♪ Hada vada vida, tarma suego ♪ ♪ Taka le que namel ♪ Indy 103, Comedy Deathray Radio.

This is Scott Ockerman.

I'm your host for The Hour.

I wanna thank Soldier Boy for writing and singing our theme song.

Very nice of him.

I kinda wish he would have mentioned Comedy Deathray Radio in the actual lyrics, but you know, you don't ask an artist of the caliber of Soldier Boy to write a theme without just kind of accepting what he brings in for you.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

Let me explain this show a little bit.

Comedy Deathray Radio is an hour.

We are going to be focusing on comedy and comedic personas.

That's about all the description I have for it, really.

It's gonna be focusing on comedy.

I will be your host for The Hour.

And with me today, my special co-host, you know him from MTV's Human Giant.

He played the bad guy in the recent film, I Love You Man.

Bad guy.

There was no bad guy.

He played a man with a different point of view than the protagonist.

I was just tan.

He played the tan guy, pardon me, and I Love You Man.

And you can see him on the office season finale, is that correct?

Yeah.

Playing another bad guy.

Tan or not this time?

I'm pretty pale.

Pretty pale in this one.

Welcome Rob Hubel.

Thank you for having me, Scott Ockerman.

This is exciting.

This is so exciting.

I just want to get straight what the show is about.

So is the show gonna be funny?

Or we just talk about stuff that's funny?

Yeah, we talk about, the show is deadly, deadly dry.

We just explain what might be a term.

We explain why something is funny.

We're gonna deconstruct.

Yeah, that's all it is.

Yeah, that's all we're really gonna do.

I know I mentioned you're part of Human Giant, right?

You're one third of Human Giant, or you're one fifth.

I don't know how you guys divvy it up.

Yeah, I think I'm third.

Does the scenes get more?

I think I'm third.

Yeah, it's done by height.

So I am four thirds.

No, yeah, we do that show and it's really fun.

Are you still doing the show?

Number one question you got.

Yeah, people keep asking us that.

I think we'll probably do some more stuff.

Right now we're just all kind of doing different things.

Like we're working on a movie, script and stuff like that.

Yeah, it's good.

Everyone's doing different stuff.

Sure, that's what happens to bands all the time.

They do different things.

We have solo projects.

They always get back together.

We have solo projects and we're all getting addicted to heroin.

And then we'll all go for you.

It's going, you know what?

It's way easier to get addicted to heroin than I thought.

Really? Yeah.

Because what I didn't know about, what I didn't anticipate is that it is so fun.

It's like really, it's like really fun.

If you're out there and you haven't tried heroin, by the way, if there's one message that we can impart to you, it's pick it up.

I mean, it's a great habit to try.

I know we should be spreading the word about heroin.

I feel like people might have already heard about it.

A little bit later, we have our special guest in the studio coming to us. Wait, am I the special guest?

You are my special co-host.

Oh, I'm the co-host.

Yes, but we have a special guest.

We have a special guest.

I'm looking at him right now.

I see him. He is here.

Yeah, I don't, I don't, I didn't want to actually say that.

But he is here from Reno 911.

Am I pretending like I'm here or not?

You're pretending like you're not here at this point.

Okay. Okay.

So we'll just tease. We'll just tease you.

We're going to tease you. Okay.

From Reno 911.

Also from my love you, man.

Hey, Scott, yes.

Real quick timeout.

We try to not say 911.

When we say rename in the show, you don't call it Reno 911.

Why is we try to rename it?

Reno 911.

The worst tragedy in the history of basically the United States.

I don't know, Pearl Harbor death count.

Is it higher than?

No, I don't think so. No, I don't think so.

No, so what we usually say, what you Reno 911.

Reno, September 11th.

Oh, it's not, oh, you don't, I guess.

No, no, I see what you're saying.

Hey, what Rob just did was exactly what we're trying to.

I see where we're going with this.

Yeah, you skip on it then.

So let's try to not invoke, well, Psalm 911, what did I just say?

It was Psalm.

Wait, hang on a second.

Reno 911, no way related to the greatest American tragedy that ever happened.

When you created the show, did you actually think of calling it Reno Pearl Harbor?

We did, but we felt like that one was just a little bit like from grandma's attic.

It was a little too confusing.

That was a tragedy that was just a little too old time.

Have we even finished his intro?

Do we say it's Tom Lennon?

No, it's Tom Lennon.

That's true.

Tom Lennon is here a little later.

I'm super confused, because I think I'm supposed to not.

You're not on the show, right?

You're not on the show yet.

You're the special guest that's coming now.

Your mic isn't even turned on.

I don't know if you know that.

Oh, that's why I can't hear anything in the headphones.

I'm going to just curl up in a little ball in the corner.

That won't be weird.

No, that's no.

That's usually what you expect.

I'm going to give myself a horse bath in the sink down the hall.

Do the old horse bath like just when you wash your privates .

That's what that is.

That is exactly what it is.

Basically, you fill the sink up and then you just kind of do your pits.

You wash your pits.

Why do whores care about their pits?

A lot of tips.

What do you have?

A lot of John's like to nuzzle armpits.

Get their face in their armpit.

But you should certainly cover your dog.

You should also bathe your privates.

That's why you're doing it.

Why do you want to check the number one?

You think that's number one?

Yeah.

I don't know.

I think number one checklist is make sure the water's warm.

You don't want any shots.

These are horse.

It's got your whores.

These are whores we're talking about.

These are medieval whores.

I wonder what percentage of the listening audience right now are actually whores.

And the evil whores.

That's what I want to know.

If you're a medieval whore out there, please give us a call .

877-900-1010-3.

OK, what's the phone number?

Say the 877-900-1010-3.

I'm going to go down the hall.

We can't take calls.

Wash my balls on the sink.

Please do.

Then I'll come back and be special.

Tom is going to be talking to us about some exciting state news.

Also, what's going on in Reno 911 this season?

So he'll be coming up a little later.

Rob?

Yeah, buddy.

We're back to you.

What's been going on, dude?

I liked party.

Oh, yeah.

I forgot about that.

I'm excited about that.

What are you doing this weekend?

Well, I'm actually shooting that thing.

I'm shooting this little thing for HBO.

HBO.com?

No, what's HBO.com?

Oh, I just assumed.

It's a little wayside.

No, me and actually Tom.

And now I feel bad because you're not in this.

Oh, yeah.

I feel like I should have just got a lot of things.

I'm not in this again.

Awkward.

I wrote this bit that Funny Your Die has given us money to shoot for HBO.

Why would Funny Your Die give you money to shoot something for HBO?

It's a terrible idea.

I don't know why they're doing that.

No, I think Funny Your Die is doing a bunch of half hours from HBO.

So I'm doing a bunch of people have been doing these little mini series.

Tim and Eric did one, Sloven and Alan did one, Paul Sheer did one, Brett Gellman did one.

Amazing.

A lot of people.

So Paul Sheer is incredible.

That guy.

He is.

Two thirds of human giant.

Why is he two thirds?

I'm gradually talented.

He is so talented.

I literally, I always talk about anything.

That guy.

Is Tom back on the show?

I'm in a little ball over here.

Tom is actually watching his balls as he's speaking to us.

He's watching his balls in a coffee cup.

His top was available.

No, people, I always joke about this, but it always happens.

You joke about me not getting recognized with the group.

For some reason, Paul and Aziz are so recognized as well.

And I'm just like the other white guy that's like, people do not know me from the show.

If people don't know human giant, there's three guys, Paul Sheer, Aziz Ansari, and Rob.

And Paul is a ball gentleman with a gap in his teeth.

He's very recognizable.

Very recognizable.

Aziz is.

People know him from Best Week Ever.

Aziz is it?

Aziz is the only Indian man in show business.

The only Indian man with a beard in his southern accent.

That's right.

Other than a noop to say.

Yeah, I don't know who that is.

From American Idol.

Oh.

And Rob is just kind of a jock looking guy.

Why do you say I'm a jock looking guy?

Well, you play sports all the time.

What sports do I play?

You know, you're always talking about how many sports you're playing.

You love to stack them up in a day.

I've played never sports today.

I don't, I promise you, I don't play.

I don't even know what sports I play.

You get called back for rapist a lot, right?

I do.

When I audition for things, I go out for rapist or jock.

It's usually date rapist.

Oh, sorry.

Date rapist who dabbles.

Number one sports.

Yeah, actually, I did have this is, I mean, can we just talk about anything?

Yeah, sure.

Oh.

The hour is open to us.

I had an audition that Tom, if I don't get this, I probably won't because I screw up every audition.

But I auditioned for this 3D movie called Piranha 3D.

Is this horror movie?

Is that a sequel to Piranha?

I don't know if it's a sequel.

20 years old, Piranha, is it?

A reimagining of Piranha?

A reimagining.

But it's in 3D.

And I auditioned to play this like super douche who gets, you know, murdered by all these Piranha, which, like, I would love to get eaten in 3D by like 500 million Piranha .

It would be so fun.

Oh, that'd be amazing.

All your guts for letting people in the audience.

Yeah, but the reason I brought that up, because I think I am like a date rapist type character in that.

I don't know why I.

Did you get the actual role?

Are you purchasing for the role right now on the air?

I don't think they listened to me.

If you are the producer of Piranha 3D.

I don't think they're listening.

They're not listening?

I mean, it seems like they'd be producing.

They can't spend all day producing Piranha 3D.

You'd be surprised.

I'm going to call my people and see why I wasn't sending on Piranha 3D.

What's going on, Tom?

Why is Hubel going in a Piranha 3D?

And I'm not insane.

Tom, you're in almost every movie coming out.

Here's the thing.

I actually lost out in I Love You Man to Raw Pughble.

You did.

Yeah, that's a hundred percent true, Hubel.

We settle this right now.

We auditioned for the same part.

Yes.

And I would have loved to take your part.

Also, your part.

Wow.

We're also assuming people have seen this movie.

I Love You Man.

Comedy fans have probably seen it, don't you think?

Yeah, I Love You Man was out.

It was a modest hit.

Wow, Scott.

That's not very nice.

Thanks for the bitch slap.

It made Hubel $60 million.

Tom, come on the show.

Tom, you did not write I Love You Man, though.

So you have no stake in it.

No, but thanks for the bitch slap.

Well, you were a big part of the trailer.

In fact, your part was one of the biggest jokes in the trailer.

I begged them not to put it in the trailer.

That's true.

You had it out of the park.

It was not the first time you've kissed another man on screen.

Probably not.

I feel like I've seen you.

No, the pile would have been 9-1-1.

There's a mean for the grant make out for like two minutes.

That's really minutes?

Yeah, it's really long.

That's why he didn't get on the air at Fox.

Oh.

Just because of that.

Way too gay for them.

Well, Fox has lost his comedy centrals in the end.

But, you're going to get prom.

I hope I, as a guy who's lost out roles, I hope I get prom.

You're going to get prom.

The minute the show is off the air.

Just because it's 3D.

I just want to.

I know you're making a call to your agent.

Texting him right now.

The lock rob Hubel.

Indy 103, this is comedy death ray radio.

We're on until 1 o'clock Pacific.

So we're on for 13 now.

Yes.

That would be like the human giant marathon that you guys did, which was amazing.

Yeah.

Oh, thanks.

24 hours on MTV.

That was 24 hours of.

24 hours long.

You guys didn't sleep.

We didn't sleep.

We got really drunk when we were in commercials.

And when you stay up that long, I don't think they've ever stayed up for 24 hours straight.

But I believe I have, yes.

You really start to go a little bit crazy.

Like I pooped in my pants a little bit.

Not a lot.

Like not a huge thing.

But like, you know, it just happens.

A fair amount.

It's a natural bodily thing.

Sure.

And when you don't have time to go to the bathroom because you're on live TV.

The only available place is your pants.

Yeah.

I pooped a little bit.

I peed a little bit.

Wait, wait.

Quick time out.

Just before we talk.

Are you back on the show?

I've come about my life.

I'm about to brush back inside this video.

Look, I've glossed over this.

You pooped a little bit on live television?

Yeah.

During the actual show or in a commercial room?

Was it like a little rabbit pellet type things?

Or was it like one of those?

Yeah.

You could, I have the ability to switch back and forth between human or rabbit dispensaries.

Like I can do.

I have two different models.

Two different types.

Yeah.

Was it like a, was it a real, was it?

Did you poop a lot in your pants?

I pooped in my hands.

I pooped little pellets into my hands and I threw it away.

You just threw it right into the dispensary.

Yeah.

I don't know how we got on.

Interesting.

We're getting some, yeah, we're getting some interesting background.

Are we going to play music on the show?

Or do we talk?

In fact, let's play a song.

Wait.

We'll come right back.

Let's play the Dragon Boy Swade CD.

Dragon Boy Swade, AKA Howard Kramer Trek III, if we could.

Big fan.

Dragon Boy Swade.

We'll catch him at Twitter on at Dragon Boy Swade.

You can catch all of us on Twitter, actually.

I'm at Scott Ockerman.

This is at Rob Hubel at Thomas Lennon.

And this is Dragon Boy Swade with a song, Buy You Clothes Do You In And Take Them Back.

Andy, one of three.

Check it out.

I'm going to buy you clothes for you when I'm taken back.

Listen up, girl.

I got an idea.

Pat you got a idea.

Come here, learn any art.

As I explain away, we could chop all day and get real.

Fuck it.

Are you ready?

Okay.

We go to the mall and hit the floors.

My insurance, my ink rolls.

Bag on my panty.

Come on and have ourselves on fashion.

So I'll lay you down and make you move.

Change outfit, make you flow.

When we're done and back, it's not to get back the door.

From the north, you'll see that we make you the next.

We're still going to buy you clothes for you when I'm taken back.

Buy the clothes for you when I'm taken back.

Anything you want, we gonna shop until you're dropping.

We won't stop until you're popping every outfit in the shop .

But just remember that it's going baby.

Right back where we got it.

If you're thinking about keeping anything forget about it.

You.

For you.

I got to look in like a model.

Getting busy and a lot of stuff that winds up causing not a penny.

No.

Not a nickel or a dime.

Memorable.

It's kind of wrong.

Technically it's not a crime.

I want to be a real woman.

This is Aromance Ladyboy here in D103, Comedy Death 3 radio .

Has anyone out there ever been a no?

Sometimes lovers confuse you.

They can be even more confusing when you don't know the language your lover is speaking.

There's something that happened to me.

Whilst I was in Hong Kong.

On a business trip, oftentimes my business takes me there.

In the hotel bar, I met a young thing named Sally Asian.

A luring, she had four jobs and three at night.

She said that she loved England and all things English was her lucky night.

We walked in the streets along Mughu Power Road.

The streets were wet.

Went to her flat, watched a rerun of Remington.

Still with her seventeen brothers and sisters.

One of her brothers smoked at me.

I didn't know why.

Traveling from room to room.

Searching for a room in which to consummate our loss.

Traveling from room to room.

We finally found one.

But I wish that we had to untill Lady Boy.

She had a willy-a-slide young girl Sally was.

Lady Boy.

But I thought I'll never do this again.

So I refused the condom.

New York!

Another business trip, I missed my wife and kids and I was bored.

So I went down to Time Swag.

To kill some time that I really cleaned it up since I was last there.

But that's to a porn store that sells.

Video nasty zone.

49th West of Broadway.

So this beautiful girl.

Asian.

I wondered what she's doing now.

I asked her if she marked a share of boot.

She said no, but I'll get into the one next stop.

There was a clear paxiglass window between star roofs.

She sucked, blowing it through the hole.

Lady Boy.

How did this happen to me?

What's all the odds?

Lady Boy.

But this will not happen again.

I rejected the protection.

London!

Back at home, my wife and kids divorced me.

But that's another song in it.

On Craigslist.

I met a beautiful thing.

What went by the name of Alexis?

She wanted to go to the cinema.

Did I mention she was Asian?

I should have known something was fishy as we sat.

Through a midnight showing up to Hong Fu.

Thanks for everything Julie knew.

She had popcorn on the lap.

She wanted me to reach into the bucket.

And when I got down to the bottom of the crone.

You guessed it at the bottom of the popcorn bucket.

Lady Boy.

How does this keep on happening to me?

These Asians are so convincing with their lady boys.

Thin wrists long next to the second lady lady boys.

Put a flavor on the popcorn.

The boots of labor in a minority and so Lady Boy.

Lady Boy.

Love you, Lady Boy.

Indie 103, comedy-death ray radio.

This is your host Scott Ockerman.

I'm here with my co-host Rob Hubel.

And Tom Lennon is not here.

Has not arrived.

He's still on his way.

He's in traffic.

I heard he's in traffic.

He'll be here at some point.

I can't wait till he gets here.

Oh my god, that's going to be amazing.

Imagine the things he would say.

I'm sure he'll talk about the state in Reno 9-11.

Reno 9-11.

Reno 7-11.

Did you see, have you seen 17 again yet?

Only 17 times.

You've seen it 17 times.

I'm about to see it 18 again.

You should see it 18 more times.

You're hilarious.

You're hilarious in that movie.

Come on the show and get Dick slapped by Ockerman about your whole career.

It's no, it is.

I'm going to call this comedy-death ray or bait-and-switch radio.

Just like Dick, come in.

I want to say it.

It's funny, right?

I mean, you're supposed to.

You were really funny.

Was your last week or was it number one?

Yeah, it was number one.

We don't need to, I don't feel like we don't need to promote that movie.

Okay, we want that.

Because that movie's already like, you know, they're doing great.

One thing we do want to promote is Rob Hubel and Paul Shear .

We want to promote the Star Trek movie.

Yes, Star Trek.

Yeah, because that needs a little fun.

Yeah, because that needs marketing.

No, that's going to be huge.

Paul Shear and I.

You guys are doing a screening of that coming up Tuesday, which people can win tickets for.

Is that correct?

Paul and I have a bunch of tickets to give away to this big Star Trek screening here in Hollywood at the Arklight Theater.

It's Tuesday night.

I think it's like at 7 or 7.30.

We'll figure that out.

Paul and I are just presenting the movie, which I'm not sure how.

No, I'm so psyched.

I was talking to Pat and Oswald about it and he saw it and said it's carossum.

I was going to say crazy, but it's supposed to be unbelievable.

It's too crazy to be crazy.

Yeah, so Paul and I and yourself, I think what we should do is have, because you're coming to the screening, right?

I hope to.

It is up against other show called Comedy Death Ray.

Comedy Death Ray Radio is based on a live show I do Comedy Death Ray every Tuesday with my co-creator and co-curator, BJ Porter.

We do it every week.

It's a comedy show at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater.

Well, guess what?

You're not going to have a crowd because of our Star Trek screening.

That's fine by me.

So what we wanted to do was have people Twitter us, Twitp icks of them dressed up as Star Trek nerds.

So if you dressed up as Star Trek nerds or Star Trek characters?

Yeah, Star Trek or dressed as Star Trek.

Okay, let's assume that they're already nerds.

So just dressed up as something Star Trek related.

Okay.

And so basically just take a picture of yourself and then tweet it to at Rob Hubel or at Paul Shear or at Scott Ockerman.

Thank you.

We're going to get a bunch of crazy pictures now.

You'll get some nude pictures of girls with like, you know, cling on faces on their boot.

I'll take if there's the green ladies.

Yeah.

You can send those to At Thomas Land.

But only the green lady.

Green ladies.

But yeah, so it's the three company thieves are called.

Go, go, go, go, go, go.

Green ladies.

John Ritter.

But yeah, so tweet us your Twitpicks of you and then we'll pick the best ones and then we'll post all those and then we'll give away tickets to Star Trek.

And now this is a big screen.

Are you giving them all the tickets yourselves?

No, no, no, no.

I think a lot of radio stations are doing stuff.

We have a bunch though to give away.

So it'll be really cool.

That'll be amazing.

That is going on Tuesday at the Arklight.

Also Tuesday is comedy death ray, which this week has our guest Jimmy Pardo, Maria Bamford, Saturday Night Lives, Jerry Minor.

He was also the neighbor and lucky Louie tickets for that are on sale at ucbtheatre.com right now for Tuesday.

That is always a good show.

It's intimidatingly great.

This week we had Pat Nausewald and Kevin Nealon.

They were both really good.

Kevin Nealon will be a guest here in a few weeks.

I want to hype that.

He's also Weird Al Yankovic will be a guest here in a few weeks, which is very exciting.

Who was actually the nicest person in the world?

He is so nice.

Weird Al is my only friend.

He's the least weird of all of my friends.

I met him through you.

Yeah, well he's a big human guy.

I was so nervous to meet him and he's just like the nicest guy.

He's super nice.

I had a big influence upon me when I was a young man.

Yeah.

We should talk about now Rob.

What we did over the weekend.

Yeah, what we did last weekend.

We had a big weekend.

It was amazing.

Now this was Saturday.

Saturday we decided to go to Weirdo Land and just make it as weird as we could.

The whole day.

The first thing we did, we went to a super depressing Back to the Future convention in Burbank at the Burbank Marriott.

You may be saying, how does the movie back to the future really anchor a whole convention?

Well it doesn't.

If you can't get the main people to show up.

How many Marty McFlaw's in the Santa Ana?

The Dennum.

All wearing the Dennum.

The Dennum.

Life jacket.

The best thing.

So many of those people.

But also in addition to- God I feel like I'm a great Marty McFlaw.

You should be grateful.

I'm a great creepy older older Marty McFlaw from all these things.

They had all the DeLorians.

You could have taken a picture looking at your watch.

We did.

There's so many people there with their DeLorians.

Who from the picture?

Who from the actual picture?

I think Christopher Lloyd was there.

Oh, Taeleone was there.

Taeleone involved in the picture.

Wait, Taeleone?

Who am I talking about?

No, you're thinking of what- No, you're thinking of what- Laya Thompson.

Yeah, Taeleone was there.

Very weird.

She was there.

But then, but so I think what happened was what they do is they, they don't have enough celebrities there from the movie to make it a thing.

Well if you consider Christopher Lloyd and Laya Thompson not enough- Well if you consider Doc Brown and Mom.

No they are, but like, but they have to fill up a huge convention center.

So they invite all these other quote unquote- Side-fies stars.

Yeah, celebrities to come and just do signings.

So it's like- Like the guy from the guy who invented the actual- Like Lorin?

Yeah.

Like Riptailor.

Like Riptailor was there.

And the guy- Just throw a confetti around him.

Yeah, the bad guys from Superman too.

They were there.

Well, well, the woman- Biff was there.

Isn't it- what about Biff?

Biff was not there.

No, he was not there.

I can't turn in my homework with your handwriting.

Was not there.

He was not there.

You know who was there was one of the girls who was in the hot tub in Back to the Future to Biff.

Yeah.

Yeah, it has no line.

But the great thing was this thing was so depressing.

The show was like a still up so you know that it's true.

Yeah, well that's what they do is they have a little table and they put up a still of them.

Right.

You know, they're a little thing.

And then what they do is to lure you over, they put little bowls of candy on their table.

They really do to like lure you over because they want you to pay for a headshot.

Yeah, yeah, of course.

I've been to comic-con.

It's depressing though, man.

Like I was feeling great that day and when I left I thought about killing myself.

I thought about funny ways to kill myself.

I got in that.

I didn't do it.

Were the dudes who had originally bought who were supposed to get the plutonium?

Were they there?

Those guys, the Libyan people?

Yeah, I don't think they were there.

They're cut.

I don't think they were there.

The Libyans were not there.

So that was the worst part of the day.

That was the first part and I got into a little trouble because I took an unauthorized picture of Rip Taylor.

Oh, he didn't like that at all.

Was there a big Calvin Klein booth set up?

Calvin Klein was not there.

I thought it was hilarious that when I approached Rip Taylor there was a man in a denim embroidered super friends jacket talking to Rip Taylor.

So I thought I would take a picture of the both of them and I snapped it and Rip Taylor flew into a rage.

Did not go over well.

He practically jumped across the table at me and batted the camera at my hand.

Well, that's how they make their money, man.

Like if now you have that picture, I mean, you don't bring food to a restaurant.

You can't just do stuff like that.

Sometimes you bring food to a restaurant.

Well, if it's a bring your own food restaurant.

We should open one of those.

You also, by the way, don't bring Rip Taylor to a restaurant.

You should not bring Rip.

Don't ever bring him to a restaurant.

You do not.

We did a bit with him on Viva Variety called Las Vegas on 75 cents a day.

So it was about like we went around.

It was Mike Black and Rip Taylor going around like eating room service stuff off the ground.

Like people that people had left out.

And then getting rides from cops because you're acting like you're super drunk and stuff.

That's a great idea.

And Rip Taylor was a very good sport.

That should be a TV show.

Just before I knew that he was going to swap the camera out of my friend's hand.

No, he was a very nice man.

He actually, I'm sleeping like a monster in the swan.

Maybe that's what you're stating in a little bit.

But then you did pay for a picture.

And then he got a picture.

I said, I don't have the money for a picture.

So he said, well, buy a luggage tag.

Oh, yes.

And I said, well, how much is a luggage tag?

He said $1.00.

And then I felt really bad.

So I said, I'll give you five for a luggage tag.

And then he gave me a lollipop in the shape of his mustache .

Yeah, it's a white chocolate.

It's a white chocolate mustache that looks like Rip Taylor 's mustache.

Can you imagine like a more white chocolate mustache?

That's the worst print song ever.

White chocolate mustache.

Like he's giving that a rip tail.

Just giving that out to children.

She's like, why?

And then he asked me to sit on his mustache.

He was very, very shocked.

So then the second half of the day, that was only, that was like, that was just till noon.

So then we got into our DeLoreans and we high-tailed it over to the Michael Jackson auction.

Now a lot of people don't know about this.

What happened is?

Where was it?

This was, this was, this is all of Neverland's stuff.

And an auction house in Beverly Hills was going to auction all of this stuff.

And they were having showings of it.

Yeah.

So you could see all the stuff before you bid on it.

Did you get a credit check before you went in?

Was it one of those fancy ones?

Or was it any, any, any, any, any 20 bucks to get in?

But what happened was he booked this like world tour or some big gig.

So now he doesn't need the money.

So he's not, so he's not, so it was not going to happen.

So it was, it was ending.

It was like they're going to get, they're going to send it all back to Neverland.

So we went there to see all this stuff before.

Yeah.

So there's all that, there's all this stuff in the Michael Jackson auction place.

And you have to assume that there's probably sperm on all of it.

Well, we, we did not have a black light.

We didn't bring the black light.

We should have brought a black light because, but it would have been.

Just a test tool out.

Yeah.

But I mean, there were like statues from the yard.

I'm sure they had sperm on them.

Yeah.

I'm sure they did.

We took a lot of fun pictures of this, by the way.

They're all on statues from the yard.

Yeah.

Like yard ornaments.

Yeah.

But it's all of children.

It's like children doing handstands and children like pulling down each other's.

And then there's pants and like really like crazy.

Yeah.

There's other, there's other children kissing each other.

It was like, it was crazy.

There's other stuff like he has a huge diorama of the Pinoc chio scene where the poor fairy comes and brings Pinocchio to life.

And in it, he made Disney put a revolving thing of him doing the moonwalk through.

So it's this beautiful animatronic scene from Pinocchio and then the background.

And then he moonwalk.

He's moonwalk.

He's famous.

It's like, what is that?

It's amazing.

We have a lot of pictures of this up on my blog, which is scottocherman.tumbler.com.

You can see...

This is a real plug fest.

I know.

You can see Rob shirtless next to Michael Jackson's statue.

No one wants to see that.

Do you know that they're not actual children that have been preserved somehow?

He might have magical powers.

I'm just asking.

I feel like it's worth checking.

Well, I don't know what's my description of it was like, it really was like the weirdest collection of stuff because a lot of it was just like, what is this?

It was like out of the tutors almost.

You know, they had all these pictures of the Mona Lisa wearing the Michael Jackson glasses and glitter glove.

It's weirdo stuff.

Like artwork from McCauley Culkin.

Yeah, there was their finger painting by...

Finger paintings by McCauley Culkin.

There was one awesome thing which was a finger painting by McCauley Culkin from 1991.

And then right above it is a finger painting by Michael Jackson from 1996.

So he looked at the finger one day and was like, oh, that inspires me.

I'm going to do a finger painting.

Like eight years later.

I have what I have.

You've both been to my place.

I've got a bunch of little cherub boys in the lieutenant-y angle-shores.

I don't think you should be talking about that.

They're all whizzing on each other.

And like, it's like you've seen it.

It's like that fountain.

It's the most upsetting thing.

It's called baby dangles.

It's in his front yard.

It's all these statues of children urinating on each other.

And they're wearing short shorts.

They're wearing short shorts.

Yeah, it's so upsetting.

But mine's like, that's ironic.

It's not ironic.

It is.

It's caused several car accidents.

People drive by and they're like, what the...

If you know where I live, you definitely know where I live when you see the little boys out there.

Look for it.

How many pairs of lieutenant-dangle shorts do you have, by the way?

Seems like you have a lot of them.

I have a lot.

I actually got some trouble about that because I've auction ed off too many pairs.

Well, no.

I got in trouble from Liz who bought that really expensive pair.

The one that we auctioned off.

Was that I auctioned another one off for charity that went for way less than that?

Have you ever gotten a yeast infection from those pants?

Can a man get a yeast infection, Rob?

I don't even know.

I mean, I got something going on.

Someone Twitter us.

I got something going on.

Put enough yeast in a pair of shorts and anyone will get a yeast infection.

I assume, here, take a look at this.

Is this...

Is that a yeast infection?

What is going on with my...

Something's going on.

Look at that.

I'm just putting a huge idea.

I'm an asterisk next to this because I don't know what that is, but it's definitely an asterisk or a question.

Are we allowed to show our genitalia on the radio?

Yes, we are.

Yes.

Please do.

Because I don't even know what is this.

You can actually rub your genitalia against the microphone if you wish.

Let's go to a song.

Let's do a cracked out track number three.

This is Indy 103.

This is comedy-death-free radio.

Who's in cracked out?

Brett Gellman.

Brett Gellman and John Daly.

John Daly.

We're going to come back.

We're going to talk to Tom a little bit about the state.

Big state news has come up.

Also Doug Benson should be calling us at any minute from, I believe, Colorado or Texas with his Wolverine review.

I hear it's good.

This is Cracked Out on Indy 103, comedy-death-free radio.

We're going to talk to you about the state news.

Indy 103, comedy-death-free radio.

That is cracked out.

Brett Gellman and John Daly.

They just counted.

They counted.

They wrapped count.

They did that live on the human giant marathon.

I was exhausted for 20 hours.

I almost started crying.

I brought you back to life again.

To me it's hilarious.

It's just, they're counting.

You can see them crackedout.com maybe.

I don't know.

I'm not sure where they are.

At Brett Gellman on Twitter, I know.

We have in the studio with us, this is comedy-death-free radio on Indy 103.

We have in the studio my co-host human-giant Rob Hubel, but we also have our special guest.

When is he going to get here?

When is he here?

Hey guys, sorry about that.

Hey man.

Four or five.

What's up Tom Linen?

Sane.

You're on the 405?

Yeah.

Coming in from Laguna.

Yeah, coming in from Laguna.

Laguna Pancho.

I love your mansion in Laguna.

You've been there.

I've been there.

I can't believe you're going to promote the fact that you have that.

You're going to get arrested.

You're going to get shut down.

Can you actually shut down a house?

Yeah, for a bunch of little baby cherubs.

We're just little kids.

You're an angel.

Well, the weird thing is that they're acting like they're not having fun.

They're crying.

The statues look like they're crying.

Great conversations.

They're all very upset.

Yeah.

This is Reno 911's Tom Linen, who plays Lieutenant Angle.

You also started basically the sketch show that you started in was called The State.

That was on MTV, similarly to Rob's.

Thank you.

Thank you for mentioning that.

I know actually the human giant tried to show a bunch of state when you did the 24 hour, but then they gave you some grief about the music clearance .

Yeah, they had always been grief about the state.

But we're big fans of your guys show.

People were always asking us what other comedy shows we liked, and we always tried to say like Mr. Show and so many other great comedy shows, Ben Stiller Show, and your show is so funny too.

Yeah.

But you talk about the music clearances, and that actually leads us into the big state news, which was announced this week.

The state DVD is actually coming out every single episode.

It's coming out when?

July 14th.

No, last deal day.

July 14th.

Last deal day.

That's going to be huge.

It's going to be insane.

Don't go anywhere near the Bastille.

I believe they're going to cancel Bastille Day.

It's going to get burned down.

They're going to cancel Bastille Day in order just to promote that, I think.

Throw away any furniture you can't bone on.

So wait, is this what's on the DVD?

It's all of your every episode of every episode of every episode of episode.

Every episode of every episode did you do?

Here's the shocker.

There are only 26, I believe, episodes of the state.

26 half hours.

Wow.

I mean, because it's weird because there's 39 people think of the variety.

It was a culty show.

We did Wayne and he did Wayne and we did the state.

That was an easier show to do though because there was a lot of them in the studio stuff.

It was all in the studio.

The state is hard because it's like...

The state was hard and the state was very intense bunch of personalities.

We would fight a lot.

How many members of the state were there?

There are 44 members of the state.

That's a lot for a comedy group.

It's weird because that 30 of those are Ken Marino.

Wow.

Actually, there's 11 of us.

Ken Marino takes 30, 44th of the state.

He takes up 30...

I'm sure there's a way to get the lower common denominator in there.

The problem with Tom has been always that you could put it on DVD because MTV at the time could use any song that they showed you up.

That is exactly true.

If they had a video for it, you could absolutely use it in any way.

They signed an agreement with all the record companies that they could use any song on any program.

It was the time when MTV used to play a lot of videos, sort of still.

It seemed like a good idea.

It's a good idea.

So basically your show is filled with popular songs like Every Money Hurts.

Great call from the time, exactly right.

No, but it does have the most popular song of the era.

Here's another one, Cannonball, which actually was a real problem.

There we go.

Now we can run it down.

Justice, we're gonna run it down.

John Ritter, John Ritter.

Your show is filled with those types of songs, which has been the problem of releasing it on DVD.

It's been re-scored.

Scott, you're really hung up on this music clearance issue.

Well, that's what's up.

That's what's up.

So it is coming out.

And I will say there's a lot of interesting stuff on it.

Are there Easter eggs to which people can masturbate?

There are Easter eggs.

Probably.

Wait a minute.

Why do people masturbate to young Carrie Kenny?

Why are people masturbating to Easter eggs and DVDs and what are your outs?

Well, like on the human giant DVD, we hid all these secret things where if you go and you see secret porno stuff.

Yeah, secret porno stuff.

And you can masturbate to it.

And let me say this, you can masturbate to it for free.

I mean, once you buy the DVD, spend money on the DVD.

I've spent 1995 before I get to masturbate for free.

Yeah, exactly.

You spend 1995 and you take the DVD now.

I'm all in at the point that I'm masturbating to the Easter eggs on the human giant DVD.

It's totally free.

First off, I'm taking real stock in my life if I masturb ating to the extras on the human giant DVD.

I think that's how porn sites should advertise.

Like masturbate for free once you pay us.

Once you pay.

And then there's a little asterisk.

No, so the state's finally coming out.

And I know that every single episode has commentary on it, which is cool.

Wait, you guys got all for real 11 people?

Everybody ended them up, so you'll usually get like four or five.

Is everyone still alive?

Did anyone die yet?

No one has died yet.

That was a great gamble on my part.

I thought for a second, oh no, what if someone.

No, a lot of people don't remember the state.

Kevin Allison once told me that he did cocaine that he found on the floor of porno theatre.

Oh, he should be dead.

Oh my God.

But still alive.

Wow.

Still alive.

I'm sure he's so pissed at you.

A lot of people don't remember who was in the state.

Just say some of the people who were in the state.

This is going to take up the rest of the show.

Oh my God.

They're all doing amazing things.

There's Michael Ian Black, Michael Showalter, David Wayne.

All of Stella was in it.

Most of Reno 9-1.

Because Joe is a killer.

Jerry Keynote is now on.

Joe LaTruglio, Todd Hallbeck, Kevin Allison, myself.

It was a killer, Kevin.

Are there any black people?

There were no black people.

The closest we had was Michael Ian Black.

Why aren't there any black people?

Who's technically a Jew?

Why aren't there any black people on the show?

You know, we were asked to do many times.

Look at him in giant.

You have, we're ethnically diverse.

Right.

You have to be in this image.

How would he mean you're ethnically diverse?

But you have one of the whitest Indian guy I've ever went my entire life.

Well, he's got a beard.

Okay.

He's not, you know, he would be upset if you said you're a white dude.

Like, you know, he's...

He's, he's, he's, he's just, as he's, like, there are, there are people from more far a field than South Carolina.

I agree.

I'm from South Carolina.

We're both from South Carolina.

Are you?

Is that why you guys started a comedy group together?

Yeah.

Excited.

We're both from South Carolina.

Let's start this.

So, so the big state news coming down to 2014.

Best deal day.

That's a good deal.

Anywhere near the best deal on that day.

It's going to be a fantastic show if people haven't seen it .

I mean, it hasn't been around.

It hasn't been available for a six to nine years.

There's a weird thing about it, which is like, I'm sort of happy that the state's coming out on DVD.

I also have always loved the fact that you couldn't get it.

You couldn't get it.

Like, to me, it was always, like, kind of cool.

That's like, that why would you do it?

Why would you like that?

Oh, because you wanted to just either you need a state or you didn't.

Yeah, like, you wanted people to really know.

I love that you guys are finally releasing it on DVD as soon as DVDs are going by the wayside.

Of course.

Just getting...

Exactly.

What's the new...

What's the new format?

Uh, MP4s.

It's just a, it's just a file.

Yeah.

You just get files.

You just download content to your contact lenses.

That's how you watch movies.

It's just, yeah.

It's just in your brain.

Yeah.

I brought the state album, which was also never released.

And this you can never get, although so many of the tracks are so filthy.

When did you record it?

We went down to Nassau in the Bahamas.

Nassau, really?

You were going to record it in space.

Nassau.

What do you say?

It says AU.

We went down to like, where YouTube records.

This is when the state was like, this is all YouTube.

You Tube, grandpa was a band.

We went down and got drunk for about three weeks in the Bahamas and recorded an album that was unreleasable.

You blew all the money.

I think I heard it.

I'm going to the Bahamas.

Does that work?

Kevin Allison did cocaine off the floor of a porn.

I believe that was in Manhattan.

Wow.

But yeah, we blew all the money.

We recorded an album that we gave to Warner Brothers.

And by the time we gave it to Warner Brothers, we had been canceled off of CBS.

Because you had to deal with CBS for a while to do a series of specials.

We had to do a series of specials that canceled us after one.

After one.

And I should also point out, we were in New York and we got canceled by CBS in LA at 9am.

Which means they got up at 6am.

Wow.

Especially just to call us in New York.

To make sure we knew that we were canceled.

Well, that's good.

That's amazing.

They're organized.

Yeah.

I think that's a good way to do it.

They were so excited to cancel us.

You were aggressively.

Oh, they got.

You weren't even canceled.

You were like, fuck you.

No, no, it was really like a fuck off.

It was really like this.

You were breaking our face.

I'm not like this.

We're breaking our face.

Yeah.

So we have the state album here.

Can we?

Yeah.

You know what?

You guys have for a second while I scan for something that 's somewhat.

Let me see this while he's doing that.

Is Doug Benson going to call in for real?

Doug Benson calling?

Has he called in yet?

He's going to review Wolverine.

Do we have any callers?

By the way, 877-91031, 877-91031.

Are there any callers?

What's the member talk to you?

877-91031.

Okay, while we're waiting for that, can I do a quick review of the movie Obsessed?

Let's do it.

Because I saw that.

Okay.

I saw that movie Obsessed.

It is awesome.

If you like, I don't want to give it away.

Obsessed is Beyonce.

Yeah.

Yitra Selba.

Yitra Selba is, you know, he gets stalked by Ali Larter.

And if you like to watch, I don't want to give it away, but Beyonce, lose her shit and go crazy and beat up other girls that are blonde.

Only other girls.

Yeah.

If you want to see Beyonce beat up white girls, then go see this movie.

That is, yeah, that's got to be someone's fantasy.

I'm excited.

It was so fun to watch that.

You know what I wish that we could have seen it in those debock seats.

Oh, yeah.

Now, Rob and I and Paul Shear and a bunch of other Jason W ollener, I believe, was either or not.

Yeah, he was in break down.

And we all went to see Fast and Furious, not the Fast and the Furious, but Fast and Furious.

And the debock seats.

And people don't know what that is.

People don't know what it is.

Let me explain.

debock is basically vibrating seats.

They have them in two theaters in the country, man's Chinese six and somewhere else on our Arizona.

And we were the first people to ever sit in these seats.

Yeah, we got.

We saw the midnight show of Fast and Furious on a Thursday night.

And we were the first crowd to ever sit in the debock seats , which vibrate the entire time.

But it's not like just vague vibrating.

It's computer.

It was awesome.

It was so up.

They swarmed you around.

Yeah.

Like, again, like, I feel like those seats could be used for masturbation also.

That's a whole other show.

We should talk about it.

What?

Everything.

Yeah.

Why does that thing have to do with everybody?

But the debock seats were so fun.

And like, but the crazy thing was, is that there was only this one row.

Only one row in the theater.

So the rest of the theater.

Yeah.

The rest of the theater.

They say eventually they're going to replace all the seats with debock seats.

Oh, I can't wait.

Because we were the first ones and we were live Twittering during it.

Yeah.

People got mad about that later.

But I don't know if you're supposed to Twitter in movies.

But.

No, we do.

In fact, next week we're going to have a little information about our next live Twitter during a movie.

You guys just live tweeted.

Called Twit Flix.

Yeah.

And you guys did crank too.

We did crank too.

I was going to go.

I went to the wrong movie.

I went to Hannah Montana.

And you were live Twittering during Hannah Montana.

Yeah.

And the thing is, I thought there was going to be more nudity.

I did not know that they don't get naked in that movie.

So.

We call that Twit Flix, which is if you follow us, Rob is at Rob Hubel.

The whole thing.

This whole show is just to promote your Twitter.

Well, you have to reset all the time.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, there's new listeners.

This is indie 103, comedy death ray.

Yep.

Nice to go to Ockerman.

And I'm at Scott Ockerman.

This is at Rob Hubel if you're on Twitter.

And we're going to be Twittering a movie next week.

I believe we're going to have information about it.

Next week my guest will be Aziz Ansari from Parks and Recreation.

He's going to be here on the show.

He'll be here on the show.

I believe he's going to co-host, which is what you're doing , which is basically what all of us are doing right now is co-hosting.

I guess so.

You're sort of passing the hosting duties.

Is Doug Benson called in yet?

He just is on my own.

He's called in.

Okay, so that one CD that I had tracked to is his intro music.

He's going to be so high.

This is not going to make sense.

It's the middle of the afternoon.

It doesn't matter.

It's Doug Benson.

It is Doug Benson.

This is at Doug Benson.

He's from Best Week Ever.

He's a correspondent.

He also is the star of his own documentary, Superimy.

This is going to be a regular feature called I Love Movies.

Take it away.

Dog hates candy wrappers screaming baby sticky seeds with 50 as a popcorn curdles in his teeth.

He'll not want that he won't see those Doug loves movies.

Doug are you there?

Hello.

Hello Doug Benson.

Everyone welcome Doug Benson to the program.

How are you?

Hi Doug.

Hey everybody.

Where are you calling from Doug?

I'm calling from outside my hotel in Denver, Colorado.

Denver, Colorado.

Now you just saw the movie Wolverine.

You just stepped out of it.

Is that correct?

Well you know the thing is the movie was about to start watching the trailers and some of you started coughing so I got out of there.

What do you mean you left because a guy was coughing?

Yeah there was a gentleman coughing in the theater and I'm not going to risk getting a drug pick disease just to watch Wolverine.

Just to watch Wolverine.

You're back then run around with his dinner utensil back.

Well but can you give us a review of Wolverine even though you haven't seen it?

I found Wolverine.

I'm just joking around.

That was a funny joke.

It was a time to have fun with the swine flu before it gets released.

It's hilarious joke right now.

Next week we won't even be here.

Everyone will be dead.

Yeah we'll all be gone.

I'll be in the house funny while it'll be there.

It'll be like the stand.

So I'm really psyched about this movie.

What are the chances that people can masturbate during this movie?

What are the opportunities?

Come on Rob.

Everything is to masturbate today.

You get a few really nice glimpses of Hugh Jackman insanely hard ass.

Nice.

There's just constant bloodless mayhem.

I haven't seen a movie with a higher body count where you do it.

With no blood.

Not a single drop of blood.

Well it's PG-13.

You can't have a lot of blood in a PG-13 movie.

Yeah.

I'm ruining the whole movie that one shot where he flies off that vehicle up into the air at the helicopter.

My one question is.

Is that in the movie?

It's in the movie and it's not a spoiler to say that it is because it happened during the opening credit.

Okay great.

So here's my real question.

Without ruining the whole movie does he miss the helicopter or does he grab it?

I think he misses it.

Okay let's take bets.

Hold on before Doug answers.

What do you?

I think he misses.

I got to go miss.

Yeah.

If he caught it.

You don't even have to answer.

He misses the helicopter.

We know that.

Spoiler alert.

So Doug what any other impressions of the movie that you can give us?

You guys aren't making any sense at all right now.

You're so high.

I can already smell.

I smell later.

It's much later in Denver.

All right Doug we're going to have to wrap it up.

We're going to have to wrap it up.

Any last thoughts?

Any last impressions?

Ah just that there's a character in it that when you start saying to yourself I hope this character dies soon your wish comes true almost immediately.

Oh.

Are there any scenes where he makes love to anyone from behind like a wolf?

No.

No okay well.

No and they didn't stick that Durandor and Fong in the movie.

I'm hungry like the wolf.

Or wait are you talking about the reflex?

Or.

Girls on top.

Come on you have to be a little more specific.

Two minutes lighter.

All right Doug thanks so much for calling.

You're going to call in and give us some movie reviews hopefully in the next few weeks.

Is that correct?

Yeah I'd love to.

Awesome.

This is Doug Benson from Best Week Ever.

You're on Best Week Ever tonight is that correct?

Yes tonight.

I have a lot of correct questions.

All right thanks Doug let's play your outro.

Ooh.

Thanks Doug.

Hi.

Here we go.

There's the outro.

Now it's time for Doug to watch another talkie.

Eyes of gold is viewing.

Crowd was fake.

Coggy there's no written in his heart for you.

Because Doug loves movies.

Oh boy Doug Benson that was exciting.

That's some real production value with the music.

That was Palpatine.

That was actually Hard and Firm playing that song.

Chris Hardwick.

And Mike Furman.

Chris Hardwick is at Nerdist on Twitter.

Plugging everyone's Twitter.

Most people listening to this are probably not on Twitter.

Oh come on.

If you're listening to this you're probably going to Twitter.

You're checking Twitter while you're listening to this.

Most people listening to this are Chris Hardwick.

It's actually the majority of the people.

Are Chris Hardwick.

Just waiting to hear his name.

You're totally right.

This is about wrapping it up guys.

I hate to say we don't have time to play.

We never did anything funny.

We never got to do any.

Why didn't we do?

That's why we talked about.

That should be the first thing we do next time.

I had a bunch of hilarious bits.

You talked about you and Piranha which was great.

But I had a bunch of hilarious characters.

I was going to do this.

Do well.

Okay okay I'm going to do this one guy.

This is just like my favorite character.

He's a really old guy.

Great.

He's in space.

Old guy in space.

That was really amazing.

That was amazing.

I can tell how old he was.

I wrote that last night.

It took me forever.

You know but once you did the floodgates were just open.

It makes me wonder what did he get old in space.

Did we send him up there?

Do we forget that he was up there?

Do we have time?

Do we have time to do one more relationship question?

Yeah let's do it.

Yeah you can Twitter us your relationship questions every week.

If you can't bone on it throw it away.

Burn it.

If you can't bone it burn it.

Or if you can't burn it.

Yeah that's true.

Literally.

If someone doesn't let you bone them burn them.

No wait this might be a little bit extreme.

We're going off course.

Here we go.

All right one more.

This is Al Unicorn.

Al Unicorn.

This is a guy.

He says since returning from a trip my wife has been distant.

I asked if things were okay and she simply said I don't know.

Yeah that these are people Twittering us their relationship .

140 characters or less.

You can drop the I don't out of that when she says that.

And the answer just go with the no.

Yeah it's over right.

If someone says I don't know then what they really mean is no.

Obviously what's happened to this gentleman is he went on a trip and he came back and his wife seemed distant.

Yeah that's obviously what happened.

Yeah we know that.

We know that much.

Which Twitter right now she is having sex.

But here's what I picture her with who.

Who's she having sex with?

I think role that graduate student we were talking about before.

Oh she could be.

I bet she's having sex.

Some graduate student.

I bet she's having sex with like the guy at Whole Foods like this young checkout dude.

Yeah he's got tribal tattoos and he's kind of cool.

And he has like body odor and she's like he makes her feel young.

Yeah exactly.

Yeah he has no plan whatsoever.

He makes love to her from behind like a wolf.

Like a wolf.

He's got a bike.

He like right.

Yeah he rides his bike everywhere.

But it's not like a 10 speed.

He rides like a banana bike.

Some sort of indie bike.

Yeah yeah.

Yeah it's a bike that.

I don't know that we're ever going to get to the bottom of this.

I feel like I want to bone this guy now.

Yeah really.

Hopefully we helped you out.

I think we're running out of time though so we should wrap it up.

Let's play on the George Martin CD.

The Sean Connery.

This is to wrap it up today.

The Sean Connery track.

This is a Sean Connery singing The Beatles in My Life.

Kind of a sweet note to end.

I want to thank my co-host first of all today.

Rob Hubel.

Thank you Scott for having me.

You can find him at Twitter at Rob Hubel.

I want to thank our special guest Thomas Lennon.

He'll be here at some point.

He's a Twitter at Thomas Lennon.

Can I come back sometime?

Yes please.

Once we figure out what the show is.

I want to figure out what the show is and then really do it for real.

Yeah.

This is like a dresser.

Next time I would like to be the co-host.

Okay and then Rob can just be the special.

And also just to curl up on a ball for how to show in the corner.

And to be real specific here for a second.

Do I have a yeast infection?

Like look at this.

Like what is that?

Yeah no we'll take a look at the thing.

I'm asking you.

No no no.

You have a five alarm.

This is out of how many alarms?

80's out of an alarm?

No that's five for five.

Good news.

Alright this has been Comedy Death Ray Radio.

We're going to be back next week at noon Pacific until one next week.

My guest will be Aziz Ansari from Parks and Rec.

He's on Human Giant before he was on person.

Okay Human Giant as well.

What's Human Giant?

Thanks everyone.

We're going to be back next week.

Let's have a state report.

And here is Sean Connery doing In My Life.

We'll see you next week.

There are places I'll remember all my life.

Though some have changed.

Some forever.

Not for better.

Some have gone and some remain.

All these places have their moments.

With lovers, friends, I still can recall.

Some are dead and some are living.

In My Life.

I've loved them all.

♪♪♪♪ .
