---
layout: page
title: 100. Susanna Hoffs, Matthew Sweet, Rob Huebel, Thomas Lennon, Doug Benson [2514⧸20982].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Comedy Death Ray. Comedy Death Ray. Comedy Death Ray. Comedy Death Ray.

Riddle me this, Biscuit Sticks, it's Comedy Death Ray Radio. Thank you very much for that submission, whoever put that in for a catchphrase. I'm Hot Saucerman, as you know, and by the way, about my catchphrase, big news coming up for those of you who are wondering what is the final fate of What's Up Hot Dog? I, of course, am not saying it anymore. I will not say What's Up Hot Dog on this program at all. You will not hear the words What's Up Hot Dog, but we promise to compile the results of the poll soon. It is coming soon. So, but in the meantime, riddle me this, Biscuit Sticks.

Not bad. Don't mind it. Also, thanks to Rolling Stone for naming us this week one of the 10 best comedy podcasts. We came, thank you very much, we came in at number 10, which to me means ninth loser. You're probably the best one, is really what it probably means. No, actually, they, congrats to our friends over at the podcast for coming in at number one. Paul, of course, is on this show a lot. And no thanks to Spin Magazine for this month for their putting a picture of Akiva from the lonely island where a picture of me should have been. And for everyone who's writing to alert me to it, I know it happened. You don't have to let me know it happened. Akiva even wrote to me to lord it over on me. Whoa, what happened? What happened there? I blanked out for a second.

You said lord and there was a little interference there.

You may be wondering who's talking to me right now. By the way, this is episode 100, AKA episode C, as the Romans would say. The Romans.

Originally, I wasn't going to do anything special for this episode, it was just going to be another one. A lot of people are out of town and this just dropped into my lap and I am so excited by what you're about to hear. Two of my favorite musicians, I'm so excited I can't even say the word musicians. The musicians. Sounds right to me. Two of my favorite musicians are here. They volunteered to perform songs on the episode. Let me introduce them now. Speaking of Rolling Stone, she has appeared on the cover of the magazine. The cover of the Rolling Stone.

You know her as one of the members of the Bangles and lead singer of several of their biggest hits.

As a solo artist, she had a top 40 hit with a single My Side of the Bed. Susanna Hoffs is here.

Hi. Amazing. And recently, Susanna teamed up with our next guest and they released two incredible albums of their versions of 60s and 70s hits under the covers volumes one and two. He is a prolific singer songwriter who broke through in 1991 by releasing one of my favorite albums of all time, Girlfriend. Me too.

20 years this year. 20 years. It's the big celebration this year.

Which Rolling Stone recently called the best power pop album of all time.

Whoa, really? No, really?

RollingStone.com maybe. And they didn't tell me that. That's good.

Matthew Sweet is here. Matthew.

I feel like I'm relevant again hearing that now. I was sitting here thinking, I'll never be as good as you, Susie, as you were on the cover of Rolling Stone.

I was thinking, I'll never be as good as you.

Those hit magazines didn't like me back then.

Well, music seemed to be in a different place with Nirvana and Grunge and everything breaking through. Yeah, and I was kind of over there.

But literally, if you don't have the record Girlfriend, one of my favorite.

That's so great. It's amazing.

Me too. You guys.

So thank you so much for being here. This is an amazing, just serendipitous event that happened.

Post South By.

Yes, we met, Susanne and I met each other at South By. Can we say where?

Yes.

At a Duran Duran concert.

Oh, I thought you were going to say the cool connection, but Duran Duran.

No, no, no. We have a mutual friend that introduced us.

Yes. I went to see Duran Duran and texted my friend, said, hey, come see Duran Duran.

And he texted me back and said, I'm here. And would you like to meet the Bengals?

And I said, but of course I do.

F yeah.

Well, fuck yeah, either one. And he introduced us and you were kind enough to say, well, if you ever need music on your show.

Yeah. I like the comedy. I was blown away.

And then when you suggested Matthew do it with you, it just was a double. And what a great present, certainly to me, but also to the listeners for the 100th show. Thank you so much.

Thank you. We're honored to be part of your 100th show.

Totally.

How did you guys meet? Now, was it on the soundtrack of Buffy the Vampire Slayer?

Kind of.

You know what? Kind of was around that time.

You're so on it, Mr. Offerman.

My friend, Fred Marr produced, who we did did girlfriend with was producing a track, right? Did you do your Buffy track?

Yeah.

And I swear, what I remember is he put me on the phone with her. He was like out working on it with her and he's like, I'm going to put her on the phone with you. She's really nice.

Cause he knew I love the Bengals, you know, and I had their earliest records.

You had the weird solo stuff.

And Susie singing, I'll keep it with mine on the rainy day.

This compilation, this earthly underground thing from 1984.

The era of salvation army and the three o'clock.

Yeah, the three o'clock.

And I did All Be Your Mirror, too.

It was so great. And I always loved her voice. So then I got on the phone with her and we sort of met, I guess, that way. And then- We met in New York at the studio when I was recording that.

Really?

Yeah. You came down.

And you're recording the Oingo Boingo classic, We Close Our Eyes.

Exactly. Our buddies, Oingo Boingo, we used to be part of that scene in L.A. in the way, way early eighties.

A lot of people don't know this, but the person who does the theme song at the end of this show was a member of Oingo Boingo, Warren Fitzgerald, the ear-wolf theme on all of our shows.

He was a member.

I've been seeing Oingo Boingo in some funny movie lately. What is it?

Let me guess, Back to School.

Back to School. I love Rodney Dangerfield. I saw that when it came out, but it's been on a couple of times recently. I sort of keep the TV just always kind of going with either brutal political news or just movies. Usually, I can't- You were saying that you watch a lot of comedy movies over and over?

I do. But that's more like a psychotic thing. That's like, you know, I think back and I'm sure it was from other things. I really loved that movie Three O'Clock High, which also was on the show recently.

Oh, yeah. Loved it.

It was really good.

Phil Schiwanu.

That one really- What, am I right about that?

Yeah, Rattle and Hum director.

Yes. Yeah.

It's really good, I think.

And Boyfriend of Polly Ringwell.

That was maybe one of my real fixation movies when I was a teenager. And then when Half Baked came out, a really good friend of mine and I just became really obsessed with Half Baked. We just sort of learned every little nuance of it. And the other movies that are like that, well, there's like Super Troopers is just so super great. I can't stand it. And in a good way- Is that like the Abba related?

It's so funny. It's about just these cops.

Yeah, it should be. What if they just played Super Trooper all throughout that movie?

I love that. I think it's such a cool lyric, isn't it?

But, you know, all the movies, the Kids in the Hall movie, Run, Ronnie, Run, I love, you know?

Yeah.

I love it far more than I do.

And yeah, but you had to, I understand that. I just, I don't know how anyone makes a movie and just doesn't want to just die afterwards. Exactly. It doesn't have their whole heart ripped out.

I felt so depressed when I realized I'd seen it more than any movie in history.

Oh, God.

Because of how many times I had to see it.

In the editing room, right?

That's kind of what happens with music.

Well, not that we were allowed in the editing room, just seeing all the cuts.

Were you banned from the editing room?

Yes. Well, the trouble with that movie is well documented.

Really?

But yeah, when I realized that I'd seen that movie more than any other movie, I just like wanted to kill myself.

I've probably seen it almost as much as any other movie. What year is that?

Uh, we made it in 2000. I think it may have come out on DVD in 2002. I'm not really sure.

I think I had a- We went to Sundance in 2001.

I think I had a, you know, an illicit VHS or something before it came out.

Did you really?

Yeah, you probably did.

Somehow I got it.

And Brain Candy, you were saying?

Brain Candy, I did the theme song for.

Oh, that's right. You're on the soundtrack to that.

And, uh, those guys, I would always see the kids in the hall up in Canada when I was touring.

Yeah.

And they would just come to like the backstage and just get so drunk and crazy.

One time they- They were sort of the replacements of comedy.

They were crazy up there. I remember- Not the replacements to comedy.

No, no, no. Do you remember the replacements?

Yes, Paul Westerberg's.

Yes, of course.

Yeah, they were notoriously drunken.

Yes, they were quite drunk. Um, and, but these guys in kids in the hall, they would really hit it with like the, the beer that was it called? Like ice or something?

They have like more, more alcohol.

It's like worse than, you know- Yeah.

Like Budweiser ice?

Or, I don't know, it was something that was, that's probably not what it is.

I'm probably just grabbing that. Um, but- It's like super alcoholic.

Some kind of heavy alcohol beer and got so crazy and they got me so drunk and we were in the hotel room of that, that cool old hotel there.

Where, in Toronto?

Yeah, it's like the King something.

Oh yeah, yeah, I know.

It's like where the Beatles would stay or something, like this cool place.

I know, I stay there with the Beatles.

And I happened to be staying there and they came over and not only did they drink everything in the mini bar, I don't know who drank it. I don't even know what happened really.

I'm guessing Foley.

But they also, I had them all, I started somebody signing my guitar and they all just drew all over it with this crazy like chicken lady claws and you're a great road fuck, like all these crazy things on it. And, uh, so that always reminds me of them. But, uh, the next morning, which was like two hours later, I get a knock on the door and they put the thing on the door with the, like a giant order for like room service for like breakfast with like everything they had.

They were worrying about you, they were thinking about you.

No, they were being crazy. But later on, I kind of knew them here, you know, like, uh, Dave Foley and a lot of them were living here.

Good friends with Mike Myers.

Yeah, exactly. I saw him a lot kind of during that time when we were getting to know each other even better.

So now how, how did you guys end up working together on these records? These, these amazing records, uh, under the covers, volumes one and two, um, how, how, how did that come about? I mean, first of all, just, uh, as far as what I can tell, you have very kind of pleasing voices or voices that sound very pleasing together, kind of similar tones in a way.

Yeah, we didn't really know that, but we kind of, it was really this guy, Sean Amos that he's actually famous Amos's son. He's a great, great guy and a good musician.

And he, uh, guy, he kind of had an idea, like, why don't you guys do something together?

So we went and had this meeting because she already was talking kind of them about doing something.

A shout factory.

That shout factory.

It's what Rhino turned into Rhino records.

They put out a lot of comedy DVDs.

And cool stuff from the sixties. Yeah.

So they, we went and had a meeting and I was like, I just remember being kind of nasty at that meeting. I don't know why, but we were talking, cause I'm like, I want to make a Susanna Hoffs record of original music, you know, and they're like, how about a covers album together? And we were sort of like, ah, I don't know. And then it was kind of like, we really wanted to do something and they really wanted us to do it. And so we're like, yeah, let's do it.

And we were really glad we did it. It was like, fuck it. Yeah.

You didn't say F. Yeah. And then the party started.

Yeah.

And it never let up.

It just never stops.

We're even going to do the eighties.

We're doing the eighties.

Are you doing the eighties? Oh, I was going to ask.

Do you have any ideas?

For an exponentially lower fee from where we started it.

I mean, I think you have to put in Bat Dance from 1989, my favorite song of all time.

We don't know that song.

Oh, Prince's Bat Dance from the Batman soundtrack.

I don't know that. I know a lot of Prince songs.

As listeners know, that is my favorite song of all time.

Really?

Just a beautiful haunting melody.

We didn't even remember to do Prince.

We did, but you know what? I listened to stuff and it just wasn't.

Yeah, it's not, I don't know.

Sometimes it's like, how do you make it matter that you covered it?

We have a little running list.

Maybe a Smithereen song or.

Well, we've got like REM.

No, but there's that really great Smithereen song that I keep.

Blood and.

Behind the Wall of Sleep.

No, it's a memory one.

Only a memory.

Yeah, that's pretty cool.

There's so many things.

I like those weird chords. I like that.

Yeah.

What else do we have?

Maybe 2020 or is that 70s?

No, no, no, that's probably 80s.

Love it, but.

We've got a lot of cool ones.

I was going to try to get her to do a bongos song with me.

The DBs, Big Brown Eyes.

Yeah, we've got some cool ones.

Squeeze.

DBs do one of my favorite Christmas songs of all time.

That Christmas record that they do.

I never heard it.

It's, I couldn't sing it for you because I'm embarrassed to sing in front of you, but.

You were just singing.

I was doing impression of Pat Denuzio, is that how you pronounce his name?

That's such a good name, Pat Denuzio.

They have a new album, just came out this week.

So the 80s are coming out, but right now everyone can pick up the 60s, which is volume one, and the 70s, which is volume two.

I hope that you keep going and put them out every decade.

Oh, I think that's good.

The 90s, because the 2000s are all, we were already past them.

They're already over.

We already could make two more after 80s.

Please.

Oh yeah, two more after 80s, yeah.

Okay, so now you guys are, you're going to play songs from both records?

Yeah, mostly the 60s one.

Mostly the 60s one for the entire show.

And thank you so much for being here.

This is quite a treat for me.

And so you'll be playing during the song breaks, instead of the normal terrible comedy songs we usually play.

I thought they were pretty fun.

So thank you so much.

Okay, so for my other guests on the show, I thought long and hard about who I should have.

You know, who in the storied history of comedy death ray radio should be the guests on the 100th episode.

And then I realized something, everyone always wants to redo their first show.

You know, everyone listens to their first show back and they say, oh, I wish I could redo that one.

I was so stiff.

I was so unnatural.

So I thought, you know what, why don't I do that with this episode and have the very first guests I ever had on the show, back on the show today.

And so that's what we're going to do.

So with me today, my special co-host, you know him from MTV's Human Giant.

He played the bad guy in the film, I Love You Man.

Bad guy.

There's no bad guy.

Well, he played the man with a different point of view than the protagonist.

No, I was just, I was tan.

Okay.

Oh, he played the tan guy, pardon me.

And you can see him on Children's Hospital, is that correct?

Yep.

Playing another bad guy, or tan?

Pretty pale?

Uh, yeah, pale.

Pretty pale in this one.

Welcome, Rob Hubel.

Thank you.

Thank you for having me, Scott Aukerman.

This is, yeah, this is exciting.

This is so exciting.

Yeah.

I just want to get right to the point though, like what is this show about?

Is the show just, is it going to be funny or are we going to talk about stuff that is funny?

No, yeah, the show is deadly, deadly dry.

We just explain like why.

Yeah, yeah, we explain why something is funny.

We're just going to deconstruct.

Yeah, yeah, that's all it is.

That's all we're really going to do.

Oh, and now I mentioned you, you were part of Human Giant, correct?

You're one third of Human Giant or you're one fifth.

I don't know how you guys did.

Yeah, I'm pretty much just a third.

Does Aziz get more or?

Yeah, Aziz gets more.

It's done by height.

So I am, I'm four thirds.

Um, no, yeah, I, uh, we, we do that show and, um, yeah, it's really fun.

Are you still doing the show?

Number one question you get, right?

Yeah, people always ask us that. Um, I think we'll probably do some more stuff right now.

We're all just kind of doing different things, you know, like, um, you know, we're working on a movie script and stuff like that.

So yeah, it's good.

You know, everybody's doing different stuff.

So sure.

I mean, that's what happens to bands all the time.

They do different things.

We all have solo projects.

And they always get back together.

Yeah, we're, yeah, we have solo projects and we're all going to get addicted to heroin.

How's that going?

It's going great.

Um, you know, uh, it's, it's way easier to get addicted to heroin than I thought.

Really?

Yeah. Yeah. Cause I didn't know about it, but, uh, what I didn't anticipate is that it's so much fun.

It really is.

Oh yeah. It's like really, really fun.

If, uh, if you haven't, if you're out there and you haven't tried heroin, by the way, if there's one message that we can impart to you, pick it up.

I mean, it's a great, uh, it's a great habit to try.

I'm not sure we should be, you know, uh, spreading the word about heroin.

I feel like people might've already heard about that.

A little bit later, we're, uh, we're going to have my special guest is going to be joining us.

Wait, am I, am I the special guest?

No, you're the special co-host.

Oh, I'm the co-host, but, uh, but we have a special guest.

Yeah.

All right. Well, I'm, you know, I'm looking at him right now. I mean, I see him.

No, he is here. I didn't want to actually say that. He is here from Reno 911.

Am I pretending that I'm here or not?

No, you're pretending like you're not here at this point.

Oh, okay.

Okay. So we'll just cheese.

Shh, shh, shh, shh.

No, no, we're going to tease you. Okay. So from Reno 911, uh, also from I Love You Man.

Hey, Scott.

Yes.

Uh, real quick timeout, we try not to say 9-11 when we say the name of the show.

Really?

Right.

Why, why, why is that?

Well, you don't, you don't call it Reno 911.

No, we try not to invoke the worst tragedy basically in the history of the United States.

Oh, okay.

I don't know, Pearl Harbor death count is it higher? No, you know, I don't think so.

No, I don't think so.

No, you know what we usually say is Reno 911.

Reno September 11th. Oh, I get it. Yeah.

Right. Well, see, now what Rob just did was exactly what we try not to do, which is that we- Oh, I see where you're going with this.

Like, so we try not to invoke, say, like, Osama 9-1-1. Like that would, wait, what did I just say?

Hang on a second. Reno 9-1-1 in no way related to the greatest human tragedy that ever, American tragedy ever happened.

Uh, when you created the show, did you actually think of calling it Reno Pearl Harbor?

Yeah, we did. Uh, but we felt like, like, that one was just a little bit from Grandma's Attic, you know?

Yeah, it was confusing, yeah.

Yeah, it was, the tragedy was just a little too old-timey.

Yeah.

Have we even finished his introduction yet? Did we say it's Tom Lennon?

Oh no, it's Tom Lennon, that's true. Hey, welcome to the show, guys.

Oh, thanks.

Thank you so much for being here.

It's great to be here.

Really great.

100 Show, you guys were on the first one. Do you remember what it was like back then?

You know, I wish I could remember, you know, it'd be neat if we could remember, like, what we said exactly.

I remember saying we will never have a black president. I remember saying that.

Oh, you were really adamant about that.

I believe he actually was in office at the time.

I was trying to get you guys to come over and fix my VCR.

Maybe not.

I remember that. Uh, you were, that was, jeez, was that my first marriage?

I think you're still on your first marriage.

Just a matter of fact.

I'm not arguing that, Scott. I'm not arguing that. I'm not arguing that. I just said, at the time of the first Comedy Death Ray podcast, I was still on my first marriage.

But we will never remember what we said back then.

Nope. And there's no way to look it up.

There's no way to look up what we said and then recite it, like we said it.

No, there is no way to do that.

If we could do that, that would be amazing. But that would be amazing.

That would be amazing.

Some kind of technology, yeah.

Or an intern, and I don't think we have either technology or an intern on this program that I've ever seen, as I recently asked. One, oh my God, it smells so bad in here.

It does smell bad in here.

We have musicians in here.

It smells like someone, someone ate like a turd.

Yeah.

Or, or someone rolled, rolled a poop into some sort of poop joint.

We have musicians here and one of them may be smoking the poop joint that we're talking about right now in the corner.

I've got some really good shit. It was literally just feces.

It was just human feces.

Put that away. All right, guys, so thank you so much for joining me.

Thank you for having us. A lot has changed since this episode.

A lot has changed.

We're going to have you on the entire show, but why don't we do a song first and then we'll come back and really get into it, okay?

I don't have a song. I didn't write a song.

Oh, no, no, no. These guys are going to do it.

Great.

Okay, so you guys ready?

Sure.

Yeah.

Susanna, Matthew, and what's the first one that you have here?

Oh, George Harrison, Beatles.

You want to start with that?

Yeah.

Okay, here comes the sun.

Oh, beautiful. What an amazing song to start with.

Okay, this is Susanna Hoffs and Matthew Sweets, Comedy Death Ray.

Here comes the sun. Here comes the sun. I say it's all right.

Little darling, it's been a long, long, lonely winter.

Little darling, it feels like years since it's been here.

Here comes the sun. Here comes the sun. I say it's all right.

All right.

Little darling, the smiles are turning to the faces.

Little darling, it seems like years since it's been here.

Here comes the sun. Here comes the sun. I say it's all right.

Little darling, sun, sun, sun, here it comes.

Sun, sun, sun, here it comes.

Little darling, I feel that ice is slowly melting Little darling, it seems like years since it's been clear Here comes the sun, da-da-da-da Here comes the sun, I say, it's alright Here comes the sun, da-da-da-da Here comes the sun, I say, it's alright Here comes the sun, I say, it's alright I can't wait for episode M Little darling, it seems like years since it's been clear Little darling, it seems like years since it's been clear Here comes the sun, da-da-da-da Here comes the sun, I say, it's alright Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Big ol' titties Wasn't she the Coppertone girl?

She was the Coppertone baby.

Was she?

Was she, really?

Let's get her in here.

Yeah, you know when the dog pulls down the pants?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know.

Hold on, I want to explain the image.

Keep describing it.

It's a dog slowly pulling down.

Just very sexy, just going, and then just like, of a very, very little girl.

Pulling down the panties of a, like a five-year-old girl.

It's really weird.

It's so upsetting.

He gets his doggie tongue up in there a little bit.

Oh.

I'm just saying.

One step over the line.

All right, let's go to, speaking of one step over the line in that great song.

No, no, no, no.

Let's do another song.

All right, Susanna, Matthew, you all set?

You ready in the back there?

Yes.

Okay, make your way to the mics, the microphones.

Neil Young.

You're going to do some Neil Young now?

Yes.

We've done lots of Neil Young.

Oh, fantastic.

We love Neil.

All right, here they go.

This is Matthew Sweets, Susanna Hoffs, Indie 103-1.

We are on Indie 103-1, but this is also, I'm so used to saying that.

This is the hundredth episode.

100th.

Here we go.

One, two, three, four.

I want to live with a cinnamon girl.

I could be happy the rest of my life with a cinnamon girl.

The dreamer of pictures I run in the night to see us together, chasing the moonlight, my cinnamon girl.

I want to live with a cinnamon girl.

The dreamer of pictures I run in the night to see us together, chasing the moonlight, my cinnamon girl.

Neil Young, wow, I mean, that's not Neil Young doing it obviously, but Susanna, Matthew, thank you so much.

This is Comedy Death Ray.

I'm Hot Saucerman, and we're here with our guests, Rob Hubel and Tom Lennon, Thomas Lennon.

Should we go to the phones now?

Yeah.

We don't have phones right now.

What's this lighting up?

There's something lighting up.

You know what is lighting up is it's time for a feature on the show.

When I asked people on Twitter what feature they'd like to see, this got an overwhelming amount of votes.

This is a little feature that we like to call, Who Said It?

It's a really long intro.

Said it.

Okay.

So this is who said it.

That was a long intro.

So long.

All right.

So I will say these quotes.

We're going to go one at a time.

How much are you charging out for this show, by the way?

Zero dollars.

Zero dollars?

Oh my God.

This thing is a goddamn.

Money loser.

You know what?

I'm just thinking about just the hours that I've put in.

I know.

We should be compensated for this somehow.

Oh my God.

Now you're giving away your old state sketches?

Or something like that.

It'll be the equivalent.

Something neat.

The equivalent of a Dick Bruiser with state sketches.

Here we go.

All right.

So we'll start with Rob.

You'll get a point for each one that you get correctly.

All right.

So we start off a little bit easier.

Rob, first quote, four score and seven years ago.

Who said it?

Real answer?

Yes.

I think that was Anthony Kiedis from the Red Hot Chili Peppers.

No, no, no, no.

Don't make a bid out of this.

This is not a bid.

This is a game.

That was Abraham Lincoln.

Abraham Lincoln.

You get a point.

Yes.

Very good.

Played by Anthony Kiedis.

In an upcoming movie.

All right.

Tom scores one to nothing.

Here we go.

Ready?

Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man wealthy and wise.

B. Franklin.

Oh, amazing.

I don't think I would have known exactly who said that.

Fuck yeah.

Let's go.

I didn't know that.

I did not know that.

Did you not know that?

A point of peace.

From Poor Richard's Almanac.

Isn't that one of the wonderful quotes from Poor Richard's- What a strange title for a book.

Poor Richard's- Poor Richard's- Almanac.

Isn't that what Ben Franklin's thing was called?

Yeah, it was.

Yeah.

But why call your thing that?

It's a very bizarre title.

You want to hear something really true about Ben Franklin that's not a joke?

Of course I do.

He got a lot of pussy when he was in France.

He did.

Did you say anything about Ben Franklin?

He's not a good looking guy though.

No, but he- so what?

He had charisma.

Well yeah, he created the bifocals.

There were all sorts of like- Yeah, charisma.

He created lightning.

The minute he- One, he invented lightning and bitches were like, he's like, hey, I invented light- one, I invented lightning.

And I figured out a way to shoot it out of my dick.

Boom.

Want to find out about it?

And the minute he invented bifocals, his pussy dried up because women put him on and were able to see him.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

You're fucking, you're an hideous old troll.

All right, here we go.

Here's Thomas Jefferson right now.

All right, next quote, Rob.

This is for you.

Okay.

Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got.

I'm still Jenny from the block.

Jennifer Lopez.

No, that is the thing.

What?

And the block is of course Yancey Street.

So sorry you did not get that right.

All right, here we go.

We turn to Tom Lennon.

All right.

Fuck.

I have found the paradox.

If you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.

Ben Franklin?

Is that Ben Franklin again?

No, I'm sorry.

That is Tiger Woods.

Tiger Woods said that.

Did he say, wait a second, did he say I've found the paradox or I've found an unbelievably skanky twats?

They rhyme.

He said, I've found some skanky twats is what he actually said.

I think you were misquoted.

I may have misheard that.

What he said, what he said.

You guys know he's a great friend of mine, right?

Oh, I'm so sorry.

I just don't like it when people will take shots at him because he's a good, good friend of mine.

If I believe if I'm quoting correctly, Tiger Woods, the actual quote is, I have found some skanky twats in the Kissimmee, St. Cloud area.

That is the actual quote.

Well, I'm sorry, Tom.

You do not get a point.

Okay.

Real or fake.

Okay.

But look it up because I'm pretty sure I'm right.

We're still tied one to one.

All right.

Rob, we come over to you.

Here we are.

Will these be getting harder as they go along?

Yeah, much harder.

Okay.

Here we go.

How close are you and Tiger Woods?

Real close.

We're going to open a theme restaurant together called Hooters.

Hey.

But then- Hey, that's my idea.

All right.

Here we go, Rob.

Yeah.

If it's yellow, let it mellow.

Yeah.

If it's brown, flush it down.

Well, I know for a fact that that was the drummer from the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Chad- Ooh.

Can you remember his last name?

Chad.

Chad Smith.

The guy looks exactly like Will Ferrell.

Yeah, he looks exactly like Will Ferrell.

Exactly.

I don't know why they- He looks exactly like Will Ferrell.

With a mullet.

Yeah.

Here's Rihanna talking about Chris Brown.

If it's brown, flush it down.

If it's yellow, let it- Yeah.

Sorry.

How would she say that?

All right, Tom.

Yeah.

We're still tied up.

You can take the lead here.

Famous quote.

Yeah.

I'm going to take my talents to South Beach.

It's either George Washington Carver or Shnooki.

Am I right?

I don't think you're pronouncing Shnooki, right?

Yeah, I am.

Shnooki.

You're pronouncing it like an old Jewish lady.

I am.

Shnooki.

I saw a Shnooki at the beach.

Never mind.

Unfortunately, you did not get it right.

That is- It's not Shnooki.

That is Andrew Kunanan, assassin of Gianni Versace.

Oh.

Yeah.

He decided to take his- Wow, that was really, really, really dark.

What did he say again?

What was his- I'm going to take my talents to South Beach.

Yeah.

All right, Rob.

Here we go.

Ready to take the lead?

Am I winning right now?

What's the score?

It's one to one.

Okay.

Famous quote.

Can I say something real quick?

Yes, please.

I just wanted to show you this.

I wanted the listeners to look at... This is a picture that I wanted to show you.

This is a picture I took with Anthony Kiedis over the weekend.

I met him out in Santa Monica, and we were hanging out on the beach, and I think it's a great picture.

You see, we got our arms around each other.

That is a good picture.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

He's still ripped.

Yeah, he's totally ripped.

He's still really ripped.

So are you, too.

Thanks.

And you have your shirt off.

Yeah.

Fuck, you're exploding those larval sunburn.

Look at that.

Okay, here we go, ready to take the lead.

That is a great picture, though.

Famous quote.

Yeah.

A million dollars isn't cool.

You know what's cool?

Yeah.

Hitting a jukebox and making it play a song.

Okay.

Well, it sounded like it was going to be Justin Timberlake in the movie Social Network.

Playing Sean Parker.

But I think it's actually Fonzie.

You are correct.

Arthur Herbert Fonzarelli said that.

And that is the real person's name.

Yes.

That is a living person.

You've taken the lead.

Two to one.

You ready to tie it up?

Yeah.

What are we playing for?

Are we playing for charity?

Yeah, of course.

We're playing for those state sketches.

I'm not going to give a ton of state sketches, but I might give you one.

Really good one.

Okay.

Tom, here you go.

This is your last chance to tie it up.

This is it.

Ready?

All right.

Famous, famous quote.

Yep.

Okay.

I found out that I suck at what I originally thought I was good at, writing and directing movies.

I'm retiring from that, and now I'm going to make a career out of something else I completely suck at.

Oh boy, I am literally not good at a single thing except for wearing trench coats and getting fat.

That's tough.

You're really throwing me there.

That's tough.

That's a tough one.

That is a tough one.

Is it...

The only person I can think of who wears trench coats is Rorschach from The Watchmen.

It's not Rorschach, is it?

No, he didn't direct any films.

Probably not.

No.

It's Orson Welles.

Oh.

It's a famous quote that Orson Welles said.

Really?

Yeah.

He loved trench coats.

Did he?

Yeah.

He said, I suck at making movies.

Oh yeah.

Really?

They were all taken away from him.

The Magnificent Ambersons.

Have you seen The Magnificent Ambersons?

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

They were all disasters after Citizen Kane, but...

Wow.

So sorry.

Rob is our winner, and that is how you play...

Who Said It?

All right.

That's it.

Congratulations, Rob.

Thanks a lot.

Tell you what, let's go to another song.

Hey, Rob.

Should we take some calls?

Even as a loser, way to go.

Thank you.

Can we take some calls?

Let's take some calls.

Just to show...

Let's listen to songs.

Like a lesser man would be mad about this or something like that.

You know what I said?

Don't be mad.

What do you...

My hat goes off to you.

Don't be mad.

As my friend and neighbor, which you are.

Wow, I didn't realize when you take off your hat, you're completely bald now.

Yeah.

I had no idea.

Me?

Oh yeah, yeah.

You're like Dwight Yoakam.

So you wear a piece in all your movies.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh my God.

You didn't know that?

I had no idea.

And we also see each other socially a lot.

That's why you wear that pork pie hat everywhere.

Oh my God.

Put your fucking teeth back in your mouth.

Whose teeth are they?

These I got.

They're Pete Rose.

I got them at...

There's like a sports memorabilia place in Vegas.

Hmm.

And they're like, hey, Pete Rose's teeth.

Can I tell a quick anecdote?

I'm like, fuck it.

I got that kind of money.

Tell it when we come back.

We're going to do another song.

You guys ready?

Susanna, Matthew, all set?

Yes.

Here we go.

Yes.

So what's next?

More Neil Young.

More Neil.

Can't get enough of that guy.

Should I just hear what you're going to talk about?

Yeah.

Okay.

Just check it out.

All right.

Here we go.

This is Susanna Hoff's Matthew Sweet, Comedy Death Ray.

I think I'd like to go back home and take it easy.

There's a woman that I'd like to get to know, living there.

I think I'd like to go back home and take it easy.

There's a woman that I'd like to get to know, living there.

I think I'd like to go back home and take it easy.

There's a woman that I'd like to get to know, living there.

Everybody seems to wonder what it's like down here.

I've got to get away from this day to day running around.

Everybody knows this is nowhere.

La la la, la la la la la.

Everybody, everybody knows.

La la la, la la la la la.

Every time I think about back home, it's cool and breezy.

I wish that I could be there right now, just passing time.

Everybody seems to wonder what it's like down here.

I've got to get away from this day to day running around.

Everybody knows this is nowhere.

La la la, la la la la la.

Everybody, everybody knows.

La la la, la la la la.

Everybody, everybody knows Love, love, love, love, love Wow, amazing. That was so beautiful. I'm so glad you guys are here.

This is Comedy Death Ray Radio. I'm Hot Saucerman and I'm here with Rob Hubel and Tom Lennon.

You wanted to tell a quick anecdote. This is just a quick neighborhood story. Tom and I live by each other. I can see Rob's place out of my window pretty much. I don't know if he knows that. When you say place, what exactly do you mean? His place. I don't want to get too specific about where he lives in case he's got it. I live in an aquarium. No, but I was outside with my neighbor who was like about 80 years old, a very nice gentleman, and we were talking and Tom pulled up in his car and my neighbor doesn't know who Tom is. He's not a hip comedy guy.

And Tom rolled down his window very slowly and he said, and I acted like I didn't know who Tom was, and Tom goes, hey, do either of you gentlemen want to make $100 the hard way?

And I just stood there and I didn't say anything. I just let it be weird. And then he just peeled out and took off. And my neighbor was like, what in the world? It was the greatest. I believe I actually said, do you guys party? It was the first thing that I said. Here's the thing. When I see my friend, Rob Hubel standing on the street with a 90 year old man, literally this is like, oh my God, I'm like, this is like me. This is like, I found a hundred dollar bill on the ground. I'm so happy because I'm about to say something to confuse this dude. I hang out with a lot of old guys because I like to listen to their dumb fucking stories about dumb fucking old shit that no one cares about. I did that to Jimmy Pardo once. I happened to see him at five in the morning.

I was coming back from a hard night of drinking and I saw him at five in the morning in the valley.

I couldn't believe it. Just randomly, yeah. And so I screeched the car. There's no one else on the streets. I seen him walking down the sidewalk. I screeched the car to a halt and I rolled down the window and I go, get in the fucking car. He freaked the fuck out so bad. And then I was like, no, it's just me. And he gave him a heart attack. It was so nice. Oh, it's great to run into people and they don't expect it. I love running into people. Just literally with your car. The only better is observing people when they can't see you. That's pretty fun once in a while too.

With your pants down. What I like to do when I see someone and they don't know that I see them, I call them and then you can see them ignore you.

And I violently shake their head.

And you can see them go, oh, I'm not taking this call.

And stuff their phone back into their pocket.

They just go pfft. Yeah, they look at the screen and go pfft.

Yeah.

Hey guys, I had one idea, which is in our first show, the one other thing we did, which I called and asked if he could do it, is we had Doug Benson call up on the show. So I asked if he wouldn't mind calling in and we're going to go to the phones now. And apparently he's here. So Doug, he has his own podcast called Doug Loves Movies and he's here to do a Doug Loves Movies report. So let's do it. Doug, are you here? Thanks, Scott. Hey everybody. My name is Doug and I love movies. But you knew that, right? I'm here with some eight weird, eight words, eight words are left. Movie reviews that I used to do on Comedy Death Raid. People loved it.

They didn't really care. All right, I'll save my review and then I'll do some reviews by some people on Twitter. Arthur, the economy is perfect for another rich asshole movie.

Is that even enough? The economy is perfect for another rich asshole movie. Oh, okay.

Eight words are left. Perfect. Let's see what other people are saying. Stuck between bad and pretty shitty. Rocket FTC came up with that. Joe B one, Joe B one, he wrote, so drunk, he runs away from Jennifer Garner. I have to agree with that. I have to be pretty drunk. This might be the best one. Minor, Mike, minor. M-I-N-E-R, Mike, M-I-N-E-R wrote, no more.

M-O-O-R-E. All right, moving on. Hannah, my eight words are left for you. Nikita called, but she didn't leave a message. Let's see what some Twitterers had to say. Snap the Jap says, she's almost as tough as her sisters. So Hannah and her sisters, reference. I like it.

Eric Worley wrote, Hannah, hit girl in the woods. I love hit girl, so any reference to her is good.

Okay, Soul Surfer. It inspired me to not swim with sharks. That's my review. Mike D Luciano says, Dennis Quaid's best shark movie since Jaws 3D. Can't argue with that. And what else? Is that the only one I have for that? There's a lot of like one hand clapping. Oh, Zachary Lee writes, 127 hours for pussies slash people with pussies. Maybe I said that one wrong. And V Dudley Life wrote about Arthur. Russell Brand takes a big English dump. And finally, here's my review of Your Highness. I want to smoke some of that medieval medical marijuana, man. Back to you, Scott.

Doug loves movies. Okay, thank you so much, Doug. And why don't we go to a song? You guys want to hear another song? Matthew, Susanna? Yeah, I'm always ready. What do you have on tap for us here?

Oh, Big Star. Big Star. The beloved Big Star. Late Alex Chilton. One of my favorites. Here we go.

This is Matthew Sweet, Susanna Hoff, Swift, Big Star, Comedy Death Ray.

Oh, I can't find a way in. I'll go on and on with you. I'd like to fall in love with you. I love you too.

Oh, baby, I'm too afraid. I just don't know. It's okay trying to get away.

Everything, why don't you take me home? It's gone too far inside this car. I know I'll feel a whole lot more when I get alone.

Oh, I'll go on and on with you. I'd like to fall in love with you. I love you too.

Whoa, whoa, whoa. Sitting in the back of a car. Music's so loud. Can't tell a thing. Thinking about what to say.

I can't find the lines. Fantastic. Big Star. Tom, Rob, you Big Star fans.

That's music right there. That's what I call music.

That is amazing. I'm so glad they're here. So now, Rob, I checked my email. Not Rob, Tom.

Yeah.

I do want to tell you both. Rob, I checked my email.

It was interesting because you were looking at me and saying Rob.

Tom, I also checked my email.

Yeah.

Rob, I did as well. And yeah, Lil Gary sent me a little something.

Oh, dear.

He sent me an attachment.

Well, you know, he's not my cup of tea.

No.

Is it a big file?

As Andy Kindler said, he makes you hate tea.

Yeah. What size of the file is it?

It's a rather large one.

Ooh.

So either the audio quality is going to be crystal clear or it's a really long song.

Well, he's still down on Ciudad Juarez.

Where is that?

Ciudad Juarez is... You know when the guy got his face sewn off, cut off and sewn onto a soccer ball with the drug cartels? That's where he lives.

Oh, yeah. What happened to the guy?

Most of the time. Some dude, some guy, like the mayor or reporter, some nosy Parker, somebody was sticking their nose where it didn't belong with the drug cartels.

What did he do to him?

His face, cut off of his face and sewn onto a soccer ball and then it was left on the steps of like City Hall.

So did he live? Is he walking around without a face and there's a cool soccer ball out there the kids are having fun with? Let's look that up.

I'd like to find out the...

I think he's fine.

Yeah, he's probably fine.

I think, you know, without doing much research into it, I think he's fine.

He's probably good.

So now, Tom, what do you think this song is? Do you think it's...

I honestly don't know.

Some sort of celebration of the 100th episode?

We're not close. Honestly, you're closer to him than me because as you know, it's not my thing.

All right. Well, I guess should we...

Let's listen to it.

Let's listen to it if you want.

Yeah, okay. So here we go.

I might go have a smoke and I'll come back.

All right. So let me tell the listeners, go ahead, have a smoke.

Come back in, it looks to be about three minutes or so.

Here we go, Little Gary.

To go, did he fit in with you?

So take hold of your knob, let it go off your feet.

This comedy death guy, for the first hundred years.

A hundred years have passed, of the comedy death guy way.

Oh, the show made us laugh, the podcast of the sky.

And now the end's shown him.

You will never be alone.

Goodbye, Scott of command.

You were always a friend.

So take hold of your knob.

Pop champagne, tab and beer.

To the podcast we love.

For the first hundred years.

He filled us with laughter.

He put cake in our face.

Twinking cans into gold.

And he filled us with shit.

So take hold of your knob.

And let go of your feet.

The comedy death guy, it's the first hundred years.

Wow, Little Gary.

I didn't like that.

It's not my thing.

I didn't like it either.

Can I just clarify, was he saying a hundred years of the show?

I think, yeah, he got very confused by that.

You know that's obviously very inaccurate.

We're talking about like a year.

I couldn't understand the lyrics.

He said a hundred years and another hundred years.

Did he put cake, someone's put, you put cake in people's face?

I think so, yeah.

And take hold of our knobs.

He means the radio knob.

He knows it's not on their actual radio.

No, we are on Indy 103-1 still, so.

Right, which is not on the actual radio.

Not on the actual radio, you're right.

I think I was right, I believe I was right the first time.

Yeah, apps don't have knobs.

Last time I checked.

They should.

Unless there's an app called knobs, which I bet will be boogers.

Hold on, we just came up with a million dollar idea.

Million dollar idea.

Nobs.com, do you think knobs.com is taken?

Can somebody start typing?

Engineer, don't get the fuck on me.

Why are we still talking?

Guys, that...

Yeah, knobs.com is just dudes jerking off.

I'm looking at it right now.

Oh, oh my God, but these are some pretty solid knobs.

Yeah, yeah, I mean they're good knobs, but it is what it is.

I mean they're high quality knobs, high quality penises.

You would hope, you would hope.

It's like why register the domain name if you don't have some buddies with some really monster knobs.

Guys, we only have time for one more segment on the show.

I know that you guys gotta go, everyone has to go.

We just have time for one and I'm so glad we were able to fit it in.

It's a little something we call plugs.

Let me tell you the tale of Scott Ackerman, who's brought you plugs.

They've played would you rather and had witty banter.

So now come pay money to see them.

Yeah, let the clapping commence.

You should get longer intros.

It'd be great.

I don't think this one's over actually, hold on.

That's all recorded clapping.

Is there a minimum time that podcasts have to be on iTunes?

Yeah, we always try to get the minimum.

Because you find that the longer the intros...

God, I feel like sometimes the intros are just, there's a little bit of padding in some of the intros.

Honestly, I'm glad you said it because that's the only reason I do it.

To me, the two things I like least about the show are, number one.

Little Gary.

I don't know what is up with that guy.

Thank you for helping out my mom's side of the family with that.

I mean, I try to do what I can for you, but boy.

Jesus.

And then the intros are number two.

What is up?

I know what you mean.

But we gotta...

Wait, we're plugging stuff?

We gotta fill out time.

So this is...

By the way, that was Matt Harbert.

Sorry, Matt Harbert.

Thank you so much for sending that in.

If you have a plugs theme, put it on our Facebook page on the appropriate thread.

I would say keep them short.

Yeah, I enjoyed it.

I like that.

Think about...

Just because you guys gotta go, your time is on your mind.

Under two minutes is a good intro length.

What do you have to plug, Rob?

What do you got?

I wanna plug my restaurant chain.

Big old...

Bring out.

Yeah.

And then we're doing a spinoff restaurant called Dick Burz's.

And that opens in the spring.

I'm working on an album with Tiger Woods.

You know he's a good friend of mine, so tell him I said hello.

Yeah, I certainly shall.

I certainly shall.

You gonna buy more hats in the future?

Well, yeah, look.

Isn't that weird?

It's weird, isn't it?

That is a good looking hat.

Hey, but it's gonna be great for the CDR sunburn contest.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, you can get some on the bald page of your head.

Have we gotten any yet?

Yeah.

Has anyone sent any in since we started 40 minutes ago?

Already we have 500 entries.

Oh, wow.

Wow, people get sunburned fast.

They really do.

So that's all you guys have to plug?

Well, I mean, do people really plug real things?

Yeah, you do.

Oh, children's hospital, new season of children's hospital.

I am in the new season of children's hospital.

As am I.

I only have one line, but I was thrilled to be there.

No, I think we gave you more lines.

I think we 80 yards them.

That's weird.

We now have you go, I love to eat my own cock.

Wait, who does the voice?

I do the voice.

What?

Yeah.

All right, well, to be on the show, anything I guess.

I want to plug, okay, this is interesting.

We have Hot Saucerman hot sauce bottles for sale.

We made only 100 for the, especially for the 100th show, limited edition, one time only collectible.

Go to earwolf.com slash store.

You can check them out.

They ship in two weeks.

We only made 100 of these things, so snap them up.

Should have made more.

Well, it's for the 100th show.

At 200, you'll make more.

I would have given you a deal at a million.

I would have made them cheaper.

But are you going to make 101 bottles for the 101st show?

Yeah, we're definitely going to do that.

Okay, yeah, yeah.

So buy the 100.

There'll be lots of them by that time.

Yeah, of course.

Also go to earwolf.com slash survey to participate in a questionnaire that will help us figure out podcasting a little bit.

Listen to the finale of Mike Detective tomorrow, right?

Coming up tomorrow, Rob, the finale.

Yeah.

That's exciting.

With a special guest that we mentioned in today's show.

We don't want to say who it is.

I don't want to say who it is.

And also thanks to engineer Doug, Neil Campbell, Jeff Ulrich.

Here's to 100 more shows and only 100 more.

I'd say that's a good number.

Yeah.

Just put her down now.

I would kill yourself on 200.

Then we walk this mule out to a field where she can like look at the ocean.

And we shave it.

And we shave.

Just shave that mule.

And then just gently.

And then we get a dog to take its underpants down with its mouth.

Yep.

And then sawed off shotgun and we all go out like fucking gladiators.

Let's hold hands so when people come across the scene, people are like.

Wait a second.

Gladiators ever did that.

Wait, let me clarify what we're doing.

We're taking an old mule out to some Vista point.

On a cliff.

We're going to shave it.

A dog is going to pull some underwear down off of it.

Yeah.

Like the Coppertone logo.

Check.

Yeah.

And then we're all going out like anyway.

Yeah.

We're going to shoot each other.

We're going to literally paint the woods with our brains.

Yeah.

At episode 200.

I think that's a great goal.

And the mule is going to.

When is this so I can put this in my iCal?

And who wins the state sketch for that, by the way?

Do we win it or?

We'll see.

All right.

Jury's still out on that.

I do want to thank you both for being on The 100s Show.

You were on my first show.

You really helped me out that show.

And you helped me out today.

I appreciate it.

Shall we, just for old times sake, read through the first show one more time?

All right.

Here we go.

So today, my special co-host.

I'll be Scott Aukerman this time.

OK.

Here we go.

With me today, my special co-host, you know him from MTV's Human Giant.

He played the bad guy in the film I Love You Man.

Bad guy.

There was no bad guy.

He played the different point of view from the protagonist.

Let's not do this.

Yeah, you're right.

That's going to get really boring the third time.

Guys, thank you so much for being here.

Thank you for having us.

And we're going to do another song.

And oh, hey, Susanna Matthew.

Do you have plugs?

Since we're doing them?

New Bangles record.

No.

In the can.

Mixed, not mastered, but mixed.

Yeah.

Oh my goodness.

And do you have a target date?

Target date, the fall, 2011.

Yeah.

The autumn leaves will be falling.

Yes.

And people can get information on that at.

Probably online or we'll.

Probably online.

We'll know more soon.

Or you might start calling people.

Check the Twitter.

Just cold calling.

I just don't do the Twitter.

Going door to door.

Or on your show, we'll announce it.

Oh, please do.

And we'll bring the girls over.

I would love to have that.

We love the girls.

It's funny, the whole group of girls.

They're good.

Yeah, I met them at the Duran Duran concert.

Duran Duran.

So nice.

Aren't they nice?

Duran Squared.

Was Duran Duran great?

They were good.

They were really good.

I really enjoyed how John Taylor ended it.

And he said, this is what we do.

Wow.

He's so cool, though.

I love John Taylor.

Boy, now I really think he's cool.

That is amazing.

This is what we do.

And Matthew, what do you have to plug?

Do you have a new record, hopefully?

There's so many leaks to plug.

I have a new album.

I put one out two years ago called Sunshine Lies, kind of in between our covers records.

Thank you so much.

And then the new one's called Modern Art.

It's out, I think July or August.

And Fred Armisen's on a track.

Fred Armisen played drums on a track.

That was like a comedy thing.

I said, send me some just drums.

Because I sort of collected...

I made the record in sort of a weird way.

Did you do loops and stuff like that?

No, but not really.

But I was sort of gonna do that.

What I did is I just put together...

It's hard to explain exactly.

Modern Art.

It's a little off.

It's a little strange.

But Fred sent me this drum track and then I had a song already and just fit it to this crazy sort of jazz drumming.

But it's really like two mics or whatever.

So it's kind of crazy sounding.

Amazing.

Okay.

And that'll be out this summer and...

That's gonna come out this summer.

We're also gonna try and play shows of the whole Girlfriend album because it's 20th...

Amazing.

Anniversary.

So I'm gonna hope to be doing that in the fall.

With the band that made it or with a different band or not suggesting that you should do it with a band?

Yeah, we couldn't really do it because some of the band...

Are no longer...

Are no longer with us, Robert Quine.

Oh, yes.

So some tour, please go see that tour and pick up all of the records by these two great people.

And I'm really looking forward to having new records from you guys out.

Thank you.

That's so great that you're putting them out.

That's so nice.

And please...

Most people don't care about the new stuff.

I have them all.

Well, he doesn't care either.

He has to say it.

No, I have them all.

I have every one...

I know that you do.

I have every one of all of your records.

Oh, my God.

I have every soundtrack, I believe, that you've ever appeared on.

Flipper, everything.

Whoa.

Flipper.

Strangely.

God, I could use one of those Flipper gigs right now.

That was crazy.

Some guy just did the track and I went out and sang it and it was like some huge amount of money.

You know?

Matthew always does this weird under-the-radar soundtrack stuff.

The Ace Ventura 2 soundtrack.

Because I'll do anything.

Oh, my God.

Are you hearing this?

But I have it, strangely enough, in my collection.

So this is a big thrill.

Thank you both for coming on.

I really appreciate it.

And you're going to take us out with another track, right?

Different Drum, which was written by Mike Nesmith from The Monkees and then first recorded by the Stone Ponies, Linda Ronstadt's first band.

Oh, my God.

In the 60s.

It's a great one when you hear it on like oldies radio.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, that's been episode 100.

Thank you so much, guys.

Woo!

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

One, two, three.
