---
layout: page
title: 101. Joe Lo Truglio,Casey Wilson, Matt Besser [2580⧸20983].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

What's up, everybody?

This is Comedy Death Ray Radio, and I am Scott Tabletop.

It's great to be in your ear holes once again.

It's a fine Monday.

We come out on Mondays, we're recording this on a Monday.

We're just basking in the glow of our previous achievements, I don't know what I'm saying.

Kind of out of it today, but thankfully I have two great guests who are going to carry the burden and carry that weight as the Beatles once admonished America.

Mm-hmm.

God willing.

As you've heard so far, there's one with a low voice and one with a high-pitched voice.

Let me explain.

One is a man and one is a woman.

I'm the woman.

Let me say who's here, for those of you who don't immediately recognize voices.

They should know.

They really should know.

Yeah, maybe you're right.

All right, let's just continue with the show.

They really should know.

To my left, you have seen her on Saturday Night Live.

You have seen her... Walking around Sunset Junction, looking sad.

She's written for the movies.

She's written for the stage.

She's written for TV even, I think.

I don't know.

Well, you wrote on SNL.

Yeah.

This is Casey Wilson is here, friend of the show.

She's been on a couple of times.

Welcome, Casey.

Thank you.

Hi.

All right, you've seen him in the movies, like Wet Hot American Summer, Paul, which opened recently.

Also on Sunset Junction, walking around sometimes.

Holding hands with Casey.

Well, we don't make eye contact.

We don't make eye contact.

We don't look at each other.

It's too painful.

Yeah.

Everything that we lost between each other on Sunset Junction.

Yet never had.

Yeah, never had.

He also was an original member of the state, although I guess you all were original members, is that correct?

Yes.

Joe Lattrullio is here.

Welcome, Joe.

Hi, everyone.

This is your first time on the show.

I'm Joe Lattrullio, by the way.

I am so happy to have you on.

I've been trying to be on for two years, and here you are.

We finally made it.

I know.

Now, Casey, I do want to tell this funny story about the...

Was it the last time you were on the show or the time before?

Do you mind telling the story?

Oh, God.

I cannot believe you're bringing this up.

Okay, I'll tell it.

It's funny.

I think it was the first time you were on the show.

Oh, yeah.

First time ever.

And unfortunately coincided with the news that you were no longer going to be on Saturday Night Live anymore.

Yes, I had known that news, but the news became known to others that day.

Pretty much that the morning of...

Pretty much, no, like a half an hour before.

Right.

Yeah.

So you were psyched to be funny.

I was psyched to get on those airwaves.

So I came in, but I thought, you know what, I'm going to do it.

I love Scott.

This is going to be fine.

I'm sure no one will mention it.

That's kind of what I thought.

But it was really gracious to do it and just...

I couldn't believe that you actually came in.

The great thing was that Kevin Neal was there and Lorraine Newman were also there, people who had succeeded on the show.

So that was a fun twist.

But then when I got in there, I thought, you know, this will be fine.

And I was actually in good spirits.

And then your sound person...

No, it wasn't the sound person.

It was actually the station director of Indy1031.

Excuse me.

Ex station manager, Chuck P, was in there.

And Chuck, you know, was a great guy.

Great guy.

And you know, sometimes for small talk, you're like searching for things to relate to another person with.

Right.

So...

I don't think he was searching to relate to me with this.

He was searching...

No, it was with me.

He met you, said, oh, hi.

It's very nice to meet you.

And then he was trying to make small talk...

And then he said...

Can I say what he said?

Sure.

He's trying to make small talk with me.

He kind of looks in the recesses of his mind of like, okay, comedy, comedy.

I'm talking to Scott from comedy.

What can I talk about?

And he says...

And then he hits us with, ooh, you hear those two girls from SNL got canned.

Are you kidding?

He didn't realize that you were...

No.

You know, that one of those two girls that got canned.

That got canned.

Canned.

The best part of it was canned.

Yeah.

Because who says canned anymore?

No one.

It was so, but he said it with such...

The same people who hit pink slips, maybe.

He sort of said it with disgust, anger, a level of like, about time.

And my heart sank for you and I said, well, yes, Chuck, one of them is standing right in front of you.

No, he looked into my eyeballs, like into my soul when he said it.

So I think he was kind of like, oh, Scott's a comedy guy, I'll just look at you as like a beacon.

He found a sad soul in me.

Yeah.

So he was very apologetic and I felt bad for him.

We've all stuck our foot in our collection.

Sure.

Oh, God.

It's all I ever do.

Sure.

I actually one time complimented a woman on her pregnancy and she wasn't pregnant.

It was awful.

It was awful and she actually worked at a network and I just felt terrible.

So wait, let me ask you, you feel worse that she worked at a network?

Yeah, well, maybe I should feel better.

But also, she actually was kind of a friend, like I'd seen her in circles and met her before, but I hadn't seen her in like well over a year.

And God, the backpedaling was just awful.

It was just like, oh, I'm sorry, I thought I heard someone say that you were pregnant.

It was like, I just kept digging more and the shovel kept going.

So happy it looked like someone would fuck you.

No, that's wrong.

So glad you got some action though.

It's terrible when someone says that to, like I've had someone say it to me.

Like what are you?

That you were pregnant?

About six months.

Because of how much weight I gained.

That's just a direct shock.

That's not putting them out.

Yeah, I know it was.

I never talk to that person again.

So what I'm trying to say, Casey, is thank you so much for being back because after something like that happens, I feel like, oh no, I've lost a friend and she's never going to talk to me again and thank you so much for returning.

You know, sadly, my standard is low for all things social interaction, so here I am.

Happy to be here.

Happy.

Speaking of happy, Casey.

Nice segue.

You're pregnant?

Congratulations.

No.

Oh my God.

I can't.

Twice in a row.

Isn't it awful?

Wait, did this story happen to you just an hour ago?

Two hours ago.

Yeah.

Again.

I should have learned from my lesson only 120 minutes ago and I didn't.

But speaking of happy, you're in a television show with the word happy in it.

I am.

It's called Happy Endings and- ABC show follows- Modern Family.

Which is a great time slot.

Good slot.

Yeah.

The golden slot.

It's 10 at night.

I mean, it's a great slot.

I paid 80 bucks for a golden slot in Amsterdam once.

It was not when she was on with that kid.

Oh God.

I brought it.

Wait.

What would make her slot gold?

So, Casey, tell us a little bit about the show and then we'll turn to Joe and hear what he has going on.

I will.

See how it stacks up.

Okay.

Great.

The show is...

It's great.

It's kind of...

It's about three girls and three guys and Damon Wayans Jr. is on it and Adam Pally.

Oh, I was excited for a second.

I know.

I know, guys.

Look.

I'm bringing what I got here.

No, no.

Damon Wayans Jr. is hilarious.

Yeah.

You said he's a great guy, really funny.

So great.

So funny.

In our private conversations.

Outrageously funny, actually.

And then Adam Pally from UCB who's...

Great funny guy.

I wanna have him on the show at some point.

Okay.

Yeah.

They're all great.

And Alicia Cuthbert.

From 24.

So funny.

Hilarious.

She actually is very...

She is.

She really is hilarious, actually.

Do you ever call her the girl next door?

I do, actually.

Sometimes.

Yeah.

I just...

No.

And it's really funny.

The Russo brothers who direct community, they direct most of the episodes and this really funny guy, David Casp, is the creator and it's great.

It's fast paced.

It sounds so lame to say that.

But it's really a funny show.

I'm really proud of it and yeah, it's coming on out.

Coming on out.

And it's great to see you.

A lot of UCB people are in it.

Rob Hubel, Paul Scheer, Seth Morris.

Now I notice that I am not neither in the Casp nor appearing on it at any point.

What exactly happened with that?

What's the meaning of that?

This guy, David Casp, I don't know.

He does all the...

Oh, you're selling out Casp.

Yeah.

Totally.

I wanted you at every turn, I said, Scott is obviously right for this, for every role in this.

I did have that happen to me recently on a show.

What?

Where someone suggested me and the director said no.

Really?

Eww.

Has that ever happened to you?

Do you ever miss out on auditions or do you get everything?

Are you offer only, Joe?

No, no, no, no.

I'm not definitely not offer only.

Are you offer only, Joe?

Where are you at?

No.

Well, what are you offering?

No.

I'm not offer only.

Do I, do I, have I gone in and had direct...

That's not a real question, but you're sure to talk about it.

Yeah.

I definitely have.

Yeah.

I went in on an audition that was met with total silence, as many of us have.

That was like for a pilot this season.

This season, really?

Yeah.

So it's sticking in your head.

Can you remember the worst audition?

I feel the wound is fresh.

Yes.

This is a great...

Yeah.

Here's my worst audition.

It was in 2006, and I go in for this movie called Beer League, it's Hardy Lang's movie, and the cast...

We all remember it.

Yeah.

And so I'm about to do the scene, and she's doing that like small talk, get to know you type of thing, that type of chat, and she's like, slate your name, I'll say my name, and she's like, so, you know, you've been doing a lot of like comedy in the state.

I'm like, yeah.

She's like, how does it feel like so many of your state members are doing so many things and getting shows and doing all this stuff, and you're like, you're just still looking for stuff.

Oh, come on.

Honestly, right before I do this audition, and of course, being in a big group, there's always that element of competition where you're just always comparing constantly.

Like right now.

Like I'm hoping I beat Casey in this, you know, what's going on.

You're getting there.

And so anyway, it was just, oh, I couldn't believe it.

That had to be the worst audition.

Did it affect your read or...?

Well, what was great is that I ended up, you know, getting the role.

It did affect the read.

You did get the role.

I got the role, and she was like, you know, stick, just, I really want you to stick to the script.

And at that point, I didn't, and I just kind of did some improv and got the part.

I wonder if she felt so bad about saying that, that she gave you the role.

I don't think it was her.

Maybe.

I don't think she did, though.

I think it was Frank.

Casey, do you have...?

An arty.

I have a tough audition story.

One of the first auditions I did out of college, I was doing summer comedies, summer stock in Kennebunkport, Maine, for the Bush family.

Very strange.

Which was like, we would be their little, they would trot us out, and it was a real motley crew, like the young and the old, improvising together.

And I do mean, old.

And so anyway, we're in Kennebunkport, and I get a call from Abrams Artists, and they're like, we have an audition for you.

And I'm like, this is it.

I've arrived.

And so I drive.

This is so sad.

I drive, I think, like seven hours to Manhattan.

Whoa.

I do all the driving one day, because I know stardom awaits.

You didn't want to break it up into four or five days, really, about seven hours?

I broke it up over three weeks.

And so when I got to Manhattan, and my dreams were about to come true, when I arrived, and again, it's like, well, why didn't I know exactly what the audition was for?

I knew it was for some sort of print commercial thing, and I thought, you know, I'm so beautiful, I get it.

So when I got there, I came to find that it was an ad for a print ad for a bloated stomach campaign called Zalnorm.

And you know, did you ever see those on the bus?

It would just be like girls' stomachs driving by.

I mean, we all know it was a successful campaign.

And I booked it.

It's such a mixed bag.

Do you have a picture of the ad?

And it was just the worst of it, because you just have to lift up your stomach and take it, and you just feel like you're being raped on every level, and they're taking pictures of your stomach.

You're your own before and after, so then they pull your pants back and make you bloated.

I was worried I would be the weird before, but thankfully I was, and they do your makeup.

And so it's not so much a bad audition story, but I guess it was sort of like when I got there and I thought it would be tampons, something with dignity.

It was terrible.

So you just hold your shirt up and stand there for like 10 minutes while people, they film you and then they take pictures of your stomach.

From what I understand, that's very similar to girls doing Playboy.

I had an ex-girlfriend who was asked to do Playboy, and they tried to make her comfortable by saying, oh no, we have people behind you pulling your stomach back.

Oh my God.

Oh God.

So think about that every time you jerk off to a Playboy.

If there's like a hairy man just over here, somebody just like, you know, pulling- Hairy naked man, I like to think rub his boner on your back.

The worst audition I ever had was for the film, what planet are you from?

The Gary Shams Alien movie, where I drove out to Sony.

And for those of you who don't live in Los Angeles, Sony is the furthest point away from any other point in California.

The lost city of Culver.

And I drove two, I think two hours, because it was in the middle of the day and traffic was really bad.

Two hours to get there, I memorized all the sides.

It was about three pages of dialogue.

I walked in, the casting director took a look at me and went, oh no.

You're not right for this.

Oh no.

And I said, oh, I drove so long to get here.

She said, well, here, try this roll.

And it was one word, the word no.

I said- Did you say no?

Did you say no and walk out?

Yeah, I said, do you really want me to say this one word?

She says, yep, go ahead.

Anytime you're ready.

I said, no.

Thank you.

Oh my God.

Oh, show business.

Show business.

Great news.

Did not end up booking that.

Wow.

So our stories ended in some amount of triumph and yours and defeat.

Yeah, mine ended in defeat and it ends with the show right here.

We booked it.

Broken.

I like that our bad audition stories were like, booked it, bitches.

It's like for the worst things ever, but.

All right.

Tell you what.

We're going to take a break and go to a song and when we come back, we'll have more Joe Lattrullio, more Casey Wilson.

We're going to be talking to them all hour and you are not going to get sick of them.

So this is Comedy Death Rain.

Thanks, Scott.

Are you pregnant?

Booked it.

Hey yo, New Lonely Island.

2011.

Let's get them keys.

Hey yo, my shit don't work.

That shit is tough as a pillow.

My girl ain't looking at me like you for real do.

Hey yo, hold up, hold up.

We gotta come harder than that.

Yo, hold up, hold up.

We gotta come harder than that.

Yo, hold up, hold up.

We gotta come harder than that.

Yo, gentlemen, I think there might be something wrong with my dick.

It's like a melting stick of butter.

So soft that it can't feel the rubbers.

Come on, man.

This is Lonely Island.

People are counting on us.

I gotta run on these motherfuckers myself.

Hey yo, I think I broke my dick in the six.

It's so small and ugly.

All smashed and flat like it was playing rugby.

Hold up, hold up.

This is serious.

Keep letting them know.

Yo, for real though, I suffer from stinky dick.

Every time I take a piss, it smells just like shit.

Ha ha, yeah, that's what I'm talking about.

Andy, show them how it's done.

My dick looks like the fat that you cut off for sex.

Smashed in like my balls went and stepped on a rat.

Lonely Island, Grammy nominated.

Yeah, hit him a champ.

Go straight out the block with my soggy little shrimp.

I was an eight-year-old girl before the doctor found my dick.

We made too much money for this shit.

Murder music.

I shit so bad cause my dick played a prank on my butt.

Hit him.

Straight crept when I slept and started collapsing in both.

Suppository music.

What y'all know about it?

Ha, shit.

I got hepatitis C from a horse, but no confusion.

It wasn't from the sex, it was the blood transfusion.

What?

Motherfucker got horse blood.

What y'all got?

I write freaky fan fiction, wear cartoons, fuck.

Got CGI, Garfield, Lickin' Worm, and Puss in Boots.

What?

Motherfucker got horse blood.

What y'all got?

I write freaky fan fiction, wear cartoons, fuck.

Got CGI, Garfield, Lickin' Worm, and Puss in Boots.

What?

I would like to see that.

This that Garfield sex music.

Now y'all just showing off.

I got a friend named Reggie who lives down at the dump.

Every other week I swing by to bring him some lunch.

Oh, now that just sounds nasty.

I'ma call it right there.

Game over, motherfuckers.

Lonely Island, we started this fake rap shit.

The world needs us.

That is the Lonely Island.

And new album coming out by them.

Very excited.

Yes.

I love the name too.

The name of the group?

The album.

Oh, what is it again?

Turtleneck and Chain.

Right.

Great picture.

They are back.

I'm very excited by that.

I love that last record.

We have another guest coming on the show and I hope you guys can kind of cool it and be nice to this guy.

Thank you.

Every once in a while we have people on with different points of view than us.

We like to be the fair and balanced podcast.

You know him as the pastor of which church was it again?

Westboro Baptist Church.

You may, I guess, can I say you're more commonly known, that church is more commonly known as the God Hates...

God Hates Fags.

Yes, that's what we're known for.

We protest at funerals and faggots that are going to burn in hell.

Like these two actors sitting next to me.

That's probably why you didn't get the auditions, cause you're faggots.

Do you count them as actors and not me as an actor really?

Whatever you call yourself.

We're all faggots?

I guess you run some liberal podcast.

I shouldn't even use that word.

Yeah, Casey, I really take umbrage you using that word.

I take umbrage with you using umbrage.

Are you saying I should call you a doc instead of a faggot?

Women can be faggots too.

Casey, you're obviously a faggot.

He's a feminist homophobe.

Yeah, you've got a boy's name, Casey, that's a boy's name, obviously a faggot, all the famous Casys, the men, Casey Kasem, Casey and the Sons, China Bay, Casey and back, Casey Jones.

Father, pastor, what should I call you?

I ain't your father, faggot, I'm a pastor, yolo truly yo.

Well that's...

That's the first...

That's my name, don't wear it out.

That's the first clue you're a faggot.

You've got a lot of O's in your name, like buttholes.

I didn't realize that was like a criteria for homophobics to the amount of vales.

You must really hate Italians too.

You can give them a break or just four meals Spaniards, but if you're obviously American you could have gotten rid of those O's, it's your...

How do you feel about Oreo cookies?

How do I feel about them?

I got all sorts of problems with Oreo cookies, putting white and black together first off.

But yeah, there's a lot of O's, I don't like Monday because of the O or October.

Because of that one?

O's are buttholes.

I'm pastor Fred Phelps, but I took the O out of pastor, it's spelled with an E.

Oh, I...

Oh.

Maybe you could have spelled it P-A-S-T-U-R-E because I think your views stink.

Obviously Scott Cockerman, obviously another faggot.

Well you got me there.

I will be protesting at all your funerals.

Oh, you're not a cat.

Yeah.

What's that?

I don't know.

Why do you protest at funerals?

That's an interesting question.

It seems like you would protest people while they're alive.

Are dead people faggots?

Well they are susceptible to buttfucking when they're dead, that is true, that's what you were talking about.

Come on.

Yeah, I'd like to point out who's a faggot and who's not.

We go out and protest at your funeral so we can stop faggotism from ruining America.

I think it's kind of obvious.

God gave me the gift.

You've heard of gaydar?

Yes.

Yeah.

Well I got a faggotometer.

It's a little more advanced than a gaydar.

How does that work?

Is it more expensive?

It's just like a gaydar, but I can see gays.

Like a gaydar only has like a 20 foot radius and I got like a 500 yard radius with a faggotometer.

How many homosexuals are in this radius right now in about 500 yards?

Here, let me get it going.

Yeah.

Oh it takes deep batteries.

Yeah.

Wait, what are you doing to it?

Hold on.

Well I'm just feeling it out and I think there's about 25 faggots in 500 yards.

That's not an apparatus, your faggotometer is actually your penis.

Yeah, my straight heterosexual penis is how I control it like a joystick.

So basically you get your penis hard and anything it's attracted to is gay.

No, you said that.

It's like a divining rod?

It's a direction finder.

Yeah, exactly.

Like the way you find water in the woods with a divining rod.

Okay.

Are you married or what's your...

Yes I'm married ma'am.

Okay.

Of course I am.

Do you have children?

Do I have children?

Yes, of course I do.

Every time I have sex there better be a child involved.

Wait a minute, I don't think you said that quite correctly.

Yeah, I probably didn't.

Yeah, back up.

Hold on.

Wait a second.

Say that one more time.

There better be a child resultant from it is what I meant by resultant.

But the reason I'm on today is to read my God hates report and talk about my, you've heard it, it gets better campaign.

Yeah, of course we do.

That's where of course gay celebrities come out and try to tell teenage gay people who are prone to suicide that it actually gets better.

It does get better.

After high school people don't make fun of you as much, it gets better.

But then it gets worse.

What?

That's my campaign.

It gets better, then it gets worse.

Because it does get better, but then it gets worse.

In what way does it get worse?

It seems like after high school no one makes fun of you anymore and you live a happy life.

Yeah, for a few years it gets a lot better, it really does.

But then it gets much worse.

Well tell us how.

What do you mean by this?

Well, that you go out there and people call you faggot and get protests at your funeral and then you go to hell.

Okay, so you're saying for the brief candle that we are alive on this earth until it's snuffed out, it does get better.

Yeah, it gets better.

It really does after high school.

Immediately following death.

Nicky, it's worse.

Like we'll be protesting at Sidney Lumet's funeral.

Now come on, famed film director, he passed away a couple of weeks ago, he obviously was not gay, he had a wife.

Did you see Dog Day afternoon?

Of course I did.

First off, it has an O in the title, like a butthole.

Sometimes you can't escape that.

Well, yeah, you can, you can always change it, put an asterisk there like God does.

But that start of faggot, the main character was a faggot, 12 angry men, can't put a woman in there, got to have just all men, 12 angry men, obviously a faggot.

Well, I don't know.

We will be protesting at your funeral.

Do you do much more research than just look at a person's Wikipedia page and look at the projects they've been involved in?

Oh yeah, American Idol viewers are all faggots.

All the viewers?

Well, did you see last Thursday?

Wait, the one a couple of weeks ago in Pia Toscano?

She was eliminated?

Yeah.

The hottest woman on the show?

Obviously America's a bunch of faggots.

How many men are left and how many women are left, Scott Cockerman?

At this point, I can't even, I couldn't even tell you.

A lot more men.

Yeah, a lot more men.

I'll give you that.

What's wrong with America?

Our American Idol viewers, obviously a bunch of faggots, so that was some research.

You think that anyone who listens to any music at all, it should be sung by a hot woman?

If you're, no, if Casey was going to listen, she should listen to a man.

So she should listen to someone like Justin Timberlake, someone attractive like that?

Exactly.

Wait a minute.

Now you just said that Justin Timberlake is attractive.

You just agreed with me.

Oh, I didn't hear myself say that.

That's my little mouth trap.

You got him.

Yep.

Typical of the homosexual faggots with your tricks and your ploys.

Joe, do you have a question for Pastor Fred here?

Yeah.

Would you ever move out of the country if there's so many homosexuals in it?

Would you ever leave?

Well, there are more every other place.

What I'm trying, I love America.

So this is the most homosexual of, this is the kind of the best of the worst?

You don't leave some place just because it's broken.

Joe La Trulio left Italy at some point, obviously.

No, we don't just leave because it's broken.

We go and do the right thing.

We protest at funerals.

You don't ever protest during the lifetime or just?

Yeah, when they would notice, when they would be able to take your message.

What am I doing right now?

I'm not trying to help you.

What am I doing right now?

Okay.

I'm not sure, actually.

What are you doing?

No one knows.

Let me continue my God hates report if you don't mind.

Looks like he's checking his fagameter again.

Oh, put that away.

Fagatometer, fagatometer.

Put your fagatometer away.

You had some of your listeners ask me about some things, if the God hates, I'd like to address.

One viewer or listener asked if God loves or hates the 80s.

Can you guess?

I would have to guess hates it because just because of your point of view, everything is gay.

Not everything is gay.

Or he might have loved it since many, many gays died in the 80s.

Oh, that's true.

I didn't even think about that.

But no.

Joe, you're getting on the page, but it's the wrong page to be on.

Visualize.

This all goes back to that question I answered.

Visualize the number.

You can get behind anything, Joe.

I bet you can.

Okay.

Come on now.

All right.

The number 80.

Think about 80.

Think about it.

I think I know where you're going.

Yeah.

First of all, the zero is a big asshole.

All right.

And then the eight is a tiny asshole on top of another asshole.

Do you hate snowmen?

Hell yeah.

Do you hate Venn diagrams?

Who's this Venn?

Do you hate USA pie charts?

You're trying to trick me now because they don't have holes in the middle.

They're full in the middle.

They're circular like assholes, but the word pie also means vagina.

So it's kind of neutral.

Gender neutral.

That's right.

No, no.

It can't just be a circle.

It needs to have a hole in the middle like a doughnut.

Oh, okay.

But like a pastry that doesn't have a hole is straight.

But doughnuts with holes are faggots.

What other kind of pastry is there with a hole in it?

Wait.

Okay.

Now back up too.

A doughnut's funeral, what would that be?

When they pass through the digestive tract and turn into waste?

You're going to be over a pile of shit protesting, yelling at it?

Did you just say pro-assin?

That is rewind the tape.

He just said, are you going to be pro-assin?

Okay.

Let's rewind the tape.

Engineer Doug, here we go.

So you're going to say that you were going to be pro-assin over a pile of shit?

Did you just say pro-assin?

No.

All right.

Thanks for rewinding the tape.

Obviously that homo let it slip.

But you asked if God hates everything and think, no, he loves Sierra Mist.

Oh.

What?

I enjoy Sierra Mist.

That's a great beverage.

That is a good beverage.

It's kind of like Slice or like 7-Up in a way.

Well, Slice, Sierra Mist is the next generation of Slice, if you know anything about Sierra Mist.

It's the same company.

I guess I don't know that much about it.

Yeah, yeah.

You should look for their new 14-packs available at all 7-11s, lime-flavored soft drink made with natural lemon, lime flavors.

You should learn other natural ingredients.

Hold on here a second.

This sounds like a commercial.

Are you sponsored by Sierra Mist?

All right.

I will be honest.

Sierra Mist is sponsoring the God hates fags.

Is that why you're wearing that Sierra Mist racing jacket?

It is.

I got to be honest.

I was wondering what that was about.

It is really nice.

I thought he just liked the soda.

Yeah.

And his fagatometer is zipped up in a little Sierra Mist pouch.

Yeah.

Now it's all making sense.

Okay.

Yeah.

I get it.

Questions are being answered.

You basically came on here to read a live commercial.

You don't hate faggots at all, do you?

I hate faggots.

I'm just saying God loves Sierra Mist.

It's real sugar, not processed.

You can't just pretend to hate faggots to get on this show so you can read a commercial and get several thousand dollars.

Do you hate any faggots at all?

I hate faggots.

Speaking of which, one of your listeners wanted to know if God hates bundle of sticks.

Bundle of sticks?

What is a bundle?

Well, that's another, that's a faggot, you know.

Oh, I see.

That's the original faggot.

The English word for that.

Oh, okay.

Yes, yes, yes.

Well, sticks should be carried separately, not in a bundle.

If you think about it, a stick is just a dick of a tree.

Mm-hmm.

Right.

Keep them separate.

Tree dick.

The root was the dick of a tree, because I once saw the Evil Dead where the root rapes that woman.

No, those are its feet, though, man.

Those are its, okay, so you're saying the branches?

Yeah, those are its dicks.

Okay.

Ha ha!

Those are its dicks.

All right, well, I'm severely questioning.

Agree to disagree.

Yeah.

First of all, I'm gonna...

I will not agree to disagree.

Okay.

I disagree to disagree.

Well, let's agree.

Let's agree on that.

Let's disagree to disagree.

Can we agree on that?

I will never.

No.

I will never agree with any faggots.

Put that away.

Put it back in its pouch.

I will smack you with my faggottometer right now.

Please!

Put it back in the pouch!

In the Sierra Mist pouch.

Ah!

Across my face!

Ah!

On my knee!

What do you think about that, Casey?

How'd that feel?

Don't...

I'm traumatized.

I am.

How's that for a happy ending?

Okay.

I will.

This is worse than when that guy talked about me getting canned.

It's way worse.

I say the word canned, by the way.

Well, Pastor Fred, I'm really wondering if you hate anything at all.

I really think that you're more like a corporate shill.

You're a straw man.

I hate plenty.

I hate it.

What about Arthur, that new movie?

Well, I mean, yeah.

Well, we can all.

We can all.

You know.

Actually, I like it.

God likes all remakes and hates originals.

What?

It's like, oh, an original.

So every movie that's come out that hasn't been remade, God hates?

Pretty much.

For instance, he hates keeping up with the Kardashians, but he loves the spinoff Chloe and Lamar.

But Chloe has an O in it.

He spells it with an asterisk.

Oh, okay.

So how does he feel about the Star Wars movies?

Because they weren't necessarily remade, but they added computer graphics to them.

He only liked it after the computer graphics were added.

He loves Jar Jar Binks.

All right.

Well, this is very confusing.

But he hates Yoda.

Okay.

He's so much about God.

How does he feel about Wookiees?

Does the two O's cancel itself out?

No, no, no, no.

It's just doubly bad?

No, truly O. That has two O's.

That's true.

That's truly O.

That is truly O.

All right, Pastor Phelps, we're going to hear a little bit more about what you hate.

Let's take a break though.

Guys calm down a little.

I gotta gather my thoughts.

Are we going to break about Sierra Mist?

Yeah, here we go.

Do we have a Sierra Mist commercial all lined up?

I'll let you lead us into this song, Pastor Fred.

Sell out.

Mm, refreshing.

Sierra Mist, new 14 packs available at all 7-Elevens.

All right.

We'll be right back after this.

This is Comedy Death Ray.

Making new friends is really fun.

Making new friends, making new friends.

That is how to make new friends, making new findings.

That is Sarah Silverman from The Sarah Silverman Show, and we have the makings of a great show, at least two-thirds of a great show, with Casey Wilson here and Joe LaTrouilleau.

That is not a compliment to you.

Pastor Fred Phelps is here.

You're not an actor.

That's true.

Who said actor, though?

It's a good show.

Do you like actors?

That doesn't own it.

Acters.

T-E-R-S.

Oh, okay.

I like actors.

You see, your Southern accent comes in handy.

It doesn't help.

It's true.

But spelling things a different way.

Helps with Phelps.

Thank you.

I, of course, am Scott Tabletop.

This is Comedy Death Ray, and I had an idea.

I have great actors and comic improvisers in front of me here, and Pastor Fred Phelps.

I had an idea for a segment on the show, which would be Improv of the Week, where we do an improv scene, and I think I'll include you in this, Pastor Fred.

I can do improv.

We do improv at the Westboro Baptist Church every Saturday.

Improv?

Well, you get a suggestion for something, and then you tell whether or not it's a faggot or not.

That doesn't sound like it.

Please don't do that during our improv.

Engineer Doug, I need an occupation from you.

Step up to the mic here and give me an occupation.

Janitor.

Okay, so one of us is a janitor, and I need a time of day.

The evening.

Not bad.

And I need an opening line.

Good riddance.

Okay, so one of us is a janitor.

It's the evening, and it starts with good riddance.

Who wants to say good riddance at the top, by the way?

I'll say good riddance.

You want to say?

Go to the back line and look for a proper edit to tap out.

Okay, great.

And so, Joe LaTulio is going to start with good riddance.

One of us is a janitor.

Maybe all of us are janitors.

We don't know yet.

We don't know yet, Scott.

Okay, so let's figure it out.

Okay, this is improv scene of the week, starting now.

Oh, good riddance.

I never wanted to have that puke on the floor anyway.

Hi, Joe.

Hey, Scott.

How you doing?

Good.

I was really not liking that puke on the floor, so I'm glad that the janitor came and swept it up.

Yeah, it's just been there for weeks now, and I was wondering when people were going to get rid of it.

Do you remember who puked on the floor?

I don't.

Probably some faggot that's been sucking cock and has too much cum in his throat.

Time out, time out, time out, time, time.

Okay, Pastor Fred, you're not getting into the improv spirit.

We started again.

Yeah.

We just sanded it, there's puke, you said you didn't know why.

How do you know that term, by the way?

I think we don't read books.

You guys read books on improv?

I read Keith Johnstone's improv.

Okay, let's start again.

You're bringing the scene to a screeching halt, talking about faggots.

Try to put yourself in the mind of a character who would not talk about that issue.

Oh, like a faggot.

Yeah, put yourself, okay, that would be great.

Put yourself in the mind of one of them.

Yes.

Okay.

Here we go.

Okay, but pre the entrance of Pastor Fred.

Okay.

Yeah.

Here we go, time back in.

The puke's been on the floor for like a week, I'm just glad it finally was cleaned up.

Good, yeah.

Well, it's been nice seeing you.

It's good seeing you.

It's evening, so we should probably leave and go to our homes.

Hey, that's my puke, I've puked it up because I was sucking so much cock.

Oh.

Oh, man.

Our good friend, the janitor is here.

Hi, Janitor Rick.

Hi.

So you just puked on the floor and then you cleaned it up yourself.

Thank you for doing that.

Why'd you wait so long?

Yeah, why did you wait a week?

Looking for a mop to stick out my butt because I'm a homo.

Okay, Scott, I think we should start again.

Okay, time out?

Yeah, let's start before the janitor comes in, it's just, it's a caricature.

It's inappropriate caricature.

That's not what improv is about, you want to find truth in improv and that's- Let's ground this a little bit more, let's start, let's just pick it up for maybe before you, Keith.

Why don't you start this time?

Okay.

You start with, we'll do a totally new, different scene, we're still janitors, it starts with Good Riddance.

We're still janitors.

Yeah, all of us.

Okay, we're all janitors.

Yeah, we're all janitors.

Is it evening?

Oh, of course, but of course.

All right, time back in.

Hey, guys, I'm gonna need someone to cover one of my- Good Riddance.

I just wanted to say that.

We're starting with Good Riddance?

Well, yeah, that's the template of the scene.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

Okay.

Time back in.

Good Riddance.

Yeah, it's all about it.

You're telling me.

The kids that I hate most at the school, those real baddies, got expelled, thank God.

Oh, those baddies.

You're always in trouble with baddies.

You know that group of baddies.

Yeah.

Well, they're such a bad family, the baddies.

Why do they call themselves- All right, time out.

When you say baddies, we're talking about- Very good try.

No, we're not.

We're talking about juvenile delinquents.

Buster Phelps.

All right.

I was playing a role in an older janitor.

I just wanted to make sure.

I mean, just kept saying it over and over again.

All right, time back in.

Time back in.

The baddies, it's such a strange... First of all, they're a family named the baddies, and then- Which is weird.

Then they joined a gang called the baddies.

Right, and then of course they did bad things.

It's like Van Halen starting a band called Van Halen.

It doesn't make any sense to me.

I was tired.

And they're in a rock band.

Yeah, they are.

Called The Goodies.

Which is weird.

Anyway, it's Christmas, and it's night, so we should probably go home.

It's Christmas.

I mean, are you guys going to spend Christmas with your family?

Probably, yeah.

I haven't done my shopping yet.

I know.

We should probably leave and go do our shopping, right?

Or maybe do something together?

I don't know.

No, I want to take off.

Well...

I'd like to take off, but I don't really have a family.

I've been lying about getting presents, too.

All right, well it's been nice to see you.

You guys are all I have.

Anyway, good to see you guys.

Yeah, great to see you guys.

All right, let's split up, okay?

Okay, let's go our separate ways.

All right.

Let's each go off different floors.

Unless someone walks in.

Unless someone enters.

There's no reason for us to be in the room, otherwise.

I'm going to stop talking because there's nothing else for me to say.

We should probably shut up or leave.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, good night.

Maybe I'll just sleep here.

Look who's coming down the hall.

Look.

Oh, hey, look at this.

Look.

Hi, I'm the baby Jesus.

What?

Finally.

This is so special.

It's Christmas.

This is so special.

A Christmas Merry Christmas.

Tomorrow is my birthday.

Wait, it's Christmas today, though.

So...

Oh, okay.

Today is my birthday.

Hi.

Hi, happy birthday.

We're a bunch of kind of lonelier janitors on Christmas.

Just looking for something to do.

I just want to say I have a family to get to.

I should leave.

I don't, so I could stay.

Okay, but I will stay, but I should be going.

Okay.

I have a lot of guilt about that.

I'm leaving my family alone on Christmas.

They'll be all right.

Time out, time out.

Okay.

Time out.

You weren't really treating... I mean, if the baby Jesus...

I was turned to you.

I'd like to say I was turned to you.

You're not going to register that a baby's talking, he's probably glowing, and you guys are talking about going home.

But his family, he wasn't going to see his family.

I can understand that.

We had to follow, in fairness, we had to follow that side story from Scott.

I mean, come on.

Yeah, I have one foot out the door.

I don't know.

It's true.

I don't know why the date is important to this story.

Okay, time back in.

Time back in.

Baby Jesus.

You know, this is surprising, so I'm going to stay.

Yeah, this is really crazy.

This is a surprising development, so I will stay and see this out.

Okay, but I'm not, so I'll see you guys later.

What?

Oh.

I'm taking off.

Can we follow that?

Baby Jesus.

Baby Jesus, come back.

Impart some wisdom.

What are your rounds that you do?

You know, I go around all the schools on Christmas day.

Talk to the janitors.

Can't be with their families.

Do you give presents?

I don't give presents.

You're supposed to give presents to me.

It's my birthday.

Wait, no.

Santa Claus gives presents to kids, not, we don't give presents to you.

Do we leave cookies out for you?

Do you not know the story of the shepherds?

We leave nails out.

Oh, that's funny.

You leave nails out?

Yeah.

That's really funny.

Yeah.

Why is that?

Time out.

Time out, Joel and Trulio.

You think that's funny, making nail jokes about to the baby Jesus?

He was a carpenter.

What did you think I was referring to?

You're talking about the crucifixion.

That was the joke.

No, I'm not.

I'm telling you, he was a carpenter.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

And he liked to build things.

You would have put a nail in your hand so you could fuck it like a butt hole.

No, he likes to build benches.

Should we time back in, or is the scene over?

I can't tell.

Let's time back in.

All right, time in.

So anyway, we leave nails out.

And sorry, I know that those have bad connotations, but you're not grown up yet, so you don't ...

Why is that bad connotations?

I'm a carpenter.

Okay, good.

Very confusing scene.

All right, well, should we be best friends, all of us?

All four of us?

Should you and I maybe start a relationship?

Let's in front of us?

Okay.

Sounds encouraging.

I wouldn't mind.

Hey, get your faggadometer out, baby Jesus.

See if this turns you on.

No problem.

And scene.

Oh, good.

I like the end of that scene.

That was good.

We all agreed at the end.

Yeah.

At the end, we were begging for him to...

That was good.

I like that feature.

That was nice.

That was a fun feature.

Good hiding and exploring.

A lot of twists and turns.

I want to know.

A lot of comedy.

I don't encourage that.

A lot of comedy.

Pastor Phelps, do you see how much fun like being an actor could be now or still now?

Oh, you think improvisers are actors?

That's funny.

What would you say to that?

What would you call them?

They're people who can't remember lines.

That's what improvisers are.

All right.

Actors who can't read.

Do you see a lot of improv?

I know you talked about at your church you do a certain type of improv, but have you been to improv theaters around here, like the UCB Theater down the street?

Hell no.

I do like that show, Faggot Line Is This Anyway.

That's not the correct title.

What do you like about it though?

No, they remake it for my part of the country.

I didn't know that.

It was stars in it.

What other shows are also in your part of the country that we might know under a different title?

Modern, Not Faggot Family.

So it's pretty much just Modern Family with four of the people?

Straight Office, Parks and Recreation, and No Faggots.

Does Straight Office just not have Oscar in it?

Is that the only difference?

Is that the only...

There's just one less character in it?

It's funny, his name's Oscar and he's a faggot and he's got an O like a butt hole.

I can't believe I'm laughing at this.

Yeah, I know.

It's so ridiculous you have to laugh, but we can't agree with it.

I know.

Straight Office is funny.

All right, Pastor Fred, let's go to another break.

Let's listen to another song.

We'll be right back.

This is Comedy Death or Radio.

We're going to improv more.

It's Lemon Lime Flavor.

We will be right back after this Mike Myers tune.

Saying I love you is not the words I want to hear from you.

It's not that I want you not to say, but if you only knew.

How easy it would be to show me how you feel.

More than words is all you have to do to make it real.

Then you wouldn't have to say that you love me.

Because I already know.

La dee da dee da dee da dee da dee da.

More than words.

Da dee dum dee do dee dee da dee da.

More than words.

What a beautiful melody.

That's how that song should be heard, with Mike Myers singing in a faux Indian accent.

So nice.

You know?

It's like a guitar.

I think the original version, but that's such a great version.

This is Comedy Death or Radio.

I'm here with Joe Lattrullio, Casey Wilson, and Pastor Fred Phelps, and we're having a great time despite the kind of incursion of- Bad improv.

I mean, that was kind of fun.

I just mean your point of view is a little- It's hard, but you know, we have to open up.

We have to be tolerable, tolerable of all people.

I can't talk on this podcast.

So you want to be tolerable.

I want to be tolerable to these views.

You've always said that you are- I've always said that you are- I think we just have to open up.

I've always said you're the most tolerable- You're opening up all the time.

You're an asshole.

I've heard that.

But it's time to play a feature we haven't had on the show for a little bit.

It's time to play a little game we call Would You Rather?

Okay, it's time to play Would You Rather.

That, of course, is the Would You Rather theme song that lets everyone know that it is time to play Would You Rather.

And we all know how we play this.

Usually people send their Would You Rather submissions and scenarios to our Twitter account, which is CDRWYR, Comedy Death Ray Would You Rather.

And I pick a few, I read them to you guys, and then I will open the floor for questions.

And you can ask me questions about either scenario to try to narrow down your choice and figure out what you'd rather do.

Do not vote immediately, like you don't have all the information.

Only I have all the information.

And then I will close the floor.

We will vote.

We'll tally up the points and we'll figure out who's the winner.

All right, this comes to us from Benjamin Cook.

This is BJCSX on Twitter.

Benjamin Cook, he asks- I bet he is BJ.

Come on, bastard.

He asks, would you rather be a marionette controlled by your enemies or be a puppeteer controlling your friends and family as marionettes?

Oh, the classic 50-50.

Actual marionettes.

Yes.

Okay, I am opening up the floor for questions.

Here we go.

Who has a question?

Okay.

Joe seems to have one.

He's fomenting one.

So if I'm being controlled, how long does this go on, like for the rest of my life?

That is a great question.

A lot of people don't think to ask that question.

What's the window here of torture?

A lot of people don't think to ask that question because everyone just assumes it's for the rest of your life.

No, it is up until six months before your death.

So once it stops happening, you know you only have six months to live because you have that information that you know it's- So you end up wanting it to keep going in a way.

In a way you do.

That's a great way to think about it.

No matter what pain you're going through in this life, you want it to keep going because once it stops, your life is over.

You don't know what's on the other side of it.

Yeah.

I'll tell you what's on the other side is nothing.

That's not true at all.

There's no heaven, there's no hell.

That's not true at all.

We all agree on that.

There's heaven and hell.

That was going to be my question, am I going to be controlled in heaven or hell?

That is a great question.

Yeah, whatever you choose, you do the same in heaven, yeah.

But no, after you die though, then you're free of all the restraints, right?

No, no, no.

You pick it back up again.

Oh, you pick it back up again.

I have to say- You pick it back up again?

No, you get a three-day long weekend.

Three-day?

Oh, that's nice.

I have to say, Pastor Phelps, you should be careful answering this because if your enemies are controlling you like a marionette, I think you know what they might- Well, I was going to ask, are my enemies faggots?

I would say with almost 100% certainty.

Yeah.

Yes.

Boy, yeah.

So yeah, you basically, Pastor Fred, would be controlled by the homosexual community.

Can you give me an example of something they would do if I was a puppet?

No.

They would probably have you come out and give a press conference where you renounce your hatred of faggots, whereupon you would then- Wait, would they control my words?

Most marionettes, you just control your limbs.

They could move your mouth up and down and they'd probably put words in your mouth.

Oh, that's a great question.

But they can move my mouth, but I can still- They control your mouth and your jaw, but not your tongue.

So you could try to- You could try to speak different words.

I could battle with my mouth.

And they're probably going to have you destroy your own faggotometer, I would guess.

Yeah.

And they might have you put it away permanently.

Yeah, they might have you chop it off and sever- Ow!

God!

Ow!

Stop dick-smacking our guests, please.

She was asking for it, the way you're dressed.

Very wrong and inappropriate on every level.

Casey, question for either scenario or either.

Your choice.

No.

No?

Really?

No, yeah.

You know where you want to go?

I mean, yeah, I think I'm there.

All right, all right.

Joe, any- I think I know what I'd want to do.

Hmm.

Pastor Fred?

Now, what was the other option?

I control my family.

Friends and family.

Not your enemies.

Your friends and family.

Now, that'd be a lot of responsibility if I had a lot of friends.

It's a lot of work.

So how many friends am I allowed to control?

I would say that when you are the Marionette, you kind of take it easy because you're not in control.

Exactly.

But when you take charge of your own destiny, it's a lot of work, a lot of responsibility.

This is a laziness issue.

Yeah, you have a lot of friends.

You have about- Do you have a lot of friends?

I have an entire flock of God hates fag supporters.

Okay, so all of them you'd have to control.

It's just a lot of time in the day.

You know what?

I am controlling right now my family and friends.

Not as Marionettes though, like you.

No, I can't control their arms.

Just their brains.

And their legs.

Just their brains and legs.

Just their brains and legs currently.

Yeah.

So for you- At present.

It would be a lot of work.

A lot of work.

All right.

Oh wait, here's another question.

Question from before.

So when does this, it starts now, so I have all the knowledge of my friends and families, like dreams and hopes and goals- Oh no, you don't know anything about their dreams and hopes and goals, you're just controlling them like Marionettes.

I'm just controlling them, okay.

Yeah, you can't read minds.

Come on, Joe, you can't read minds.

Well, okay.

Was that in the question?

Can you read minds?

No, no.

No, come on, man.

No, you're right.

Can you control them all at the same time, or do you have to work on one at a time?

Well, you- What happens to the others while you're working on one?

You know those big kind of stick things that control several Marionettes?

Oh, that's what it's like?

Mean tree dicks.

It's that stick thing.

It's only up to 10 at a time.

So for a guy like you as hundreds of followers, you can do 10 at a time, but it's going to build up.

It's going to be a lot of work for you.

Right.

I know my vote.

Okay.

So has everyone locked in?

Yeah.

All right.

Here we go.

I'm closing the floor.

Floor is now closed.

We're going to take the votes.

You know, how do you like to vote?

I'm going to vote that I'd rather be controlled because I'm very lazy.

I'd rather not have to deal with making people do other stuff.

So you wouldn't want the responsibility of going around controlling all the other members of the state?

No.

Right.

Exactly.

And if my enemy is controlling, maybe he'll have me do something exciting.

Yeah, that's true.

It doesn't mean- Maybe get some of those auditions, you're always failing.

Am I getting an audition?

No, you got one of them.

And I might, I don't know, I might be able to beat somebody up, you know?

All right.

That's- Those are my two things, get an audition and maybe be able to beat somebody up.

Yeah, your mind.

There's a lot of repression going on.

You're selfish about your career, you're frustrated about your career, and you're frustrated about people around you taking advantage of you.

All right, Casey, how do you like to vote?

I'll go the other way.

Really?

Yes.

I like to take the initiative and probably control friends and family.

And why is that?

Make them do nice things.

Oh, come on.

That's the dumbest thing ever.

Now you didn't ask any questions about it.

I wouldn't want my enemies to control me.

I think that would be, they already run my mind enough.

You didn't ask any questions about it, unfortunately, you are not able to do nice things.

You're basically doing evil things for your friends and family.

So out of my laziness with questions- Yeah.

They came back to bite you at the bus.

Yeah, I did.

You're causing them to stomach rape each other.

What?

Yeah.

It's just nasty business that you're doing.

What about people's critics?

What is stomach rape?

We established stomach rape earlier in the show, that's basically what happened to Casey at that audition.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah.

Right.

So I'm sorry- That's a thing, guys.

I'm going to have to dock you points because you did not ask the correct questions.

I'm docking Joe points for asking about the mind control.

Pastor Fred.

I would like to be- Don't let Pastor Fred win.

I vote on being controlled by my enemies.

Really?

That's surprising.

Wow, that's surprising.

Yes.

Okay, why is that?

Well, when you said I would have to operate a tree dick, I don't want to hold on to a tree dick all day, every day.

That'd be embarrassing.

So you would rather have the homosexual agenda coming out of your mouth and- Well, you said I had control of my tongue, and I think I could- I could battle my tongue, and I feel like it's out of my tongue.

But when a homosexual man puts his tree dick into your mouth, you're only going to be able to control your tongue.

That's going to happen?

Yeah, of course.

Of course.

I can rip his dick off with my tongue.

I don't think so.

That's powerful.

No, because the homosexual community- I just hope you don't- That's like a bionic tongue.

I hope you don't lose your Sierra Mist campaign with your enemies.

Yeah, have you thought about that?

Yeah.

Have you even taken that into consideration?

They would never abandon me.

Try putting that to the test, though.

By the way, do you have something to say about Sierra Mist right now?

It's refreshing with all natural ingredients.

Okay, I don't.

All right, so let me tally up the points for that round.

Joe, I docked you three points, so you only have 999,997.

You took it.

Yeah, no, that's fair.

Casey, I'm docking you a million and one points, so you have negative one, and Pastor Fred, you have a million, so you're in the lead right now.

Wow.

I think for the very fact that the phagatometer has been slapped across my face twice, I should have more points.

But I'll give you one point for that.

And points for saying mine face?

How about a little bionic tongue?

You have negative...

Oh, God!

This is...

Seriously, Scott, this is unacceptable.

I look at you, Scott, not even at Pastor Fred.

What, am I supposed to control my own show?

Come on.

All right, here we go.

Next question, Katie Money, Katie Levine asks, would you rather live in a world with flying sharks or be chased randomly by the big boulder in Indiana Jones?

Flying sharks or chased randomly by the big boulder in Indiana Jones?

I'm opening up the floor for questions, and Joe, looks to me like you have...

Yes.

Have we, the society, discovered or created armor or some protection from flying sharks?

Great question.

We have...

Basically, what we've done is we've created two-faceted head armor, okay?

They fly up just above you at about eight feet off the ground, and it has two prongs.

Basically, it protects your head and keeps you from being shark shit on, so it has like a little bowl on top of your head.

So you've created it, but it takes about two and a half hours to get into and about three and a half to get out at night.

So a lot of people...

At night?

Yeah.

Oh, when you're taking it off, I see.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So it doesn't...

A lot of people sleep with it on or just don't even wear it.

It's a lot like bike helmets, you know?

Can the sharks take a chunk out of the midsection or no?

Great question.

Following it up with another great question.

This is how it's played, guys, by the way.

He's getting in there with two questions.

So...

Not just taking a pass on questions altogether, got it.

They can't swim down that low.

No.

Okay.

Oh.

Yeah, they can only bite your head off.

To drill your head is the only...

Okay.

Yeah, that's the only thing susceptible to attack.

Okay.

Great questions, Joe.

You're zooming up.

I'm getting points, I would hope.

Yeah.

You got one and a half points for those questions, by the way.

So you're still...

You're not in the lead yet.

Flying sharks and what...

And then...

Randomly chased by the boulder.

From Indiana Jones.

Yeah.

Are you remembering what the other one was?

I'll give you half a point.

Okay.

What's that mean to be randomly chased?

What does it mean?

How do you mean?

You gotta be a little more specific.

Randomly chased?

That's not getting more specific.

That's just saying the question.

That means it chases me not all the time?

Great question.

Okay, there we go.

No, it does not chase you all the time.

It only chases you when you get nervous.

Much like the man thing, anything burns at his touch, anything with fear burns at his touch.

Every time you get nervous, all of a sudden, boom, you hear that big giant boulder crashing.

Oh man.

Can you do something to take something from your nerves?

Like Xanax?

Yeah, like my beta blockers?

No.

So as long as I'm not at a Lady Gaga show or something, a boulder won't be chasing me, is what you're saying.

Why would you be nervous at a Lady Gaga show?

Is it because of your Fagadometer?

Yeah.

My Fagadometer would be going off.

Going off like crazy.

Yeah.

So it affects you like if you go out on a first date or a blind date or you have a big I do not date blind people.

Or you have a big sermon.

That's true.

I do get all nervous about my big sermon.

So basically what happens is the boulder crashes through the big double doors of the church and then murders everyone there in the church.

Is there the Holy Covenant of the Ark?

Is that somewhere behind the boulder all the time?

That is part of it, yeah.

It's behind the boulder all the time floating right behind it.

So you try to dodge the boulder, but it's because it's always, it's like a homing beacon.

It's always following your back.

You're never able- And it kills other people as well.

Yeah.

You're never able to get behind the boulder to get that Ark of the Covenant.

Does that affect your choice at all?

Yeah.

Okay.

Can you protect yourself from the boulder?

Great question.

No.

It flattens you much like a pancake.

And it's not like a video game where you get another life.

That's it.

No.

You know what?

I got news for you, Joe.

I think I just lost another point.

Yeah.

It's kind of reading the minds question.

You lost three million points.

Oh my God.

That was a lot.

Yeah, you are really- That was a lot.

And those are life points.

How many, wait, back to the sharks.

How many are there?

Or do we know?

Is there a final number?

Three million points to Joe.

Back.

I'm back in it.

You're back in it.

I'm back in it.

How many sharks are there?

Yeah.

There's two.

Two in the whole world.

Yeah.

The shark sounds like the best thing.

That doesn't sound so bad.

It doesn't sound so bad.

They're about the size of Africa.

Oh my God.

So that's gonna cover- Then they probably can't even see us.

They're so big.

Yeah.

Or like plants into them.

They're also your roommates.

So they, yeah.

But that means we live in a big house.

Or a big house.

Lots of room.

I love big houses.

That's crazy.

So that's maybe not so bad.

Are the sharks- The sharks are over the edge.

Straight are gay.

The sharks are gay.

They're definitely gay.

Gay flying sharks?

Yeah.

They fly eight feet above the earth and are as big as Africa.

And are your roommates.

Wow.

And you can protect yourself from them.

Yeah.

With armor.

Right.

Are they covered in black people like Africa?

Pastor Fred.

Come on.

I'm not even gonna- I'm sorry, Negroes.

I'm not gonna dignify that with the yes response that it would get.

All right.

Any other questions here?

All right.

Closing the floor.

We're gonna go to Casey Wilson first.

How do you like to vote?

I'm gonna go with the sharks.

Sharks.

Why is that?

Because I get nervous a ton.

They run me and I don't want to be on top of everyday nervousness, a boulders right behind me.

Plus you're probably killing innocent people who just- No, no, no.

I don't care about that.

It's just I get nervous a lot and I'm afraid, you know, those consequences seem steep.

All right.

Good.

Good answer.

All right.

Joe?

I'm gonna go with sharks.

And a revealing answer.

Also sharks.

I'm gonna go with sharks.

Why is that?

I feel like that's more manageable.

And I also get nervous.

I think we all do.

And I just don't want to- I'm also not- I have bursitis.

I can't run very fast, you know, from the boulder.

So I'm gonna go with the sharks.

So you're not gonna run from the sharks, really?

Well, if I have, no, I will, but at least I have some protection on my head that might be able to give me some extra time.

That's true.

Take a couple of bites, you know, my head and still be okay.

Dive under a table.

All right.

Good.

All right.

Pastor Fred, how do you like to vote?

I'm gonna go with the sharks as well.

Really?

That surprises me.

The gay sharks.

Yeah, yeah.

I've always- Well, you said that I live in a big house.

I love the fire from hating faggots and settle down.

Oh, really?

Is it a kind of a grind?

Does it wear on you?

It does.

It's not easy to determine why everyone's a faggot every day.

You know, you don't strike me as a guy- Protest funerals every day.

It's a bummer when you protest a funeral, people are a grunt.

Wow, so you might kind of grow out of this or kind of move on?

It's a stressful job.

Think about that.

Going to a funeral to protest.

Sounds horrible.

It's terrible, yeah.

When people are at their weakest- You'd have to be a terrible person.

American soldiers, I have to go protest a dead soldier.

You do that for a day.

It's exhausting.

I don't feel sorry for you.

It's exhausting.

But even though your voice is kind of making me feel, like, a little sorry for you, but it's hard.

Well, it feels like he's coming around.

It feels like he's coming around.

It's hard.

You seem to me like a guy who doesn't have a lot of hate in his heart when you really get down to it.

When you peel back that layer of the onion.

Or have the love of God.

But I mean, you seem like a guy who, like, who might actually love faggots.

Like if you met one personally and weren't protesting him, and, you know, like you just seem like a guy who, just a regular guy to me.

Maybe.

It's just hard.

I just...

Yeah.

Life catches up with you.

Why don't you stop for a while?

Life is tough.

Because everybody has a job.

Why don't you stop acting?

Why don't you stop going out on stomach auditions?

I can't tell you how to live your life.

No one can stop me from that.

Do you ever take a vacay?

Oh, yeah.

Sean?

I go to a fire island every summer.

What?

Fire?

That seems like it's just...

It's a beautiful...

I love fire islands.

I love you.

I'm Providence Town.

What?

Not where I would picture you.

No.

And what happens during these vacations?

Gay head on Martha's Vineyard.

That's also a nice place I like to go.

Do you turn your faggotometer off?

Oh, yeah.

For the vacation.

I'm off the clock.

You're off the grid.

I'm sucking balls.

Oh my gosh, Pastor Fred Phelps admitted it here on this show.

That's only on vacation.

I mean, when you're on vacation, you get drunk probably.

You're not an alcoholic.

God looks the other way during vacations.

Oh, yes.

You know?

And especially if you're in a different state.

Oh, yes.

Yeah.

Definitely.

I never vacation in Kansas.

Alright, well, I'm tallying up the points, and let's see, Joe, you get five million for your answer.

Casey, you get six million, so you're back on the- Back on the board.

You're in the thick of it.

And Pastor Fred, for that revealing information that you just gave me, where you opened up your heart to me, I have to say I was touched by what just happened, and you get 30 million points for that.

So you are a big winner, Pastor Fred.

31 million.

Wow.

That's a lot.

Sierra Mist is also a winner, I think.

Yeah, go ahead.

Since you won, you can say anything about Sierra Mist you want.

Lemon and lime, the flavored soft drink, maybe natural lemon and lime flavored.

You're just saying the same three things over and over.

What the hell?

Give me talk points.

What else are you gonna say about it?

It's like a mist in the Sierra.

Alright, congratulations, Pastor Fred.

That is, of course, how you play Would You Rather.

Shut up, shut up.

The theme's playing.

We played the whole thing again.

Shut up.

The theme is playing.

Shut the fuck up.

A lot of trumpets.

Shut.

Joe.

I warned her.

I won't warn you again.

Shut the fuck up.

The Would You Rather theme is playing, otherwise how will people know that we're not playing it anymore?

You're on thin ice.

He's keeping track.

You're on thinner ice.

Shut it.

I think you're big.

My thanks go out to Pastor Fred for not talking during the Would You Rather theme.

He has a spaget on her.

In his mouth.

He can't talk.

Wait, he's got it in his mouth?

Alright, that is how you play Would You Rather.

What is that tooling in your...

Only faggots interrupt themes.

Alright, guys, well, we only have one feature left to go on the show, and it is, of course, our most beloved feature of all time.

This is something we call Plugs.

That is our Plugs theme this week by the Ornith theologian.

We've had him do something before.

The Ornith theologian.

What do you think about that title for a musician, Pastor Fred?

Yeah, I love all theologians.

Even ones that worship birds, I think, would be the...

What was the first word?

Ornith theologian.

I believe that would be some of the worships birds.

It's time for Plugs, and you know how we do it.

We go at round table style.

Okay.

We did it a little more free form, where anyone could just kind of jump in at any given moment, and it was a little like jazz, or like bio-digital jazz in a way, where just like, you know, boo da bop da boo boo, like we'd get a plug from you, a plug from you, a plug from you, you know.

But now we just kind of do it in order, and at this point we will go counter-clockwise as far as all of our perspectives, and we'll start with Joe Lattrullio.

What do you have to plug, sir?

I have a movie called Wanderlust, which is coming out at the end of the year, or in October.

I've heard a lot of great things about it.

It was very fun.

My fagatometer will be seen, because I play a nudist winemaker in the movie, and it was a lot of fun.

All right.

And release date at all, or just one or two?

October.

I don't think we have a date yet.

I cannot wait.

Yes.

I've heard great things about it.

Who made the film?

David Wayne's next film that he and Ken Reno wrote, starring Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston and a lot of amazing people, Mullen Ackerman and Jordan Peele.

Wait, who did you say?

Mullen Ackerman.

Oh.

What did you say?

I got excited for a second.

I thought you were giving me a part.

Oh, and Scott Ackerman's in it.

Oh, man.

I'm now a bum.

In a movie that's already shot.

Yeah, why not?

V.O.

You can do reshoots.

You can do reshoots, too.

Slip me in.

Yeah.

I've got the money for it.

I'll come down, you know, put the tennis balls on in front of a green screen.

Mocap it.

Yeah.

And that's great.

Yeah.

That's kind of a reteaming of the role models, which you were so funny in.

I liked.

Yeah.

So great in.

And Casey, now we're going to go clockwise to Casey.

Yeah.

Happy Endings starting this week.

Or starting.

It may have started last.

It started last week.

Or it might start.

Maybe it's run for a couple weeks.

Yeah.

We don't know at this point.

We don't know.

It starts on Wednesdays at 10 p.m. on ABC.

Does it go Modern Family, Cougar Town, then Happy Endings?

Cougar Town, Modern Family, Happy Endings.

Oh, great.

Okay.

Yeah.

And I do a show at UCB with hilarious ladies called the Realist Real Housewives.

Ah, that's a great show.

It's great.

Yeah, we take trends.

Trends?

Faithfully transcribed.

We just talk about trends.

We have transcribed.

Did you say trans-vista?

I can't.

I don't think I can say the word transcribed again.

But we have taken transcripts from all different Real Housewives shows, and then we perform it as a serious staged reading.

Is that a script that you turn into a woman?

What?

Transcript.

Okay.

It's a very funny show.

I give that one a C-.

I give it a D at best.

It's a very funny show at UCB with Jessica Sinclair and Daniel Schneider.

Monthly?

Or?

I feel monthly.

Morgan Walsh.

Do your schedules kind of sync up when you do the show, or do you kind of work around each other's schedules in that regard?

Yeah, yeah.

We do a show when we are all menstruating.

Okay, good.

So that it's anger.

So people can just smell the excitement coming off of you.

Oh, I give that a D.

Pastor Fred, what do you have to plug?

Well, I'll be protesting the opening of Wanderlust.

You're just protesting our events?

Happy endings.

You can see me at the Sidney Lumet funeral this weekend.

Each weekend.

You poor thing.

And I'm also a big fan of Matt Besser.

What?

Oh, boy.

Yeah, at Matt Besser on Twitter.

He's a funny guy.

He calls into our eardrop every once in a while.

You've called into that.

I call in with the God hates report every once in a while.

Okay.

I enjoy that.

So...

Check it out.

And Freak Dance the movie coming soon.

Oh, excited for that.

He's got a Freak Dance movie on Twitter, or it's our...

I mean, his.

Get it together.

FreakDanceMovie.com.

I don't really have anything to plug.

See me on IFC this week.

And I think Sasquatch Festival, me and Paul F. Tompkins, Paul F. Tompkins and I, doing the Paul F. Tompkins and Scott Aukerman show.

And that's been Plugs.

And what do you say we close this out with another good old fashioned improv scene?

Yeah.

All right.

Let's do it.

Engineered dog.

The first one was so good.

We need a...

Double down.

We need an occupation.

A roofer.

And we need a time of day.

6.30 a.m.

Roofers.

Boy, getting a lot done early in the morning.

And we need an opening line.

Throw it on down.

Okay.

And this is just...

This is gonna be like jazz.

Anyone can say any part of that line that they want to coming into the scene.

All right.

And time in.

Throw.

It...

On.

Down.

Why'd you guys say that?

Well, I mean, we're roofers and...

That was weird.

You faggots, get on off my roof.

Oh, God.

God, here we go again.

Get off my roof.

I didn't think about this.

Duh.

All right.

Time out.

All right.

We'll just call that a loss.

All right.

That's been it for this show.

Thanks so much to my guests, Jolo, Casey, Pastor Fred.

We'll see you next week.

This has been Comedy Death Ray.

We'll see you next week.

Fuck.

The world's dead.
