---
layout: page
title: 102. Tim Heidecker, Neil Hamburger [3065⧸20984].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Hey, everyone. My name is Hot Saucerman. I'm back. This is Comedy Death Ray Radio and let me hype as they say in the biz. Biz is another word for business. That's what we say in the biz.

We call it biz. My guest for the entire hour, he has never been on the show before. This is his first appearance, hopefully not the last. You know him from such amazing comedy offerings as you have Tom Goes to the Mayor, where he played the titular character, one of the titular characters. Tim and Eric, great job, awesome show. Or I may have that wrong. Awesome show, great job. You have the upcoming bridesmaids. He says nary a line, but he's there smiling.

His name is Tim Heidecker. Welcome, Tim. Thanks. It is such a pleasure to have you on the show.

I get requests for you all the time to be on the show. People are constantly coming up to me on the street. I don't know why they think they can bother me on the street, but I prefer to be left alone normally, go about my day. Even if you recognize me, I sort of wish that you'd kind of leave me alone. We're maybe talking too much about me right now, but you're one of the most requested guests ever, and here you are on the show. I will admit that a lot of people say, hey, can you bring Tim and Eric on, but half is better than nothing. I would prefer to have you on the not at all, which we did for 100 episodes. It was unsuccessful, and you're here, you're with us, you're all hyped to go, you're set, you're ready, and we're going to have a great hour.

What's the format of the show? Is it Q&A, or is it- I tend to have some Qs, which you would then A.

Okay. Well, what's the first question then?

The first question, I mean, I would love to just do sort of a career retrospective of you.

Well, okay, we're not- I mean, starting with you, I know you made a bunch of shorts with Eric and then showed them to Bob Odenkirk, who then decided to produce a show. I know sort of the basic history of it, but I would love to just kind of traverse through the lilacs of your career and pick some at random and just smell the lilacs and talk about them, and you seem incredulous that I- No, I just, the discussion, I don't know where to go with this.

Oh, well, I mean, it's easy. Let me just explain to you. We would start basically at the beginning and then go kind of chronologically- Right, yeah. You want to start with my music? Why don't we start with my music, which is what I'm here to talk about.

The most recent thing, and then we'll go backwards?

Sure. If that's what you need to do, let's do that. But let's start with the music, because that's why I'm here.

Okay, start with the music, meaning- Meaning the record that I put out that I'm here to promote, not the Tim and Eric shit.

Okay, so you don't mean the music from Tim and Eric- No, I mean- Awesome show, great job, which is great. By the way, I'm a big fan of the show.

Okay.

I love that record. You gave me a copy of that record a while ago. We played on the show all the time. Can we start there with the music? Can we start kind of- That would be great.

Okay, so those songs on that record, the awesome show, great job record.

Okay, you want to start there? I thought you meant the new record that I just put out.

No, I mean, just talking about music in general, you've done a lot of music for the Tim and Eric show. You did a lot of music for Tom Goes to the Mayor.

All right.

And is that something you're interested in, is doing music for television shows?

What do you think?

I think you probably are, because you do so much of it.

So, and you do a great job at it.

Thanks.

And I'm a big fan.

Thank you very much. Can we talk about the new record now?

Yeah, sure. I mean, we can definitely talk about the new record. The new record, I think, is definitely, when I listen to it, it's definitely influenced by the work that you did with Tim and Eric.

Okay. All right. Yeah, I guess I could see that.

You're a musical guy. You did a lot of music for the TV show, and you're a musical guy. And so, I can see the progression.

Yeah.

How...

I bet you can. I bet you can.

I'm sure when you're sitting there and you're tinkling on the piano doing stuff for the TV show, all of a sudden you start thinking about, oh, wow, this doesn't necessarily fit into the TV show, which is great, by the way. I love the show that you did. You have a movie coming out with your...

The band does? Or the...

No, you and Eric, obviously, I think I'm talking about. Do you have a movie coming out with the band?

No, that's why I was a little confused. You brought that up because we don't have a movie coming out, and I requested that we speak only about the band.

I did not receive that request.

Well, check your inbox.

Oh, okay. Engineer Doug, do you mind bringing up my email? You know my passwords.

You don't have to do that now. We can do that later. You know what...

Wait, I'm sorry. Did you want me to check my inbox or not?

Do whatever you want to do. This is your show. I'll do whatever you want. You want to talk about Tim and Eric, I'll talk about Tim and Eric.

Oh, great, great, great. Okay, so I'm a big fan of Tim and Eric. First of all, where did you guys actually meet? Did you come from the same town or did you...

I don't know, man. We even met at a candy shop.

Wow, I've never heard that story before. At a candy shop? Which one?

Yeah, who cares, man? I just... fucking five and dime. Get used to it.

Get used to the five... You know, maybe you're getting the wrong idea about kind of the purpose of me bringing you on this show.

Okay. Why don't you enlighten me?

Okay, I'd be happy to. I'm a big, big fan of you personally. Can we talk about just stuff we've done together or parties that we've gone to or...

Yeah, I guess it's all... I guess it's... Whatever we agreed on is sort of thrown out the window, so why don't we just do whatever you want to do.

Great. Okay, that sounds perfect. Okay, so let's first start with Tim and Eric. You met at this candy shop, the five and dime. And then how did you know... Did you get into a conversation where you're like, oh my gosh, not only are we both kind of funny and comedians, but we have a similar sensibility? Or did you...

Yeah, that first one works.

The first thing I just said?

Yeah, the thing that you just made up. That works. That'll be good.

Okay. So obviously then once you figure out you have the same sensibility, you...

Oh yeah, yeah. You tell me.

How do you... Well, I'll phrase it in more of a question.

Thanks.

How do you then transition from doing web shorts into a television series?

Me. Money. You get paid and you do it. You do it because people pay you to do it.

How...

I don't know. Why do you do anything?

Well, I don't get paid for this, so I do it because I really do it.

Then you guys are getting some bad advice. Somebody's giving some bad advice to you.

Sorry.

Who's giving you advice?

We have a team of people that advise us on everything we do. And we could talk offline about who those people are. And I'd be happy to introduce them to you because they've done us world good.

Oh, awesome. I would love to talk to those people because I feel like I'm sort of floundering.

Are you at... Which one of the big agencies are you at?

We're at Pete Dennis.

I've never heard of that one. I've never heard of Pete Dennis.

He's a small agency and we've been with him since the beginning and we don't turn our backs on old friends. So I don't know about some people here.

I mean, I've had a few agents, sure, over the years.

You don't know Pete Dennis?

I've never met Pete Dennis. I would love to be introduced to him because obviously...

You never heard of PDA?

PDA?

Pete Dennis Associates.

Oh, I mean, I've heard of the other PDA.

The public...

No, no, no, the personal desktop.

Yeah, that's I guess another one. Maybe he should change it to something that's a little...

Well, he's had tremendous success with PDA and also just with Pete Dennis Enterprise, PDE.

Who are some of his other clients at PDA and what are some of his other enterprises at PDE?

Two-part question.

That's the magic of... He doesn't talk about any of his other clients and we don't ask.

So you have no... You've never seen someone passing through the halls?

I don't go there. He calls me.

He's not... One of the beauties about Pete is he's not located in Hollywood. He's not in Hollywood. He's in Little Rock.

Little Rock, Arkansas?

Mm-hmm. You got a problem with that?

No, I don't. I mean, I don't have a problem with it. It just seems like it would be difficult to get things done for you.

It's all cellular. It's all phone. It's all internet. It's all fax. So...

He works a lot with fax technology?

Fax contracts that I sign every day.

You sign contracts every single day?

Yeah, a lot of our deals are daily deals. So they need to be re-upped sort of on a daily basis. That's sort of normal, par for the course when you're dealing in the high-level projects that we get involved with.

So like the Tim and Eric movie that you're doing, every single day you have to sign a contract to continue?

On the advice of counsel, I will not address that, but generally, yes.

Huh. Interesting. Well, Comedy Death Ray, by the way, we're talking to Tim Heidecker, really getting into, I guess, the business side of his comedy, which is maybe surprising to people who would like to hear about your art form.

Okay.

You know, you kind of are...

Go to a museum if you want to see art. Truthfully.

You don't consider what you do to be artistic?

It's artistic, but we're in the business of that, business art. And I treat musically, I treat it all as music. And art can be music, but right now you have the lizards and the charlatans who present music as a commodity. And if comedy and art is commoditized, then it becomes about the same as a bushel of cereal grain, and it's worth as much too. Sorry, but that's the world we live in, and at least I'm honest enough to admit it.

This is surprising to me, I have to admit. I mean, I had always viewed you and especially Eric as...

Oh, especially Eric. Okay.

I mean, what I mean to say is, especially the work you do with Eric, that's kind of what I meant. Especially you guys, and the stuff you do is being like you do it for the love of it, I would have thought, because...

Love every minute of it.

Sounded a little facetious.

No, no, no, no, no. We have fun. I'm just kidding with you.

That sounded facetious, too.

No, no, that was straight from the heart. Don't get it. Go ahead.

Well, obviously you would like to talk about the record.

Yeah, yeah, finally.

The record that we played a couple of weeks ago. We played a bunch of songs which people are then able to snip out of the podcast and play on their own iPods.

Well, I hope not. I hope that's not the case, because these records cost money to make, and the only way it makes sense to make them is when people go out there and pay for them and the money comes back my way.

So...

I mean, but you're doing really well.

Oh, okay. Well, then I guess I don't have to worry about it. I guess I don't have to schlep down here and sit in this little room with you and talk about it. I'll just sit back home and wait for the checks to roll in. Thanks. Thanks for the update.

I really do want to say I'm a big fan of what you do. I mean, maybe that's not coming across exactly... Not only am I a big fan of your art, but I feel like we're personal friends and we've hung out a little bit and you've never actually acted like...

So why don't you tell tales out of school, Scott? Go ahead.

I mean, do you not like people to know who you hang out with outside? Is that private as well or...?

I'm an open book.

Well, this is Comedy Death Ray. If you are new to the show, maybe this is your first one.

Try changing the dial. Jesus.

Do you not want people to hear what you...

No, go ahead.

I mean, we're going to get to talking about your music, which could benefit you greatly.

I mean, this show has...

I mean, I don't know what direction you're spinning in, man, but it's unbelievable. Unbelievable.

Unbelievable.

Well, let me spin it into this direction and be a little more...

You know, welcome to the spin room. Jesus. It's just another gimmick.

It's not really a gimmick. I mean, it's more of a very straightforward question and answer.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, I ask you questions. Have you not been on any kind of talk show before?

Nothing like this. Nothing like this. No, no.

I mean, normally I do have to say you're usually with Eric. Does he kind of keep you on track with this kind of stuff?

Hey, hey, man. That's in somebody else's world.

Maybe he's the one who sort of is responsible with interviews and kind of...

Somebody left their coat at the door, you know.

Does he tend to chastise you before you go out on stage and try to keep you on track or what?

We'll see.

All right. Well, let's get it back to your music because I don't want to insult you any longer.

All right.

So, you're there at The Awesome Show, great job, and you're writing songs and...

That's how it is.

Does every song that you write get onto the TV show or...?

Yep. Every song I write gets onto the TV show. I just have to sit down and write a song and it gets on the show. And it's easy to write songs. You don't have to think or work hard at it.

I noticed you brought in a keyboard in front of you. Do you want to maybe... Is there an example of... Oh, that's nice. That's really pretty.

Yeah. I'll tell you how to write a song. It's easy.

Okay. Here we go. This is Tim Heidecker. I know we had a little problem early in the interview, but Tim Heidecker is going to teach us how to write a song.

Let me just pick out a couple...

And then what would you do after that? So, you tend to write the music first and then the...

Say if I... That's nice. That's really nice.

Give it to a lyricist and he puts the rest out.

Oh, you have a lyricist? You're sort of like a Bernie Taupin kind of person that you work with? Or a Tim Rice?

Yeah. Yeah. We give all our music to a lyricist that we've been working with for five or six years now and he puts words to it.

I would think that considering your show is a comedy show and you need the ideas for the sketches first, you would first write the lyrics and then farm out the music, but you do it the exact opposite way. Are you ever surprised when you get the lyrics that, oh, wow, that doesn't have anything to do with the sketch we're writing, but does it change what you tend to...

Are you talking about the TV show?

Yeah, I'm still talking about the TV show.

I'm talking about side projects.

Oh, okay. I mean, obviously the Heidecker...

Oh, we're going to talk about that now.

Yeah, the thing you want to talk about, the Heidecker and Wood record?

Well, I thought we'd talk about... I'd like to talk about Tiananmen Square, my garage rock group that I have.

Well, I hate to bring this up, but I finally get around to talking about the record that you just put out. It seems to me like you want to sell some records because you don't make enough money or something. Apparently, PDA isn't...

Well, I made this clear when I came in that I want to speak about the garage rock of Tiananmen Square because we're playing a show in two weeks at the... What's the place on Sunset?

Where the door is played.

Oh, the Whisky of Gogo.

Yeah, we're doing a showcase at the Whisky of Gogo, my group, Tiananmen Square.

What's the date on that?

I don't know, man. You have to look at the website. You have to go to whiskyofgogo.com.

What is that? Whisky-a-go?

It's whisky-a-go-gogo.net. And this is a Tiananmen Square song.

Oh, great. Okay. Exclusive.

No, I'm sorry. Sorry.

It's a full rock heavy band group.

So the...

Doesn't sound good just on piano.

So the lyricist hasn't finished with that one yet, or is the now...

I was just giving it a taste. I'm not giving it all away for free.

So you hold the lyrics back.

I just play drums.

Oh, you play drums in this combination?

Yeah. In Tiananmen Square, I do.

Oh, wow. Who plays the piano part, or is that...

Comedian Dave Foley.

Really? You're in a band with Dave Foley?

Mm-hmm.

That's amazing. He didn't mention this when he was on the show a few weeks ago.

No. He doesn't want to draw too much attention to it right now because this is just a showcase.

We're trying to...

Get representation?

Yeah.

What happened to being with PDA?

Well, no, this is different. That's not comedy. This is music. This is a different ball of wax.

Oh, so PDA doesn't have a music wing?

I never asked.

Well, you were just bragging about how you've been with him ever since the beginning, and you just never asked as to whether he should also represent you in a musical capacity?

Yeah. I mean, it's just... I'm embarrassed. It's embarrassing because he's very judgmental and very critical of our work, and I think... It's a long, complicated relationship, father-son relationship.

Critical of... When you say our work, do you mean you and Eric or do you mean the band?

Everything I do. I mean, every choice I make, every breath I breathe, every move I make, he'll be watching me.

Funny.

That's true.

That's funny.

Yeah.

Sting.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, sting. He has a new best of out. Have you gotten that?

I guess we're here to promote that now.

Okay. Well, let's get back to promoting your... I guess the Tiananmen Square gig.

See, those are two chords and you already have a song.

It sounded nice.

Where'd you learn how to play piano?

Self taught.

All right.

Jeez.

No, no, no. I had studied with all kinds of professional Stevie Wonder, whoever you think of.

Stevie Wonder, you...

Yeah. You give me a gimmick, I'll give you a gimmick. How about that?

I don't know.

Play that game.

All right. Well, tell me exactly what you'd like to talk about because I'm not making any headway with you. God, this reminds me of another famous interview. I'm drawing a blank on it, but this whole conversation has not gone the way that I thought it would.

Billy Gibbons?

Billy Gibbons from ZZ Talk?

Yeah. He did an interview with Matt Lauer on Today Show, I think, about two years ago.

No, I was thinking of the interview with a vampire, that movie.

Okay.

That didn't go well, as I recall, for Brad Pitt.

Right. I wanna tell you about the record we put out, Tim and Eric... Tim, what's the name of it?

Tim and Eric?

Hydecker and Wood.

Hydecker and Wood, starting from nowhere.

Even you get confused sometimes.

I'm not perfect. I didn't claim to be perfect. And anybody that goes on record saying I am has got a big wake up call coming because I'm coming to you calling your house direct and better get the coffee on because I'm coming and I'm gonna stay.

Cool. So, you... Hydecker and Wood.

Yeah.

You put out a record.

Let me explain something, how the music business works.

Okay. Here we go.

You write from your heart.

You record from your heart. And you gotta do the rest from your head, from your brain, from your mind.

Wait. So, you record and write from your heart. And then the rest meaning...

You gotta be strategic. You can't be a dope.

So the rest meaning like actually making the CD and sending it to the right company that will manufacture it and stuff. You gotta do that from your head.

Yeah.

And then...

You can't be dumb because I did this myself. A lot of people, they turn to whoever, Capitol Records or some other gimmick.

Oh, I see. So, you're saying that you put it out yourself. It's on your own label?

Yeah. That about says it. And you send your...

All I did, you seemed to get a little defensive when all I did was say you put it out on your label and then you scoffed at me as if I was stupid for saying that. What is...

It's smoke and mirrors. I mean, first of all, everybody... I don't care if you're Aerosmith or you're Bob Seeger or you're Ricky Martin, whoever, you're all putting it out yourself.

Your label is just smoke and mirror. Universal, whoever, name a record label. Go ahead, name a record label.

Sure. Geffen.

Gimmick.

Okay. We can stop there. I don't need to name more. I'm sure you're just going to say gimmick after each one. So, we'll just kind of put an end to that. So, talk about whatever you want to talk about. The highdecker wood, whatever you got. Go ahead. You have the floor. Uninterrupted it. I won't even say anything, but start... You have 120 seconds. Say whatever you like starting now.

Well, the records on iTunes, it's called Starting From Nowhere. It's some of my most personal, most beautiful music I've ever created in my life and that's saying a lot because I work very hard at it and it comes from a very deep place.

The heart. We talked about that.

And when you put some music out on your own, there's risk and there's risk in everything I do. I live on the edge. I live on the edge of a knife and it's a sharp knife. It's a sharp blade and it doesn't come cheap.

Expensive sharp knife.

Japanese blade.

Okay. So, an import.

Absolutely.

Probably get those import fees.

And my point about using your head when you put shit out is... Sorry, I don't know if I'm allowed to use that word.

No, you are.

I'm not allowed to use that word on your show. And the reason it's a ruse, the reason it's like a game of dice is I might have a demo of the CD that gets out before it gets mastered and all of a sudden people are treating it like it's the real deal. Sorry, folks.

Did that happen?

No, but the potential for that to happen exists on a constant basis.

But it didn't happen so you could say maybe look on the bright side and, hey, I'm glad that didn't happen.

Well, that's a good attitude. I suppose I should work on that.

But you know...

In general, I would say, yeah, work on your attitude a little more and you might be a little more successful certainly in the publicity department.

Another thing you gotta keep track of is where you're sending for the duplication because you don't know what could happen. People could take that and first of all not even do the job that you hired them to do and then you...

Seems like you wouldn't pay them if that happened.

Do you pay up front or what? Normally, it's kind of like a half up front, half upon completion of the job.

On the company that I went with, who I'll never work with again, I paid all up front and CDs took six months to get back.

Holy, is that what... When did you record this CD?

Oh, 2008.

Wow.

That's three years ago by my count.

Yeah.

I feel like I should mention them because I would love to promote people that do great work but I also wanna make sure people avoid getting into situations where they're gonna get ripped off.

So this is an unpromotion, stay away from these people.

Go ahead.

Classical.

Classical?

Yes.

How do you spell that?

K-L-A-S-K-A-E-L.

Okay.

Classical.

Okay.

I like classical music but not spelled the same way.

Not even really pronounced the same way either.

Some people pronounce it classical.

All right, so stay away from them.

Yeah.

I sent them... I did a small order.

I did 30,000 CDs.

That's a small order?

For them it is.

It's a minimum order you can do.

Oh, okay.

For $3 CD.

Okay.

$90,000.

You paid up front and they never did it?

No, it took six months, I said.

It took six months.

And I only got... I paid for 30,000 CDs and I only got 10,000 back.

Huh.

So what do you do in a situation like this?

They said that they sent all the rest of them along to foreign buyers overseas.

What they said was German record stores.

So maybe...

Maybe you'll see some money from that coming down the line.

Yeah.

How many of the 10,000 have you sold?

30...

Yesterday was 38.

Huh.

Yeah.

It seems like you made kind of an error in judgment there, making so many of them.

Well, yeah.

I think right when I decided to do it, if you look at the timeline of the record industry, right when I sort of wrote the check and sent the mastered CD, right after that, the record industry took a dive.

And you know...

I don't know if you're getting the chronology quite right of the record industry and kind of...

I mean, but go ahead.

I don't mean...

Yeah.

I mean, I think any fool could tell you that CDs are not selling at the rate that they were selling in 2008.

That's probably true.

Yeah.

But I would say that if you'd done a little more research, you could have seen that that was maybe coming a little before 2008.

All you gotta do is pick up a copy of Billboard, and that'll tell you more than you even need to know.

Okay.

All right.

Well, anything else we need to say about this?

Who's this Wood guy, by the way?

How come he doesn't put up 45 grand?

Daven Wood is a man who helped record the music and write the music.

Helped?

Creatively.

Or did half of it.

Collaborated.

Yes.

He pulled his share.

He pulled his 50%.

He'll get it.

He'll be rewarded financially in the future for the work he's done.

It doesn't sound much like a partnership.

It's a partnership that you'll never be able to understand, because you sit here alone and you've got a guy here working with you.

I don't think anybody even knows it.

I think everybody has this sort of vision.

No, engineer Doug.

We talk about him a lot.

I think people out there probably had this vision of you doing everything on your own.

No.

I talk about the people I work with all the time.

And it's just another gimmick.

It's another mirage.

All right.

Well.

David is one of the originals.

He's like one of the 12 apostles and they're going to be lining him up for sainthood.

Are you on anything right now?

You came in here with dark glasses.

You're not looking at me.

You're laughing at weird, inappropriate times.

Are you taking some sort of a hallucinogenic or depressant, antidepressant, uppers, downers?

It's always the quick assumption, but no, man, I feel beautiful.

Okay.

I've been up for two days.

Oh, okay.

Well, that's the life of an artist sometimes.

Yeah.

I mean, we're doing junkets.

This is how it is.

I was in New York.

I was in Spain.

I was in St. Louis, in Austin, Texas, Denver, Colorado.

You can stop naming cities.

We get the gist.

Well, I appreciate being at the tail end of that junket.

Yeah, I mean, this ain't the tail.

I'm assuming this is the beginning.

This is the beginning.

Oh, this is the beginning.

Yeah.

Sorry.

I feel bad for the people who are following.

I'm doing KPCC tonight, all things considered.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Are you going to get a little rest before you do that and maybe lighten up a little?

Yeah.

We're both staying here at the W Hotel.

You're both?

I'd say you're both.

My assistant, George.

Oh, that's fun.

He takes care of all this crap.

All these gimmicks.

I guess I don't really appreciate you calling my show crap.

No offense taken, but look in the mirror sometime and hold up your- No, I am taking offense.

Well, apology accepted.

I am not accepting your apology, nor did you apologize.

Well, you know what, sometimes it takes a friend to tell you the truth, sorry.

What is this truth you're trying to get at?

That's a game.

It's a charade.

Yeah, we've heard this.

All these code words for whatever it is you're trying to say, a game, a charade, gimmicks.

What are you trying to say, Tim?

What are you trying to say?

I'm saying that this is not going to last.

It's temporary.

This is not radio.

You're afraid.

This is what's happening.

You're afraid, aren't you?

Everybody has their own force field.

I get it.

Everyone's got their own shields that they gotta use.

Your shields are up.

Up high right now.

Absolutely.

I get it.

Because I don't trust you for a second.

Even though we're friends?

Yeah.

I get it.

I get it, man.

Yeah.

When you put yourself out there, it's difficult.

You don't understand how far I'm putting myself out.

I think that's what you're not appreciating.

You put out a record.

Yeah, I get it.

Yeah, a self-financed record.

Yeah.

It's a brand, just on the duplication.

That's the tip of the iceberg.

Yeah.

That's the tip of the iceberg, what I spent.

Session musicians, I know.

That's right.

I spent, let me put you this way, take the number I spent on duplication, triple it.

That's what I spent on production.

Okay, $135,000.

Not even close.

I tripled it, and now you're saying it's not close?

That's just giving you an idea.

Well why wouldn't you give me more of a specific idea by giving me an accurate number that I should?

Because it's an old poker trick.

Never play your hand.

All right.

But I get it.

I understand, man.

Hey, I'm a poker player.

I've been there.

I play the cards.

You can't put me up against the wall and roll the dice and expect me not to play bluff.

It's not really how you play poker, but I put myself out there every week.

I don't get the greatest feedback for this show.

We have a lot of fans, but I'm not going to take offense at anything you say anymore, because I see that you live in fear.

You're a small man who is pathetic and takes cheap shots at people in order to feel better about himself.

I'll tell you something about you.

You're holding nothing in that hand.

You've got a three, a five, maybe a jack, and maybe a couple of twos.

But if on the board there are two jacks and a two, I have two, three pairs right there, which as we all know is a winning poker hand.

In my scenario though, on the board is a different story, and I'm holding a full house.

You have a full house based on what?

If the board has the two jacks and the two twos on it.

No, the board doesn't have the two twos.

The board has all kings.

Wait, so then both of us have four kings, so basically we would split the pot.

So your full house doesn't win anymore.

I have the ace of diamonds though too, and that trumps every card.

Okay, I have the ace of spades.

It doesn't matter.

Okay.

All right, we'll tell you what, why don't we play a song off the record that I love.

We played some songs from it a few weeks ago.

Play Tooty Fruity.

That's not one of your songs.

I don't know why you're dismissive of your own music now, but why don't we play Life on the Road?

Is that a good choice?

Yeah, that'll take up some time.

Okay.

More than take up some time, it'll entertain some people, and when we come back, hopefully you'll take off the sunglasses, you'll be a little lightened up.

This is Comedy Death Ray.

We'll be back with more Tim Heidecker right after this.

See me, is there anybody out there tonight, under the spotlight light?

Never thought stage life could be so lonely See me, I thought it would be different somehow Working my whole life to be an entertaining man I thought giving autographs would be better somehow Who'd have thought that shining my name would cause me such pain Name a town, name a face Chances are I've played the place Get on the stage, put on your hat and do the same old fricking act Get on the bus, get on the plane Remember everybody's names Then sit behind the guitar, play the chords Life on the road, life on the road You can tell, you can tell Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road You can tell, you can tell Love on the road, love on the road You can tell, you can tell Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road, love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Jackknife on the side of the road Wind coming out of the east We just left Barry and his bride At the motel San Luis He had one too many brandy's Oh I should have stopped him long ago But what kind of man tells another man When he's had his full Oh the weatherman said There'd be another full moon tonight How come he's always right Love on the road Love on the road Love on the road Toe truck on the side of the road 20 questions about the wreck Salty dog driver just happy to see That we didn't go off the cliff Said I might need some stitches To fix up the cut on my head All in all Could have been worse Could have winded up for dead Oh the weatherman said There'd be another full moon tonight How come he's always right How come he's always right Sunrise on the side of the road Picked up Barry and we headed to the sand Where four of us Sat in the ocean wind I said Barry when are you gonna grow up And finally put those brandy's down He said soon as you and that car of yours Start to slow down Oh the weatherman says There'd be another full moon tonight How come he's always right Oh the weatherman says There'd be another full moon tonight How come he's always right How come he's always right How come he's always right And that is Heidecker and Wood The Weatherman written in the past We found out before the Before we listened to it Not written in the present And not written in the future And then traveled back to the present In order to debut it It actually was written in the past And I want to thank Tim Heidecker And Neil Hamburger for driving by the show They were great They abruptly took off Which is a little rude But not any more rude than Tim and Neil were during their appearance But we have a special Very special thing happening right now And I'm very excited by this Because we all heard We had Susanna Hoffs and Matthew Sweet on the show Playing songs from their record And I have another legendary group of musicians I guess one is a musician and one is a lyricist But I guess if you're a lyricist You still are considered a musician I don't know, we'll ask them all about that But Elton John and Bernie Taupin are on the show Welcome guys Hello, thanks for having us here Thanks a lot and so pleased to be here with Bernie Hey Elton, it's Bernie I've never met you before But you called up and you wanted to do the show And I of course People loved the music on our 100th show Susanna and Matthew did a great job And you guys must have heard about that And that's why you Well it's funny I know her And I know Matthew as well And it's wonderful to hear they're doing well And wonderful that the music is still being played Yeah, because a lot of You know around 2008 the record industry kind of took a dive And as we all know For some, for some You're still doing well though Elton, Bernie?

Yes, yes It's been an incredible ride And I've been so fortunate to work with the great Bernie Taupin Can I ask you Elton, where are you from?

I'm trying to place your accent right now Well, originally from London, yeah Okay, just London general Been a while General area Been a while, yeah Been a while since you've been there?

Well now I've lived all over the world All right, well it's great to have you guys here And you have something very special that you're here to talk about Yeah, you know A lot of people don't know that when we first began And end up to this day when Bernie and I worked together So from the moment you began until up to this day That's right, well Bernie and I have worked together for 30 years now At least Seems more like 40 40 years, yeah And the most amazing thing is we've been pulling off a bit of a con game I suppose A bit of a charade as you will How to say this the right way I'll say it like this We're doing a series of shows And for the first time people will be able to hear the music and the words As they were originally crafted by Bernie Taupin Oh wait a minute, okay so these are your songs Pardon the pun Your songs, Elton John, the songs you performed But the versions that we all know and love are not the Well that's right And what people don't know is that the way Bernie wrote music and words The way the songs were created was this way He would write the song with the lyrics and the music And send me a tape Remember that Bernie, the old reel to reel Pay a lot in shipping Yeah and I would get this package and I would open it up and put it in my reel to reel To your place in London That's right Or wherever I might be But at that point you were in London before you were famous Later I was in France or New York You were in the army for a little bit as well right Wow, I'm not bringing that up I mean I brought it up so we can talk about it since I brought it up Yes, the Royal Navy Oh that's right, the Royal Navy For about a decade Before you became a singer Yes, I was a young sailor Kind of a mascot, I mean you must have been really young I was 12 when I joined and was there until I was 22 10 years And why did you want to get into the Navy?

Me da basically dropped me off at the door and said here you go, here's your new life The door of the ship?

The entrance to the naval Usually you call that a hull by the way It wasn't the ship, it was the You being a seaman I would imagine It's a long time ago Scott, we shan't get into it The point being as to go back is I would get these wonderful recordings from Bernie How did you know each other first of all?

We hadn't met So Bernie you would send these unsolicited to Elton?

Yeah Okay, so Elton a great day arrived where you open up a package I hadn't thought musically, I hadn't thought about Korean music It hadn't occurred to me that it was possible So you didn't even play the piano or didn't even No, I didn't even know I had the gift And I'd come home from a long leave A shore leave Yeah, I was currently at shore leave Having come back from the East Indies This is in like early 20s probably, you're still in the Navy You're taking shore leave Yes, and there's this package from some Bernie Taupen Bernard Taupen it said And I opened it up and I put the real reel on Because I knew it, I could see it was a record, it was a recording, a tape Good eyes And nothing, just a letter that said here are my songs And I played it and it was, you know, well It was so unique Bernie, so wonderful And different, and I said, hmm, here's something What if I took the words and threw the music out And started from scratch musically Interesting, so now a lot of times I would imagine That when the songs were written I would think that everyone would think this That you wrote some music down, you'd dash it off to Bernie Who writes lyrics to it, but you're saying that Bernie You would write the music and the lyrics And then you changed them into the versions we all know That's right, yeah, I took the music and threw it away So now you're here to play the versions we all know That's right, I've taken the You're here to play the versions we all know Of some of your greatest songs We were speaking with our friends the other month ago at dinner And I said, Bernie, you remember the music From all the songs as you wrote them originally And I can't remember what you said, you said Well, yeah, basically he did And I said, well let's get the old sheet music out And let's see how they stand up, you know So we're out playing them and we're doing a few shows in L.A.

And we'd love to play a few of the originals for you right now You're not playing the songs we all know and love You're playing the originals, all right Yeah, we're playing the original arrangements Of classic songs you already know So what is this one that you're about to play?

Which one would you like to start with, Bernie?

Daniel, oh yeah So now we all know this one, it's Daniel, my brother Don't confuse Bernie So I've got my sheet music here In Spain I can see Daniel Waving goodbye Oh, it looks like Daniel Must be the clouds in my eyes Daniel, my brother You're older than me Daniel Wow, the chord never resolves It's amazing musically Look at the sheet music, you have to look twice Oh yeah, it just stays right there Bernie, what are you thinking? What's in your mind?

You're just holding it Wow, that was fascinating, that song changed so much And for the better, I would say Bernie, it seems like you have no gift for melody at all And Elden, I'm so surprised that you taught yourself how to play piano And then taught yourself how to play such beautiful versions of these terrible songs Gratefully, he included the sheet music Some of the most complicated arrangements are some of Bernie's original music Because they don't follow any kind of rhyme, no reason There's no instinct with it, it's all reading So it's very challenging What's the next one you have here?

Basically, the first hit was your song Your song, I love this song It's a little bit funny, this feeling inside I'm not one of those who can easily hide I don't have much money, but boy, if I did hide by a big house Where we could both live if I was a sculptor But then again, no The man who makes potions in an avalanche show I know it's not much But it's the best I can do Okay, well, Elden, I have to say I'm growing more and more appreciative of your talents by the song The mere fact that you were able to take these reels and find anything redeeming in them is amazing to me Did you basically see these songs and really respond to the lyrics?

The lyrics are wonderful, they really are That's what attracted your eye then?

I attracted my ear Oh, you listened to the lyrics?

It requires quite a sophisticated mind Well, you have one, definitely That's what Princess Die is to say about me, actually That's so nice, is that why you wrote that song about her?

I never got to, I never got to meet her Okay, well what is next?

You have, what is this one?

Oh, speaking of Princess Die Yeah, that's a segue we do on stage and we'll be doing that tonight at the Hollywood Bowl Candle in the Wind, one of your most famous songs, your biggest seller And it seemed to me you lived your life And it seemed to me you lived your life And it seemed to me you lived your life And it seemed to me you lived your life like a candle in the wind Never knowing would I cling to when the rain set in And I would like to have known you That I was just a kid, your candle burned out Long before your legend ever did Okay, so, wow, there was a scary part in the middle of it where things got It's all sort of spoken word at the moment, isn't it?

Yeah So we have time for one more Yeah, sure, one more, which one is your favorite out of Philadelphia Freedom?

Or no, do you like the other one?

Are you not taking requests?

We can We can take requests, yeah Okay, can I say Rocketman? Is that a Alright, so the original Rocketman, CD-R exclusive Oh, oh, oh, oh She packed my bags last night, brief night Zero-hours, nine AM, and I'm gonna be high as a kite My dear I miss you so much, I miss my wife It's the only hell in space on certain times And I think it's gonna be a long, long time Till touchdown brings me round again to find, to find I'm not the man they think I am at home Oh no, oh no, I'm a Rocketman Burning up his fuse up here alone A Rocketman, Burning up his fuse alone A Rocketman Wow The texture is so different, you know, it's such a different It really kind of sounded like a rocket was just shooting off and crashing I'm amazed at it, it's still Middle of the sea I honestly think if we recorded them as they were written musically, they'd be in a completely different category In a musical Yeah, definitely in the trash bin probably But that's the thing, now I think you've discovered them that There's a lot of genius actually in the way the compositions were created So shittily crafted and just haphazardly put together Watch it Don't cross Burnie, don't do it, do it at your own risk I should say Okay, so you're not giving me orders, you're just working No, yeah Okay, well that was fantastic guys, thanks for giving us a glimpse into rock and roll history Come to the Hollywood Bowl tonight to see Burnie and Elton live for the first time Tonight and every night No, just tonight and the next two nights we're doing it, it's all free And you can come and you just don't even It's free really Three free shows, it's the first time the Bowls have done it And thank them, it's only a ten minute show So we felt terrible about asking for cash Why not do three of them in one night, that must be a lot of overlay Overlay, overhead?

Yes, I'm doing a lot of television that week So you can only fit in ten minutes Yeah What television are you doing?

We're doing Wheel of Fortune and I guess it's called Celebrity Jeopardy as well Okay, both of you together?

No, just myself, not Burnie Burnie's got way too much going on work wise Oh, what are you doing?

Well he's working on lyrics and music and memorizing lyrics Because Burnie never had to learn the words, he had to write them and he never had to learn them So you have to memorize the lyrics as you write them and then what do you do, you call up Elton and say more?

Let Burnie feel that one Sure, okay, Burnie Alright, well guys, thank you so much for coming by, it was really fun I believe we're at the end of our show If you'll stick around though just for a second because as we all know it is time for Plugs Though they may make me buy a drink or two Shits and drinks cost so much money I really don't mind if I'm laughing at you I'm such a big fan cause you are so awesome Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me Tell me where you'll be All right, that was our Plugs theme by Alec Augustin submitted that as professional musicians.

What do you guys think of that, Elton, Bernie?

Well, I thought it was fantastic, you know, great music.

When you hear the lyrics, what do you, does it spark any ideas?

Yeah, I was thinking maybe you can do more of like a...

Oh, hold on, Bernie, hold on, Bernie, yeah, take a breather for a second.

Something like that, you know.

That sounds a lot like one of your existing songs.

No, I know what you're thinking of, Tiny Dancer, right?

What did Tiny Dancer sound like?

See, that was like that, that goes...

That's Tiny Dancer.

This would be...

Okay, I don't see the, oh, so it's just you fuck up slightly?

No, it goes to A to the, it goes to A, G, and this new one will go to the B, C, see?

Okay.

A little different, yeah.

It's very...

What was the original Tiny Dancer?

How did that go?

That went like...

Oh, that's like, okay, so it's just a slight change.

Yeah, well, that's all music is, isn't it?

It's all, you know, you only got eight notes to work with, so.

So wow, Bernie did a great job with that one.

How's the melody?

Oh, you're saying Bernie's version, oh no, Bernie's version was quite different.

It went a little bit like this.

Okay, yeah, that's right.

Yeah.

All right, well...

Blue Jean Baby, you know.

Blue Jean Baby!

It was very striking, almost like Vincent Price or something.

Yeah, a very scary song, not the beautiful one that we've come to know.

Wonderful song.

All right, well guys, do you have, obviously you're plugging your show.

I wanted to plug for Tim and Eric, who left, not Tim and Eric, to Tim and, God, I just love their work though, Tim and Eric's work, they're just great together.

I hope they never part, I hope they never do anything apart.

I really love everything they do together, not so much separately, but they did want to plug, Tim wanted to plug his record, of course, which is on iTunes, the Heidecker and Wood record.

It's also, if you go to littlerecordcompany.com, you can get it.

Neil Hamburger wanted to plug his app, which, I forget what it was called, but, do you guys remember what it was called by any chance?

No, but it's a Neil Hamburger app, you can look up Neil Hamburger in the app store, I think you can get it.

If you go to EltonJohn.com, you might be able to find it.

Okay, you're a big fan, huh?

And then, you guys, and this is serious, you guys are giving away an mp3 of the original versions of the songs if you donate to Tsunami Relief.

Yeah, send an email to dinnerheads at gmail.com.

Dinnerheads at gmail.com, and you basically send an email with a receipt that you've given.

That's right.

And you'll get a free mp3 of some of these.

Yeah, yeah, that's right.

That is great, so make sure you do that, and there's also a link to that on Tim Heidecker's Tumblr account, I believe.

And also, Heidecker and Wood, they have a Largo show on the 27th that's coming up this week.

The 27th, you can hear those songs performed live, gosh, I wish they would have come in here and performed those live, right here in the studio, but you can see them at Largo.

And as for me, check me out on IFC this week, I don't know who I'm talking to this week, and that's it for the show, and I want to thank you guys so much, thank you for dropping by.

Cheers.

All right, see you next week, let's hear one more Tim Heidecker and Wood song, and we will see you next week, bye-bye.

Wow.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you for giving me a listen.

Winter has come early and the snow is freshly laid.

The children are asleep and so I must be on my way.

Many miles ahead of me and many miles to go.

Cannot look a ton away from the calling of the snow.

We're going cross country skiing.

Skiing across the land.

Cross country skiing.

Where the river meets the land.

Sun is on my pillow, but I'm not in the bed.

I'm out in the country snow with a ski cap on my head.

Coffee in my belly will surely keep me warm.

A mountain lunch packed in my sack of raisins, nuts and corn.

We're going cross country skiing, skiing across the land.

Cross country skiing, where the river meets the land.

Up ahead is Dundee's barn surrounded by the pines.

Ski's behind me bound for making perfect snowy lines.

For a change I'll lead the path, forge a road anew.

Wondering if the rumour of the hills ahead are true.

We're going cross country skiing, skiing across the land.

Cross country skiing.

Watch out those hills are coming fast.

Sliding down the hillside.

These skis weren't made for this to fight.

Boy from now on, let the river be your guide.

Thank you.

This has been an Earwolf Media Production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.
