Coming up on the show today, it's CDR Radio's two-year anniversary show!

Special guests galore, fun games, and three major announcements, including the fate of What's Up Hot Dog. All of this and more on today's...

What's up? How are you doing? This is Hot Saucerman. This is the second anniversary episode on May 1, 2009. A fresh-faced young fellow by the name of... I forget his name, but it changed to Hot Saucerman. He stepped into a radio booth and started a revolution!

That may be overstating it a little bit. My guest for the entire program is Paul F. Tompkins.

You know him. He's a friend of the show. He is here, as himself. Other special folks will be dropping by. Okay, I promised three major announcements, so let's get to the first one.

This may come as a surprise to everyone, but this is the show formerly known as Comedy Death Ray Radio. What? Engineer Doug, what does that mean? Starting right now, the show will be called Comedy Death Ray Radio No More. That is right. After two years, the title of this program is changing! From now and henceforth, the new title is Comedy Bang Bang!

Oh, not over yet. That is right. Comedy Bang Bang, which, Engineer Doug, may sound better if you imagine an Asian woman saying it. Comedy Bang Bang! That's how it was intended. Speaking of Asian women, I think my wife, Coolop, who you all know from Who Char Did, I believe she may have come up with that name. Why this? Why now? If not now, when? If not me, who? As many of you know, eight and a half years ago, Comedy Death Ray started as a stand-up show in a bar, and two years ago I started this radio show, which turned into a podcast, thinking it would be a radio version of the show kind of advertising who was going to be on the UCB show that week.

But two years later, it's kind of become its own thing. It's wildly different than from what I originally thought it was going to be and what I intended it to be. So, I think it only makes sense now to give it its own name, make it its own thing. Therefore, Comedy Bang Bang! All right, cut that off. Cut that off. I knew that was long, and that was three times longer than I thought it was when I was picking that out in my iTunes. Okay, so Comedy Bang Bang will be changing the name, changing the logo, the theme song, the T-shirts, so get the last few remaining T's with the old logo while you can, instant collector's items. That's one way of looking at it. This show is technically going to be called Comedy Bang Bang! The Podcast, while the live stand-up UCB show will be called Comedy Bang Bang! Stand-up or something like that, as to not have the confusion that has occurred over the last couple years of people coming to the live show and thinking that it's going to be me hosting these people. Anyway, so that's what this is all about.

And I haven't talked about it on this show yet. It leaked to the press a couple of weeks ago, but here's the second major announcement. If you're familiar with the IFC interstitials that we've been putting out as Comedy Death Ray, those are still going to be continuing all year long. I have some amazing interviews that we've already done with people like Paul F. Tompkins, those have just started airing. We have Brian Posehn, Ron Howard, I interviewed Ron Howard recently, those will be coming up all year long, those will be airing. But the exciting news, and this is the second big announcement, for the people who want more, a lot of people have been writing saying three minutes is not enough. Well, we are going to be making a pilot in the upcoming months for a Comedy Bang Bang TV series based on this podcast. Okay, stop.

All right. So sometime this week, we are going to debut the new logo over on Yearwolf and on comedybangbang.com. You can head over to comedybangbang.com for all your Comedy Bang Bang needs, whatever those needs may be. I'm not sure exactly what they'll be. Don't worry about your iTunes subscription to the show or your RSS feed, any of that stuff. They'll transfer automatically over to the new title. Now, I know that several of you would have preferred the new name be What's Up Hot Dog, the podcast, but it is not, I thought about it long and hard.

I tell you that was a second choice. And at the last minute, I went with my gut.

But I promised you a major announcement regarding my ex catchphrase, including poll results.

But for those, you are going to have to do what you normally do, which is fast forward to the end of the show, which is where all of that will be. So let us commence the reign of Comedy Bang Bang. Oh, God damn it. That is not having the intended effect. Plus what is, this is like skating music from the fifties. This was not a good choice. Couldn't I have gotten the Black Eyed Peas to come in and record a song or something like that? Well, all right, cut it off.

Comedy Bang Bang is here. All right, well, let's get to our first guest. You know him, you love him. He's been on the show multiple times, hasn't been here in a while from what I understand he's been down under. And if you want to know what that means, ask his wife. It's Paul F. Tompkins is here.

Seriously, don't ask my wife about that. Oh, she didn't know that you went there?

This now. Where'd you tell her you went, Paul? I didn't know you were going to go there.

Girlfriend. Girlfriend, thank you. I always forgot to take it from her. Oh my God. I felt like it was an unreturned high five or something. I was just waiting for the girlfriend and you.

You know, that feeling is so terrible when a high five is unreturned. Oh, I hate it.

And somebody comes in at the last minute. I like when a stranger, when a passerby sees that you are in distress and they high five. He'll do it. Yeah.

I love a good Samaritan. Or she. That's how bad the Samaritans were, is that it was remarkable. There was a good one.

Paul F., you're here, you're queer. Get used to it.

Why not? What do you got going on, my friend? It's been so long since we've heard from you, talked to you, spoken to you, et cetera. Oh my heavens.

All of the above. Things are good. You know, things are good.

Do say, do tell. I'm still doing all the same things I was doing the last time we spoke.

A lot of standup. I do my monthly show at Largo here in West Hollywood.

But enough about your career. Tell me about your personal life.

Okay, shut up. I just celebrated my one year wedding anniversary.

Oh. That's such a coincidence because we're celebrating our two year anniversary here on the show.

Oh, that's true. That's not, well, you and I?

Well, no, this is the second anniversary show. So that reminds me that you got married right around the first anniversary. Yes, I guess that's true.

Yeah, that's how I gauge everything on my anniversaries of this program.

That's how I gauge everything too. You'd think I would have picked up on it sooner.

Did you have a first anniversary show for Comedy Desperate?

Yes. As a matter of fact, I believe you were on it perhaps doing, no, scratch that.

I believe you may have called in. I may have called in.

I believe you called in from my honeymoon. Yes, that is right.

That's what happened. From Hawaii.

Oh yeah, from Kauai. Kauai, the Garden Isle of Kauai.

Yes. On the island of Kauai.

Which is where Seth Morris is during this fine program, which is why he couldn't be on it.

Is that so? Yeah, but he is not going through a honeymoon.

That's not the proper way to say it. Oh no, we all must go through a honeymoon.

He's not enduring a honeymoon right now.
