Coming up on the show today, we have the writer of The Hangover Part 2, Scott Armstrong is here, Upright Citizens Brigade legend Matt Walsh is here, and also a first-time guest that is guaranteed to give you a woody?

That's right, it's all coming up on today's...

Yes, thank you Reggie Watts, this is Comedy Bang Bang.

I am the world-famous Scottabot at your service, we have a fantastic show today, I'm really excited to get to it, and we're in the groove here, Comedy Bang Bang groove, we're doing it, we're like just fucking in the middle of it, and people are into it, people are loving it, and to the moon Alice, as Jackie Gleason once said, and we're going to the moon and beyond, to the stratosphere, I wonder what that means, does that mean past the earth? I wish I knew, ionosphere? How about that? Past the ionosphere.

We're in the middle of the Comedy Bang Bang revolution, of course, as we know, and we've talked about it several times on this show, before it was even called Comedy Bang Bang, we've talked about the Comedy Bang Bang revolution, and my Comedy Bang Bang revolutionaries, you are out there, I do not want you to mobilize yet, it is not time to take action, but soon, soon we will rise up, and we will strike against this imperialistic government, but take a breather for right now, because not yet, not yet, but you will find a call to arms embedded in a future program, and it will tickle your subconscious, and you will turn into a robot.

So, that's coming up. So, a lot of you wonder why I'm wearing the same clothes in all of the pictures that you see on earwolf.com, and mainly it's because, and I know this is like brag-plaining, in a way, which is related to a humble brag, we all know Harris Whittles is the world-famous inventor of the humble brag, but brag-plaining is very similar, but having my house worked on for the last month, it is really, I feel like I've had a baby or something, my sleep cycle is all messed up, I have to get up really early to let them in, and then they just bang all day, mixed with mariachi music, just the loud, the saws, the jigsaws, the banging, the mariachi music, they've really figured out the triptych of annoying sounds, and I don't understand the mariachi music, how it's still popular. I don't get it. If anyone has ever come over to work on your house, you know that that is what they play all day. When I say they, I mean, obviously, I don't know any good way out of this, but mariachi music, I mean, I just don't get it.

It's like modern music was never invented or something, and if someone could explain it to me, go on to earwolf.com on the Comedy Death Ray page for this episode and explain it to me, because I don't really understand the appeal. It would be like if every single white person were listening to Elvis all day or Rockabilly. I mean, I know there's a bunch of hipsters out there who listen, but is that what it is? Is that what mariachi music is? Is it like hipster music for Hispanic people? Write in, give me your opinions. I want to know, but that's why I'm wearing the same clothes in all these pictures is really because what I did not know is they taped off my clothes closet at the start of the project. No one tipped me off to that. No one said, hey, you might want to get some of your clothes out of that closet. So I'm in, I pretty much have one hoodie and a bunch of t-shirts, a couple pairs of jeans, and I am rocking it. Oh, all right.

Let's get to our first guest. On my right, he's a friend of mine. We've worked together over the past three years, and okay, let's list some of his credits. As a writer, he's written such movies as old school or co-written movies like Old School, Semi-Professional, Starsky and Hutch. He has a new movie coming out, the upcoming Hangover Part II. Scott Armstrong is here. Hello. And to his right, my left, you know him as one of the world famous UCB 4. He has a theater, which he's very busy at the administrative work on a weekly basis. It's all the paychecks. Yep. Oh yeah.

He's been in movies like every single movie I just mentioned because he's a good friend of Scott Armstrong and a great actor, great improviser, great friend. Matt Walsh is back.

Thank you. Sorry I was late. I was just going through the cleaning supplies at the theater, just making sure we have enough brooms and toilet paper. How many brooms do you have?

I'm always micromanaging that place. You know that, Scott.

You always have to clean up the laughs that are left on stage too.

There's a lot of detritus, comedy detritus backstage.

I feel like I've performed at the theater a lot, but I've never gotten to borrow one of your brooms. Anytime. Okay. Anytime. You guys are friends. You have a podcast together, The Bear Down Podcast, which talks about Chicago Bears football, kind of a niche podcast in a way. Very specific. Very specific. I've never listened to it, nor will I. But people seem to love it because you're both really funny guys. How long have you guys known each other? Since Chicago, I think briefly we knew each other in Chicago. Give me a year, because I don't know what that means. 90, yeah, fair enough.

Since Chicago, that should explain everything to you.

What time is it? Alaska. What? 97. I'm going to say 97 when we started.

Ah, 97. So no doubt on the airwaves, Limp Bizkit starting to rise to fame.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then a young Matt Walsh and Ace.

Urge Overkill. A three minute Urge Overkill.

Maybe run into Billy Corrigan from The Smashing Pumpkins.

Sure was there. It was fair.

What a great time. It was fair, yeah. Wicker Park was on fire.

Before the movie. Yeah.

After the movie, even more on fire. Well, it was kind of done then. But yeah, drinking our way. Did you guys meet in improv? Because Scott, even though I listed you as a writer and you're a producer, you also improv a lot and you're at shows at the UCB. Did you meet in any kind of theatrical capacity?

Yeah, we met at the Improv Olympic, I think, in Chicago.

Yeah, we bumped into each other at the Improv Olympic, which is pretty much the only one to teach in improv. Did you meet cute or describe the meeting? Just describe the electricity of two comic minds like yourselves bumping into each other, figuring out, hey, wait a minute, we're on the same wavelength. You get it, I get it. Let's be friends. Let's be friends for a million years. If they invent something called a podcast, let's start one. Describe what that feeling is.

I think Matt was trying to tap a keg, couldn't figure it out in the basement.

Scott had some knowledge about tapping kegs and I think we bonded over that.

We talked about our 401k plans. Yeah, and our drinking abilities, I think we both marveled at the amount of alcohol we could both ingest and then drive a vehicle recklessly home. We both liked to DUI it.

We predicted September 11th would happen. Yeah, back in 96 or 7.

Did you get the date right? We just said September 11th, but we didn't give a specific year. I had a fortune cookie that said Osama bin Dadin, but it might've been a typo, but back in 96...

It might've been. Yeah.

We'll never know. But all it said was...

Can we have researchers to figure out the name of the guy who did 9-11?

But all it said was Osama bin Laden would die in 2011, but we didn't know who that was.

Who that was, who gave a shot.

Yeah, and Scott had a hangover. I'm like, that's a good movie idea.

Wow, so you're the guy who came up with it.

No, I mean, it's... I don't know.

I wrote it down on a post-it in my gym and I was cleaning my jeans and I found it 14 years later.

You were creaming your jeans and what happened?

I was cleaning my jeans. I was creaming my jeans.

No one says that. I cream my jeans, man.

I cleaned my jeans and I had to take them off for the first time since then. I found this post-it.

It's like Ski Patrol.

That's like, yeah, exactly. From a teen sex comedy.

So now you guys have worked together a lot and I'm going to talk to you individually because I have specific questions for you each. All right. Scott Armstrong, you are the writer of The Hangover 2, or the co-writer, sorry.

Yeah, co-writer.

And how does a young...

Craig Mazin and Todd Phillips, I wrote it with.

I love that team. How does a young man such as yourself, how does someone like you get to write The Hangover 2? Second part of that question, what's it about? Third part, do you have spoilers for us because it opens this Friday? I love to know what happens in a movie before anyone else. Can you detail every part of the plot? Go.

Every part of the plot, go. Should I start with the plot? Section three?

Take them in whatever you like.

Okay. I've been a writing partner with Todd Phillips for, this is like our fifth collaboration.

Starsky and Hutch, several movies we've talked about.

Road Trip and Old School and School for Scoundrels, which I know is everyone's favorite.

Underappreciated classic.

And then, yeah, Hangover Part 2 comes out soon and the... I can't give that away.

Let's get to the good stuff.

It's a mystery. The thing about The Hangover 2 is it's a mystery movie. So if I tell you anything, it's not going to be as fun.

So someone's murdered in it or...?

It's... Well, we got to find somebody in the same...

In the same...

You've seen The Hangover, right?

You haven't seen it?

I think I caught it. Yeah, I caught it once on a plane, I think.

Yeah, I saw it on HBO.

Yeah.

I can tell you that...

It's funny. Hey, it's funny.

Ed Helms is getting married in this movie.

Okay, we know that for sure.

Yes.

That's confirmed?

Yes.

Okay, great.

Okay.

Spoiler alert, Ed Helms getting married. That's all you need to know.

The character's too pricey.

And he has a Tyson tattoo.

That's... Yeah, that's on the billboard.

That's on the billboard, so...

Yeah, yeah. And the tattoo artist is suing Warner Brothers because he says he made up that tattoo on Mike Tyson's face and...

So he should get money from it.

Yeah, so he can't use the artwork to put it on the head.

Good luck getting that from Warner Brothers.

Did you ever copy it?

Yeah.

Well, we were getting into the legalities of it. I don't think most of our listeners care about that, but give us one little... It opens this Friday. Give us one little nugget...

Or what's your favorite joke you wrote in it? How's that?

Favorite joke?

Like your favorite turn of phrase or the thing that you're really proud of.

I remember when I was writing Mr. Show, one joke I was especially proud of that I wrote was where Bob enters a blowjob contest and he says, yeah, that's why this bar named a drink after me. And they say, they have a drink called the Todd? He goes, no, it's called the Ultimate Dick Sucker.

I thought that was one of my favorite jokes I ever wrote. What's one of your favorite jokes?

I actually took that joke and put it in this movie, and that's my favorite joke.

Tell you what, you don't want to spoil anything from the movie. What's one of your favorite jokes you've written in any movie? School for Scoundrels or anything else?

Semi-professional.

Road tripping.

I love the scene in old school when Will Ferrell gets a divorce from his wife because...

Spoiler alert by the way.

Yeah, exactly. If you haven't seen it. Yeah, it's like one of those... I love that in that movie, the arc of the Will Ferrell character goes from guy who's getting married, guy who ruins it, then a guy who actually drinks super heavily, gets divorced, then in the end ends up just happy that he gets invited to an orgy. I love that we were able to make an arc that was the opposite of someone learning something and becoming something.

He's going down.

So that scene when she comes and divorces him and his reaction to that, that was a great scene.

That's what you're most proud of in your career.

Yeah.

What are you most proud of in your life?

My bicycle.

Great. Matt Walsh, questions for you. You have a movie coming out. It's called High Road.

The High Road, High Road.

High Road, no The.

No The.

Just High Road.

You can say The High Road. I'm not going to take it personally.

No, I feel like The High Road is something else.

Yeah. I think that was a Tom Selleck movie or that's High Road to China. Wasn't that it?

Didn't he make a... I don't know. Tom Selleck made it.

We'll never know. We'll never find out.

It's nowhere out there. There's no information highway.

But High Road is a movie and you wrote this and directed it? Is that right?

Yeah, co-wrote it with a guy named Josh Weiner and then directed it.

He's great. What's he from?

He's done a lot of various projects. I can't name one that would probably give him recognition.

He's a funny guy though.

He's a funny guy.

Yeah. You've done improv with him.

Yeah. He's from the world, UCB. It was mostly an improvised movie. So we had an outline and we would...

So when you say you co-wrote it, you're really kind of lying?

No, we had a story. We took a screenplay that we knew no one was going to make, and then we took 70 scenes and then broke down what should happen in each scene from that. So we had a pretty strict outline of something. That's a really interesting way to do an improvised movie. Take a script that already exists, take all the lines out of it, and then just say, go.

And then on the day, there were times where we would remember jokes. We obviously had the script and the actors could read the script if they want, but we didn't care about the dialogue.

Wow.

It was about the story.

Interesting.

And you can tell when you see the movie, it's great. It really feels so natural. No one's waiting for someone else to talk or...

Yeah, it feels pretty real.

It's cool. It's as real as this conversation right now.

Yeah, it's that good.

If you like intellectual NPR tenored conversations, you're going to love High Road.

Well, it's a pleasure to talk to you both right before your lives are about to change.

Wouldn't that be something?

Because obviously Hangover comes out, it's going to make a billion dollars. High Road is going to make maybe less than that, but it could be a billion dollars. And you guys are on the cusp and you take time out to visit this podcast and I appreciate it.

It's an honor.

Big fan of Bang Bang.

All right, guys, I'm going to spark this up a little bit. I'm going to juice this up. We're going to play a little game, all right? What do you say? This is a little game that we like to call Alive or Dead.

Bring out your dead.

All right, it's time for Alive or Dead. You both know how we play this as avid listeners of the show. Basically, I'm going to read a celebrity's name and we'll take turns and you guess if they're alive or dead. And if you get it right, we'll...

Move on to the next round.

Well, in a points way. You'll move on regardless, I would imagine, but your point tally will differ after each question or may remain the same. We'll start with you, Matt. They start off a little easier and then they get harder as they go on, okay?

As of this moment.

Yeah, they're going to start...

If they died yesterday or...

Yes, as of this taping and that brings us to our first one, but as of this taping...

Osama Bin Laden.

If they die by the end of the day.

Is it? Oh.

Do we get to midnight?

Okay, as of this taping, Zsa Zsa Gabor.

That's a great question. I'm going to say she's alive.

You are correct. Alive. As of this taping, she is alive. Great job. Point for Matt.

I'm going to keep score.

All right. Scott, turning to you, Steve Ballesteros.

He's dead.

Golf legend.

Seve. Seve Ballesteros.

Yeah, Seve. Seve? Oh, I thought it was Steve. Okay. I must have misread that.

He did. He is dead. Point to you. He died of a neural...

Fuck. What is wrong? Died of a neurological condition. Yes. Okay. So, point of peace.

Great putter.

Great putter, really?

Yeah. Shot maker. Extraordinaire. Could scramble out of the wilderness.

All right. Matt.

Sweet iron game.

Back to you. Here we go. Ready?

Part of the European invasion in golf. Go ahead. Sorry.

All right. Jerry Bruckheimer.

Live.

You said that really quick.

Are we talking about career or a person?

Alive. A live.

I'm sorry. He died. He died on Friday. Died of Jerry Alzheimer's.

Wait a minute. Jerry Bruckheimer's really dead?

Died of Jerry Alzheimer's.

All right. Moving on to Scott.

Oh my God.

That's not true.

It's one to one.

That can't be true.

One to one. Here we go.

He's the judge.

Sheila E.

He's got the iPod.

Sheila E.

Oh, she's alive and she's working on a belly total fitness right now.

I'm sorry. She died yesterday. The police only have one clue.

She was murdered. The police only have one clue.

They found Prince at the scene.

Oh, sorry. Still one to one.

Okay. Just see who wrote the obituary.

Still one to one.

Prince isn't the son of Michael Jackson?

No.

Okay.

Boy.

All right. Turning to Matt. Jennifer Jason Leigh.

She's alive.

Jennifer Jason Leigh.

She's alive.

I'm sorry. She died a month ago. She died of Vic Morrow disease.

Vic Morrow disease.

Helicopter blade.

What do we got? Is that...

No, no, no, no. Not a plane break. Sorry, guys.

All right.

I wish that was a plane break.

Scott Armstrong, Angela Lansbury.

Dead.

You are correct. She is dead.

She went to jail recently for shoplifting and was killed by all of the death row inmates she previously put away on murder she wrote. So good. We have two to one.

They murder all simultaneously?

Yep. It's like murder on the Orient Express.

Two to one.

All right. I think I'm getting the game now.

You're getting it? All right. Here we go. Matt Walsh. Jaden Smith.

Dead.

Correct.

Good.

He is dead. And what did he die from? Let's check.

Can you die from being a conceited, spoiled little cock? Let's just say that.

Wow. I think you can. First recorded case.

Two to two. We're tied up. Scott Armstrong, Ethan Hawke.

Alive.

I am sorry. He is dead. He was killed by a bird hunter who mistakenly thought that his name was Ethan Eagle. All right. We are all tied up.

I'm going to stop.

These jokes feel very fresh, like 10 minutes ago.

I'm going to stop taking criticism. I'm going to refuse criticism.

All right. Here we go. Last round. Bill Gates. Matt Walsh. Bill Gates.

Bill Gates died from hanging out with Bono too much. From Irish AIDS.

He is dead. He was killed by Clue in a deadly game of Tron after entering the grid, of course.

Okay. So with three to one, you need this to tie it up and go into our tiebreaker round. Harris Whittles. Do you know Harris Whittles?

UCB regular. Regular on this program.

Rider on parks.

Rider on parks. Rider on eastbound and down.

I'm going to guess dead.

He is dead. He assumed a sharp corner was made of foam. He leaned against it, was impaled.

All right. Wait. We're not tied up. No, we are tied up.

Yes. Sure.

Okay. We're tied up. This is for the...

The lightning round?

This is for all the money.

For the car?

Yeah.

For the juke?

That's not a Toyota parts out front with a big bow on it.

This is for all the money. Here we go. Ready?

I want Osama.

What I need you to do is raise your hand. First person to raise your hand gets the opportunity to answer. If they answer incorrectly, the other person wins. All right. Here we go.

Ready? Osama bin Laden. I saw Scott Armstrong first.

Okay.

Osama bin Laden.

He's alive.

He is alive and loving it. Yes.

Yeah. That's it?

Congratulations, Scott. That is how you play Alive or Dead.

All right. That's how we play Alive or Dead. Let's take a break here. When we come back, we'll have a very interesting guest on the program. Let's play Weird Al's new song.

This made headlines recently when Lady Gaga said that she did not want it to be put out and then she said she did. Anyway, it's coming out. I believe his new record is coming out in a week or so, or maybe two weeks. We'll have to get him back on the program.

This is Weird Al, Perform This Way, and we will be back with Scott Armstrong, Matt Walsh, and someone else after this break. Here we go, Comedy Bang Bang.

Now I'm made carpets where I'm hard to miss. The press follows everywhere I go.

I'll poke your eye out with a dress like this. Back up and enjoy the show.

I'm sure my critics will say it's a grotesque display. Well, they can bite me. Baby, I perform this way. I might be wearing Swiss cheese or maybe covered with bees. It doesn't mean I'm crazy. I perform this way. I'm not crazy. I perform this way.

I'll be a troll or evil queen. I'll be a human jelly bean, cause every day is Halloween.

I'm so completely original. My new look is all the rage.

I'll wrap my small intestines around my neck and set fire to myself on stage.

I'll wear a porcupine on my hip on a W-H-I-L. And for no reason, now I'll sing in French.

Excusez-moi, qu'est-ce qu'il y a p'tit? Come on, straight back here today. It's made of gold. No, not because I'm crazy. I perform this way. I step my grip to my feet, cover myself with rompete. I'll bet you've never seen a skirt stick worn this way.

Don't be offended when you see my latest pop monstrosity. I'm strange, weird, shocking, odd, bizarre. I'm Frankenstein. I'm Avatar. There's nothing too embarrassing. I'll honestly do anything but wear white after Labor Day, cause baby, I perform this way.

I'm here on Thanksgiving Day. If I go nude today, don't call the cops now. Baby, I perform this way. No reason I should regret all the attention I get. I'm not completely crazy.

I perform this way, yeah. I perform this way, hey. I perform this way, hey. I'm always deviating from the norm this way, hey. I perform this way, hey. I perform this way, hey. I'm really not insane. I just perform this way, hey. All right, that is Weird Al Yankovic. This is Comedy Bang Bang. I'm here with Scott Armstrong, upcoming movie, hangover part two or the hangover part two, we don't know. Matt Walsh, upcoming movie, high road or the high road, we don't know.

We'll never know. And coming to the show right now is another first time guest. Scott, you're in great company. We have someone who's never been on the show before. How's that make you feel?

I'm a huge fan of this person. I'm actually nervous to meet them.

Wow. I've never met this person. So, or can we even call him a person? I don't know. We'll find all that out. Coming to the program right now is the world's most famous drunk English rollerblading Christmas tree. Hello.

Sappity Tappity is here. Hello, hello, Scott. Hello, Matt Walsh. Hello, Sappity.

Big fan, lifelong fan of you and your work. Scott Armstrong, good to meet you.

Good to meet you. Very big fan of the hangover two.

Great movie, great cast, great cast. The hangover two the next day. Very good. Everyone liked it.

How are you, Scott? I'm a big fan of yours. Everyone liked it. Oh, thank you so much.

Big fan of this podcast. I've listened to every single one.

Really? Thank you so much, Sappity Tappity. Yes, every day.

Every day. Now, how would you describe yourself? We were wondering if you were a person, but obviously you're not. I am a tree, a pine tree. I'm a Douglas fir. You're scratching the ceiling a little bit.

Yes. Yes, I am. Yeah, our ceilings are only six feet tall.

Yes. I am a Christmas sized type of tree. I'm an alcoholic. I am an actor. I act in movies. I've lived in Hollywood for years. I am something of a legend, you might say. I've been in many movies, Apocalypse Now. I loved your work in Inception.

Thank you so much. Yes, I played all the pine trees in the Apocalypse.

Oh, I didn't know. I'm going to have to watch that again.

This is before CGI. All the trees outside the VA sent out.

I thought the ski part was a little slow, but you were great as the trees in the ski scenes.

Coming from you. Yeah.

I thank you so much. Thank you so much.

Zappity, you make me blush. Come on, Scott, you make me blush.

Two Scots, one Matt, one Zappity Dappity, the drunk English rollerblading Christmas tree.

Who is also an actor. Yes, I am. I am an actor.

The Learning Tree, the movie with a lot of African American people made in the 70s. I played the fucking Learning Tree that everyone was learning from in that Oscar winner. I was born when Peter O'Toole pissed on a pine cone in 1952. Then I was born and I came up full throttle. Somebody poured a bottle of whiskey onto my roots and I became drunk and I decided that that's fun. Just like Charlie Sheen, I decided that's my pop culture tie into myself. Oh, nice. Nice call.

That I would thank you so much. It isn't a shame about him, but I want to congratulate Ashton Kusher for taking over the role of Charlie Sheen. Were you up for that? Would they have changed the title to One and a Half Men and One Tree? Well, I called up my friend Chuck Lorian. I said Charles.

I call him Charles. He's a joke. I am available and I am currently in the middle of a breakdown as well. So we could highlight that and it would be like one breakdown loses a job, another breakdown guy gains a job. And he said, Seppitey. No. In fact, his assistant said that. I couldn't get in touch with him. He hasn't been returning my calls. I can't really say that he has, but it's a good life. I'm enjoying myself. Have you done other sitcoms? Yes. I played and I did the Cosby show.

I played a cockroach in the Cosby show. I thought that was a human being. No, no, that was a tree.

I'm a chameleon. I am. That's taken a lot of makeup. Human being suit, didn't you? Yeah, I wore a human being suit. It took hours of makeup every morning. You had Eddie Murphy's makeup guy.

Yeah, Rick Baker. I did. I was also in Saturday Night Live during the last year. Cast member?

Yes, it was Gilbert Gottfried, Robert Downey Jr., Anthony Michael Hall. Who were you? I was Seppitey Tappity. Oh, Seppitey Tappity got his own card. The drunk English ruler bleeding Christmas tree. You did a great imitation of Harold Ford. Thank you. Harold Ford. Yes, of course. Here's my imitation of Harold Ford. Here we go. Let's get in the car. Let's get in the car and go for a drive. Okay. So what's next? You were having a cracking game of Dead or Alive.

Oh yeah, so much fun. It seemed blisteringly entertaining. Let me describe you for the listener, by the way, because some people may not believe that you're an actual tree, but you are an anthropomorphic tree, a pine tree with a face. Yes, a beautiful face. Do you need me to refill your bucket underneath your trunk? Oh yes, please. Thank you very, very much. You've been alive since Spike it with some whiskey. You've been alive since the 50s and yet you don't have roots in the ground. I don't have roots. My roots have come out of the ground and now I put roller blades on and I get drunk and I do cocaine and I skate all around the city and freak out and it's very fun.

That's my favorite thing to do is put on my roller blades. I'm a rollerblading tree.

Well, that all makes sense.

I came to Hollywood and I said, what's my edge? What's my edge? There's so many trees out there, flippity-flappity, poopity-pappity, doopity-dappity. There's so many trees. What's my thing? What's my edge? I'm going to rollerblade. That's what I'm going to do. And it has been very successful.

I know in the 70s there were a lot of rollerblading, like Charlie's Angels or Chips, they would all roller skate and stuff.

Because I said the trend. I said the trend. I said the trend. I said the trend. I decided to say that four times to emphasize the point. Yes, all of that roller skating fad was started by me, of course. You weren't alive at that time, so you wouldn't remember. But yes, Studio 54, I was there. I was with Warhol. I was in the factory. I was with Miles Davis. It was crazy, crazy fucking time. Don't even fucking get me fucking started about it.

Do you, like speaking of crazy fucking back then in Studio 54, like- Jesus Christ.

Do you have sex with humans or do you- Yes, I do. I've tried. It's very splintery experience, as you might imagine.

Now, we established on this program recently that branches are the tree's dick.

Branches, well, it's really- And not roots.

Well, branches are the tree's dick.

Someone had an opinion that it was the branches.

And who was that? A tree? Because they're wrong.

It was- Paris Whittles?

No, who did Matt Besser play? What was that? Oh, that was the- He's alive.

The pastor.

The pastor, yeah. I don't know.

Matt Besser as a character decided what my thing is.

Yeah, it's heavily established.

First of all, trees don't have dicks. We are conifers, so sex for me is very simple.

I drop a pine cone on the ground and I hang out, and then eventually that's sex, and it's very orgasmic, but- And it's with a woman? Basically, you drop a pine cone next to a woman and hope that- I'm asexual, you might say. Asexual, I am a self-contained kind of thing.

But not a tree. A human, in other words, you drop a pine cone next to them and hope that a baby tree grows inside them?

No, no.

Well, you said you've tried to have sex with humans.

Think about a tree, see, in the woods. I drop a- Well, I have had sex with humans, the very splintery experiences I've had.

You said that, yeah.

You should have seen some of the things I do when I was out of cocaine back in the 70s.

I once blew Lenny thinking he was Squiggy.

Oh, dear.

I was like, sure, I'll blow Squiggy. I think he's great.

Turns out it was Lenny. Boy, was I drunk. Michael McKeon. I blew Michael McKeon.

Pre-spinal tap, so he wasn't used to just trees throwing themselves at him.

And he was truly in love with you. I mean, you broke his heart.

Yes, I broke his heart, but I was prepared. He was a fickle bitch.

He's a Michael McKeon fickle bitch. I would say it right now.

Matt, what do you think of a tree like this, just rollerblading into the studio?

Have you ever seen anything of the like?

It's mind boggling. It's actually quite an opportunity.

What do you think about deforestation in the world, losing the rainforest?

It's terrible. All these people.

I mean, if they could all be ambulatory like you, they could just move to the city.

Well, then it's like rollerblade to where there's rain.

That's why I want to make an announcement to all the trees out there.

Do you have many tree listeners?

Listening to me, let's mobilize. Get out of the ground. Come visit me.

I live in Griffith Park by the Batman cave that Batman was in.

Come visit me and we will overthrow the people.

It's going to take a long time if they don't kill themselves first.

That's the message.

Yeah, that is the happy message.

And another thing is I've got some disgusting and racist limericks that I wanted to read.

Oh, fantastic.

These are slightly less disgusting and racist than I did on the last time I was on the show at my imagination.

OK, so we're moving on from the interview portion to now.

Well, it's just some disgusting limericks that I wrote and I wanted to read them.

You weren't on the show before, were you?

No, I was not on the show before.

So many shows, they all run together.

I get it. OK.

There once was a chink from Kentucky whose wife would never sucky fucky.

He begged and he pleaded, but he couldn't get what he needed.

So that night a peaking duck got rocky.

Slightly racist, slightly racist, slightly.

That's not slightly racist.

Yeah, that's the first line.

I'm going to ask you to stop.

I think that's really offensive of you.

There once was a woman from Carolina.

Scott has a movie coming out where he's trying to court the Asian audience.

Oh, I'm sure there are no racist kind of jokes in Hangover Part II, and we don't want to start them now.

Well, exactly.

Of course not.

This is not racist. How about a non-racist?

OK, non-racist.

Yeah, that would be good.

There once was a faggot from Maine who was totally fucking insane.

He'd go to the mall and take out his balls and shout, my only friend is cocaine.

That sounds a little bit like you, a little bit.

Yes, I will, you know.

Are you trying to imply something?

No, no, I'm just saying cocaine and go ahead.

There once was a woman from Carolina with a tiny Chilean man in her vagina.

One asked, is that youthful?

She said, to be truthful, he's my Chilean veg gravy miner.

OK, these are going overwhelmed, especially in the room, really killing it.

Chinese, gays, and women.

Chinese, gays, and women. I mean, that's all Asian.

Is there any- Really?

I've got more.

Chileans are South Americans.

I've got more.

They're- Slow it down, slow it down, slow it down.

No, slow it down.

Sure, sure.

Do you write these?

Zappity, I would just be, I think you should be just ashamed of yourself.

I mean, you need to be able to see people as people.

Yeah, the human world's different, like is there racism in the plant world?

Yeah.

Just people, you can say ugly things?

Yeah, these palm trees are disgusting.

Why?

They're just dirty, they drop their shit everywhere.

They're so mellow.

They're like, hey man, hey.

Sort of like the Moroccans of the tree world.

They are the Moroccans, yes, the Moroccans, exactly, yes.

Oh, oh, I'm so mellow.

Here I am, swaying the trees.

I'm a palm tree.

They don't want to get together with me.

They don't want to hang out with me.

Get together on Thursday nights, watch men of a certain age.

Why not?

I don't know.

Am I not cool anymore?

Maybe I'm not hip.

Do trees get together and watch TV like that?

Oh sure, American Idol.

Do they call it tree V?

It is tree V, yes, it's tree V.

It's another kind of stump tree with a screen and then we watch the stump.

I have a question.

It's fun.

Have you ever been in love with another tree?

True love, like pure true love.

You've been around for 60 years.

You do a lot of, it seems like you do a lot of, you're sexually aggressive.

Yes, well, love is a fickle bitch, isn't it?

We all feel love and we all know love.

But I fell in love one time in my life with the Joshua tree.

From the U2 album?

From the U2 album.

The one on the cover?

The one on the cover.

That's a beautiful tree.

I went to Joshua tree because people were like, go up there and trip.

Go up there and take shrooms.

It's rad.

I was like, okay, I'll get some fucking shrooms and get in my Honda Civic.

How do I take shrooms?

Do you put them in your bucket?

Liquify them and pour them on my roots.

They absorb into my body and I trip balls.

So I went to Joshua tree and I saw this tree lady.

From afar?

From afar.

And I fell in love with her and here's how, well, tree rape.

Well, let's get into that later.

Wait, hold on, what?

Why did I say that?

Was the Joshua tree able to move herself away for you if she chose or was she stuck in the ground?

Scott Armstrong, writer of The Hangover 2.

That was the problem.

She was stuck in the ground.

I wouldn't relocate.

I said, move to LA, man.

It's so great.

But I mean, part of relocating means chopping or having someone else chop you down.

Scott Armstrong, Scott Ackerman, host of this program.

Yes, thank you.

You're right.

So that's got to be a scary prospect.

I mean, that's scarier than moving to an environment that you don't even know of.

If you ask me, if some girl were to say to me, hey, move out to Milwaukee to live with me.

I'm in love with you.

Chop your legs off and come live with me.

I wouldn't do it.

Exactly.

So she was like, no, I'm a star here.

People come from LA to visit me and look at me and trip out and crazy.

I'm an ancient tree.

I said, you fucking cockroach, bitch.

You fucking cock...

Because Joshua trees are the cockroaches of trees.

Oh, okay.

Do you mean cockroach, the part you played on The Cosby Show?

Yeah, well, I mean, I only said that yes for you to bring that up again.

I'm a slut for attention.

But I think I did a great job as cockroach on The Cosby Show.

I also played the third Diane on Cheers.

Really?

It was the first Diane, the second Diane, which was Rebecca.

And then there was Zappity Tappity.

But they canceled that season because they wanted to have that finale.

But at least they had three great episodes of Ted Danson just fucking a tree.

Yes, yes, yes.

Just for 30 minutes straight.

Yes, with a red socks jacket on.

That was great.

That's how Coach died.

That is how Coach died.

Ted Danson raped him.

That's horrible.

I love these people.

I'm a big fan of that show and I mean nothing by what I say.

Of course not.

So then how did...

Since then, you've been unable to love because of your love for that tree?

Unable to love, unable to feel.

And that is why I've drowned my sorrows in alcohol and cocaine again.

I'm not going to pretend my life is inspiring.

I don't want to send the message out there to kids to do what I do because...

Certainly not.

No, certainly not.

Is it true you were kicked out of Griffith Park?

I was kicked out of Griffith Park for soliciting sex for money from miners.

Literally miners, people who mine, people who work in mines.

Yes.

I was like, hey guys, you look dirty and desperate.

Maybe you'd want to suck my dick, which I don't have as we went into.

And they said no.

And then the cops came.

It was all very dirty.

So wait, were you arrested?

It was a very tough sell.

Suck my dick, which I don't have.

Were you arrested for promising something that you didn't have?

I was arrested.

Yes, they were like, this guy just totally lied to us and lying is illegal in Los Angeles Park.

I got arrested for lying.

My mugshot was on the cover of the smoking gun.

Didn't realize that that was a magazine.

Yes.

Me and Nolte was about the same time.

Great cover.

That's my favorite cover.

I love that cover.

How do you feel about DeForest Kelly?

About DeForest Kelly?

I think he is a piece, his parents are pieces of shit for naming him DeForest.

Deforestation is a big problem in Brazil, I hear, and other countries and lots of people talk about it.

I haven't gone into it much, but DeForest Kelly is, while one of the best actors of his generation.

The biggest pieces of shit, personally.

Biggest pieces of shit, personally, it's surely his parents' fault for calling him DeForest.

I mean, why don't you call your child to rape someone Jones?

I mean, why don't you call your child to destroy the environment?

Patterson.

18 years from now, there's going to be a lot of babies.

Yes.

Do you think Chris Pine is a poser?

That actor Chris Pine, do you think he's a poser?

I think he's full of shit, man.

Chris Pine, he's not a pine tree, he's an attractive guy.

I was like, also, when I was watching that Star Wars, I was like, this guy's not a pine tree.

I realized it took me a while.

That's the only reason why I fucking went, because maybe I can meet that guy, make a connection, go to a party, get something started.

What do you think about George Takei, since we're on the subject of Star Trek?

George Takei, splendid man.

Of this tree.

Splendid man.

You love George Takei.

Love George Takei.

Lovely man.

Love his, you know, he seems like he's making fun of himself, but I really- I just love his sexuality.

I love his just, you know, everything.

He's a homosexual, right?

But I love that he's just, he's out there, he's doing it, you know?

He's like, you know, it took him a while, but you know, it's not the 60s anymore, right?

Yeah, man.

He's cool.

George Takei is cool.

Okay, great.

I always wanted to know, like, what is a tree thinking when I hike past?

Well, when you hike past one?

Yeah, like, I'm always thinking, like, sometimes I feel like I'm alone, but then sometimes I feel like- Wait, when anyone hikes past, or just you?

When one human being hikes, what goes through a tree's mind when you're a human being?

Trees are a very paranoid, as soon as we see a human walking up to us, we think, oh no.

A lumberjack.

Is he going to, yeah.

Is that the cocaine?

Is he going to chop me down?

Why is it the cocaine that makes you paranoid?

For me, it's the cocaine.

I mean, for other trees, it's just like, I'm a free spirit, man.

Yeah, a lot of trees live in fear, right?

A lot of trees are like dogs who just jump at any kind of loud noise.

Yes, you have to realize, if you tree your mind, then the rest will follow.

Boo.

Be colorblind and don't be so shallow, okay?

So basically, my thing- You could have stopped at tree your mind, I think.

Tree your mind?

Instead, you went the whole hog with it.

Well, I love En Vogue.

They were good friends of mine in the 90s.

Really?

Yes.

Shame about Lisa Left Eye Lubiz.

She was not a member.

Of course she wasn't.

I was testing you, Scott.

Thank you!

Passed.

Well, I was going to read some commercial copy from this Vanity Fair.

Tell you what, why don't we take a break, and when we come back, you can read whatever you want to read, other than commercial copy or another poem.

Listen, I don't want to make this into an audition, but I am trying to get some work, and it's really cool of you to have me on.

That would be great.

When we come back, what we'll do is we'll try to get you some work.

We'll test out your acting prowess.

Great.

I have a friend who's casting for a Subaru commercial.

Really?

Yeah.

I would love to do it.

Is there a tree part?

Do I have to drive?

There actually is a part for a tree.

Was this another one of your commercials that you had that great story about?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Is it cool?

Is it film in America?

They took away my passport because they didn't pay my child support.

We'll talk, we'll talk.

We'll talk.

All right.

Let's hear a little Don't Stop or We'll Die, friends of the show.

You know them.

Harris Whittles is in this band.

Rest in peace.

Here we go.

This is Once in a While on Comedy Bang Bang.

I wanna see that New York skyline.

I'm sick of riding up here in this penthouse with you.

So take me out once in a while.

Mama told me I'm married to your home.

But what girl could resist those diamonds?

You bought me pearls, Picasso's, and princess perfumes.

But you can't buy me adventure.

The small town girl needs some big city form.

The cotton clubs and the cocaine discos.

I know deep down there's your man inside of you.

So take him out once in a while.

Take me out once in a while.

I wanna see that New York skyline.

All right.

That is Don't Stop or We'll Die, produced by my friend Warren Fitzgerald, who does the earwolf theme.

That sounds great.

We haven't played that one on the show, I believe, but that's off of their EP that they just put out.

Both of those EPs are fantastic, we play them all the time here.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

I am, of course, Scottabot, the world famous Scottabot.

And we're here with Scott Armstrong, Matt Walsh, Sappity Tappity.

And Sappity Tappity, this is an opportunity for you.

You have two Hollywood big shots here right in front of you and Matt Walsh.

Yes, yes.

Thank you.

No, we have Matt Walsh, who has a movie out.

High road, high road, yes.

A producer here and a writer of a big sequel.

And you are an actor, you wanna get a little work.

Yes, I would like to work.

My main thing is I like to make people smile.

Okay, so you're interested in comedy.

Well, at this point, comedy is honey, right?

And honey is money, right?

So I am interested in comedy, I'm interested in drama, I'm interested in dramedy.

That's the real truth, honey is money.

Honey is money for bees.

Well, it's true, first of all, that comedy is honey.

Yes, yes.

It's A plus B equals B.

The transitive property.

The Zappity logic.

Comedy is honey and honey is money, baby.

Let's rock it out.

So guys, now, what would you, you guys have been in on the audition process.

Oh yeah, all the time.

Where you've auditioned people all the time.

What would you want to see from someone like Sappity Tappity?

What can he do for you to kind of prove his mettle as a performer?

If this was an audition scenario, which I'm completely familiar with, I'm always hiring actors.

Even when I don't have a project in development.

Of course.

You've got to have people around you that are willing to go.

I like the power.

I like the situation, yeah, and I also like the situation of people trying to please me.

I would say, why don't you bring in something prepared, be it a torn out sheet of a magazine or anything.

And let me see you execute that.

Okay, well, this is from some commercial copy.

I'm going to cut you.

This is what we do in the process.

And Scott, you've been through the process.

I always stop the actor right away too.

We need a slate.

Oh, you're throwing me off kilter.

Well, there's something called a slate. I just want to help him.

Okay, now for those of you who don't know what a slate is, basically they turn the camera on and you're supposed to say your name and turn to the side so people get a sense of your profile.

This is Zippity Tippity, the drunk English ruler-blading Christmas tree reading for the part of doing the commercial copy for the new show Falling Skies, which is about an alien attack.

Turn to the side, please.

It looks exactly the same.

He's conical.

Just to paint the picture, we would be in the back row of a giant auditorium, just judging from afar.

I'd have a sandwich in my mouth too.

It's a lot like the movie chorus line where you're not really seen.

Yeah.

Although I guess it would be more like the play the chorus line because he was seen in the movie. Never mind.

Like harder.

Rod Steiger, close personal friend.

He wasn't in that movie.

Michael Douglas, horrible personal friend.

Distant personal friend.

Okay, Falling Skies, starring Noah Wiley of E.R. fame.

And action.

Did you say action?

Audition? Really?

Because you did say action, and that's clearly a win.

Whenever you're ready.

I say whenever you're ready.

Put someone at ease.

I love that.

And action.

I say whenever you're ready.

Go time.

And start.

I was outside playing when they came.

I thought they wanted to be friends.

This is speaking of the aliens.

I was outside playing when they came.

I thought they wanted to be friends.

Let's try it again.

I'm not believing.

Really? You didn't believe that?

I'm not believing.

I'm trying to not just take you as a tree.

Listen man, don't be the man, okay?

I'm doing my thing. I'm feeling free.

You seem hard to work with. Let's move on.

Oh no, wait, wait. Don't do anything for the role.

I'll suck your dick.

Please let me suck your dick.

I don't have one.

Wait a minute. Let's arrest this man.

I'm lying. I do have a dick.

Okay, okay.

Good thing you're not in Griffith Park.

I wouldn't have to arrest you for lying.

Lying, if you'll remember, is the real crime in Los Angeles County Parks.

Okay.

Let's start again.

You know what would be good instead of saying action or whenever you're ready?

Play the Rolling Stones' Start Me Up before every audition.

Wouldn't that be cool?

To amp them up?

The whole song?

Yeah.

Let's imagine that we're here in an audition.

My favorite line of that song is, you can make a dead man come.

Because you can't make a dead man come.

That's absurd.

Okay, here we go.

Sappity Tappity, hold on.

And...

This is Sappity Tappity coming at you live Comedy Death 3 Comedy Bang Bang Radio Sappity Tappity, I'm going to have to ask you to be quiet.

We're just setting up the intro.

Coming at you live.

This is Sappity Tappity.

This is the intro. When the intro clears, then we'll have you speak.

Gotcha.

This is Sappity Tappity.

Sappity Tappity.

We're going to have to re-slate you now.

Sappity Tappity.

Can I get a warm up on this coffee?

Yeah, there you go.

You make a grown man come into your face.

Isn't it Grown Man Cry?

Grown Man Cry.

The Rolling Stones are musical skeletons that have a great time all the time.

They are.

Okay, are we going to listen to the whole song?

Because that's a good thing for people to hear on a podcast.

An entire song.

That's a good idea.

That's what's a good idea.

We want to play out a song that nobody ever needs to hear again.

I never really noticed the hand claps in this song.

When you're hearing it on headphones, you hear different things.

Nobody listens on headphones anymore.

I used to love listening on headphones.

Especially a song like Turning to Stone.

You ever hear that song on headphones?

I'm wearing Dre headphones.

I'm thinking Turn to Stone.

Maybe it is Illo.

I remember my cousin play that for me.

Turn to Stone. When you were going...

This is a good friend of mine.

No one's alive.

Fuck, I'd be arrested.

Is it true that you broke into Billy Crystal's house?

Yes, I did. That was 1986.

Billy was riding high off the success of his autobiography Marvelous.

Marvelous had just came out.

He was swimming in pools full of golden coins.

And that comedy where he plays the NBA referee.

Forget Paris?

My giant was in the works. He had his whole career.

The next five years were all set.

Slickers 2. He's queuing up Slickers 2.

Yes, Slickers 2 was in the works.

Corky's Ghost?

What was it called?

I actually co-wrote that movie.

Why didn't you call Hangover 2 The Legend of Corky's Ghost?

That actually is the subtitle. It's a long title.

The Hangover Part 2.

My favorite line in The Hangover 2 is when Ed Helms is like, Oh no! I have a tattoo on my face!

How would you have done that?

If I was acting I mean, if I was Ed Helms and I had gotten that part.

A human being. It was really close between you and him. I know.

It came down to The Wire. I remember that phone call at midnight.

It came down to The Wire because I watched five seasons of The Wire. Yeah, they're right here.

They're right here on the floor. I was too real.

I was too real. I was too real because I was watching The Wire and I saw Omar and McNulty. And I was like, Oh, I've got to be very real and that's what's good. Instead of being funny, which is what The Hangover 2 calls for. Classic protagonist antagonist, right? I would have done it like this.

Omar, McNulty. Yeah. I am Ed Helms and I have a tattoo on my face.

Okay, let's get a read on this. Here we go.

Ready? Hangover 2, Sappity Tappity as Head Helms.

And translate. Sappity Tappity the drunk English rollerblading pantry.

And action.

I've got a tattoo on my face. I'm Ed Helms.

I've got a tattoo on my face.

I don't need to say Ed Helms. Well, that's his name.

Well, people would be confused if in the sequel, Sappity Tappity was playing the Ed Helms role. It would be good if movies, the actors introduced themselves before every line.

I'm Tom Hanks, Wilson, the volleyball. Please come and be my friend. I'm Tom Hanks.

I have AIDS. I'm Philadelphia.

I'm in AIDS Philadelphia.

I'm Tom Hanks. Every movie line, rebel without a cause. I don't even know what I'm rebelling against because I'm James Dean. But if you have a cause, James Dean will hear it. If you do have a cause, James Dean will hear it. James Dean isn't mean.

He's a nice man. And he has a plan for being dead. The dead person. This is the Zappity rap inside of you.

Excuse me. What is that sap? Do we need a beat for your Zappity raps by the way? That's a bad sap smell. There was a comedian from Calcutta who's ejaculate tasted like butter.

If you met him at a roast and you had him toast, he'd spray your slutty bread with hot nutter.

That's not offensive though. That was my audition for a comedian. There should be a Limerick movie. Did you try to get in the what's the comedy reality show? America's Top Comic? Yes.

Oh yes. Did you audition for that? Last Comic Standing.

Excuse me. I did.

Yes, no, fine.

What happened? I did. I got called back.

Oh good. What was the name? I heard the Tree V equivalent of that show. I'm sorry?

The Tree V equivalent. Tree V equivalent of that show is America's last Tree Comic Standing and featuring Tree James Adomian and also Tree Greg Proops and also Tree Andy Kindler, Tree Natasha Leggero, very beautiful and hilarious and somebody else. I heard you actually trust Natasha Leggero. Yes I do.

What a beautiful woman.

Regular Natasha Leggero? Successful, just is now on a television show I've heard.

Congratulations. Congratulations to everyone we know who has a show being picked up by a network. Yes.

Congratulations. And Ashton Kutcher for taking over the role of Charlie Sheen, this role in Two and a Half Men.

2.5 Men is what he's calling it.

Is he calling it 2.5 Men because it's very internet savvy. Yeah.

Why wouldn't you do that?

Scott, do you have any projects coming up that maybe you could fit sappity-tappity into?

Let me think.

Hangover 3. Yeah, what's going on with Hangover 3? The next time they get drunk and have hangovers.

Is that going to be in heaven?

Between the moon and heaven.

The moon. That is a great Burt Bacharach song, by the way.

Between the moon and heaven.

Yeah. They all wake up with alien babies in their throats. Yeah.

That are all playing harps. Hold on.

I'm writing that down right now.

I'm writing it on a post-it note. Yes, you should because it's a good idea. I'm handing it to Matt Wallace.

But what do you got coming up, the sappity-tappity?

I'm writing a sequel to Arthur, but it's a pine tree sequel. We're looking for a drunken English pine tree to play Arthur.

I can act circles around Russell Brand or Dudley Maude or any of those people who have played Arthur. It's too late. We kind of cast it.

Who cast it? Who got it?

We went with a synthetic. We went to Industrial Light and Magic. No!

We couldn't find a living tree that could talk and get drunk.

You bastard. You bastard!

I know. I shouldn't have brought it up. You're just like Peter Jackson.

Oh, yeah. With the ants?

The ants. I was up for all those ants, tree beard.

I was up for tree beard and I was like we must find the Oracle.

Or whatever they're doing.

Maybe that was the problem.

I didn't exactly know what Frodo and all those other weirdos were doing. I didn't exactly have it memorized, though I do have Total Recall, which is interesting about me.

Wait, so then why wouldn't you actually read the script and use your Total Recall to memorize the lines in your auditions? Because I'm a free spirit man. I'm used to 70s auditions where you come in and say fuck you and then you make a movie. Yeah.

I love that time period. Back in the 70s man, it was raging bulls and crazy people. De Palma.

Man, it was crazy.

Coppola. Scorsese was another director who was crazy.

Pacino. Pacenco.

The game where you have the balls. It's crazy.

Pacenco is so much fun. It was crazy in the 70s.

Everyone had cocaine coming out of their ears. Penis.

He went for ears. He just tried, yeah.

I really thought he was going to go with the penis.

Yeah, clean it up. I love it.

People haven't tuned out. They can't handle penis by now.

Okay, here's what I'd like to do.

I'm still interested in Tappity Tappity. I'm interested in your acting ability.

And so we tried this once before and we have such a couple of improv luminaries here right in front of me. People who perform at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater.

One of the original members. I'd like to do something called Improv Scene of the Week.

And what this is is basically Engineer Doug, I did not tell him we're going to do this, so he's just going to think of the first thing that comes to mind.

And we'll all do an improv scene and we'll see how Tappity Tappity does.

How's that sound? So Tappity Tappity will be the three of us. Have you ever improvised before Tappity? Oh yes, of course.

I studied with Viola Spolin.

Oh, short form.

Short form, yes.

Alright, so how do you like to do your improv? Do you want a location?

What kind of suggestion? Your show, whatever.

Something to inspire us.

Let us come up with a relationship between the three of us. Alright, Engineer Doug, what do we have? Cousins.

Cousins. Oh, weighty.

Really meaty. Great.

A lot of backstory there.

Okay. Wait, what was...

No, it's not a plane break. Sorry.

Sorry, listeners, not a plane break.

Just merely a car. Alright, so here we go and we're going to start this scene right now. It's so great to just take a long drive with you guys and really just enjoy this Sunday. It really is. I mean, we haven't seen each other in probably fifty years. Because of the divorce that happened ten years ago. Yeah. Of our parents.

I know. It's a shame that Grandpa's funeral is bringing us all together for one last road trip. But you know, I mean, I think if there's any time to take a road trip, it's right after Grandpa's funeral.

Yeah, I thought we were going to go to it.

I have this map that says... We flew separately to the funeral and then the road... Where are we headed?

And then we were like, road trip! Where are we headed?

Spring break? Spring break, okay.

I'm in the trunk! Oh my god, pull over!

Pull the car over!

Hold on!

Oh god, thank god. Wait, here's a map that says something about Corky's... I can't read the next word. Yeah, the legend of Corky's something. The legend of Corky's ghost.

Oh! We must find... I've heard about Corky's ghost. Hold on, let me open the trunk. The guy from Life Goes On?

Corky, the guy from Life Goes On. Close personal friend.

Who's this guy? He keeps wanting to climb me though.

Who is this? I don't know.

He always wants to climb me. Who's this talking tree? I am Seppety Deppety!

I bought this Christmas tree like a month ago and I hadn't thrown it away yet.

Well, let's go on a road trip forever!

Let's keep driving around all over the town! Then we'll go to Canada and then Mexico! I still have to do it up and we are my bros! This is the Hangover Four, the plot to Hangover Four!

I, in the scene, have still not processed that you're a talking tree yet.

That's a lot.

Well, it's a lot.

We're breaking out of the scene right now.

It's difficult unless I'm the only thing going on.

Yeah, that's kind of the problem with you doing improv. Are you one of the cousins still or are you Scott? I'm Scott right now.

We're going to get back into the scene in a second.

I thought you were a bush the whole time. No, I was a cousin.

I would prefer that you put on your human costume when we do improv because otherwise every scene is going to be about... I would put on my Billy Bush costume. I love Billy Bush from T-Series.

Okay, so we're cousins, we're on the road trip. Maybe we need another suggestion.

Let's just go back to this one.

Oh man, I can't wait to just get to Spring Break and see all those girls with their tops off. The Bush cousins hit Spring Break. Oh, the Bush cousins there are so hot.

Guys, I can't believe we're finally back together. I have something I want to tell you guys. I have a confession to make.

Should I pull over? Yeah, I haven't seen you in 50 years.

Yeah, pull over.

I have a confession to make and I haven't seen you in a long time. It's something I wanted to tell you all about me.

It's been five decades. But I like to keep people in my drunk and I have one right now. I'd love to show them to you and I'm going to open the trunk.

I'm in the trunk. This is Billy Bush.

Billy Bush is in the trunk. This is Billy Bush.

Hello. Extra, extra, extra. You got the celebrity gossip in your face.

Let's do it.

Where are you guys going? I'm Billy Bush.

I never thought you were like nine feet tall. No, I am just a man. Just Billy Bush.

You might know me from extra, extra. We know all about it.

It's time.

Well, now I'm here inside your trunk and so what are we doing? Come on out.

Billy Bush, our grandfather just died and we're all really sad. Hold on, I'm going to break out of the scene. I have to say, putting on a Billy Bush costume, now we have to deal that you're Billy Bush.

I'm a tree dressed as Billy Bush.

I don't know, could you just put on like a nondescript regular human and then you could be anyone.

On top of that costume? How about Ari Vukidis? I'll dress as Ari Vukidis.

I don't think people will know who he is. No, no.

So I think that'll be okay. How about, okay, okay. No, just someone nondescript, just a regular human being. Okay. And every man.

Every man. Okay, cool. Alright, here we go.

Those guys work too by the way. I will dress as Tom Hanks. Alright, back in the trunk.

Here we go. Oh, he's back in the trunk.

What's that noise? Well, there's one lottery ticket and we've all chipped in for it.

33 and a third cents a piece.

Yep. We'll find out the numbers. God, this could change our lives.

It's five minutes on the radio.

Yep. That's how we did it.

What is that sound?

I'm in the trunk. It's Tom Hanks.

America's everyman.

I represent America. I'm Tom Hanks. I'm in your trunk. Please let me out. Hold on, I'm pulling over. Here's what happened, guys. I was trying to get Tom Hanks into this drive-in for free. I didn't want to pay for the ticket.

But then I forgot. He's been in here for like a week. I've been in here for a week.

I missed a lot of pop culture.

I'm trying to do some stand-up comedy. Is anyone saying get it done after their show?

Osama's dead. Ashton Kutcher on 2.5 Men. Natasha's thing got picked up. Yeah.

Oh, Natasha's thing got picked up.

Oh, I've missed a lot. Wow. She's beautiful.

Osama bin Lama. What about Osama bin Lama? The Lama terrorist Osama bin Lama, the terrorist Lama.

They killed him. What of him? They killed him.

Oh, brother. They killed Obama.

What Obama? I am Tom Hanks.

President Obama. And Happy Endings is coming back. Happy Endings is picked up again.

Maybe we should have led with that. That's actually the big news.

Thank God for Happy Endings, especially from Thai people, which brings us to The Hangover 2. Ah, great improv. This is really good improv.

This is something I've actually invented. It's called product-based improvisation.

Yeah, we improvise with real products.

All right, let's tie it up. Let's tie it up.

Tie up the story. Okay, so Tom Hanks, I'm glad you're here. Thank you. Thank you. Sorry you've been locked away for so long. Sorry you were in that spacious trunk that the Subaru has to offer with four-wheel drive.

No problem. I was talking to my wheelchair volleyball.

The lottery numbers just came in and we matched all nine numbers on our lottery ticket. What's the prize? I don't know. Look at Newsy. I'm so glad we played at 7-Eleven, the most convenient store in all of the last century. Says we won $100 billion.

Hey, that Newsy just delivered a newspaper and threw it into our window. Hold on.

Of our speeding car. Hey, buddy.

There he is.

Hey, Newsy. Hey, buddy.

He's riding his bicycle next to the car. Hey, how you doing? Nice helmet, Newsy.

Flip me a quarter for that baby. There you go. Hey.

I'm going to bite it. It's real.

Keep a little something for yourself.

Thanks. Hey, a dime.

Hey, thanks a lot. I'm going to go buy nothing in 1935. What's the scoop at City Hall, kid? Ah, down at City Hall, the mayor's got a lot of stuff going on.

He's got a new suit on, so you know he's going to announce something real fucked up, like he's going to start mass killing people.

It's going to be real fucked up.

Damn. Mayor's crazy.

I'm out of here. I've got to go cut off my leg. It's all gangrenous.

He's going to cut it off with a skill saw Oh, yeah, I'm going to cut it off with a skill saw.

That's right, buddy. How'd you know?

It's the most efficient skill saw.

Are you moving to Milwaukee? I sure am. I want to see my buddy Pottsie. He still lives over in Milwaukee. Pottsie.

Pottsie. Available on the air every night on... Good object work. Thank you so much.

Well, guys were rich. The Newsy left, Tom Hanks left, and we're rich. Billy Bush left.

We're wearing Nikes. That tree left.

What do we do now? I think it calls for a group hug. We need like an epilogue moment.

Do we still go to spring break even though we're rich? I don't know. Hold on a second. Why did you say that all my characters had left?

Because I'm still here. Are we breaking out of the improv?

I don't know. I don't know because Tom Hanks was still there.

Billy Bush was from another tribe. We drove away. We drove away from Tom Hanks.

Excuse me. That was real.

That smells like port wine. Well, I'm drinking Mountain Valley. Sparkling water.

And port wine.

So we're rich. Okay.

We don't have to go to spring break anymore because we were going just to like look at Naked Girls, but now we can buy Naked Girls.

I know what I'm going to do with my portion of the money.

Okay. I'm going to finance June and Casey's movie.

Is this more of your product based improv style? Yeah. Kickstarter.

Kickstarter. Yes. Kickstarter. That's right.

Go on Kickstarter and donate.

Guys, seriously though, enough fucking around because that's not going to happen.

I'm going to stop the cross breeding of coniferous trees because they kill biodiversity in the world.

Things like Douglas furs and things, they kill other small saplings that were here before them. They're basically like the Chihuahua or the ornamental Dalmatian of our world. If we're not careful, the trees will take over the world.

We have to make sure that we cut as many down or maybe burn up as many trees as we can.

I'm going to create a genome that eats trees.

I'm going to buy my neighbor's house and shut those fucking dogs up for once and for all.

But nothing about trees?

All of his neighbors are trees.

You're my friend. You.

And you are my enemies.

I am going to buy the world's largest nuclear bomb and I'm going to...

Largest? Yeah. The biggest.

Biggest one that the world has.

Not the most powerful, just the biggest.

Just for efficiency sake, small ones that do a lot of damage.

I'm interested in just... It's his millions.

Size matters.

And I'm going to just let it go and have it erupt there in Griffith Park. I have an idea.

You should change your name to Osama Bin Ockerman. Kaboom!

That's something that you should do. Kaboom.

Kaboom. It's done.

You're a terrorist and terrorists must have the first name Osama and then Bin and then their real last name. That's a good name game. Osama Bin McDonald. Alright, I'll tell you your terrorist name. What's your name?

Walsh?

You're Osama Bin Walsh.

See how easy that is? That's great. That's almost like finding your porn name. Yeah, exactly.

It's a lot easier. Way easier.

Alright guys and the improv is ending.

We should shake hands.

It's a blackout. Shake hands.

Great improv guys.

And blackoff. Blackoff.

Blackoff. Blackoff down.

Blackoff's down.

Blackout. Improv over. Great improv.

Great show. Then after the show you always go great show.

Great show. Great show. You were funny. No you were funny. It was so crazy. I didn't know what you were doing. Yes, well I thought you knew and so I did it. And I didn't know what I was saying at that point. I'm sorry if I screwed you up.

You charmed your way out of it. That was a classic.

Great edit. But I thought we were great. We were great. Good group minds. We should take bows too, right?

Sure, go back out. Yeah, let's go back out.

Because they're still applauding.

Let's go back out. They're standing.

You know how to do radio bows from the old days?

You say goo goo. Oh.

There's a radio bow. You say goo goo.

Goo goo.

That's how you bow on the radio from the old Orphan Annie days and Jack Armstrong and all that crap.

You say goo goo. Okay, well.

Goo goo. Goo goo. Goo goo.

Perhaps no one's ever bowed on the radio before then.

Yeah. Goo goo. Well you can't bow on the radio because they can't see you, silly.

Yeah. Goo goo. Goo goo. Goo goo.

Well, okay, so let's judge Sappity Tappity now. Okay. How'd he do?

Wow. I gotta go over my shoes. Matt Wallace, you're one of the premier instructors of The Art of Improvisation.

Yeah. So what do you have to say about Sappity? I thought he had great object work. I gave him an 89.2 on his Yes And work. I gave him a 63.7 on his object work in space.

His character work was a 206.

Oh my goodness. Thank you.

Community support. I call it community support. What you do outside of the scenes at home with your extra money.

You got a B plus. Great. And then I just wrote blue for your ability to change gender.

Very arbitrary scoring system.

Not arbitrary at all. It makes sense to me.

No, well I mean, you know. And a cuckoo.

And you got one cuckoo. Cuckoo? Okay.

As long as I get a cuckoo. You'll be happy to know though that the 89.2 was on a scale of 89.3. Yeah.

Wonderful. And the 63.7. We use NPR numbers usually. Yeah, the 63.7 was on a scale of 63.7. So you won the perfect score on that. Good.

206 was on a scale of 1 to 500,037.

Yeah. 216. That would be low then.

Yeah. Oh well.

B plus. Fail your sound.

B plus was pass or fail. Okay.

So you passed. Great. Yeah, he did pass.

And blue? Blue, yeah. So I'm the best improviser in the world.

Yes. And I get the pot.

Did I get the pot? Yes, you did.

Yay. We'll be sorry in the new Broadway production of Spider-Man. Yes.

Spider-Man, Tree Spider-Man. Tree Spider-Man. Spider-Man? Question mark.

Tree Spider-Man. Exclamation point.

Alright, great improv guys. Let's go to another break. When we come back we'll play a little game.

This is the world famous Scottabot with Comedy Bang Bang. And this is Matt Wall, Scott Armstrong, Sappity Tappity. We'll be right back.

goin' over pit pit pit pit pit He's free as the breeze. He's always that easy. Lives in the jungle and hangs by his knees. As he swings through the trees without a trapeze in his BBD.

He's got a union card and he's practicing hard to play the guitar. Gonna be a big star. Yeah, he's gonna go far and He's a caramoon, he's home in a jar He ordered checks, guitar, core, C-O-D Makes A and E and he's working on B And D and C and W and R and B And me and the chimpanzee agree That one day soon he'll be a celebrity Get it, get it, get it, get it, ow!

Guitar's in He's a guitar man He's all you can stand Give him a hand, guitar's in Ahhh horrible He's got a girl named Jane with an old ass name Kind of horny and lame But he loves her just the same Cause she kindles the flame And it drives me insane When he hears her sing She really does her thing It's a claimed thing Come on, sing one, Jane.

Baby.

Oh, baby.

Baby.

Oh, baby.

How about that?

Let's hear it for Jane.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Well, they got a pet monkey.

He likes to get drunk.

He can sing boogie-woogie, and it sounds real funky.

Come on.

Your time, boy.

Sing one monkey.

You'll go.

Let's hear it for the monkey.

Whoo!

On Saturday night, they need some excitement.

Jane gets right, and the monkey gets tight, and their voices unite in the pale moonlight, and it sounds all right.

Yeah, it's dynamite.

Out of sight.

Let's hear it right now.

Baby.

Oh.

Baby.

Oh.

Oh, baby.

Oh.

Baby.

Oh.

Shut up, baby.

I'm trying to sing.

Baby.

Get it, get it, get it, get it.

Get Tarzan and his jungle band.

They're all you can stand.

Give them a hand.

Get Tarzan.

Yeah.

Get Tarzan and his jungle band.

They're all you can stand.

That is Ray Stevens' guitar-zan.

I had a friend when I was 15 years old who invited me over to his place.

Turned out to be a trailer in a trailer park, and he played me a million Ray Stevens songs and just laughed at every single one.

I just looked at him like, you're a fucking weirdo.

But that one actually sounds pretty good.

But he did get your pants off, so it worked.

All right.

This is, of course, Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm the world-famous Scott about.

And Scott Armstrong, Matt Walsh, sappity-tappity here.

And it is time for a little game.

It's time for something that we like to call What Am I Thinking?

What am I thinking?

I'm starting to tear up a little bit.

This is a beautiful song.

What am I?

So what am I fucking thinking?

All right.

It's time to play What Am I Thinking?

And we all know how this is played.

It's barely even worth repeating, but I will.

Basically, we're going to pair off into two teams.

And the two people, let's say it's Matt and Scott here.

You're each going to separately think of a word.

So I have to be with Matt?

Yeah.

So you versus Matt is going to be the first round, then me versus sappity-tappity.

But we will get to change teams.

Wait, what was that?

What was that?

Truck.

Just a truck.

Fuck.

God, I wish it was a plane break.

It should have been a truck break.

We have such a good time at plane breaks.

It was a truck.

We can't make a truck break.

Come on, man.

That doesn't make any sense.

It's a truck break.

Boo.

Don't like it.

Plane breaks are the way to go.

All right.

So you're each going to think of a word.

It can be anything.

It can be two words, actually.

It can be like, it's just a thing.

Like if you were to say Yogi Bear, that's technically two words, but it's a thing.

With TJ Miller.

Yeah, but it's a person, a word, a noun, anything.

Andy Daly.

And Chris Pine.

Chris Pine tree.

Crazy bastard.

So you're each going to individually think of that, and then you're going to count out, you're going to say this together, you're going to count down from three, two, one, and then say whatever word you are thinking.

Okay.

All of us.

They will be two, no, just these two.

Okay.

They will be two separate words.

All right?

Then you will try to think of whatever word shares the elements of both of those words, whatever those two words have in common.

What is one word or one thing that those two words have in common?

You will say three, two, one, and then say that word, and you're aiming to say the same word.

Okay?

On each try, you say something out loud.

Yes.

Like if we hit it on the first one, that'd be...

That would be amazing.

Does that ever happen?

I've done that once in my life.

Okay.

I was driving with Coolop, and we were playing while we were driving on a road trip, and we both said the same word.

It happened to be tree, because we were both looking at a tree.

Amazing.

Yeah, you'd enjoy that sappy-tappy.

I like trees.

I'm a tree.

Okay.

So you guys know how to play, and then the only way to lose is if you hesitate, or if you don't say a word, or if you wait for the other person, and then you say it, it's pretty clear.

So, oh, before we begin, we have to say who we're playing for, okay?

So, Matt, who do you like to play?

Casey and June's movie.

Jesus.

I love that movie, but no one knows what we're talking about.

Okay.

Casey and June's movie, Ask Backwards.

Scott Armstrong?

I'm trying to buy my neighbor's house to show up as fucking dogs for once and for all.

Okay, great.

So you're playing for that.

Cause, and sappy-tappy, how do you like to play?

I'm giving my money to Donald Trump.

Okay, great cause.

And I, of course, always play for Orange County.

So here we go.

Let's have Matt and Scott Armstrong play first.

Okay.

All right.

So are you locked in?

Sure.

Do you both have a word?

All right.

So I'll guide you through this one.

Okay.

And you go, you say this out loud.

Okay.

Ready?

And three, two, one.

Tree.

You both said tree.

Holy shit.

Wow.

Thank you.

That has never happened before.

Flattering.

That has never happened before in the history of this game.

Well, it happened to me once in Cool Up, but I forget what we said.

We were looking at it, but amazing.

You're both going into the finals.

Congratulations.

Oh, the applause.

Now I know I did good.

I felt like I was in trouble.

No.

Oh, God.

Amazing.

There was tension.

All right.

Going into the finals.

That's great.

So now it's going to be me versus sappy-tappy.

Okay.

So we say it.

We try and say it.

We're trying to say the same word.

So how do you win?

Yeah.

When you both say the same word, then you advance to the finals or if the other person loses, then you win.

That makes sense.

All right.

Here we go.

Ready?

And do you have a word locked in?

Yes.

All right.

Here we go.

And you say it with me.

Ready?

Yes.

And three.

No, from three.

Yes.

Here we go.

Ready?

And three, two, one.

KT Perry.

Tree and Katy Perry.

Oh.

Okay.

Wait.

Did you say Katy Perry or KT Tree Perry?

Katy Perry.

The human.

All right.

So what does a tree and Katy Perry have in common?

I think we both know and it's three, two- Wait.

Hold on.

I'm not locked in yet.

Oh.

What does a tree and Katy Perry have in common?

All right.

Here we go.

Ready?

And three, two, one.

Three, two, one.

KT Tree Perry.

Russell Brand.

Russell Brand is tall like a tree.

He's tall like a tree.

That's true.

Okay.

So what does Russell Brand and KT Tree Perry have in common here?

KT Tree Perry.

All right.

Here we go.

Ready?

And three.

They're ready?

All right.

Say it with me.

Okay.

Please.

I beg of you.

Three, two, one.

Russell Tree.

Ah.

Get it?

No.

Russell Tree.

Two separate things.

You're so close.

I would almost give it that.

I was pretty close.

Sorry.

The judges have ruled.

Okay.

Well then, okay.

So what do Russell- Russell Tree Brand and Russell Tree.

What do they have in common?

Okay.

Yes.

Russell Tree Brand and Russell Tree.

Okay.

All right.

Here we go.

Arthur.

Arthur and KT Tree Perry.

Arthur too on the rocks.

Okay.

So what do we do now?

We both win.

We go into the finals.

We win.

Okay.

Cool.

How is this a competition?

I don't understand this.

All right.

Ready?

So we're all in the finals together.

Four-way final.

First time this has ever been done.

Four-way final.

This is very exciting.

All right.

So we're going to have four separate words or the same word.

We don't know.

Ready?

Okay.

Is your word locked in?

Yes.

All right.

Here we go.

And all at the same time.

Ready?

Three.

Two.

One.

Tree.

Okay.

I said tree.

I said Shreveport.

Shreveport.

I said KT Tree Perry.

KT Tree Perry.

I said bagels.

Okay.

So we have Tree, Shreveport, KT Tree Perry part two and bagels.

Bagels.

What do they all have in common?

Three.

Okay.

Hold on.

Here we go.

All right.

And...

Three.

Two.

One.

Coffee Bean and Tree Leaf.

Okay.

I said Coffee Bean and Tree Leaf.

I said Christmas.

I said craft service.

I said Ed Helms.

Ed Helms is the magic word.

Sabity-tapity.

Oh!

Is it?

You won.

It's a magic word?

We established that at the beginning of the show.

Oh!

Yay!

Ed Helms.

Thank you, Ed Helms.

Now I get money.

Right?

Yeah.

Yes.

A lot of money.

Well, Donald Trump gets money.

Yes.

Well, I give it to his political campaign.

You were playing for Donald Trump.

So, congratulations.

Donald Trump.

Congratulations to Donald Trump.

You're a heck of a guy, Donald Trump.

You're not a loser.

No, you're never a loser, Donald Trump.

Nope.

You're worth 10 times as much as Mitt Romney.

That's right, Donald Trump.

All right.

Oh, pour a little bit of that for us.

Mitt Romney's a loser.

Sabity-tapity, would you?

A little right there in his...

Yeah, there we go.

And that is, of course, how we play.

That is a textbook, how you play.

What am I thinking?

That's a great one.

That was a good version.

Yes.

And it really was tight there for a little while.

It was entertaining.

If I was listening to this, I'd be glad that I was listening.

That's the longest someone's gone without matching words, like days?

Well, usually what happens is someone hesitates, and that's how you lose.

Okay.

You know what I mean?

Okay.

The hesitation is what you...

Yeah, we were all about commitment.

Yep.

We did it.

We fucking played maybe the best, most historic round of what am I thinking of all time.

First of all, first time we've done a four-way.

First time the magic word has ever been said.

Yes.

Usually no one ever hits on it.

Ed Helms.

Yeah.

Yes.

It's always been Ed Helms, too.

Yes.

Yeah.

Every single time we played, and no one has ever said Ed Helms.

Wow.

Cool.

Fucking great stuff, guys.

Who invi...

Well, that's cool.

But who...

Who is Ed Helms?

Great question.

You were talking about him earlier.

Yeah, you said...

You said his name.

Oh, from the Hangover 2.

Yes.

Oh, yes, of course.

All right, guys.

Well, that is just about going to do it.

I only have one last segment on the show, and of course we all know what this is.

This is the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plug section.

There's a time and a place where you will be.

Just tell me when and where, and I'll try to be there.

That is our plugs theme.

That one is by John Metcalf and Gian Trinidad.

That was a really nice one.

Thank you, guys.

Thank you.

I also wanted to say last week's.

I never mentioned who actually wrote last week's.

I want to give them some big ups.

Pat Richards wrote last week's theme, so go back to last week.

Those are great.

If you want to leave one for us, go to our new Comedy Bang Bang Facebook page under the discussions thread.

There will be an appropriate thread.

Also go to comedybangbang.com for all your Comedy Bang Bang needs, earwolf.com, of course, where my show is that, and the Paul F. Tompkins and Scott Aukerman show at the Sasquatch Festival coming up in a couple of weeks or a week and a half.

Love that festival.

Yeah.

Memorial Day.

Come out and see us.

We have special guests.

Reggie Watts, Tig Notaro, and Maria Thayer from Eagle Heart will be our special guests and we're going to have a good time.

All right, Matt, let's talk about High Road, right, because you have some dates coming up.

We're doing the Seattle International Film Festival.

What's the movie about?

You didn't even talk about that.

It's a pot dealer who has to go on the run, and he meets a runaway kid, and then kind of in the middle of the movie he finds out his girlfriend might be pregnant, so by the end of it he has to decide.

Both of them really have to figure out what they want to do with their lives.

It's super funny.

Super funny movie.

Cool.

It's very funny.

Yeah, it's not a funny description, but I think it's pretty funny.

Who stars in it?

It's really funny.

There's a lot...

Did you ever learn the actor's names?

No.

One kid named James Pumphrey something, I think, is the other guy.

James is great.

Abby Elliot, Rob Riggle, Joe LaTruyio, Lizzie Kaplan, people like Zach Woods, Matt Jones.

They're like Zach Woods and not Zach Woods, though.

It's playing at the Seattle Film Festival coming up.

Yeah, Seattle.

What are those dates?

20th, 21st of May, and then June 7th.

Great.

Go out and see that.

Matt is a very funny guy, and I've heard nothing but great things, and that's not just from you guys.

I feel like buzz is high.

Oh, good.

I loved it.

Good.

Thank you.

Scott Armstrong, obviously the Hangover, part two, or Hangover, part two.

Part two.

Yeah, it comes out soon.

Also check out the movie Hescher.

It's an independent film that my company produced.

That is a great movie, buddy.

I have seen that.

It's out with Natalie Portman and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.

That's out in theaters now.

Check out Beardon Podcast's Greatest Hits, season two.

Yeah, you have to, if you're interested in the subject matter.

It's supposed to be funny, right?

I think it is funny, but Scott makes a good point.

You don't care about the bears.

If you don't give a shit about sports ball.

No, you're supposed to say it transcends.

It does.

Three quarters of it is straight up comedy, but there is an element that is...

It's hapity-tappity.

What do you have to plug, sir?

I actually have a show coming up at Matt Walsh's theater, the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater.

Hapity-tappity show?

Yeah, the Hapity-tappity and the drunken English rollerblading Christmas tree and his Saturday romp through liquor forest is what it's called.

It's this Saturday, the 21st at 10 p.m.

That's awesome.

Come out.

Yes.

So if you're not seeing...

Special guests.

Musical guests.

Come out on a Saturday night and you're in L.A.

If you are indeed still listening to this podcast, because this is usually the part where everyone turns it off, but wouldn't it be funny if you were listening to it and...

Oh, you have the wrong idea about this show, so people pass forward to the plugs.

Really?

Yes.

Well, let's do a song about them then.

This is a plug.

It's for my show.

It's on the 21st and it's really cool, bro.

It's called Hapity-tappity, the drunken English pie tree, and it's really gonna be so great.

It's at 10 o'clock p.m.

It's a great Los Angeles, UCB theater, UCB L.A.

Go buy the tickets online, go to the schedule, click the thing.

Is this the bridge?

Still a song?

This is the bridge.

The verse.

And now we're gonna take it home because that's where you want to go at 10 p.m.

They said today in the 21st of May, boop, boop, boop.

Wow.

That was good.

Great song.

Thank you.

I love the plugs.

That does it for the show.

But I would love to, I would love to close it out.

Do you have another poem or anything like that?

I do.

I have a poem.

There is another.

Okay.

What's a good one?

Yeah.

Okay.

Here is a final dirty racist limerick.

There once was a man from Hempstead whose penis was big as a sled.

One day it hardened and he went retarded, the blood being drained from his head.

Oh.

The sled wasn't hard at the beginning?

No.

It was a flaccid sled that became hard.

It was as big as a sled, soft.

It's not really racist.

Where was the guy from?

Hempstead?

Slightly racist.

Hempstead.

That could be in any state.

There's always a Hempstead.

Is there?

Yes.

There's always a Hempstead.

Sounds British.

There's always a Main Street.

Always a Hempstead.

Always a Main Street.

Always a Maple Street.

It's great.

There's always Martin Luther King.

Always Martin Luther King.

Not in England though.

No.

They don't celebrate him as much.

Martin Luther.

OG.

Guys, I want to thank you.

This has been a great episode.

I want to thank you for coming on.

Thank you.

Next week we have a great show and of course I am the world famous Scottabot.

We will see you next week.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll see you then.

Let's get one thing straight.

I'm no average rapper.

Born and so gathered.

I hit Atlanta.

Then to New York.

I've been armed and bread.

And I learned new things all across the map.

In Cali I was small.

Taught me to be strong.

And Atlanta had the Hawks so I learned how to ball.

New York had Starks on the New York mix.

So when they came around I had my first round pick.

And now I'm so sick that they call me a bowler.

Sick girls all up.

I pull like Totem.

Life is a game.

Move your butt like Totem.

Lay your cards right like it's Texas.

Hold them.

Bounce them shoulders.

Go ahead and make it.

I can do it better even though I'm so bout it.

Georgia's on my mind but I live in New York.

So I got a Southern Trial.

And I lit what I want.

They used to say it didn't matter.

When I started a wreck.

Now I'm in fake books niggas asking me for a trick.

No could be a fake book.

Trying to be my friend.

Nigga you get your face.

Took your ass to be one more kid.

I'm a genius why they call me shit Gmail man.

This is my space.

Nigga you can't make top 10.

This is how we do it.

Suck it out.

This has been an Earwolf Media Production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information visit Earwolf.com.

The Wolf's Dead.
