Coming up on the show today, we have he's a sidekick professionally and a regular guest on this show Andy Richter will be joining me the entire program as well as an old favorite the cake boss is here all coming up on today's Ah Yes, thank you Reggie Watts that is the new comedy bang bang theme of course comedy bang bang the podcast here I am the world-famous Scotta bot It's a fantastic Monday here. I Say fantastic, but over the weekend a lot of hubbub Happened well didn't happen. That's that's a little more accurate the rapture did not occur and I I made some poor life decisions based on thinking that that was gonna happen Sold off a lot of my possessions my prized Ford Festiva my minority stake in earwolf comm Dustin Martian, hope you enjoy that Boy told off a lot of people My wife, especially may have levied some serious Asian racial slurs at her Saying I wasn't gonna take her shit anymore down here on earth I'd see her up in heaven well Not happen not didn't happen in didn't happening. I'm trying to say didn't happen and not happening trying to combine those two Didn't happen Doesn't seem like it's gonna happen anytime soon If anyone out there has any extra t-shirts I could borrow Send them my way They you know, they can have writing on it All right, let's get to our first guest here today You know him most recently from the Conan show, but he has starred in his own shows Something Barker PI Andy Barker. Mm-hmm. Andy Richter controls the universe Andy Richter controls the universe. Mm-hmm. Andy has quintuplets. I wanted them all to be Tony, but they wouldn't let me be Tony Tony Danza had a lock on that. Yeah Andy Richter is here Andy. How are you my friend? I am good. Thank you so much for showing up here post-rapture Yeah, about that rapture. Yeah, you know went down nothing happened. That was a crazy old dude, wasn't it?

I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. My wife has been It's made one of those hashtag things to try and get him to be the host of SNL I love any way Facebook page. Oh awesome. Oh And every sketch is just About how what he's doing Why are we dressed up in our uniforms now? What is a rapture uniform? I don't know I just think of all those people that killed themselves with the the new Nike sneakers Remember that? Mm-hmm. That group, you know, it was the cults. Yeah, whatever the band the cult Ian Astorbury killed himself. Oh the Heaven's Gate. Is that what they're called? Yeah And people who killed themselves after seeing Heaven's Gate Right. Shimino. Shimano. Like Warren Beatty. Like Warren Beatty Yes, no, I I just was glad that it didn't happen just because imagine those smug pricks Can you oh, I mean, they'd be in heaven I guess but Jesus that's a lot Like what heaven I imagine heaven to be is just a bunch of smug pricks. Yeah. Yeah, I'm congratulating Yeah, exactly. You get tired of just shaking hands and congratulating each other as well I think too is it like isn't pride supposed to be a sin and how could you not after?

Living the life of a fucking kook Standing on street corners yelling at people through like cheap tinny microphones Now then you go to like up to you know, the yeah Asgard basically and and like how could you not be like a holy shit?

And I you know throw your arm out patting yourself on the back for being right tell me the truth because I experienced this I Found myself as it approached getting honestly a little nervous like what if it is true I had I only had like a moment of that but it was more it was less like oh no, I won't it's because I won't go to heaven because I do feel like like actually somebody won on on Twitter Because I TTP. Yeah, I'm back slash back slash twitter.com. Right, right I tweeted some picture or something of That I retweeted something that was like we're getting out the really into the process on this Twitter Can I just are we I mean, please it's a fucking podcast Of this show it's a fucking podcast I can't talk about Twitter on your podcast a little too arcane Sorry No, but there's somebody somebody put on the mind thing said like what if the rapture happened?

But this none of us went wouldn't that suck and I'm saying with kind of a country accent To prove how dumb this person well, I because I do think like yeah It would suck if God had set rule so high that no human could possibly follow them Yeah, that would suck and it would just sort of make God irrelevant. So oh, yeah He had rules for this club and we all fucked up and couldn't do it like okay. Well, then fuck that club What if they're I wonder if there were any missing persons from yesterday that people just assume those were the only people who went up There somebody somebody I know said that it would be a perfect time for like you had religious family members to just never call them again Or to murder them and drop them into a lake That too that's more work though. That's really a lot more work that involves lifting Dropping out the face of the earth doesn't I honestly I sat there I got kind of nervous and it gave me a preview of what my deathbed is probably going to look like if I don't go In an accident or something sudden, right? It gave me a look at the kind of the moral quandary of like Oh shit, is this like am I gonna say I know I'm gonna die right a week, right?

Okay, I'm sitting there on my deathbed. I have all my family members around me. You've got that kind of plasticky pillow That they can rinse off And I'm I got a glimpse into how I'm gonna feel about a death I think about I'm gonna have that fear of like Oh, is this all there all there is and maybe I should like switch over and become religious in my last or become Peggy Lee Hmm. I don't know what that means. But is that all there is? Ah Is that all there is Peggy Lee? Let's talk about her. Okay hot for the 50s. I think we were around now Right. I don't think she'd be getting any second plans No, she was one of those women too that I think became so giant that she started just wearing a tutu and being shot from the or moo moo Tutu moo moo, maybe there's a tutu. She's wearing a tutu and someone shot her No, no, no, but she would just get shot like in face, you know, like close-ups Oh, yeah, kind of like the the woman from heart and I think she maybe the woman from heart just No When they get together it's Oh Max, hey Max, is that your tie or did you throw up on your shirt?

I was trying to remember the other day did the heart to heart people they were just rich kind of drinkers kind of weren't they? Yeah, they were rich douchebags who lucked into solving crimes But did people come to them with crimes or did they just always happen to be around? Was it happenstance or was it?

I don't remember but it is like because it would how could it sustain itself if they were just rich people People just everywhere they go on vacation. There's a murder like every vet they take their purse dog too. There's a murder That's a lot like Jessica for murder. She wrote she never sought out those crimes She would just be there. Oh, really? She would just be there and they would occur and she was the one to solve them So it gets you wondering like why does death follow this old lady around?

You know, is she the avatar of death could be maybe she didn't exist at all Maybe she actually is someone who?

None of the other characters see and she's just she's like Bruce Willis in the sixth sense. What? I never saw that You ruined it for me. Hey this country guy I'm talking to is really dumb You ruined that for me Andy. Give me a brief description of what you're up to. It's summertime Oh, I was so nervous. You're gonna say my penis There's no Description. Mmm, but I'm bum, but I'm away. I knew a girl who would do that anytime you'd make a joke She would she would do either that or she would go what what?

Really sarcastically right you like you know, just unpleasant. So you married her But then I learned that what is actually a Laotian folk song And she was giving me a tribute that's the name of one of her ancestors look down upon us and bless this joke Yes. Oh great. But I'm bum, but I'm bum, please look down and see our supplicants Give me a description what you're up to this summer. I want to hear If you have any summer plans, are you going camping speaking of camping? That was that guy's name the rapture guy camping No, it was last name. Yeah, it was Wow bring it all full circle. It was kind of early for a callback You should wait till the end. Okay, let's talk about camping at the end. This is the worst Harold I've ever done Harold camping that was his name. I This summer I will be working on the Conan show. Oh great show. I may possibly be shooting some Pyramid game shows. Oh, that's right. Now. We heard about this a little while ago. You're the host of the new pyramid I in theory I hosted the the and the dollar amount the X $100,000 pyramid dollar pyramid For CBS which was going to go in the in this place where this cancelled soap opera as the world turns perhaps One of those I don't remember. Yeah. Yeah, I Almost thought you said gum and the restless which I actually would watch that Gum and the restless well, that's helpful though. If they're restless they've got the gum to chew They were restless leg bouncing gum chewing And so I did that but CBS chose to pick up the show the talk show in which the president of the network's wife is one of the stars Oh some reason they chose that over the show with the fat So hosting an old game show they chose the wife of the president Which was really stunning president of the number four should president Michelle Obama is not and nor is she a fat. So she's actually the anti fat. So right the fat So we're talking about of course would be me. Okay, and so then it they took it they had now a Pilot to show and they took it around to different places and it was one of those sort of things that has happened to me before where They They asked can we just extend the option a little bit just a little bit for no money at all, please Could we just kind of continue to take it to places and sell it and say that you would do it and I would say Hey, why not? You like doing it, right?

Well, yeah, and I mean it's not exactly You know that I hope they're not listening because it's not exactly like there was you know A hundred game shows beating down my door and I do have a I have a job So I you know, I have an embarrassment of riches That's what they pay you on the Kona Joe an embarrassment or riches. Yeah, just rubies every day. I get a bucket of rubies Golden chalice filled with emeralds and So it but it went around to different places and finally TBS was interested in it And they just recently said yes, we are officially interested in it They made the proclamation that doesn't mean that it's necessarily going to happen. It means that they have It is now they now have the possibility of rejecting it Okay, but they are the only ones who can reject it at this point now When you do it, how big of a celebrity do you have to do to to how big of a celebrity?

Do you have to be to play the game?

How big of a celebrity do you have to be to play the game? You mean will you take a podcast test?

The Aukerman level? Yes. I'm sure that you could you could probably work your way in there As you know Jimmy Pardo and I are huge fans of the pyramid. Uh-huh. We would play it all the time together. Right He would come up behind me and creepily give me a massage like Dick Clark would. Right, right And I'm fascinated with the game and I would play it with all my friends. Right. So get me in there, please All right, especially if I get a TV show out of this. Right, right, of course. Okay, that's the bare minimum I think. Listen, we had And you I'll leave it to you to judge. Okay, but I'm saying this and I'm not saying this in a pejorative way I am saying that you could certainly swim in this school of fish Mo Rocca Rachel Harris. The lead singer of School of Fish. Aisha Tyler Oh, okay. And Betty White. But Betty White was sort of, you know, grandmothered in. Yeah I, uh, yeah, she's like a legacy there. Yes, exactly. I would say I Have been on TV less than any of them. Right. But I could be in that. I mean, Aisha Tyler She was a love interest on Friends. I've never done that. I don't know. Was she really? Yeah. Oh, I didn't remember that I'm not sure. I can get in on here. Let's play a little bit right now. What do you say? Okay. All right I'll give the clues. Okay. This is in the finals. Okay. This is in the pyramid. Okay Lawrence Perry Garvey People named Steve. See? I'm great at this, right?

Well, no, but you were doing that. Oh, I guess you are good at this. That's the finals. That's the bonus round. But I'm not bad at it either. Yeah, that's what I'm saying is we're a team on this That's where I'm going with this. You and me. You'd be the celebrity too. Although we might choose to do it the other way So in that case, let me do this to you Let me think of something People like dead air, don't they?

You can edit this, right? You can pull this up. Or do you bother? Or not to. Do I bother?

That's the deal with the editing. I just can't be bothered with this show. All right. A parrot. Things that a pirate has. A spyglass. Possessions of a pirate. Things on a pirate ship. Yeah, there you go. That's the one I was thinking of.

Okay, great. I say we do it like the old match game and Hollywood Squares hour where John Bowser Bauman would play the game sometimes and then they would all switch off and he would host And that's what I think you and I should do is we should take turns hosting and take turns playing the game. And then sometimes play the game together while the contestants host First of all, you just threw me when you said that Bowser hosted a game show. I have no recollection of that whatsoever. That's right. Which one was it?

It was the match game slash Hollywood Squares from hour from the 80s. Bowser Bauman would be a contestant on match game. He would put his fist into his mouth. Yeah. On several occasions.

And then the set would change. Do you think that was like a sex thing? Do you think that he would put four cocks in his mouth? That's how he was training himself.

Or just like it was like his own little joke. It's like Carol Burnett when she would pull her ear as a message to her grandmother. It's him reminding his gay lovers he can fit four cocks in his mouth.

No, I think she used to let someone fuck her in the ear. And that was the tug to her secret ear lover. You think this grandmother story is just a cover story? Absolutely.

I think she was letting like a little little person fuck her in the ear. You think Billy Barty was out there fucking her in the ear? No, because I think Billy Barty had enormous genitalia.

Okay, yeah. That's been proven. Right, right. Okay, so basically the set would change. Another level would be added to the match game two level, bi-level set, split level. So another level on top of that. So there'd be nine celebrities and then Bowser Bauman would switch and he would host the Hollywood Squares portion of the show.

Oh really? Who would be hosting the match game? That's what I forget. But whoever hosted match game would be one of the celebrities in the Hollywood Squares. Right. Not Center Square, I believe.

But yeah, that's what I say we do is we just take turns doing whatever. It's just kind of free form. We, you know, sometimes I host, sometimes you host, we play the game together.

You have gone a long way from begging to be on the show to then like, you know, in your oily way sliding right into hosting.

Well, you know, you open the door a touch and that's how the devil gets in.

Alright, Satan.

Alright, so I'm here with Andy Richter the entire program. Why don't we take a break right now when we come back. We'll have an old favorite on the show. He hasn't been here in a while.

You know him. You love him. I don't even want to say his name because it's like Candyman. Once you do it, he appears and we want to wait till after the break.

So let's take a song. We'll be right back with a little comedy bang bang.

Tell me going, yeah, the lady did your for you.

People in the streets say, Randy, you the illest.

You're one of the realest or it's not hard to feel this.

People want to know if Michael's still in the ring. People want to know if Randy's doing his thing. Everybody's talking one and all this and that. So I'ma tell you right now, Randy Savage is back.

I'm back with Vengeance and got good chemistry. Me and Big 3 bought the Shaco industry. You can't believe Michael Mann's really rapping. Fucked up with the rascals. We made this thing happen.

Hit the studio to get paid in full and I can make power moves. I got a lot of Paul. Every time I'm in the streets, people still show love. They want to know what's going on. They want to know what's up.

People want to know if Michael's still in the ring. People want to know if Randy's doing his thing. Everybody's talking one and all this and that. So I'ma tell you right now, Randy Savage is back.

All right, we are back. This is Comedy Bang Bang. I am the world famous Scott-A-Bot. We are here with Andy Richter and a young man. I guess he's young.

Young and hot.

He just walked into the studio here. He's an old favorite. You know him as Buddy Velestro.

Velestro!

Velestro.

Why you continue to mispronounce my name, Scott Oxlaman? It's very insulting.

You're right. The Cake Boss is here with us.

Cake Boss! I made cakes! In case you forgot who I am and what I do.

Did you say in cakes you forgot?

Oh, I wish I had.

And that should be your new catchphrase.

Justin Cakes!

In Cakes You Forgot, and that's your picture.

Justin Cakes, that would be like, oh, Justin Timber Cakes!

We've already peaked.

That's like a cake that thinks it's funny. Because famous people tell it it's funny. But it's just normal.

But it's just outgoing.

It's like somebody in the office that's like, hey, he's a nice stuff guy. He's not the most hilarious person in the world.

Good singing voice, though. You gotta give him that.

He can sing like a bird that's a cake.

Justin Timber Cakes.

Did you see that guy in England? He made an angry bird's cake for his son.

Where is this now, England?

England. In the United Kingdom.

He made this angry bird's cake for his son. And his son was like, oh, Papa. That's what they say over there.

He's like, oh, Papa, I love you for making me this elaborate angry bird's cake.

I've been working on an angry bird's cake for years.

Really?

It predates the game.

You just had the idea. Did it come to you in one of your cake visions?

I laid my hands on a dead bird in the park. Something happened to him. I don't know. Maybe he died of natural causes.

But I suspect a foul play. I thought maybe somebody tried to burn this bird.

Is that a pun? Foul play?

I don't understand what you're saying.

Okay.

So I lay hands on this bird to see if I could communicate to the great beyond, the bird heaven.

Sure. Now, as we've established on the show.

Oh, yeah. You should probably get people up to speed.

Yeah. If you haven't heard it in one of Cake Boss's previous appearances, Cake Boss doesn't just talk about cakes.

He also, at one point in your career, you were bitten by a...

A cake bug.

A radioactive cake bug.

No, it's a regular cake bug.

Oh, I'm so sorry. I got that detail wrong.

Regular cake bug bit me, and they don't bite people that much. But this one bit me, and then he poured into me the gift of the second sight.

So you can communicate with the dead.

Hold on a second.

No.

Second sight, I can see the future.

Oh, I'm so sorry. I thought at one point...

Hold on a second. You're making me very frustrated.

I'm sorry.

Then at another point, I was making a pyramid cake for an Egyptian client.

Oh, you should make that for Andy Richter.

Oh, my God, that'd be so perfect.

Put a pin in that.

All right.

Because I do want to talk about it.

All right.

At length.

At length. To the detriment of the podcast.

Sure, yeah.

I was making this pyramid cake for this Egyptian guy who was planning his own Egyptian-style funeral, and I got bitten by a cake scarab.

Oh, right. That's what happened.

And then I gained the power to communicate with the dead, including fictitious dead people.

Wait, the cake scarab is the cake bug. It's not two separate occasions.

Oh, they're two separate occasions.

Oh, my goodness. I get bit by so many insects.

Oh, my God.

Cake-related.

There's been more cake-related insects you've been bitten by?

More on that later.

Okay, good, good.

So that's what's going on. So when you laid your hands upon the bird, you were hoping to communicate with its dead self.

I wanted to get a window into bird heaven, because I long suspected there's a heaven for every living creature on God's green earth.

We're not all living together in an ecosystem that is dependent upon one another.

No.

We are separated and it's segregated.

It's every man for himself.

Or bug for bug self.

Yeah, I didn't want to get into every species on the planet.

Give us a couple, though.

Okay. It's every whale for whale self. It is. Every flower for flower self. Yeah, and so on and etc.

But you must have a couple more.

All right. It's every bat for bat self. It's every...

Now, are there...

Hold on a second. I'm thinking of things. Every platypus for platypus itself.

Okay. May I interject with a question?

Oh, I wish you would. Even though it was your idea to make me name more things.

Are every species of bat segregated? So a fruit bat is a different heaven?

No, they're just bats.

So just all bats?

Yeah. Oh, they're not happy about it either. They get up there and they're like, oh, fruit bats.

The N-words of bats.

I'm a vampire bat.

Well, now the platypus heaven must be small compared to, say, like, roach heaven.

There's ten platypuses in there.

Wait a minute. Hold on. Because there's fewer platypuses?

Yeah, yeah. Because I would think...

Because they're so much bigger than roaches.

No, but there's so many roaches on the planet.

There's so many roaches. It's very crowded in roach heaven because they're also very pious.

But platypuses, they're sinners. Oh, they break the Ten Commandments.

They don't honor their father and mother. They take the Lord's name in vain in platypus talk.

They're constantly bearing false witness against their neighbors.

Not honoring the Sabbath?

They do honor the Sabbath. I gotta say. That's the one they get right.

They're really great about that.

You can't just do one and then you're in the grave.

Right, exactly.

It's ten for a reason. This is what the platypus god says to them.

What is that reason?

Because that's how he wants it. And he likes everything just so.

Yeah, it's easy to remember, too.

Yeah, well, I mean, our numerical system is based on the deca tens.

Right, right.

This was the fingers.

Deka tens.

That's right.

Okay, so now you laid your hands upon this bird.

I laid my cake hands upon this bird.

So you have cake hands.

Well, they're not made of cake. They make cakes.

Yeah, okay, great.

I call them my cake hands.

And just to remind me what they're for.

It's like Woody Guthrie wrote on his guitar, this machine kills fascists.

And so I look at my hands and I say, these hands make cakes.

It's not poetic. It's more literal, I guess.

But I do. I'm constantly saying it to myself.

Anytime I look at my hands, that's what runs through my head, like a little ticker tape.

Yeah, these hands make cakes.

These hands make cakes. These hands make cakes. That's what it sounds like in my head.

I wish someone would kill me sometimes.

Not all the time.

Wait, when you're doing something unsavory with your hands, is it hard?

I think I know what you mean.

Well, there's a few things.

Taking out the garbage.

Well, yeah, exactly.

Anything where you're not making a cake.

Taking out the garbage can be interpreted in many ways.

Oh, I read you, brother.

Now, is it troubling to you that those are the same hands that make cakes?

Oh, enormously.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I have a tortured soul.

I would think.

Yeah, I sometimes wish that I could be transplanted into a different body.

That doesn't make cakes.

Do you perform any kind of self-flagellation at all?

Constantly.

Yeah.

Are you familiar with the Da Vinci Code, that book?

Oh, sure, yes.

Yeah, I'm like that weird albino. I'm always hitting myself with stuff.

Look, I'm not rich. I can't afford all the fancy stuff that those guys get in Opus Dei.

Counted nine tails.

Yeah, I do what I can. I'll get like a...

You'll grab a spatula every once in a while.

A spatula or a bunch of whisks tied together.

Pastry bag full of pie weights.

Pastry bag. That's more pleasurable. I had to stop doing that. I was like, this is like heaven.

It's like a one-man pillow fight.

All right, so you laid your...

Why were we talking about?

You were laying your hands on this bird.

I laid my cake hands on this bird, this deceased bird.

And I was like, now I can't remember why. Oh, to appear at the bird heaven.

Yeah.

How did we get onto this in the first place?

Because of the Angry Birds cake.

AN ANGRY BIRD CAKE!

And this is what I was going to ask. Did the bird seem angry? Like it had died in anger?

Angie, thank you so much for getting me back on track.

You're welcome.

Angie, this guy, this bird, he was furious because he had been murdered.

Oh, no.

It was a dispute with a business partner over this nest they were going to build.

Was it a human business partner?

No, it was another bird.

So the nest was a commercial property.

Yeah. Oh, no, it turned out...

It wasn't zoned correctly?

It was another bird. And this other bird, this partner was like, hey, I got this pig.

He's interested in investing in this nest.

And the dead bird was like, what? That's crazy. A pig has no interest in a nest.

I suspect foul play. This guy's up to something.

And then the bird partner killed the bird. Who is dead?

So what was the motive, though? Because it always goes back to the money, though, doesn't it?

It's money. Follow the money. That's what this dead bird said to me.

Only in bird language, money is seeds and feed.

No, it's money. These...

Wait, they're actually passing money back and forth?

Yeah. They're not stupid. Like, come on.

Scott, you can't buy stuff with seeds.

I thought the birds more bartered in order to...

They like things. They like material possessions.

OK. Well, that's why they're always stealing like little shiny things like rings and bracelets.

That's what I'm trying to tell you, Scott Huxman!

Oh, and they cash those in for money. Yes!

I see. Yes!

Is it all based on the gold standard? Like, is there...

Yeah, they're still on the gold standard, the birds.

So they have a treasury somewhere where all of the bird gold is stored.

Yeah, there's a bird treasury. OK.

It's heavily guarded.

It's like Fort Squawks.

I don't understand what you're saying to me.

Right? Anyone? No, you're...

That was met with a lot of silence in the room here.

As much as that could be.

Is there a way to take any sound out of the room?

That it's a total vacuum?

All right, then.

So tell us about Angry Birds, then.

How did... The bird was angry and he gave you the idea?

Or did you peer into the future and you saw the future of the game?

I'll admit, I was a little selfish.

And when this bird got angry, I just started fantasizing about a game that could be turned into a cake.

And I forgot about his problems.

And that's... I'll take responsibility for that.

That's where I failed as a person.

Where did you leave the bird? Did you just...

Oh, just in the ground. I'm not gonna...

So you buried the bird?

No, no. On the ground, I should say.

I left him where he was.

Hey, look, he's got a family. It's up to them to make the funeral arrangement.

I offered to make a cake for the funeral.

Oh, you did? Well, at least you did that.

I said, little bird, should your family elect to have a traditional funeral for you?

I will make the cake.

And I'm assuming that was psychically, you were not actually saying those words in that inflection?

I do say it out loud. It helps to do it.

It helps to channel.

So you were speaking bird language then? Tweet, tweet, tweet? Translated?

No, he's in the grip. He can understand human speech now.

Oh, so when you're in heaven, you understand...

How do you think those parrots, they get so good at talking English?

Did you say pirates?

I did not say pirates. I said parrots!

Oh, okay.

How do you think they, oh, because they learn, they're one of the few species that...

These parrots, they know what they're saying. They're not just repeating things mindlessly.

That's why it's so hard to get them to say some stuff because they're like, I don't want to say that.

Mmm.

Because based on moral grounds?

Moral, personal taste. There's a lot of things that parrots make decisions based upon.

Okay, so we, have we covered why you made an Angry Birds cake?

I wanted to make the Angry Birds cake and then this guy in England, she beat me to it and his dumb son, it's like Willy Wonka, that spoiled rotten kid.

Ah, Augustus Gloop.

I hope he turns into a cake!

Wait, I thought you said...

Wouldn't that be the...

I don't mean to be a stickler here, but you said in the beginning of this that you had been making Angry Birds cakes for years, predating the game.

So...

No, I was, I had an idea for Angry Birds cake.

Oh, alright, then I misunderstood. I checked the tape, people, I really think you said that.

Hey, I can hear you!

Oh, I put my hand over my mouth, though.

But you're on a microphone!

Oh, right, and you're wearing headphones.

It's like you whispered that directly to my skull.

How often, Cake Boss, may I call you Cake Boss or should I call you Buddy?

You may call me what you wish.

Alright, Cake Boss, how often do you get ideas for cakes which you do not follow up on?

Scott Axelman, you have to understand, have you ever seen the movie, It's a Beautiful Mind?

The movie, It's a Beautiful Mind? Yes, I believe I have.

Did I say movie?

I think you did.

I wouldn't be surprised.

Anyway, in this movie, this guy, he's got such a beautiful mind, he's always seeing mathematical equations, dancing around like sugar plums.

Sure.

And that's what it's like for me with cake ideas, just like I look around this room and I see a million cake ideas, they're all trying to get me!

You're like Virgil in The Usual Suspects where everything in the room can mean something to you.

I think he can be Virgil.

No, I mean Virgil.

Oh, who is he again in the movie?

He was Virgil's brother.

We didn't see that much of him.

No, he was around though.

He's talked about a lot.

That's like another famous classic film I can't remember where one character is constantly referenced and we never see him.

It's a lot like the Marx Brothers, they would talk about them a lot and then they'd show up, right?

I don't know what I'm saying.

Yeah, every Marx Brothers movie began with a half hour of talking about them and then the queue line would always be, when are those Marx Brothers ever going to show up?

And then they burst through the wall.

Oh yeah!

I'm about to tell these cameras to stop rolling.

I think you're thinking of Kool-Aid commercials.

Kool-Aid?

Yeah, Kool-Aid.

I'm like, where does this Kool-Aid guy ever show up?

It's me Kool-Aid.

It's me Gummo.

All right, well, why don't we take a break here?

No, all right.

Very dismissive.

You're very dismissive, Scott Oxman.

What I'm trying to say is that...

Oh, I'm so sorry I answered your questions that you asked me.

No, you've answered it, asked, answered, and now it's time to take a break because we're going to get to the main reason.

I'll allow it, but watch yourself, Mr. Oxman.

That's from John Mulaney's bit about law and order.

Ah.

That's a funny bit.

We're going to get to why you're here and what exactly you are here to.

I dare you to.

Okay.

And let's take a break.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

We will be right back with Andy Richter, Buddy Velastro, Cake Boss.

I'm Scott-A-Bot.

We'll be right back.

Cake Boss!

Buddy, this is Houston.

All you need is the rocket experience.

What you need is the rocket experience.

All you need is the rocket experience.

To go flying into outer space.

To see this world as a beautiful place.

All mankind one human race.

I tell a story about my time on the moon now.

The sky was black even though the sunshine died.

Moonwalking such a trip it's so fine.

When you're walking in the lunar dust.

It took us four days riding on a rocket.

To set foot for the very first time.

I'm going to tell you about the meaning of it all.

We came at peace for all mankind.

Imagine a place above the sky.

Riding orbits in 90 minutes time.

All you need is to come with me.

I'll be your guide.

To go flying into outer space.

To see this world as a beautiful place.

All mankind one human race.

All right.

Welcome back.

This is Scott-A-Bot.

We're here with Andy Richter.

We're here with Cake Boss.

Cake Boss!

Cake Boss has a lot of stuff to talk to us about.

But before we do that.

Before we do that why don't we play a little game.

It's a game that we like to call Who Said It.

Said it.

All right.

Time to play Who Said It.

How dare you.

How dare you talk about anyone else wasting your airtime.

How dare you.

The gall.

The unmitigated gall.

All right Andy.

You've never played this but I'm sure you know how to play.

Sure.

I wasn't listening but I'm ready to go.

I have improv training.

Basically I have a lot of famous quotes here.

Okay.

And I'm going to say the quote and if you can guess who said it.

You will get a point and we'll count up the points at the end of the game and we'll see who wins.

Okay.

All right.

We will start with Andy.

To my left Andy.

Who said it?

A house divided against itself will not stand.

Oh you just said it.

Well yes.

This is an easy game.

He's right.

It's so easy.

The first person to say it.

Maybe I should say.

The person to make it famous.

Well nobody else.

He said it.

You said it.

No I mean the first person in history of course.

What?

I don't know who that was.

The first person in history.

Adam.

I'm winning the game.

It's not your turn but if you want to guess Adam or the Adam.

I don't like this on my turn.

I don't know.

Was it Winston Churchill?

I remember the phrase.

I don't remember who said it.

Great guess.

Unfortunately no.

Abraham Lincoln.

Oh him.

Oh he was a good one.

He was talking about of course the Civil War.

Yeah the Civil War.

That makes sense.

More sense than Winston Churchill.

I'll believe you.

All right.

You'll sign off on that one?

Yeah yeah yeah.

Sounds all right.

While the cake boss was talking I should have Googled it.

Oh.

Oh that is a great.

Yeah.

Is cheating allowed?

I should not have allowed phones into the studio.

Hey cake boss if you want me to install it for you I will.

All right.

Let's work out a deal.

All right.

This is going to have to be like who wants to marry a millionaire.

I'm saying that wrong perhaps.

What is that game show?

Oh whom wants to marry a millionaire?

Yeah yeah.

Who wants to finger a millionaire?

Oh no what is that show?

Who wants to be a millionaire?

Who wants to be one?

Really?

Is that what it's called?

Yeah yeah yeah.

That's a terrible name.

Who wants to marry a millionaire?

But it wasn't who wants.

Was it?

It's I want to marry a millionaire.

Who wouldn't want to?

Marry a millionaire was an imperative.

I think it was who wouldn't want to marry a millionaire.

All right.

Cake boss.

Coming to you now.

A friend to all is a friend to none.

Oh I'm going to say.

Hey Scott what's going on?

Oh yeah.

You're such a machine.

No cheating.

Put that down.

You really got me on that cheating clause.

Yeah.

A friend to all is a friend to none.

That does not even sound remotely familiar.

I'm going to say it was Aesop.

Very close.

From Fables.

You got the A correct.

It was Aristotle.

Oh.

Aristotle.

My next guess is going to be A. Whitney Brown.

And then Whitney Cummings.

We have no score at this point.

All right.

Let's turn to Andy Richter.

A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.

Oh what a dick that guy is.

Who said it?

It sounds like some shit.

Well no.

Wait.

A man who dares to waste one hour.

Maybe Whitman.

No I'm sorry.

It was Jay Leno.

Jay Leno.

A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.

I'm sorry we are still scoreless.

Since when I said something about why not watch my show.

Wait a minute are you Jay Leno?

No I'm just doing his voice.

I don't understand what's happening.

How is this possible?

It's a very close impression of Jay Leno.

You've been possessed by Jay Leno.

Aren't we all?

You got bitten by a Jay Leno bug.

Wait wouldn't he be bitten by an Andy Richter bug?

No I was walking by Jay Leno's house and was hit by the roast beef that got thrown out the window.

I don't know what you're talking about.

He wrote a children's book about a roast beef getting thrown out the window.

I think it was a cute retelling of a moment of wild domestic violent Italian rage from his childhood.

Like his dad getting angry and throwing a roast out the window.

And he tells it in this completely emotionless style.

It's good when childless people write children's books.

Oh it's great.

It's not cynical at all.

Alright here we go.

Who said it's turning to Buddy now?

Four score and that makes 28 points.

It sounds like Abraham Lincoln to me.

John Madden.

Of course talking about football, seven points.

Is he still with us?

I believe he is.

Why?

I don't know.

He hasn't let go yet.

What keeps him alive?

His gargoyle power.

Did he get bitten by a gargoyle bug?

He got bitten by a gargoyle bug.

Alright Andy Richter turning to you.

Here we go.

Famous quote.

Who said it?

I want to die but there is no cause for which I am prepared to kill.

Lenny Kravitz.

So close.

That's Dr. William H. The Cause Cosby Jr.

Talking to Camille.

There is no cause for which I am prepared to kill.

He was telling her he would not defend her with murder.

Murdering her assailants.

How did it come up do you think?

I don't know.

She's probably just one of those what ifs.

Like hey if we were seeing the Mask of Zorro and we came outside and a mugger came up to us and tried to steal my pearls would you jump in front of a bullet for me?

Are you talking about the origin of the Batman?

I may be getting that confused with Cosby.

Are you saying that Theo would have become the Batman in that scenario?

At least Cockroach.

Cockroach is not related by blood to the Cosby's.

To the Huxtable family.

So he's over there all the time.

He's like family I'll grant you that.

Sure.

Oh they love Cockroach.

I was thinking that the person that would become the Batman would be Lisa Bonet who was married to Lenny Kravitz and that's why I said Lenny Kravitz.

Oh of course.

Yeah.

Alright who was that?

That was a buddy?

No that was him.

Or me.

That was you.

It's his turn.

It's his buddy's turn.

I'm ready to receive.

Cake boss.

Alright here we go.

Who said it?

Okay this is a three parter.

Alright.

Oh boy.

Three different quotes.

One person.

Oh why are you killing me?

He's got oxygen.

I don't have time for three parters.

I've got cakes to make.

First quote from 1968.

He's been making cakes this entire time you know.

Thank you for noticing.

Under the table with his bare feet.

Is that what he's doing under the table?

Under the bare feet.

Yes sir.

It's just food cakes.

When you look at your feet do you say with these cakes or with these feet I do thee make cakes?

What?

Yeah I'm married to them.

Alright speaking of marriage.

Three parter from 1968.

Linda Woodrow will you marry me?

Then famous quote from 1983.

Renata Blowell will you marry me?

Then famous quote from 2011.

Hey David remember when I used to ruin women's lives by pretending I was straight and in love with them?

I am truly a horrible man.

Who said it?

I'm going to say that was.

Henry Winkler.

Henry Winkler or did you say Harry Winkler?

Both.

Okay.

Either one that applies?

Yeah.

Harry.

Whichever one's right.

Unfortunately that was Elton John.

Who?

Elton John.

Who is that?

Famous singer.

Can't be too famous if I've never heard of him.

Well I'm going to have to disagree with you on that.

Well let's agree to disagree.

Alright we are scoreless.

Last questions Andy Richter.

The soldiers of Islam will continue planning until they cause the disaster that makes children look like the elderly.

Oh this is an easy one.

Who said it?

Bin Laden?

So close.

It's actually that magic fortune teller machine from Big.

Makes children look like the elderly was your clue.

So sorry you did not get a point.

Alright buddy you have a chance to win it here.

Oh I can win it here.

Oh boy.

Who said it?

Hee hee.

Chamon.

Where's Lisa Marie?

Dah.

Where dem elephant bones?

Dem.

Where's McCully?

Dah.

Chamon.

Who?

Where my glove?

Who?

Who said it?

Sherwin Williams?

So close that was President Barack Obama announcing the assassination of Osama Bin Laden.

Alright no points no one wins but that is how you play who said it.

Said it.

That's how you play it.

That was fun.

Relatively speaking.

I forgot that the who used a lot of the dumb keyboards on their songs.

Oh yeah.

They got into that keyboard phase didn't they?

I like the one on Bob O'Reilly though.

Yeah the one that they don't actually play in concert they just play a tape of it.

Yeah.

I remember seeing them on Live Aid or something like that where basically that whole big keyboard solo came in and it cut to the keyboardist Bird's Eye View like oh man we're going to show this guy playing the thing and he's just standing there chilling next to it.

Bird's Eye View like from Bird Heaven?

Yeah.

That's why is Bird Heaven way up in the sky like past where birds live?

It's past where heaven is.

What?

Yeah that's how high up in the sky it is.

So are.

They're birds.

Are ghost birds or angel birds I guess they would be constantly shitting on.

Whoa whoa whoa those are two different things.

Those are two different things.

Okay.

First of all angel birds never got to shit on people's heads.

It's the angels still.

But ghost birds are.

Ghost birds they're the worst.

They were all right now we're all covered in ghost bird shit we don't even know it.

It's disgusting.

Because they they shit more than regular birds.

Oh they shit out of spikes.

Constantly shitting.

Constantly.

They're angry.

They got unfinished business on earth and then it's the shit on stuff.

Tell us a little more buddy.

Cake Boss.

Before we get to actually why you're here and.

Oh wait till you find out the reason.

Before we get to that tell us a little bit about are there is there anyone that you've communicated with in the afterlife recently that you you found anything out of it.

Last time you were here you you you communicated with.

I can't remember exactly who but it was a fictional character I believe.

I think it was the Colonel Henry Blake from MASH the book.

Oh yes the book.

We were trying to get a hold of McLean Stevenson Colonel Henry Blake from MASH the TV show.

It didn't go so well.

Colonel Henry Blake from the book MASH he turned out to be a horrible racist.

Oh right.

And I couldn't talk to him anymore.

I got no truck with that.

Right.

You just hung up the proverbial.

Yeah I went out of my trench.

Yeah.

So and remind everyone how you have to do this.

You have to get into a trance and how do you get into that.

I go into a trance.

It's a basic trance.

It's just my eyes roll back on my head and I start speaking in tongues a little bit.

Is there any kind of preparation that you need to do?

No.

It's just like just decide to do it and then do it.

You know it's like how much preparation you got to do to turn the doorknob.

You know what I mean?

I'm legitimately asking.

It's just learn behavior in other words.

Once you know how to do it you can always do it.

I don't know all your technical terms but I think we're saying the same thing.

Okay.

So now as I recall your trance is you just repeat your name over and over.

There's a little bit more to it than that.

Really?

I make some other noises first and then it ends with my name.

Let's ask Andy Richter here.

Andy you've been on this earth for a while now.

Forty-four years.

Walking the globe like Wai Kung Chin the Kung Fu guy.

And you must have come across in your life some person that you wish you, that who's passed on that you wish you could communicate with.

Perhaps personally that you know or someone that you're a fan of.

Or even someone from literature who has died in the books.

Of course they have to have died in the books because if they don't die in the books then they are still living on.

We all know the rules if Cake Boss's trance is here.

But there must be someone that you would like Cake Boss to communicate with.

Let's see.

Well how about Peggy Lee?

Peggy Lee? Great. We talked about her earlier in the show.

What kind of questions would you like to ask Peggy Lee before he gets a hold of her?

What would you like to know? What have you always wanted to know about Peggy Lee?

I guess I'd like to know if she had affairs with any famous fellas.

Oh that's a great question. I'd love to hear the details of those.

Now Scott do you have any questions? What are your questions you always wanted to ask Peggy Lee? We all have them.

I would like to know basically if she ever had a different name than Peggy Lee.

I would like to know the date of her birth and the date of her death.

Basically anything you could see on Wikipedia but I'm too lazy to look it up.

Go right to the shorts. I admire it.

Because you know Wikipedia anyone can edit it.

Anyone can edit that!

It could be wrong, it's not fact checked at all.

When I go on Wikipedia and I see that these people are putting in things on my page, like the cake boss, he doesn't make so many cakes, somebody wrote that!

Really?

I wrote to that moderator and I said you gotta take this off because I do make a bunch of cakes.

Do they have, if you were to go on the cake boss's Wikipedia page right now, would you see all the details about being bitten by a cake bug and being bitten by a cake scarab?

Somebody keeps taking that off.

I put it on there and I write to the owner of Wikipedia and I'm like I am the cake boss and I'm telling you these things happened to me.

And then I look at my Wikipedia page and then they're all there.

So if you're out there listening to the show, please help out and try to edit.

Please all peoples of the world, including Ghana, you must know that these things have happened to me.

I'm the cake boss!

Alright, so help us out, do that instead of leaving a comment on our earwolf.com page.

Don't leave comments on pages, what's the matter with you?

You have better things to do? Come on.

Why is it that all your comments matter on the pages?

Why did you tie a note to a pigeon and set him off in the air?

Alright, so let's go into a trance.

If I can please just ask you to do this, I know that you didn't plan on doing this, but if I can impose...

No, I'm fine to do it, I don't mind doing it.

It's easy for you.

It does eat away at my soul a little bit and I turn ever closer to the dark side.

Okay, and is it ending your life shorter than it normally would?

I think it's prolonging my life.

Oh really?

And it's making me a dark immortal, but I'll do it.

Okay, great. Do you need anything from us? Do you need us to set this up?

I just need you to stop talking for two seconds.

Okay, can do, here we go.

Seems like you have a difficulty.

Alright, this is Condi Bang Bang, we are...

Condi Bang Bang Cake Boss.

...going into my trance.

I am now in my trance.

I'm peering across the gulf of time and space into the after world.

And I see many souls wandering around wearing robes and playing little hobs.

Some of them got halos, some of them don't.

To whom do you wish to speak in the after world?

Should I say it or should Amy say it?

It doesn't matter.

Can we say it together?

If it pleases you to do so.

Alright, here we go. One, two, three.

Harm and Killer Brew.

Wait, what did you say?

Oh, Harm and Killer Brew. I changed my mind.

You can't just change your mind at the last second.

Oh, I'm sorry.

You did not say it in tandem.

I want to say Han Solo.

Okay.

Give me an order of people...

Wait a minute, Han Solo didn't actually die.

Chewbacca died in one of the books.

Right, oh, okay.

Can we talk to Chewbacca?

Sure, sure.

Alright, let's talk to Chewbacca.

Okay, three...

I think that's canon.

...two, one.

Chewbacca.

Chewbacca, I will find you in the after world.

The fictional Chewbacca that died in one of the Star Wars novelizations.

Probably written by Alan Dean Foster.

The author of Splinter of the Mind's Eyes.

Which I read in the fifth grade.

Can I ask you a question while you're in there?

Yes.

Are you going to Wookie Heaven to find Chewbacca?

I'm going to literary fiction Wookie Heaven in the after world.

Oh, boy, it's crowded in here.

So many Wookie's have died.

There was like a Wookie genocide in one of those first movies.

Why, Wookie's, I weep for you all.

Oh, there he is.

Hey.

That was pretty easy.

Well, he's famous.

Oh.

Hey.

Everyone's looking at him.

Chewbaccas, Chewbaccas.

Everybody has questions for you.

What questions do you have for fictional Chewbacca who died in the book?

I have a question right off the bat.

Go ahead.

Would it make you upset when Han Solo would call you a mangy furball?

Or when Princess Leia would, I guess.

Be more clear in your questions.

OK.

I don't want to waste this famous Wookie's time.

All right.

So Princess Leia would call you like a fleabag or a furball.

Oh, my God.

You're making it too conversational.

OK.

Let me ask you.

What did you think of Princess Leia?

Follow up.

Were you happy when Han Solo.

Who are you, Helen Tomish?

This is getting needlessly complex.

OK.

All right.

What are your impressions of Princess Leia?

All right.

That's a good one.

Fictional Chewbacca's from the Star Wars novelizations who has passed on.

Shuffled off this mortal coil.

What do you think of Princess Leia?

What's she like?

What?

Chewbacca's?

That's rude.

No, I know what she called you, but still.

Hey.

I know you're from a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.

This is modern times and Earth, and that's not how we talk to women.

Well, if I had a glove, I would slap you across the face.

I will meet you on the field of honor at dawn, Wookie Heaven time.

All right.

It's a date.

You and I will have a blast-a-dool.

Who is your second?

I don't know who that is.

No, I never saw it.

No, people have told me about it, and I guess it's on YouTube or whatever, but it just sounded dumb.

Well, it's a made-up holiday.

Well, you can't just make up a holiday that's exactly like Thanksgiving.

It's stupid.

What?

Don't get mad at me.

I didn't make you be in it.

All right.

I'll see you tomorrow.

I love you, too.

Did that answer your question?

Are you selling your trans?

Yes.

Were you talking about Christmas of the made-up holiday from the Star Wars Christmas special?

Was it Christmas?

I believe it was.

I don't even remember.

It's dumb, whatever it is.

It is a made-up holiday, though.

Yeah.

Not like Christmas.

Who did he want to be his second?

I couldn't quite hear that part.

It was something like, I guess the Wookie, I was supposed to know who it is.

Oh, from one of his family when they were trying to get him home.

Yeah.

Pardon me for not knowing every single Wookie.

I don't read Us Weekly about Wookies.

That's the name of that magazine, right?

Are you still with him?

I'm still in my trance.

No, he's gone.

Oh, because I wanted to know if he had sex with any famous people.

I'll go back there.

Okay.

Wait, before we do, I think that part one of our show is over.

Can you stay in your trance?

Yes.

Until we go to part two?

Yes.

Let me ask you this, because we want to make sure that we can't do a show without getting to some plugs.

Can we do a mini plugs here?

Yes.

Why don't we do a...

Like it's in your hair.

Stay in your trance, okay?

Let's go to our plugs theme here.

Here we go.

Oh, this is the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial plugs section.

Engineer Dugs seems highly dubious.

Does that mean I have to record my plug song again?

All right.

I guess I will.

And it goes a little something like this.

Insects sure are friendly bugs.

A fine wine's best enjoyed by chugs.

All podcast engineers are dugs.

I can't do nothing if I'm not on drugs.

Kisses are just dirty hugs.

Milk is best kept fresh in jugs.

Aw, you're the sweetest, you big lugs.

I can't stop buying those novelty mugs.

Those ugly dogs?

Why, those are pugs.

Let's skin snakes and make them rugs.

Indecisiveness expressed in shrugs.

Snails without shells are really slugs.

What's Up Hot Dog Memorial plugs?

It's over, it's over.

Do any of you listeners have a concept of time?

That was Nick Faber sent us that one.

Thank you so much.

If you have your own plugs theme for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial plug section, please send it to, I don't know where to send it.

But we'll get it somewhere.

See if you can beat Nick for length.

I believe we'll have a new website next week where you can post it under the discussions thread.

All right, so we're going to do a little mini plugs.

Mini plugs.

Even though you're still in your trance.

Yes, I'm talking in my trance voice.

I know we're ending on a cliffhanger here, but that's what we have to do.

All right, Andy, do you have anything to plug coming up?

No.

Conan Show, four nights a week though, right?

Yeah, sure, whatever.

Okay.

Buddy, what do you have to plug?

When does this drop?

We're Monday, of course.

We're here on the 24th, Monday.

Okay, you don't have to...

Well, looks like Monday is going to be the 23rd this year.

All right, really?

I must have the year wrong.

Well, you know we tape these a year in advance.

I forgot.

Happy 2010 to you.

Thank you so much.

Happy 2010 to you.

The customary greeting of 2010.

I would like to cede my plug time to a good friend.

All right.

Can you communicate with your friend in the afterlife?

Yes, hold on a second.

I'm going into a side trench.

Kick, boss.

Who am I speaking to?

Oh, hi, it's me, Paul F. Tompkins.

Thanks, kick, boss.

Paul F. Tompkins from the Paul F. Tompkins Show.

Hi, guys.

I can only stay here for a limited time.

I feel myself being pulled back to Earth.

So let me just say...

What were you doing?

What was that?

What were you doing when you were pulled away from Earth?

I was watching The Killing.

Oh, okay.

It's getting better.

It is getting better.

I enjoy it.

The 27th of May, I will be at the Gothic Theater in Denver, Colorado.

Scary.

And tickets are still on sale, but it's almost sold out, so get on that.

You can find...

And then also, hold on a second.

And then June 18th, I will be doing a special live performance of the pod F. Tompkast at Largo at the Coronet.

Wow, a taping or just a performance of it?

Both.

It will be a performance that is recorded.

Why wasted?

And then will later be published.

Why wasted?

Right, exactly.

We went to all the trouble.

Special guests include maybe a certain boss of cakes that you're familiar with.

What?

Jen Kirkman, of course, and doing a sketch with Judy Greer, the famous comic actress.

June 18th, you can find tickets to all those things on my website, paulftompkins.com.

I must go!

Okay, boss.

I did it.

Thank you.

And I, of course, Paul didn't mention this before he left, but we have the Scott Aukerman and Paul F. Tompkins show at Sasquatch this coming Monday.

That's right.

So if you are going to the Sasquatch Festival in Washington, come see us on Monday.

And because it's a holiday on Monday, we are actually...

The next show where we will resolve this cliffhanger is going to go up on Tuesday of next week, the Tuesday after Memorial Day.

So Tuesday the 31st is when you'll see the resolution to this cliffhanger.

That's exciting!

All right, so do you have anything to say in your trance before we leave?

No.

All right.

We will see you next week when we figure out what is going on with Chewbacca and who Chewbacca has slept with.

All right, we'll see you then.

Okay, boss.

This has been an Earwulf Media Production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwulf.com.

Earwulfradio.com The wolf dead.
