---
layout: page
title: 106.5 Andy Richter,Paul F. Tompkins [5156⧸20989].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Coming up on the show today, the climactic conclusion of last week's episode, the second part of our Andy Richter Cake Boss Spectacular. You're not going to want to miss this. We are going to play some games and hear exactly what happened to Buddy since the last time we heard from him, all up on today's...

Oh, thank you very much, Reggie Watts. This is Comedy Bang Bang. I'm the world famous Scottabot. And as you know, last week we left off on an intense cliffhanger. You could almost say this is like our season ender in a way, because it's a two-part episode that you had to wait a week for the second part, but... You should have gotten some movie voiceover guy to say, like, and now we get back to the Cake Boss's trance. Previously on Comedy Bang Bangs.

I just cut that out of this section and use it at the top?

No, I do not grant my permission.

Okay, thanks. I understand that.

I'm very protective of my work, of my art.

The Cake Boss was deep in a trance where he was speaking to the fictionally dead Chewbacca.

Well, let me set up the show because this may be people's first show that they listen to it.

I want to explain what's going on.

What? You are lost, people.

I know. First of all, I am Scottabot, as you know, and this is Andy Richter is to my left.

You know, I'm from The Conan Show and from his own work and...

I think that what hand I'm sitting on really doesn't matter to people.

Oh, it's important. A lot of these people got OCD out there.

You're still using that voice, by the way. You can get back into your Andy Richter book.

No, this is going to be me the entire time.

Summarize more things.

In a world.

That's it?

No, yeah, yeah, yeah. In a world.

Who are you, Donald?

Who are you, Donald or Pete?

Is that who that is?

I think that's a good thing.

Oh, okay.

If you're first listening to the show, by the way...

Who gives a shit?

Basically, this is a comedy show. I have my hilarious friend, Andy Richter on, and we also have another guest on the show who has a little bit of a bizarre voice.

I know that some people are listening to the show going, What are you talking about?

Saying, what is going on in my ear holes?

This is just shouting to me. To my face, you say this.

This man with a comically shrill voice.

You're making it worse.

Why is he talking? What kind of program is this?

What people are asking, why am I talking? This is rude.

They're thinking, what kind of show am I listening to with such a bizarre character?

I also think he's insulting you across different universes.

Across realities.

I bet you're insulting me in the multiverse.

But let me explain who you are. Your name is Buddy Velasco...

Cake Boss.

Cake Boss, yes, of course. The Cake Boss, you've seen him on his own show.

Cake Boss.

What station are you on?

The Learning Channel, stupid.

Of course.

What else would you be doing?

What a ridiculous question.

Yes, yes, the Learning Channel.

Don't you like to learn?

What does one learn when you watch your show? How to make cakes? Is that what it is?

It's a recipe show?

I can't give away my secrets.

Oh, here's the thing. I always leave out a key part of the cake making process so people can't steal my cakes.

Sure, so what are they learning then? Just about your life?

Like leave out, put it in the oven.

Why did you say that?

Oh, I'm sorry. But they don't know the other part.

I ruined.

They'll have to watch the show, put it together with this, and that's not going to happen.

You're telling them to do it.

Oh, but...

I'm just kidding.

You're putting me out of business, Angie Richter.

I fixed it. I was kidding.

I ruined. I'm going to the poor house.

So now, when we last left off, this is the second part of a two-part episode.

When we last left off, Cake Boss...

The last time we left off...

Sure. Cake Boss, you were in a trance.

A trance.

Which you're still in.

I'm still in it. I'm still in my trance.

And we were trying to communicate with the dead. We had just spoken to Chewbacca.

That's right.

And we had learned what he thought of Princess Leia.

Well, I guess we...

Explain why Chewbacca's dead, too.

Chewbacca died in... Okay, let's set this up just a little, and in the most brief way possible.

Cake Boss was bitten by a cake bug. He is able to see into the future.

That's right.

At a different point, he was bitten by a cake scarab.

Also true.

He is able to communicate with the dead.

That's right.

Including fictional people.

Fictional characters can be communicated with...

As long as they are dead.

As long as they are dead, meaning as long as they died in the work of fiction in which they reside.

Or if enough time has passed where it's reasonable to assume that they have passed away.

Sure. Huck Finn, probably dead.

Very dead.

Yes. Now, Chewbacca died...

The novel Tom Sawyer was set in the future.

Like, people don't realize it.

Oh, really?

Yes.

Tom Sawyer was, but not Huck Finn?

Tom Sawyer has yet to be born.

Now, that's another thing is, I guess all the Star Wars characters are dead, because it was set a long time ago.

A long time ago, but some achieved immortality.

Now we never saw it.

Like Doge Androids.

Oh, I guess they would be sentient beings that never really die.

And they're part of the Force, so they can show up whenever they want in ghosty form.

True, with the blue outline.

Right.

That's how the Force works.

Stand and nod.

Did you, we should also ask Chewbacca, by the way, but we're trying to communicate with Chewbacca right now to find out if...

Who died in the novelization.

Yes, in one of, which I believe are canon.

We're trying to communicate with Chewbacca to see if he ever slept with any famous celebrities.

Can I ask a question of my own?

Sure.

How did that guy ever get permission to kill off a major character in the Star Wars universe?

It made big news, and people were crying, and he dies a hero's death.

I should hope so. I should hope he didn't just get hit by a car.

Space car.

His cholesterol was sky high.

He just had a heart attack.

Much like Macho Man Randy Savage.

Oh, RIP.

Some people say he committed suicide.

Randy Savage or Chewbacca?

Some debts. Chewbacca.

All right, so we're trying to communicate with Chewbacca, but I guess we could communicate with anyone who's not one of the droids.

We should also ask Chewbacca about the droid cake that you made at one point, if you ever heard about that.

See if he's familiar.

So you're in your trance.

I'm in my trance.

And you're in the Wookie Heaven.

Here I am in fictional Wookie Heaven.

And you're trying to find Chewbacca.

And let's see if you can find him.

Oh, there he is.

Oh, good.

It's relatively easy. I was afraid we were going to have to go through...

Hey, he's famous, so it's not hard to pick out.

It's like, who in this room is Louis Cousin Jr.?

Well, it's him because he's famous.

And everyone else is white.

Yeah. Boy, oh boy.

Anyway, Chewbacca, you remember me from last week.

We talked, we've been sitting here for a week.

You remember, we talked, things got heated, we challenged each other to a duel.

It's still on, by the way. I will still meet you on the Field of Honor at dawn.

Your second is a Wookie that I've never heard of from the Star Wars Thanksgiving special or whatever.

I believe it was a Christmas special.

I think you'll find that it was a Thanksgiving special.

I'm in a trance.

Anyways, Chewbacca, these guys have some questions for you.

Why will be the conduit from this world to fictional Wookie Heaven?

What are your questions? Speak, mortals.

Andy, you had your question.

I just, hi Chewbacca, it's Andy Richter.

Wait, can we find out if that means anything to Chewbacca?

I'll ask him. Chewbacca, are you familiar with Andy Richter? Oh, you are.

They canceled it too soon. I agree. Andy Richter controls the universe.

Is he singing into the future of The Conan Show?

I would have pictured him more to be a Quintuplets fan.

Oh, he heard that. He's enchanted.

Oh, I was just kidding.

No, just because Wookiees have tradition.

He was kidding too.

Oh, Chewbacca. Oh, that was great.

I would high five you, but I cannot reach into a different realm.

True. I'll show he will probably cross you because he's eight feet tall.

Right, right, right. Well, anyway, Chewie, if I can call you Chewie.

He says he is allowing it.

All right. Thank you, Chewie. I'm wondering, since you did enjoy such fame and renown, have you ever had the opportunity to have sex with any celebrities?

Oh, he says that's rather an inappropriate question and he loves it.

He's a bit of a freak.

Chewbacca, will you answer this rather impersonal question with all candor and salaciousness?

All the deets, man. That's what we want is all the deets.

All the deets, Chewbacca. Oh, you don't say? Really? All right, I'll tell them.

He had a four way with Natalie Wood and Rowan and Martin from Laughing.

Oh, my goodness. Wow.

Also, the Ghost of Montgomery Cliff watched the whole thing.

Wow. Did they know that the Ghost of Montgomery... Or this was when he was alive.

They knew it. They contacted a medium to have a chaon so they could get the Ghost of Montgomery Cliff to be in the corner watching and maybe taking care of some business if you know what I mean. Right.

Making some cakes.

In a sexual situation, did Rowan and Martin still play their persona of the aloof straight man and the goofball?

They switched personas. They were the same personas, but they each took on the other persona of the other person. I think you get what I'm saying.

That must be fun for them.

That is hot.

They considered it... Oh, my God, here they are. Hello, Rowan and Martin from Laughing.

They're there too in fictional Wookie Heaven.

How did you guys get in fictional Wookie Heaven? Oh, I see. They saved a Wookie's life in a future Star Wars novelization.

So they were allowed into fictional Wookie Heaven.

Yes.

Because they would be roasting in hell otherwise.

Otherwise, they would surely be roasting in regular hell.

Wow.

Is that fair to other species to call it regular hell?

I think so. We're kind of in charge.

All right.

Yeah, yeah. And it's from our perspective too.

That's true.

We're the only people who know how to use tools. Although, I guess chimpanzees have used tools, so maybe they might take some umbrage at that.

Not store-bought tools, just sticks and stuff.

But they fashioned into tools.

Yeah, twigs to eat termites. That doesn't count.

They don't have money to go to an ace and buy a screwdriver.

Wait, how come birds have money and chimpanzees don't have money?

Birds are smarter than chimpanzees.

All right, all right. I don't think that's technically true.

Related to dinosaurs, the smartest creatures that ever walked the earth.

What's smarter than a walnut?

Two walnuts. I know that riddle.

You may pass.

So, did we answer your question?

Sure, that's pretty good. Any others?

Chewbacca, any other famous people that you've loved with?

What?

That seems crazy to me. All right, I'll tell them.

Okay, who do we got?

Dina Lohan?

Dina Lohan.

Is that a person?

Yeah.

She's kind of a wookie herself in a way.

Who, really?

You know Lindsay Lohan, Cake Boss?

Yeah, the actress.

That's her mother.

What, she has a mother?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Why is her life so horrible? Does her mother not care about her at all?

Well, maybe it's because Lindsay is part wookie.

Oh, I never considered that.

That's why she's not fitting in in this planet.

That's why she's so tall and hairy.

Right.

Can I ask a question of Chewbacca?

Yeah, Chewbacca has time for one more.

Two-part question.

Oh, you got it. You snuck it in there.

But he already said he would.

He did. He agreed to it.

He's smiling at you from fictional wookie heaven.

I'm smiling at him down from regular earth.

He can cheese.

Chewie, two-part question.

Did you ever have sex with Han Solo, even in college?

Second-part question.

What did you think of Buddy's cake of the droid cake that he made, that we talked about on a previous episode?

He says.

It's not two parts.

That's two separate questions.

Hey.

He's nodding and saying, that's true, Angie Richter.

But?

He'll take the second question first.

Okay, great.

He was charmed by the androids cake that I made.

I made where I need to achieve sentience and then had to be destroyed by eating.

Can I ask, based on that question, follow-up question, is there a sentient cake droid heaven that that cake resides in?

Of course, there is.

Can you peer into the future before he asks or answers my question about Han Solo?

Okay.

Can you communicate with the future or to a sentient cake droid heaven?

A sentient cake droid heaven.

Can you communicate with the cake that you murdered?

Okay.

Let's take a look.

Mini trench.

It's a very mini trench.

All right, here I am.

Here I am in sentient droid cake heaven.

Oh, there's only one guy here.

That's the only time it's ever happened.

This is awkward.

Are you mad at me?

He's just saying beeps and boops.

I don't know your language.

He's got to be happy to have a visitor.

How come Luke Skywalker can understand R2-D2 and you can't understand...

I'm not Luke Skywalker, okay?

Well, take the time to learn if you're going to murder something.

Where am I supposed to learn it?

I don't live in a world where we have robots that beep and boop for a language.

Well, look, in The Empire Strikes Back, R2-D2 beeps and boops, and he gets responses from Luke Skywalker.

I'm sure you could translate those based on Luke Skywalker's responses.

I can extrapolate from Luke Skywalker's responses.

It's the code is right there.

But I'm the Luke Skywalker in this situation.

Empire Strikes Back is the Rosetta Stone of your language, of the beeper language.

I don't understand what this ghost of a robot cake is saying to me.

Well, now you don't because you didn't take the time to learn, and now it's too late.

I hear the flaw in your logic.

This isn't a robot.

It's a robot cake.

Sure, so that language does not apply. He's got his own system of language.

Wait a minute, you're saying that this is a droid cake language?

He's the only one of his kind.

A sentient droid?

And I murdered him by eating him. He was delicious.

Oh, of course you made it.

Delicious cake.

Yeah.

I shouldn't have used so much cinnamon. He never would have come to life.

You've never made that mistake again.

Never again. I've banned cinnamon from the cake kitchen.

Anyway, sorry I murdered you, cake robot, goodbye.

What if somebody wants a snickerdoodle cake? What are you going to do?

I send them down the street.

Oh my gosh.

To Cake Comptroller.

All right, you're out of your mini trance, I can see.

Out of the mini trance.

Okay, all right, so you're back with Chewie.

The second part, the first question, not really the first part, first question, because we've established that Scott Ockermann met the rules a little bit, and asked two questions, but he said he had two more questions. What was it again?

Has he ever had sex with Han Solo?

I've had sex with Han Solo. Yes, I'm including college.

His answer is very curt. He says, not for lack of trying.

Chewbacca's, did you die of a broken heart because of your unrequited love for your best friend Han Solo? Oh, you did. Okay.

Sorry about that. Are things better in heaven? Oh, they're not.

Really?

That's too bad.

Because he'll be forever separated from Ghost Han Solo.

It refutes the whole idea of a heaven.

Yeah, it really does. What do we even believe in if heaven exists, but it's not better?

Let me ask him. What do we even believe in Chewbacca?

He just shrugs his big wookie shoulders, takes off his bandolier of space bullets.

Hmm.

And walks away into the distance of fictional wookie heaven.

And says, that is exactly what he said. Do you have the power of this cake, Scarab?

I just, I know my Chewie.

Wow.

I'm leaving my trench.

Okay, come back to us. Come back to us.

Cake Boss.

Cake Boss, thank you so much for doing that.

What happened?

That's right. I forgot. You don't remember anything that happened.

In your trances. That's pretty easy.

Just listen back to this two-part episode.

Oh, all right.

Okay. All right. Well, let's go to a break. When we come back...

What would you say if I ordered a snickerdoodle cake?

Oh, I'd probably tell you to go down the street to the cake comptroller.

Okay.

For reasons I cannot disclose, I no longer make cakes involving Shinobin.

Let's go to a break. When we come back, we'll have more Andy Richter, more Cake Boss.

Cake Boss.

We'll get to the real reason Cake Boss is here.

Cake Boss.

And this is Comedy Bang Bang. I'm Scott Abot. We'll see you on the other side of this.

The Cake Boss.

Oh, this is fun, Mr. Kerry. Fetch me another exotic charute.

Support. Bring a port to Sherrod. And a medium dry Sherrod to port.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are here with Andy Richter, here with Cake Boss as well. Say hi, Cake Boss.

Andy, let's talk to you for a second. What have you been up to since last week?

Since last week? Well, I had some varicose vein surgery.

Did you schedule that on the Memorial Day holiday?

Yes, I did, actually. It was very expensive to do it.

Sure, but you know, when you have a day off, you want to make sure...

Right. I want to make the most of it. I want to squeeze something in.

And it actually was a regrettable mistake. Not only was it expensive, it turns out that this was... The reason it was expensive is because doctors don't do work on holidays like that, what they quote unquote elective surgery. So the guy that did it was actually not a surgeon at all.

Oh, he was like a surgeon. I've heard about that.

No, not really. He owns a cell phone store.

Oh.

Yeah.

So what, he has a little experience putting together cell phone parts, and he thought that he could kind of figure out the human body?

No, he just was an Armenian guy. I guess he'd done a lot of butchering of goats.

Oh, gosh. So how's it look?

It looks great.

Yeah?

It looks great.

Taking care of?

Yeah, absolutely.

Oh, let me see a little bit of that.

All right, here we go.

All right. Well, yeah, it looks good. Well, and you're on the Conan show four nights a week.

I certainly am.

Why not the fifth show? Just no one technically watches on Fridays?

Uh, no, that was from the very beginning. The idea was because, as TBS was known in its original charter in 1862, the Poor Man's HBO. And on Friday, they have a movie that, as they say, does very well for them.

Oh, great.

So there's movies on Fridays, which is fine with me because I enjoy working four days a week.

Yeah, no, I would have asked.

Oh, it's the sweetest thing in the world.

Maybe you'll get that down, like knock it down to three eventually.

Well, I kind of doubt that. I don't think that, you know, it doesn't usually work that way.

Eventually, you'll have made so many shows you could just air repeats every night but one.

They don't really, you would think. I certainly have always been under that feeling. I feel like once you get 30 of them, can't you just, you know, isn't that enough?

Yeah, you know, you've made your shows.

Strengthen the gene pool enough to start eating your own feces. But no.

Realize that was how it worked. So you can catch him every week and of course, catch Cake Boss on his show, The Cake Boss. Is it The Cake Boss or just Cake Boss?

Just Cake Boss.

And that is on...

But I am The Cake Boss.

Yes, of course. That is on the Learning Channel.

Has that ever been in dispute? Has anyone ever challenged you to be the...

Oh, many have challenged my title, Angie Richter.

Really?

But where are they now, I ask you?

Was there any...

Can I ask you that? Where are they now?

Oh, they're gone.

Oh, okay.

Are they dead gone?

Out of business. I hope so.

Oh, wow.

You wish death upon your enemies.

I do.

Was there anybody ever that gave you sort of pause that sort of scared you?

A little agita?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

This one guy, the kid out of Oklahoma City, this guy, he had a real gift for making cakes.

And he tried to take the title of Boss of Cakes from me but he was vanquished in the end by my superior cake making skills.

Was there one particular cake?

I made a cake that was the last shepherd meeting Edvard Munch the Scream.

And the way I had the cake was, it's what we call a practical cake, that it can do stuff, and so it would be the last shepherd. And Jesus is talking to the 12 apostles saying, look, guys, whatever you do, don't betray me, okay?

And then all of a sudden, the Jewish figurine on the cake says, I'm going to betray you. And then the Edvard Munch painting pops up and goes, oh, no, my dog.

Really, it's Italian?

Yeah, and then everybody shakes heads. It was a delicious cake.

So these are figurines, like little audio animatronic figurines?

They're made out of fondant.

Oh, I see.

And sculpting chocolate.

What can't you do with fondant?

Heal a broken heart.

Oh.

What happened?

People get sad. What do you mean?

Oh, okay.

No, I'm fine.

Oh, I see.

Oh, there's other people.

Oh, other people's broken hearts.

You know, I should have tried some fondant on my varicose veins.

Oh, why would you talk to me sooner?

Ah, next time.

I want to give you a fondant, Sav. A fondant plaster.

I feel some forming, so I'll get to you next week.

You feel some fondant forming?

No, no, no, some varicose veins.

Can you make your own fondants?

Some varicose veins.

Do you think you could make Andy a leg made out of cake, like a fake leg, in case something happens to his leg?

A practical leg cake?

Yeah, a practical leg cake.

That you can walk on?

And sentient. Could you put a little cinnamon in there?

And make Andy have a leg that's alive?

I promised myself I would never do it again.

And how would you know that, anyway?

That was a droid cake.

But also, to have a leg that's independent of your own body, I don't think is such a hot idea.

Why not? I think it would be fun, you know?

You never know where you're going to wind up in the day.

Yeah, I think that's the part about it that I don't like.

If we saw all of me, it made a million dollars.

Yeah, that guy wasn't happy, though, in that movie.

I don't remember it all that well.

Most of the movie was...

I don't know what you're talking about.

Most of it was the Steve Martin, Lilly, Tomlin vehicle.

I don't know. I don't think I ever saw it.

Yeah, it's a little scene.

I think I walked out before the part where he was unhappy about it.

You probably did.

I may have walked out 20 minutes into the movie.

You're a very shrewd young movie customer.

This guy over here...

If something is not to my liking, I immediately walk out.

You're like 12 years old or something?

Like, this movie, it's got a lot of problems.

This will in no way assist my podcast in the future.

Yeah, that was what I was all about.

All right, so we were getting to the reason why you came to the show, buddy.

You had a big announcement that you wanted to talk about, and something happened to you recently, you told me?

Well, yes. My announcement is everybody be careful the next time there's a full moon.

Great advice. Great advice. All right, so thank you so much.

No, listen, that's...

That's...

There's more.

I got bit by a cake wolf.

Oh, my goodness.

When did this happen?

This happened the last full moon.

Oh, God.

This cake wolf got loose in the cake kitchen.

I thought it was a raccoon at first.

Sure, yeah.

Because they're little, they're not big.

Oh, cake wolves are tiny.

They're little, not tiny.

They're somewhere between little and tiny.

Okay, so some little Gary-sized maybe?

Oh, perhaps, yeah.

Okay.

About the size of a bowlful.

Maybe little Gary is a cake wolf. We've never talked about that.

I wouldn't ask him.

Oh, boy. Because what happens if you ask a cake wolf if it's a cake wolf?

Oh, you won't like the answer.

Is it like if you're a cop, you have to answer?

Here's the last thing you hear. Here, I'll show you.

Yeah.

Oh, my gosh.

And then the fondant fangs sink in.

Is that what happened to you?

Yeah.

You asked...

I absentmindedly asked. I saw this what I thought was a raccoon in the cake kitchen, and I was like, oh, look at you. Look at you. Are you a cake wolf?

And then...

Wait, why did you... Why did that come to you? You thought it was a raccoon.

Well, because I was thinking of all the possibilities.

I'm absentmindedly talking out loud.

Why wouldn't you ask, are you a raccoon, first?

Maybe you were making a joke.

Thank you, Angie. Maybe I was making a joke.

Okay, maybe you were.

I got out of town to have some fun in the cake kitchen.

I worked so hard making cakes all day.

You make a lot of them.

I make a lot of my cakes.

Not according to your Wikipedia page, but...

Oh, Wikipedia won't get you yet.

So, okay. So you ask it, are you a cake wolf?

Yeah. And then he turns around and he looks at me, and he bears his cake fangs, and he says, here, I'll show you. Then he bites me. He sinks his fondant fangs into my arm.

Angie, it's correct. That's what they're made of.

And I feel the hot cake fondant coursing through my veins.

He's turning me into one of him.

And then...

Then I knew no more.

I woke up the next day.

You went into a cake trance?

I don't know what happened. I lost time.

I woke up the next day on the floor of the cake kitchen, my clothes in rags and tatters, dirt under my fingernails, covered in frosting.

Frosting in my eyebrows.

I was like the lingering taste of blood on my lips.

Oh, cake blood or just normal blood?

Both kinds of blood.

So here's what I'm doing. I'm chaining myself up every full moon.

My wife does it. She's not happy about it, but she complains it breaks my cakes.

But if I get out, because I get pretty strong as a cake wolf, beware of anything that looks like it might be a raccoon and can understand human speech.

So you're a normal-sized human being.

Absolutely.

When you turn into a cake wolf, you shrink?

Turn into a little guy, a little cake wolf.

What happens to your body mass? Where does that go?

For every action, there's an equal or opposite reaction.

I think I just get really dense.

Oh, I see, I see.

Yeah.

So you're just very compact.

Absolutely.

All of your organs have switched together.

You couldn't lift me.

Nor would I try to.

I should hold my own.

It really is. People go around lifting each other.

When I see it, I always want to lecture people like, hey, didn't your mother raise you right?

Yeah, what, did your mother raise you in a barn?

Put that person down, stop lifting people.

I hate that.

Andy, have you ever been lifting...

Do your clothes just fall off?

No, they're in tatters. He's talked about this, Andy, Rick.

But if he shrinks so tiny, you would think that he would just shrink right out of his clothes.

That's what I would think too, but I think I kind of tear him up a little bit once I turn into a cake wolf.

Oh, that'd be out of modesty too.

Oh, maybe so.

You got to leave something on.

You know what I didn't realize?

I haven't been looking at the time, but it's almost evening here when we're taping.

Oh, that's true. It's a lovely evening.

Yeah, it's a nice, cool summer evening.

It's really nice here, but I guess I didn't realize that...

I just looked out the window and the moon is rising.

Oh, look at that.

I think that it's a full moon tonight.

It's happening.

Oh my God.

You guys, you got to get out of here.

Wait, I'll chain him up.

I'll chain him up.

Yeah, do you have extra chains?

I just have zip ties, don't ask why.

Okay, sure.

Okay, I'll put them together.

I'm going to zip tie him to the chair.

Cake Wolf!

Oh no, he's shrunk and now he's tearing through his clothes.

Stop that. Those are new clothes.

Oh, that was a nice shirt.

Why would his wife let him out of the house today?

I don't know.

Probably just out of spite.

Cake Wolf, can you hear us?

I'm not going to ask you if you are a Cake Wolf.

All right, Cake Wolf, we have questions for you.

What are your plans here on Earth for this night?

I don't think I can understand it.

Can you understand Cake Wolf?

I can't understand him either.

Oh, wait, wait, wait.

I took a class in Cake Wolf in college.

Try that one more time.

Cake Wolf, you say that you have a lot of business to get to tonight.

Is murdering any part of your...

No, you don't plan on murdering people.

But if you happen to see any delicious cakes, sentient or otherwise, then you may eat them and whatever happens, happens.

What about any competing cake bakers?

Oh, is that what...

Heaven forbid.

No, no.

Now, do you have any issues with either and your eye?

We've witnessed your transformation.

You don't really like that, but you're going to let it go this time unless we make a big deal out of it.

Okay, okay, okay.

So Cake Wolf, the last time that this happened, a cake boss, who you normally are...

Cake Wolf.

Buddy, yeah, sorry.

I can't understand.

He mentioned that he woke up with cake blood and normal blood in his teeth.

I can't understand.

What happened?

He has no recollection of this.

I can't understand.

What happened was...

Cake Wolf.

What happened was...

I'm the Cake Wolf.

Okay, continue.

I can't understand.

I'm still the Cake Wolf.

The Cake Wolf.

Yes, okay, we got that.

We got that part, Cake Wolf.

Please, just continue on with the story.

We know who you are.

I was walking down the street.

I saw a Jimmy Durante film festival happening.

I said, hey, I'm a big fan.

I'm going to go in.

I'm going to see...

Excuse me.

I have a little indigestion.

So what happened?

You got out of this Jimmy Durante film festival and then you spied a cake shop, and it was not Buddy's cake shop, and you flew into a cake rage.

Oh no, we all know what happens when a Cake Wolf flies into a cake rage.

The cake fury was unleashed.

You broke through, attacked the cake monger, and you bit into his delicious cake neck.

Oh, you were agreeing with me.

Yes, I bit into the...

So now I need you to continue.

We're all on the edge of our cake seats.

We don't know what happened.

Oh, that is gruesome.

That is gruesome, Andy.

The details he's telling me about are not fit for human ears.

This would be an R rated movie if I told you, but I will tell you.

He basically bit into the neck of the cake monger, and cake blood spewed forth because of all the cake mixing that he had been done earlier in the day.

He got it all into his juicy, delicious sanguine mouth, and he murdered that cake monger, and that has been an unsolved mystery, an LA mystery that no one knew what happened to that cake monger, and he's confessing to the crime right now, and he doesn't care about what happens.

He's saying he's only a cake...

What? A cake rooster.

It must be dawn.

Oh, I've transformed back into myself.

I was going to take an opportunity to shoot you with a silver cake bullet.

Oh, I wish you had, like a long time ago.

A lot of people don't realize we taped this show at half speed, and we speeded up afterwards, and so that took about eight hours for us to...

I'm sure it felt like that to people.

That is a fascinating story. Now, I don't know if you realize you're guilty of murder.

No, I know.

You said, wait, you said you didn't realize what had happened.

Do you have the memory of the cake wolf?

Well, I kind of figured it out of me.

You know, two plus two equals four, you know what I'm saying?

You heard about the murder of the cake monger.

Yeah, yeah. I bet that was me.

In cases like this, all you have to do is say, there's not a court in the land that would convict him, and then people just...

They stop asking questions.

Oh, that's true.

That's true. I mean, that would be a crazy trial, right?

Right, right, right.

They can't find a jury of cake wolf peers.

Right. No. And it has to be your peers.

Yeah. Why? Because there aren't enough out there or they just can't catch them?

They just can't catch them.

That's why...

They don't vote.

That's why I commit crimes without impunity, or with impunity, I guess, because there's no talk show sidekicks, really, anymore.

That's true.

That's why they couldn't convict O.J. Simpson, because there aren't murderers out there.

O.J. Simpson, you don't know who that is?

Are you talking about Orenthal James Simpson?

Yeah, more commonly known as O.J. to a lot of people.

Oh, I get that now, yeah.

Yeah, he had a famous nickname.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, that is a fascinating story.

It's interesting because the other...

Well, the other things that have bit you have given you powers.

Yeah, that I have control over.

Yeah, this one just kind of transformed you into...

Gave you a curse.

It is like a curse.

Oh, it's terrible.

It's not great.

I'm sorry, cake monger, that I murdered.

I'll talk to you in heaven.

Maybe you should...

What are the other things?

Make a wolfbane cake and just bake a wolfbane cake the night before.

It's got to be Cake Wolf's Bane, which is very rare.

Oh, that's so hard to come by.

Oh, yeah.

Only specialty shops sell that.

Yeah, like the...

Yeah.

I feel like you're making fun of me.

Oh, am I making fun of you?

Oh.

Wait a minute, you're making fun of me.

Wait a minute, you're not making...

You're making fun of me.

Oh, am I making fun of you?

Oh, really?

You're making fun of me.

You're making fun of me now.

All right, let's take a break.

Good idea.

Guys, let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll play a little game, and we'll have more with Andy Richter, more with the Cake Boss.

We'll be right back.

Comedy Bang Bang.

Cake Boss.

Just because we've been playing tussle hockey doesn't mean you get to score the goal that's in my jockey.

Just because I'm in a Truman Novelty band doesn't mean it's all about food and tan.

I can't go around loving everyone.

I just wouldn't get anything done.

You could take me out to dinner, that might be quite nice.

You could buy me a burrito and some beans and rice, but that won't get you into Pan's Paradise.

They call it a fire because it takes you up to heaven.

Oh, whoa.

A kiss is not a contract, but it's very nice.

It's very, very nice.

I'm only one man, baby, pretty baby.

We're only two men, ladies, the babies, the pretty babies.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are here with Andy Richter, here with the Cake Boss.

We're closing up the second part of our two-part episode.

It's been thrilling.

You have to agree with that.

I got thrilled.

Chilling, too.

Yeah.

I got chilled.

A couple of spills.

Oh, spills.

I spilled something.

That's probably why I fell down.

I slipped in it.

Thanks a lot.

Clean up your own mess.

You're really mad at me, Scott.

Yeah, I am.

Well, it's dangerous.

I apologize.

All right, it's time to play a little game that I believe some of you have played.

It's a time to play a game called Would You Rather?

I've played it.

I've played that.

And you know the lyrics to this, Cake Boss, don't you?

Uh, I think so.

I know part of them.

Here comes the part I know.

Cake Boss, Cake Boss, Cake Boss, Cake Boss.

Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Klaus Skinski, Klaus Skinski.

Whoa, new lyrics.

I like it.

I've never heard these before.

It's a re-witch.

Oh, all right, it's time to play Would You Rather?

We all know how this is played.

People, listeners of the show, write into the Comedy Bang Bang Would You Rather Twitter account, that is CBBWYR, at CBBWYR.

I didn't follow any of that.

Okay, I can go over it again on a future show.

And they give us Would You Rather scenarios, and then I will ask the questions.

I'll open up the floor.

And they can do that anytime they want, right?

Anytime they want, anytime they goddamn please.

They can just wake up in the middle of the night and go, oh, I have something that I forgot to do during the day.

Oh, divine inspiration.

I'm going to send in a dumb question to this podcast.

Right, unless somehow their hands have been bound, then they're probably dead.

That's true, unless they are a cake wolf and it's a full moon and their wives have bound them.

True, right.

Or if they're like some feudal Asian lady or something, then they bind their hands.

Right.

And their feet, yeah.

Or a Yanamami.

Yanamami.

Good points all.

All right.

Is that a restaurant?

Here we go.

So our first question comes to us from at Denquix, and the real name is Unicode Snowman.

Both of those are not- Boy, that's irritating.

Yeah, it really is.

That person, man or woman.

Maybe, maybe it's the sentient androids.

It could be.

Oh, fashion kind, not a cake one.

Oh, okay, good.

I was going to say it might have company in heaven.

He's laying in disguise like, what is love?

Would you rather be a peeping Tom pervert who accidentally witnesses a suicide or have stink lines coming off of you at all times?

I'm now opening the floor for questions.

I got a question.

Cake Boss, the floor recognizes.

In the peeping Tom scenario.

The peeping Tom, yes.

I noticed he makes a distinction, the peeping Tom pervert.

Yes.

And yet the thing which he witnesses is not really perverted.

But here's the thing.

If a peeping Tom is by nature a pervert, is a peeping Tom pervert somebody who's peeping in a helpful way?

So a perverted peeping Tom.

Yeah.

So taking the normal peeping Tom impulseses.

Yeah.

Am I saying that correctly?

Impulseses.

And perverting them in such a manner in order to make them helpful.

Is this peeping Tom peeping on things he should be peeping at?

And he's just looking at stuff.

Great question.

No, it's a normal peeping Tom.

Okay, then I have a question.

You have stink lines.

Does that mean you actually stink?

Great question.

No, you do not.

But people assume you do.

It's a lot like Pig Pen who has just...

Those flies, by the way, around Pig Pen are just drawn on.

Those aren't real flies.

I never thought of them as flies.

I thought they were just dust motes.

No, yeah, it's dust motes and flies.

And those are...

Boy, he was dirty.

Those are not real though.

It's the illusion of reality because they're drawn around him.

Pig Pen is actually very clean.

A lot of people don't know that.

So this is what?

Charles Schultz has a vendetta against this character he created?

Exactly.

So he's just a pariah.

He's trying to slander this character.

Yeah, exactly.

So you're a lot like this where you have stink lines and you have little drawn flies all around you.

Right.

But if people actually smelled you, they would say, oh, Andy smells like a very wonderful...

I got a question.

Yes, okay.

When people get close, does anybody get close enough to you to realize that the stink lines do not indicate a stink, but they are just some sort of weird thing that's happening to you?

Great question.

Yes, two times in your life, people will get close to you.

You never know when those are going to be.

A fortune teller tells you that early on in your life and says two times, someone will get close to you.

Take advantage of those times.

Follow up.

Yes.

Do these people, when they get close enough to you, they realize that you don't stink?

Is that correct?

One of them has anosmia and does not...

No smells.

And that's why they get so close to you because they're fascinated by the stink lines and they go, hey, maybe this is the perfect match for me.

Maybe this is like Ben Grimm, the thing, meeting a blind woman.

We're the perfect couple for each other.

I can't smell.

You smell.

Let's get close.

And then once they get...

But hold on a second.

Am I going too quickly?

No, go ahead, go ahead.

Once they get close to you, they realize, oh, this person doesn't stink because...

The person with the anosmia realizes that?

And I'll tell you how, because they ask, say, hey, now that I'm close to you, do you stink?

And the person says, no, I don't stink.

Those are just drawn on lines.

How do they know that I'm not lying?

Great question.

They hook you up to a truth detector.

Or a lie detector.

We should have built a truth detector in the first place.

That's one of the things you get when...

You can't prove a negative.

When you go to get your insurance for anosmia, you get a truth detector.

You need insurance?

Yeah, yeah.

How much is anosmia insurance these days?

It's a government program still.

Oh, Obamacam.

Until the Republicans get to it.

Yeah, let's fix Obamacam.

Seriously.

Now, I have a question.

Say you have the stink lines, but you find a tribe that has never seen a Nancy comic or a family circus, so they're not familiar with the concept of a stink line.

A tribe, did you say?

Yeah, yeah.

You know, just...

So, an ancient people's.

Yeah, yeah.

You know, like an Iron Age tribe.

What would they think...

Like steampunk people?

No, no, no.

I mean...

Did you say steampunk?

No, I did.

Oh, okay.

I thought you said theme punk.

I wish I'd said that.

But I think steampunk people probably have seen a family circus and become steampunk in reaction to family circus.

Yeah, I would imagine that is the secret origin of every steampunk person.

You're like, because...

Probably as a rebellion against family circus.

Exactly.

Or yeah, they never want to have dotted lines go from their eyes to a pie.

So they decide to cut up old watches and make tie clips out of them.

So you're saying if they've never seen the stink lines in any medium...

Right.

...then how do they know...

How would that indicate stink to them?

That is a great question.

Is it just something innate in all of us that stink recognizes stink?

You're basically asking what came first, the first person to ever draw stink lines or the universal language, visual language of stink lines existing before then, and just a person drew what we all recognize to be smells.

Right, that's it.

Everyone knew that.

You just voice what everyone heard.

I have a question!

Wow, that was sharp.

It's very sharp.

I apologize to the listener.

I'm in it to win it.

You're much like the contestants on American Idol.

That's right, all the contestants on American Idol, they are all in it to win it.

Except the one girl who went through the finals.

She was never really in it to win it that much, but there she is.

Anyway, the Peeping Tom perversion suicide scenario.

The person who commits suicide.

Yeah, we haven't asked anything about that.

Is it someone that the human race is better off without, so it's not so bad to see the suicide?

Yes, it is.

It's President Barack Obama.

He basically is so upset over the guilt of having orchestrated the murder of another man that he commits suicide.

You heard my question, right?

Wait a minute, what was your question?

Someone that...

Someone the human race is better off without, so it's not sad to see the suicide?

I may have mixed up those people.

Yeah, you may have.

Yeah, no, this is Adolf Hitler Jr.

This is the child that Adolf Hitler had when he moved to Argentina back in the 50s.

Let me ask you this question about Adolf Hitler Jr., A.H.J.

The second.

Is he handsome?

You know, he really is, you know, like...

He's handsome enough to peep on.

You know, he made some different follicle choices.

At some point.

He made some different follicle choices than Hitler did.

Hitler had that big sweeping kind of...

Almost like a new wave haircut.

Like a Hitler haircut.

Yeah, yeah.

It was a lot like a Hitler haircut.

And then he had that mustache.

I don't know how to describe it really, other than a Hitler mustache.

Right.

And no, Hitler Jr. or Junior, as he likes to be called.

Sure.

I don't blame him, by the way.

Sure.

I think he went to a barber and said, give me the Hitler.

And the barber just was scared and just was like, okay, this...

Wait, Hitler or Hitler Jr.?

Hitler, Hitler, the first Hitler.

Give me the Hitler.

Hitler the first.

Hey, do you think that Hitler was clever enough that he said, I'm going to invent this haircut, but I'm going to leave it up to the barber.

Right.

I'm going to say, give me the Hitler.

Right.

The guy had to act like he knew what that was.

Exactly, that's what I'm saying.

And then secretly Hitler was like, whatever he does, I'm fine.

The middle, you know, did the exact sort of mirror opposite of the Hitler.

It's a lot like Nicky Sixx from Motley Crue.

Right, yeah.

Who's got that sort of catfish kind of thing going on.

Catfish hunter?

He really looks like a catfish, that guy.

You know, Hitler really...

No offense to him.

Hitler was really one of the only people who kind of did what Rachel did from Friends and just like named a haircut after him.

Hold on a second.

I realized I've spoken out of tune.

I meant Mick Mars from Motley.

I was going to say, yeah, Nicky Sixx.

I don't know...

I apologize to Nicky Sixx and my thoughts and prayers are with the Sixx family.

Right, right.

And to his entire band, Sixx and...

Yeah, yeah.

I do not apologize to your entire band.

Okay, sounds good.

Say it on their own.

Yeah.

And Mick Mars, you don't need to apologize to him because he's probably on some sort of respirator now.

I mean, he's 87 years old.

He's quite a bit older than the rest of Motley Crue.

I think his ears healed over.

Yeah.

To answer your question, he has a kind of a...

Junior has a Cary Grant mustache going on, so he's kind of a Tony Stark...

Cary Grant mustache?

Cary Grant.

Yeah, that's the right person, right?

He never had a mustache.

Yeah, he did.

No, he never did.

Who am I talking about?

No, no, you're thinking of...

David Niven?

No, you're thinking of...

Errol Flynn?

Clark Gable.

It's so easy to get those two mixed up, right?

Clark Gable.

Let's harmonize on Clark Gable's name.

Here we go.

Clark Gable.

That did not work at all.

Not at all.

He went Oprah with it.

Which one killed a guy in the Drunk Driving Act?

Oh, Clark Gable.

Okay, yeah, he's got Clark Gable going on.

He got drunk and he hit a guy with his car.

The end.

I thought that was Howard Hughes.

I think he did too.

He did it too, yeah, yeah.

All those rich guys just...

Boy, I bet that happened a lot back then.

Yeah, you know, people keep walking.

That's probably why nobody went to jail for it.

People keep walking all the time.

Cars didn't even go all that quickly back then.

Or fast.

They were big.

Do cars ever go quickly?

At my car dealership, they do.

How quickly does this car go?

That's boastful.

Well...

Have I answered your questions about the Hitler...

One last question.

Is the cause of the suicide the realization that the victim is being peeped upon?

Great question, yes.

Oh, okay.

You are the person that causes his suicide.

He's so shameful of his actions that his only recourse is to commit suicide.

Okay.

And you live with that for the rest of your days.

How do I feel about it though?

Do I feel good about it?

Great.

Yeah.

Cakeposs.

That's what you were hoping for.

Cakeposs.

Will I be masturbating at the time?

In both scenarios, yes.

In both scenarios?

The stink lines?

Yes, of course.

Wow.

That's another reason why only two people are coming up to you.

You're constantly masturbating with the stink lines?

Did I not say that?

That's a question you got.

That's why we play the game.

True.

And does the peeping climax coincide with the suicide?

Both of you climax at the same time.

You kind of coordinated.

He sees you peeping on him and he's like, oh, I'm so ashamed, but I still...

He climaxes and dies?

Yeah, I still want to come at the same time.

Shoots himself in the head, which causes an explosion of semen onto your face.

Is at the same time in the reality where I have the stink lines, am I masturbating and coming at the same time as those guys?

Exactly.

Oh, they're blowing my mind.

You don't know why, but in another universe...

I shouldn't have got high before I came in here.

You were in a trance when we started.

I know.

I got high in the trance.

All right.

What?

I took some wookie peyote.

Bring some back next time.

I shouldn't hide it.

I should divide it.

All right, we're closing the floor for questions.

We're just about out of time.

Oh, I wish there was a sound effect.

I have closed the floor.

How do you like to vote?

I'm going to go to Andy Richter first.

I would vote for the stink lines just because on the, you know, like once or twice a year that I ride on a New York City subway, I would get half of the car to myself.

Great.

Yeah.

Perfect.

All right, Cake Boss, how do you like to vote?

Just out of sheer contrariness, I'm going to vote for the Peeping Tom scenario because there's so much going on in there.

I kind of like the action.

There really is.

It's that ancient Chinese curse always, may you lead an interesting life.

Oh, I thought it was Calgon.

Calgon.

Take me away.

Ancient Chinese curse.

You're also never the loss for an icebreaker at a party.

That's true.

That's what I did.

Yes, it's me, the Peeping Tom who caused the suicide of Hitler Jr.

Let's tally up the points.

And wow, your impulse to be a contrarian paid off because that was the correct answer.

And Cake Boss, you are the winner.

Cake Boss.

Congratulations.

And that is, of course, how you play Would You Rather.

Could you say, just for me, could you say Cake Bossulations?

Cake Bossulations.

Thank you.

All right, let's sing it again.

Here we go.

Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, Jeremy Piven, a Piven, a Piven, a Piven, a Piven, a Piven, a Piven, a Piven, a Piven, a Piveny, a Piveny, a Piveny, a Piven, a Piveny, a Piveny, a Piven, a Piveny, a Piven, a Piven, a Piven, a Piven, a Piveny, a Piveny.

Roadker Hours.

This one.

All right, that is, of course, how we play Would You Rather.

And, I'm proud of all of us.

We did it!

We played a successful round.

We did.

Thanks very much for playing.

We only have one thing left.

We taught America to laugh again.

You're welcome, assholes.

We only have one thing left, and that is, of course, the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs.

Five.

Four.

Three.

Nose.

One.

FYI, this is a long one.

Four.

What you don't say?

I was pointing at Andy Richter's penis.

Callback to last week.

Finally, I've been thinking about the whole program.

That's what you sound like.

I hate myself.

Yeah, you should.

But I hate all of you, too.

That's true.

Everyone loves the most.

We can't wait to get to it.

Much like you, gentlemen, it is, of course, time for Plugs.

How many more minutes?

Ball.

Ball pocket for me.

Five.

And scene.

Perfect.

Thank you so much.

That is by Danny Schill.

That was a lot of work.

That's great.

It really was.

It sounded haunting.

It was like Angelo Badalamenti.

They got five, four, three, nose, one in there.

Classic.

Which I believe we came up with on one of your last appearances, didn't we?

No, I wasn't there.

Who was there?

I believe that was Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Oh, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Oh, yeah.

I should have known.

And Zach Galifianegaro.

Classic episode.

That was downloaded.

Probably because of Andrew Lloyd Webber, right?

Probably.

All right, Andy, bearing in mind, this comes out on May 31st.

What do you have to plug?

I'm going to be murdering the person that wrote the program Garage Band just because of the time that was just lost.

And Cake Wolf, how do you like to spend your time?

Back to my shelf, please.

Oh, so sorry.

It's bad enough I got to be a Cake Wolf one day out of the month.

It's bad enough you've been naked for the last half hour of the show.

I know.

I'm freezing cold.

What do you like to plug?

Are you going to see- Here's what I like to plug.

My friend Paul F. Tompkins.

Oh, you know what?

There's actually a plug for me, too.

The Pod F. Tompcast is going to do a live performance and recording at Logo at the Coronet at West Hollywood on June 18th, and I'm going to be there.

You're going to see me live and in Persian.

I didn't realize you were such good friends with Paul F. Tompkins.

We're really good friends.

Really?

How many times a week do you hang out?

Probably four.

Wow.

Out of seven days, that's not bad.

That's not as much.

That's the majority.

It sounds like you're best friends.

I think we are, but I don't think he thinks we are.

Oh, yeah.

It's all good sometimes.

I've been in those relationships.

Someone needs to figure out if that's going to be a full moon.

Oh, that's true.

That's a good point.

I better look at my lunar calendar.

Oh, boy.

That is a giant lunar calendar, by the way.

My eyesight's not so good.

Yeah, okay.

It must be hard to carry that around.

I got an easy read.

Lunar calendar.

When you buy one of those billboard trucks, you got to put something on the side.

That's right.

I feel like I'm doing a service for everybody.

Exactly.

Is that the end of your plugs?

That's the only thing you're plugging?

Go to paulftompkins.com and you can get tickets to see it.

All right.

Game off.

I want to plug.

This is the first day that our new earwolf.com is up.

So check out the new- So?

Well, I mean, we put a lot of work into it and it's pretty cool, you mother- What does that do?

There's a lot of great stuff up there.

How much?

About 10%.

Oh, that's not bad.

No, we have a couple of new shows.

And speaking of Paul F. Tompkins, he'll be happy to know that the Apple Sisters show is one of our new shows.

And let me tell you a little bit about this, a comedian named Paul F. Tompkins wrote to me one day and said, hey, you got to see this show, the Apple Sisters.

It's over at Largo.

I love it.

I went to go see the show and I said, this is perfect for a show here on Earwolf.

And so we've recorded it.

The first episode is up today.

That comedian we talked about, Paul F. Tompkins, is a guest on it.

You can download it right now.

So we're almost done.

Stop the tape here.

Go download the Apple Sisters show.

Also, my ex-stepfather, Bob Dukka, has a show.

He'll be doing a daily show.

Every day?

Every day.

He's doing a little...

He's hosting the daily show.

No, you may have gotten confused on what I meant by that.

This is exciting.

He has a Monday through Friday.

Every day he will do little positive affirmations.

So subscribe to that show and you'll get...

How is that different than what Jon Stewart does now?

Exactly.

And now there it is, your daily affirmation.

Yeah.

So check those out, Earwolf.com.

It's all new.

You'll see a lot of new features up there and message boards and stuff like that.

So check those out.

And sorry to drop a day later, but on a Tuesday here, but...

Get you a refund from the bursar's office.

Don't apologize to these animals.

That's true.

It's a good point.

Guys, that's been it.

Thank you so much for this exciting...

That's been it.

Thanks for coming two weeks in a row.

I really appreciate it.

Andy, you're a good friend.

Thank you.

As are you.

Thanks for spending this hot summer's evening with us.

Oh, you're welcome.

On a train bound for Lowell.

Oh, it was a journey.

I met up with a cake wolf.

On a hot summer's night, would you offer your neck to the wolf?

Eh, why not?

Okay.

Cake Boss, thank you so much for coming by.

Cake Boss.

And I'm Scott Abott.

We'll see you next week.

This has been Comedy Bang Bang.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media Production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolfradio.com.

The wolf dead.
