---
layout: page
title: 107. John Mulaney,Nick Kroll [5483⧸20990].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Coming up on the show today, we have one of America's finest comics, and he's also a writer for the TV program Saturday Night Live, John Mulaney is here. He's a first-time guest.

Please make him feel welcome. We will also have a few of his collaborators, I believe, will drop by. That is all coming up on today's...

Thank you, Reggie Watts, hung out with him all weekend.

And speaking of which, big thank you to the people at the Sasquatch Festival up there in gorgeous, gorge, George, Washington. I'm not sure if it's gorge or George, or it may be the gorge at George. But we were at that festival this weekend. We did something called the Paul F. Tompkins and Scott Aukerman show, and a lot of fun, beautiful festival. We want to thank them. Our performance did okay. It happened on the last day of the festival in the one shaded tent area. And what we found was that on the last day of the festival, people's drugs are wearing off, and they're starting to feel their sunburns. And they go into the only shaded area in order to get away from things. And then it puts them in a sour mood, so they start to yell at people. So we had a performance chock full of people voicing their opinions about our qualifications. But it was a lot of fun. And they were great people to have us out there, and great fun to hang out with Reggie. And I want to tell you we are hard at work at the Comedy Bang Bang TV pilot, taping in a few weeks. In a couple of weeks from now, we are taping it. So we're hard at work at that. But that does not mean I can shirk my duties as host of this show. And we have a great one here for you today.

All right, why don't we get to our guest here? Our first guest, our most important guest. He's the lead off guest. That's why we put him first. And he has never been on the show before. I am pleased as punch to present to you John Mulaney.

Hey!

Comedian extraordinaire.

Extraordinaire French.

That's right.

Which is French for extraordinary.

They really know how to put a twist on certain words.

They will, they'll put, I call it the French twist. And they'll do it on goddamn anything they want all the time.

Let's talk about John Mulaney and exactly who he is. First of all, you're one of America's finest comedians.

Oh, that's nice of you to say. Thank you very much.

I've always enjoyed your work.

Thanks, Scott.

As long as I've been aware of it.

Thank you. I've always enjoyed you doing your show. I have. It's great.

Thank you very much. And not only that, but you are now a writer. I guess you've always written for your act, but is Saturday Night Live the first television show you've written for?

No, I worked on a couple of pilots. Then I worked on the Demetri Martin show, Important Things with Demetri Martin.

Oh, you were on it. Oh, cool.

Yeah, that was like the, I was there the first season with like Dan Mintz, John Benjamin.

Great writing crew.

Yeah, really fun.

Yeah.

And then did a season of that and then I started writing at Saturday Night Live in 2008.

So you've been there for three years, you were telling me off mic.

Off mic, we had an off mic moment. And I let it slip that I was there for three years.

And tell me a little bit about that job. I know sort of that you're rumored to write the Stefan pieces.

Yeah, I write those with Hader, yeah.

With Bill Hader, great. And those, if you don't know what that character is, it's a very popular Weekend Update character where he plays a sort of ambiguous...

Is it ambiguous? I guess it's become ambiguous.

Extremely gay.

Yeah, like a gay club kid in New York who goes to clubs and is always awake. And people, and I'm really, I really enjoy working, like I, you know, in comedy there's some things that like you do and, but anyway, what am I saying?

That's what I like. I don't know. I was about, why did I have to be negative for a second?

I was about to say that there's some things you do that you don't like. Like, what? Who cares?

I like working on that character with Bill a lot. That's a lot of fun. And it's really funny. It's really, we're really lucky. A lot of people have taken to it and like it a lot, but it is like a young gay club kid who's like up at all hours and goes to like deviant clubs and not deviant clubs.

Wow, you really circled back around all that answer.

Yeah.

Ended up where we started. And it's like Lost. Jack closing his eye.

I never saw Lost. If you may be a Northern Exposure reference, I wouldn't understand.

Is it like anything on Northern Exposure?

Oh, it's a lot like Northern Exposure.

Oh, well then I get exactly what you mean. No, but that so many people enjoy it is very funny.

It's almost like you've created the new Rosanna Rosanna Danner or something. It's, you know, I mean, you're in that legacy.

Oh yeah. Cause she was an update character. That's right.

Sure.

And people like that. Yeah. There's kind of more, someone pointed out, I was like, it's funny that a lot of people would take to like what is a very specific type of person, but someone pointed out rightly that like a lot of people like the mango character who was like a transsexual Puerto Rican dancer who lured straight men away from their wives.

And it was like a national sensation.

Well, I thought, you know, I mean, there is the theory of course, that specificity is the key to being popular because if you try to write everything generally, then you appeal to no one because it just seems like it doesn't appeal to, you know, you know what I'm saying?

I get what you mean. Yeah.

In comedy, you do a lot of things you don't want to do.

In comedy, you work on a lot of things you don't like. That's how I want to start the interview.

But tell me, here's something I'm interested in not to get too into the making of the bread, if that's an expression, which I don't think it is, but- Yeah. That's an old baker's expression. No, not as a joke though.

Oh, they do make bread.

Not as a joke though. That's an old baker's expression. I don't want to get into how you make your bread, but how many eggs do you have? And the guy goes, shut your mouth. The other second guy.

The second guy. What about the third guy?

The third guy goes, I'm just holding the pan. And the fourth guy goes, that's his wife.

The fifth guy goes, hey, that's my pan.

He goes, hey, maybe that's a my pan. And the sixth guy goes, get this wop out of here.

And then the French guy.

And the French guy comes in and he goes, that's extraordinaire.

Is that a Harold, what we just did?

I think it was. Yeah. Wow. Congratulations.

Congrats to you.

Good show.

That was the first long form improv that we've done on this podcast today.

But someone told me regarding the Stephane pieces, and we'll get into other pieces you do as well, as well as the rest of your career, the breadth.

We'll go through everything I've worked on on the show. Slowly talking about every update feature in the sketch.

But I am fascinated by this one piece of trivia which I read, which now that I have you here in front of me, and you are in front of me.

We are eyeball to eyeball. This is not like that awful Terry Gross where you're in New York and she's in Philadelphia.

But one thing I read is that you changed the jokes right before the taping.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. So a lot of things on the show are changed between dress and air. But because when we started doing, the first time we did Stephane on update, it was kind of a long shot, and it was very funny to Bill and I, and we were very excited that we were getting to do it at dress.

And I think we'd been working on it, we got nervous about it, and we were tweaking it.

And then when he finally did it on air, I think he, I mean, genuinely, we really liked the joke, so he started laughing. And it was very fun, and it was a very genuine break.

The sheer delight of him getting this thing on the air that's so silly.

It was so, like you said, specific and weird. And then we really write a lot of ideas to go into one of the Stephane features. And so I just got used to throwing in new ones for air, and then I started to get a kick out of trying to make him laugh through that.

And now there'll be ones very down to the wire, it's like 11.45, and update's gonna start at midnight, and I'll be like, the new club owner's name is Bologna Danza. And I just tell them once, because you can't just put people, someone said, do you just put them on cue cards? You can't just put things on cue cards because you- You wouldn't know what you're reading.

Your eyeball would just stop. Yeah. So- You're a doctor, right?

I am an eye doctor. Why? Oh, because I said eyeball. Right.

So yeah, so I like to throw those in. One time I didn't have a new joke, and there was a Christmas Stephane where he sang the 12 days of like Stephane Christmas or something.

And it was, instead of two turtle doves, it was Taylor Negron. And so I didn't have a new joke to throw in, so right before he walked out, I printed out a photo of Taylor Negron, and I autographed it to Bill, thank you for never making fun of me, Taylor Negron. And I just handed it to him, and I was like, you need to see this before you go out there.

That was my attempt on that one.

Oh, that sounds like just a marvelous place to work. I mean- It's really fun. I mean, I think people who are fans of the show have read the books about it and stuff, and it can sometimes be painted as cold and- An oppressive environment.

Oppressive, yeah. Or like alienating, and people don't get along, and there's lots of cliques, and I have not had that experience. And I don't think this era is that way at all.

Right.

It's just, I'm not saying that that wasn't people's experience.

But I think much like high school, I'm sure it would be, or any kind of school, middle school, night school, it would be up to, every person's experience would be different, and sort of based on their own personality conflicts.

That is definitely something to keep in mind.

And you've always been a really nice, easygoing guy, and you must carry that over into your professional life, I would imagine.

I try to be nice and easygoing. That's true.

Oh, wait a minute. Do we have a plane break? All right. Fans of the show know that when we hear a plane we like to take a little something that we call a plane break. This is early in the show, too. You ready to sing, by the way? Here we go. Ready?

Yeah!

Taking a plane break.

Join in.

Taking a plane break.

Oh, that was a great plane break.

Oh, wow.

Did you enjoy that one?

I really liked that. What is that melody? Can you say for the rights?

Probably not.

Can you not name the melody?

It's called Taking a Plane Break.

Do you remember that old show, Name That Melody?

First draft.

It was a ripoff of Name That Tune.

All right. Back to another part of your SNL experience, which is you've actually been on Update a couple of times, which is rare for a non-cast member.

I did the old A. Whitney Brown and snuck this punum on there. I snuck this face on that show.

You basically did like little correspondence things?

Or like update correspondence things?

Were they based on your stand-up material?

The first one was based on a joke I'd done and will occasionally still do. That was about Girl Scout cookies. I made it into a longer feature because it was Girl Scout cookie season.

Then I did one this year just based on things I loved at that moment in time called I Love It.

It's rare.

Which was a conscious choice to start a catchphrase for myself.

Did it work?

It was a conscious Lovitzian choice.

Yeah, but it's rare for a non-cast member to be featured as much on the show. That leads me in. I would not be the comedy journalist that I was if I did not ask, are you being groomed at all to be on the show, to be a cast member at all?

No. I don't look at it that way. I don't know. Who knows?

In comedy you do a lot of things you don't want to do.

In comedy you do a lot of things. Why don't I just say that it was called Awesomely Bad Songs of the Nineties and it was the thing I didn't want to do and I did it. It's on every day at 11 a.m. if you ever want to feel it. That's the thing I was referring to.

Two things. I would love to get my face on TV in any way possible.

It's a great face.

I do not thank you very much. It's a freckled face.

I was going to say. What kind of journalist would I be if I didn't mention that?

I would be remiss to not tell everyone at home that I'm sitting across from a real freckled face. Secondly, I really enjoy working there as a writer so I've never been there under any hopes of maybe this will be something else.

You're great on camera if it ever works out. It's the same thing that happened to me on Mr. Show. I was hired expressly with them saying you're not going to be on camera and then you hang out a lot and you end up on camera.

Whatever happens happens but I'm not trying to be like Captain Diplomat. I really do like the job I have now. No matter what happens it's a great job and who knows?

You're great at it. I was so happy when I heard you got that. Now let me segue into asking you about something else. Now I am certainly not asking you to do bits.

Okay. That said. You want me to do freckled face? I'll do it. I'll do it. Fuck. I'll do it.

I don't care. Alright. How do I get into it? A lemon. You need a lemon? I need a lemon.

You need to suck on a lemon for a second? It's like the autoerotic asphyxiation.

Okay. Here you go. I'm going to take the one out of my iced tea here.

Okay. There you go. I don't want to do the worse. Sorry. That's...

Okay. Good. Oh, that was marvelous. The fanboys out there.

No, but I do want to ask you about one topic. Okay. Now that topic is you are a comedian.

In your stand-up life you happen, and I don't think this is a coincidence, but you happen to have a lot of material about one television show in particular. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Known to the fans as L&O and to the layman, Law & Order. Right, right, right.

You probably have, if I were to guess, a whole hour just on Law & Order.

I think I have, and I'm counting a joke about Jerry Urbach's eye transplant.

Seventeen minutes. Seventeen minutes. Yeah, but some of it's about SVU.

And that distinction is important to me. Okay. No, seriously.

But what, and again, I do not want you to do bits. No, no, no, yeah. At all.

Unless there was something about Law & Order that you had just noticed that you...

Yes, I have a new bit about it that I haven't done yet.

I would love to hear something about Law & Order.

But now I talk about SVU, and I know that sounds like I'm doing a bit, but in my head I actually think that's new. It's a funny thing because I am working on a new special and a new album, and the first one, and these are not famous jokes, so I'm not saying anyone's going to notice.

Actually, one of your jokes was referenced on part one of the last show we did, so they're famous to some people. They're famous to some people, that's nice.

But the first album I had, I had jokes about how I used to drink a lot and Law & Order, and I... Exactly. The same topics.

I saw you the other night, you did the Comedy Bang Bang live show, and those were the two things that you did.

But to me, I was like, oh, I've got to write about new things.

Hey, guess what? The same things are still important to me.

No, I really thought, oh, I'm going to have a new perspective on life, and then all I could think of were, but now they're Special Victims Unit jokes.

You've moved on.

So I was watching Special Victims Unit.

My girlfriend and I watched two episodes of Special Victims Unit on Hulu Plus every single day, like two episodes SVU.

And I only watched that show, so if I watched other shows, I'd talk about it.

I talked about Entourage once, but... Didn't stick.

Didn't stick. I talked about Entourage once, but it didn't stick.

What a lame thing for a human to say.

So, and Dean Cain was a rapist on the show.

Oh, okay, sorry.

On the show, although...

You know, I mean...

So he was a suspect, and they did a lineup, and they brought in...

This is all fiction, so they brought in the victim of the attack.

The V in the SVU.

Yes, exactly.

Although sometimes I watch that show and I go, that victim doesn't seem special.

But they brought in the V, and they do the lineup, and it's like four guys and Dean Cain.

And I knew she wasn't gonna say this, but part of me really wanted to see her go like, Is that... Is that Dean Cain?

And be like, yeah.

He wouldn't have an alibi, because no one knows what he's been doing.

Alright, I'm gonna do it.

Oh, I love it.

It's gonna get in there.

I love it.

It's gonna get in there in a half minute.

It's going in.

Well, look for the Law and Order chunks coming up.

Thank you.

I like Law and Order a lot.

I don't know what it... I just like just that.

You are a master deconstructionist of that show.

Well, if you watched it all day and you couldn't make any observations about it, you'd be a simpleton.

My wife... We don't have a break for that, by the way.

What is that?

I think that was a truck.

Oh, okay.

What is that, by the way?

It's a truck.

My wife went out for a role recently and actually... Your bit is so famous.

My wife referenced your bit for an audition she had for a different TV show.

But she was like, oh, this is like Mulaney's bit.

Oh, nice.

Because she was doing the person who gives a lot of information to a police officer, but seems nonplussed by the fact that a police officer is talking to them.

Was she a waitress?

Yeah, I believe she was a waitress.

A lot of time the waitress is like, can I get back to my tables now?

Why do you like waiting tables so much?

They're always like, can I get back to my tables?

It's like, oh, yeah, enjoy that.

Get back to your tables.

Your boss would fully understand if homicide detectives wanted to talk to you.

Also, in this audition, she did not put two and two together about the fact that police were talking to her and the person they were inquiring about had been disappeared for the past two days.

Oh, that thing where they don't know... They ask at the end why they're asking.

Yeah, does this have anything to do with his disappearance two days ago?

I hope he's okay.

Right, yeah.

They let that go at the end.

There's an old story that High Noon, the first screening of that Gary Cooper movie, there's a sequence at the end that's really dramatic and that it was really slow when they first screened it.

Then they just decided to cut to a clock ticking in between these singles of people.

Added tension, yeah.

Yeah, naturally.

I think that's what... Someone told me that it's that kind of thinking.

It is so expository. It's just people talking, getting information out.

They literally just have to be wiping a counter down or stacking crates or something.

Because if people actually acted like you would act if a policeman or a woman...

Everyone would be like, oh my God. They'd sit down.

They'd be really quiet and they'd need a glass of water or something.

But instead they're digging around drawers and stuff.

Well, I look forward to you maybe doing a whole half hour special on Law & Order that would be aired in between Law & Order episodes maybe.

That would be... Two things. I have never... I've really put this out there a lot.

I have never auditioned for Law & Order. They've never asked me to audition.

That seems bizarre to me.

I know. I'm very bummed out by that.

What's your second thing?

Is that... Oh, hey. Hold on. Let me get the door.

Oh, someone's at the door.

Oh, hello. It's me.

Oh, hey. Oh, hey. Do you want to get this chair?

Yeah, I wanted to close the door.

Just sit down. I brought my own seat.

Oh, you brought a little chair.

I brought a little special chair. It's me, Fabrice. Fabrice.

Oh, hey, Fabrice. Yeah, you were on the show earlier this year.

I was on the show at some point earlier this year.

I wanted to ask a question to John. Now, John, is it true that you had one point performed at a Law & Order holiday party?

That's right. Were you at that?

I was. That was the craft services at that party.

John, let me just briefly explain who Fabrice Fabrice is.

As if it needs explanations.

Fabrice, you are a caterer who...

I'm a craft services person of great import.

Did you say of import or of importance?

Yeah.

Of which, though?

Of import, I live in one of those big crates down by Fishing Areas.

You were imported?

Yeah, from heaven.

You are a curious gentleman.

I am a curious George.

Who was on the show once before. You dropped by the show once.

Funny. That was funny. He said under his breath, you got to listen for those John Mulanies.

So you've dropped by. Hello, welcome.

I'm coming to say hello.

You were just passing by.

I was passing by. There is a new Hollyweed store next to your studio.

There is. I know. I smelled that good stinkweed outside.

That good sweet green makes me eat.

Okay, so you're Fabrice Fabrice, the craft service person. You had a question for John Mulaney.

Yes, I had a question for John Mulaney. As far as what you have been discussing previously to this moment, I would wonder if you could tell of the anecdote as to pertaining to what happened when you played the Lauren or the Hollywood party for Christmas.

You're an uneducated person. Is that right? And you use a lot of words.

Yes, I use many words to portray myself as an educated person speaking in very rich tones.

You're quite successful at it. John, you performed at a party?

I performed at a...

Cast party?

No, it was a...

Crew party.

Christmas party for criminal intent at this place called The Cutting Room, which is now closed and was owned by Chris Noth, who was on the original Law and Order, Mr. Big from Sex and the City. And it was one of those things where I...

I almost feel like you should be explaining this while wiping down a counter. You're giving so much exposition.

Because it's such a slow story. I need to be moving to keep people interested.

Start humping some cases, if you would.

It is amazing. It's like a homicide because you're killing the vibe in here.

Ah, that's great.

Look at me. Look at me doing just like y'all.

You came in and you asked me to tell the story and now you've turned.

And now I'm very much disappointed. Tell the story, John, with your classic old radio voice, your baby face.

So I thought it was going to be like... I thought it was like an official invitation to do the criminal intent.

I put it in my head that the show saw my bits and was interested in me and wanted me to go in and perform for their Christmas party.

But it was like someone who knew someone who knew someone who knew someone...

Who thought it would be funny.

There's a comic with a joke about the show and he was like, bring him in.

And had, you know...

Is he a Patton Oswalt character?

Yeah, because he makes a bar sound first.

That's his trademark.

That's true. Chris Noth is a Patton Oswalt character.

I believe it.

And then I got there and it was like there was like a band playing and they were like, go up there and do it.

And I got and I was like, and I think I might have even dressed up.

I really believed, one, I believed the cast was going to be sitting in the front row.

The mental picture I had of it was like a cartoon crazy person.

And you thought this would be your entrée as the French would say.

I absolutely thought it was like they know the bits and they want me to come and do them.

They'll be reciting them along with you.

Absolutely. I got in there. The room where the show was was like empty.

Everyone was in the other bar room because there was the liquor for them to forget who they were.

And I went in there. There's like four people, a band playing.

And I got up and I started doing stand up for like four people in the room.

And then, oh, by the way, I said the F word before. Can you swear on this?

Yeah, yeah. Fuck away.

So then I get off stage and the woman who knew a girl who knew me.

So the one person I'd had emailed with.

She was like, I'm sorry no one was in here.

And then Chris Noth came up to me and he goes, you got fucked.

By Mr. Big.

By Mr. Big. Yeah, I'm like Carrie Bradshaw.

More than words.

Say again?

More than words.

Are you just listing your favorite extreme songs?

Isn't, I thought that was Mr. Big. Who says that?

What is the song that Mr. Big sang?

In what?

The song Mr. Big, the band.

Oh, Mr. Big. Oh, I don't know.

Engineer Doug, what do you got?

I thought for a minute you were talking about Mr. Bungle.

As far as the meantime goes.

Joe, I was the crowd service coordinator on Sex and the City.

You worked on Sex and the City?

Uh huh.

Or had a bag of oats.

Can we make the connection?

I think we can.

And the show you worked on before that was the Disney Channel show, right?

What was that called?

That's right.

Sex and the City Part Disney.

Part Disney.

It was a marriage.

It was That's So Raven.

That's So Raven, yes.

Starring Raven-Symon.

Starring Raven-Symon and That's So.

Have you worked on another children's show since then? Have you done iCarly or anything?

I worked on Wizards of Waverly Place.

You worked on Wizards of Waverly Place?

Yeah. I was Selena Gomez's personal food interpreter.

And you would explain to her what the names of the food were?

Yeah. I would say, okay, this is a Cheeto. This is a food you cannot eat.

And I said, this is a carrot. I said, you can put this in your mouth and you can get the taste, but you must spit it out.

Spit it out immediately.

And then I said, this is a Justin Bieber. You can eat all of that that you want.

That's topical because of their now consummated physical relationship in public.

It's they consummated in public.

Yes. They kiss lips on each other.

Oh, wow.

Okay. I'm getting some information now about Mr. Big's biggest songs.

We have To Be With You is perhaps their biggest hit. The Billboard Hot 100 for three weeks. Mainstream rock tracks number 19.

Also Green Tinted Sixties Mind.

Green Tinted Sixties Mind.

Oh, the big thorn.

One of their horribly titled songs of Mr. Big.

Oh, the hit from before.

More than words not popping up.

John, if you could work at any TV show from history, what would it be?

If I could work at any TV show from history, it would be...

I would work on that one from the Dick Van Dyke show.

Oh, what's it called? It wasn't the Morley Safer Show.

I don't know. Just the one that they all worked on. I forget what it was called, but it just seemed like so much fun.

The Girlie Show?

I work on TGS with Tracy Jordan.

Every week something interesting happens. More than at my job.

I know. They have a lot of fun there.

Any other questions for Breeze for Breeze?

I feel like I've failed your setup there of what TV show I could work on.

It's okay. I'll put you on the spot. Just because you're a great writer doesn't make you a great improviser. Go ahead.

I was going to say Becker, and then I thought, you've taken enough swings at Becker.

You relax, John.

What swings have you taken at Becker?

I think he was talking to herself.

Tell us about your swings at Becker.

No, I guess I just feel like I've used Becker as a punchline show for a long time in conversation.

And the truth is, you would very much like to work with Ted Danson at some point.

The truth is, I would love to work with Ted Danson at some point.

And I'm sure the show was good. I never even saw it.

It's like a G. Lee. People just made fun of G. Lee.

Becker was one of America's last multi-camera comedies.

I know. I don't know why I have to...

The Black Guy from Swankers was in that show.

Was he? Yes, he was.

The guy with the pork pie hat? Yeah.

Were you one of those guys, Fabrice, that was caught up in the whole swingers thing?

Did you begin to enjoy old music?

That's right. I would say, look at those beautiful babies. I want to talk to that baby.

Now in fairness, you worked at a nursery.

And I worked at a nursery and I took a hammer to a couple sore baby skulls.

I crushed them like tomatoes.

You crushed them like tomatoes? Yeah.

You're someone who has had issues with the law, I'd imagine.

I've had a number of runners with the law enforcement community.

I feel like you might be one of those, like a Hollywood and Highland type that might be out in the streets screaming.

Oh, sure. Well, we will walk around and we will attack people verbally as far as needing to.

Well, Fabrice, thank you so much.

It has been such a pleasure.

Thank you so much for driving by. It's been a pleasure.

Thank you for knocking, by the way.

I thought that that was very nice that you knocked.

You are one of our most polite guests.

It is always about manners with me.

My grandmother taught me to always be manners.

She didn't teach you not to go around murdering babies, though.

Well, there are too many people on this planet.

Well, you're just the one to dispense that kind of justice.

Me and Lars von Trier. I'll see you later.

Okay, see you Fabrice. Oh, he's flying away.

Wow. Look at that. The door was open.

Oh, the Doppler effect. We heard a little delay.

There was a delay and then we heard a very realistic sound of a young Latino man flying through the sky.

All right, John, what do you say we take a break?

We'll go to a song and when we come back, we'll have more comedy bang bang. We'll talk more to you.

Absolutely.

We'll thoroughly dissect every hour of every SNL episode that you've worked on.

Absolutely.

Okay. And I'd love to talk about sketches that I worked on and I would also love to talk about things I had no part of.

Great. We'll go through. From the Samurai and Gerald Ford.

From the cold open to good nights. This is Rock Radio.

And also we'll get to part two of your story that Fabrice Fabrice interrupted, but here we go first.

Fabrice Fabrice actually came in to tee up the second part of the story.

Oh, okay, great.

So it was very nice.

How coincidental.

I'm back. I'm back.

Oh, he's back. He just landed.

Just for leaving duty.

Bye bye.

Oh, he's flying away again, but there's a delay.

Oh, there it is.

All right. Well, speaking of SNL, let's hear the Lonely Island who started on SNL or I guess they didn't start there, but they became famous from there.

This is Attracted to Us featuring Beck. We will be right back with more John Mulaney.

They're the best.

What about the boo on Channel 101?

Attracted to us, but you're never gonna get it.

Never, never gonna get it.

You're never gonna get it.

Because we're shy.

We're shy, we're shy.

We're oh so shy.

You're never gonna get it.

We're sweet and shy.

All you pretty girls.

We know you want our bodies.

We're all interested in ties.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh,宮den.

But you're never gonna get it.

Never, never gonna get it.

You're never gonna get it.

Because we're shy.

We're shy, we're shy.

We're nice and shy.

You're never gonna get it.

We're polite and shy.

Hey, nerdy girls!

You are attracted to us.

Oh, my god, girls!

You are attracted to us.

My hippie-dippie girls!

You are attracted to us.

Ch-ch-ch-chockers!

You are attracted to us.

Space girls!

Comedy Bang Bang, I am of course Scott about here.

We are.

And John Mulaney promised to tell me about everything having to do with SNL and then he abruptly walked out of the room with a disgusted look on his face.

And then all of a sudden, here I am and two other people walked in the room and they said they wanted to be talked to or interviewed, as other people would call it.

But here they are.

And will you state your names for the record?

Oh, hello.

My name is Gil Faison.

My name is George St. Geeklin, but people already know that.

And you're two older gentlemen.

Formally Cosby.

My full name was Gil Cosby.

That's right.

Tell them why you changed it.

I changed it for marriage.

I took my wife's name.

Really?

That's an unusual choice.

Yeah.

She was Franny Faison.

And so I took it.

Franny Faison.

Scott.

I took it so I could pass on a cruise.

And you are two older gentlemen who I guess are...

Excuse me.

You...

You actually saying that to a...

Hello.

Nice to meet you, Scott.

You're an older gentleman.

Thank you.

Older than the guests we normally have on here.

For instance, I had just had John Mulaney on here, who was a...

I believe he's in his 20s, a young, fresh-faced, boyish gentleman.

He's mayonnaise and Wonder Bread.

I don't need it.

There's no...

There's no there there.

Does that make sense?

Because it's all...

You know his work.

I don't know it.

I have a very, very glossed over understanding of it, but it's all...

I saw this on TV, and this happened then, and it's...

And she put this there.

And she put it here, and he...

This guy went to an f-word party, and it's all...

It's all...

It's all did-com humor.

It's all new Miss Space humor.

It's all...

All of the friends did-com, Miss Space did-com, all those kind of jokes, and we don't need them.

And I don't need it.

What kind of humor do you guys like?

The new stuff.

The new stuff is political stuff.

Of course.

The new comedians.

What types of politics?

Say it.

The new comedians.

The real time with Bruno Mars?

Yep.

He's great.

That one is...

That's...

You know what's great about that show is it's politically incorrect.

It's uncorrect.

Excuse me.

It's not...

He'll say to you, get over here, you know?

And he doesn't...

He's not afraid.

Yeah.

And it's...

It's not correct what he's doing.

He's pushing buttons, baby.

He is.

He's pushing buttons, baby.

I'm gonna talk right in your face.

Yeah.

And he'll wear a thin tie like a younger man.

Sure.

But then he's got a big silver head of hairs.

Yeah.

Why are we out in LA, Los Angeles?

Yes.

This is a great question.

Where are you from originally?

You seem like...

We are from the Upper West Side of Manhattan.

It's a nice place to live.

I live at 71st and Columbus.

And I live all the way uptown at 74th and Amsterdam.

Yeah.

And I never see him.

I will not go that far uptown.

He won't go that far uptown because of the Latin element.

I don't need to get my chain wallet stolen.

You have a chain wallet?

Of course.

That seems awfully young and...

Well, when I came to LA, I got a pair of dickies, long shorts with a chain wallet, because that's the way you awful people dress, with a nice v-neck t-shirt and also cigarettes and muscles.

The worst look in the world.

You got everything but the muscles, too.

Absolutely.

No, I don't.

I won't lift weights.

I'll lift soup cans.

I'll lift lentils.

Just a big can of lentils, and we lift them five on each side, and then we scoop it out.

We get our long fingernails, and we pop holes in it, like it's a bug juice.

And then we'll drink that lentil juice down, and that's breakfast.

Of course.

Lentil juice.

Sure.

Because if you don't have lentils, you can't take centrum.

What's he talking about?

What is he talking about?

Why is he asking that?

Well, let's put you guys into perspective here.

Sure.

I would love to be put into perspective.

Okay.

I just want to paint a picture for the listeners.

Oh, sure, sure, sure.

Okay.

So they know exactly- Like a Bob Ross.

Yes.

Certainly.

Funny.

Huh?

Funny.

Thank you.

That's like reference.

Put that in our Moleskine that we bought together, because we couldn't afford it individually.

We share- You guys are on a budget.

We share a Moleskine, and we put all of our notes and our thoughts, and we're going to get ready, and we're going to do one of those nighttime shows where you talk about memories.

I was a nerd-o when I was a kid.

When I was a kid, I was a real screw head, and this guy was a muscles, and everyone would beat up on me and call me a virgin, and that's the freaks and geeks humor, and that's what pays the bills.

And open mic, but you just said you like the political humor, so why are you practicing the- Sorry.

Well, because here's why.

And this is the reason.

And I can't... You can't spend all day harping on Spiro Agnew.

You got to go after relationships.

You got to go after all the relationships, Spiro- So, we were influenced by one of the hot young comics.

Mortzal.

And then we got influenced by a hotter young comic.

Bill Kristol.

And Bill Kristol paints a picture.

This is my dad.

We went to the Yankee game.

Who cares?

And it's over and over again.

And we said- Who cares?

Over and over again?

That's the implication.

Okay.

I get it.

You know who's funny, who's hot and young is Dave Brenner.

He's great.

Oh, boy.

He's funny.

You know why we came to Los Angeles?

Yes, please tell us because you're from Manhattan.

You just wandered in here.

You've never been in here before.

Who invited you?

We're from Manhattan.

Right.

We got a gift card to John's.

John's?

What is that?

You mean the grocery store?

Yeah.

That's right.

We thought it was Yvonne's card.

We thought it was Yvonne's.

Sure.

It's a common mistake out here on the West Coast.

Right.

We get the gift card.

We buy airplane tickets.

We come out to Los Angeles.

We go- We flew Pan Am here.

Right.

Really?

We flew Pan Am.

Pan American.

And the hollering when I lit a cigarette on that plane.

Oh, boy.

You're not allowed to do that.

It's against federal regulations.

I had a cigarette in the bathroom and the lady yelled at me.

You can't do that in any part of the plane.

No, I think you can.

No, actually.

Let's ask.

No, and I refused seatbelt.

You refused the offer of the seatbelt?

So he was in an exit row and they said in the event of an emergency and he said, I'll have a panic attack.

And they said, would you please move?

And he goes, no, I like leggy room.

I got restless legs.

You guys are problem travelers.

He has restless leg syndrome.

But you knew that.

We knew that.

No, of course I did.

It's the first time I'm meeting you.

You know what?

I started to wear one of those travel pillows.

I was wearing travel pillows.

It has a little panda hat on it.

But then I got one of those big nexists and so now it just rests my head on that.

Right, yeah.

It's one of those great big nexists.

It's comfortable for you.

We fly out to Vaughan's, the supermarket, for the gift card.

We load up the cart.

We go down the aisle.

I'm filling up the cart with items.

There is a real little porker with a rat tail in the middle of the aisle.

I said, get your fat face out of here.

He says he wants a high C drink.

I say, get bent.

We get to the register.

I fill a hummus.

Filled with hummus and- One can lentil.

One can lentil for exercise and also an ecto cooler that I found in a very dusty aisle.

We get up there and they say, this is a card for John's, not Vaughan's.

End of story.

The end.

Wait, that's the end of your story or is that what they said to you?

End of story.

No, that's the end of my story.

I don't want to talk about it anymore.

Really?

Kind of ended on a cliffhanger there.

Case closed.

This is not a Vaughan's card.

It's John's card.

The end.

No more story.

I mean, I hate to ask a follow-up question, but okay.

No, go ahead.

No, no, no, no.

Go ahead, Katherine Graham.

Grill me.

Grill me, Woodward.

Grill me, Bernstein.

All right, so the important thing is you guys are here now.

We're here and we love Los Angeles.

Oh, we love it.

But you were telling me during break that you had a big announcement.

Oh, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure.

We have secured tickets to a taping.

Say the name.

Bonnie Miller.

Where did you get these tickets on something like Craigslist?

We don't have them yet, but they've been secured.

We've been told online.

May I be the ones to break you?

Do I start that sentence over, boobie?

I sure do.

May I be the one to break the bad news to you?

What?

Go ahead.

There's no online.

Is this whole online thing not thing?

Is not a thing?

Do you want to start that sentence over?

Yeah.

Is this whole online thing not thing?

Is this not thing?

Be straight with me because I have downloaded a Netscape.

You know what, it's not important.

You guys just enjoy your trip.

You did tell me though that besides the announcement of course, the announcement of course, yes, of course.

But you had a personal revelation recently that you wanted to tell everyone about.

Yes, we, after much soul searching, we realized we're racist.

And how did you come across this?

Well, I'm down the street and it's boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.

Radio, radio, and I said, boom.

Yeah, just the boom, boom.

I said, turn it down, you black.

And they said, you're racist.

Yeah, they were right to call you that.

Well, at the time.

You just said, you black.

You know, George was a shit story professor at SUNY Yonkers.

That is true.

Shit story?

Shit stories, Scott.

You know, long stories, shit stories.

The shit story, and I taught shit story writing, and that's when you were.

At SUNY Yonkers, excuse me, accredited.

Yeah, you know, we had, the spring weekend was Bonkers and Yonkers, and all the coeds.

I tried to sleep with the coeds.

And that's why it was called Bonkers and Yonkers.

And they.

That's why?

Because you tried to sleep with the coeds.

Yeah.

OK.

So I'd go out there, and I'd go, you know, I like your flat butt.

Sure.

And they.

You have quite a way with words when you talk to people.

You black, you have quite a flat butt.

Right, because I'm too forward, direct.

Well, you're blunt, and perhaps inappropriate.

I think I'm provocative, you know.

You're a provocateur, as the French would say.

Like Kate Griffin.

And I want to be famous.

Really?

Are you doing anything?

No, I'm not working on anything to get it.

Well, those Marty Miller tickets are a step in the right direction.

I am developing a new show with Hailee Steinfeld.

Yes.

It's called Steinfeld.

It's great.

And it goes like this.

Yo-yo, dee-do-do-do-do-do.

Ba-da-boo.

Hailee, we got to go see Bob Sacamana.

You are not a serious person.

You will get out of here right now.

That's a clip from the new show, which is Steinfeld, the Hailee Steinfeld sitcom.

She's the girl from those awful Coen brothers.

Why do you not like them?

It seems like they'd be right on your ass.

Oh, we knew them when.

We don't pretend.

I've seen their theater and the way they portrayed Judaism.

No, I said you two little scarecrows, get out of here.

Not a fan of a serious man.

It seems like you guys are almost characters out of that movie.

I am a serious man, and I will not go to movies.

Hold on.

We got to step out.

I think the Coen brothers are actually outside.

They want to come in real quick.

The Coen brothers?

Yeah, yeah, we're going to get out of here.

All right, fine.

Yeah, take our seats.

All right, well, take care, guys.

All right, no problem.

Hey, it's Joel and Ethan Coen.

Welcome to the program, guys.

Hello, Scott.

Hi.

What an amazing honor it is.

I've spoken to a lot of movie stars, a lot of.

I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, you said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said,는 I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I Really? Uh, what's it called?

Um, we wouldn't be able to tell you right now.

We can't talk about it, so...

Glad you guys stopped by.

You want a hot dog?

Uh, yeah, please.

Joel doesn't have to go to bed till after 10.

Are you guys twins? I've always wanted to know that.

There's no information about that on the internet.

We're twins, but we're two years apart.

We're identical twins.

Wow.

Two years apart.

And, uh, how...

Oh, wait, wait, let me ask him.

Do you like lemons or oranges?

You have to see it and you have to say one.

Do you like lemons or oranges?

That's a great question.

I think, uh, oranges, probably, if I had to choose one.

That's butts.

Uh, guys, it's such an honor to have Academy Award-winning...

We gotta go.

We're already gone.

Oh!

Wow, did you hear that?

What?

What happened?

Who was here?

Uh, Joel and Ethan Cohn were here.

They made no sound as they left, unlike Fabrice Fabrice did.

Oh, there they go!

What's up?

Sorry, I spoke too soon.

No, that's me, I'm back.

Oh, that's you arriving.

I've been listening to this via the internet.

Oh, hey, Fabrice.

I have a Wi-Fi in my ear.

Uh, do you know the, uh...

Do you have a Wi-Fi in your ear?

Uh-huh.

Oh, wow.

Do you know the, uh...

John Mulaney's back.

How are you?

Oh, John's back.

How are you?

And you're with the Oh Hello Guys.

Yeah.

Sure.

Sure, you sound a little unsure.

Oh, baby, you should be sure of yourself.

Look, I don't need...

I have a choice where to do what I say to you.

George, I do not want to hear it from you today, George.

You guys know each other.

Oh, I...

Oh, yeah.

Of course I know.

I know Fabrice.

It's all, look at my... look at my knife.

Excuse me.

And I'll cut you with my blade.

Excuse me.

George continually smells like a mess of wet pasta and warm urine.

I will not...

I have a Chino pant that I would prefer not to change.

John, what do you think about these three incredible characters?

Well, I think that we've had a lot of fun and these three characters are great.

Two of them are older guys and, you know, they're...

Excuse me, I prefer my t-shirt which says, youth impaired.

So that's... and they'll say those types of things.

And that's so it's browning under the arms.

They're sticking to the script there, pretty much.

Right, it's browning under the arms except for where we have a little speed stick residue.

I thought that was John at first.

It's the... it's a fine line.

What?

This is a momentous occasion to bring the four of you together like this.

I don't think I've ever seen the four of you in the same room together.

We rarely will be in the same room because of history.

Yeah, what about shit story?

Shit story?

You know what?

I took a class on women and they say herstory.

Yeah.

They don't say history anymore.

I heard about this in order to gender neutrality.

That's the word.

Gender neutrality.

Wow.

Is that a motorcycle?

Oh, that's my motorcycle friend.

Bye-bye.

Hold on, we have a motorcycle theme that we play on motorcycles.

What's happening?

This is a motorcycle theme.

Should I ruin it by talking through it?

Yeah, sure.

I don't like it.

Ooh, this is one of those new hot songs, right?

Oh, yeah.

Like a Herb Alpert.

And it's Tijuana Brass.

The new music.

So, yeah, herstory.

I mean, how do you feel about that as an older gentleman?

The show is rota.

You know, George had problems with the administration when he was teaching.

Absolutely.

I made what I thought was a very witty repartee to a woman who had lupus.

And she said that it might have been hereditary.

She said maybe she was born with it.

And I said maybe it's Maybelline.

And I thought that was a very choice comment.

It's not even really a comment.

No, let me give you the setup again.

It was relevant.

Hold on.

Let me get back to setup.

Someone says, I have lupus, maybe I was born with it.

I say maybe it's Maybelline.

Maybe it's Maybelline.

I'm good with the setup.

It's really more of an accusation.

Because that famous commercial for lupus.

No, I know everything.

What?

Right?

Right.

Like that old movie with Charlie Sheen and Corey Haim lupus.

Okay.

About the young boy who wants to play football, but he has lupus.

I did craft services on that movie.

Oh, Fabrice.

Yeah.

You've been awfully quiet for the last five minutes.

I gave Corey Haim cocaine on that movie.

You introduced Corey Haim to cocaine?

Yeah.

He said, I can't see with these dark big glasses on.

I'm not feeling confident.

I'm alone.

And you gave a young child actor cocaine?

Yeah, I gave him a little something that sprinkles on top of a cupcake.

He loved it.

And then he did too much of it.

I can't believe you're responsible for that, Fabrice.

Look, that is her story.

Oh, you know that too.

See, he knows.

This is a type of person.

You understand this type of person is my nightmare.

You know what I would love to see is like a pairing off of people who normally wouldn't be together, like Fabrice and you.

Sure.

And then John and...

It's called the one train.

That's old New York joke.

Can I talk to John real quick?

Excuse me.

This is a dismissive tone to your voice that I know from all public interactions that I have.

So I sense it.

I can feel it.

Right.

As well as hear it.

What kind of...

How thick do you wear a wool sock?

You wear a thick wool sock?

I wear a thinsulate sock.

Oh, yeah.

Keep it shapely, right?

You know, I won't wear...

I'll wear a woman's underwear.

Really?

Yeah.

And there must be a reason for that.

Comfort or...

Well, I got one...

Here's what happened.

Someone gave me $20 and I went into a strawberry.

And I ended up buying a lot of teen girl underwear.

Okay.

But to wear.

So I put it on and immediately...

Perfect.

That's it.

Click.

Yeah.

And it says little blueberries on it.

Or on the back it says, you know, God ass.

Sure.

A lot of different phrases.

Yeah.

Ass candy.

These are provocative underwears.

Yeah.

But they fit me like a glove.

Yeah.

So it's about the fit, not about the provocative sayings.

It's not about the fit.

It's about letting him free as Johnny Cochran would say.

Yes.

Oh, who's this now?

Marv Albert.

Marv Albert just walked in.

Yeah.

There's somebody talking about women's underwear.

Yes.

Marv, say a few of your catchphrases.

Yeah, we love those catchphrases.

Boom shakalaka.

All right.

Another.

Yes.

Do the first one again.

Three pointer.

All right.

Marv, do you have an opinion on...

I'm forgetting your name.

Use random women's underwear.

And...

Look, Marv, hi, George St. Kinglin.

Nice to meet you.

Oh, George St. Kinglin.

Heard a lot about you.

Say one of your catchphrases.

Yes.

Oh, that's great.

That's fun.

That's a lot of fun.

So now, how many of the five of you wear women's underwear?

Okay, good.

I'm seeing four hands.

Okay.

I don't wear women's underwear.

No.

Because I'm the straight man.

You're a real person.

Literally.

That's true.

I'm very straight.

So Fabrice, you wear women's underwear?

I wear a man's underwear that is designed to be like a woman's underwear.

Oh, so a thin cut.

I wear a thin cut song underwear, but it is for men.

Yeah, of course.

Of course.

It is just...

It's specific.

I notice your pants are like sort of writing low these days.

Yes.

Yeah, like lowrider jeans.

I tried to start...

I would like to interject here.

I tried to start a line of Just For Men hair dye for men that had killed their wives.

And needed to run.

And I, the scowls at this product pitch meeting, the scowls.

As seen in The Fugitive and Shrush.

Absolutely, because it's always a very rushed...

There's precedent.

Absolutely.

Dr. Richard Kimball is on the run.

You're in a gas station bathroom.

You're in the run.

You're Richard Kimball.

They say you killed your wife.

Why?

You don't know?

Did Devlin McGregor do it?

Did they hire Sykes, the one-armed man, to kill you?

We don't know.

Because Lentz knew that you were going to not approve the liver samples.

At this point, we're in the transition from the first act to the second.

We don't know.

No, I think that's all in the beginning.

Wait, which comes first, the first act or the second act?

Usually, now I'm not sure.

I don't know, because I think in some movies they do the...

Yeah, they swap them out.

When is Beretta coming back?

Oh, soon.

That guy, by the way...

That guy could use what you're talking about.

...is innocent as hell.

Excuse me, how could he have killed his wife?

He was going...

He didn't have his gun.

He was going in to get his gun.

How could he have killed her?

Yeah, it's impossible to kill someone with a gun if it is not in your possession.

That's what I would always say.

That's all you have to say in a court of law and then say, case closed, and then you bang on the judge's gavel yourself.

They'll love that.

Jay, you did that funny thing with the law and order judge.

Oh, no, we already did that though in the beginning.

We talked about that a while ago.

But that was so funny.

It says, I'll excuse you.

That's funny.

Oh, yeah, I believe that's a joke that was referenced last week.

The I'll allow it?

I'll allow it, yeah.

That's the law and order joke.

And what's the name?

But watch yourself, McCoy.

That's right.

That's right, that's the joke.

That's the real McCoy.

Cake Boss.

No, I don't say the real McCoy.

Cake Boss is a fan of that joke and he mentioned it last week.

That's wonderful.

I like that joke.

You know who that is?

That's Paul.

No, no, no, no, that's Cake Boss.

Paul Schneider.

Buddy Velestro.

Paul Schneider from the hot new show.

The B-52s.

Yeah.

You know, yeah.

I forgot people's weird rules.

Am I not allowed to say that either?

Is Nick Kroll here?

Yeah, I'm right here, man.

Hey, buddy.

How are you?

Welcome to the show.

Is that weird?

No, not weird at all.

In fact, I've known you were there and that's why I've been spreading my legs.

That was the most New Balance he'd ever seen.

What do you think about this mixture of people?

We have Marv Albert, we have the Ohala people.

You know, I almost forgot we had Marv Albert.

Yeah, but no, let's never forget.

Yeah, never forget.

Because he's really adding a lot to this conversation.

That's the plaque at the Marv Albert Memorial that he's building for himself that says never forget.

That's the plaque on the Marv Albert tooth.

Right.

Marv.

Yes.

What do you think of Nick's comedy?

Not a fan.

Well, I think the problem is, that's not, that's clearly not Marv Albert, by the way.

Really?

Who is that?

Let's take a look.

Don Pardo.

Oh, okay.

Is he doing Marv Albert?

Yes.

Say one of your catchphrases as Marv Albert.

Musical guest.

Ellen Cleghorn.

No, no, that's, all right, nevermind.

That's, yeah, okay.

Yeah.

That's not what, nevermind.

Yes.

Nick, you've known John for a long time.

John and I go way back.

Yeah, you've done comedy together.

You've done characters.

John and I did, went to comedy together.

We went to Georgetown University together.

No.

God damn you, no.

Yeah, it's true.

That can't be true.

It's absolutely true.

Why would you say that?

Nick, you're so much older than John.

How is that possible?

I know.

I took three years off for rehab.

Can we talk about Ilya Kazan and how he names names?

Please.

Yeah.

Because I remember, I, you know, I gave him the names.

Oh, you were that guy?

He said, well, George, what am I going to do?

I got a bunch of names of Jewish idiots that I hate.

Take them in there and say them.

Say them all.

Say them loud.

We said them loud.

We got in there.

We got involved.

Oh, that's so good.

Whatever happened to those people whose names were named?

That he named?

Yeah.

They were all blacklisted and they were out of work.

Good.

And some of them jumped off buildings.

But the point is that- Let's get to the point, please.

That, you know, it's Steinfeld and it's Thursdays at 8.

Yes, finally back to Steinfeld.

Thursdays at 8 in which is the power position.

UPN, I roll.

Oh, damn it.

We're also working on a friend spinoff.

Oh, good.

Called Acquaintances.

And it's about a bunch of people who kind of know each other.

It seems like a loose spinoff.

None of the characters from Friends involved?

No, no, no.

We didn't want any of them attached.

Although we did get Fischer Stevens and he was once on an episode.

We actually have a new show with Fischer Stevens.

Oh, really?

Is this based on his documentary?

No, it's called Fishing for Compliments with Fischer Stevens.

Oh, great.

He sits in a remote.

I thought that he made that documentary.

You know, he's one of the producers of The Cove.

And I thought it was to make up for his name being Fischer.

Oh, interesting.

Do you think he had a lot of guilt about that?

I wanted to see a documentary called The Coke.

And that's just about drinking Coca-Cola.

Ha, it seems like you went the other way with that.

Sweet and fizzy.

Right?

Yeah.

What?

Good point.

Alright, so I think that it is, Engineer Doug, before you walk away.

Was anyone else here that I forgot about?

Marv Albert was here.

Oh, yeah, Marv. What do you have to say?

Yes!

Okay, great.

Marv, what's the opposite of no?

Musical guest!

Okay.

Couldn't have gone better, that question.

Alright, it's time.

I think we're wrapping it up.

It's time for the last feature on the show.

It's, of course, time for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs!

What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs!

What is that, a Lou Reed?

That, no, of course, that is Clay Christopherson sent us in that.

Clay Christopherson.

Didn't we do masculine with Chris Christopherson for a couple weeks?

Talk about somebody who's not ready for an improv.

No, Chris Christopherson.

The look of alarm on your face.

What's the difference between Robbie Robertson and Chris Christopherson?

I don't know, there's probably not one.

We all know what section this is.

No, there's a difference.

From not ready to jumping in and wanting to do it.

Look, I fell asleep, I took a Benadryl nap from antihistamine.

Benadryl nap.

I don't know why you had to fill the room with cats.

But not as a bit, and this is not a joke, my favorite actor is Dermot McDermott.

And a lot of other things that I didn't get to say earlier.

Yep.

So this is the Plugs section.

That was Clay Christopherson.

If you have a Plugs theme, please send it to our new EarWolf.com message board.

We have a thread devoted entirely to your Plugs themes, as well as threads devoted to your jukebox jury songs and several other things.

And let's get to the Plugs.

Who wants to go first?

There's so many of you in here, you're crowding me a little bit.

Let's get Johnny up there first.

Can I go first?

Would you mind?

Please, John Mulaney.

I just want to let anyone listening out there know that from June 15th until the 18th, I'll be performing at Cap City in Austin, Texas.

Sounds like four nights.

That is four nights.

Please go to their website and all those times will be there.

Not your website?

No, go to their website.

And then on the 22nd to the 25th of June, I'll be at the Punchline in San Francisco, my favorite comedy club where I recorded an album a couple years ago.

I love that place.

I hope you guys listening in those areas can come out.

I want to co-sign on that because you're one of my favorite comedians.

And if you haven't heard your record, plug your record.

It'll be a free plug for you.

Oh, thank you.

It's called The Top Part.

The Top Part.

It came out to rave reviews and much acclaim.

Great album.

I was there when you were recording it.

Yeah, you were.

It was on several best of lists.

Was it really?

Yeah.

That's nice.

And I remember People on a Special Thing all saying it was their best comedy album of the year.

Oh, that's very nice.

Not to exclude other people's.

No, there have been a lot of great albums in the past year.

Oh, you're keeping track.

I am lucky enough to be in that running.

So, go see John Mulaney if you have a chance because you will not be disappointed.

You did our show the other night and people were just...

That was great.

So fun and thank you again.

All new stuff.

All new stuff and people were dying laughing, including me.

The one story about your childhood, the party.

I'll just say the party story.

Oh, I'm glad you like that.

Oh, thanks.

Very, very funny.

Thank you very much.

You know what Marv Albert says about that.

Yes.

Doesn't he also say, musical guest?

Yeah.

Yes, he does.

All right.

So, who's next out of all of you?

Nick Kroll.

Oh, Nick.

Nicky.

An exhausted Nick Kroll.

N.K.

Hooray.

There it is.

The old email.

Doing any...

Table reads.

Coming up.

Doing a lot of table reads.

Bonnaroo.

I'm doing Bonnaroo with the cast of the league.

We'll be down there June 13th, 14th or something like that.

You have to.

Got to be there.

I'll be doing that.

Tennessee.

Arrested Development.

Tennessee.

Hopefully Arrested Development will be there.

The cast of.

Yeah.

Oh, and then I'm doing a show at Largo.

I'm doing a night at Largo June 23rd, I believe.

In Los Angeles.

In Los Angeles, California.

Is that a night by yourself?

I wish I could be there.

Yeah, it's a Nick Kroll and Friends kind of show.

That's great.

I appreciate the invitation.

Love for you to come by.

$25 a ticket.

$20 for you.

$20 bucks.

For me, really?

How much goes in your pocket?

What's your cut?

$70.30?

$70.30.

Awesome.

Yeah.

Anyone else out of you guys want to go?

Yeah, we're going to be doing a reading from one of George's best shit stories.

Yeah.

You want to give them a little taste?

I'd love to hear a taste.

The woman walked down the hall and she felt a sense of loss.

The end.

The end of the story.

You are really fond of ending your stories prematurely.

The whole idea of a shit story.

Because when I'm done.

Yeah.

The whole idea of a shit story.

It's like a novel.

Right.

And then at some point.

I think I'm finally getting you're saying short story.

I don't think that sunk in.

You didn't know what we were saying before?

No, I thought you were saying shit story.

And I was very confused.

No, it's not a shit story.

No.

It's a shit story.

I'm not doing one of those Jen McCarthy stories.

Right?

When she turned dirty.

Yeah.

When she named names.

After the show.

McCarthyism?

Yeah.

The witch trials.

Yeah.

Do you know that The Crucible is about the communist witch hunt?

What?

Yeah, that's true.

No.

I don't think anyone's ever put two and two together like that.

No.

And Arthur Miller, who I knew, he said, what do you think about this?

We could do a witch trial play and it would be about.

Literally, about witch trials.

About the communist witch trial.

And I said, scrap it.

Do a house party.

You were like, too subtle.

Yeah.

So he ended up writing House Party 2.

Right.

You don't say.

Yeah.

Why wouldn't he write number one though?

Why didn't he write number one?

An excellent question.

He was out of town.

For that day?

Yeah.

It was written in a day.

And it was funny because he would come to us and he said, it's always easier to write in kids' voice.

Play's much more difficult.

Yeah.

Play's much more difficult and much less recognizable.

Because he didn't have a huge eraser head.

Right.

Do you know this movie Eraserhead is about kids.

It's a prequel.

It's about Arthur Miller not being able to write the first house party.

And that's a fact.

I did know that was a fact.

You can look up that anywhere on the internet on all websites constantly.

Every single website.

Every time.

Every morning at 11 a.m. on every network.

Every morning, 11 a.m. on every network, awesomely bad songs of the 90s with John Mulaney and a bunch of other people that wish they didn't do it anymore.

And a bunch of other people who were struggling that they didn't sign a contract.

That they got $300.

Not even.

Some did it for zero.

Some people complained till they got $300.

Marv Albert, what do you got to plug?

Yes.

Okay, great.

Let me do a few plugs.

I just want to plug the new earwolf.com, which just came out.

I hope you saw it.

It's really fantastic.

And I do want to say there is a page on there where you can donate to getting us a new studio so when we have 12 people in here like we do right now, it isn't so oppressively hot and close quarters.

So if you'd like...

Yeah, don't forget about me, Josh Lopez.

George is here, finally.

You've been standing there in the corner the whole time.

And me, Uncle Cowboy.

Uncle Cowboy Sears.

What is your...

What do you do, Uncle Cowboy?

I'm John Mulaney's Uncle Cowboy.

He is not as a bit, though, and not as a character.

He is my uncle.

Oh, and a cowboy?

Or his last surname is a cowboy?

No, he is my mom's brother and he is a cowboy and he works the land and it's an honest wage.

What is right is what is true and it is what I am.

But this is not a bit.

This is not a funny character.

No, no, no.

I mean, we've had a lot of fun, but not as a bit and not as a character.

I don't mean to pull back the curtain, but you guys have been doing a lot of these characters.

Oh, yeah, absolutely.

But this is a real person.

They've been doing all types of voices.

Just not Uncle Cowboy and not George Lopez.

I gotta go.

Alright, Uncle...

Oh, you're wearing those cowboy boots.

Funny we didn't hear you walk in with those.

Much like you're in a house in Japan.

Whoa!

Faris!

He's gone!

Who's left?

No one?

I guess it's just Nick and John.

I guess it's just us.

Alright.

Whose line is it anyway?

This has been Rock Radio with Scott Aukerman.

I'm Johnny M. and those are the hits.

Thanks for listening, everybody.

Making shit up.

See you next week.

Thanks, bye!

This has been an Earwolf Media Production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.
