---
layout: page
title: 108. Rob Corddry,Erinn Hayes,James Adomian [5617⧸20991].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Coming up on the show today, two luminaries of Children's Hospital, one of the best TV shows on, of course, TV. Also, Dove Charney from American Apparel is here to answer the charges that have been sent against him. All of this and more up on today's...

Yeah, this is Comedy Bang Bang. I have, of course, the world famous Scottabot. And, boy, it is... You know, sometimes we tape this show a few days before, even up to a week in advance sometimes, before we put it out. But this one is right down to the wire. It is a Sunday afternoon. And, you know, we had a very busy weekend. And I'm very excited that I can have some people come out here on a Sunday and be with me. Now, last night, I just got back from Santa Barbara, California, where I took my wife, who you know from Who Chartered, Coolop, of course, over to see Peter Gabriel at the Santa Barbara Bowl, which was a fantastic concert and literally so beautiful at some moments that I was very moved. And yet, there's a Peter Gabriel super fan that we're sitting next to, who... And I'm not one to say, you know, I guess he should be ridiculed because he's also a big fat guy. I don't know. That's just incidental to him being really annoying. But he also was, you know, huge, which, you know, an entire concert is not pleasant. So, I don't know. I think those two are two totally different things. But yeah, I don't know. When a guy is putting on a concert and he's doing a very subtle performance, and he has an orchestra, a 72-piece orchestra behind him, and he's doing quiet songs, I don't know if it's exactly the right time to be shouting Sledgehammer and giving your wife or girlfriend or, for all I know, just someone who has no relation to you. Trivia about Peter Gabriel? I don't know if that's... And by the way, apparently, you know, you can control some things. You can have a wonderful... Oh, by the way, what is that? Is that a motorcycle? What do we got? Engineer Doug? That's our motorcycle theme. You can control some things. Of course, you know what artist you're going to see. You know the type of thing that he's going to play, if not every song. You know the environment, the beautiful Santa Barbara outdoor bowl, but you can't control someone irredeemably farting next to you the entire show. So those were the only minuses, but it was a fun night. And now we're here on a Sunday, and all right, let's get to our first guests. Of course, you know them. Their television series that they work on together just started a couple of weeks ago, back up for its third season. The winner. If only. This is her first appearance on the show. This is his second. Please welcome Erin Hayes and Rob Cordray. You mentioned the winner. I assume... Okay, let's just say what it is. It was a Fox television show. It was an award winning Fox television show. An award losing Fox... We actually never lost an award. No, we never lost an award. Never lost one. No. But we won zero awards, which is something. Yeah. Actually, it sounds more like nothing. It is something though. It's a sentence. Is that where you guys met? I assumed... That's where our love sort of... Blossomed. That was the genesis of our love. No, that was the genesis of our love. And it sort of blossomed, I think... Yeah, Children's Hospital.

Yeah, the good thing about Children's Hospital, good thing about being on a failed sitcom with Rob Cordray is you get another job out of it. That always happens, doesn't it? If you could call it a job. It might end up costing you money in the long run. Probably. Do you get paid in gas money to do Children's Hospital? I get paid just in giggles and fun. I get paid in giggles and fun.

It's going to extend your life. Oh man. Erin, I became first aware of you from the television sitcom Worst Week. I remember that was the first time I kind of locked into... Yeah, that was...

What was I in that one? That was... You know, what's weird is that you weren't in that one.

No, I can sense... That's probably why we went for 16 episodes and not just six. Not six.

Yeah. That was a fun one. That was right in the middle of my period of playing very understanding girlfriends in life. That's my niche. Children's Hospital is really getting way far out of my wheelhouse. That's what I enjoy so much about it is I saw you in that show and I really enjoyed that show. I would always laugh so hard at it. That's funny. To where my wife was making fun of me. Often she would go through the room and I would just be giggling at certain things that happened in it. I like that. But it's true. You were playing an understanding mom... No, not mom.

Pregnant lady. Pregnant lady, right. Yeah. Which is why your work on Children's Hospital is such a delight that you're playing such against type. Thank you. Originally when Rob approached me for this, you asked me if I wanted to play Cat, which is Lake's character. Lake Bell. And I think being in the middle of... And you were like, well, all the characters are the same. No, but honestly, Cat was written much more dreamy. She's more of the Meredith Grey of Grey's Anatomy voiceover.

She's soft and then I read Lola, who's this hard... Blunt. Hard, blunt, kind of bitchy. Oh, I'm sorry, I meant cunt. Yeah. Let's not mix our words. And there was something in it that I hadn't really done before and was like, I kind of want to do that. And I think it worked out well because Lake is so good at doing the Cat character. She just really nails that. And it's fun. I get to kind of be the blunt cunt. Blunt cunt. Blunt cunt. So how is... The third season, of course, has been on for a couple of weeks now. But I think the third episode is coming up this week, is that right? Yeah, Thursday, midnight. I know I've seen about maybe five or six of the episodes, but how would you say... Is it different this year? I would say maybe you're trying a lot of things, which are very interesting, but I'd love to hear you explain. We were really fond of the kind of very special episodes, the ones that would be a little bit more conceptual and weird. So we got maybe one or two more of those. And also, we seem to rely a little bit more on story, but really not... You can't really say that it's... But that's only on a per episode basis, because then in the next, there's no continuity, because in the next episode, we throw everything away and start again. Yeah, and start again. But also, I would say that it's kind of expanded in scope. We know where to spend our money. You know what I mean? On what effects and stuff like that. Interesting. What are you spending your money on? We went to... Shoes. We went to Brazil.

Brazil. I'm not kidding. I'm not. Oh, that's right. He uses the term we.

I mean me. But honestly, he went, Rob Hubel went, Ken Marino went. Dickheads are like, we're going to Brazil.

Aren't you guys excited for this? It's just Hubel, Marino, Rob Cordray, and Jon Stern, our producer. That's true. That's true. We went to Brazil, we shot a 20 second scene, and that's it. They were literally there for three days, right?

Yeah, but I think next season, we're either going to go to Rome or Tokyo, and it will be different people. Different people. Different people. He doesn't commit. Different people.

Well, definitely will be me. And are these scenes that can only be done in Rio?

No. Only, only can be done. As a matter of fact, we were editing, and we were halfway through the editing process before we went to Brazil.

We didn't even need to shoot this scene. We could have easily cut this scene out.

Oh, I can't wait to see. What episode is that on?

I don't know. We just rearranged the order, so I'm a little lost. I'm not sure. But it's the one with Seth Morris actually plays Tug Spano, the pediatric plastic surgeon.

I've never met Seth Morris. I hear he's really funny.

Not really funny. He's a gentleman.

So, can you talk about some of the special episodes you have coming up that I think are going to be some fans' favorites? Or do you not like to take any surprise out of them?

No. We have another...

We've given away...

We have another Newsreaders. We have the one we did last season.

Newsreaders was sort of the 60 Minutes profile of behind the scenes of your show.

Now, it turns out that that show, Newsreaders Expose, made Children's Hospital skyrocket in the ratings. And now everybody's dealing with their success. Everybody gets a spinoff.

Right. So, we deal with their spinoffs.

And some of these spinoffs are just... I mean, all of them are so hilarious. Some of them are funny.

Your spinoff, Erin's spinoff is... I wanna get the name right exactly.

What is that?

It's Dr. Mole People Doctor.

Dr. Mole People Doctor.

Mole Person Doctor. It's Dr. Mole Person Doctor. So, she treats mole people.

So, it's kind of like one of those NBC fantasy shows of the 80s type?

No, that's Ken Marino's.

Oh, right.

His is called Infinity Hills, where he and his twin brother find out they have another set of twin brothers who live in another dimension and are really fat, but you never see them eat anything.

And that's a clue.

I've seen that episode. I don't remember that.

It's good. It's really hard.

Really powerful.

Now, you guys have known each other a long time. What I would love to hear you guys is just compliment each other. Just look at each other and compliment each other.

I just complimented you in TV Guide.

Well, let's see them print it.

Get ready for that.

And then I'll believe it.

How about on a personal level? What do you like about each other?

Rob Cordray.

Great mom.

Thank you.

Fantastic mom.

Really, really okay dad.

You've seen that in person?

I have.

He was at my daughter's birthday party yesterday.

But only because my daughter really loves celebrities.

She's a star fucker.

A star fucker.

So, I'm a four-year-old.

Four-year-old.

Hey.

She has the most adorable children.

I just want to steal them or eat them up or kill them so that I can possess them fully.

You know what I love? Rob's honesty.

I really do.

Erin, especially in terms of acting ability and that kind of thing, is one of those people that can just do anything.

She's our go-to home run hitter.

We've written a line that we have no idea how anyone could ever make it funny.

Let's give it to Erin.

Oh, that's very, very sweet.

I will say that Rob is such an amazing...

You really surround yourself with all your friends.

Everybody that I meet that you know that are really good people.

I feel like it takes a good person to bring all of these really amazing people together.

And you are very loyal to your friends.

And there are 10 people that I like.

10 people.

In the world.

So you're one of them.

I win, I win.

No, not your husband.

Now what I would like you to do is to turn to me and compliment me.

Um, you, you are really trying.

Like you really, really try so hard.

One of these days.

You're so hard working at trying.

I, you, the way you probably make people feel.

Because there's no telling really for sure.

You know, I know you guys are joking, but that made me feel really good.

All right, here's what I want to do now.

Let's, while there's only two people here in the room, let's play a little game.

A little game that...

Oh, Jenga?

Jenga?

That's great radio.

Jenga.

Jenga corner.

Let's play a little game called What Am I Thinking?

All right.

This is What Am I Thinking?

And this is a game we like to play where basically we're going to play two on two.

And, uh, it'll be, I think it'll be the two of you, uh, playing first.

And then the winner of that will play, uh, me for the championships.

Is that how it works?

No, I'll tell you what, it'll just be you two.

I feel like we need one more person if it's two on two.

There's three of us.

I'm used to playing, I'm used to playing four.

Okay.

What we'll do is we'll play just the two of you and whoever wins will be the champion.

How's that sound?

All right.

So go ahead.

Oh, right.

You don't know how to play.

I'm ready though.

I was about to go.

So here's how you play What Am I Thinking?

Each of you separately in your own heads and without speaking it aloud, thinks of a word or a thing.

It could actually be two words, like if it's Bugs Bunny or, uh, uh, you know, recliner chair.

That's probably not a term for something, but a recliner would probably be more succinct.

But, uh, you each separately think of a thing, then you keep it in your heads, lock it in, and then you say aloud to each other, staring deeply and soulfully into each other's eyes, three, two, one, and then say your word.

Okay.

Now you will have each.

You say, okay.

I say what I'm thinking.

Or you say what the other person, you think the other person, that would be a good game.

That would be a good game.

That would take a long time.

No, you say the word that you were thinking.

Okay.

You've said three, two, one, aloud, and then you say your word at the same time.

Now we'll take each of those separate words and then each of you will try to think of the word that has that, uh, both words in common, sort of the commonality word.

So if it's, uh, Steve and Jobs, Apple would be the common word.

Does that make sense?

Okay.

So whatever, uh, we're not making like a celebrity match at Brangelina type of work.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Exactly.

Just whatever word that you think those two words have in common, you lock that in, then you say three, two, one, and Steve Jobs.

And you're basically trying to say the same word at the same time.

Now, the only way to lose this is if you stumble and, uh, uh, wait for the other person to say something before you say something.

Do we have to do another countdown for when we say the common word?

Yeah, you're doing countdowns until you say the exact same word.

Terrible.

It's a terrible game.

All right.

One of these days, I'll get the explanation of this a little shorter.

Okay.

Here we go.

Uh, first I want you to lock in words.

Um, are you ready to play the password?

This is the hard part for me.

I'm locking in a word.

You're all set.

Sorry, sorry. Before we, before we lock in words, we need to know who you're playing for.

Oh, oh, I'm, I'm playing for, uh, oh God, it's this charity for fat people called McDonald's.

That's wonderful.

They feed people, um, and keep them fat.

And I'm going to, I'm going to play to hope to win a new iPod.

Okay.

Just to let you know, there will be no iPod.

Well, we'll see if I win.

All right.

This is why we, yeah.

This is why you play the game.

Yeah, why play the game.

All right.

So have you, uh, have you each separately locked in a word?

I have locked in a word.

Yes, I've locked in a word.

All right.

Now look at each other and, uh, commence your countdown.

Are you counting or are we counting?

No, we're counting.

All right.

Counting together.

Three.

I lost.

Three.

Two.

One.

Rotisserie.

Jingle bells.

Rotisserie and jingle bells.

All right.

Think of what those two things have in common.

Rotisserie and jingle bells.

Okay.

And we're going to take it a little slower at the top.

Okay.

All right.

You got it?

You got something?

You got it.

Here you go.

Ready?

Are you ready to play the feud?

You know it.

I do.

I know it.

Yes, you know it.

Here we go.

Jingle bells.

Rotisserie.

Here you go.

And.

Three.

Two.

One.

Jack in the box.

Shit.

Wait, what did you say?

Jack in the box and- It's a turkey.

Jack in the box and turkey.

Hey, there's a lot there.

Oh, we got to go.

Oh, Jack.

You go again.

Oh, Jack in the box.

Turkey.

I've never seen anyone get so amped.

I know.

Aaron's just like jittery and- I like to win.

You're floating above your chair.

I like to win.

What was it again?

All right, so it's Jack in the box and Turkey.

Turkey and Jack in the box.

Now, is it Jack in the box or Jack and the box?

Jack in.

It's the Jack in the box.

I just wanted to make sure.

Okay.

Jack is also a restaurant.

Jack in the box.

Oh, no.

Three, two, one.

Popcorn chicken.

Fuck you.

What did you say?

Popcorn chicken and sandwich.

There's a lot there, though, to work with.

Popcorn chicken and sandwich.

But you can't use the same two words, right?

You can't say chicken sandwich.

Oh, that's what I was going to say.

You can't say it, right?

You probably could have, but now you can't.

Three, two, one, chicken sandwich.

Popcorn chicken and sandwich.

And sandwich.

What do those two things have on here?

One is a fried chicken kind of meal that you would find.

This is the thing.

I think when you find a link in your head, it's like, well, that idiot's got to know it, right?

Because I saw that look in his eyes to me before, and now I feel like I got the answer.

Here we go.

Let's do this, Cordray.

Three, two, one, KFC.

Damn it.

KFC and lunch.

I like rotating around this word.

KFC and lunch, they serve a lot of lunch products.

If you can come up with one.

There's an iPod at stake here.

Okay.

Do you know?

What?

No, I don't know what you're thinking.

Wait, let me ask her a question.

Do you know what I'm thinking?

The very titular question.

All right, so KFC and lunch.

Here we go.

And?

Three, two, one, crispy chicken.

Crispy chicken and bucket.

Interesting.

We keep saying the same thing.

So you eat a bucket for lunch.

Chicken, bucket of chicken.

All right, so bucket and crispy chicken.

You can call this game off anytime you want.

No, we're going to keep going.

I like it when it gets long, and it's like you're in your 25th thing.

Three days later.

All right.

Bucket and crispy chicken.

Crispy chicken and bucket.

Here we go.

We're going to go a little faster.

Three, two, one, eat.

Chicken parts.

Eat, eat.

Eat and chicken parts.

Eat, eat, eat and chicken parts.

All right, let's jump back in.

We got to go a little faster.

I'm going to cry.

All right, eat and chicken parts.

Here we go.

And?

Three, two, one, wings.

Wait, what did you say?

Jew?

You said Jew?

What the fuck?

What kind of game did this turn into?

You guys, I'm a horrible racist.

I didn't, did I not explain this?

Did I not explain this to you before?

When you start working like Rick, starts to become stream of consciousness, she gets more and more racist.

Wait, you said chew.

I said chew.

And what did you say, Rob?

I said the N word.

I forget what I said.

Wing, I said wing.

Wing, okay, chew and wing.

Here we go, chew and wing.

All right, we got to go quicker.

This is how you lose, is if you can't come up with a word.

Chew and wing, chew and wing.

Here we go, chew and wing.

And?

Three, two, one, lunch.

Bones and lunch.

I went back to lunch.

Lunch is okay.

You can go back to something.

Bones and lunch.

Here we go.

We just get back to like the primal.

Bones and lunch.

Yeah.

Three, two, one, teeth.

Okay, I don't know about that.

You seem to hesitate.

You hesitated and just...

No, that's how you lose.

She's lost.

I just lost my iPod.

Congratulations, Rob Cordery.

How much did I win from McDonald's, the charity?

You won a bucket of...

Strangely, you're playing for McDonald's and you're talking about KFC the entire time.

They're not going to like that.

Well, that is how you play.

What are you thinking?

I will admit that I have been accused of being a cheater before, but it was at the game President, that drinking game, where I'm pretty sure...

You don't know that?

It's some game where you actually are...

I think you're supposed to cheat.

Any drinking game you were supposed to cheat.

Like that's part of the rules.

And somebody really called me out and was like mad at me for cheating at a drinking game.

Right.

Explain how you play this because I love to play it on this program.

Oh, no, no, no.

It's not President, asshole.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Same thing.

Same thing, but you want to be the President, right?

And that game, asshole, you want to get to be the President.

She was speaking of Obama and she's racist.

Whatever.

President, asshole.

I was switching cards with a friend.

You're supposed to do that.

How do you play it?

I've never played this.

You just like, you put the cards around on the table and everybody, you want to like win the hand.

You want to lose your cards first until you win the hand of high cards.

And whoever goes out, like loses their cards first, gets to be the President.

And then you can tell people what to do in the next round.

We should play that.

We should get some beer right now.

I'd love to get day drunk.

You know who appreciates that?

My children.

All right, let's take a break.

When we come back, we will have more with Aaron Hayes, more with Rob Cordray.

This is, which one are we going to play?

Let's play, let's play this one.

What do you say?

All right, here we go.

This is Allentown by Ed Helms and we will be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Well, we're living here in Allentown And he's driven our lives into the ground When we woke up, we were wasted and drunk Phil got shot We got beaten by a monk I was happy and my life was good Getting married like a dentist should Roasting marshmallows on a stick I got fucked in the ass by a girl with a dick I remember that And we're living here in Allentown But they're taking Teddy's finger now And I'm pretty sure I'm gonna lose my shit And shoot Allen in the face And shoot myself He totally butchered that song.

Totally butchered my life.

All right, that is Ed Helms.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm of course, Scott Abott and we're here with Rob Cordray, Aaron Hayes and we have another guest came here and he's here to answer some of the charges I think that have come up against him and his company.

This is Dove Charney.

You know him as CEO of American Apparel.

Yeah, yeah, you know, listen, Scott.

Welcome to the show, first of all.

Well, great, but I mean, yeah, you know, that's fantastic.

You know, it's great to be here with people, you know, and everything.

But like before, I mean, before charges, what I want to say first of all is that I'm proud of American Apparel, okay?

Well, sure, it's a huge company.

You're just a regular guy and you're the CEO.

I mean, don't give me, you're like the Starbucks of tight t-shirts.

You know, I mean, sure, but when you make a comparison like that, you have to remember they came from money, corporate power, everything.

We're the little guys.

We're a little guy, we got a little factory in downtown LA, you know, we're environmentally blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

And what we do is a service.

And that when you have a service like that that's taking on the major fashion icons out there or whatever, you're going to ruffle some feathers and they're going to try to take you down.

And that's what's happening.

And I just want to, I mean, there have been some of these charges.

Let me just say, that's not what I'm about.

All these charges, the rape charges, ooh, the rape and molestation charges, the molestation rape free charges.

You really covered the basics there.

Every, well, listen, every, they're all spurious.

They have no case.

Well, that's what we want to talk to you about.

But their goal is to just take me down and just suffocate me.

I'm just being suffocated in lawsuits.

And all I'm trying to do is clothe people in slim slacks.

Well, I'm glad you came because a lot of times on the show, what we like to do is we like to have embittered, yeah, people who are up against the system on to kind of explain why.

You know what, Scott, and you know what, I'm not bitter.

You know, and I, you know, we, you know, you're a friend of mine, you know, you have, you come in.

I would say that's strong.

That's not exactly.

You're a friend of his.

I mean, I, I just, I swear to God, I just met him.

We went, no, we went.

Just like, at the same time, you guys did.

I may have had like a lengthy email exchange with him, but I, this is our, come on.

Scott, Scott, don't embarrass me like this.

I mean, I came on because, you know, we ran into each other's street.

We're like, what are you doing?

I mean, you know, I'm doing my thing.

And you were like, oh, yeah, I'm doing my thing.

And it was like, oh, my God, I love it.

I would love a venue to clear my name.

Yeah, but I mean, we met that one time.

Yeah.

On the street that day?

Yeah, I mean, yeah, sure.

We met on the street before the email exchange I was talking about.

Yeah.

And before he came in here.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's true.

He was, he was, Scott was, I, Scott, you don't remember this.

You were wandering down in the factory district in downtown LA.

I don't remember that, no.

Okay.

Well, you know, a lot of my models don't remember the period they spend with me because I like to, I like to think of myself as a sort, like a sort of diversion from the real world.

You know, I am, I am the troubadour where I take you off to a magical world.

And Scott and I, you know, several years ago, he spent, he had a run as an American Apparel model.

Wow, you photographed me, in other words, or?

You know, look, sure, or whatever, you know, but we haven't.

Wait, wait, wait, don't just say whatever.

Sure, or whatever.

Well, I mean, there was a camera, there were photographs that came up.

Was I pulling, was I clicking the thing?

Sometimes I was.

Did you drug him and take pictures of him?

Well, hold on.

I want to address this charge right now.

I'm not charging you officially of anything.

Whoa, suddenly it's an official charge?

What is this?

What is it?

Listen, I'm a Canadian citizen, okay?

All right, I'm here.

I have diplomatic immunity.

Wait, you do?

How does someone get diplomatic immunity just from being a Canadian citizen?

Whenever, no.

Do you get that on the plane?

I have consular protection at any American Apparel store.

And as the CEO of American Apparel, whenever I go somewhere, I am protected by the American Apparel Consulate, diplomatic immunity.

Anytime you're in an American Apparel, that's American Apparel soil.

That's like Canadian soil, you can't be charged.

And if I have paperwork regarding the operations of the company on my person, then I have diplomatic immunity.

That just does not seem fair.

It seems like...

I have a receipt.

I have a fucking receipt.

I'm in Canadian soil right now.

It seems to me like the American law enforcement officials would be waiting for you to leave your American apparels.

They stake me out.

They try to catch me.

Is that why you have like 10 hundred million stores?

Erin, you seem to not like how many stores there are.

They almost connect. They're everywhere.

They're almost next to each other so you can walk from store to store with diplomatic immunity.

Listen, I like a unitard as much as anybody else.

You know what?

Unitard is unitard.

And I love to get out my spring fashion vagina.

We all like really big dark frame glasses, but...

I want to put Erin, right?

Yeah, Erin's Erin.

Really, really big fan.

Love everything.

I would love to put you in a spread, right?

I would love to spread you out over two pages on the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, if we could.

In the back page.

I love your ads.

I'm just...

I feel like I might be like 15 years too old.

He wants to spread you out.

No, you know what?

I heard the words.

Don't worry.

Your bio would totally change.

We always bullshit through that anyway.

I would call you probably Pocket.

And we would have a spread on the back page of the Seattle...

You know, we do it on The Stranger.

And we'd say Pocket is from Montreal.

She likes math.

Wait, would I get diplomatic immunity?

She likes math.

Yeah, this might not be such a bad deal.

Yeah.

Roller skating and science.

All right.

We found her floating in a pile of eggs.

And she's wearing bucket pants and a slim slack half sock stretched across her shoulders.

Is that coming up in the catalog soon?

A slim slack half sock?

I'm almost into it.

Yeah, it's just like a giant sock.

You stretch it over your fucking shoulders and it's hot.

What do you want?

It's summertime.

If I'm in Denver, I do the winter thing.

If I'm in fucking LA, it's a summer thing.

What do you want?

You got to know about these fucking...

Man, I was down at the Atlanta Four Store with those fucking dicks.

Oh, tell us about it.

Oh, they...

What happened?

The whole store...

Where's this?

Atlanta, Georgia.

The Atlanta Four Store.

What exactly is the Four Store?

Well, you know, there's Atlanta one, two, three, four.

We skip five, and then there's seven, eight, nine.

Oh, that explains it.

Oh, the Four Store in Atlanta.

Oh, oh.

Yeah, you know, that's the way it is.

But the front display is nothing but plastic back thongs.

I don't need back thongs.

It's fucking Atlanta.

What are you talking about?

There's no fucking rain there.

Back thongs are for rain.

What is a back thong?

I guess I thought I knew what a back thong was until he said it was for rain.

So I went down there.

I'm thinking aren't all thongs back thongs?

You know ladies wear far more than Rob and I, Erin.

I do.

I am a lady and I wear clothes.

You wear beautiful clothes.

I could clothe you in a ripped knee sock right now.

Uh, all right.

Bring it.

You know what?

Should we have a fashion show?

I could slam you.

Get drunk.

I could cut open a pig right now and clothe you in it.

I would just slap pork skin on you and it would be beautiful.

Oh my goodness.

Except she's not kind of hairy and doesn't have a unibrow.

Oh, no, we paint that on.

You know, I got a little dropper of roking.

We would touch.

What we would do is, well, you'd have a two-week sabbatical where you would come into the American Apparel Institute like Scott did.

It sounds like a vacation.

It's got to go into the agency.

I don't remember it.

Well, the great thing about it is that they're- Did you drug and rape Scott Ackerman?

No, wait, am I on trial?

Oh, no, you're not on trial.

It's not a trial.

If you're going to put me on trial, you have to do it according to the Canadian and Anglo-Canadian rule of law.

I just, to be honest, I have a missing period back in 2006.

Was it about two weeks?

It was about two weeks long, and I came home.

My socks were bloody, and I had a headache for about the next five years.

And you got drawers full of nude leotards.

You know what?

You pushed 50,000 units out of my stores those two weeks.

I hope that's not a euphemism.

We ran out of half-shirts.

We had no more half-shirts.

Wool, cotton, slop, any of them.

Slop.

Slop half-shirts.

Well, that's just the slurry of whatever's left over between all the different fabrics.

Okay.

We just stitch it together.

We pushed so much product, Scott, you were one of my magical ones.

Thank you.

I guess I shouldn't be thanking you.

I should be upset.

But that actually does make me feel good a lot, like their joke compliments did.

My thanks go to Rolf.

That was your advertising day.

Yeah, that was your nom de fuck.

Or whatever.

But yeah.

Dove, let me ask you about these charges then, because...

Charges, charges, charges.

A lot of people have come up.

They've said that you've taken advantage of them.

A lot of your employees have said that you've called them names.

One name in particular that we used at the beginning of this show, which people find very offensive.

The C word, as they say.

Oh, what are you talking about?

Cunt, cocksucker, I say it all.

I mean, these people...

Look, I'm a fuck...

Look, I'm in fashion.

But you're still a boss.

I am.

Look, the industry I'm in is sex.

Let's be honest.

So when someone's working for me, they're fucking sucking my cock.

Literally?

Well, there's only a formality that takes it from them.

Oh, we're just dancing around in theoretical dreams.

So really, the only difference between them sucking your cock is the actual cock sucking part.

She's sucking my cock right now, Scott.

To be fair, when I saw him outside, he was like, oh man, it took me so long to cunt my car.

Like, he just uses that word a lot.

Yeah, okay.

For everything.

I can understand that.

It's a lot like Tracy Morgan just using...

Exactly.

Just randomly talking about how bad gay people are.

Yeah, it's just kind of what they say.

You know, Rob, I could bring you into a store right now.

You know what?

I could put you in my American Apparel van and I could drive you into the van.

Hold on.

You just put people in your van?

Look, it's consent.

Look, he would have to consent.

He steps into the van.

What happens after that is up there.

You're going to drive my units or something.

Well, no.

What I do is I would take you to the Denver Five store and there's an underground complex there in the mountain and everything.

What?

There is?

Yeah, you know, it's connected to the Denver Airport and all that.

But yeah, we would spirit you away to Denver.

Are you a super villain?

I have a couple ideas.

No, I'm not a villain and I'm not super.

I'm flesh and blood.

I'm full of cum.

I mean, that's...

To be fair, he probably means confidence because he uses cum a lot too.

He was like, I need a glass of cum.

That's true.

Aaron, you said you have some ideas.

I had some ideas about why American Brown might be going bankrupt.

Oh, they're going bankrupt.

I have some theories too, yeah.

Or the vans or...

Do you want to talk about this?

Are you going bankrupt?

I had no idea.

I mean, that's why I'm being persecuted like this.

They sense weakness?

Look, I'm not weak, you know what?

Am I passive?

Do I flip-flop sometimes?

Do I get fucked?

Yes.

That doesn't make me weak.

So those coming up in American Apparel?

I would really be interested.

You know, my flip-flops are stupid.

I like to...

Wait a minute!

Whoa!

I'm going to paint on acrylic flip-flops to anybody who comes into an American Apparel store in the next two hours.

How much are you going to charge him for that?

Wow.

How much am I going to charge him for it?

Nothing.

I'm going to be face-fucking him while I paint on their fucking flip-flops.

Literally?

Or is that figuratively?

No, you can't just paint on flip-flops like I'm a fucking...

No, we're talking about the face-fucking.

The face-fucking.

Yeah, let's back up to that.

Sure, that's part of the bargain.

I mean, if you want to jump into it, jump into it.

I don't know about this.

But yeah, we're bank...

Look, we're not...

We're going to do everything we can to avoid bankruptcy and receivership where I'm like, if it happens, it's going to be under Canadian law or I'm going to pull every trick in the book.

Look, I have four judges that I'm fucking right now.

But, you know, they're taking me down the way they did Dominique Strauss-Kahn, you know?

We are just victims.

We are victims.

He was trying to help the poor people through the IMF or whatever he was trying to do.

I'm trying to help poor people who don't have clothes by selling them my stuff, you know what?

And people get jealous of that because they...

What?

They just want people running around in fucking three-piece suits or whatever.

I mean, that's what we get.

That's what Bijan wants.

Who's Bijan?

That fucker, he's dead.

What is the deal with your whole aesthetic with the young girls and, you know, it's sort of like the Fiona Apple criminal video?

How did that come about?

I mean, is that just what you're into?

Look, there's a lot of beautiful girls.

I try not to do anything with beautiful girls where they're going to be upset.

I mean, normally, if somebody's going to be elevated to the top of the Charity pyramid...

There's a pyramid?

Oh, God.

Is that inside the mountain top, too?

I'm going to...

Like, the girl...

Like, listen, the girl...

And it's not...

I mean, come on.

It's not just girls on equal opportunity.

Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, racially sensitive or anything like that.

Wait a minute.

You're...

It's not just girls...

You also...

Equal opportunity.

You're also like Filipino black men?

What do you say?

Look, any boy, any girl, whatever you want.

Well, you could be what?

You could be half Jew and half Argentine.

I don't care.

Karen wouldn't like that.

No.

Big problem with Jews.

Well, you know what?

I heard that.

It's fine.

I could convince you.

Thanks.

I'm dealing with it.

You are dealing with it.

You know what?

You want to deal with it wrapped in a sari that's made...

Well, no.

It's an American apparel cotton sari.

It's a summer sari.

Summer sari.

And it's spelled S-O-R-R-1.

That makes you laugh a little bit.

I can tell.

You find that idea humorous.

Sometimes I just like to sprinkle threats of an assault in some of my clothing items.

Well, it's good to have kind of a sense of whimsy about your work.

I'm wearing right now...

Here, look what I'm wearing.

I'm wearing a popcorn dick casket.

Wait a minute.

Hold on.

Look, there's a little...

I don't want to ask you what that was.

Real skimpy.

There's a unisex model and we also have a model with an actual cunt.

So if you're a guy and we want to know what it's like to have a cunt...

Why would you have a unisex model for a dick casket?

Well, you never know.

I'm not going to sell these bitches short.

The thing to remember is that...

Weekends are all made downtown.

That's true.

Sustainably.

Exactly.

Sustainable.

USA made.

You know we're not.

American blah.

Organic dick casket.

Environmental whatever.

Am I...

Listen.

I think you said it.

Exactly. Catchphrase, catchphrase.

Sustainable catchphrase.

All right.

Well, Dove, is there any last final word you want to say to people before we take a break?

Maybe an apology to Scott?

I mean, you know...

Well, an apology.

I see.

No, you loved your time with me.

You know what I mean?

You may not remember it.

I don't remember it, but I did have a happy feeling about it after.

I brought the ad.

I brought the ad from the Atlanta Creative Loafing.

Creative Loafing.

2003.

No, it's Creative Loafing.

Atlanta, 2003.

This is your spread.

It's on the second to last page.

Scott, you look dreamy.

It's Rolf.

See?

Rolf likes bracelets, double mustaches.

And Christmas.

Why do I like double mustache?

What's a double mustache?

And look, you're bent over two buckets of barbecue sauce.

Because it's fucking Atlanta.

Right?

That's true.

You're bent over two buckets of barbecue sauce, and there's mayonnaise dripping down from off-camera above you.

But he does look like he's got that faraway look in his eyes, you know?

He's bent over there.

He's thinking about barbecues.

That is the American Apparel Promise look.

That is the look of someone who's found salvation through Dove Charney's fucking asshole.

Your ass is way too big for those panties, too.

Thank you.

It works.

Well, it works.

He's wearing a freshwater kimono slip.

Freshwater?

I'm not sure how you got me on a plane to go to Atlanta.

What?

No.

It's a van.

We take...

Oh, that's right.

We take the van through the tunnel.

You were underground in the Denver Five store for a second.

We scrambled your fucking brain, whatever you want.

And then we take...

So I didn't just forget it?

You actually scrambled my brain?

Again, my...

I didn't repress the memory?

How much does that cost?

You want to have the procedure?

I might skip it.

Oh, shit.

All right.

Well, Dove, thank you so much.

Do you mind sticking around?

You're a fascinating guy.

Do you mind sticking around?

Sure, I'll stick around.

I'm sticking to the chair as it is.

I'm fucking half naked here.

That's all right.

All right.

We'll be right back to hear more about Dick Caskets and the like.

We have Rob Cordray, Aaron Hayes, and Dove Charney.

This is Company Bang Bang.

We'll be right back.

He said.

She said.

She said, I love you, baby.

I love everything about you.

I even love your handwriting.

Do you know what I mean?

He said.

Yeah.

She said, I love you, baby.

Just sometimes I'm not sure.

Sometimes I wish there was more.

He said.

Sure.

She said, when we met, I felt so good about us.

It was like we were on fire.

Everything about you, the lobe of your ear, was a mystery to be solved.

Do you feel it too?

He said.

Yeah.

She said, don't get me wrong.

I love you.

We're in love.

I even love our love.

It's lovely, but sometimes I feel it stop.

Do you know what I mean?

He said.

Sure.

She said, oh my god, it's true.

Things have stopped.

We've stopped loving and laughing and searching the way we did.

He said.

Maybe.

She said, it's me, isn't it?

I always do this, don't I?

I give and I give and I get lazy.

It's me.

It's my fault.

I've closed down, right?

He said.

Sure.

She said, will you forgive me?

He said.

Hmm?

She said, you're so good to me.

I don't know how I found you.

I don't deserve you.

Do I?

He said.

Hmm?

He said.

She said.

All right.

That is Bruce McCullough from the Kids in the Hall.

And I am Scott about this is Comedy Bang Bang.

We are here with Rob Cordray, Aaron Hayes and Dove Charney.

Yeah.

And you know, we haven't done this in a little bit or in a little while rather, but we recently switched over to EarWolf.com, got a whole brand new look and sex appeal to it.

I don't know what I'm saying.

And we have message boards.

Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.

And in there, you can submit your submissions, which is what you do with submissions.

You submit them.

I'm not going.

I've decided I'm not going.

Your pitch is terrible.

All right.

I'm not going.

Who are you getting this van with me?

I'd rather go with Dove's van.

Yeah, you know what, any submission that you have with me is going to be fucking fun.

I'll guarantee you that.

The way I'm saying it, it's not so much fun.

I'll put you in a stretch slim sling.

All right.

But what we're doing is a little thing called Jukebox Jury.

And we all know what we do with Jukebox Jury.

This is basically, yeah, we all know.

Aaron, you kind of gave me a look like.

Sure.

What the fuck?

I don't know.

Sure.

Jukebox Jury is where we play these songs on the show.

And I play them usually professional comedians like Bruce McCullough.

We just played something from his record.

But people say, how do I get my song on your show?

Play my song.

And I got tired of hearing that, so I set up something called Jukebox Jury, which is people submit their songs, their comedy songs.

And as long as they don't mind us listening to them and making fun of them, we will play their songs.

I love it.

So we have some submissions and basically how you do this is GoOnAirWolf.com and the appropriate thread under our message board.

And Engineer Doug, what do we have first?

First, we have the group The Most Best with Scotch tape in the workplace.

Now, much like before we start this, before we start this, this is a lot like America's Got Talent.

OK.

Where or The Gong Show, where no, it's not like The Gong Show.

One person can't gong.

We need two people to say, all right, turn it off before we can turn it off.

OK.

One person is really hating and saying, turn it off.

The rest of us can say, can just sit there and make them suffer through it.

All right, here we go.

I like it so far.

Yeah, hilarious.

Anything out of the normal for the workplace.

People pushing the boundaries.

Oh, fuck.

Yeah, if you rip into a boy a little bit too hard, just stitch him up with some Scotch tape.

Who hasn't fucking done that with any modicum of power at their disposal?

I like it.

That's not bad.

I don't think it's funny.

I just like trust me after it might sound repetitive, but after I get done with you, you're going to need a lot of Scotch tape.

12 more seconds here.

All right.

All right, they made it.

Not bad.

But here's the thing about maybe a comedy song, is that maybe you would want to understand the words.

You got to hear the words.

That's true.

I mean, this is how I like my comedy.

We have talked about this on occasion, about how the best comedy songs, you have to hear the words, they have to be clear, and you have to get to it and get out relatively quickly.

But like Scotch tape in the workplace, that does not really make me laugh.

It's pretty literal.

Yeah, I don't think...

That is something you'd find in the workplace.

Also, I think I've never heard a funny punk song, you know what I mean?

Well, the Dead Milkman has some songs like...

Did You Canary?

That was kind of funny.

Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, Dead Milkman.

Like, yeah, Punk Rock Girl was pretty funny, but I don't know.

If your store doesn't have Mojo Nixon, your store could use some fixin'.

Exactly.

It's pretty funny, but this is more like CBGB's punk rock.

Dead Milkman is kind of like novelty, too.

Yeah, or like Dynamite in the Face, or like the fucking Cat Pussies.

Yeah, man, it's all the fucking thing.

You just made those records.

You made those records.

Well, I do have a very late compliment for Rob Cordray, is that he has an incredible taste in music.

Really?

Yeah, man, that's his music.

Any suggestion from him you should listen to.

Really, what do you got?

What do you want, man?

What the fuck do you want?

I'll match it in my cloud.

You give it to me, I'll match it in my fucking cloud.

Really, all your music's up in the cloud?

Yeah, I have my own cloud, man.

Who's dub might want something to fuck to.

I'm going to call, I want to put you, Rob, I want to put you on a magazine, I want to rename you Ballissa.

Ballissa with a B.

What do I like?

He lives in a fucking cloud.

He likes record, he likes blank records, blank vinyl records.

No grooves at all.

No, he likes sidewalks.

That's true.

And he's a big fan, he's a big fan of sliding.

Ballissa, I like it.

All right.

It's a man named Ballissa.

So we have to vote on this, by the way.

Oh, what do we do?

Do you give it mustard or pants?

Oh, well, boy, oh boy.

In terms of an actual song, mustard's good, right?

You tell me.

Oh, right. Well, then I'd say, but in turn, mustard for, for mustard for the, for the actual music, pants for the lyrics.

Okay, Aaron, what do you get mustard or pants?

I feel, I feel pants, it confused me a little.

And then pants is bad?

I guess, yeah, like getting pantsed was never, it doesn't have good memories.

All right, Dove, how do you like to?

Well, you know what, I think I would have to give, I would have to give it a ripple, rippled wool on underwater bell bottoms.

Okay, great.

Covered, covered in Dijon Bijon.

All right, let's go to our second song.

Engineer Doug, what do we have?

This is Coitus Noises, who did Treasure Trove of Bitches.

You remember that song?

I do not.

All right.

This is So Much Pussy.

I fucking do.

Oh, here we go.

This sounds like a comedy song.

Mustard already.

Dove is really hard.

Look at him.

Oh, he's jacking up.

Oh, man.

Oh, shit.

It's going to go right through that casket.

You can come straight through it.

So much pussy.

Or gay through it.

So much pussy.

A lot of pussies coming our way.

Oh, fuck.

So much puss.

Oh, god.

So much puss.

Why are they so angry about it?

How much time do we have left?

Two minutes?

Six minutes.

Six minutes, okay.

I'll let this go a little bit more.

Now that sort of calmed you down a little bit.

Yeah, yeah.

I'll settle in.

He was scared it was almost over.

Well, I'm going to say no.

Yeah.

All right.

What the fuck?

What are you talking about?

I was about to blow.

Are you kidding me?

I want that song playing 24-7 at all of my stores on the East Coast.

The West Coast doesn't fucking get it.

That's an East Coast sound.

I want it playing from Montreal so loud you can hear it in Vermont.

I want that fuck.

I want to animate my mannequins in the front.

Acting out that fucking song and wearing cotton shoulder wings.

All right.

We got to vote.

Rob, how do you like to vote?

Ah, pants.

Pants on that?

All the way.

Yeah, pants.

They're so angry.

I feel like people who like pussy would be happier that it's coming their way.

Yeah.

These are giggling frat boys with great abs but a little facial hair.

And they're like, this is going to be fucking awesome.

The issue I have with it is they probably do get a lot of pussy.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

And what kind of- And you know why?

Because they're so cavalier about it.

What kind of better dick to suck on than a dick that gets a lot of pussy?

What?

You should know this.

We have to go to another song.

All right, engineer Doug.

Rob, don't betray me.

Do you want to vote, Doug?

What, do I want to vote?

I'm not allowed to vote in this country.

I'm a Canadian citizen.

OK, yeah, your votes don't count.

Here we go.

All right, what's next, engineer Doug?

This is T-Dub with 300 pounds of loving featuring Shannon Gaga.

We got a featuring on this, Shannon.

Featuring?

Is she a cousin?

I like it so far.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

They're dancing.

I like it.

Take your time getting into the comedy.

Oh, here we go.

All right, I'm ready.

You're ready?

I'm ready.

No, I want to hear more.

I want to hear more.

No, 300 pounds, fuck that.

So you actually don't like it.

Yeah, all right.

That's it.

Fucking fat pig.

That's it.

No, see, we're saying that the song's bad because of their stance against it.

No, ew.

Fucking fat bitches?

No.

So you're actually on the side of the singer, I think, is what you're saying.

Yeah, but I get his point.

I'm done.

He sold me.

Fucking cram the fat bitches out the fucking window.

I don't know that that was his point, wasn't it?

I don't know.

Like, I don't care that they're looking.

I will do you.

His point was to sound as much like Lonely Island as possible.

Here's what a lot of comedy songs, the tact they take, is they say they're really into something that is presumably disgusting in order to illustrate how silly it is that an R&B singer would be singing about something so disgusting.

It's good.

So there you go.

Mustard or pants, Rob?

It's good.

Fucking pants.

I hate you guys.

I didn't hate them, but I didn't think it was too original.

What do you got, a mustard?

No, I got pants.

You got pants.

All right, Dove?

You know what?

The only bitch I ever fucked who was 300 pounds was because I stuffed her into a window like Winnie the Pooh, and I just fed her honey while I was just plowing her from the back for like six months.

Six months?

Yeah.

Jesus.

No wonder you're going bankrupt.

It sounds like a really long hostage situation.

It's horrible.

She had all the fucking honey she wanted.

You know how expensive that shit is?

Of course I'm going bankrupt.

Honey is more expensive than gasoline.

I got a fizzy after two weeks.

I have a honey pump.

You got to work more in your factory and your stores than you do at the fucking honey pump.

I've got a honey pump in my New Orleans three store.

Again, I have more ideas about why you're going bankrupt.

Yeah, exactly.

I want to end this on a high note.

Let's do one more, Engineer Doug.

What do we got?

This might be good.

It's Shockey and the Mystic Defender with Saw Spas.

This sounds promising.

Yeah.

Groovy.

Oh, god.

Turn it up just a little bit.

Oh, fuck yeah.

Doug is into it.

Oh, yeah.

It's thrusting.

Are you the saw spot?

This is about you.

I am the fuckens.

I commission this fucking song.

Who did this?

Is this Flissy?

Sounds kind of like a parliament psychedelic.

Sounds like a parliament light being smoked out of a fucking pussy.

Oh, god.

I am not able to inhale with mine.

That's not a trick I can do.

Have you ever tried?

No, you know, good point.

You know what?

I'm actually pretty good at pussy CPR.

I could get you breathing in no time, bitch.

Hold on.

Only pretty good?

No, yeah.

No, I'm not fully licensed.

I got an amateur thing, internet, whatever.

Enough to be a lifeguard, though.

I'll get you breathing.

You want to breathe out of your pussy?

You'll breathe out of your pussy.

Trust me.

Here, come on.

All right, turn it off.

Oh, my god.

They're going crazy.

What is he doing?

It's just like...

Wow.

That's dangerous.

You could make a girl die.

No, no, no.

I see what he's doing.

Sure.

You're going to be able to breathe out of that pussy.

You think so?

God, anybody got it?

Just now does anybody have a parliament?

What a waste.

Well, I enjoyed that.

I wouldn't say it's necessarily funny.

I'm not sure what it's doing on the thread.

Because you couldn't really hear the lyrics except for sauce and boss.

The word sauce and boss are both funny and put together, they're double funny.

It was fucking hot.

I want that song playing in my mausoleum after I'm gone.

People walk in.

I want red and purple lights.

No pink.

Pink won't be allowed.

Red, purple, green lights going at all times for 100 years.

And I want that fucking song on a continuous loop.

It's like the eternal flame.

Yeah.

You know what?

My cock will be encased in fucking formaldehyde.

What?

Just that?

Yeah, the rest of it will rot to pieces, but there will be a fucking cock there.

Just like a big glass diving bell.

Yeah, it'll be pickled and it'll be fucking covered in cotton.

All right.

Like a cotton condom.

Wow.

We have to vote, by the way.

Oh yeah, I'll give that mustard.

I'll put mustard all over that.

Mustard, according to you.

Because mustard's delicious.

It's delicious, okay.

Any kind of mustard.

Erin, how do you like to vote?

I couldn't hear the lyrics.

I'm feeling a little pants across the board today.

Sauce boss.

I need a little bit more than sauce boss.

So pants is negative.

Pants is negative.

Okay.

I'm sorry, sauce boss.

I think we know how you do it.

I vote.

You know what?

I want to vote.

I want to vote not guilty on all charges that have ever been thrown against me.

And as a sovereign Canadian citizen right now, guilty, not guilty is charged.

I'm done.

I'm fucking not guilty.

What if prisoners got to vote on their own?

Like what if they got one?

Well, maybe they should be a fucking Canadian citizen who have a fucking racket with a thousand.

That goes on in Canada?

Is this podcast admissible evidence?

I'd say you're definitely guilty if they're able to use this.

If it fucking airs, then I'm not guilty.

If you suppress it, then you're part of the machine.

See, I think you think you've been defending yourself successfully this whole...

But you just said you kidnapped and raped someone in front of a honeypot.

Look, I want to give full...

For months.

I'm an honest person.

I give both sides the story.

I give both sides the story and I come to an honest conclusion.

I weigh the scales and you know what?

I think there's enough reasonable doubt there.

I didn't say she didn't want it.

They all wanted it.

You kidding me?

She wanted it like fucking Winnie the Pooh wanted that honey.

All right, let's do one more song.

I feel bad going out on that note.

One more song.

We're really getting our money's worth with Jukebox Jury this time.

I ripped Eeyore one too.

What?

I ripped Eeyore one too.

Eeyore?

Is that why he's so sad?

Yeah.

All right, here we go.

Engineer Doug, what do we have?

This is Born Again with Vodka and Jesus.

How did you pronounce it?

Vodka?

Okay, here we go.

Oh, the drink?

The drink, yes.

I thought it was like a...

The drink Vodka and Jesus.

Spanish for cow.

That's what I thought too.

Vodka.

Vodka Jesus.

Two things that you would think are mutually exclusive.

Vodka and Jesus put together in one song by Born Again.

Oh wait, hold on, they're whispering.

Is that what you say any time you listen to Iron and Wine?

I don't know, yeah.

Nobody's listening to you, Scott.

Maybe it's gonna explode.

No, but this guy can only play this.

Vodka and Jesus.

All right, turn it off.

Oh no, oh god no, oh god no, oh god no.

You guys are terrible.

But okay, hold on.

Let's take it back.

Let's pull the curtain back a little bit and say, how is it as music?

I like the music, but I like like fruit bats and Iron and Wine and Four Stars and I like all those guys that like just really speak it slowly to me.

Toss aside everything as comedy and the intended desired effect.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's how you like it.

I get a mustard, even though I don't understand a word they said.

And I probably won't like the second half of the song.

No, no, no, yeah, I will.

I'll give it a pants with like a touch of like a mustard stain on the pants.

Just like someone was eating a hot dog and drift down.

For the top two chords that are the only chords that Duke can play, you know that.

Listen, I'm a little bit scared about what's coming next because I said I like it when men speak it slowly to me and that was really, really.

No, yeah.

Are you drawing a caricature of her or what exactly is happening over there?

That's a vagina with legs.

Yeah, no, that's exactly what it is.

I feel like after we made my vagina learn how to breathe, things have really changed.

Well, you know what?

It's the vagina with legs, but it's also the all-seeing eye of Saren.

Oh, that makes sense.

Right, right, right.

Right. I mean, I just, I mean, I always think of pussies as like, you know, just like that all-seeing eye, you know, and just try to get there and throw the ring into it.

Yeah.

It's my journey, man.

How do you like to vote, Dove?

You seem, you seem a little.

I'm just trying, I'm just talking a little bit slow.

Yeah, you seem a little down, like, did you ejaculate?

I'm not down at all.

You're speaking it slowly to her.

Listen, look, I want to.

You're speaking it slowly to me.

Look, I want to just, I want to just clothe you in a bed sheet.

Rape charges aside, I feel like I'm like hankering for a unitard.

You know what? That's all in the past, you know what?

It's all in the past.

Let's forget it.

And the future.

Let's forget about all that stuff.

Well, look, but for right now, right at this moment.

At the present, it's not here, exactly.

It's the power of now, you know what I'm saying?

Don't get us down with past shit or future bullshit.

You know what I mean?

Right now, I'm not raping anybody.

That's true.

It's true.

About two seconds from now.

Right now?

No, am I raping you right now?

No, I'm actually not being raped right now.

I'm happy about it.

What do you want?

Here, just, why don't you just touch my finger?

That sounds like a pretty good deal.

Just touch my finger.

It's warm.

Yeah, see, you like that, right?

But then there's the motion.

There's the back and forth motion that's happening.

And it's a little too.

Oh, my God.

Please, please.

Oh, my God.

That was.

Oh.

Don't worry.

I'm done.

Is that what happened?

I'm done.

Yeah, I know.

You're terrible in bed.

Oh, it's terrifying.

I kept it in my pants.

You're terrible.

I'm just really happy that it's hard to get that dick casket off.

Because it didn't fully happen.

Yeah, you weren't even touched at all.

I was barely even touched because there was so many straps.

You weren't even really sexually assaulted.

It just was a very disturbing thing to witness.

You know what?

I think these girls, they don't have a case against him.

If that's how he's raping them, they do not have a case.

All of my clothes in the new line this fall, in 2011, all the clothes are going to be designed to disguise rapey behavior.

So it's like you could come really close raping somebody.

But the way the clothes are designed, you know, it keeps the cum from actually violating somebody or whatever.

Is that designed to disguise pedophiles, too?

Just like generally how they, you know, with their thin mustaches?

Sure, sure.

Put it in the kids' section.

Yeah, you know what?

We're selling like a giant...

You seem amused by this idea.

Well, it's great because we all get to be kids again.

We're going to be in the kids' section.

There's going to be a little apparatus with stilts, and you put a kid in it and you're not fucking a kid anymore.

You're fucking a six-foot-five creature.

No, I don't think that that would hold up.

That doesn't seem like it changes anything.

No, it certainly changes it in the eyes of maritime law through the Canadian justice system.

Okay. All right, guys.

Well, that does it for Jukebox Jury.

I think we only have one last segment on the show.

It's our most popular segment of all time.

I'm sure I've never taken any statistics on that, but I believe it to be.

This is a little something we call Plugs.

That's right.

It is the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs section.

I keep forgetting to say that.

We changed that a few episodes.

We never forget What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs.

All right, so now let's go around the horn.

What do you say?

Who wants to start?

Who has something really big, important they want to plug here?

Children's Hospital, Thursday nights.

At midnight, right?

Thursday nights at midnight, and then they rerun it.

Did you request that time slot?

It's a horrible time.

I would prefer 11.55, which seems more confusing, but it's so much easier to mark it.

Right.

Yeah, Thursday nights at midnight.

Didn't you say it used to be on Sundays and stuff?

No, we're still on Sundays.

We re-air on Sundays.

No, we just switched the nights.

We used to re-air on Thursdays.

I don't think that that's such a bad idea, because you'll get the same amount of- Our rerun got more viewers.

Yeah, you'll get the same amount on Sunday, and then you'll get the people who want to see it first on Thursday.

That's not bad.

All right, and that's on- Adult Swim.

Just watch it.

What's the name of your show?

Children's Hospital.

You were on it.

Oh, that's right, I'm on it.

I keep forgetting.

You're in the damn thing.

That was, and let me say, that is where I learned that if I'm in the middle of a scene where I am to be fake karate chopped, and the other actor real karate chops me for take upon take upon take- Who karate chopped you?

Rob Riggle.

I am too polite to say anything.

Ah, that's funny.

Oh, you just took it?

That's funny.

It does look really good and very real.

I feel like Rob Riggle should- Apologize?

He's worked a lot.

He should know how to make karate chop.

He's a former Marine.

He got super into it.

I loved we had a big sort of technical rehearsal of like, okay, here's how we're going to fake do it.

And he was like, okay, and I'll just do this and you'll fall back, but you won't actually fall.

And then as soon as they yell action, wah-boom!

All out the window.

And his character's name was Brock Stryker.

So when he hit you, he went, Stryker!

I think he was far more concerned about the Stryker sound coming out of his mouth.

I'm excited for that episode.

I think that- It's a good one.

Yeah, it's a good one.

When does that air?

When can people see me?

Don't we just, like you said, we just switched up all the episodes, so I have no idea what it is.

Erin, what do you have to plug?

I got Children's Hospital.

That's what I got.

Any movies?

Great show.

No, I've been calling Hollywood, but they haven't returned my calls for a while.

I'm like, hi, movies.

It's Erin.

Hi, hi.

It's getting awkward.

Yeah, it's weird.

I mean, people used to have answering machines.

Now it's voicemail.

I know.

So you're never really sure if they get it, but that's what I got.

You just have to go and sign up.

You just got to go to Hollywood and sign up.

Oh, crap.

I didn't know that.

I'm going to be shooting a Funny or Die video soon, so I will preemptively plug with Will Forte, so I'll preemptively plug that.

Check your interwebs in the future.

Returning to Parenthood at any time?

Weren't you some sort of- I wish.

I was on that for a little while, but then they- Friend of the show, Dak Shepard.

Oh, yes.

They had this other storyline with Minka Kelly, who's like my ten years younger, more attractive younger sister type.

And so I don't think, like, it's like, whatever.

I'm not, I haven't been back.

Ah, too bad.

Great show.

Yeah.

But we should get her on our show to be my- We're going to try and do that.

That's not bad.

Although she's got the Charlie's Angels thing.

She has a couple things that she does.

She's got a couple things like being married to Derek Jeter, too, right?

Is she busy with that?

I don't know.

I don't want to speculate.

I think they got married, right?

Really?

This is celebrity gossip, where none of us know what we're talking about.

Look it up.

But that's the one thing you don't want to do.

So that'd be very funny.

That's a very funny segment.

Minka Kelly, I don't know.

Gossip about people you have no- Interested.

Knowledge or interested.

Dove, what do you got?

What's happening?

I think I want to evaporate my character.

Oh, okay.

Hold on.

Whoa.

Oh, James Adomian's here.

Oh, man.

God, that was tough.

There's a little bit of a sonic boom every time I come out of Caring.

Hey, James, I want to say you were really great on Lopez Tonight the other day.

Oh, thank you.

Was that your talk show debut?

That was my stand-up late night debut.

You did stand-up on there last week, and you plugged the show, which was very nice of you to do.

I did, indeed.

And you were very funny.

What was the response from that?

The response was silence, basically.

Oh, good.

It was silence.

Did you call Hollywood?

Confusion.

Yeah, I just got a busy signal.

I'll give you the number.

Oh, yeah?

They may have given me the wrong number.

Is it a toll-free number?

Did Lopez call you over to the couch?

Because that's a star maker.

Cool.

Then you're a star.

He did, actually.

Then you're a star.

He seemed very nice.

He seemed into you.

Yeah, he was a cool guy.

Or confused about what was going on.

This is my man.

He left me a note backstage that was like, you go, girl.

Okay, I'll take it.

I'll take it.

Go. Sure, I'll go.

You were very funny, though.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

What do you got coming up?

I am doing two shows on Tuesday, June 14th.

That sounds like a two-fer.

Yeah, it's a two-fer.

And they're on different sides of Los Angeles.

Are you going to be like Phil Collins?

Flying the Concord back and forth from Live Aid, London to Philadelphia?

I'm going to hop in a Dove Charney's van.

Rob Cord, you know what I'm talking about.

I nodded at that.

Yeah, I'm going to fly.

I'm a fly man.

I'm always flying.

I'll be at Performance Anxiety, which is at Pleasure Chest, and then I'll be at the Downtown Independent Theater later on Tuesday.

And I have a bunch of other shows on my blog, jamesofdomeon.tumblr.com.

Cool.

And then I'm going to go to New York for a while.

Doing a bunch of shows out there in South, right?

Shopping Cat.

Yeah.

It's all coming up.

Awesome.

Well, we'll miss you.

I hope you come back and be on the show a few more times.

Yeah, but you know what?

I'll sneak in.

I'll sneak in in character, and I'll just pop up here whenever you least expect it.

We will only know it by the sonic boom.

I think I just heard something.

Should we take a plane break, or is James Adomian here?

Whenever there's an empty microphone and enough electricity in the room.

I want to plug this week on IFC.

I have, it's the repeat of the very funny Paul F. Tompkins episodes that we aired.

You may have missed them because I don't think I was able to plug it on this show.

But Monday and Tuesday on IFC, Comedy Death Ray, the former name of this show, and Paul F. Tompkins.

And then next week, starting next week, we have three solid weeks of Zach Galifianakis.

And those were really funny to do.

So those will be starting.

Those are Mondays and Tuesdays.

I believe six, or yeah, six to seven, and six to 730.

I don't know.

Go to IFC.com and look it up.

The Independent Film Channel.

Yeah, that is right.

And we're about to tape the Comedy Bang Bang pilot coming.

We're taping it a week from today.

Hey.

How about that?

Very excited about that.

Wish us luck.

All right.

And that is, that's it.

That's how you do it?

Yeah.

That's how we do plugs.

So if that's it, then this is all...

That's it.

This is all sort of an anticlimactic thing.

Yeah.

I mean, we could...

I don't know.

What do you guys want to do?

We're like super existential, just like you guys.

That's it.

What if we all just kind of like talking heads, just like walked out one by one?

Until there's just, you know...

Well, or we can just keep talking and get quieter as we go, like he's turning his down.

I have to pee.

Can I just go right...

Yeah, you just walk out.

Can I just go right here and just pee?

I would prefer not, but...

We're trying out the show.

Will you guys talk about me if I go pee right now?

Yeah, yeah, go ahead and pee.

I feel like it would be a conversation topic.

Go ahead.

Go ahead, buddy.

All right, yeah, yeah.

Go ahead.

All right.

See you.

See you, man.

All right, yeah, yeah.

Just switch it off.

One, two...

No, no, no, let's keep going for a while.

Okay.

All right, see you, man.

All right.

Listen, I got...

My wife is out with the kids right now, and so that means I've got like a couple hours alone without my wife and kids.

You want to go to Michael's...

You want to go to Michael's craft store with me?

Nope.

No, no.

What kind of craft do you have going on?

I'm saying you're eating into my free time.

You're eating into my me time.

Oh, I see what you're saying.

What is Rob Cordray me time?

I don't know.

I have no idea.

I'm going to like...

I have a bit of an idea.

Yes, yes.

Melissa's going to be...

Something I've been trying to get to all weekend and haven't been able to.

I have to...

I eke out my me time because I have two kids as well, like just by saying I'm going to go to the grocery store and bringing a book and sitting in the parking lot.

That's where I get my me time.

That's so funny.

Sandy spends a lot of time at the grocery store with my wife.

Because she's sitting in the parking lot reading a book.

She spends...

She can't read.

I don't let her read.

Interesting.

Maybe we'll make this a deleted scene.

And why? I don't understand why.

This is a deleted scene.

This is a lost tapes.

It's a lost tape.

No, let's end it up.

You know what?

Those last three minutes of the show were free.

You don't have to pay for them.

You're welcome.

You are welcome.

Are those free downloads?

We'll see you next week.

We have a great guest next week.

I think you're really going to enjoy it.

And I want to thank all of you guys.

You guys were fantastic.

Thank you.

It was a great show.

That was fun.

Really appreciate it.

And we'll see you next week.

Bye.

This has been an Earwulf Media Production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwulf.com.

Earwulfradio.com Oh, oh, oh.

The world's dead.
