Coming up on the show today, he hasn't been here in a couple of years, but he is back.

He's got the number one comedy album in the country.

Andy Samberg from the Lonely Island and SNL is here, among other surprises.

All up on today's...

Yes, thank you Reggie Watts for doing our theme song.

Welcome to the show.

I am the world famous scottabot, aka hot sauce man, aka hot sauce man.

Great show today.

We have Andy Samberg coming up.

He's right here looking at me.

But I do want to say, we're taping this a little bit in advance of you hearing it.

Of course it's not live, but today we start shooting on the Comedy Bang Bang TV pilot for IFC based on this podcast.

So wish us luck.

Give us good thoughts while you're listening to this and write to your local congressman and say, hey, what's up?

And I'm sure he'll get it, but why don't we get to the show today?

That's all we have to talk about at the top, right?

All right, let's get to our first guest.

He is there, you know, people throw around the term comedy superstar a lot.

That's where we're starting.

But I mean, to be fair, it is kind of true in a way because you're not only star of screen, meaning television screens, you have a weekly television show, which a lot of people don't have.

Sure.

Most of America does not have, but you also are segueing into movies.

We'll talk about that a little bit.

But then the third part of A Triple Threat is always singing.

Thank you for that.

And you have the number one album in America.

What?

Comedy.

Number one comedy album.

Okay.

But what are you in just general?

The album?

Yeah.

We were number three in the country our first week.

Three in the country.

Which given the current state of the record industry means we sold 23 copies.

But I mean, you have three different things, TV, movies, albums.

That's comedy superstar territory right there.

Let me say your name before we continue, just in case.

I know I said it in the intro, but Andy Samberg is here.

I'm so glad you got it right after that fucking wind up.

And here with me is Justin Bartha.

Oh, the Barth.

Who I adore.

Nice guy.

We went to NYU together.

Oh, I had no idea.

Or no interest.

I'm not sure.

Or I told you 10 times and you chose to forget.

Thank you for coming.

It's been a couple years since you've been here to the show and I always appreciate your company both in a professional and a personal level.

Thank you.

I concur.

All right.

We've agreed on that.

At least we have that.

But it's been a couple years and so much is going on.

I just want to catch up with you on a professional level of what's happened.

The last time we saw you, you were on a program called Saturday Night Live and you had one album out and you'd starred in a couple of movies.

Since then, you've just multiply that by two.

Exact same stuff, just the second time around.

Two Saturday, two nights.

Really less exciting and interesting, but certainly earning some stripes.

Also, last time I was on was with Zach and since then, his career has gone so downhill, like crapped out.

Well, you guys, you have very similar careers in the sense of you're both amazing successes at everything you do.

Yeah.

You're nailing it.

But no, look, I mean, you have put out a new album.

Yes.

It's a New York City Island record, Turtleneck and Chain, which we got to talk about at length because it's a great record.

You know that I love the first record.

I've played almost every track here.

I love that.

Did you play Normal Guy, the Normal Guy skit?

I don't think I played any skits.

I actually just played the songs.

Everyone hates our skit.

No, I love the skits.

The old saloon.

The old saloon is insane.

They're my favorite part.

We keep putting them on despite.

They got shorter on this record.

I don't know.

I expected more.

I wanted more.

I craved more.

We read too many reviews.

That's trouble.

Yeah.

You can't read your reviews.

I don't.

No.

Otherwise, I would stop doing this.

For comedy, you can never read them.

No one reviews comedy fondly.

Yeah.

Well, everyone has a different.

I mean, that must be tough because your record, okay, do you just listen to the people you respect?

Or how do you gauge the success of it?

Sales?

Or?

Kind of everything.

I mean, I think already just the fact that the second record outsold the first one.

Already?

In the first week.

No, I just mean like the interest was much higher out of the gate and we got more press and I just consider it a success already for what we were trying to do.

For what you can achieve with a comedy album today.

We didn't see it going any better, I'll tell you that.

In terms of though how well it's received and how people think it's funny or not funny, how do you figure that out?

It must be tough.

I remember Bob Odenkirk told me that it was tough putting out Mr. Show because he was the person who would have enjoyed it the most.

Right.

But he couldn't.

Right.

You know?

So is it like that?

Like are you?

I wish I could review the record myself because I would give it a fucking A plus.

No, I mean, it's interesting.

I'm sure you know this as well as anyone.

When somebody reviews comedy, especially an album where it's track by track, every single review we read was like this one's funny and this one's stupid and then the next review is like this one's funny and that one's stupid and you're like well so everyone kind of likes some of them.

Right.

And you can't ever really make everyone like all of it.

You gotta just do whatever jokes you do.

There's gotta be plenty of people out there who like all of it, just you're not hearing from them maybe.

Right, possibly.

I mean, you know.

I like all of it.

Well thanks.

I think also with what we do, so many people decide the funniest ones are the ones they've seen the video and it's like well maybe if you saw the video for that one you would also like that one.

So you know, there's different kinds of enjoying of a comedy record, especially when it's music like that.

You bring up the videos and it's very interesting because in the first record you made videos for almost all of the, not almost all the songs because you don't have the, there's probably like four key tracks that you haven't made a video for.

Yeah, there were a few we wanted to that we just never got to.

Oh really?

Like which ones?

Yeah, Dream Girl and.

The one that I really like about the, the Jeans, Punch You in the Jeans.

Punch You in the Jeans, yeah.

I love that you like that.

That's one of my favorites.

You know who loves that song and I don't mind going on record is Edgar Wright.

Every time we see Edgar Wright.

I thought you were going to say Ed Begley Jr.

I like to imagine Ed Begley Jr. loves Punch You in the Jeans.

Zooming around in his electric car listening to that.

No but Edgar Wright, yeah every time we see him, Punch You in the Jeans is my favorite song.

Yeah.

Well thanks.

Yeah, it's kind of Jurassic 5-y.

Yeah.

Produced by Newmark.

Oh really?

Who is their actual DJ.

I do, I'm going to write down topics I want to talk to you about because I have so many that I want to but I want to come back to them produced by, that's great.

But what I do want to talk about as far as the videos go, it's interesting because sometimes when you make a video for a song, it all of a sudden catapults it into a brand new level of like oh I get what they're trying to do which I think happened to me with the Jack Sparrow one.

I kind of got the Jack Sparrow one and I was like oh yeah I think it's funny and then when you did it on SNL, it just kind of clicked in my mind and everyone's mind.

I think that's one of the best examples of one where people are like oh that's so cool, it's Michael Baldwin, it's funny and then when you see him actually physically interrupting us and sort of dragging the video down into his Pirates of the Caribbean obsession, it makes it a lot more fun.

Right.

We get to see the reactions on our faces of being bugged and it becomes a scene instead of just sort of words.

Conversely were there any where you feel like you didn't achieve what you wanted to achieve with the video?

No, I mean some of them, there's a few songs on there that I really love that I think we may try and make videos for but I don't know that it'll be funnier for a video.

You know what I mean?

Sometimes your imagination is funnier than what you can physically put there but in general I think so far I would say every time we've made a video it's made the song funnier to people.

Oh cool.

Alright then, check.

And now going back to Produce By, I wanted to ask you because the album sounds amazing.

I mean it is a professional sounding record and it's a lot of times when people make comedy records they don't sound as good as the music that you're trying to parody.

You guys actually try to make it sound exactly like the music that's on the radio today.

Yes, for sure.

How do you achieve that?

Didn't you guys used to be making the beats yourself?

Yes.

I mean part of that is just that we signed a record deal with a major label.

So Yoruma used to make a lot of beats, he still does make beats and I think is really good at it but we are so slammed for time that he doesn't have time to just sit there and make beats as much as he used to.

Right.

Sorry, I'm backing up some stuff outside.

No problem.

I'm going to bring a couch in here, it's just.

Get comfortable, you have to.

It's a fold out so I might stay.

But yeah, once we sign with the label we say to them any contacts you have for beats that are in such and such a price range and they have.

What is that price range?

Don't throw it out there if you're not prepared.

We spend anywhere from like $500 to $10,000 on any kind of beat based on your advance on the record.

What is the cheapest beat that you bought?

I mean anything Yoruma makes because he's us and we kind of divvy it all out equally.

Do you know what the most expensive beat, you're like, oh this is too much money but we have to have it.

I think we pay, I will say this, we get good deals.

People are very kind to us because they get what it is and the artists we work with are very kind to us.

They don't rake us over the coals.

And you guys are used to negotiating just in your lineage.

You're saying because we're Jewish, yeah.

I mean I didn't want to.

Yorum is actually not Jewish and therefore is not involved in any of the negotiations.

He's the weak link.

Immediately caves.

Immediately.

Me and Keef have to come in and just drop the hammer.

So then take a song like I Just Had Sex.

You hear the beat.

Are you going through tapes and stuff and listening to it?

We get sent a bunch of demos, like producers and the first record we were in with a lot of good producers and this time even more producers were down to send us stuff and even higher profile producers as well.

So I Just Had Sex is a beat made by this guy DJ Frankie who did the Enrique Iglesias song that was massive this year.

Oh the Tonight I'm fucking you.

Tonight I'm fucking you.

So that one and I Just Had Sex and that song were in the iTunes top ten at the same time when it came out where you're like what's the difference at this point?

Like they're both kind of comedy songs.

Ours is just the only difference is he's saying his is a real song and we're saying ours is a comedy song.

Is the producer then like is he proud of like oh like was he sending it to you like hey do you guys want to do this?

We asked the label to reach out to anyone who had beats and was like hey would you ever be up for you know these guys using your beats so I think people sent them aware that we might use them.

There's definitely been a few times where we got our hands on a beat and the person was like like it came back and they were like wait what is this song?

Which is in my box on my what?

But I think I would think the success of I'm on a Boat kind of would make people traditional beat makers more want to work with you.

Yes.

I mean and also the fact that we work with such high quality like guest stars.

Yeah I mean we make a song with Rihanna or T-Pain on your beat now all of a sudden you can say yo I've worked with T-Pain or like hey not yo.

Is that how it's pronounced by the way T-Pain?

T-Pain T-Pain which is of course short for Trent Painovich.

Did T-Pain get a hold of you for this record and be like hey we made magic last time what's going on this time?

No but I mean we love T-Pain we'd love to work with him again.

I kind of I don't know I'm on a boat kind of worked out so perfectly with him I don't know if we ever need to like touch it again we kind of like drop the mic after that one.

But speaking of touching it again Justin Timberlake you had your second song with him on this record on Turtleneck and Chain and then a week after the record is dropped all of a sudden you have a new song which is now a single.

Yes.

With Lady Gaga.

And Justin Timberlake and I know that you were wary about kind of going back to that character and doing a sequel but now you've done a third one it's a trilogy.

It's a trill.

And each one funnier than the last.

Well that's kind of you to say.

It's terrifying each time we sit down to do another one of those.

Is that a kind of thing where like he's gonna host and he just comes to you and says okay well we're gonna do another one right?

Kinda yeah I mean the second time we met and talked about it and we were like should we do it again?

I was like I kind of feel like we have so much to lose it's such a risk and he was like that's why we should do it.

I was like oh Justin you are so winning.

You're so confident.

Exactly and then but he was fucking right because I'm very proud of Mother Lover and I think people enjoyed it.

I was listening to it yesterday with my wife and we were laughing so hard at it.

That's good.

You know what I love about it and this is one of my theories lately about comedy if you'd like to hear one.

I'd love to.

What I love about that record is you were both agreeing that what you're saying is a great idea.

Yes.

And so much of I guess I wouldn't even label you as comedy hip hop but a lot of people send me comedy hip hop songs and so much of it is the MC saying something offensive and then you as the listener are supposed to say oh well that's offensive I don't agree with that you're going too far.

Whereas you guys are having positive reinforcement which just makes it so much funnier.

There's something about those two guys that for us anyway we're just like as soon as we got back into them this third time it was like yeah it's good to see these guys in their fucking rainbow overalls like and it's because they just have each other's backs so hard against all odds in the face of the dumbest wackest ideas.

They're just like yeah we're killing it.

Such a great comedy perspective I mean it really and then you have Lady Gaga on the track which is the biggest star in music.

She's a treat.

She's a genuinely funny goofy lady.

She seemed really funny on the show like every sketch she was involved in she seemed funny to me.

She's having a great time.

Yeah.

I'll say that about Lady Gaga.

She's fun.

Was there any kind of back and forth about hey do you want to be on this and her not knowing exactly if the subject matter was right or anything like that or was that getting too much into the making of the bread?

No no not at all.

I mean Justin and I thanks for saying that making of the bread.

That's a phrase we came up with last week.

It made perfect sense to me.

I didn't question it for a second.

I was like oh that must be an old thing that people say.

No me and Justin actually were concerned that maybe she would because she's so major with the gay community and like it's not gay when it's a three-way is you could argue is the characters being homophobic even though the joke is they're clearly in love with each other.

Right.

So.

And that is something that is wrong.

No.

They're looking for any excuse.

I mean it's you know.

They're to be made fun of.

Scott you know my favorite joke is playing characters that are homophobic and making them look like morons.

You know that.

You know that about me.

Off mic as well.

I think we may have had a moment over there by the water cooler.

I may or may not have sort of air raped you by the water cooler.

But you know we're old chums at this point.

But anyhow yeah she didn't blink.

She loved it.

She never blinks.

Well not with those crazy contacts in.

But yeah she was super into it and she knew about the ones.

And she was great in it.

I mean her hook is great.

Her in the video.

She's just.

So funny.

Yeah.

She made so many little choices in all of her performances too that just kept it alive and made it more interesting and she was super funny.

Yeah great.

And that song is that song doing well as a single?

Yeah doing A-OK.

We actually posted an apology on our website to people who bought the record for it not being on the album.

But we wrote it like two days before it aired.

So it was just no way.

Describe that situation to me because you have a show on Saturday.

I think you said in the apology you wrote it on Thursday maybe or?

We wrote the song Thursday yeah.

And how does it all come together like that?

Well I mean a huge part of it is just because it has to.

We did shoot.

That's how I feel about this show.

It doesn't have to be good.

It just has to come out.

Yeah as long as it happens it exists.

And then you know only the gods can judge us.

And they will.

Speaking of Clash of the Titans 2.

Wait what was I going to say.

We actually shot the beginning of that video on Thursday morning with Susan Sarandon and Patti Clarkson.

With no song yet.

All we had was Your Mom Says Hi Jinx.

We just knew that's how we wanted the video to start.

So we wanted to walk out say yeah back in that ass.

Your Mom Says Hi Jinx and have you know Susan, Pat, Justin on the butt and Patti grab my junk.

And then it was going to go somewhere from there.

We didn't know yet.

And they were available thankfully.

Thankfully I mean and also a lot of they were only available Thursday so that was partly why we shot it too.

It was like if we're going to get the beginning of the video we have to do it.

What are they doing on a Friday?

What are their weekend plans?

Yo ladies got plans man.

But yeah so we shot that and then we went back to SNL.

Justin started blocking and then we went upstairs and started writing the song.

And he came up later and you know we just kind of locked it down.

And so Friday and Saturday then you're shooting the video during the day or when do you wrap?

Friday morning all morning and then Friday night we did everything with Gaga.

Justin sang temp for her.

Oh for her part.

Yeah and we shot with just Justin and I all morning without her.

Then she came in in the afternoon while he was blocking and recorded her parts up on the 17th floor in our writer's office.

Then she left and then I went down and blocked scenes with Justin and then we both finished and they set up all the studio stuff in the building.

She came back got into hair and makeup and stuff and we started shooting I'm gonna say like 1130 or midnight.

Any more details with this story?

I took like seven bathroom breaks.

Good good.

Six number ones and one number two.

That's a weird ratio to have I think.

Oh that's my average.

Okay.

So many ones.

That's gonna be on my tombstone.

Yeah.

So many ones.

Tell you what.

Let's take a break.

Let's listen to one of these songs we're talking about.

I love you.

Let's play.

I love you so much, Scott.

Let's play one of the ones that was that was on SNL just and then a little later we'll play one of the funniest tracks on the record but let's play Reba first with bonus track.

Bonus track Reba with Keenan Thompson.

Keenan, yeah I listened to this this morning and it made me laugh so let's listen to this and when we come back we'll have more Andy Samberg.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Bye.

Oh.

It's been a long time coming.

Two of the world's greatest.

America's sweetheart.

Miss Reba McIntyre.

Yeah yeah.

How you doing Andy?

We about to take it to the top.

Hit em Reba.

Haters in my face trying to keep me down.

But you know we keep on shining.

Here we go.

Two crazy big stars.

Two big stars.

Two crazy big stars.

More like with foot Kids banging on the door trying to interrupt But them autographs can wait cause this is way too strong I can't leave it alone because her pussy's the bomb Well my pussy is a bomb and that's a fact But these n-words keep on tripping Okay So I stay on my grind and drop these hits Cause I can't go back to stripping I'm free You're my undercover freak And you're my best friend But our families don't approve That's right cause I'm a city boy And I'm a country girl And I'll never leave your sweet balls blue Like because a girl like Reeva's got just what I need With big broad shoulders and a red ass weed And a penis Hot damn she fly All she wanna do is fuck me I'm a lucky guy I'm a guy too My friends think I should dump her They say she's a man who found a wig in a dumpster Your friends are smart Nah Reeves they're just jealous Cause I'm dating a star instead of hanging with the fellas Hanging like my nuts Word up they're just liars They can't believe that I can pull Reeva McIntyre I knew ever since I came out my momma's butt I knew I was destined for greatness Yes I looked in the dumpster and saw a wig And thought hey brother I'm gon' take this Tell em Reeves So I put it right on and took a stroll Right over the 30 Rock SNL I saw Andy Samberg and he thought I was Reeva And I made him suck my dirty cock Book book book So there you have it Two worlds collide with a new body and Clyde Reeva From haystacks to maybacks our love will survive For Reeva I'll ride till the day that we die I'm Reeva That is Reeva the Lonely Island Of which we have one of the members One third of the group is here Andy Samberg is here I am That sounds so I'm gonna mow your beaver I'm gonna mow your beaver Hey what's up man Hey That was just I thought I heard something It's out of your butt Alan Okay you are What's up There's this thing right in front of this big black thing Right in front of your mouth This is not the first time I've heard that What Sucking on a big black dick you know what I'm saying No I'm sorry Sorry Is that the door?

I don't think so It couldn't be the door This is supposed to be just a one on one Mono a mono Someone's knocking on the door Open the door would you Okay Would you open the door for me Oh oh Hello You don't have to keep knocking on it We opened it Oh I don't know I'm just trying to be polite Yeah come on in Take a seat Hey what's up guys Hi Hey Andy sorry Sorry this is I see You can just call me bro That's your name I know my first name's Cameron Cameron bro Yeah oh I just call him bro Hey bro Hey man so I got a bunch of good stuff for you Sorry about this Andy A bunch of good sativas Some indica's Some hybrids Yeah so this is I actually asked you to come after the show Scott you got your weed dude coming in their interview?

Yeah yeah he does Bad ass man Sorry I mean is there any way you can come back or are you Oh yeah yeah I could come back I'll see you guys later You don't have to knock when you leave yeah Oh I'm being polite man it's like aloha Same hello and goodbye Yeah you knock when you're here and you knock when you're Oh I just take Same thing as namaste Yeah sure man Yeah I don't know why I know that You're a Jew Yep yep Yeah you can spot that one a mile away Very astute bro Yeah hey use my name in a sentence like that Anyway just take a look at this stuff I don't want to come back because I'm on my electric bike and it doesn't have a full charge He's not Oh yeah can I just get a little bit of that Yes this is the new this is called um Meryl Streep's Bush and it's a pretty heady high I wouldn't like um If I may that's very nicely named because it looks exactly like it I know Wait a minute how What's up How Did you see it's complicated Oh that's right Yeah man I did DVD extras Yeah where it's just a shot of her vagina Yeah this is shot for close up for five minutes And let me tell you she has a huge bush Yeah and it's green And it's green Nancy Meyers went off the rails for a couple days Yeah Nice rejoinder There's a nice vibe in here you guys Thanks yeah we take the lights down we turn on the black lights Scott you want to buy some sweets so we can get them out here Yeah do you want anything Uh yes Yeah what do you want man Whatever Scott's having Oh cool yeah we have this one will be perfect for you It's called the uh second bar mitzvah Oh cool Yeah it's a little more expensive It's kind of a heady high I feel like the last one was a heady high What else do you have What do you mean by a heady high by the way Just like it like kind of fogs up your head and stuff Yeah most most weed does Yeah yeah it does And then we okay so then we got this other one this is this is called um the ipad And that's kind of a heady high I uh it's something you know I wouldn't I wouldn't like go out in public after smoking the ipad But like Why do you call it the ipad What features or characteristics does it share with you It's got a touch screen Oh Yeah weird I don't think that's true Well I mean touch it and All right I'm touching it and nothing's happening All right the next one is uh the next the next one we got is called um Um uh paintless paintbrush That's a long name for weed Yeah But it's fun to think about after you've bought it Paintless paintbrush Yeah okay hey I don't name them I feel like you guys are looking at me Who does name them do you have a guy that Yeah well I just bring all the different strands to my guy What's his name I just call him bra Okay But his first name is Derek And oh is that him out there Yeah Oh this is the guy back here of your couch He was my couch is almost here by the way Oh god I can't wait Oh you ordered a couch this place could use a couch It could right I know um so why do you have a guy who just names your weed Uh well we went to high school together and he's just kind of good at naming stuff And he was always like he named our band What was that what was that called White picket fences Yeah he nailed it Of course it was one of those things for like hours we were driving around It was like maybe that could be a band name maybe that could be a band name Right And then when we got back home to my parents house he was like what about white picket fences And we were like bra you nailed it Derek bra Derek bra Yeah yeah yeah You nailed it And um and then you know as we grew up and moved into the industry of weed he became the namer Yeah how'd you get interested in this industry by the way I've always had an interest in weed Yeah Um you know and uh my uncle was a grower Not a shower No he had he was uh he would only he's dick got bigger when it got hard Yeah that's okay Sure it's got I'm gonna just stop us right here I kind of feel like the weed guy has um commandeered my interview Yeah yeah actually can we just get a little bit of that and a little bit of that Yeah We'll just uh No problem Wait but wait wait wait Call it a day I know I just said that but what is that one called right there This one Yeah Yeah uh Alec Buttwin Yeah that doesn't look very good Good job on Derek bra Because yeah hey man once again I could go through all these names You don't have to like them at all because I didn't name them Totally totally You know all of our judgment Scott free on this one All of our judgment falls on Derek bra Yeah yeah Cool well we'll just take the two that we mentioned and then Yeah sure wrap it up Yeah let's wrap it up Do you just want to put it on my account or Yeah we'll put it on the comedy bong bong account Cool Bang bang Okay cool man Bong thanks thanks man nice to meet you Yeah nice to meet you guys too so what do you do You can just take off the headphones and Yeah just like rise uh Yeah You know I think you will all we will all rise up In the face of Jah in the face of Jah Jah I don't think Jah needs us to rise up yet I mean I What do you mean he's always asking for us to rise That's what Jah does man he asks you to rise up You know speaking speaking of Jah that your Ross Trent song You did a really funny uh Ross Trent song about uh It was about all the kind of cliches that uh That uh white guys who are into that kind of music Yeah Sort of like that like but you you I noticed the new record You don't do a lot of those types of like sound alike stuff Yeah man what the balls Um yeah you know it was just like certain people out there Just like a little too much into weed and Yeah It's just annoying Those people are annoying It's like sometimes they smoke so much they can't tell when like Maybe they're not wanted Oh god the worst Yeah The worst Cool cool So what was happening with that song Why aren't there more songs like that man Hey Andy I'm gonna turn down his uh I'm gonna turn down his headphones Okay Let's just whisper to each other Okay just for one second Yeah let's make sure that we don't we're not too loud I don't think it worked I turned out my own headphones Didn't work Okay Yeah man let me turn them back up Okay Okay I hear both of you guys really well Okay that's great Okay here's say something bro say something bro say something bro Sure man Okay cool yeah we all hear each other Everybody's hearing each other Okay Wait I'm gonna turn off the lights Okay yeah there we go let's mellow out man Cool Okay they're off This is what we meant to do right Okay yeah put your hands in each other's face Whoa What Andy What Andy Where are you I'm sitting on your lap man Oh dude Turn on the lights turn on the lights Whoa You guys are a blast man That was some real pig panther shit Yeah Clue stows Yeah Nope Missed again Did I?

All right well it's cool seeing you bro it's great seeing you and we'll you know cool buddy Yeah man are the Apple sisters here?

No they have a they record at a different time Oh Yeah they're funny check out their show yeah check them out Yeah There are some fine ladies Cool well if you're gonna hang out do you mind if I just talk to Andy here for Oh no no no go ahead this is cool this is cool it's like being at the window of the today show You don't mind Super similar Except see like they Al Roker cannot hear you know what the people outside the window are saying That's how this is different Yeah they don't have cans in their own microphone Yeah It could replicate Could you turn my cans up?

Can you jack his cans?

Can you jack up my cans bro?

Wait you're bro Yeah Yeah I'm bro but Are you talking to yourself right now?

When I say bro it's the it's the royal bro Got it Good to know Still like Prince William Yeah totes bro All right that guy's on fire right now Oh man he's got so much slaying he's getting so much I mean okay You know what he's doing?

Slammin' salmon Yeah All day Great movie Great movie Great movie better body part Soundtrack Oh yeah body part All right so just kind of hang out bro just kind of hang out and chill It's cool if you light up and you know we Okay It's cool but just like I'm in the middle of an interview And this guy's not a cop right?

He has to tell you if you ask him I know So ask him Are you a cop?

No I'm not Okay yeah he's engineered You bought that?

Everybody bought that?

I mean it's not he has to tell you unless he's lying it's he has to tell you Yeah like a vampire can't come in your house unless you invite them in Yeah although that's fake and the cop thing is very real Yeah Yeah That's fake I've had vampires come into my house through all kinds of ways that I didn't invite them One time the vampire was all hey uh can I come in?

I was like no and he's like oh I'm just gonna come in now I'm already here Sounds like a friendly vampire Weird though because my foot's already through the door What if I just come in and slip by you?

I'm just gonna head on in Oh yeah man he's smoking Okay all right cool he's gonna be occupied here for a second Okay great All right so Andy tell me about your influences My lighter's a little busted just keep talking Okay so I know that you were really into like early 90s hip hop, ice cube What else you got?

Tell me about your influence Far Side Far Side is really distracting Yeah Can I light that for you?

Yeah man that would be great Great Just the lighter's a little There you go Wow Did everybody see that?

Yeah he activated the lighter and flame came out Yep let me get here let me take the lighter from you Just real quick No when you take the lighter from him It went out yeah I was lighting it for you Oh god it's weird I use matches and butane Maybe you should go get some of those matches and butane and leave the two of us Wait a minute did I just hear what I thought I heard?

Hold on we gotta do something Sorry Andy this is a little part of the show Anytime we hear a plane go by we take a plane break So nice Just kind of hang out for a second Cool is it always this song?

Yeah yeah well we're gonna have to sing it So just follow my lead Okay We'll be all right but There's two weeks in a row we had to do with Mulaney too I can't believe it I'll try and do I thought we were in a no fly zone All right you almost ready?

I'm all the way ready All right the lyrics are taking a plane break Okay Okay I'm gonna scream first though Okay here we go ready Yeah And Taking a plane break Taking a plane break Taking a plane break Taking a plane break Taking a plane break Taking a plane break Taking a plane break Taking a plane break All right that's plane break Cool Cool buddy That song sounded like it was gonna get real rocking It was about to Yeah it was like breaking down there was like a guy singing I'm sure he had long hair So influences you have What the Onyx What are you into?

You wanna talk about Onyx?

Let's talk about Onyx only Somebody's under the influencer Wordplay One for Bloomberg Zero for bro Bloomberg?

Andy Bloomberg Yeah well that's better than what you usually get Sandler Yeah I thought you were gonna say kike fuckhead Look out I like this cans thing with the mic man I can tell I feel like I'm good at it It's kinda like having a sidekick that I never asked for I'm your Robin Quivers I don't remember Robin Quivers talking quite this much Yeah I remember it Yeah So speaking of Sandler though Now you're in a movie with Sandler You're about to film it right?

What's it called again?

It's called I Hate You Dad For Now I Hate You Dad For Now So he's gonna grow to love his dad That's a long title It's a lot like that weed Yeah it's about you man You don't gotta put it on me it's about you Look I like you so let's just keep hanging out That sounds like a deal Awesome You don't hear friends say that a lot to each other You have to be open with one another In this digital age It's so easy to just retreat Totally So you're filming a movie That's exciting right?

Big major motion picture Are you top lining it with That's a fancy variety term Are you above the title?

I can say that I hope that it makes Bafo Bucks at the box office Is it Lensing and Gotham?

It's Lensing It's in Massachusetts though You know an awful lot about the entertainment industry Yeah well My uncle was a grower But here so He got variety And he was also a shower of movies He would grow and then he would show movies On the wall of his Dick On the wall of his dick And on the roof of his balls Sure The old ball roof And in the basement of his taint Taint ref Do we have to sing a song for that?

Can we?

Oh Scott can we really quickly talk about how Yes In Spin Magazine when they did Did you talk about this on your thing already?

I think I've talked about it on one show yeah Isn't that terrible?

It made me laugh so fucking hard For those of you listening who don't know what we're talking about Okay so Spin Magazine did a oral history of Mr. Show And they had pictures of all the People interviewed And I get it This is my first time in publication That I've been reading since 1985 or so I opened it up And instead of a picture of me it is Akiva Shaver And they have fact checkers That fact checked Every single thing I said in the interview It was a crazy in depth great article And no one ever checked that The picture was me And I still don't get how they got you though cause I did like A google image search for you Expecting maybe a picture of you to come out I'm blanking on the name but you know the image Getty images or something like that Apparently it was just mislabeled on Getty images Cause you guys don't even look all that much alike Yeah I mean I guess If you don't know us all that well You go oh yeah sort of but I got I literally got hundreds of emails Including one from you And one from Akiva Just saying ha ha ha So fucking funny I mean it's bad enough you guys are more successful Than I am You're more famous but you got to lord it over me How do you measure success Scott That is true only God Or just money I guess Weed You can measure success in weed Oh you're still here Yeah I let you guys think that I was gone But I'm hanging out But I'll go I'll go No no no no Are you sure I feel like we're No yeah leave I'll stay We'll tell you why don't we take one more Break we'll play a Deeper cut from the Lonely Island record This is Japan Which is one of my favorites Straight for the jugular And this is Japan From Turtleneck and Shane When we come back we'll have Hopefully have lit that And we'll have more Andy Samberg and more Bro This is Comedy Bang Bang We're Bro Oh I can't believe we're in Japan Look at all the whites The food The people We're three Cool white friends in Japan Japan We've never been to Japan So we wrote a song about the Three of us in Japan And our label has to pay for it Here we are at our Five star hotel One from Lost in Translation In Japan The views are amazing and there's champagne waiting Because that's how we wrote it Yummy And now the label has to pay for the video And pay for everything That we say For example I'll be getting A massage right now And I'll be drinking some sake So expensive Here we are at the most expensive Sushi restaurant in Japan And now we're at Tokyo Disneyland And now we're in Hawaii for one random shot That our label has to pay for Because we're Three cool white friends in Japan In Asia The fact that we're white isn't why We're friends but we are white And we're friends In Japan At this point in the video We'll be super drunk Standing near some kind of dragon And then we'll buy some stinky Used girls panties Out of one of those pervert vending machines Now we've seen Two more wrestling lives Unless we get Dropped by our label Those were three white Douchebags in Japan It's all part of our Master plan To get some much needed R&R At the expense of Universal records Wow, look at all this Japanese money It's called yen I heard it's worth more than American money Let's dump it in the river Moshi moshi Guys it's the label, this video is really expensive Bye Pokemon Dump it in the river A rental car Dump it in the river This old guy Dump him in the river And now we're flying home first class Yeah That is Japan Off of Turtleneck and Chain, and whose favorite song is that?

That's right Literally, that's right Okay, so during the song we were talking We were listening to it and chuckling obviously As all the listeners were, but We were also saying that you wanted to order a pizza Because you're super hungs I am a little hungs, I can't I can't explain why I'm suddenly so hungy I said that it would be okay And I would pay for it as long as We could call live on the show here And if you said You have to drop that it is you In the conversation, you have to say my name is Andy Samberg Yeah, I'm gonna do it How many times do I have to say my name?

At least two, but I would have given away a higher number I know, but I'm kind Mercy is my weakness Alright So if we can get that going What place are we going?

What do you like? I don't know, what's the jam?

What is the jam?

Domino's is good because The odds they'll know who I am are very low Okay Alright, so let's get that going And we'll hear it on our headphones, right?

They'll be able to hear it through the mics What about my cans?

Don't blow this You're gonna appreciate the pizza when it gets here More than any of us Is there something that I can do if he's dropping his name?

I don't know that address Oh, I got it Okay Oh man, what if they don't pick up?

That would be so typical Hi, this is Andy Samberg And I'd like to order a Delivery?

Yeah Hey What's the number?

The number here is I got Yeah, that's our number too No one knows what's going on right now What's your address?

The address is This is Andy Samberg And we'll bleep that out Wait, did you hear what he said?

What's your name sir?

That's Andy Samberg Yes Okay Andy Samberg Do you know Andy Samberg?

I got it Do you have any room number?

Yeah, number 11 11, okay What kind of pizza do you want?

The Andy Samberg special AKA a pepperoni pizza Is that what everyone wants?

We have a large mushroom A large mushroom and pepperoni please Okay, what about like Alright, yeah Cool Have you ever heard I'm on a boat?

No Just one pizza Yeah, that's perfect Everyone's agreed on those toppings?

Thank you so much So it's 17.55 Don't you want to hear the order again?

I feel like we should hear the order again I feel like we should hear it What if he messes up the order?

That was successful I can't believe that he put up with that I know He's like the odds that this is a prank order are like 150% I've had I used to hang out over at Brian Posein's house all the time and we would order food every night and it got to a point where he would order Chinese food and have people like hanging up on him because he would call it the mongoloid beef instead of Mongolian beef and they kept correcting him and he'd say no, I want the mongoloid beef and they would finally just hang up on him So I'm surprised that guy took it They should have just made a new dish Did you hear that?

No, that wasn't a plane, that was a truck We don't do anything for trucks Here's what we traditionally do, we say truck It's the same thing you guys do when I talk Alright, so here we go, we have a new feature on the show, are you guys ready for this?

Yeah I don't think he was asking you This is a little something that we call Hollywood Facts Well it's Hollywood Facts Wait, sorry Sorry, sorry I thought you were putting me on the spot This is kind of cool Hollywood Facts and we're going downtown, Hollywood Facts and everybody calm down Check out the Facts, it's the Hollywood Facts Did I mess it up?

No, no, no, it's great Is that how you usually do it?

Actually I think that you're on the track now It's the first time we're doing it so I think you'll be in the If we could do it again I could give you like a whole song Yeah, yeah, let's do it again, here we go Nice Well it's Hollywood Facts and we're going downtown, going to Inglewood now, everybody do your facts know your stars, there's glitz and glamour and lots of bars get a drink, at a club then go walk in front of Chinese theater, Hollywood Facts, take out your dick Check out the Facts, it's the Hollywood Facts, bro All three of us are on the track Yeah, nice, your weed guy's on the track Yes, this is fun I don't know if you should re-use, I don't think you should re-use that I think we should Well play it by ear Were the levels okay?

Yeah, levels are great If you need a good mastering guy I know a guy that can master that Is it T'Pain?

It's T'Pain Alright, so this is how we play this I'm going to read some Hollywood Facts and they may be true or they may be false How do we know?

Well I'll tell you after you vote Are we taking turns or is he going to try and like answer before me and ruin my answers You know what I'll do I just want to know how we're going to play it We won't score this Just give me your opinion and we'll get a general sense of who's going at the end Hold on one second, I'm getting a page Do you need to take that?

I just got to see what number is coming up Who's it from?

It's from Bra Does he have a new name for a weed?

No, he just wants to know where I've been Because I was supposed to go You got to get back to him, man Are you bro and bra? Is this a Tyler Durden?

Oh man You nailed me right away That arrow hit me right square between the eyes For some reason I thought you said Tyler Perry and I was trying to figure that out in my mind Well Tyler Perry, he's Tyler Perry and Madea, that's true You finally found some common ground A high five was had here in the Earwool Studios Alright so here we go, these are some Hollywood Facts, they may be correct, they may be wrong I'll ask you true or false But we'll know because you'll tell us Alright, is this true or false?

Over 50 little people Were hired to play Munchkins in The Wizard of Oz That's definitely true False is correct No, there was over 50, just they were normal sized Dorothy and the rest of the cast were all Giants actually Oh good Bro, again I want to thank you for stepping on Ackerman's Punchline Hey man He did take time to write these out Yeah I know And I'm helping take time To be honest, not a lot of time Time nonetheless Well I haven't taken any time to think about this I am a little closer to death after having done it Here we go, alright True or false?

Harrison Ford, Harrison Ford Big Hollywood Star, was discovered while Working as a carpenter on the set of Star Wars True or false?

He's working as a carpenter on the set of What's the other movie?

American Graffiti False, you're right it is false But no, he was discovered When he shaved off his beard in the second act Of the Fugitive, and people said Oh my god, you look like a movie star Asshole Am I not going to get a chance to answer You did answer, I heard you You said false, check the tape Did I? Yeah, asshole Here we go, number 3 Okay yeah, I think I did, you're right Who do you think they're going to believe?

Well Probably him, because he has a tape Alright, number 3 Tom Hanks lost over 50 pounds For his role in Castaway False, because he Gained it True It is false His head, Tom Hanks' head was Actually photoshopped onto Ali McBeal's body Is that true? Yeah, that's a joke from the 90s Are you sure that you took time To write these out? I'm not sure You might be freestyling I think we were doing better when I was stepping on your punch line Any deep Ali McBeal Cuts you want to dig out of the Crates? Oh man, that dancing baby Dancing baby Alright, here we go, true or false Mark Wahlberg wore a fake prosthetic Penis in Boogie Nights I think that's true No way man, false You are correct, false, he wore The fake prosthetic penis in The Good Guys But he only took it out during his close ups Do you mean the other guys?

Fuck Take 2 If I try that again I could step on the punch line False, he wore a fake Ockerman As promised Okay, I didn't take a million years Or do any kind of fact check, but who am I, Spin Magazine?

Whoa, low blow Double reverse burn Classic Ockerman Classic Aux Alright, our last one In Star Wars, in the Star Wars trilogy Chewbacca was played by a man In a Chewbacca suit, true or false?

It's true False, again that's CGI Neither of you are correct, it is false But Chewbacca was played by a Wookie in a Chewbacca suit Seriously? Yeah, they got a different Wookie And they had to put a Chewbacca suit on it He had to pretend like he was Chewbacca the Wookie He was actually Franklin the Wookie Yeah, see that's the problem So that is a little something that we call See, this was both informative And instructional You think it was hotter in that suit? Those two things Instructional and informative I think it was hotter in that Wookie suit because he was a Wookie underneath Hotter than it would have been for a normal person probably, yeah That's two layers Thank you for answering my question It's like a double decker taco You've gotten really surly since you've taken those drugs Well, weed makes me pissed off It's not having the desired effect Stop smoking it, yeah I feel comfortable in my angry pieces of shit Alright, well that is how you play Hollywood Facts Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood wants to go to California Hollywood Hollywood is Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood, she belongs in California What is the fuck is this song Yes All right, what the fuck is that that's our Hollywood theme, you know the outro, you know, it's great You write that and now I'm saying it. No, that's you know, it's awesome about the show All the music that goes between the segments is so nice and lengthy Speaking of which I think it's time to play our final game here You guys ready for it and the very first time we ever played it was your first appearance on the show Really? That is true. So here we go. It's time to play would you rather. Yeah Please keep going So long I would have been really psyched if there was five Yeah, I you know, yeah there is A little bit more first. All right, here we go. Thanks, man Can you turn my cans up Oh That's enough really careful what you wish for I think Yeah, man. All right, this is a little more little bit. Would you rather of course?

We all know how this is played listeners send in their would-you-rather scenarios to Twitter at CBBW IR That is at comedy bang bang rather not bong-bong and I will say the scenario I will then open the floor for questions You can ask me any question you like about the scenario and to narrow down your choice Because I have all the information here in front of me And then at a certain point I will close the floor for questions and then you will vote and then we will tally up The points and see who won and how do how do we know that's pretty clear? I think I don't think I spaced out I got pissed off. All right Here we go. This is at Tyler Keene Tyler Keene asks Would you rather the first 15 seconds of every sentence you speak sound like a didgeridoo or You have bananas for hands All right. I'm opening the floor for questions. Would you rather the first 15 seconds of every sentence you speak sound like a didgeridoo or Would you rather have bananas for hands? I'm telling you this. I'm already leaning towards don't redo Don't do that. Don't why don't what early don't you dare? Don't you dare vote early? I'm not voting I just need to clarify. It seems it's this one seems cut and dry Don't you dare vote early?

Can you start your sentences before you get to people?

Or do you do they have to sit through 15 seconds every time great question You could however you never think of anything to say until you see someone and it always reminds you of something that you want to Say so you got to sit through 15 seconds. No as far as the bananas go Are the peels like gloves and the banana on the inside is your actual hand? That is a great question Yes, of course when you go to a fancy dress party you put the peels back on Oh, so most of the time the peels are off. Yes, exactly. What's the time you have peel sticking out?

This is just adding to my case that this is cut and dry. Yeah, that's a really good question, bro Thanks, man. Oh, you're talking to me. Can can your bananas get squished though and like lopped off? Great question Is that so much easier than a real hand?

Your your bananas could if anyone ever were to try to cut them. Yeah. Yeah, I got it So that's saying yes, they would squish as easily as your average banana as your average banana. Yeah. Yeah I'm gonna go back. No, don't do they grow back. Do they grow back like worms?

Yeah, the great question. Of course. Yeah, if they ever get squished or lopped off they grow back Now we now we're playing with a different way. That's why you that's why we play the game I also will ask you this do they rot?

Yes, especially if you leave your hands in the refrigerator. They go bad quicker. Oh, man, that's gonna be a problem. Yeah sense Do bananas go bad faster in the fridge? Yeah. Yeah, they turn brown. Yeah, man. They do bro I don't keep my bananas in the fridge. I guess for good reason. Yeah, you can't not in this climate Okay, and Can you can you Shape the bananas and use like hardening solution to make them more like a dildos or a dildo. Yeah Of course, yeah, you can lacquer them up question is could would you rather have banana dildo hands Well, I mean if you wanted to dildo for a hand But if you were so inclined to make them into dildos who would want a dildo for a hand you want bananas for hands No, I don't know. I feel like I've seen that on real sex on HBO. Oh, yeah A bunch of people you may have been watching Edward penis hands. I may have been watching that again Did you ever see that classic classic porno movie from 1989 or so? I haven't seen it But it's I mean, it's what it sounds like right? You're everyone's seen it. Yeah, everyone in the world has seen it No, no, I mean, what's it about my uncle screens it?

Wait, so it's just a guy with dildos on his hands It's a parody of Edward scissorhands videos and he's like pumping the dildos in and out of ladies Yeah, and they squirt on to them and are you hearing what I'm hearing?

Damn it. Yes Yeah, all right, we'll do a short one, okay I don't think music and short on this show exists. They gotta cue me on the screen. Yeah, am I loud? Yeah Yeah, there we go. Turn my hands out. I got the intro so long. It's great See Any movies you've seen recently this sucks. Why'd you start this? Yeah, I thought tree of life It's so people aren't bothered by the the plane sound you guys see tree of life. It's very helpful But I feel it's coming right? All right, we got a screen. Here we go All right, great plane break guys, is that another plane I think it was No, it was not I'm gonna make a judgment call and say it was not a plane break I don't want people to get sick of plane breaks. We just had one last week and now we have two All right misjudged the room Doesn't feel so good does it The fact that you're constantly misjudging the room. Yeah, man. I know I'm misjudging the room in every room I walk into you're just you're just plowing through it with confidence. Oh, yeah cheer. Yeah, I like that. Yeah I like it. All right, guys, we got a vote. We have to so I'm glad I'd rather Didgeridoo didgeridoo and why is that because I want my hands to do what touch boobs?

All right, and bro, how do you like to vote didgeridoo and why it's harder to deal with weed with banana hands But don't you think that like every time you would go over to a customer's house, they would get sick of you Oh, never mind. Um, burn. Well, you know, do you want to finish that question?

I know this guy's Yeah, bro, oh God, all right. So You both voted the same way. So that is a tie. All right, let's go to one more question Here we go, Steve the danger Steve dangerous All right. What's his name at Steve? I know this guy. I know Steve dangerous. He asks, would you rather have hemorrhoids?

Would you rather have hemorrhoids and only eat hot Cheetos or would you rather look identical to Osama bin Laden with hemorrhoids?

Man this is a classic dangerous question. This is actually a no-brainer Okay, well, I'm opening the floor for and I'll tell you why well don't please Osama bin Laden lose the game if you vote right now Osama bin Laden eats nothing but Cheetos So it's basically the same thing So it's basically hot Cheetos or cold Cheetos and look like Osama bin Laden. I think he means spicy Cheetos No, no, no, that's why you have to ask. Does he mean spicy hot? No, he means heated up Cheetos in the microwave That's a very common thing. Yeah put into Cheetos soup Now when he says look like Osama bin Laden, he means like really look like him That's definitely a plane guys. That was not a plane. That was a truck. All right All right By the way donate to our new studio if you just want to stop hearing plane breaks We're doing this is being recorded out of a hotel room at the Ramada near the Burbank Airport You guys have like sound proof fish things. I know I don't know what they're I don't know what their purpose is. They were put up I guess for the other rooms in the complex decoration You know, I think it is I think it's to deaden the sound into the mics and I think it's doing a great job I'm right, right. I think it's too dead in the comedy engineers and it's doing a great job All right. Any other questions other than the how hot the Cheetos. Yeah. Yeah, what do you got bro? Well, uh The hemorrhoids are the first question because you're gonna end up with hemorrhoids either way, right? Sure So if you have do you have Osama bin Laden's health care as well?

Like the people that were caring for him in that in the place his insurance his insurance Do you have do you have a stack of porno? Is that what you're asking me? Yeah Exactly. Yeah, you have everything Osama bin Laden had because everywhere you go people treat you like Osama bin Laden Or his ghost because they know he's dead now. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's different Yeah, so but you know, you've managed to convince your followers that they missed and this raises a really interesting question Which is if you have hemorrhoids in this life, do is your ghost have hemorrhoids?

That is a great question in the scenario where you only eat hot Cheeto soup You have hemorrhoids as a ghost and as an angel depending on your belief system Got it. But when you look like Osama bin Laden you ascend to heaven and you lose your hemorrhoids you lose the ghostly veil Do you get the 72 virgins? Yeah, you get it all man. You get everything. They were right. They were right They were right about it all so funny how that's like pretty much all we know about Osama. It's the 72 versions That's the only poll. Yeah, any comedian has That is the only reference I am comfortable making To your shade I could make a bunch of ones that are wrong. Sure. Do you get Osama's jeans his denim collection?

I thought you meant like his DNA. Yeah, both. Do you get his DNA and his denim? Do you get his winning personality?

Do you let he left a little sample of his DNA? Yeah, cuz when you're that charismatic when you're that charismatic You can charm your way past some hemorrhoids sure. Yeah, man. You just bypass them into squeeze in here There's some angel just like that vampire booty Yes Slip the room Got a foot in the door already I'm a vampire That great question You are a vampire in that scenario. You are. Oh, wow. You are not in the hot Cheetos scenario Okay, so your assignment line is a vampire you live forever. You're not Osama bin Laden Come on, bro, just hemorrhoids and vampire. You look like can you call me by my first name when I'm in here Cameron I'm sorry Cameron you you look like Osama bin Laden, but you are not him But it's like a moon over Peridot thing where people treat you like it So I just want to make that clear. You are not he Nice moon over Peridot did not familiar with that. That's all I know not familiar with that reference. I'll say that that's man in the iron mask, right?

You guys all set to vote. Here we go. Ready? You said it was pretty clear-cut Andy Yeah, but then you got some new information. We're on the edge of our seats. Okay. How do you like to vote?

Definitely vampire with hemorrhoids. That's not Osama, but who looks like Osama No, the other you said one is just hemorrhoids one is just hemorrhoids Who eats hot cheeto soup who gets hemorrhoids when he goes to heaven? Okay, that's one scenario Okay, the other is hemorrhoids looks like Osama bin Laden Or the other part is a vampire And does loses his hemorrhoids when he gets to heaven and gets the 72 virgins. Oh, I take that one you take that one Why is that? Well, cuz you get to be a vampire, which is badass. It's true You get very in right now. You get to look like Osama bin Laden the dream And You get a sweet case of hemorrhoids you get to eat as much hot cheeto soup as you want and As little too because the other guy has to eat it So yeah, you get to eat it as much or as little and you lose the hemorrhoids when you go to heaven and you get To have no hemorrhoids while you're porking a bunch of verge That's what it's all about. Yeah, that one became very clear in the end. All right, bro, her Cameron. Sorry. How do you like to vote?

I disagree with whom with With a good mr. Sandberg I Know you know, that's not my name. I know but I think that the listeners will find it amusing What purpose does having you here serve other than that I don't know I Go with the hot cheeto soup, okay I like hot cheeto soup and I don't mind hemorrhoids So wait, but you can have it all in the other scenario, but I don't feel comfortable with the Osama stuff He's also he's bummed out to lose the hemorrhoids when he goes to heaven. Yeah Well, once they become a part of you, he wants to hang on. Oh, yeah. Yeah. All right, Andy Can you like let me explain my own?

I'm sorry. I feel like I'm pretty eloquent the the the Bloomberg part of me just wants to get in there and lawyer. I Understand it defending my client. I I get it. Are you done with your with your voting?

Your explanation is at its end. Yes. Thank you for asking me like that let me tally up the points because you voted differently you were tied before and Unfortunately Cameron here voted correctly in the last one. And so he is the winner So sorry, fuck that. So at a score of that's embarrassed three to zero that was that last one was worth three. Yeah Uh, why would you do that to me Scott? He is the winner. So sorry, and that is how you play. Would you rather cool?

Here we go All right, guys, that is we're running out of time came all the way over here and you fucking gave it to the weed guy Hey, man, sorry, but that's it. You know, I gotta be fair. I gotta be tough You're the only person in the world that hates the weed guy. You think that he came? It's not true. He hates you You're the only two people in the world that hate the weed guys. Not true. The engineer hates you This is the only room I've ever been in where everyone hates me. Hello everyone. I was just walking through the neighborhood I thought I'd pop in the window and let you know I hate the weed guy. Oh, thank you, sir That's for I love that guy. What's that guy's name? Did you first of all that guy was wearing old-timey everything?

He beat his head in a newsboy cap. He threw me a dime Scott what other impressions what impression do you have up your sleeve that hates the weed guy that you can do real quick? Oh, okay There's of course like hi. This is Gilbert Godfrey and I hate the weed guy I've been in the antechamber this whole entire show and I am now going back in it Well, I tell Gilbert Godfrey I'm not a fan of his Aflac material. He's gone. Well, he's gone from Aflac, too Yeah, good. Yeah, you're happy. All right, guys, we just have the last thing to do which is of course a little something that we call plugs This had to be the week that someone writes a really long one Two plane breaks. I like it Hollywood. Would you rather and a really long plug scene? All right, I'll shut up someone made this Oh good Oh, that's not us by the way I Was gonna say did someone did you get a lot of these sent in and then you choose the one you're gonna put on Well, well engineer Doug sifts through the many submissions to find the best ones and that was so submitted by Andy Serkis I'm not doing anything lately. Let me write a song. So engineer Doug all of these today were your call Yeah, I did want to say it is it is the what's up hot dog Memorial plug song by the or section by the way What do you guys have to plug in? You guys have any shows to plug any of course Andy?

We know turtleneck and chain is out there on iTunes and all your major Portals. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you can get that in all the portals And what else you're going back to SNL this year, um, yeah next these you've been by the way You've been doing a lot of stuff in the live show this year, which I really I want to compliment you on you've been Stepping up your game in that respect. I've really been enjoying that. Thank you very very much Trying so that means a lot any Many thing any dates any way any videos. What are you doing? I'm the chief shark officer of shark week Okay, good. I think that starts July 29th. Well, where can people see that animal planet discovery discovery. That's right They wait a minute shark weeks not on animal planet It's on discovery man. Well as fierce bidding war dumb Straight up dumb. I think you're dumb. I know I know most people do wait No, you said that we're the only people who think you do No, you're the only people that hate me. Most people think I'm dumb. Oh, excuse me. I was in the neighborhood I just wanted to swing by and say fuck the weed guy. Good day Hey, I wanted to come back here and say I'm Gilbert Gottfried and I think you're dumb. You don't have to introduce Hey, what's up? Y'all? I just wanted to swing. What's up? Fuck you weed guy. This is Shaq saying have a good Christmas Hey, this is sex older brother sex sex I in between playing the sax. I like to come by and say I also like to play the trombone Well, what are we talking for you? I just popped in a neighborhood and I hate everyone in here. Who's this?

That's that's me. That's just I knew it was you. That's dead you charlatan. See you later Shaq and sack All right, we got do you want to plug anything you have any I got a new strand I got a new strand that'll be coming out soon the bra name that bra named. Mm-hmm inspector widget, mm-hmm, and that's a pretty heady high and That should be out soon All right, and I what am I play I play I don't have any dates coming up Oh, we're taping the comedy bang bang TV pilot So we'll let you know how that goes and doing a little mini taping here with our guests here today I'm very excited doing a little bit in something we're doing So I appreciate that and that is it for the what's up hot dog memorial plugs Oh, but feel free to go to earwolf comm we have message boards there now So you can comment about this episode over there. So and leave us a good iTunes review Yeah, and also don't be a fucking dick in the message boards you guys Yeah, how did you know? It's enough. It's enough guys vent your anger at your spouse Also learn how to spell the word faggot. So like if you're gonna call us that spell it, right?
