---
layout: page
title: 11. Doug Benson,Rob Huebel [152⧸21195].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Good day indeed!

It is 12 noon Pacific Central Time, this is Scott Aukerman and welcome to Comedy Death Ray, the only show on Indie 103.1... yeah, that's it, the only show.

No, we're the only show that plays comedy songs, has comedians on, it's great to see you, it's another fine Friday, a sweltering Friday here in the city of Angelenos.

On the show today we have Rob Hubel from Human Giant will be here, the Scalar brothers will be calling in and doing a sports report.

I will be telling the tales of what I did this week, very exciting stuff, but first let us turn our attention to my special guest in the studio for a change all afternoon, even after the show ends.

No, I have to stay longer?

You guys validate, right?

No.

Please welcome Doug Benson!

Yay!

How are you buddy?

There's two other people in the room besides you, just so that people know that it wasn't like a bunch of people.

A bunch of people standing around not clapping for Doug Benson.

How are you Doug?

I'm doing great, it's fun to be back in here, I've done Joe's show here at Indie 103.1 in the past, and many other things in this room.

Many other things, including shows.

Yeah, yeah, other shows, yeah, so it's good to be back, it's fun.

Normally you do, you call in from the road.

That's right.

And you give your I Love Movies report, which I have to say we are going to be doing a little later in the show, but you're going to be doing it live.

Oh, it's going to be electric excitement, fantastic.

There's just a different energy when you're here in the room.

Yeah, yeah, it's going to be great.

Like we can understand what each other is saying, because whenever I talk to you from like a cell phone on the road, it's horrible, never works out.

Why are you not on the road today?

What is happening in your life?

I canceled all my road work to just like come in here in person and talk to you.

We appreciate it.

Yeah.

No, I just didn't have any work this weekend.

I'm doing stuff, of course, you know, constantly keeping busy, but it's nice to be off the road for a couple of weeks.

Now two weeks ago, we tried to call you, but you gave us a fax number.

That's right.

But you rebounded from there.

You know how they have the fax number on the phone in the hotel room also, and I just, you know, because, you know, you're constantly telling people how to fax you at a hotel.

So yeah, so that was my screw up.

And then other times we've had, you know, there's the time difference can screw us up and of course the aforementioned cell phone.

But like last week in Las Vegas, I was on the cell phone, and so that was...

Now why were you in Las Vegas last week?

This is an interesting story.

I played in the Annie Duke and Don Cheadle Ante Up for Africa poker tournament.

I played in the poker tournament, and when I met Don Cheadle, he gave me the fist bump and said, I'm sick, there's a reason not to shake my hand, and then everybody's hand after me.

So Don Cheadle doesn't like white people or me white person, specifically.

Is there anything about you that maybe he didn't like or had he met you before?

Well Sarah Silverman introduced me to him, so maybe that's part of it.

You know, maybe he's like, oh great, another Jew.

No, I don't know why.

It was just funny timing.

Like I think the other people, he had to shake their hands because you don't tell Matt Damon I have a cold.

You just shake his fucking hand.

Right.

Language!

You can swear in here.

Hello.

This is the first time I've done a show in here where I could swear.

It's exciting.

Oh wow.

This is an historic show.

Doug Benson is swearing for the first time.

That's really good.

Now you played pretty well, right?

I did alright.

I got to like 28th place out of a couple hundred people.

That's not bad.

And at one point I was on the featured table sitting across from Jason Alexander and Charles Barkley.

And featured table means like, you know, ESPN's shooting it and you have to show your cards to the little camera hole.

And so that was really exciting.

I thought I'd never be, you know, I thought I'd have to get to the final table to be on camera.

But then at one point they just moved me to the featured table and then I knocked out Charles Barkley.

I knocked him out of the tournament.

Oh, the tournament.

With a one-two punch.

Yeah.

With one hand he lost to me, a big pot, and then the next pot he went ahead and went all in and I called and I beat him on that one too.

Wow, what did he have?

Sent him packing.

Oh, it was the dumbest like, it was the dumbest call because I had, I had like Jack, the first hand I had like Jack King and there was a Jack on the flop and two little cards.

And then he calls me with a pair, calls me all in all of his chips with a pair of sixes.

And he had a few more chips than I did.

That's why I didn't get knocked out completely, but I got a ton of his chips and then I just finished him off in the next hand.

The story- But calling with the two sixes when there's a Jack on the flop was just ridiculous on his part.

The story feels like I'm reading the poker column in the LA Times.

Which you don't do because you would find that boring.

You asked me, I told you.

One could generalize- Ask me about another city.

Ask me about a place where there's no poker.

Well where were you the week before?

You were in Kentucky or something?

Oh, Louisville, Kentucky where I did the morning TV show, Fox 41, good day- Fox is all the way up on 41 out there.

Louisiana or whatever.

Yeah, yeah.

They got some good placement.

Fox doesn't have a good, you know, but it's on the dial, it's three, you know, like it doesn't make any sense at all.

So Fox 41 had this old guy, this old newsman, Barry Bernsen, who just like was very dry and he was, it was his job to interview me and Graham Elwood who was there at the time with me as well.

And so I, normally on morning TV, they don't say a word about Super High Me.

They don't talk about pot.

They just ask me about best week ever.

They just say, what do I think of Paris Hilton?

Or something.

Yeah.

And they asked me what I think of Paris Hilton and I have to dance around the word whore.

You know what I mean?

It's all very nice and happy.

So hard to do.

And morning, it's so hard to dance around the word whore.

That's my autobiography title if I write one for someone else.

And so I thought it was going to be one of those interviews where he was just like, and the guy clearly didn't know me or my career, you know?

But then we sit down next to the good old Barry Bernsen and he goes, first question out of his mouth.

So I hear you smoke a lot of pot.

Did he throw you for a loop?

Did you know he was going to talk about it?

No, I was very happy.

You could probably see me getting excited.

I got to throw this thing on YouTube so people could see it, but because they gave us a CD of it.

And he says that to me.

And then after we talk about that for a little bit, then he goes, well, you know, marijuana is the number one cash crop in Kentucky.

Like the guy who knew everything about it was totally maybe even a stoner himself.

So it was so awesome.

And then we're driving home from that appearance and I'm feeling good about, you know, bringing drugs to Kentucky.

And then we pass a mural, like an underpass mural that actually said on it and had like depictions of people doing it.

It said juggle dreams, not drugs.

Oh.

Had, wait, had picture juggle, like had pictures of people juggling their dreams or not juggling drugs.

They had pictures.

That's the thing.

People pictures of people juggling dreams, but I want to see these, these drugglers.

I want to see these guys.

Drugglers.

Yeah.

That'd be a great act.

Like amazing Jonathan's just throw around like a dirty needle and a, you know, a hash pipe and a third thing.

All right.

We're going to have more with Doug Benson coming up all throughout the show.

But after this, we have a very special guest.

You'll hear a little bit more about him.

I want to tease him, but I can't.

All right.

Let's listen to another song.

This is Jizz In My Pants by the Lonely Island.

Any one of three one comedy death ray?

Now.

Oh, track two.

Yes.

Oh my gosh.

Professional operation.

Black eyes from across the room.

Down my drink.

What the rhythms boom.

Take your hand and skip the names.

No need here for the silly games.

I just write in my pants every time you next to me.

And when we're holding hands.

It's like having sex with me.

You say I'm premature.

I just go with ecstasy.

I wear a rubber at all times.

It's a necessity.

Cause I jizz in my pants.

I jizz in my pants.

Yes I jizz in my pants.

I jizz in my pants.

I turned on everyone's but mine.

This is Scott Ackerman trying to operate the board and talk at the same time.

Smooth.

JB Smooth.

Very funny comedian.

Hopefully he'll be in here one day.

And speaking of transitions.

That's all you do when I'm on is pine for other guests.

Chris Pine.

Oh, you gotta get him in here.

He could really.

Alright, we have Doug Benson in here all hour.

How are you, Doug?

I'm good for the whole hour.

We have something, this is a sticky situation, no pun intended, because our guest, our fellow guest in the in the studio today is actually a police officer.

And Doug, I guess I didn't think about having a police officer in here.

It's cool.

Just talk to him.

Don't let's not let's not get into it.

I'll talk to you while he's here.

Yeah.

Let's just move along.

Officer officer.

This is Officer Dick Butterfield, correct?

That's correct.

Have your name right?

Yep.

This is the service that the station is entitled to do or is forced to do every hour.

We have to do about five minutes of public service.

So Officer Butterfield, the station told me I had to have him on and you're here to discuss summer safety.

Yeah.

Thanks for having me.

First of all, Scott, I was laughing, Doug, because I have no no beef with you.

You know what you do, your lifestyle, that's your business.

I'm not here to bust you or harass you.

What would you bust him for?

Were you listening to the previous segment?

I know what you're about, Doug.

I know.

I know what your lifestyle.

I have my doctor's note.

OK, yeah, it's absolutely.

You're not here to override the I'm not here to do that.

That's not my that's not my thing.

No, you're not here on federal business.

Truth be told, I'll tell you that I'm cool with it.

Really?

Yeah, I'm cool with it.

You're cool with drugs.

No, no, I'm cool with the drugs that Doug Benson does.

Oh, I'm not cool with all drugs.

But I don't I don't I don't think it's cool huffing.

I don't like huffing.

What's what's funny?

That's the third thing the juggler can the druggler can throw around is a bag for huffing.

Well, we can make jokes or we can be serious.

So you don't even like to go in the Huffington Post.

That's how against it you are.

Like I said, we can make jokes all day long.

Anyone can make a joke.

Remember that Hey, Kaziria show?

Anyone can make a joke about drugs.

I was trying to be cordial to you, Doug, so you didn't feel threatened by me.

What I'm really here to talk about are summertime safety tips for the public.

Obviously, some it's great because it happens to be summer when we're recording this.

Some people may be listening to this from the podcast in the winter.

Well, this applies.

This applies.

I mean, you know, the easy way that I try to remember this program is summertime is the perfect time for a violent crime.

Oh, and so that's sort of the slogan and the LAPD presents and so what they've done is that's on the side of their cars now.

Like I said, we could make jokes all day long, guys.

We could all joke around.

Let's do that then.

Sounds like a good plan.

Let's go that way.

Great.

Okay.

You know what?

Because I don't have to do this.

I was told to do this.

My apologies.

What we do here, it's a comedy program and we tend to make light of things.

I wasn't told it was a comedy program.

I want to apologize for that.

You were just told to come in here from noon to one at some point.

I wasn't told it was a comedy program.

We're taking it easy on you.

We haven't even said a word about your name being Butterfield because it's a great name.

That's why we haven't said anything.

Yeah.

We have a lot of respect for you.

What I would like to do is just present my information.

Oh, you're just going to plow through?

Yeah.

Go for it, Dick.

Your name is Dick, right?

All right.

You know what?

All right.

I'm just going to do this because I care about the public and I care about preserving public safety.

We're sorry.

I just want to apologize for myself and for my guest, Doug Benson.

We don't need to treat our guests like this.

If you would, do us the honor of just telling us...

What I wanted to do was have a dialogue about violent crime in the summertime.

What I wanted to do was present some helpful information for you guys because summertime, obviously, kids are out of school, it's hot, there's a lot of traffic, tempers flare, and so violent crime skyrockets in the summertime.

What am I talking about?

I'm talking about muggings.

I'm talking about home invasions.

I'm talking about car jackings, okay?

Pet explosions.

Wait.

Pet explosions?

A pet explosion is when someone on purpose explodes your pet.

Explodes their pet or your pet?

Either way.

It's a crime and you shouldn't obviously...

Who is out there?

We'll get into that.

We're going to get into that.

Okay.

The list goes on.

In the summertime, child burnings go way up.

Child...

Where people are burning children?

Oh, God.

No, no, no.

This is children...

Oh, that would be horrible.

This is children burning adults.

This is where a child comes up to you and you're not expecting it, and they light you on fire.

Oh.

And that happens a lot in the summertime because all these...

The children are out of school.

I hate to swear, but all these fucking kids, yeah, they're out of school, they got nothing to do, they got lighters on their hands, so they light adults on fire because they think it's funny.

Do you have kids?

No, I don't have kids.

But you've been lit on fire.

I have...

It's happened.

What?

You don't have to talk about it.

No, I will talk about it.

I can just tell.

We'll go back and I'll talk about it.

If I could just finish the list of a couple more crimes that are on our radar and just be on the lookout this summer.

Elderly stabbings.

That's...

Wait, that's...

Now, okay, I have to assume from your pattern that it is an elderly person stabbing someone.

That's correct.

Okay, good.

Is an elderly person stabbing usually a child?

Another...

Oh, a child.

No, usually a child.

Yeah.

Ironically enough.

Huh.

And then the last one that we see that goes off the charts in the summertime is self-drownings.

Self-drownings.

And that's...

How does that work?

Well, we'll get into that.

But let me just start...

We're gonna get into a lot of stuff later.

We're gonna get into all this stuff.

But this is gonna be fast.

Is there alcoholism in your family?

There's a lot of alcoholism.

By any chance?

Yeah, there happens to be.

What is your point?

I just don't really have one.

You know, I didn't come...

Now that you mentioned it.

Well, I didn't come here to get fucked with today.

Oh, my.

Are officers allowed to swear that much in a public thing?

You're off duty, though.

No, no, I'm on duty.

I'm on duty.

You guys, stop saying duty.

That's true.

Please, Officer Butterfield, continue with what you're...

Okay, these are just some simple tips to keep in mind during the summertime.

Muggings, the easiest way to prevent yourself from being mugged or one of your loved ones.

Don't go outside.

Okay?

In the summertime, it's tempting to go outside.

You don't wanna stay inside all the time.

Don't ever go outside.

That's a good tip.

I've got your back on that one.

If you do...

If you have to go outside in the summertime, the best word of advice I can give you is don't let anyone get behind you, ever.

Always just spin and rotate around to make sure that no one's behind you.

If that's too complicated for you, then just run.

Everywhere you go, run.

And again, there's laughter.

I hear some tittering.

I apologize.

I hear some laughter that's...

I don't think the first part was funny at all.

Just stay at home.

That's great advice.

All right.

Thank you.

All right.

So what's next on the list?

Home invasions.

Running was ridiculous.

You know what?

You put the dick in ridiculous.

Yeah.

He puts the dick butterfield.

All right.

One more crack and I'm out of here.

Okay.

I'm going to say that right now.

Okay.

All right.

Then pull your pants up.

That wasn't a crack.

That's a fact.

That your pants are hanging kind of low.

This is the most sophomoric show, and if you don't know what that word means, look it up because it's a word.

Sophomore.

You're the second Dickie B that I've done radio with here.

I learned that word in high school.

All right.

Home invasions.

Okay.

Smart guys.

Home invasions.

How do you prevent a home invasion, Doug?

How do you prevent yourself from someone breaking into your home?

Stay home.

No.

Same advice as the last one.

No.

Just be there.

No.

Make it near the door.

No.

That's terrible advice.

What you want to do is build an elaborate burglar system.

Burglar system?

Well, now what would that be?

Much like the movie Home Alone.

What is a burglar?

Have you seen the movie Home Alone?

I have.

Okay.

Sir.

So paint cans.

How dare you impugn my- Exactly.

Paint cans.

Pound effects from old movies.

Sure.

Things that you can- Oh, the kid went and got those and then used them?

Look, I'm just telling you, rent the movie, okay?

You put something- You put something, yes.

Continue.

Sure.

Something sticky?

Sure.

No.

Continue, sir.

We're on the edge of our seat.

So like, oh, I know where you're heading.

You jizz all over the entryway so that if the wet bandits come in, they can't move because your jizz is all over the floor.

Sir, we're here on the edge of our seats.

We want to hear what you have to say.

Please continue.

I was going to say, in the movie Home Alone- When they have their burglar system.

Yes, go on.

The actor Macaulay Culkin- Bowling balls.

You got to get bowling balls.

That's right.

You do need bowling balls.

Macaulay Culkin, put something.

Yes.

Put something.

Officer Butterfield, everything okay?

You know what?

Let me just say this.

The easiest way- Okay.

Here, I'll skip to the end of that.

The easiest way to prevent a home invasion is just to move.

Just move from your house.

Then you're not going to get robbed.

Let's move on.

When you're moving, you should run.

Don't move slowly.

Absolutely.

Car jackings.

You guys are so smart.

How do you prevent a car jacking?

Anybody?

Anybody at all?

Doug, anything?

How do you prevent a car jacking?

Never stop the car.

Yes, speed everywhere.

That's a lot like running.

Or you can try to make your car invisible, much like in the TV show Wonder Woman, how she had an invisible plane.

Oh, right.

They're kits that you can buy.

More like that James Bond movie where he turned his car invisible.

Exactly.

Explosions.

Okay.

How do you prevent those?

Someone comes up to you and they put in an explosive device.

They strap one to the belly or the anus of your pet.

Guys, this is serious.

Hopefully the latter.

Sorry.

I'm sorry.

I always laugh when I hear the word belly.

They explode your pet.

So how do you prevent that?

Well, the easiest way is to pre-explode it, which is hard.

It's a difficult decision to do.

Go ahead and pre-explode your animal, your pet.

It's difficult.

But it's the right decision.

It's the right decision.

Yeah.

Child burnings.

How do you prevent yourself from getting burned by a fucking child?

What do you do?

Never turn your back to anyone and always run.

Well, I would say in general, yes, that's a great tactic.

That applies to everyone in your things.

Yeah, absolutely.

Don't talk to kids in general.

If you have to talk to a child, make sure it's a child that doesn't have hands because kids without hands, they can't operate lighters or any sort of flame.

Or join Hands Across America.

Okay.

If you're going to talk to a kid, it's probably smart to do it like in the back of a van.

No, it's not.

No, it's not, as a matter of fact.

Officer Butterfield.

That's the sort of thing that ticks me off.

Get them somewhere isolated and then have a conversation.

That's the kind of thing that ticks me off.

Officer Butterfield, can we conclude this?

Let's wrap this up, please, because you're a little ridiculous, I have to say.

You know what?

You're ridiculous, and this program is ridiculous, and I didn't have to be here.

I'm doing you a favor and the public, the general public, a favor.

Fine, here's the end of it.

Let's ban general public.

Go on, please.

Elderly stabbings.

Yes.

Getting stabbed by an older person.

Yes.

How do you prevent that?

Why don't you tell us?

Okay, I will.

This is adding twice the time to your bid.

Are you asking us?

Because you guys don't know anything.

Oh, yeah.

You like to show off how ignorant we are.

You are.

And then shove the answer in our faces.

You're high on huff right now.

You huff something, obviously.

Well, this goes back to the pet explosions.

You just attack them first.

You pre-stab the elderly.

So that's the same...

It's the same...

It happens to be a coincidental piece of information.

I'm never coming back here.

Okay.

Self-drowning is the easiest way to prevent yourself from being drowned, drowned, drowneded.

That's obviously not a real word, is just, you don't want to go swimming if you're wearing lead floaties.

A lot of people think it's funny to put on...

They do make floaties made out of lead, and that will obviously...

People think it's funny.

People think it's funny or it's a good time, summertime activity.

It's not.

You're going to drown.

So don't do that.

All right.

Well, Officer Butterfield, thank you so much for...

Thank you for having me.

And...

I said that sarcastically, just like you.

Well, you know what?

I said being here was a pleasure sarcastically because it wasn't, it was a pain, and it was a waste of the LAPD's time and taxpayer money.

And guess what?

We can easily suspend your license.

So consider it.

It's in the works.

Instead of you doing this, we could have filled a pothole.

All right.

Well, thank you, Officer Butterfield.

We'll be back with more Doug Benson after track number three, Comedy Death Ray.

Comedy Death Ray.

That is of course Borat.

Borat is starring in a new movie today called Borat Makes Fun of Gay People.

We will be reviewing that a little later on Doug Benson's I Love Movies segment, which we will be doing live instead of on the phone.

Very excited.

Oh, that's amazing.

So Doug, a lot of people would know you from Best Week Ever, but some people know you from a movie, a little independent movie that you put out called Super Hymi.

That's correct.

That has an appearance by almost everyone in this studio except for you.

Except for me.

You're the only one that isn't in it.

I played poker during a shooting day, but somehow never wound up in the movie.

Oh, yeah.

And then, yeah, there's a scene from that in the end titles, but it's the facing, you're on the wrong side of the table to be in it, I think.

But most of the people I ran into during the making of it, of course, ended up in the movie.

And I guess everyone's, most people who are listening to this probably know what Super Hymi is, right?

Like, I don't need to tell them.

No.

I don't have to describe it or anything.

Well, basically it's a parody, not a parody, but inspired by the movies.

Stripping off the movies.

Super Size Me.

Yeah.

But you decided to get high for 30 days.

It wasn't as much of a decision as the continuation of my life.

And then somebody put it on film, Netflix put it on film.

So basically you get high for 30 days and you turn into a loser, much like the guy in Super Size Me, right?

He had a lot of problems.

Yeah.

He turned into a loser.

He turned into a fat, greasy loser and no one would talk to him.

No, but you started out that way.

And the camera crew even quit.

He had to operate his own camera.

Yeah, it didn't do anything to me.

Pot is better for you than McDonald's.

That's what it proves.

You had an alternate title for the movie, right?

Didn't you?

Business as usual?

Yes.

That's right.

I enjoy that.

I say that in the movie.

And yeah, and it's exciting, but now everybody's hitting me up for what the follow-up's going to be.

Oh yeah.

You have plans for a sequel or is it a prequel?

What do we have?

Well, I just want to play... I'm getting very excited about all these superheroes in these movies.

Who isn't?

Well, I mean, a lot of the movies don't turn out so great, but it's still... The genre seems very strong right now.

People love superheroes.

They love to feel empowered.

Yeah.

Well, the movie The Dark Knight, of course, is my favorite movie of all time.

I'm on the record about that.

Oh really?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

There's a record you can buy in stores where I just say that over and over again.

I think I'll pass on that one.

The other side is Jack Nicholson from The Shining, repeating his sentence.

But no, it's... I want to be a superhero, so I'm going to get it done.

I'm going to make it happen somehow where I play a character named Contact High, and my mutant power is that if I touch someone for any amount of time, they become incredibly high and they become so docile, they can't do bad things anymore.

Some even just go to sleep.

Some people get choked out by my... If I'm full of indica that day.

Now, this is a documentary as well, right?

Yes, this will also be a documentary.

No, we couldn't think of... I mean, maybe there'll be another documentary, but I couldn't think of... You can't think of another stunt to do.

It seems silly to try and top that.

Yeah, he gets high for another 30 days.

Yeah, so we're talking to some people about in October, Grandma Elwood and I are going to embark on a... This is kind of a big announcement right now.

We're going to embark on a... We're in the big announcement business.

Let's do it.

13 cities in 13 days, and each of the cities will be in the 13 states throughout America where medical marijuana is legal.

Wow.

Yeah, and it's far reaching.

I mean, we're talking Rhode Island and Hawaii, but we're going to do one show a day for 13 days.

That is amazing.

So hopefully we can get somebody to film that and turn that into a movie.

Do you know when you're starting?

Okay.

October 1st.

Wow.

What's the kickoff date?

Providence, Rhode Island.

Providence.

I love that TV show.

And a place called Lazy Slims or Big Fat Gyms.

I don't know what it's called.

If you live in Providence, just get out your Google Earth.

Really?

Just look for me wandering around, looking for us lost in a rental car.

That's exciting, Doug.

I cannot wait till that.

Yeah, I'll be calling you from wherever I am.

Every day.

Yeah, for still friends.

It's, you know what?

We have, before we do the next song, why don't we do the sports report?

There's a sports report?

Yeah, let's do track 12.

Oh, that's awesome, because I don't give a shit about sports.

Let's do track 12.

Now, here we go with track 12 and we're going, here we go.

All right, Sklarz.

Hey, how are you, Randy and Jason Sklar of the Sklar Brothers?

How are you, guys?

We are feeling good and feeling sporty and feeling like we're going to bridge the gap.

To all the people who don't give a shit about sports, Benson included, we're going to make you care.

We will make you care, Benson, wherever you are.

I care already.

All right, beautiful.

I can tell.

You can tell.

We've turned you.

We've flipped you already, like we tried to flip the less butch of the two Indigo girls at one night, and that was a crazy night.

You had me at whichever one of you spoke first.

All right, guys.

What do you have for us?

Okay.

Big news.

The biggest news, actually the best news for us is that Ron Artest, crazy basketball player.

The guy who a few years ago ran into the stands in Detroit and punched a fan, not even the fan who threw a beer on him, he's just this crazy loose cannon of a person who is now going to be on the Lakers next year.

That means we've got Ron Artest in LA.

Wow.

It's exciting because you just don't know who this guy is, and we'll educate the listeners as to who... We love him because you just don't know what... His mood is so hard to predict.

There was a basketball player a few years ago, Isaiah Ryder, who kicked a pregnant lady.

Clappy.

That's a clappy move.

I'm going to go out on a limb and say that the pregnant lady probably did nothing to deserve to be kicked.

I don't know what he could have done.

We can't confirm that, but his rise to anger followed a logical pattern.

Ron Artest is the type of guy who is now on the Lakers who would speak at a pro-life rally, probably get a standing ovation because his sensitivity towards pregnant women, turn to shake the hand of the organizer, a woman who is herself pregnant, and then kick her.

That's what he would do.

You're like, why did he... Ron Artest is the type of guy that could play an entire game barefoot.

You're like, you could put shoes on.

You might need to put shoes on.

Seems like it would be against regulations, but you say it might happen.

It might happen.

In the apex, and he already has... Proving us right.

Proving us right.

He's already delivered.

He did a day after Michael Jackson died or a few days after, he went into the studio because why wouldn't he?

He's a basketball player, and he laid down an R&B song.

He took it a tribute to Michael, which it was very much for us, it was very much a Neil Young move.

Whenever there's a natural disaster, Neil Young would just record a song and we're like, come on, Neil.

You have time to work it out.

Yeah.

It doesn't have to be the day after.

Yeah, it had to be the day after.

It had to be the day after.

Hey, listen, Neil.

Katrina's going to last a couple weeks.

Maybe you can lay the song out.

Play a couple of dates, maybe... See how it gets the kinks out of it before you record the song.

Neil Young's like, no, I got to get that to work.

It's what the kinks used to do.

I'm very punny today.

I love it.

It's hilarious.

Basically, we were like, come on, man.

He laid down this song.

I think you guys have it.

Do you guys have it?

Yeah, we do.

Yeah, let's play a little bit of it.

We won.

What I love about this is that very technically, we're Q2Q on this show.

We are Q2Q.

Listen for the amount of people in the studio, the amount of background singers, you'll enjoy that.

This song, tribute to Michael.

Should we listen to the song full volume?

Full volume.

Okay, here we go.

For a little portion of it.

Yeah, right here.

Okay, well, that sounds horrible.

It sounds horrible.

My thing is, how many people are in the studio during the chorus?

He was like, hey, can we get the limo driver in here so he can get on the mic?

Maybe.

I've got like six.

How about people recording another song, one studio over, let's get them in.

The husbands of N-Vogue are down the hall, let's see if we can get them in here.

The husbands.

Have you guys, have you done the part yet that was going to make me interested in sports?

No.

Doug, that's still coming.

Oh, we want to tease that.

Come on, if there was a loose cannon type of a guy that could like run down after hitting a three point basket and like not punch Nicholson out, but punch Lou Adler, the guy who's next to Nicholson, who kind of looks a little like Dr. John.

Sure.

Don't you want someone to punch someone out who kind of looks like- Why does that guy even want him to look like Dr. John?

Like Jim Croce would be a better, and he doesn't look so great.

That'd be a better person.

I saw Richard Attenborough look alike last night.

You did?

Yeah, that was great.

He grew his hair out and wore the Jurassic Park hat just to look like him.

It was very weird.

Turns out it was the keyboard player from the Muppet Band.

Oh, heaven.

Drinks are on the house.

What else do you have, Sklarz?

We should mention that Back on Top Start, which you make a cameo in, Sklarz.

Yes, I do.

That is your web series.

It starts Monday, right?

Monday, and you are in the first episode and do a hilarious job.

Oh, thank you so much.

Where can people see that?

They can see it at... They can go onto youtube.com.

They can check- What is youtube.com?

I've never heard it fully- Yeah, thanks for making that clear.

They can go to, and I don't want to... I'm sure there are a lot of techs out there.

HTTP backslash backslash- Backslash backslash colon, www.youtube.com.

It'll be on youtube, but for the first 12 hours on Monday, it's going to be on foxsports.com.

Foxsports.com, they look for- Foxsports.com slash Back on Top.

Back on Top, and we should say Tops is T-O-P-P-S, like the Tops- Back on Tops.com, you can check it out there.

The Tops Trading Cards is what it basically is.

It's a very funny web series, the Sklars write and star in them, and I was honored, very honored to be in one.

You were hilarious.

Thank you so much.

All right, Sklars.

All right.

That is the sports report.

Extra sports.

I wish there was some out music.

Well, you know what?

We'll just go right into a song.

What do you say?

I know it's radio.

You can't see it, but as a punctuation at the end of the sports report, I put on a sports coat.

Oh, that's classy.

Thank you.

I take the pregnant woman.

There it is.

There's some out music for you.

All right.

Perfect.

All right.

Thanks, guys.

Thank you.

All right.

This is Comedy Death Ray.

We're going to come right back with more Doug Medson, Indie 103-1.

Indie 103-1, that is Weird Al Yankovic.

I had the pleasure of going last night to the premiere of Al's new movie, Al's Brain, which is showing all summer long down at the OC Super Fair, and it was fantastic.

Al was great, and the movie was really funny, but what I wanted to talk about, Doug, because this leads me- I want to know something really quick.

Yes.

What kind of facility, what kind of movie theater is there in the middle of the fair?

They have built one underneath the tent, yes, and it's 3D, three dimensions, so it has to be closed off.

So Jason Wolner said that because everything is black plastic covering it, he said it felt like being inside a large garbage bag, but so that's if you like- Comfortable, though?

Yeah, very comfortable.

How often do they show the movie?

One time a day?

It's 10 minutes long, so they just show it continually.

That's awesome.

Yeah, and you go inside and you go take- while you're waiting to go in, they have little puzzles and stuff like that that you can deal with and stuff about the brain, so it was really good.

Let me tell you a story, which is last week, as everyone knows, I world premiered my new single.

Let's play a little bit of it.

It was a parody of Jeremiah's birthday sex, which I hilariously parodied as birthday checks.

Let's hear a little bit.

It's my birthday, so you're all coming to my house, opening presents from my friends and my spouse, tear the wrapping paper, then I start to cry out a bunch of things that I could have done without.

I said I want cash and don't think I got none.

These pants ain't my fashion, someone pulled a fast one.

This sweater is itch and I hate everyone.

Then I open up the mail, girl, girl you know I, girl you know I, I start screaming, people send some cards redeeming this birthday party, girl you know I, girl you know I, I can pay my bills in rent, cause my family just sent some birthday checks, birthday checks.

It's the best day of the year, girl, birthday checks, birthday checks, it feels like, feels like someone sent a ten spot, ten spot.

So, world premiere last week, I was very secretive about it, did not even tell anyone the title of the song, I didn't want people to get the jump on me and to record their own versions, but once I put it out there, the gratifying thing is, it's out there, it spread like wildfire, people made mp3s of it, attached it to their music blogs, the blogosphere was a buzz.

It's gratifying, some people loved it, some people did not like it, but people were talking about it, everyone was talking about it, and people are out there remixing it, it's fantastic.

But this leads me to my story, which is last night I went to the premiere of Al's Brain, who comes up to me, but weird Al Yankovic himself, he says hello to me, as people often do when they meet each other, and the first thing out of his mouth was, he said, I enjoyed birthday checks.

Just four little words, I enjoyed birthday checks, but what I took it to mean was, I abdicate my throne, and you are now the reigning prince of pop parody.

So it feels good, it feels good, because I'm number one now, I'm just like the Sklars, I'm back on top.

What do you think of that?

Tops.

Yes, tops.

Yes, when you're trying to find it.

I agree with everything you said, I don't know what to add.

What I have to add, Doug.

It was time for him to pass the scepter, it was like Tenacious D and Ronnie Dio, it had to happen someday in the world of pop parody.

Who better to have it happen to, but me?

And what I have to announce is that- Are you going to start calling yourself Scott Akovic, or something like that?

I may be weirder Scott Akerman.

And people will say- Weirder than who?

People may ask that, and I'll say that guy Weird Al who doesn't do parody songs anymore.

But what I have to announce is that- He wants to be taken seriously now.

Is that everyone loved the song so much, just immediately I started getting more and more ideas for songs.

And I have to announce that next week, I have another world premiere coming, and this is going to be amazing.

Again, I don't want to say the title, because once you say the title, all of a sudden people start doing their imitator versions.

I don't want that to happen, but next week on the show, I don't know who the guests are, but I will be world premiering my second single, which I predict will have Weird Al asking if he can have his throne back.

Can I guess what the title would be?

Is it Poker Ace?

And that would be all about you knocking out Charles Barkley?

No.

It is not.

All right.

It is not.

We'll take some guesses later in the show.

Okay, let's go to another song when we come back.

We'll have more with Doug Benson and another guest, Rob Hubel from HappyEndings.com will be here.

Indie 103.1.

Open up your window An evening breeze is blowin' Open up your front door The evening stars are glowin' And when I look into your eyes I swear this world is smilin' And all the animals come runnin' home to you tonight The elephant and zebra run side by side As the elephant carries the monkey A thousand parakeets fly overhead A dolphin, a goose, and a donkey And they're all so happy to see you And they're all so happy To see you tonight To see you tonight All the animals need a home They're cold and scared and all alone So open up your heart Your heart is a zoo Your heart is a zoo Your heart is a zoo Your heart is a zoo Your heart is a zoo So open up your window Your heart is a zoo Your heart is a zoo So hard as a shoe, you're a lesser animal than tonight Oh, let the animals into light Let the animals into night Cha cha cha, Indie 103.1, this is comedy death ray Doug hates candy wrappers screening baby sticky seeds With 50 ads of popcorn kernels in his teeth There's still not one that he won't see Cause Doug loves movies Very exciting, we're doing this live in studio!

Doug, that was Paul Rust's band, Paul's Movie, I Love You, Beth Cooper opens today!

Do you have reviews?

Yes I do, 8 words or less, that's how I like to play it As you know, if you follow me on Twitter and you get annoyed by it Hashmark 8 words or less, you can write your own and try to get me to read them On Scott's Comedy Death Ray program Let's do this, I Love You, what's it called? I Love You, Beth Cooper?

My review is, I Love Claire from Heroes More, Beth Cooper I liked her better when she was able to heal herself To understand that joke, one has to know that Hayden Panettieri is in both I Love You, Beth Cooper and Heroes, is that correct Doug?

I wouldn't even call it a joke, first of all It's more of like, just a fact That's 8 words or less, and it's a review What else opens today?

Well let's do an audience member, somebody, I assume, they might not be listening to your show They are on Twitter, his name is at Brandon007 And his review just made me laugh for some reason in its simplicity 8 words or less, I Hate You, I Love You, Beth Cooper Not bad, yeah I like that one And then of course Bruno comes out today Borat, you mean Borat, but go ahead You know, you're right That movie from a few years ago came out again today The re-release of Borat out today Yeah, so my review kind of in that vein is 8 words or less is, for anyone who misses Sacha Baron Cohen's balls It's been a while It's another chance to see him again And then some guy named Richard6161 tweeted to me, Bruno Borat yes, but Bru no That's a fun play on words Are all of these negative reviews?

Every once in a while somebody writes a positive review But those aren't very funny And I look at it and say, what is this person thinking?

Why did they do that?

Most of the time when people read my bad reviews they write back No it's great, they just don't get that I don't see these movies Some would say that the joke is that the segment is Doug loves movies and yet you seem to hate every movie That's what, it's a cleverly concealed joke A lot of people would also say I hate everything but it's called I love everything A lot of people would say that the joke is that Hayden Panettieri is in Heroes and I Love You Beth Cooper One person said it and his name is Scott Aukerman But before we end the movie segment I just want to mention that Another project that's a pet project of mine is I want to remake the movie Up Really?

Yeah, I want to play the Ed Asner role But my house is going to be lifted up into the sky by a bunch of vaporizer bags And then when I feel like landing I just have to smoke out of them and get really high And then that comes down to Earth And I don't know what else happens after that because I haven't seen Up But I'll figure it out I know there's a dog named Doug in it so maybe I can play two parts Yeah that's true Are you going to have a cute little Asian boy do you think?

Well I'll play all three parts because when I'm high people say I look Asian So I'll be the Asian boy and Doug the dog and Ed Asner Who played my uncle on an episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm But let's not get into my resume today Scott And this will also be a documentary Yeah I'm making a documentary of all of this My career is too complicated for me to even follow it That is Doug Loves Movies! Thank you Doug!

Thank you for that Doug It's a pleasure to have it It's true that there is no room in my heart for anyone because of my love for movies Hard and firm They nailed it hard and firm And they're also going to be nice enough to help me with some of the music on The special for G4 that partially was they shot you guys I think both of you gentlemen are going to appear in it I'm so excited Very briefly and not saying anything funny Am I in it?

I don't think so So it's an accurate portrayal of how it went down I don't think I ran into you during the making of that I just saw the thing over a weekend And I happened to call in So we got you guys on camera too The person whose voice you just heard asking if he was in it Am I in it?

Yes that is exactly what I was talking about That's what I said I'm clarifying This is a gentleman by the name of Rob Hubel Hi Scott, hi Doug Hey Now Rob you're from HappyEndings.com Yeah I just made up the name of a dating website to be honest What I really wanted to do was come on your show First of all I got a question, there's a cop out in the lobby that is destroying the lobby He's destroying it?

There's a really pissed off LAPD guy that is He threw a trash can around And then he urinated and defecated in the lobby Wow So I don't know what went on in here but there's a pissed off cop so be aware of that Did you guys interact at all?

No I didn't Did you lock eyes?

No I don't like cops I don't like cops If any cops are listening, I love cops But yeah what I wanted to do was I'm pretty great at relationships and helping people in general So what I wanted to do was come on here with you guys and help just a few people from Twitter with their relationship questions and problems So I had some people tweet me at Rob Hubel on Twitter So let me just throw out a couple problems here These are real, these are totally real so I take people at their word and we'll try to help them here So this first one Let's do it Is this segment called anything?

I don't have music for this if that's what you're asking I don't do, you know I'll do it Here's a Rob Hubel thing where he has a catchy song and it will go on for 40 minutes How about that? Is that what you wanted?

Are you sure the cop didn't just come back in here?

No just seeing that cop pissed me off Okay so here's the first question This is just dating and relationship and sex tips from me This is from at Ian Karoshi, I don't know who that is He says my slam piece likes to shave her junk First of all I don't think it's appropriate to call your girlfriend your slam piece Yeah But anyway we'll let that slide And you should call it her garbage Yeah my slam piece likes to shave her junk and then he says in parenthesis it looks nice But the stubble on her vag, can we say that on the air?

This is Hold on guys You can say stubble Okay but the stubble on her is unbearable and nair gives her a rash So what should I do?

So you know you guys have been in relationships before I think you should pre-explode her I don't even know what that reference is I don't know what that's about If you're talking about pre-exploding people before they put an explosive device in your dog's anus Then you would have no Then I don't know what you mean Yeah okay I would say the only choice in this Ian You've got to dump her Yeah well two choices You've got to get out Dump her, murder her, which I would not recommend And then dump her again?

No Or just go back in time and let it just grow out to be a huge bush the size of like a softball You know like a huge hairy like 1971 style bush So that's my advice Do you guys have anything to add to that?

I mean if you do it's not as good as my advice I don't know I feel like you covered it Throw out a nice Kareem Abdul Jabush That belongs in the sports report I don't think that's appropriate Okay here's the next one This one's from mkeller1 on Twitter He says, well this is just a yes or no question If you fart during orgasm is that weird or acceptable?

So what do you guys think?

I don't know how that's a yes or no question but Is it acceptable?

He says is it weird or acceptable?

So you're right technically grammatically it's not a yes or no You're being a jerk No means weird and yes means acceptable So what did you say Doug?

It depends on whether it's a front fart or a back fart What's a front fart?

Like if your penis farts that would be bad That would be unacceptable Wait is that medically you can actually air can come out Gas can come out Well if a lady can queef why can't a guy front fart?

Good point Equality Finally I would agree with that 50 cents on the dollar It depends I would say it depends on whether it's a front fart or a back fart So if you're saying if it's a back fart that's not appropriate I didn't say anything about back farts Well let's talk about it If you fart a back fart during an orgasm is that appropriate?

You know what you do this is how you get out of it You go sorry but at least it was just a back fart That's a good idea I'm not sure I enjoy this line of talk You know what this is the internet Scott so get on board But as long as we're doing it I have a question myself that I could maybe ask you Now a lot of people when they want to have sex with a girl and the girl doesn't want to have sex It's become very common now for people to say just the tip Which I think is disgusting I think the tip is the worst part That's the part that leaks out stuff Like shouldn't you say just the shaft or just the balls?

Yeah you know what I would say just the balls is the way to go Like I think if you can that's called stuffing that's actually a real sexual term Where you stuff your testicles inside of the woman's area Who enjoys that between the two of them?

Well everyone enjoys it Really? It's pleasurable?

It's very pleasurable The spectators enjoy it What happened?

I think that's engineer Joe getting tricky That's the noise that it makes when you stuff your testicles inside What is that?

This is turned into an entirely different radio show Hey this is the internet guys Alright here we go I thought this was an actual bit you doing a character This is just you being disgusting I'm presenting helpful information to save the lives of people Have you tried snatch.com? That's another good dating site Alright here we go This is a real dating question This is a heartfelt relationship question From Lee Gustin Twitter to at Rob Huebel If you have phone sex with someone three weeks before they're getting married is that cheating?

Phone sex?

Is that cheating?

Wait who's getting married and what is phone sex?

You're making this impossible If you have phone sex with someone three weeks before they're getting married So this is someone that they want to know They're having phone sex with somebody and the other person that they're having phone sex with is getting married in three weeks Is this a girl or a dude?

We don't know, this is a girl asking the question So she's having phone sex with a guy And the guy is getting married in three weeks so she wants to know is that cheating?

Oh okay What do you got?

Well no, phone sex is not cheating In fact I would say that the only thing that's cheating is putting your testicles in a woman's vagina That is the only thing I've heard that that is called stuffing That's actually, thank you for bringing that up That is a medical term So no I don't think that's cheating Rob that may be all the time we have Hey man it's your show It's your show man This is my show and quite frankly I don't appreciate you bringing in something of this caliber This is the internet talking to you So at your site you can get those t-shirts that say stuffing with a circle and a line through the middle of it No stuffing?

No stuffing, absolutely And they wear it on Thanksgiving and you'll be sad because they will not give you any It's true Alright well This was your least favorite segment you've ever done?

Maybe Do we have time for another segment or are we out? What do you think?

Why don't we bring in somebody to do an advice segment on segments Like somebody with some ideas for a great segment We'll come back and do one more segment We'll do one more Let's go to track seven and we'll come back and wrap things up I don't want to end on this note Let's do something funny when we come back Let's make a pledge right now Alright guys, we're going to be funny!

Oh we're back Really? Did we just come back? What happened?

Did they hear that? Did they hear what we said about them?

Oh my gosh, alright this is Comedy Death Ray, we're going to wrap it up My name is Scott Aukerman, we've been here all hour with Doug Benson Doug, you...

I have so much going on Oh I remember what I wanted to ask you You've been doing a lot of traveling I heard you went to San Francisco recently and had a very strange experience Where you came across some sort of pet that was there Did you pre-explode it?

Is that an accurate...

Well why don't you just tell it because I...

I don't know what you're talking about You came across a dog as I recall in San Francisco Oh my god, really?

That story...

It's just such a weird story man It is really weird but that's why I thought you should share it with our listeners Well the owner of the dog is like, this dog talks Oh the owner of the dog This story is so weird, I can't believe you're making me tell it again Well I enjoyed it so I just wanted...

Okay, well the dog, they say the dog can talk and I'm like If that's a talking dog then let's go ahead and hear it talk And she goes, just ask it a question I'm like, okay, who's the greatest baseball player of all time?

And the dog's like, ROOF!

And I'm like, that's right, Babe Ruth Right?

If you're just going to laugh...

Sorry, sorry, sorry We can make jokes all day long Oh hey, the officer's back, Officer Butterfield We can make somebody in here talk about the paranormal And just sit there and giggle the entire time This is a dog that can speak You're right, I'm so sorry This is the weirdest thing Continue And so I thought I'd better ask another question Because that arguably sounds like barking Right The name Ruth So I said, you know, I just didn't...

I wasn't in the right frame of mind for a test, dog quest, talking dog questions Because I was like, what's the thing on top of a house?

And of course the dog was like, ROOF!

Right And so now I've got to really think I've got to come up with something And I got it We were in San Francisco I'm like, what's everyone's favorite tourist attraction?

What's the most popular tourist attraction in San Francisco?

And the dog goes, ROOF!

And I was like, be more specific Fisherman's ROOF!

Clam chowder!

And the dog went on and on And I don't want to talk about it anymore Okay, well good Some would say that was the apex of the story there So I'm glad that we're not continuing No, you should hear some of the shit this dog was saying It was crazy I was like, why did I think of pre-exploding?

Officer Butterfield, anything to add to that?

I would say take this show more seriously And quit screwing around all the time And try to help the public The lady that sits in the lobby is really mad at you Well, I defecated out there to prove a point What point was that?

That I have authority over everybody And I'm above the law Like the movie Steven Seagal is in I'm living that every day On diddly ground?

No, above the law You know what? I was in your movie You're thinking of the one where he was the chef On a boat Wait a minute, you were in whose movie?

I was in Super Jaime Officer Butterfield?

Dick Butterfield I did a presentation about marijuana Oh, you were that dick, that's right And that's how you knew I smoked pot Because you watched the movie to see yourself Guess what, man?

You're not getting out of here without getting a ticket So there's that for you What kind of ticket?

I don't know Ticket to the Offspring?

To a Policeman's Ball Here we go again with the jokes Real funny, guys It's a real comedy show you got here Somebody's very nice to call up and offer us Offspring tickets, but we're busy on that night Yes, did he say what night it was?

No, he didn't No, apologies That's a joke construction right there I had to take it Kids, that is how you make jokes Yeah We've seen them many times They're nice guys, too Yeah, super nice So that's it, that's our show Thank you so much for coming I want to thank the Sklar brothers who did our sports report And I want to thank Officer Butterfield who trashed the lobby You're welcome for that Where's your little ticket book?

You're going to write me up a ticket Don't worry, man, it's coming Did you leave it out there?

Is it covered in shit?
