Coming up on the show today, Colin Hanks makes his triumphant return to the program. A new friend Mike Kaplan, you know him from Last Comic Standing, he will be joining us, and the editor-in-chief of Spa Magazine will be here. All of that and more, all on today!

Yes, it is Comedy Bang Bang. I am Hot Saucerman, world famous Scottabot, and it was really interesting to see my guest's reaction to that song. We all had a very different dancing style. As I introduce them, I will explain, and one person's still going! Did it stop? Did the music stop? I will explain all of their styles as I introduce them. First of all, to my immediate left, we have, you saw him on Last Comic Standing where he came in 5th, which is pretty good, until you figure out there's 10 of them. There were more to begin with. Of all the 10 comedians, I'm 5th. Mike Kaplan is here in the room, and his style was just a powerful nod. A sense of presence about him, he planted his body, and then just nodded up and down. I agree with the music. A steady beat. Now, to my right, we had him on the show late last year, and he is back for more. Colin Hanks is here, and how would you describe what you were doing? You were doing a powerful sway.

I was doing like a chin, shoulder to shoulder. He was saying no.

I was saying no, and he was saying yes. Point, counterpoint.

But I want it to be known that my no is actually an affirmative, in that I was really liking that. It's a lot like back in Gladiator days, when you gave people a thumbs down, it actually meant what we call a thumbs yes. Thumbs yes? Is that what we call it?

We all do that from now on. I think all films are judged by their thumbs yes. You know, Ebert and Roper, two thumbs yeses.

Please guys, give us an iTunes review where you give me a thumbs yes, please.

A thumbs yes? Or at least five thumbs yeses.

Five thumbs yes? How many thumbs, everybody, how many thumbs could there be? There's 7 billion people in the world, so 14 billion.

14 billion thumbs? Some of those people don't have hands, but that's true. We'll say about 14 billion.

I judge films by rotten thumbs. Rotten tomatoes.

Rotten tomatoes. Fellas, thank you so much for coming.

It's a pleasure to be on the comedy Bing Bang. Agreed.

I'm going to make no illusions, I don't even know what I'm saying. By the way, Mike, you're a linguist, you have a master's degree in linguistics.

Is that correct? That is the truth.

Help me out. There's something going on, I've mentioned it on the show, my referenceometer is off, I don't know quite how to speak, I find myself having to speak all the time lately.

I'm doing this show, I'm doing the TV pilot, and I have to talk all the time and nothing is making sense. I think you're doing a great job so far.

Could you just follow me around and clarify what I'm trying to say all the time?

I would love to. I have been doing that, but I haven't been paying, I've just been following you, not listening. You're just tired.

You're really tired. My brain is tired, I can't think, I can't make references, I can't pull the things from my brain anymore.

I did like the referenceometer reference. That was good. In fact, I was going to ask you if that was actually a word. Some people say referensometer, and that's the French way. What I want to say is I'm not going to pretend that- We are your second choice?

Not second choice, no, but I was supposed to tape a show the other day and it all fell apart. We're glad it did.

To the victors go the spoils. To the spoilers go the victory.

Is that why people spoil movies, do you think? Yeah, because they want to feel victorious.

They put them on their cars. But you guys were very nice to just, on an hour's notice, come in here on a Sunday afternoon. I really appreciate that. In doing so, we are now going to figure out what is going on with your individual lives.

Should I ask you both questions that you answer at the same time, or should we go one at a time? Sounds perfect.

Wait, let's do that. That was an example of the former.

Yes. No.

Fight. Now, you were shaking your head chin to shoulders at the same time. That meant yes.

I'm really getting a sense of your improv styles here.

It's kind of crazy. It's no-butt. He's no-butt. He's a very nice figure. That's literally mine.

I think BJ Novak was trying to do a no-butt improv show for a while. I think we tried it once. No, he didn't.

But what he did do, that's what it was. It was like, no he didn't, but what he did do is stayed at home and had a nice sandwich. It was just this fascinating show where nothing happened in it. No forward progress was made.

No, he didn't have a sandwich, but the pizza tasted great.

It was a lot like, oh my gosh, thank you guys so much for joining me here in Bermuda.

We're not in Bermuda, but I do love skiing. No, actually, I remember you hate that.

It's actually breaking my brain. I'm having a hard time following that.

No, you're doing great with it, everyone else, but everyone else.

It is so hard to do. It's really tough. All right, let's get a little of the career stuff out of the way. First of all, Breaking News, Colin, since you were on the program last, and even in the last two weeks, I would say, Breaking News, you are a new cast member of season six of Dexter, is that correct, or recurring, or whatever?

This is true. Congratulations.

Yes, but thank you. Yes, but thank you. That's a whole new style.

Yes, and no, yeah, started a few weeks ago. You're shooting already?

Oh, shooting already. Ah, so you're the, you shoot a gun, that's very... Oh, you know me.

Oh, spoilers. I got victory.

Come on, no, I did not say that. But yeah, we started shooting, and we'll be shooting.

I'm going to be in all 12 episodes. All 12?

Yes. Now, are you...

There's 12 episodes, everybody. Oh, no. Oh my God.

Look. I'm so petrified of letting the cat out of the bag about... Oh, so there's a cat that you're strangling.

That's where Dexter started. Grab the battles.

God damn it. No, let's cut the shit. Let's get it all out of the way. Are you a killer? I read you're an anthropologist, but are you a serial killer?

No, I'm just doing 12 episodes on the show. I'm just an actor.

Stop it. God damn it. Stop being cagey. Stop being coy.

I know you can't say anything, but just... I'm going to give you my answer.

This is the truth. I can neither confirm nor deny anything involving Dexter. God damn it. Shut up. Just tell me.

Is it true that you cannot confirm or deny anything? Can you confirm that?

No. But.

But. Thank you.

You're welcome. All right. So Dexter's coming. When's it come on the air? I believe October.

And he finds religion this season, supposedly. That just came out. He finds religion. He's trying to figure it out. Are you a big Dexter fan?

You know what? I actually watched the first two seasons.

I've watched them all. You've watched them all?

I'm going... I'm working my way through. They were on Netflix streaming, so I watched them all, and the three through five are not on Netflix streaming. That is exactly when I stopped. Aha. That has a tendency to happen.

But it got a lot... Dexter, what's his deal? You know, he's just a dude trying to figure it all out. And I don't mean in season six. I just mean like... Just like all of us. Just like any of us.

He's just trying to figure out how to balance work and family and your passion.

Do you think it was the wrong choice to make that guy a serial killer? Is that like something like episode two? They were like, oh, shit. We've made a great mistake.

This show would have been great if we didn't have to kill people all the time.

Why can't this show be about a paper, a newspaper, so it's just stories being late, and there could be a funny guy who comes in. What about a guy who kills people who works at a paper? He's like a copy editor. He's like the opposite of Superman?

Yeah. Look up in the sky.

I mean, I guess... I'll slit your throat.

I guess the opposite of Superman is he wouldn't work at a paper, though.

Maybe. Opposites are hard. You're the linguist.

Yeah. All right, Mike, let me turn my attention to you now. In fact, Colin, if you would turn your chair and look at Mike and stare soulfully into his eyes. Mike, you were on Last Comic Standing, which was two summers ago or one summer ago? It was one summer. It was the last summer that was not this summer. It's the last summer. Okay. And you came in fifth, and you made a splash. And how has it affected your life, both standup life and your personal life?

My standup life, it has made some people know who I am more than did before.

It's certainly how I came to know of you. Ah, well, thank you for paying attention.

That's like the least one can do. Yeah, thanks.

That's like what a horrible compliment. Well, think about it.

Thanks for my name going into your ear. A lot of people turn on the TV and then just walk around and don't pay attention. Thanks for actually sitting down in front of it. No, I mean, definitely a lot of people... I don't know how many people... Like millions of people watched it every week. So while millions of people aren't my fan now, some percentage of them are. And that was the best thing that came out of it for me, is just to be continually with my face and voice.

But on a personal level, like... Oh, on a personal level, I really feel fulfilled.

That was obviously the ultimate goal since childhood, before the show even existed.

Being on TVs. Someday. Yeah, no, I mean, as a person, I think I've been on a positive trajectory personally, because I had a sad childhood.

Really? Yeah, I was just lonely for most of... Like from eighth through 11th, 12th grade. Were you an only child?

I was an only child. Only grandchild, no first cousins.

Oh, no. And not a lot of friends? Not a lot of friends in high school until... I went to camp during the summers and I had some friends that were also misfit, outcast.

What made you a misfit, would you say? Big glasses, large braces, slicked down hair, smart brain, lack of social... Now, the slicked down hair, I gotta say that's your fault. It was my grandfather's fault.

Oh, really? He's not alive to defend himself, but before him, it was also probably my fault, because I didn't comb my hair at all, but then when I stayed at his home, like some nights during the week, he would, in the morning, just slick down my hair, part it on the left, slick it down to the right.

With what, like a Vaseline or...? I'd say like witch hazel.

Okay. Now, you're a brainy comic, you've mentioned you're a real egghead. But not eggs specifically, I'm a vegan as well, so that's just a word joke, I apologize. But that's a lot of what you do, you do word jokes, you do... As long as there's no math jokes, we're good.

There's a lot of math, there's a lot of math and logic, it's with letters and numbers, sorry Colin. I wonder why you got voted off number five on the show. And there was some anti-God stuff, I think that might have been it. Pro gay, anti-God, pro math, anti jock.

That's not gonna play well in Connecticut. But you know what, I do notice that you do a lot, which is, and I really respect this, is you will, when you go up after a few comics, you will kind of watch everyone's set and you'll talk about topics that they talked about and not in the sense of how a lot of times you'll say, oh, this comic reminded me of a joke I wrote three years ago. You'll actually just kind of engage on what people were talking about and you'll start your set a lot of times with just kind of riffing on stuff that's happened mere moments ago. Is that an accurate description of you?

I do like doing that. And that actually reminds me of a joke that I wrote four years ago about riffing. Here we go.

Let me get into it. See, the thing is, I didn't actually write a joke like that, listeners at home, or wherever you are, you don't have to be at home, you could be in your car, you could live at the gym or in your car. I'm not telling you where to live.

You could be working as a copy editor at some paper.

I assume you're definitely alive. Let's agree that you're alive. If you don't agree that you're alive, then are you a vampire, a zombie, because we need to know that these things are real. Yeah, I definitely, I like, you know, like what Paul of Tompkins does, Tompkins even.

Tompkins, yeah.

Yeah, he's a plural. Not just one Tompkins.

There's a lot of them.

I'm not talking about his family, his Tompkin. I'm just saying.

This is an example of what you do that really annoys people.

Sometimes, sometimes.

This is why you had no friends.

I don't think I was as good as it back then. I think I really could have had friends and then I should have lost those friends and found new friends once everything went better.

No, but you're one of America's finest comics. I've always enjoyed when you do my show, the weekly show that we do at BCB.

I enjoy it, too.

And you're always really funny and I would suggest people go out and see you.

I appreciate it. I endorse your suggestion.

Thank you. All right, so enough shit, enough bullshit.

Yeah, our careers are bullshit.

Yeah, woman gives a shit.

Enough of that.

What we're up to. Enough of that. Let's get to...

Let's get to what we're really doing here, which is we're going to play What Am I Thinking?

Ooh.

And we have engineer Frank on the ones and twos, and that is normally when we would go right into that theme song, but it's his first time doing the show. And instead, he's going to start it right about now-ish. He like, oh, that's what it was. The old volume control.

All right, we're not going to have these volume control issues the whole show, are we? Otherwise, we're going to have a problem. Engineer Frank, engineer Doug on vacation. Engineer Frank stepping in.

All right.

Where's Doug?

Where'd he go? Frank, do you know?

He went home to Florida.

Great story. Even better in the telling. All right, here we go. This is...

I think he did a great job, frankly. Look at that. Hey, everybody.

This is What Am I Thinking? Now, we played this a couple of weeks ago. We all know how we play it, and it's going to be the two of you against each other, and one shall remain victorious. So we know how to play, but the first thing we have to do is we have to figure out who we're playing for. So, Mike, who are you playing for?

A person in the world?

Well, anything. A concept, a person. Like, it's basically who shall get the glory if you win.

Oh, and it can't be myself. That would be rude.

I mean...

Yeah, I'll say Zach. My friend Zach.

Zach Sherwin?

Zach Sherwin.

Mr. Napkins?

MC Mr. Napkins. We were going to hang out this afternoon, but thanks to his willingness to not hang out, I'm here.

That's so nice. And you have a friend now. That's great to hear.

Absolutely. Good friend.

See, maybe if you had just played for some of your friends, you know, when you were growing up, then...

You got to get invited to play and...

Giving them that honor.

You got to get picked last, maybe.

I got picked last a lot.

Colin, who are you playing for?

I will be playing for whomever is in front of the Johnny Cash mural on Bronson between the time of 11.15 and 12 noon tomorrow.

Okay. And will you be there to award them the victory if you win?

No, but I'm getting engineer Doug to fly in from Florida, so it should be fine.

Wow, that's amazing.

All right, so here we go. This is our first round. I need you to independently think of a word. Do you have a word locked in?

Yes.

All right. Now, we know how this is played. You count down from three aloud, and then after one, you say the word together.

Yes.

All right. Do you need to look at each other? Colin, you have a very serious look on your face.

I'm getting... I'm ready.

It's terrifying.

Do we have to look at each other? We should look at each other.

Because you want to kind of mind meld with these people, so that's the whole game. What am I thinking? So the eyes are the window to the soul.

Yeah.

Here we go.

But I'm going to use the old actor trick and just look at the ear closest to camera.

See, this is the kind of thing that Colin hanks. All right, here we go. Three, two, one.

Three, two, one. Peanut.

Whoa, butter and peanuts. This may be the shortest game of what am I thinking ever.

Have you locked in as to what?

I think so.

All right, here we go. And...

Three, two, one.

Peanut butter.

All right, we can still salvage this. We have peanut butter from Mike. We have jelly from Colin hanks.

Did I mess that up?

No. Well, I would have thought the peanut butter would have been the natural... But no, but we can still salvage this.

We got it. We got it.

We have peanut butter over here. We have jelly over here. What are those two things have in common?

Here we go.

Okay.

Three, two, one. Sandwich.

Wow. See, now, Mike, you fucked it up because I thought sandwich was the perfect...

Okay. I thought bread was what they had. They were both breads on it.

Bread is what they're both inside. Not the thing they have in common.

You're right. You're right.

Both of those are in a sandwich.

We should have been on... I messed up. We should have gotten this on two and we should be in the Guinness Book of World Records and beer.

All right, but we can still do this. We have sandwich and we have bread. What do those things have in common? Sandwich and bread. All right. So we're going into round four.

I think we're actually getting more difficult.

Yeah, I know. You're circling around it. That's...

We can do it.

We're getting more difficult. Can we?

Yeah, we can do it.

You can do this. Okay. Sandwich and bread.

All of a sudden, I'm feeling like we can't.

What kind of bread is on a sandwich? All right. Here we go. Sandwich and bread. Here we go.

And...

Three, two, one. Sliced.

Wheat and sliced. Wheat and sliced. Okay. Now, these are two separate words. Wheat and sliced. What do they have in common? Wheat and sliced. You can go back to something that has already been said, by the way.

We can.

Yes. You don't have to always think of a new thing.

Okay.

You just can't say the thing that you said previous.

Okay.

All right. Here you go.

Wait. We can't say the thing that we just said?

No. The thing you just said.

Oh, okay. Yeah. We can't say wheat or sliced again.

So you can't say wheat or sliced again.

Yeah. That would be silly to do.

Okay.

Okay. Here we go.

Three, two, one. Bread.

Thank you.

Yes.

There we go. All right. So you both won that one.

I'm the only one with my arms up in the air.

I'm nodding.

He's nodding. Yeah. Be affirmative.

And I'm shaking my head side to side.

I'm sorry. I really feel like I should have gotten that on too.

That's okay because you know what? You both won. So you both take the victory.

Nice.

Spoiler alert.

You hear that person between the behind, below the Johnny Cash thing between 1115 and noon tomorrow?

That was an exciting one. But that is of course how we play What Am I Thinking?

There we go. That volume level.

It's good volume.

Right on the money.

That's what I was thinking, is I need the volume.

All right. We're going to come back. We have one more guest coming into the show.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

We are here with Colin Hanks.

Mike Kaplan.

right back after this song!

Having no friends is really great!

Having no friends, 10, 9, 8!

Having no friends, I can't wait!

Having no friends, having no friends is totally fine!

Having no friends, 7, 8, 9!

Having no friends, no need for a phone!

Having no friends, no reals!

Comedy bang bang, that is Sarah Silverman having no friends, and that was a little tail end that Engineer Frank decided to slip in and that's strike two buddy!

Wow! On a curve!

He doesn't even have a microphone to defend himself. He doesn't deserve one!

But he is the sound guy, so he should. No, no, no, he does, just the volume's down.

This is, of course, Comedy Bang Bang, and we've had a lot of fun with Bing Bong, had a lot of fun with Colin Hanks, had a lot of fun with Mike Kaplan but we have a third guest who just walked into the room that we want to welcome and he is the editor in chief of Spa Magazine as well, you know, his name is Kylie Bloom welcome, Kylie! Hey, hi, namaste, namaste, hi, how are you?

This is great, oh my gosh! This is our first time meeting? Yes, it is but it's our first time, it's rare because we've been doing 15 years of Spa Magazine and I just came to wish you... Seems like we would have met earlier.

I would hope, you know, I wanted to wish you a happy 100th episode, is this your 100th episode?

It is not, but thank you so much. Happy 100th episode. We celebrated that a few back, but I will accept that. Oh, that's fantastic, well obviously you're all readers, good to see you all here. Why is that obvious? Just because of his glasses? I have glasses, I definitely... One of the largest read magazines in the country, Spa Magazine. Mike, I think people, a lot of people assume that if you have glasses it's due to eye strain from reading so much, is that what you found?

I think it's actually that people assume you're smart if you have glasses, because you at least know enough to know that you can't see. That you should get glasses. Hey, there's plenty of people out there walking around bumping into things. What the fuck's wrong with my eyes?

I'll never know. I wish there was a store, I don't know words.

I wish I could buy some new ones. Do you have eyes?

Well, Kylie, it's great to see you and congratulations to you on your fifteenth year in the biz. Fifteen years. One hundred issues.

Spa Magazine, wow. How many, is that a monthly publication? No, it's a seasonal publication. Seasonal. Four seasons. Sixty.

About that. Quarterly. Yeah, and you can get this at, what's your favorite local newsstand? 7-Eleven, I guess. Okay, great, well you can find any 7-Eleven and from that location you can find a spa in the area, and one of four spas carry this magazine. Okay.

I didn't know that. So you have to find four spas in the area, and then hopefully the odds are. One of four, sometimes you'll find it on the first one.

That's what I always find. That's a fun little scavenger. Yeah, it's a lot of fun.

We've been having a lot of fun. Oh my gosh. Now, a spa, I assume that means the place you go to where you take baths and stuff like that.

It's not short for anything. That's a very naïve point of view of it.

A spa is a place where you can go and to rejuvenate.

For example, I see you are wearing glasses. Correct. And you wouldn't need to wear them anymore. Oh, what's that about? Ever after? If you go to a spa you can just get rid of all those kind of toxins, because that's what's attacking. Really?

You're having some sort of toxin attack your eyes, so we have a special mud bath.

Maybe we're the dumb ones here, because I always assumed that glasses was the only solution. Yeah, or lasers. No, no, no, this is what I love about people who don't go to spa. When was the last time you guys spaed? Anyone spa? Well, I mean, I... Colin Hanks is a big time Hollywood actor. I like a good schvitz. I like a good spa, although I wouldn't necessarily go to a spa located close to a 7-Eleven. Well, it would be in the...

There's a 7-Eleven near everything. Yeah, that's true. It's kind of the epicenter of the world is a 7-Eleven.

They've taken over the world. Some people say New York is the epicenter of the United States, but I would say that a 7-Eleven is the epicenter of everything. And that's why they tried to bomb on 9-Eleven. They actually got it wrong by a couple. I think you're right. Hey.

My family died in 9-Eleven.

That doesn't sound true. You know, I'll tell you, when 9-Eleven happened, I immediately took a chocolate bath, and it was so lovely. Just got rid of it. Just got rid of all that kind of... All the toxins.

All those toxins that were just... All those negative toxins.

Quick question, if I may.

Would you say that spas expel toxins or tension? Well, it's a little bit of both, isn't it? We have a therapy that I've just been doing. I love it. It costs $2,000. And it's a crystal rub. And what we do is we break crystals on you. I've seen her movies. Crystal rub.

Oh, yeah. An example of wordplay, the likes of which Mike Kaplan...

Oh, people don't... Yeah, I love it. I love the tomfoolery that is a part of the show. I've seen his movies. Yeah.

You thought you're not on your game. You're real quick today. It's a Sunday.

It makes sense. Maybe I relaxed this morning. It makes sense. It's really lovely. I came here to talk to you guys about 10 truths about sun protection.

I know it's summertime, and I figured this would be a lot of fun for us to play a true and false game. Now, hold on a second. Because now it seems to me like you go to a spa to get more sun. The few times I've been to a spa, my honeymoon maybe, I got a robe, a terry cloth robe.

I wrapped it around my naked body and then I went out into the sun and I opened it up and allowed everyone to see and behold the whiteness and the pale city that just existed underneath my chin area, just my whole body. And I just kind of let it all hang out and just let it go. And I got the sun inside my body and I just kind of let it all fly. And I ended up with a little bit of tan. And it was an important part of the spa experience. And I just thought that maybe going to the spa you would want to get a little more sun rather than have less sun.

I believe that's the end of my question. That's not true at all.

Now, let me go. I will tell you here. I'm going to play a game. I'm going to play a game of I'm just fine. That's not true at all.

And case closed. All that you just said is not true.

What you just experienced is not true. That was a 70 part question. Not true.

Every bit of it was. And yet there was a lot of yes's and no's in it.

Yeah, I know. Which is misleading. Maybe you're just agreeing that yes, you feel that way.

I'm just going to go find the myths about sunscreen. Oh, this is in the recent issue?

Because where the fuck is this? Shit. I can't fucking find the fucking thing in here. God damn it. Is your magazine sort of hard to...

No, it's not. Just give me a fucking minute.

Does your magazine have a table of contents? You know what? Back off, assholes.

Okay. Okay. Here it is. Myth number one. Myth number one. I got tens.

You guys, is this a myth?

A fact? Or a fiction? It's a fun game, right?

Okay, the difference between a fiction and a myth would be that if something is...

Myth means it's existed for a long, long time. It's mythological and the stories have been told about it.

It's like Theseus or Midator. There's got to be a half animal.

Going outside is good. Half animal sounds like my last date.

With the Muppet character? Don't let the cat out of the bag.

Oh my gosh. I love those Muppets.

Going outside is good. Is that true or false?

Or a myth? Myth, fact, or fiction?

It happens a lot in myths. I don't remember the ancient Grecians talking about that. Most of the myths take place outside.

That's true. And they didn't really have a lot of indoor space in Greece at the time.

They had a lot of columns. A lot of columns, but that's not open air.

Is a gazebo outside? I think they would have put some of those columns together and make a wall. Technically, you can still be outside in in shade, but you need the vitamin D from the sun. Yes, going outside is good.

I'm going to say that's a truth. No. It's a fact. It's a false fact.

Wait a minute. That wasn't one of the options.

It was truth or myth or fiction. Now we're in false fact.

Because what we all are trying to do is play within the rules of the game.

So let's break out. It's a false fact. Outside is bad.

Now we get it. Outside. No one should ever leave their house.

Fact. Oh, great. We're pretty good at that. You are.

You said there were ten, though, and I feel like we've only gotten one. Well, I don't want to get through all ten.

I thought that one was really good. I could talk to you about different spots, but I can give you another fact. You don't want to do the other nine?

You said there were ten. Well, I feel like you guys, you know, you got it.

Okay. Fact number four. All right. Fact number four.

Fact or fiction or myth? Fact. Fiction. True fiction.

Fact fiction, myth fiction, or faction?

Fractionally true. Here we go. Are you ready? No.

Okay. But. Thank you. Are you ready now?

Yes and. Lips. And no.

Lips. Uh huh. Tips, tip, tip of the tongue. Okay.

Lips. We've all got them. Lips are the most dangerous thing to have on human being for sun.

You're very concerned with the sun. These are tips about sunscreen. Oh, okay. I may have forgotten the premise.

I think. Disagree. Disagree.

Wait, hold on. Let's all get a quorum here. Disagree from Mike. Colin, what do you got?

Lips are the most dangerous thing to have in the sun. It would be more dangerous to have a magnifying glass. Oh, yeah. Dangerous for whom, though? For ants?

I mean, if you had it above your head. I do do a dog salon.

Have you ever been to a dog salon? Your dogs need to get salons too. Okay. Dog salons.

Dog spa. You went to one, you say? I did. To review it.

It was fantastic. They treated me very good. The food was terrible.

Yes thumbs? Thumbs yes. Good thumbs yes on that. Thumbs yes. Dog spa should be called a spa.

Not bad. Mike Kaplan. I like that. Boom. You get Christopher Lloyd in there. Christopher Lloyd. Great spa. Great spa.

Yeah. Oh, I like that guy from Taxi.

Okay, so lips. Where do you fall on the subject of lips?

I'm going to say. Good or bad? I'm going to say that lips are good. So that is fact fiction, fact fiction, faction, or falcion. I'm going to go with falcion. Falcion. Lips are bad. That's what you're saying is false. I don't even know anymore. Are lips bad?

Lips are bad. Let's simplify this. Are lips bad?

That's it. Fact fiction, fact fiction, faction, or falcion.

Okay, I'm going to go with the total faction, falcion. That's good that Mike. True. True. Guess what? You all are wrong.

What? I could have guessed that. What is it then? It wasn't even part of the article. Oh. You wouldn't even know that. That's an audible trick. That was an audible. To see if you guys have been reading a spa magazine. None of us have, nor will we. Well, that's how I know who I'm talking to. Have you ever been to a spa? No.

How then are you qualified? I haven't left my house.

I watch certain things on the telly and I make my judgments based on that. Now, you call it a telly.

Where are you from? Where am I from? In the United States.

Or elsewhere? Good question. I'm not from the United States. Ah, I knew something was afoot. Yeah. I am from Iraq. Okay.

What were you doing there? I'm living. Uh-huh. Not a lot of spas there. Well, no. I'm going there because of real estate market. Oh, yeah. It's the new Detroit. Oh, yeah, yeah. Just swooping in there. A lot of foreclosures. Well, I can understand why you wouldn't want to leave your house. Yeah, well, I love living. I love living. Look, it's not about politics. None of us said it was.

I was thinking it. I was thinking it was. I mean, part of you guys are thinking, you're judging me when I say Iraq. Iraq is a dirty word to you Americans.

I mean, it is a four letter word, but only in English. So Oh, I like I'm going to start using that. I have a t-shirt.

Sure you do. You're wearing it. Yeah. Yeah. I have a t-shirt and on the t-shirt it has a picture of you guys are going to you guys are going to get laughing.

I thought it was going to be of you guys. Yeah. It is of you guys.

What? Wow. That is great. And what are we doing? You are all sitting around and you're playing a rock paper scissors. Okay. And one of you is judging it. And then did you say Iraq paper scissors? I wish I wish I did. Wait a minute. So we're all playing, but one of us is judging it.

It seems like a conflict of interest. I have the glasses, so I think it's me. Okay. Well, let's see on the shirt. Colin and Mike are on either side and Colin has put out a big rock and then Mike has put out a rock and then Scott, you are judging it. And on the shirt it just says, okay, next one.

That's the shirt I have. That is an amazing shirt.

And how did the three of us come to be on a shirt we had never met before? This program.

Well, I didn't tell you this, but I have a bit of clairvoyance.

Really? I do think about things. Were you bitten by a cake bug by any chance? You were. Shaking his head.

Oh my god. This is an epidemic. He's nodding his head. I was bitten by a cake bug and it allowed me to see things in the future. Wow! You are only the second person I've ever met who was bitten by a cake bug. Who was the first? Well, cake boss, obviously. He's the most famous of it. But my cake bug is different.

In what manner? Well, it affected me like that movie Limitless.

You guys see Limitless? You were bored to death?

Oh, you mean the character. So I took this drug. Get back to the cake. The cake bite. I was bitten by a cake bug and it allowed me to see into the future and into the past. Oh, in the past. That's a new wrinkle. Like Marilulu Henner. I can remember everything about everything. That happened to Marilulu Henner? Yes.

That's the only thing I can see is anything that's happened to Marilulu Henner.

Wow. Marilulu. Yes. That's powerful. You were there when she changed your name. Well, she cut off the last Lulu because when her parents came over from Ellis Island, they felt that she couldn't get a job. Yeah. Too Jewish. Too Jewish.

Wow. And that's just one of many facts that you remember from her life. Give me a date and I'll tell you what Marilulu Henner was doing.

Let me think. Okay. How about June 13th. June 13th, 2011.

That was just a couple of days ago. Yeah. So it should be easier to figure it out? Yeah, much easier. Okay. Well, it was a balmy day.

She was in. What day of the week was this? The day of the week.

Oh, I always am good at this. Wednesday. And I don't think that's right. What? Is it not right? I don't think that's right. Maybe she didn't look at a calendar that day. Oh, are we using American calendars? Oh, okay. I'm so sorry. It's always off of mind. We thought we had you.

We thought we had you. Dang. So this is June 11th we said 2011. Something like that. She was taking a giant shit.

That's all she was doing. That's all she did all day.

I feel like that's all that you would say no matter what day we said. Give me a no. No. Okay, let me give you another date. Give you another date. Here we go.

Okay, so April 26th, 1979.

It's gonna be giant shit again. Tuesday. Tuesday, yeah.

It was a tough morning. In what way?

It was very balmy. Oh, yeah. That's tough. And what country does she live in? It's constantly balmy. Well, she's in a lot of balmy places.

She was taking... She's taking what now?

She was taking a giant shit that day. It was very...

I feel like you guys are tricking me. I feel like you guys are tricking me by giving me these dates. I think I'm psychic now.

There's a lot of dates. Were you bitten by a cake bug? I just predicted the other giant shit. I think I'm only shit related. What happened? She wakes up in the morning, takes a giant shit. How long does that take? She wakes up in the morning, looks over old taxi scripts, gives herself notes on what she could have done better, what she could have done worse. Does she ever take a shit on one of the old taxi scripts? No.

I haven't been. Those are masterpieces. They're masterpieces. Plus, she doesn't know how to scan them in to make them PDFs, so she would lose the scripts forever.

So that would be... If she could scan... This is something where I know from knowing inside Maryluluhenner's mind is if she could scan them and make them into a PDF, she would then shit on the original script. So she has a burning desire to do so. Okay. But she respects the ancient artifacts. Yes. She doesn't want to wreck the material.

It's sort of like the Shroud of Turin. Everyone wants to take a shit on the Shroud of Turin, but you just don't have a chance to do it because there's not another one there. Until we figure out how to 3D render it. Yeah, put that into a PDF. But Doritos bags, that's why everyone does it on Doritos, because there's so many of them. What is going on at these spas you hang out in?

People taking shits in Doritos? Well, you get them at the 7-Eleven. Oh.

I'm going to come clean with a lot of you guys. Yeah. How about all of us?

No. Three out of four. Three out of four would be great for me.

I don't want to take that much. Frank, your muffs. I do work at a 7-Eleven. Ah, that's... I was going to say. I work at a 7-Eleven.

I see you guys coming in and out of the studio all the time. Oh, so wait, you work at the one right across the street? I do indeed. Oh, no wonder.

And I remember I sold you four Ken Jeong hangover cups for Hangover 2. Yeah, I love him. He was the last one that I needed out of my four sets. It was really great. The 44 answers? Yeah.

Four on 44s. I was the one who said to the head of 7-Eleven Corporation, because we all have a very open policy. They say, email us anytime.

They're like Steve Jobs of convenience stores. I said to them, go one bigger than Gungulp. We used to only have Gulp's in the store, and then I came up with the Big Gulp.

Oh, wow. You're the guy behind the guy. Yeah, we only had Gulp's. And that's how you came to be the editor of Spa Magazine? Spa Magazine's a ruse.

Oh, okay. You just bought Spa Magazine at the 7-Eleven. This is one of the Spa...

I just used this to get in here, because I just wanted to get on the show. Get your foot in the door, huh?

Find out what's going on and sell this t-shirt that I have made of all of you.

I think you really could have just opened with the t-shirt. Like, hey, I have a psychic...

I would have had you on the show just from that. I saw three of you walk in. Now it makes sense.

I made a t-shirt, and I wanted to come over here, and I know this is the Ear Wolf. You have a silkscreen in the back there? I do. I do. I make a bunch of different... I have a lot of different shirts. There's one with a picture of a hamburger, and it says, who wants ice cream? Then, of course, there was Rango. I love Rango. It says, I've seen it. And then, I've seen it. Now, is that the S-C-E-N-E?

That's where my mind went. Yeah. Okay, great. That makes it way more sense. Yeah, because I'm also a screenwriter.

Okay, so now I would have had you on just for your t-shirt collection. Oh, I have a bunch of great t-shirts.

I would love to hear more about these. Okay, so the burger that says, who wants ice cream? Great.

Now, I love that particular t-shirt. That sounds great. If we could sell those at the Ear Wolf store, I would love to do that. One hamburger, who wants ice cream?

One on the front, one on the back, or that's all on the front? It's all on the front, because the back could cost too much to print.

You're right. I don't have that much. Do you have a pocket tee?

Like a little pocket to keep your keys in? I would like to have that. I have a pocket, and on the pocket, it says, inside here is a heart. Wow, that's actually not a bad t-shirt. Yeah, so be gentle with me. You guys gotta get together and start selling these on the website. Yeah, I'd love to hear a few more of your ideas.

You got the hamburger, you got the one of the three of us. I have a pair of Dockers pants.

Can I say Dockers on here? Sure, yeah, we're not clear for that.

You can't say pants, though. Oh, okay. Dockercinos, Dockers slacks, and it says, just simply on it, I love this so much, it says, tonight.

Okay, and it just ends there?

On the Dockers, on the slacks. It's sort of like letting people know that tonight is going to be a night that you're going to dress up a little bit.

Is it like a racing stripe? No, it just says tonight. On the butt? On the butt. Oh, I like that.

I would like to do butt shorts. One with two cupcakes on either side, and it says custard or cream, and then where the taint area is, it says you decide. It seems like a lot of people wouldn't get that view. Not a lot of people would see that part. Well, that's part of the fun is that they're secret t-shirts. Yeah, there's a lot of people out there wondering. Secret t-shirts.

Secret pants, secret t-shirts, all that sort of stuff. Secret shorts. Shorts so secret that they're a t-shirt.

I mean, why do you have to share with everybody what you're thinking on the shirts?

I have a lot of t-shirts that on the inside there's written things down. So, yeah, on the outside it says a plain red shirt, but on the inside it says something like, stop, bring back segregation. Wait, hold on, hold on.

Really? What? You sell those? Well, yeah, they're one of my best sellers. Well, people think they're buying just a regular red t-shirt. No, no, people know. So, basically, it's for people who have very strong viewpoints about segregation, but they want to advertise that, but they don't want to show it to everybody. So, it's more of like when you take it off in your house and you throw it on the floor.

All my shirts do say that on the inside.

That's very strange, because I know, like, I would, maybe when I try a shirt on, I close my eyes. So, I can't see that. No, we all do. Yeah, we all, every time you try on any piece of clothing, you close your eyes. Look inside your shirt right now, see what it says.

You bought that shirt at the 7-Eleven? No. I think I get what this is really about. No, no, no, it says something else. This is about when you go home with somebody, you sleep with somebody, and then in the morning, while you're still asleep, and they get up and they're looking through your clothes, and then they see that you're a horrible racist. Well, aren't, but wait, let's not judge. Isn't that the way you're feeling? No, it's not the way I'm feeling. Ironically. How many of these t-shirts have you sold?

God, I have the upwards of 250,000. What? Whoa, are you rich?

Extremely. Then what are you doing running a 7-Eleven?

It keeps me grounded, kind of like Andy Kaufman when he used to bust things.

This guy is deceptive, and I don't like this.

I didn't, and this is why I'm here, you sell deceptive shirts, you deceptive us with your spa. Are you embroiled in any kind of lawsuits?

Dozens. Right now, one is for euthanizing dogs. A lawsuit that you're involved in? With a shirt?

Is the shirt involved? No, the shirts are not involved. I run a company to put dogs to sleep.

Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, and so the government's cracking down on me.

So it's a peaceful way to put your dogs to sleep. So say you get a dog for Christmas and you want to put him to sleep by New Year's, you know, I'll do that. That's pretty soon, right? There's nothing wrong with these dogs? No, they're totally fine.

I'm kind of like a... No kind of waiting period?

I'm kind of like a fun Dr. Kevorkian of sorts, but that is just one of my many lawsuits. One of a fun Dr.

Kevorkian. A fun one. Because I mean, yeah, you want to... He was so serious.

Well, you know, look, we all saw the movie, I mean...

Which movie? You don't know Jack? No, the one with the dogs that go to space. Oh, all dogs go to space. Limitless.

Limitless. There was a good dog in that. I love the dog in that. There's a great one in that.

You're talking about all dogs go to heaven. They don't go to space. They go up to heaven. No, there's a movie where dogs go... It's called Air Buddies.

It's a Disney movie. And a lot of people saw that Disney movie.

I thought that was about a basketball playing dog. That's Air Bud. Well, not one of the sequels. Maybe it's called Space Buddies. Either or, people see 101 Dalmatians. They want to buy Dalmatians. Your point of view is very difficult to pin down. I have to say, you came in here with a spa magazine, and then you started talking about 7-elevens, and then t-shirts, and then you very quickly moved into pants. Do you not like entrepreneurs? I mean, I do. It's just...

I guess you would say the same thing about, oh, Bill Gates, you came in here talking about your computers, and then you talk about your iPhones, and then you talk about your iPods, and then you talk about your... You talk about your Pixar, and your Cars 2.

Bill Gates didn't do iPods. No, he didn't come in here either. That's the other problem.

I would love to have them on. Who saw Cars 2? None of us.

Neither did I. But I do want some spoilers. If I didn't sleep late yesterday, I could have. There are plenty of spoilers in that movie.

Plenty of victory. On me. On the Cars. On the Cars. On the Cars. On the Cars.

That actually is not my real name. Okay.

I hesitate to ask, what is your real name? I don't like to share my real name, because people make fun of me. It has power. Well, at least, I mean, we're all friends here.

I do have a certain... I have my super power, which is I get to see Mary Lou Hinner's past.

And future. Oh, you get to see her future.

Oh, yeah. But not the present. Give me a date in the future. No idea what she's doing.

If you ask me right now what she's doing, I can guess. I can tender a guess based on the hours previous. That you've spent gazing into her future.

In five minutes, you can tell us what she's doing right now. Yes. But I couldn't tell you what she's doing right now.

She's probably eating. Alright, here we go. Tomorrow.

What is she doing tomorrow? What day is tomorrow? Monday. No, no, no. You have to give me the actual date.

Oh, okay. I'm not sure what the date is. The 27th?

27th? Yeah. June 27th. June 27th is Monday.

Oh, now it's Monday. People are listening to this on June 27th.

It's a balmy day. Is it balmy tomorrow, really? Oh, okay. That's right.

Wherever she's living. Oh, looks like she got a PDF scanner.

Oh my gosh. And she's scanning in an episode.

Which one is it? Is it the one where Latke and his girlfriend were really freezing in the taxi? No, this is the one where Jim gets his E.T. pin. Jim is Christopher Lloyd.

Yeah, yeah. Look at that. Great spot. Okay.

She's just scanned in the last paper and she's printing it out.

She's now pulling up her skirt. Okay.

She's taking a giant shit on Instagram. She must not have liked that episode.

Do you ever see her eating anything? Why is she taking so many giant shits?

I don't like to intrude on people's that part of their lives.

But wait. Nevermind. Kylie, what is your real name?

My real name is Clay Aiken. Okay. Clay, you're crazy. You're a kook, but thank you for being on the show.

Let's take a break. I love you. Let's take a break. When we come back, we will play a little game. This is Colin Hanks. This is Mike Kaplan. This is Clay Aiken on the world famous Comedy Bang Bang.

C'est dentro l'anima Tu mi legesi Sentante lacrime Tu mi vedessi Un squerdon palpito Avrei dati Sentante lacrime Tu mi vedessi Un squerdon palpito Avrei dati Hey, we are back. And right before that commercial, we heard Rimprovero by Peewee Herman. And we are here with Colin Hanks and Mike Kaplan and Clay Aiken. Yes. Not to be confused. Yeah, no, not that one.

With Clay Aiken. Not the Clay Aiken, the one who has claymates. Do you have any claymates? You know what? No, but I am into claymation. Okay.

I do. Mr. Bill and the like. I did a very successful claymation for a while. I don't even want to talk about it, really. Oh, I would love it if you did, though.

Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer. I guess it gets a lot of play around Christmas time. Wait, you did that?

Is your real name Rankin Bass? My father is Rankin Bass. Wait, so he did that, not you. Well, whatever.

You can't just take credit for things that your father does. He probably killed and ate his father.

You don't see Colin Hanks doing that over here. I did do City of Crime.

I did make a music video in the 80s for a film called Dragnet that was choreographed by Paul Abdul. Look it up, by the way. City of Crime.

Great video. Great, great video. Directed the video, too. Oh, Paula directed the video?

No, I did. Oh, you did? Oh, okay, yeah, yeah. I was eight. That's why the camera looked shaky.

Tell us about one more of your t-shirts. Okay, so this is a t-shirt. This is fun for parents and kids.

And it's a picture of just a tricycle and there's a shoe in front of the wheel of the tricycle and it says, sorry, Charlie, Sally's dead. Oh, okay.

I get that. That actually makes a little more sense than your other ones. And that's not for single people. That's just for parents and kids. Just for parents and kids. Uh-huh. Okay, I like that.

And what we would do is we would change it to the name of the deceased child that you have. Uh-huh.

That's a way for parents to tell their kids. Wait, so instead of Charlie?

We always say Charlie. It's for parents who have children that have passed away and they're having trouble expressing it to their other children. Will you euthanize the children? Is that part of it?

If that is what's necessary, you can give the children the same amount of poison that you give a small puppy because their bodies are small.

I'm very uncomfortable by all of this. You're saying the parents on the killing, this is a way that they could have expressed to their children. I didn't like the end of the killing. No, but I'm saying they wore these t-shirts and had a better time of it rather than take their kids out on the beach flying the kite around. Exactly. Instead of telling the kids, you wear a funny t-shirt and they go, oh, my little sister or brother is dead. It's a bereavement trick. Good icebreaker? Yeah. I'm actually, and I'm disappointed that you guys even said the name of the killing because I didn't even know that there was a killing. Oh, yeah, no.

Sorry, I got a lot of victory.

Oh, what is that? Hold up.

What is going on? What is happening? Did someone open one of those tunnels?

Hold up. Hey.

Wait, who is this? Hey, everybody. Oh, my God. It's me.

It's the ghost of Nate Dogg. Oh, my gosh. The ghost of Nate Dogg is here.

How's everybody doing? Not bad. I didn't expect this.

Hold up. Hey. I'm holding up. Don't worry.

I heard about a guy in this room that was selling t-shirts. That'd be me.

It involves death.

Where are you from, Nate Dogg? Your accent is very hard to place. I have a very low voice. People have low voices everywhere, man. Hold up. Hold up. Hey. He's a friend of Garth Brooks.

Oh, yeah, that's right. From Houston. Scare people every day.

Oh, amending those lyrics to make more sense.

I need a shirt. I need a shirt for my family. As a ghost? Tell them that I'm dead.

Okay, yeah. Well, we could definitely go, hey, sorry, Charlie, Nate's dead.

Yeah, that would be a great icebreaker. How did you die? How did you die? With gunshots?

No, it was some sort of a health problem, wasn't it? Yeah, you can't just automatically assume because he's...

Well, we all know that 90% of rappers were killed by something. Hey, what the fuck?

That's not fair. I'm just saying. What, are you a racist?

No, but my shirt is. Colin, what do you think about the ghost of Nate Dogg here? He's very frightening right now. Yeah, he's saying right next to you.

He's kind of on your mic. He's kind of on my mic. He's very...

Floating apparitions. He's kind of up in my grill, so to speak.

Normally I'm afraid of a ghost, but he's just more, he's like invading your personal space.

It's just, he's obviously not very aware of personal space. Yeah, do you get a ghostly chill? Is he passing through you at all? Yeah, ghosts can operate, they can exist in the same spot like a quark.

Whoa, what's making you cough? I don't...

Oh my gosh. What? You were just coughing. I was coughing.

Yeah, do you not remember what just happened to you? What happened? You were coughing. Yeah.

The ghost of Nate Dogg was here. You started coughing, it passed through you. A ghost?

A ghost, yeah. A southern ghost from Texas, I believe. With a low voice?

Low-ish, not as low as Nate Dogg. When you die, your voice gets a little higher, that's what they say. Your hair keeps growing and your voice gets higher. Wait, of Nate Dogg?

Yeah, of Nate Dogg. Of like, DLBC Nate Dogg.

Yeah, like of Regulate with Warren G. Yeah. Has anyone ever seen an interview with him? I can't say that I have.

I saw an interview with him once. He's got an incredibly high voice.

Oh, okay. It's complete... When he sings.

No, no, no. When he sings, it's very... When he sings hold up? Very low. Yeah, it's very low, but then when he talks, it's very high. Oh, I had no idea. Yeah, so that was probably a fake ghost. Oh, that makes sense.

So if you watch an interview with him, he has a higher voice, so that was probably a fake ghost.

Yes, it was probably a fake ghost. Wait, was it a real ghost of somebody else pretending to be Nate Dogg's ghost? I am wearing ghost pheromone.

That explains a little bit. Is that what... Yeah.

And actually, Nate Dogg himself, I don't think would have been that upset at being a ghost, because he lived...

He did die in his 40s, but that is like hundreds in human years.

That is hundreds in human years. It's like 280. Yeah.

I put two rappers to sleep.

Of the Dogg Pound? Are they... Alright, guys, I have no idea what's happening in this show right now, but the one thing I do know is it is time to play Would You Rather. Oh.

Shut up! I'm listening to the Would You Rather theme song!

What is happening? Just...

Did Colin just yell at me? Sorry.

This music is great. Alright. Sorry, I just feel very powerful when I hear that theme song. It's time to play Would You Rather.

We have three players today. We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios at CBBWIR on Twitter, and I read them out loud, and I will open the floor for questions, and people can ask me any question they like to help them narrow down their choice, and once they do, they will choose. We will assign points to their choices, and then we will determine who is the winner. That seems simple enough.

Are you guys ready? Ready. Ready. Ready.

Are you sure you're alright, Colin? I'm fine. You look very out of sorts. You're sweaty.

I just, ever since this cough that you guys told me that I did, I just feel like there's something... Ever since this cough you told me that I did.

I don't recall doing a cough. I don't remember. Something happened. Very bizarre.

Would you like a super big gulp? Yeah, do you have... I only have the Ed Helms cups left.

That's fine, but do you have any... Those are the least popular? No, they're very popular. I just held a surplus of them for collectibles. Oh, okay. Okay, as long as you...

Do you have code red? Mountain Dew? What I do is I have Mountain Dew, and I just push the cherry button, and then it all works out. Yeah, as long as there's red shit in.

Alright, let's play the game. Alright, let's play the game. Here we go. My deformed elbow, aka Greg Brown, sends us Would You Rather have a manic, depressive unicorn for a pet, or do audio commentary for Citizen Kane with Larry the Cable Guy?

Oh, that's easy. Don't choose yet, though. Okay, sorry. Would you rather have a manic, depressive unicorn for a pet, or do audio commentary for Citizen Kane with Larry the Cable Guy?

Alright, I'm opening the floor for questions. Anything to help you determine your choice, go ahead and ask me, and I will answer to the best of my ability, because I have all the information right here in front of me. Is a manic, depressive unicorn dangerous? Great question. Very dangerous, yes.

To others, mainly, not to you. You've learned how to tame it. Okay.

Basically, what you have to do is you have to put a magic lasso around him, and once you've tamed him, and once you've wrestled him to the ground, then he will do anything that you say and become your pet.

Well, then I have a question that kind of competes with that, then. Is Larry the Cable Guy when watching Citizen Kane dangerous? You also have to do the same thing to him.

You have to wrestle him to the ground, tie a lasso around him. It doesn't have to be a magic one.

No, just any lasso will do. Regular lasso. Yeah, and he'll go, and that will let you know that you've tamed him, and you get three wishes from him.

But it's not so much just depressed, it's also manic. Yeah.

No, but it sounds also codependent, eventually, because you're the only person that can take care of this unicorn. Yeah. And you're the only person that can do... But if the unicorn can't talk, I mean, who cares?

Well, can the unicorn talk? Of course it does. Yeah, see, this is why we play the game.

The unicorn constantly talks. Gotta ask a question. Doing rapid cycling, just the ups, the downs, the lows, the highs, and...

Saying things like, winning, and things like that. Yeah, I don't know what that's in reference to, but stuff like that, yeah. You know, he'd probably go, winning!

I love it. Yeah, so one of your wishes, when you get Larry the Cable Guy, is to do the DVD commentary. And he is more than happy to oblige.

Well, he has to. And then that's it. For 90 minutes, or whatever it is, the length of the film, that's it. That's all you have. It's a longer movie. Isn't it longer than 90 minutes?

I think so. I only saw the one on TV where he is, you know, he works at a car dealership, and then they make him the president, and then, you know, it's like that one. Are you talking about The Goods?

The Don Reddy Story? Yes. Okay, see, that's a totally different movie. That's not Citizen Kane?

No, no, no, no, no. I was wondering why people talk so highly about that movie. Yeah. Okay, well then, I've not seen Citizen Kane.

Okay, no, yeah, you decidedly have not. Yeah.

So it's not The Goods. That would be great to get to do commentary on a movie you've never seen.

Yeah. Oh, well, actually, great question. I know it wasn't one, but Larry the Cable Guy is an expert on... You just find that out.

Kind of like a Roger Ebert-esque character. Yeah.

He knows more about Citizen Kane than Pauline Kael knew about it. Wow.

He is in there with RKO, you know, 781 or whichever one it was. He's in there with, like, Joseph Cotton trivia.

You know, he's sitting there. He could detail every vice Herman J. Mankiewicz had. But what would be the down... Can you ask that question? What would be the downside of doing it with Larry the Cable Guy? Well, that's why you have to ask me questions. You make it very...

Do you have to hang out with Larry the Cable Guy, like, beyond that time period? That was my original question.

Great question. Well, he owes you two more wishes, and, frankly, you're sick of him at the end of the one wish. Can you wish for him to go away? No, you never think of that.

That's the one wish that you can't think of. So instead, you just spend the rest of your life wishing he would go away internally, but not externally. Not saying it, so he never...

Bitter irony. But you could use two of those wishes, so you could maybe get one wish, which is to own the United States, and he could live in California, and you could live in New York. Great theory.

You could own the United States, and then choose which state to live in. Yeah.

Or you could just choose which state to live in. Oh, okay. Well, I guess I... You don't have to own it.

Oh, okay. But you could also own it. That's a good point.

That was one of my wishes, yeah. Any more questions to narrow down your choices here?

I'm feeling like this Larry the Cable Guy is going to come and bite me in the buttocks.

I don't think that's part of his act, but I'm sure if you bought him, he could do that if you wanted.

There's no buying of Larry the Cable Guy, by the way. You merely wrestle him. Well, no, but I mean, clearly, you're talking about buying the entire United States. No, you buy the United States, of course.

That's a wish. It's a wish of mine. But you don't buy Larry the Cable, it kind of comes from...

Maybe that's his wish. Maybe in your America. Wishing to buy a person, that's 400 years ago.

Yeah. And apparently, the inside of a bunch of different shirts. And he has no cable repair, especially at all. So he's not... No, as a matter of fact, in the middle of recording the DVD commentary, your connections go out, and he has no idea what to do.

Oh, okay. I have one more question.

Does Larry the Cable Guy already know who Rosebud is, and will he be asking throughout the entire movie, what the fuck is Rosebud?

No, he already knows what it is. That's his first thing. He's like, you've never seen it before. You're recording the commentary. He's like, oh, by the way, Rosebud, it's a sled. Spoiler!

Victory to me! That's a great impression, by the way.

That sounds exactly like him. By the way, have you heard my Nate talk?

So you can... Spoiler! So you can hold up.

So you can live with a manic-depressive talking unicorn who has highs and lows and says hilarious things like winnie-ing or you can spend the rest of your life with Larry the Cable Guy who can grant you one wish, which is the one to do the commentary.

And then you just spend the rest of your life going, oh, I wish this guy would just leave me alone.

But only internally, yeah. So basically, you are saddled. You don't know you have three wishes.

That's the problem. The problem with the Larry the Cable Guy thing is you don't know that you have three wishes. So a Quebec fighter on you, too, you could say I wish I had more fries, and then blululup, and then there's a huge pile of fries and I use one of my wishes.

That's what happened to you with the DVD commentary. You wrestle Larry the Cable Guy to the ground and you throw a lasso around him, and then he's like, alright, well, you did it, and then you say, man, I wish I could do DVD commentary of Citizen Kane with you. And he goes, coming up!

What this really boils down to is the difference between wishing for things for yourself or for others. No, this is for charity, though. You guys didn't ask about that.

Okay. But I was saying, if you pick the unicorn, then you're safe and you have a unicorn and it's great you have a friend, but he could murder everyone that you know, or she couldn't.

And he or she does not grant you wishes. But Scott, the real question is, and this is a question I think all your listeners have been wondering, is what format is the commentary coming out on?

Is it coming out on Blu-Ray? Is it coming out on LaserDisc, Beta, VHS?

Well, it's a DVD commentary. It's there in the actual digital video desk.

So you couldn't get it on Netflix? It'll be on the DVD, and then it'll also, they'll make a TV show about it so that people are introducing the DVD commentary and they teach you how to make a pasta dish. When will Netflix let you have commentary? That is another great question that we should figure out at some point.

Alright, I'm closing up the floor for questions. Here we go. Alright, we're going to have to vote.

Mike Kaplan, how do you like to vote? Larry the Cable Guy. And why is that? Because I think it would be selfish to risk everyone getting murdered just so I don't have to be sad forever.

Well, you don't have a lot of friends, though. No, I do now. You've got Zach Sherwin.

I have a lot of, I have a great number of friends. Great quality and quantity.

I've only mentioned one, but I have plenty. All I've heard about is this one guy.

I don't want to single anyone else out. I'll be able to single the one guy out. That's all. You can only single one guy out. If I said somebody else, then that would be doubling. Chris Hardwick never had a problem with singling people out. He did it every day. He's a good guy. Well, he got paid to do that.

I'm not getting paid to single it. I would love to pay you to do it. Okay, you want me to say other people's names that I'm friends with? Yes. Josh Gondelman.

Sam Cousnets. Clay Aiken.

Colin Hanks. You're hanging out with Clay Aiken outside of the show?

The real Clay Aiken. Oh, okay, great. I mean, I'm not saying you're not real.

That happens so much to me. I look on people's Facebook pages, I'm a fan of Clay Aiken.

I think, oh, and I write them a little message and they go, not you. They also say fan of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer. It makes you feel good, too. Yeah, well, my father.

Oh, now you've gone the other way on it. Well, I mean, it's, yeah, it's mine, but you know, he never let me live it down. It was my idea. Oh, okay. All right. Colin, how do you like to vote?

I'm going to go with the unicorn because I like pets. Yeah, it's nice to have a pet. I like pets.

And I'm just going to pray to God that that unicorn doesn't know any label to carry cable guide bits. Colin, I thought we were friends from before when I said we were friends. And now you're arguing with me. From the beginning of the show till the end of the show. Oh, we've never had this.

A debate mid would you rather. We've never had it. I love it.

Would you rather finish this debate or not? Yeah, let's hear it. This is like the Lincoln and Douglas debate. Well, but. Kaplan and Hanks squaring off. I still I don't understand what. I'm Lincoln. Okay. Well, that I have a beard. Yeah, that makes sense. And headphones. You should shave the mustache part of your beard if we're going to continue. Did Lincoln have glasses when he was reading his debates?

He may have. He was smart enough to get them. Maybe he was a dummy, though. Maybe he didn't get them. No, no, no, no. You want to know what? I'm Lincoln. Do you know why? And this is true. I am not making this up. Abe Lincoln was a vaginally born Hanks. Nancy Hanks was Lincoln's mother. I can't argue with that because I wasn't even vaginally born. I was C-section. So you're not really Jewish then? I guess I didn't come out of a Jewish vagina, if that's what you mean. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Wait, is that really you can't have tattoos and you can't come out of your mom's stomach? I have a tattoo and I came out of a stomach. Oh my god, you'll never be buried in a Jewish cemetery. I want to be cremated. You know what?

You can be buried in a pet cemetery, though. And he can arrange it. I don't want to be, though.

Now, hold on a second. You say you're an atheist, but you are Jewish because that's a race thing, right? It's the only race that's an actual religion as well. Well, I'm black. Pretty much. Yeah, we know the listeners know that. We didn't have to say. Obviously we know that.

That's why you feel so comfortable selling those shirts. I don't think of myself as Jewish, but everyone else does. So I accept that. When I say I'm Jewish or Jew-y or whatever it is, it's because other people are like, you're Jew-something. And I'm like, well, if everybody thinks something, then who am I to argue with it? Then it's true. It's at least fractionally true. And then sometimes I do argue with it because I am a Jew. I just want to point out that if your audience didn't know I was black, those segregation shirts would seem to be racist. What I'm advocating for is just, I just want to share water fountains of my own kind. I want to sit with my own kind.

I don't want to be next to all these stupid whiteys like I'm here right now. You know, I want to just be able to hang out with my friends. As someone who is related to Abraham Lincoln, I am against that. Okay. Alright, Clay, how do you like to vote? Here's my thought. You're both saddled with two horrible things that you would never want to have for the rest of your life. But one, you have to clean up their poop.

And that would be the unicorn. Yeah, Larry the Cable Guy. Wait, oh, you say the unicorn.

I think Larry the Cable Guy knows how to use a toilet. He talks about it a lot. Yeah.

So I'm going to say Laren Larry the Cable Guy.

Alright. Good vote.

He almost didn't say Larry the Cable Guy. Yeah, he said Laren, I believe. Laren.

Alright. Laren the Cable Guy. Laren the Cable Guy. Laren the Cable Guy. Well, guess what? Unicorn was the right answer. Colin Hanks, you are our grand winner for today.

And that is how we play Would You Rather. Yes.

Yes, sir. You did it, buddy. Yeah, be quiet. I'm listening to the theme song.

Oh, there he goes again. Are you still continuing with that cough thing that you were doing? The cough thing? Yeah, you coughed about ten minutes ago and then started acting crazy. There's something, yeah, there was something going out. I don't know what it was. It seems like we abandoned that.

There was something in the air that then... Oh, yeah, Phil Collins. It just...

What? Phil Collins. No, I like it. There was something in the... No, it's daytime.

That doesn't... Okay. It's daytime. Oh, yeah, that is true. When you shoot that. Yeah, no, I think it's safe to say that, well, that Nate Dogg actually really did die. Oh, okay, so what you're saying is he phased through you, lived within you for a little bit, and then he died, he passed on, he moved, he ascended.

Yeah. So it was not my perfume, my Ghost Pheromone perfume. It definitely is safe to say that. No. There's no danger in saying what you said. That will cause no controversy. It will cause no controversy.

Alright, guys, we are wrapping it up. We only have one segment left, and that is, of course, the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs!

The show is done, there's nothing left. No jokes, no laughs, no more fun until we have no more characters, no more comedy, so there's nothing left.

Nothing.

Just Plugs.

Plugs.

That was not us, that was him. It said there was no more comedy, and then they got that last one in. That is, Clay C sent us that.

That is the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs theme. That's beautiful.

You don't do that all the time? Well, people send these in, and we play a different one each week.

You should use that one all the time. Oh, okay, thank you. That one was good. Alright, guys, what do you have to plug? Let's start with Mike Kaplan. What do you got? Got dates?

I have tons of dates. I have tons of friends and tons of dates.

I'll name every date that I have. I'm going to San Francisco next week. Oh, Mary Lou Henner will be there.

She's gonna love that she's running through the bathroom, but she says, I love that Jewish guy on stage.

I'll be in Sacramento in July.

Wait, is Mary Lou Henner gonna be there? Yep. Wow. What's she doing?

She's eating a jalapeno. Oh, that did not go down well.

She came back to get the second part of your act, but it's not gonna happen. She is running right that bad. Does she ever make it through the remainder of Mike Kaplan's set? Never.

I do a different order every time.

In 2025, you're gonna do your set backwards, and she'll see the whole thing.

Wow. I look forward to that. I'll get working on that, but in the meantime, I'll be in LA again also in about a month, and then in Boston the end of July, and then And website? Where can people see you? MikeKaplan.com. And you spell your name MYQ, which is heavily talked about on other podcasts.

I chose to ignore it. I apologize if you want an apology. Not you, but the listeners, and you're welcome if you enjoy it.

Colin? Dexter?

You got any live dates? I've got no live dates, but I do have some I'm actually fundraising on Kickstarter for a documentary I'm making about Tower Records.

Talk about this just briefly, because I want to know why are you doing this. Super briefly, well, Mike Kaplan is going to Sacramento, which is my hometown, which is where Tower got its start. Which is where Brian Possein worked. Where I first bought a movie at Tower Records.

I bought a Joe Jackson CD there.

Tower Records started in Sacramento, Russ Solomon started selling records out of his father's drug store.

In the 40s, I believe?

Anyways, I've been spending a lot of time trying to get funding for this documentary so that we can finish it. So you've shot a lot of it already?

We've shot some of it already. And it's about the rise and sort of the rise and fall of Tower Records. Will you answer the question I've always had, which was I used to go to Tower Records in New York, when I used to do go-go dancing.

And there was the video, which was across the street.

There was three stores, but three different entrances. That was very difficult.

If you wanted to go to get the music, you go in one. If classical, another one. And video, another one.

What's the question? Is that covered at all?

That will be extensively covered in the second act. It's probably just some people don't like to look at things and some people don't like to listen to things. It's just really busy. Well, here's the deal. On Kickstarter, we're sort of asking people to get involved and sort of be involved and join us in the efforts of trying to make this movie. The very definition of a Kickstarter.

If you donate and become a backer of the film, maybe I'll cover that.

Look at that! Anyways, you can go to Kickstarter.com.

You can keyword search Tower Records. The film's called All Things Must Pass, The Rise and Fall of Tower Records. And if you become a backer, it would be really fun. Where do you fall on Sam Goody? It was never really big on Sam Goody. Did Goody actually have it?

I didn't think that Goody got it. Yeah, what about Ware? The Warehouse? Not a big fan.

How about The Wiz? I got a take one along with Mary Lou Henner. Do you know what I got last time I was at, a month ago at Amoeba Records?

Herbie's? An Uncabaret CD. Oh yeah, I remember that one. For like two dollars. It was great. Is it good, really? I bought a comedy death ray record at the Amoeba. Oh, that's so nice. I would have given you one for free.

Thanks for the post offer. And you can get my Clay Aiken album. In which?

Wait a minute, you did not. Bob Newhart and I did. I used to do the other side of the Bob Newhart phone calls. And then Warner Brothers cut me out of the majority of those albums. But you can find original copies. From what I heard, there was a lot of cursing. Oh, a lot. I would always be like, you gotta get over it. There's a fucking King Kong climbing up this building, Bobby. You know, and he would go, okay, what does he look like? I'm like, he's a fucking giant monkey climbing up this building. He's got a big black monkey dick. I can't believe they would cut that. That seems so... I would like to plug my new show. We're moving on to your plug. Here we go. I would like to plug my new show. It's on Fuse.

It's called CeeLo Talkin' to Strangers. And it's just CeeLo hangin' out. Title says it all.

There we go. Okay. That's great. I will plug on Friday. You can see me at the LA's UCB Theater for Dead Authors, which is Paula Tompkins' show, where guests such as I impersonate an author and talk about the book. And I believe I will be portraying Benjamin Franklin, someone whom I know nothing about.

Make sure you get the voice down. Yeah. Hold up.

Yeah. Not bad. That was a perfect Ben Franklin. That was a really good Ben Franklin.

All right. That does it, guys. Thank you so much for being here. I appreciate you coming out on so short notice. Next time, you don't have to lie, Clay. You can just tell me. You're a fascinating guy. Well, I'll bring over some of my T-shirts.

Oh, and the one that has a picture of Elle McPherson on the bottom, it says alien.

Okay. All right. We'll see you next week. That's Comedy Bang Bang. Bye.

Ear Wolf This has been an Ear Wolf Media Production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman. For more information, visit EarWolf.com.

Ear Wolf Radio. Boom. Dot com.

Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.

The wolf dead.
