---
layout: page
title: 111. Harris Wittels, Auction Winner David Guy Levy, ？？？ [6040⧸20994].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Coming up on the show today, an old favorite returns. A new favorite, perhaps? He is introduced, and he has a surprise for us that is so surprising, even I have no idea what it is. That is all coming up on today's...

That is right. It is Comedy Bang Bang. Welcome. I am Hot Saucerman. I'm your intrepid host.

For the remainder of the program. The remainder meaning all of it. Happy Independence Week to you and to you. I assume there's two of you listening currently at the same time. To a household, that's what I say. Double up on this. You know what I would rather you do? If there's two people in a household listening, download it twice. What do you say? Give us a more accurate number.

I am Hot Saucerman. This is Comedy Bang Bang. We have an incredible show today, and I can't wait to get to it. Wow, I'm really stalling. I have nothing to say.

You may wonder who that voice is to my immediate left. You know him. You love him. He's a regular on the show. You always say that they hate me, though. Oh, that's right. Sorry. You know him and you hate him, and he's a regular on the show. I was just playing two truths and a lie.

Do you really get a lot of emails saying that people hate me? First of all, I give my email address out to everyone, as you know. Any listener who wants it. Yeah. Yes. That's really like you're for the people in that way. That's pretty cool. You're very divisive. We haven't revealed the results of the poll yet as to whether you should come back. Can we bring up the results of the poll? I didn't even think about that before. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would love to read exactly how many votes we got to never bring you back. Here's why the poll is faulty. Oh, by the way, his name is harriswills.com. I think that, much like Ralph Nader, I think that putting phone corner and foam corner as an option is going to split the vote. Split the vote? Yeah, I think that might fuck me up a little bit. I might be voted off of the show. Yeah. Well, this is very dramatic. Okay, let me explain for the new listener what happened. Last time Harris was on the show, we talked about how divisive his appearances are, and we asked people to vote at our blog at earwolf.com slash blog, basically what they wanted to see from Harris next time he was on the show. Here were the categories. Harris's phone corner, which is a terrible segment that Harris does where he writes the worst jokes on his phone. That's why it's called phone corners, you write the jokes on your phone. Yes, yes. Harris's foam corner, which is a totally different thing. It has nothing to do with phone corner. Yeah, I still don't know exactly what it is. Who knows? Should he stick to his Jack the Lumberyard owner character? Great character.

Great character that we debuted on his last appearance. Fruitful.

Fruitful. Or should Harris never return to the show again? And I can reveal...

I can reveal the results of the vote now. The winner with 39.8% of the vote, practically 40% of the vote, Harris's foam corner. All right. Harris's foam corner. That sucks. Can't do phone corner anymore. Can't do phone... We may slip phone corner in, but we'll need to do some foam corner because the American people voted for it. Can I ask a question? What percentage...

I can tell you exactly how many people asked you never to come back. Yes. 150. Are you kidding me?

That's what it says. 150 people voted. Hate you so much, they never want you to return. So, sorry to those 150 people. I can't believe that many fucking people voted. That's amazing.

If you want Harris to never come back, you got to get your friends to vote. You got to really just make some grassroots efforts on this. So, Harris, prepare... Also, fuck you guys.

Fuck all 150. Wait, are you talking to me? No. What'd you vote? I don't know. Yeah, I voted for you never to return. Yeah, fuck you too. Okay. So, those are the results of the poll. I didn't want to go a minute longer without talking about that, but Harris, we have something very special on the show today. Oh, I thought you and I had something very special.

You may remember back in December... That's a great song lyric right there. Yeah. Someone called Adam Duritz. You may remember back in December, I pulled out my member. Chop some timber.

Timber? Oh, God. Yeah, I don't know. You yell timber when you... Whatever.

Yeah, you yell timber when you... Whatever. You're right. Okay. So, back in December, comedy death ray, we hosted a... I guess hosted is the right word, but we had a charity fundraiser event, okay? We tied several things into it. We had a live show that was a charity benefit.

We made a charity CD, which all the profits went to the LA Food Bank. This all benefited the LA Food Bank, by the way. And that's where you can... If you have some food, you can just put it in a place and they'll hold it for you until you want some. It's like a big refrigerator.

Right. It's a giant refrigerator that all of LA uses. That's cool. You guys raised so much money for that. But what's great about it is it collects mold? Not interest. Not interest.

What's the annual on that? So, oh, and the other part of it was that we had a charity auction, okay? So, a bunch of great comedians donated things and experiences that people could bid on.

And people bid on these things and the winners took part in it. It was a great... It was a big success, I should say. We raised, I believe we're over $80,000 for the LA Food Bank. I think we just tipped over over 80 because sales of the CD are still happening. Malcolm Gladwell over here here. Tipping point. Okay. Continue. All right. Sure. Good addition.

So, one of the things that we donated, one of the things that... I guess it was me who donated it, was the opportunity to be the co-host for one of these shows. Okay. So, and what we give the gentleman or lady, if it happens to be that women only make 67% of the money, so the chances are it's gonna be a man who wins. Right. Not your typical breadwinner.

Right. And when they do, they store it in the LA Food Bank where it collects mold?

Mold. So, we'll just take it as a... We'll just stipulate it's a man who's gonna win this type of thing. So, what we give the man is we let him co-host, we let him pick the guests, and we generally let him have a great time while he's here. And that is the show you are listening to now, and he is here right in front of us. He is to my immediate right, he is to Harris' immediate left, and his name is David Levy. Welcome, David. All right.

Hey, thank you for having me. This is so exciting.

David, is that your real voice? Or are you doing a character right now?

It's my real voice.

And I should say that this is not one of the characters that people most of America loves and a very vocal group hate because they hate the show. You're a real person.

Yep. You exist.

Yeah, yeah. I am alive and sitting here in the studio.

Flesh, blood, bone, semen, piss, shit.

I can see all of that stuff on him right now.

I'm translucent.

A little bit of each.

And so, David, I didn't want to know anything about you before you came in here, and you asked me just two things. You said, okay, can Harris be one of the guests?

Thank you, thank you so far for that.

How did you vote in the poll, by the way?

I didn't know it was a voting day.

Oh, okay.

Okay. All right. Honest. Honest Dave.

So- You have to go down to the polling place and- Yeah, you may have been scared away by the anti-Harris people who were outside the polls.

150, fuck them. Sorry, go on.

All right. So, David, I asked- I was electioneering that day.

So, you asked me, can Harris be one of the guests? And then you said, and I have a surprise guest.

I do, and a little later- A little later, your surprise guest will come in. But I asked that it not be just one of your homies, that it be like an actual comedian.

Someone that you probably would remember. I think you would know him.

Someone who's been on the show before?

I believe so.

Okay, great. So, we don't want to spoil who that is. Don't say any more about it.

You got it.

Because this will be fun. But I want to, before we get into the show, I want to know a little bit about you and your bid. First of all, how much did you bid to be a part of this program?

Well, that was in December. I think it was around a little over $2,000.

If I remember to wait, $2,000 to be here right now?

You got some disposable ass income, dog.

Well, it's a write-off.

So, really it was over- I don't remember it being that much, but I guess it was.

I think someone at the last second, someone really stuck it to me.

So, I wonder who that is, and whether they're listening jealous right now, or they're realizing, whoa, this isn't worth $2,000.

Time will tell.

What are you thinking right now?

So far- So far, not worth it.

I like the ambience.

Okay.

We're here at the Earwool Studios. We whisked you away to this undisclosed location.

Yeah, and I got really carsick with that hood.

We put a hood over his penis. It made him carsick.

Because your penis needs to see which way the car is turning.

Yeah.

Because normally it just points due north.

So- Do you know that my penis works like a kangaroo's tail, and that I need it for balance?

So, David, tell us a little bit about yourself. What is your job, first of all?

Film production. I produce movies.

You're a film producer, so that's why you have a ton of money just laying around, and you can get on eBay and jerk around with it.

Around tax season, I like to give to charity.

You got anything on Netflix streaming?

A couple things.

Oh, boy.

Yeah, a couple of things.

That's not a serious question, but let's hear about it.

Well, you know, I produced a movie called August a couple years ago that a couple people saw with Josh Hartnett, and- When did that come out?

It came out in 08.

You know what?

In August.

What month?

It came out in July.

Oh, missed opportunity.

Yeah, poor.

And then most recently, I can skip a bunch, just a film coming out called Terry with John C. Reilly, and it was at Sundance.

John C. Reilly's been on the show before.

Very well.

He could be the guest, who knows?

Yeah, maybe. Oh, boy. I don't even want to look at your face in case your face is betraying that it's John C. Reilly. I'm just going to stare at Harris. Ooh, bad decision.

But if it is, everyone should go get their friends and tune in now.

But, you know, and it's coming out. You should see it at a Cineplex near you.

Terry, and it's coming out in theaters. What kind of release do we have? How many theaters?

It'll be in a couple hundred.

A couple hundred? Wow.

Yeah, so you'll get to see it, I'm sure. And that's about as many- It's an independent film, so support it, you know?

That's about as many people as voted on Harris not to return.

Yeah, fuck them.

Yeah, one theater per vote or something.

So, Terry is what it's called. Is that with an I?

It's with an I, yeah.

Really?

Yeah. Really?

Also another joke question.

T-E-R-R-I. And we also have Creed Bratton, who appears in the office.

Oh, I love him.

That is a girl spelling T-E-R-I, right?

It is a guy.

Is it R-R-I or R-I?

Oh, so you guys kind of flipped it a little bit.

Well, you know, you got to keep it fresh in the independent marketplace.

Hold on, this is a very important question that I don't believe we have the answer to.

Is it R-R-I or R-I?

T-E-R-R-I.

Oh, okay.

So Harris?

Well, no, that's still a girl's name. I at the end of Terry is always a girl's name.

Do you think I at the end of any name is a girl's name?

Well, how about before a name like I, Robot?

Oh, not bad. That was a guy.

I did not murder him.

I, Robot, did not murder him.

So, you have this movie coming out, Terry. Can you tell us a little bit about the plot?

Sure. It's about a very overweight kid who's in high school.

Is this John C. Reilly?

No. He's coming. He's coming. He takes care of his uncle who has dementia.

This is John C. Reilly.

This is Creed Bratton.

Oh, fuck.

When's he come in? When's he get introduced?

He has- Hopefully in the first act.

He gets a pink slip to go to the principal's office.

That's John C. Reilly.

John C. Reilly is the principal.

He's the pink slip.

He is the vice principal.

Whoa.

Fucking blowing my mind right now.

And he teaches Terry that life is more than just high school.

So, it's probably a comedy with that cast, right?

It's a comedy with a lot of touching moments.

Touching moments. Now, don't make fun of it. You put this ironic spin on touching moments.

I love funny movies that are also dramas.

We had a lot of laughs and then we had a lot of people- I think they call those commas.

Yeah. We had a lot of commas and people who also felt like they could relate to it on a serious level.

What would you say Tonally is a movie that it is akin to?

Maybe Win-Win, which I just saw.

Didn't you have to answer that to pitch this?

No. We got really lucky. There's no pitching.

Tonally, it is maybe Election Meets Win-Win.

Okay. Election Meets Win-Win. Those are both great movies.

By a very talented director who's made a movie called Mama's Man.

Okay.

Which was a lot different than those movies.

Big Mama's Man.

He made Big Mama's Man.

Good After Noont?

Yes.

That's what those posters say. What the fuck does that mean?

What is it?

Martin Lawrence plays Terry.

Now, Harris, you're a guy who's written for posters in the past.

We all remember your work on Know Me, You and Juliet.

I feel like I retired after that one.

But you're the guy to decipher what exactly does Good After Noont mean.

I don't know what that's a play on. I have no idea. I'm in the poster game.

I have no clue what Good After Noont- You have a dog in this hunt.

Yeah.

Well, David, that sounds... First, I mean, just career wise, that sounds great.

You got a lot going on.

I hope I get tickets to the premiere in exchange for letting you do this for $2,000.

Seems fair.

How old of a guy are you? Just let's paint a picture in the listeners' mind.

I'm 30 years old.

30 years old and you already have produced movies. You've done more than I have in my entire 17 years in the business. You're a success. You're waving around your money like it's nothing.

A lot of people are gonna hate you after this.

I'm a producer.

Okay. So David, you're a 30-year-old guy. Where are you from?

I come from New York.

New York City. Is it New York, New York or just New York, the state?

Yeah. For easy sake, yeah, we'll just say New York, New York.

Easy peasy.

Easy peasy. And then I moved to LA skeezy seven years ago.

Cool.

Don't you have a character name?

Skeezy B.

Skeezy B?

I'll unveil him later.

That could be my surprise guest.

Maybe.

So David, here's what we'd like to do during this show, okay?

You're the co-host.

Do you know what your co-host duties are?

No, you've not really told me.

You gotta back me up, all right?

If the show starts going south, I need you to jump in and save me, okay?

On your life vest?

Exactly, okay?

Because as we all know, we never plan anything out during the show.

Whatever happens, happens.

As they say, I'm lost.

And yeah, so sometimes I run out of things to say, like just right then, where I'm spaced out for a second and I need you to see, you already missed that opportunity.

I need you to jump in there and go, hey, anyway, so...

And just like ask a question or something like that.

Ladies and children first into the boats.

Okay, so...

I'm the life vest, I'm thinking Titanic.

I'm just going straight to Titanic.

That's an example of what you do not wanna do on this show, is bring it to a grinding halt.

You want to actually continue the comedy.

So let's practice...

Best to not utter non-sequitur gibberish.

Are you talking to yourself right now, Harris?

I'm so glad I asked for Harris to come on this show.

All right, so let's practice.

So I'm gonna be asking Harris a question that I'm gonna space out and I need you to jump in and save me, okay?

So Harris, you're a writer on Parks and Rec.

In the writing room, do you ever...

Do you ever in the writing room find yourself just wanting to go home early?

Well, great question.

Do you ever wanna go home early?

I mean, the way I look at it is pretty much women and children first.

So they can go home early first and the men stay behind.

I guess Harris is the one jumping in and saving the show now.

No, that was great.

That's a perfect example of what you need to do.

But stutter, stuttering like that?

Stuttering, however you need to do it.

It's... This is your first time.

You've never been on a show before, right?

Never done a podcast.

A podcast, really?

Have you done a partcast?

Have you been on partcast.com?

I've been on Focast.

It's a noodle show.

It's Focast.

Focast.

All right, so here's the other thing I wanna do in this segment, is I want to give you the opportunity to lead the show and to actually host, and meanwhile, I will co-host.

Oh, okay.

How does that sound?

Well, it's not really what I paid for, but I'll go with it.

This is something you don't wanna do?

I'll... Whatever, I'll do it.

All right, here we go.

So, I'm gonna bow out, and you ask Harris... Harris, are you ready?

Little bow out.

Scott's new...

Oh, boy.

Can that be your new name?

Little bow out.

So, Harris, are you ready with Foam Corner?

Yeah, yeah.

Because David's gonna tee this up.

I'm ready.

Okay, so I'm gonna bow out and back you up, okay?

And if you ever blank out, I'm gonna rush in and do the same for you, okay?

All right, Harris, welcome to the show.

No, we've already been here.

Foamcast, can you put a new listener?

Okay, first of all, you have to...

I don't know what that is.

You have to get the thing right.

That's the first thing a host does, is he has info and knows exactly what something is called.

So, it's Foam Corner.

Foam Corner.

Foam-uh.

Corner.

F-O-A-M?

Yes, F-O-A-M Corner.

This is fucking Bushley.

Because he's on his phone, and I'm assuming it's Foam Corner, so people can't see this.

As a fan of Harris, who asked for him to be here, I would think you would know the basics about...

I mean, come on.

No, it's all right, it's all right.

All right, so I just jumped in and saved you there.

Right now, that's one for me.

Are we going with American Idol rules?

You get one save?

So, that was it?

That was it.

Oh my God.

That's our one save.

Later, I'll phone someone.

All right, so here we go.

Take it again, take two.

You've heard of take two being in the film business, right?

Yeah.

Okay, here we go, take two.

Foam Corner with Harris Whittles.

I've heard of take five being in the candy business.

Oh, Foam Corner.

Being in the English boy band business.

No, let's take that, never mind.

What is take five?

Take five is a jazz, old jazz standard.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, right.

So Harris, for anyone who's new to the show, can you explain what exactly you're about to do?

I'm going to do Foam Corner, and I basically type in jokes into my phone when I think of them.

And these are usually jokes that are too bad to do on a stage or use in anything.

So, is this just like one step off of reading your Twitter feed?

One step away from?

Yes, never repeat.

These never make it to Twitter, right?

Yeah, these don't even- So, these aren't good enough to shit out onto Twitter?

Well, we'll see.

Sometimes they actually do go over well.

We'll see, we'll see.

All right.

All right. Well, let's get it rolling.

Are you going to start with your weaker- Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.

I need to jump in and save you here.

We probably want to ask what the theme is this week, don't we?

No, well, Foam Corner has a theme song to it, so we want to make sure we play that before.

Oh, good.

But it's your responsibility, dude.

Oh, well, you know, three, two.

Welcome to Harris' Foam Corner.

This is David Guy Levy.

This with me is Scott Ackerman.

Credit Reggie Watts with that theme song, by the way.

And Reggie Watts on the Harris' Foam Corner theme song.

Harris, welcome to the show this week.

Thanks for coming and doing your show.

It's not the beginning of the show.

And it's not his show.

He's not doing his show, but that's all right.

We're working out the kinks.

Take three.

And- Do you think that's what the trainer of the kinks says?

I do, I do think that.

Hasn't that joke been done on this show before?

I feel like Paul Rust or someone has said that already.

It has to have been done.

Someone said that, right, Engineer Doug?

I'm not trying to steal.

Sometimes parallel thinking.

All right.

All right, Harris, why don't you take it away?

I will.

Do we need to hear the theme again?

I'll be pretty honest.

I'm going to jump in and say what I think of what you're going to be saying, too, as I think I deserve that right.

Yeah, yeah.

We have an open discourse here.

I'm going to just do it machine gun style, though.

OK.

I think I'm just going to say a bunch of them because they seem less worse when you- When you just cover them up.

Gotcha.

Power in numbers.

Uh, all dogs are adopted.

Wait, what was that?

Hold on.

I got to jump in here.

Wait.

You know how everyone says that you should adopt?

If you're going to get a dog, adopt it.

All fucking dogs are adopted.

No one shoots dogs out of their pussies unless you're Mrs.

Brodus, Snoop's mom.

Do you even know her?

I mean, that's pretty rude.

That's pretty rude.

Anyways, what else you got?

Uh, this is, uh, OK, let's see.

Watchpot never boils.

How's your machine gun style going, by the way?

If this was World War II, you'd be dead.

I'm jamming up.

Hey, all right, Bo Diddley, Rolling Stones.

Who do you love?

Great song.

Grammatically a disaster.

Should be whom do you love.

So that's that.

When you have to explain the joke, it's not as- Uh, it sucks knowing that my kids will never know what it's like to go to a blockbuster because I'm not letting them go there.

The prices are outrageous.

Crickets.

David.

Oh, crickets.

Yeah.

I can see why these don't even make Twitter.

That was a good one.

A blockbuster.

You, I think, OK, you can like some of them if you want.

Well, give me something to like.

Let's go.

All right.

You're being, like, a little hard.

You're being slightly hard, David.

You got to welcome your guests.

See, this is, you know, I know that I give Harris a hard time, but that's because we're old friends.

Yeah, exactly.

You got to finesse it a little bit.

Yeah.

Put on the rubber gloves.

Uh, how come, how come the shelves- Love it.

No, god damn it.

Scott, when is this over?

Give the money back.

Really?

You think, OK, let me call up the food bank.

I'll donate that's fucking two thousand.

Let's get this guy fucking out.

I'm just kidding, David.

All right.

How come the shelves at Bed Bath and Beyond be so tall?

Sorry.

OK, that is what it says.

How come the shelves at Bed Bath are so tall?

They should call that place Tall Shelves, Tall Shelves, and Tall Shelves.

There you go.

OK, so David would like that one.

I've seen Julian Moore's tits more than my own penis.

Julian Moore's?

Yeah.

OK.

You sound like Julian Carrots.

Oh, no, who's that?

She's a new ingenue.

Actually, that's not a bad name for her because of her red hair down there.

Yeah, yeah.

And up there, I guess.

Yeah, yeah.

That's Julian Carrots.

Yeah, Julian Carrots.

Can you get, if you, this is just a thought.

If you go into a bank, can you get in trouble for yelling, for just going, everybody get down.

You don't have a gun or anything.

Can you get in trouble for telling people to get down?

No, James Brown does it every night.

OK, so we have an answer.

So wait, so when James Brown goes into a bank, he comes back to life, goes into a bank.

The first thing that happens.

That motherfucker dead.

He says everybody get down.

Yeah.

Do they laugh when they see it's him?

Do they like?

Right.

I think he gets a bye in that situation.

Is he dead, by the way?

We're going to play Alive or Dead with James Brown.

He is dead, right?

He did die like last couple of seasons.

OK.

Yeah.

Couple of seasons ago?

A couple of moons ago.

He got down.

A few autumns ago.

All right, what else you got?

You closing it up or you got a few more?

I'll close it up.

I hate to take over your hosting duties.

No, please.

Couple more, couple more.

I'll close it up.

All right, two more.

Literally two more.

It's not a two more.

It is.

It's two more.

Did you guys hear about that new deal where if you go in on it with a cast member from that 70s show, you get a discount on mustard and or salad toppings.

It's Laura Prapon, Grey Poupon, Crouton Groupon.

Where's this at?

Online.

It's online.

And then Supremes cover band, a neo-Nazi Supremes cover band called the Supremacist.

Scott, what do you think?

Wait, hold on.

I'm trying to catch up.

Neo-Nazis, Supremes.

Yeah, they start a cover band of the Supremes.

A group of neo-Nazis does.

This is a Supremes cover band.

Neo-Nazis, those are Nazis who are...

Who are like, you know, a matrix of fans.

The new Nazis.

And the Supremacists, you say.

That's a good joke.

It's a good log line.

So you're getting me as a comedy writer, you're saying me, it's a good joke.

And then David, he's a producer.

He thinks it's a good log line.

What do you as a poster tagline writer think?

Of what?

Of your joke.

I think it's great.

There's a lot of...

I'm playing with a lot of...

Hail the Supremacists.

That's a possible punch up.

Hail the Supremacists.

Have you ever thought about that?

I tuned out for a second.

What are we saying?

The poster of this movie...

The Supremacists.

It's a movie all of a sudden.

Yeah, that's what David does.

It's got a yellow light.

Take your producer hat off for a second.

Just learn to live and love.

I'm going to have a bonus one.

All right.

Bonus.

Okay.

Do we need the theme for this, Doug?

No, no, no.

There's no bonus thing.

No, we should do the theme.

No, because that makes it...

Now it really has to be good if we're setting it for free.

Yeah, let's do the theme for this.

We do it twice.

Here we go.

Bonus.

Bonus, bonus.

Okay.

So this is just like a beef that I have with the Wallflower song, One Headlight.

There's a lyric in here where he goes, I turned the engine, but the engine wouldn't turn.

So you didn't turn the engine, you motherfucker.

Just the key.

You can't say, I turned the engine, but it didn't turn.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah, I guess so.

I tried to turn the engine.

But the battery didn't turn.

Yeah, right.

Or you could say...

Doug is giving me the agreeing air drum.

Okay, good.

And that's the...

And that's in a foam corner.

All right, we need the theme, right, to close it out.

All right, I have an idea.

Let's take a break.

And when we come back, we'll get to your surprise guest, right?

Yeah, sounds like a good idea.

Have you called the person?

Is the person arriving?

Yeah, I got a text.

I got a text.

He's actually just outside.

So it's a he.

Ha ha, I tricked you into giving me some info.

Just seven days, oh baby, I can make you a man.

I don't want no dissension, just dynamic tension.

I'm the master of the man.

In just seven days, I can make you a man.

Dig it, if you can.

In just seven days, I can make you a man.

We have Harris Whittles to my left, Harris Whittles to the left of me, David Guy Levy to the right.

Hello.

David is our auction winner, and Harris is the first of two guests that he picked and wanted on the show, and...

And it's been a thrill a minute.

How would you rate the first segment?

What do you say, B plus, B minus?

Where are we at right now?

I'm at A plus plus.

He just said there is a thrill every minute.

Yeah.

We're at about a half hour, I would guesstimate.

It's 30 thrills.

30 thrills?

Yeah, I've been thrilled a lot.

Can you...

When people say...

Will I run out of dopamine at some point?

Because this is good stuff.

When people say something's a thrill a minute, like a movie is a thrill a minute, that would be terrible, wouldn't it?

To leave being thrilled 90 times?

Yeah, well, you gotta go...

Peaks and valleys.

Peaks and valleys. Maybe they're talking about averages, like maybe like one minute, there's 60 thrills in one minute.

And there's also different types.

Maybe one minute you're thrilled with sadness, and maybe one minute you're thrilled with happiness.

I'm so thrilled to be sad right now.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's a good point.

All right, so David picked Harris for one of his guests, and you say you have a surprise guest.

I do.

We've determined it's a man.

We have determined that.

And it's someone who's been on the show before.

I'm guessing it's John C. Reilly.

Who do we have?

Open up the door.

And Brett Gellman.

Come on in.

Hey, hey.

All right.

Brett, what's up, my man?

What's up, man?

How you doing?

Everyone, this is someone I've always really respected in the comedy community.

Thank you, David.

Thank you.

Thank you for choosing me to come on here today.

Thank you for saying yes.

Oh, of course.

I always love to come on this show.

Hi, Brett.

Hi.

How are you doing?

Oh, I'm great.

Nice to see you.

I'm doing probably, I'm probably doing better than I've ever done in my whole life.

That's amazing.

Yeah.

Things are going my way.

Things are looking good.

Things are looking up, up, up, up.

All right.

So, David, you asked Brett to do the show.

Is that how it worked?

Yeah.

Ever since Eagleheart started, I've just been a huge, huge fan.

I saw the first episode and knew that this guy had what it takes to really launch into the comedy scene.

So you're a fan of Brett's- I've gotten a lot of new fans from Eagleheart.

I'm sure.

It's a great show.

I am one of them.

It's a great show.

Love it.

Even though I've gotten a lot of fans from this podcast.

I've gotten a lot of fans from many other things that I've done as well.

But in this case, Eagleheart got David on the Brett Gellman truck.

Yeah, it was sort of wavering.

The truck, not a train.

No, no, no, no, no.

Just a truck, just a flatbed truck.

Because on a truck, you want to be able to stop wherever you want.

Take a look around.

Yeah.

And sometimes dump the baggage.

You can't do that on a train.

Because sometimes you don't want everybody on the truck.

You got to earn being on the truck, right?

Oh, right.

Yeah.

Sometimes you want to pull over on PCH by the ocean and check out a sunset.

Yeah, exactly.

And right now I'm just enjoying being shotgun.

It's a great view.

Now, hand in hand with that, you also have the responsibility of driving the truck, which you don't have on a train.

That's true.

When you're on a train, you pretty much just let the conductor or...

That's true.

I may be getting the job times wrong.

If it's Brett's train, wouldn't he have to drive that train?

Someone has to drive the train.

Hey, hey, hey.

That's a good point.

Whether it's a truck or a train, I'm driving it.

So you're driving the train.

Can you get off the train?

If it's got my name on it, I'm driving it.

And also, when you get on a train, are you committed to that train?

Can't you get off at the next stop?

You know what?

We've taken this analogy way too far.

This is an analogy?

Okay, we got to start over for Harris' sake.

Yes, this was an analogy.

You know that this was an analogy.

No, I thought you had a truck.

No, I didn't say that.

Of course it's an analogy.

What, do you think I'm crazy?

You thought this was like the end of Back to the Future, where you go into your garage and you lift it up and there's a big truck.

What do you think I'm nuts?

What, for buying a truck?

Why would you be nuts?

Good mileage.

For piling all my fans on the truck?

Got to be a pretty big fucking truck or else I don't got any fans at all.

Geez.

All right, excuse us.

Sorry.

You try to make an analogy.

You try to come in and you try to just lay things out in a poetic way.

I know what you mean.

I'm sorry, I know what you mean.

If you really did want to put all your fans onto a transportation mode, you would choose train, right?

Yes.

Okay.

Yes, I would.

I covered it up before, but yeah, it was a mistake.

Okay, I got to come clean here.

Well, can you go further with the plane?

That was all just a big cover up for the fact that I should have said train.

No, no, no, I'm terrified of flying.

I'm not getting on a plane.

Can we deconstruct everything said for 10 minutes?

All right, so for those of you who do not know who Brett is, Brett is an actor and comedian.

He's on Eagle Heart, which is a show with Chris Elliott on Adult Swim.

And he, 1,000 Cats, you may know him from on HBO.

And he has been on this program a few times.

We had- The other guys.

The other guys, he's in The Other Guys.

He had a...

He kind of built up his appearance in that to be a little bigger than what it turned out to be, I have to say, when I saw it.

What are you talking about?

You said, hey, go see my movie, go see my movie so many times.

And then I went to it and you had like- I've seen it like twice.

I didn't even know you were in it.

I didn't say that.

I didn't say go see my movie.

No, you're right.

You're right.

You were saying go see our movie, go see our movie.

Well, technically I'm in the movie, even though it's a three-minute scene.

I am in the movie, therefore it's our movie.

I make the movie.

I was in Austin Powers 3 and I don't walk around saying our franchise.

I think you should.

I think you should say that.

Our Austin Powers franchise.

Look, man, this business is dog-eat-dog, brother.

All right?

And it's really hard to get any success whatsoever.

Wait a minute, is this an analogy?

Or are dogs eating dogs now?

Of course it's an analogy.

Thank God.

Oh, okay, but Jermaine to this program.

Jermaine Dupree to this program.

This is going to be a nightmare.

How many people have turned it off, by the way?

If you've turned off this program by now.

Yeah, what's the intro retention like on something like this?

First of all, you know, this is ridiculous that we are acting.

I don't know.

Even though we've said that I've been on the show a lot, I don't feel like we're acting like that.

I feel like we're acting like this is the first time I've ever been on the show.

Well, pretty much what happens, let me explain for the uninitiated.

Brett has been on the show many times.

We had a dust-up.

You did some great stuff early on in the show.

You did like a James Gandolfini impression.

I've done great stuff every time I've ever been on the show.

Yes, I did do that and it was successful.

That was early on in the show's run, early episodes.

And then you came on episode 35, if I'm remembering correctly, and you did something not that great, not that cool, and we had a little fight.

Really great, really cool.

Yes, we did have a fight.

I'm not playing two lies into truth.

It was not great.

It was not cool.

It was great and it was cool and it was on the show.

And we did have a fight though.

You did have a fight.

There was a misunderstanding.

Misunderstanding of I thought that you would be cool and...

Misunderstanding.

Wow.

Oh, God, we've discussed this before.

We have discussed, so I don't want to go over it again, but check out episode 35 for what happened.

And since then, we've made up.

We then had another problem and then we made up again.

And so, but now you're back.

Things are, yeah.

And things are always a little tense, especially the first few minutes.

But I am a fan of yours.

I'm a fan of yours.

Have you seen his movie?

Personally, I'm a fan of yours.

And with your art, I sometimes have a little bit of a problem with it.

Because it makes you feel uncomfortable.

Crossing over into personally, I also feel like you should give me a heads up before you do something that's not going to be very good.

So that crosses over.

So professionally, I have a problem with you and personally, I have a problem with you, but...

Well, so you have a double problem with me.

So it's not cleared up.

Why should I tell you?

Do you know how many people liked what I did?

Yeah, we have the results.

Would you like to hear?

You don't want to hear any results.

I'll hear it.

And this isn't a majority rule.

If the majority doesn't like it, they are...

Hey, the majority of people at some point didn't like Gandhi.

The movie Gandhi?

Both the movie Gandhi and the person Gandhi.

49% on Rotten Tomatoes.

He's right.

For Gandhi the Man.

51% didn't like it.

For Gandhi the Man.

Yes, on Rotten Tomatoes.

Really?

Gandhi the Man, yeah.

They reviewed The Man and Peter Travers really ate him alive.

Really ate him for breakfast.

How did Peter Travers rate on Rotten Tomatoes?

He actually did pretty well.

He got an 88.

Really?

People love him.

They called him a thrill a minute.

For every minute he's been alive.

You guys should start a website called Rotten Attitudes.

All right.

So but speaking of Rotten Attitudes, I don't want to have one because you're here.

You're David's Choice.

We're friends.

Obviously.

We're friends.

We have a great relationship.

I love having you on the program.

All right.

So Brett, what do you have for us today?

Oh, I've got a lot of things.

I've been working on a one-man show.

I've been working on a number of one-man shows.

When you say a number of one-man shows, do you mean like there's going to be a lot of people in them?

A lot of men?

No, I'll do one and then I'll do another.

But I'd like to bounce around and just I don't plan my inspiration.

Things come to me as they come to me.

And I'm lucky enough to have a lot of things coming to me at once.

But sometimes, you know, it's, oh, I'll be in the shower and I'll get an idea about this show.

And then I'll be cooking breakfast and I'll get an idea about this other show.

And then, you know, right before I go to sleep, oh, there's another idea.

What's the show you came up with at breakfast?

So this one, I did come up with it at breakfast.

That's a funny coincidence.

Who is the most influential person in America?

Scrambled eggs.

In the world.

James Franco.

No, in America. Let's say America.

Gandhi.

Gandhi, yeah.

Peter Travers.

Close though, close with Gandhi.

James Franco.

Peter Travers, no.

James Franco, definitely.

Anne Hathaway?

No.

Okay, wait, hold on.

Jesus Christ.

Antoine.

Oh, right, right, right.

Jesus Christ is the most.

I'm sorry, you didn't say alive or dead.

Okay.

We were talking about alive people.

I would have guessed Jesus Christ immediately if you had said dead.

I don't think he even knew about it.

Or James Brown.

Some people don't look at Jesus as being dead per se.

He is beyond life and death.

That's a great question.

Is Jesus dead or is he a dead guy who came back to life?

Or is he a dead guy, he's officially dead and he's.

I'm not touching that one, Scott.

Oh, I'll touch it.

I'll touch it.

That's what I do touch in my show.

It's one of the many questions that I raise about the supposed savior.

Can you just cut to the answer, is he dead?

Is he a dead guy?

I don't think there is an answer.

Oh, okay.

I think that God.

Spoiler.

God doesn't operate in black and white.

However, I also question the fact of whether he is the son of God any more than the rest of us is the son of God, you know, all of that.

Wait, if Jesus is the son of God any more than like Harris is the son of God?

Exactly.

I guess we all are sons of God.

And aren't we all created, I mean, in the Christian belief, aren't we all created by God?

I guess, sir, we're all like those dogs you were talking about, we're all adopted.

Exactly, by God.

Because none of us are coming.

Right.

And then I did not come out of God's pussy.

Whoa.

All right.

We got to censor this.

Hold on.

Let's bleep that.

And do we have a time delay on this?

Don't do that.

Do we have a time delay?

Don't censor it.

I think I should.

All right, tell you what, I'm going to let that one go.

I'm going to let that one go.

But get your finger on the five second delay button.

He needs to get some stuff out.

I have like...

And he paid good money to be here.

I have a 50% saying what gets bleeped and what doesn't get bleeped today.

Oh, boy.

All right, here we go.

Okay, so this is a monologue from that show.

Okay, so you're going to do a monologue.

And David, have you heard this before?

Is this a new monologue?

This is a brand new one.

Then nobody has heard this.

Did you just call him bro?

Brett?

Oh, Brett.

Oh, okay.

Why can't he call me bro?

It's just weird for a guy who's just meeting you to call you bro.

Can I call you...

Well, he didn't just meet me.

Anyway, so...

Bro is short for Brett.

Here is the...

Okay.

That's true. Bro is short for Brett.

Kind of.

I mean, bro is short for anybody, really.

As long as they're your bro, man.

That's true.

Yeah.

All right, well, let's hear your monologue and then I have some serious concerns about this.

But go ahead.

Okay, now picture me in a black box theater or on Broadway.

I'm in a spotlight.

Yeah, this is going out to all my supposed followers.

I've got to say something.

I've got to break some shit down.

I've been wanting to break down for a long, long time.

I don't know who you think you're following, but it ain't me.

I don't know whose word you think you're listening to, but it's not mine.

I mean, is there another Jesus Christ that I'm not aware of?

Another Jesus walking around who really likes wars, who really is into wars?

Down with homophobia?

Who's psyched about you making your kids fatter than you?

Because if there is, I'd really like to meet him.

I'd really like to give him a swift kick to the nards and send his ass packing.

I mean, where does this Jesus get off?

Getting people to fight wars over you?

Getting to get people to kill for you?

Who does this Jesus think he is?

Helen of Troy?

Sorry, I know that you idiots probably don't know who Helen of Troy is.

Let me rephrase that.

Who does he think he is?

Cameron Diaz's pussy?

I mean, come on, people.

The Jesus you've got in your fat, white, pasty blockheads ain't me.

Ain't even close to me.

Here's the honest-to-God truth.

Me, no like war.

Me, no like murder.

Me, no like hate.

Not into it.

I'm into love, man.

I'm into making that love happening happen, man.

And the Bible?

They should rename that shit to Charmin Ultra so people can start wiping their shitty asses with it so it can actually be put to some good use.

Amen.

The Bible?

First off, not written by me.

I know a lot of you doughy dummies would like to think so, but there's more of a chance that J.K. Rowling had a hand in writing that crap than I did.

Let's get real, guys.

The Bible was written to scare the shit out of you so you wouldn't have more fun than the boring assholes who wrote it.

Well, here I am.

The real Jesus telling you to just go outside, take a big deep breath, and make some mistakes.

Mistake it up.

God knows I did.

Like that time at the Last Supper when I ate too much dairy.

Ooh, big mistake.

I felt more bloated than Khloe Kardashian on her period.

I mean, I think I'm lactose intolerant, actually.

I'm not sure.

I've never gotten it officially tested, but I gotta be.

I mean, I can't even eat a sliver of cheese or butter or put a drop of milk in my coffee without my ass turned into a big brown wind tunnel.

I knew it, too.

I should have controlled myself at the please.

Sorry.

Should I not have done that right into the microphone?

Yeah, I knew it, too.

I should have controlled myself at the supper.

But I wanted all those tastes and flavors.

I don't want to censor my fun, especially when it's my last supper and all.

I mean, maybe I'm the wrong one here, but I think at my last supper I should be able to eat whatever I want.

Plus, it's such a bummer when you're hanging out with people who don't have any dietary restrictions, and you do.

They get to go crazy, and you've got to limit yourself.

You want to have that freedom.

I wanted to have that freedom, so I said, screw it.

I had some cheese and crackers, and I put some butter on my bread.

And presto, ala kazam, I go from the son of God to the son of farts in a matter of seconds.

It's really embarrassing, too.

It's terrible when you have to fart in public.

I mean, what am I supposed to do?

Hold it?

That's not good for you.

You gotta let it out, man.

And I'm not gonna be excusing myself from the table every time I gotta do a butt burp.

Then everyone will know something's up.

They'll know I'm leaving the table to push out a few squeakers.

And then it's not the last supper anymore.

It's the last roast.

Everyone cracking jokes like, what's the difference between Jesus' ass and a hurricane?

A hurricane doesn't smell like shit.

Jokes like that, that aren't even that good, but of course everyone thinks they're funny in the moment because they're accompanied with the fact that my asshole won't stop speaking fartese.

So yeah, I didn't wind up excusing myself.

I just clenched my butthole in such a way that I made sure my gas bombs were silent.

That way no one can trace the source of the sound.

Then I feel really guilty about this, and this is really low, but I started blaming it on the waiter.

I know, that's not okay, right?

But the waiter was pretty overweight, you know?

You know how someone has that kind of I'm smelly type of look?

Well, that's what he looked like.

So it was an easy lie to pull off, and I was real good about timing the farts so that the first ones I tooted came out when he was in the room.

After the first few, I was able to just let him rip because at that point, farts were just everywhere, and you know, no one could tell the difference between old lingers and new freshies.

So yeah, I've made some mistakes.

What the fuck is this about?

Excuse me.

What, okay, sorry.

I'm getting to that if you would be patient.

All right, all right.

It's about farts.

No, it's not.

Go on.

So yeah, I've made mistakes.

I wasn't proud of that, but guess what?

I'm human, and I make mistakes, and that's part of the beauty of being human.

You do the best you can.

And where is that written in my supposed book of gospel?

Where is it written, Jesus says, do the best you can?

Nowhere.

That's where.

So get real, you fundamentalist freakos.

You're farting up a storm, and you're blaming it on the homosexuals?

You're blaming it on the abortion doctors?

You're blaming it on the You're blaming it on the muslims?

You're blaming it on the waiter?

The smelly waiter.

It came back around.

That's pretty good.

Was that an analogy?

What do you mean?

Never mind.

Of course, yeah, I mean, some of it was an analogy.

Farts were an analogy, yes.

What kind of research did you do to write that just on farts?

I don't mean on Jesus.

Living in this country, man, living for 30 plus years in this country.

30 plus 12?

No, I'm in my 30s.

Actually, in my early 30s, not even mid 30s yet, so.

All right.

Don't make cracks about my age.

You prefer the ones about your baldness, your weight.

Where am I supposed to go with this?

I prefer no cracks.

All right, well, that was Brett Gellman reading supposedly something he thought up at breakfast.

David, do you have a question?

Looking for like a cereal or something.

I thought I read it in an email a couple weeks ago, but I could be right.

Read what in an email?

The Jesus thing.

Oh, did I send it to you in an email?

I don't remember.

I work very hard.

Hold on, hold on, hold on.

I'm very, very busy.

I have to I have to call bullshit on something here, OK?

On what?

You guys are emailing each other back and forth.

I thought you got to hold them through your agent.

Yeah, and then he put us together in an email.

You called him bro?

I'm pretty sure.

What?

Like, it doesn't sound like you guys are kind of.

Hold on, hold on.

Yeah, bro isn't short for Brett now that I think about it.

Brett, who's your agent?

What?

Who's your agent?

You called his agent.

I'm in CAA.

Yeah, I called CAA.

Wait, what is going on here?

Harris, do you smell something fishy here?

Yeah.

Engineer Doug, air drum if you smell something fishy.

It was the waiter.

He air drummed.

I can confirm that.

What smells like some rank pussy going on?

You know what you do?

Can I give you some constructive criticism?

Yeah, Brett, go for it.

Scott, not you, David.

Scott, you are always looking for problems, for things to be wrong on this show.

Whenever I come on, you're looking for something to be wrong.

Let it be right.

It is.

Relax, man.

Have some fun.

No, I'm with Scott on this.

I'm usually a pretty carefree dude, but something's definitely.

Well, you should.

If you were at a Phish concert, this would be harshing your mellow, right?

Yeah, I would be eating B12, you know.

Trying to wake the fuck up.

Trying to come out of my trip if this was at a Phish show right now.

Yeah.

And that's bad.

That's bad, Brett.

When Harris says that, there's something definitely wrong.

Yeah.

Hey, man, if you're going to a lot of Phish shows, you're prone to paranoia because of the amount of drugs that you're doing in order to be there.

Who told you that?

Exactly.

Look, it just seems like you guys kind of have a different relationship than, David, what you were saying that you had.

Yeah, much like the length of a Subway sandwich, something's afoot.

Are you asking me a direct question?

You know what I gotta say right now?

Something's a six-inch.

You know what I gotta say that I really love about you, Harris?

What?

Even when things get tense, you lighten it up.

That was my role in my family growing up.

It was?

No, I came from an okay household.

David, I'm going to ask you a direct question.

I want you to look at me.

I want you not to look at Brett.

Is that possible?

You're looking at Brett.

Don't look at Brett.

You're looking at Brett.

Don't look at Brett.

Look at me.

Brett, Brett, turn around.

Okay.

David.

Scott.

Did you know Brett?

Don't do it, David.

Shut up.

Get away from the mic.

Did you know Brett before this auction?

David.

Well, I mean...

Don't look at him.

Look at me and answer immediately.

Well, I couldn't bid without getting the cash first.

What?

Well, I mean, it wasn't my money.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.

Whose money are you talking about?

I thought you're a film...

Are you a film producer?

I am, yes.

I'm a film producer.

I thought you're a film... Are you a film producer?

I am, yes.

What?

I don't really like to give to charity.

Whose money are you using?

I got a check from CAA.

No, he didn't.

Don't say that.

You got a check from CAA, your agent?

Don't put my agency into this, man.

Come over here, Brett.

Come here.

I'm turned around.

Turn back around and come here.

Now, you look at me, don't look at David.

Look at me.

Don't tell me what to do.

I can look wherever I want.

What do you want me to do, Brett?

Okay, but are you going to look at me?

Yeah, I'm looking at you.

I'm not afraid to look at you.

Then it all works out.

That's where he wants to look.

Yeah.

Did you pay for this auction, Brett?

Sort of.

It's for charity.

Sort of.

Why would you do that?

I wanted to give to charity, but I didn't want you to know that I don't like taking credit for that sort of thing.

It's true.

He likes to be more of an anonymous giver.

So you basically found some stooge.

Pardon me.

He's not a stooge.

You found some Patsy.

My best friend.

You guys are best friends?

Well, yeah, now that the cat is out of the bag, yeah.

A thousand cats are out of the bag.

Good one, first of all.

And that is why he's my best buddy.

So you guys are best friends?

Because he constantly says that joke.

I just felt bad keeping it in because I want the world to know how much I like Brett.

He's a great human being.

Okay, so you guys are best friends and basically what happened, you saw this auction come up and you realized it would be a chance to get back on the show, I guess?

I wanted to meet Harris.

You don't even know Harris' work at all.

He is actually a fan of Harris, even though I told him to book Harris.

After the charity auction, he was the butler at the show, so I got to see him do live work.

You don't even know what his phone corner was called, let alone his foam corner.

Yeah, don't even get me started.

And you're a big Parks and Rec fan.

So both of you guys are getting something out of this deal, is what I'm hearing.

Yeah, what's wrong with that?

Well, it was dishonest, it was dishonest.

Why? Who cares?

Because you're basically laundering money.

People got Christmas dinner.

We weren't sure that Scott would be down with me coming on the show.

You can't buy a seat here, you know the rules.

I did, I did buy a seat.

What do you mean I can't buy a seat, I did.

I did.

What are the rules?

Basically, you paid $2,000 and the people listening to this show are having to sacrifice their eardrums for a week.

People look forward to this show, Brett.

Maybe you don't realize the responsibility.

They're very happy that I paid that money and came on.

I also think it's tacky to say how much money it was.

For the record, that's what you said, I didn't say that.

You said $2,000, I didn't say $2,000, you did, not me, you.

Well, I just feel like this whole thing is a sham.

Here, I want this guy who...

Why is it a sham if it's for charity?

It's like a fun thing of like, hey, this guy paid $2,000, he has no experience.

Hold on, shut the fuck up, David.

You have no right to talk anymore, first of all.

Hey, don't talk to my best friend that way.

You are a buffoon.

Other people bid on this, they had every right to win, we just won.

This is supposed to be a fun thing where I take some uninitiated, stupid person, and I teach them how to be a radio co-host.

And instead, it's all just some back alley Sally bullshit to get Brett Gellman back in the room.

Okay, first of all, he's stupid, he's never done this before, it's fine.

Okay, so we got that at least.

Yeah, you got that just because I paid the money and used it as a way to get on the show doesn't mean that he's not stupid and that he's done this before.

I just, I don't know.

This is fucked up, if this was a fish show, I'd be out in the parking lot by now trying to get my shit together.

Do you ask for refunds at fish shows?

In glow sticks, I ask for it for refunds in glow sticks, the equivalent of my dollar value.

It's 100 glow sticks.

That makes sense.

All right, well, let's mop this up.

Let's try to figure out what we're doing.

You want me to read a fan letter to prove you that I do have fans?

I don't want you to read anything else.

What I wanna do is I want to take a break and I'm gonna try to compose myself.

I'm gonna try to put on a happy, I'm probably gonna call the food bank.

How about a rap?

Fuck no, I just wanna take a break.

I'm gonna make a call when we come back.

When we come back.

David, shut the fuck up, man.

Don't tell him to shut the fuck up.

You shut the fuck up too.

You shut the fuck up.

And Harris, you better shut up too.

I wasn't even saying anything.

So we're gonna take a little break right now and we'll be back shortly.

Shut up, David, let's take a break.

I thought this was CDR radio, not shut up radio.

Well, I may change the name.

Harris likes it.

Shut up radio.

Shut up radio, we'll be right back.

Hey, engineer Doug's air drumming.

We'll be right back with shut up radio after I call the LA food bank.

The sun goes down with it goes the light, so I fire up my lantern and put my jacket and thermals on.

They keep me from freezing.

In a minute I'll be warm inside my sleeping bag.

There I'll hide until the light of dawn has come.

Here there's no TV, no hum of machines, no sitting too close to computer screens.

No, I've got a flashlight and by that I can read and hear that running water.

Well, that's all that I need.

Yeah, every day is like camping for me since they shut off my power.

Welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm here with my guest, Harris Whittles, who is a true guest.

And I'm here with two liars and shams.

All right.

Brett Gellman and auction winner slash front man, guy in front of the real guy, David Guy Levy.

Pardon the pun.

So I called the LA food bank.

It's too late to get the money back.

Apparently, they already fed most of Los Angeles with what you guys bid.

So it looks like we're pretty much stuck, right Harris?

Mm hmm.

So, you know, I say let's let bygones be bygones.

All right.

I don't know why there ever had to be bygones in the first place.

I don't really see what the big deal is, but fine.

Yes, let's bury the hatchet.

I make.

All right.

Fine.

All right.

Let's just watch it.

Apology accepted.

Squash it.

I'm not apologizing.

I'm saying that I'm going to not apologize, but yet not hold something against you.

I know that it's hard for you to apologize, so okay.

Fine.

I'm just saying- That meant a lot.

That meant a lot.

I'm saying apology accepted.

Why don't you guys fuck already?

Jesus.

Wait, who are you talking to?

You and me?

You and Gelman over here.

Oh, okay.

So you're not a part of this?

I just think there's a lot of sexual tension happening between the two of you.

It's kind of like a moonlighting situation.

Maybe there is.

You're not on air, won't they?

Maybe there is.

There's a lot of infighting.

He's got a raging boner right now on this side of the table you can't see.

It's not because of that.

Oh.

Hello.

All right, so let's squash it.

David, even though this is a bad situation, I do want to thank you for...

I don't know what I want to thank you for, but you are the winner.

You're technically the winner.

Even though you didn't put up the money, you're technically the winner.

So thank you for that.

Thank you for thanking him.

You're very welcome.

That's very big of you.

Brett, thank you for the money, part of it.

Wish you guys hadn't lied.

All of it.

No, I mean the money part of the situation.

Okay.

Thank you for all of the money and for being that part of this situation.

You're welcome.

And Harris, I'm not sure why you're here.

We haven't established that, but...

It's a phone corner.

Right, okay.

Thank you for having me.

Okay, so Brett, do you have anything else planned since you are the winner of the auction?

Well, many people who are my fans know, also know that I am an emcee and that I do hip hop.

Yes, this is a new song that I've written that I'm very excited about.

You're in a very great band, Cracked Out.

Yeah, and then occasionally I do solo material as well.

Don't worry, doesn't mean Cracked Out's breaking up.

No, people have the right to do their own thing.

John Daly's very lazy and he doesn't write rhymes as often as I do.

So don't worry, they're not breaking up.

No, no, no, no, he's just a lazy...

Daly hears this.

I don't know, he's just...

He's a very lazy guy.

No, Winnie the Pooh was lazy.

I love Winnie the Pooh.

That's a good point.

All right.

I want to stop being friends or working with Winnie the Pooh.

It's just, you know, you got to do other stuff.

So this is my new song.

It's called Hi, How Are You?

Yeah.

What?

Yeah.

How you doing, yo?

Yo.

Fuck white people.

Fuck my race.

Fuck white people.

Fuck my race.

Fuck white people.

Fuck my race.

Hey, yo, fuck my race.

The amazing disgrace.

Fuck white people in the ass and the mouth.

Fuck us for the crosses burning down in the south.

Fuck us for slavery.

Fuck us for genocide.

Fucking white people motherfucking dead inside.

Fuck Kevin Costner.

Fuck the kind of crows.

The motherfucking heartlands where the virus grows.

It's called Caucasianitis.

It'll claim your fucking life.

Fuck a white devil's stomach with a fucking knife.

Fuck white people.

Fuck my race.

Fuck white people.

Fuck my race.

Fuck white people.

Yo, fuck my race.

Hey, yo, fuck white people.

Fuck my race.

Fuck white people.

Fuck my race.

Fuck white people.

Fuck my race.

Fuck white people.

Yo, fuck my race.

Fuck my race.

The amazing disgrace.

Yo.

That's it?

Yeah, it's the- Wow.

I haven't written the whole song yet.

You haven't written the whole title yet, I would say.

What are you talking about the title should be fuck white people? Yeah, what are you?

Nose little on the nose All right, well I kind of messed up one line there. Oh, which one fuck. I don't know I stumbled on a line because caucasian itis line. We'll fix it fucked up my okay great We'll do we'll put the five-second delay on I don't worry What else you got planned? I?

Have a fan letter Okay, sure I'm just letting it happen really yeah, whatever you guys want to do do you want to go?

We want to go to serve by this behavior now two thousand bucks Whatever you want to do why wait a second you want to go to a fish festival on July 4th weekend with me You have two thousand bucks. I can okay wait a second. I love the news wait a second man This seems passive aggressive nope to me do your thing no this seems this seems weird I'm gonna count to 2,000 while you read whatever the fuck you're reading. Hey, man Is this real right now this anger that you're feeling oh?

My god his boner is rock hard right now mine. Yeah Mine yeah, yeah yours the one I'm knowing yeah, yeah, yeah, no the one not in my well I don't know why the one I'm not jerking off right now. Yeah that fucking boner. It's a way is this unsuccessful By whose standards, I don't think so it's successful in the in the sense of that homeless people are eating I'm gonna say if you're isn't that the most important thing I guess shouldn't we be having a good time Yeah, this is really just cuz you're ruining my career. Why am I ruining your career people love this show What's wrong with what I've done on your show?

I'm making comments. You don't have any questions about the fuck white people song Okay, how I came up with that why did you come up with it?

Don't don't just repeat questions that I'm telling you to say to me. How did you come up with that bread great question?

Thank you. Why aren't there any twenty four hour sushi restaurant comment on a frustration with my my own race Am I saying that really white people should be killed of course? I'm not saying that Question oh the last we sort of should oh I was doing some more foam corn. I thought we could do whatever now I thought I'm talking about the meaning of my song I'm trying to figure out why there aren't any 24-hour goddamn sushi restaurants. Well. Why aren't they exactly it's part of the phone corner Should we play the theme song again for the phone? No David the way David wants to let's play it here we go foam corner theme Oh, it's a phone corner. That's fun. Thanks, David foam corner with Harris Whittles. Thanks, David fun My favorite Grateful Dead lyric has got to be what a short normal trip. It's been That's fun What else is fun that we're doing are we I would sort of like to see Harris and Scott kiss, okay?

I would like to see Harris and Scott kiss. I would like to see Harris and Scott kiss I would sort of like to see Harris and Scott kiss okay. Well all right well For starters the sexual tension is between Brett and Scott not me. It's not sexual tension. I don't want to see that ego It's pure ego. What's going on here, and I don't like it. I don't understand why you're doing this. I'm having fun. No you're not No, you're not here. Let me tell what you guys need to hear Let me to get over it like you guys really well We should ask you should ask me questions about things that I've been doing on that I've taken the time to do on his show what what are you taking the time to do on my show?

I did that song uh-huh Scott What would you like and again like I was saying wait again like I was saying I'm not saying that white people should be killed I'm just expressing rage over the shame that I have for what my race I don't think our race has done to this world. That's fine. He's fine I think that that was kind of the breaking point where it really made him get upset all right I have an idea. I'm not saying that white people shut up. David has an idea. He paid to tell us his idea I would relinquish control of the show But I have a request One simple request and if you can sort of transfer your acknowledgement of what I want and to this request from the show I will give it back to you. All right. I'm willing to what did you just say?

I think what he's saying is trade this away He basically will give me my show back and I can kick bread off or do whatever I want I don't mean to say I'll write right off But I can do whatever I want just know that my first order of business will be to kick you off the show But you're saying that I can That's not funny. Okay, you're gonna give me control if I grant you a last one request and if you grant it then yeah It's an even trade FCC over here. So basically I just need to grant you a favor Is that what you're saying and then I can have control the show back. That would be great Okay, so you think of a favor that you want from me. I accept your bargain. All right, cool All right, we just shook on it. We just shook on it Brett You're gonna be kicked. That's not my first order of business. I shouldn't say that It's gonna be my second order of business. First order of business is let's hear about plugs. Okay That is our plugs theme by Dan Pritchard and while Dan another Dan while you are thinking of your request I'm going to go to Harris and ask him. What do you have to plug coming up?

I thought we were only doing plugs as your first order of business If you were gonna grant him if you got read control the show Yeah, I'm gonna do plugs then I'm gonna kick bread off and then I'm gonna you haven't gotten re control You haven't gained control. No, I've gained control back though. We shook on it. I got control back He's gonna did I miss what the favor was? Oh, no where he's gonna get to it I said I said from if you don't what if you can't grant him the favor? Well, he's already agreed He shook on it. Yeah, I'm sure I'll be able I just want to control the show back so I can kick. All right Okay, so what do you got? I'm really uh, watch Parks and Recreation Parks and Recreation Brett. Okay, you're kicked off Watch Eagle. No, sorry, you don't get to watch you don't get to plug Eagle Heart Eagle Heart Thursday's on a dog swim Eagle Heart All right, David I can grant you one request What is your request in exchange? I know I made a deal with the devil here But what do you got? I will grant you any requests you have I think that Brett Gilman Who is much more talented than you guys ever give him credit for?

Should have his own podcast here at your world boom boom mother I'm kicked off But I'm back in baby One hour fuck and a half you as much as he wants to record the Brett Gilman podcast You fucked up man. How did I fucking get you are producing my show?

I mean today was essentially that boom I feel like I was so focused on the short con that I didn't even see the long con This has been going on since December if not for years Yeah, Adam Duritz wrote about this and that's on December the long con. Yeah Well, I think it started at McManus like in All right. Is this the reason that I started earwolf?

This is the reason you started you've been pulling the strings this whole time. Oh, yeah, baby And what would you have on this show? What would I have on this show?

Many works by me works by my friends. I'm hoping you'll come by the show sometime who?

all of you Cool. Oh, yeah. Yeah, tell me I'm by awesome. This sounds great. Just so you know, yeah I might have an erection on my own show And have it no other way. You don't point it out I hope you don't care if I jerk it off a little bit until until it gets milked a thrill a minute See, even though that is inappropriate. Some might people might think that that's inappropriate. Why that's allowed on my show That's great. Something like that. I don't know why it's inappropriate It's just I know and I'm not saying the homosexuality element of it is Came across pornographic homophobic. Oh, it's pornographic. Okay No, I would say the same thing if I was a woman and you were talking about my if I was my pussy in that way Just fingering you. Yeah It's not a homophobic thing. I'm not I'm far from homophobic so So I have to give you your own show is that what we're saying? Mm-hmm. Yeah Yeah, you did shake. I saw the shake. This is highly irregular But wish granted for charity. It's for charity for charity. All right, right. You can have your own show Is it gonna be weekly? It will be weekly. You can have your own show and I would ask people to listen to it for charity Charity to themselves to be enlightened charity begins at home and it begins in your ear buds while you listen to the show you're you're Changing the framework of your own mind and look at listening to mine so basically while you're listening think of all the hungry people who are getting fed just by the act of you listening, yeah, and Great, so we'll get you your own show bread. Great. All right. Well, I want to thank I have one no I want to thank David here for being the front man and for for masterfully guiding us So did do you feel like you got Brett's money worth?

Yeah, Brett, yeah Yeah, and you want to plug your your movie obviously? Well, there's Terry and then there's a couple other movies But just Google me keeping the other ones close to the vest, huh?

Good plan. How many yes Harris? No, I'll ask though. I was gonna how many people voted for foam corn?

I had 150 people said I couldn't come on the show So how many in the affirmative did we get? Yeah, what do we got for for votes here for our hairs?
