Coming up on the show today, two musical titans. It's not often that you get a chance to have two musical titans from separate worlds meet, but we are doing that today. We have Weird Al Yankovic and from the musical theater world, we have Andrew Lloyd Webber coming together on the show today.

All of that and more on today's.

Thank you, Reggie Watts. Yes, it is Comedy Bang Bang. I am Hot Saucerman, AKA the Sheriff, and across from me, dancing so wonderfully side to side. It was a treat to behold. Weird Al Yankovic is here. I love that new theme song. It is great. So many things have changed. I mean, the last time I was here, it was like a whole different show, a whole different name. I almost got lost on the way over here. No, I don't think it was a different name. I think you're dreaming. I must be imagining it. You know what I would love? I would love to get a Weird Al Yankovic remix of that theme song, just like you talking over it. Like the Weird Al parody of the Reggie Watts track. Well, it doesn't have to be a parody. I just would love if you like shout your name over it, you know, say 2011. Let's play it again. We can get some of that. Okay, here we go.

2011. Weird Al in the house. 2011. Or 2011. Your preference, really.

Weird Al Yankovic. Yeah. What up, hot dog? What up, hot dog?

Fantastic. I love it. That's me freestyling. I'm pretty good at it. Yeah, you're not bad.

You said the year. You said your name. What else do you need, really? You threw in a catchphrase or two. I've been using a What's Up Hot Dog in my live shows ever since our last interview.

I know. I granted you exclusive license to it. Yes. And I appreciate it. I think my TVQ has gone way up since then. Really, it affected your TVQ. It did, oddly. You've been using it in your live shows and it affected your TVQ. Yeah, they're interconnected somehow. I'm not sure why.

Well, let me welcome you to the show formally. This is your fourth appearance, I believe.

Is it? I believe so. You have been very gracious to the show over the two years.

Too gracious. Yeah, scale it back a little bit. Yes.

No, you're one of our first celebrities to come onto the show. I mean, outside of the kind of insular, independent, indie comedy world that I know, you're one of the... Okay, sorry. No?

Indie comedy, got a thumbs down? No? What do you call it? Alt?

Pseudo-comedy. Pseudo-comedy. Full comedy.

But you're very gracious to come on. I thank you very much and I know you have a very busy schedule because of the release of Alpocalypse. Oh, is that out yet?

I held it up and pointed at it to you as if you had no idea what it was.

What a great cover. It's embossed. Look at that. Gold foil? Ooh.

I have to say, you went all out with this cover. A lot of people are scaling back on the physical releases. You know, I go for the deluxe editions.

Everything I put out was a deluxe edition. Is there a normal edition?

Nobody's buying the... Who wants a normal edition? Nah.

You got to go for the extra 99 cents. Go for the embossed cover.

Do you get... I know iTunes really pressures artists to give them deluxe editions and exclusives and stuff. Are there any iTunes exclusives? Yes. If you go to iTunes, you can get an embossed MP3. Really?

Yes. If you download it, the digital file is just a little bumpier than normal.

You can hear that in the recording, just like a little gravel on top.

Yes. You kind of growl at the vocals instead of singing them. You can feel it. You can feel it.

Congratulations on this. This is just released a couple weeks ago.

Let's say one week. By the time this comes out.

I see you're doing the math in your head. Yes.

Okay. It's a couple weeks ago. Two weeks from today.

And it's already the number one album in the country.

Is it? Let's say it is.

How are the sales? We got to talk about that.

It actually is pretty good. I'm getting my chart number today. I mean, a week ago.

And from what? From the extrapolations and interpolations, I'm being told it's going to be my biggest charting album ever.

Fantastic. Thank you. Congratulations.

And meaning number, chart position? It's probably going to be number eight or number nine. I'm being told. Now, will you get this number in the middle of the show? I might.

Wow. That would be an exclusive.

Well, I mean, it'll come out a week after it happens.

So I guess everyone will know about it. Not as exciting as I thought.

But it would be exciting to hear your reaction to it.

It'd be something like this. Whoa. Or maybe, hey.

Or 10. I thought it was eight and nine.

That's fantastic. Congratulations. Highest charting ever.

And we had Andy Samberg on a couple of weeks ago. And he mentioned that his came out at number three or something like that. And he said it was just a testament to the state of the record industry in a sense because things aren't selling.

Yeah. I mean, it's still impressive because it's all relative sales.

I mean, if you have a number three album in 1995, that's a lot of record sales.

And now I think it's like 14 copies sold. But it's still impressive because it's all relative.

Because yeah, exactly. No one's selling all that much. I mean, other than Lady Gaga.

Gaga, yes.

And do you kind of compare? Like, I wonder what the...

Okay. Let me start over.

We'll cut that right out.

Your single performed this way. Was it released as a single, as just a single track on iTunes and everything?

Initially, yeah. In fact, we got a little bit of pressure from iTunes because there was a whole Gaga saga about how it came to be. But as soon as it came out on YouTube, and then we got permission for it, I was going to hold it back for the album release.

And the word we got from iTunes was like, no, it's out. We want it now. Give it to us now.

So we had to put out the single a couple of months ahead.

I had no idea that iTunes had a...

And they all speak in like a Darth Vader voice.

Really?

It's amazing. Yeah.

Interesting. Well, congratulations on that. Because I mean, I just want to touch on this briefly because I know you're talking about this a lot in interviews, but we all know the Gaga saga.

Yeah.

And I was more interested in... It was a victory in a sense. I mean, it's something...

For people everywhere.

Well, all proceeds, I guess, I don't even know if I'm getting that right.

All of my proceeds. I was not able to convince my record label or Apple Inc. to donate their proceeds, but all of my proceeds from the single and video will go to the Human Rights Campaign.

Which is fantastic. And it was a victory in a sense of... I know that you've been in this situation before where you've recorded a song and the artist denies you permission to release it.

I believe James Blunt with Your Pitiful.

Right, right.

And that was not actually him. That was his label.

I see. Yeah. I mean, yeah, we don't want to like fingers right at him, but you had something to do with it. But...

He was like, okay, I guess it's all right. It's fine. Okay, don't do it then. I don't care.

That's all right.

I wonder if James Blunt got into a conversation with iTunes. How would that sound?

James Blunt, you must obey our orders.

Okay. If you think I should, I will. All right, fine. That's good.

I mean, you know, James Blunt, you know, since he or his label denied permission to you, nothing's been going on with him.

No.

You know what I mean?

Well, see, that's what happens. The L curse.

If you do me wrong, your career, you're the tanks or you die.

So just keep that in mind.

But you've been in this situation before and it hasn't had as happy an ending.

This time you just kind of did something maybe atypical for you, but atypical of any artist, you just kind of laid it all out there in a blog post and said, this is what happened.

I'm all about transparency. You know, my career is transparent.

Well, the whole thing was like, and I was upset because, you know, I had been made to jump, again, I'm kind of regurgitating the story, but I mean, I've been made to jump through so many hoops to provide them with this track, which they needed because apparently the lyrics aren't good enough to determine if they like it. I cut my family vacation short, the whole thing, and then they said no. I thought in the back of my head, there's no way they're going to say no.

How could they possibly so inhuman as to make me do all this and then say no? And yet they, meaning the manager who shall remain nameless, did.

Now, has your family forgiven you for cutting that vacation short?

That's the part of the story that no one's talked about.

We'll go back to Hawaii in August, so I'll make it up to them.

Now, you just released the record just in time for your tour because you're out there touring now, and I had the great pleasure of seeing you last year. You invited me to the show, which was a big thrill for me. And it was not the first time I'd seen you live, but it was the second. And I believe I told you my wife was just raving about the show saying, oh my God, he put so much into it. And I think she was surprised because normally when you see a show, just anyone's show, actually, artists these days don't put a lot into their shows, and you give at least 100%, maybe if not 110.

No, no, I never give 110% because that's metaphysical physically impossible. I hate people that they give 110% because there's something otherworldly going on there.

I took math in high school. I will not give more than 100% of anything.

Now, you barely ever give 100% though, either.

No, and I dial back a little bit even from there. And the other thing is I try to lower expectations, which is I think maybe that was cool I've enjoyed it so much is because they try to, like, you're not going to like the show. It's really- No, you did send plenty of emails to us about that.

It's fairly mediocre. You're really not going to like it. And then when they go, they go, this is much better than mediocre.

But I guess it was a long show too, which is like it was over, I feel like it was over two hours.

It's a bladder buster.

And you had 30 costume, I was counting your costume changes. I believe you had- I think it might be more like 70 or 80, but I haven't really- It's like a Cher concert.

It's like Cher plus Lady Gaga minus John Leguizamo.

Minus Cher minus Lady Gaga minus John Leguizamo. Plus Weird Al.

Plus Weird Al.

I took math in high school too.

Thank you, thank you.

So go out there and see it. And of course by the way- I've seen it all. I was there. I'm on stage.

Do you ever, do you watch your shows back after you do them?

Can you do that?

Sure. From heaven.

Now, I'm looking at the album here, Alpocalypse, which by the way, our good friend Robin Van Swank, I think I said Van Swank, but it's Von Swank obviously, did all the photography, which did a great job.

Yes, she did the comedy bang bang calendar.

Yes.

Which, and some- Did that alert you to her?

It kind of did. It actually kind of did. I mean, I was sort of aware of her, but I saw her work on that calendar and I thought, wow, she's really, really good.

She's so good.

And yeah, she did a, this is I think my favorite album cover ever, ever.

Oh.

So thank you, Robin.

Yeah, she's great. It was one of those few times where someone has written to me on Facebook and said, hey, I want to do fill in the blank. And then you look at her work and you're like, oh, wow.

Like she's great.

Right. Yeah, yeah.

Yes, of course. Let's do it. She's fantastic. So one other thing I want to mention about this record, I believe it is the first Al record that has three acronyms.

That could be, and I, yeah, so it's TMZ.

Mm-hmm.

Uh, CIA.

Yes.

And.

Let's see. Judges. Can we, what's the third one?

Oh gosh. Oh, it's going to be, oh, this is CNR.

CNR. Ding, ding, ding.

Thank you. Thank you.

You did it.

Uh, how's it feel?

Now is it acronyms or is it initialisms? Cause I got busted on this one. Cause the acronym.

You would know.

Yeah. Cause an acronym I think is where it's like SCUBA, where you can actually use that as a word.

So you wouldn't say like SIA or Siener.

That's true. Yeah, it probably is initialisms.

Thank you very much.

How's it feel though, to put out a record, uh, with that distinction?

You know, I, my whole life and career has been building up to this.

And the only thing I can do for my next album to top it would be four initialisms and or acronyms.

Four or five or six or seven or eight or nine or 10 or 11.

I gotta give myself room to improve.

Um, now you have 12 songs on this record.

As far as you know.

That's true. Have you ever done one of those where like, uh, uh, you, you, I know there's hidden tracks that are at the end of the record.

Yeah.

You know, the ones that I forget what the title of it is, but you can rewind.

I, I considered doing that actually a couple albums ago.

And there's like a guy in Texas that owns the rights to that technology.

Really?

Yeah.

And, uh, we were actually going to do that, but for some reason we couldn't do that.

And something else, like maybe it was the dual disc, which was a dead technology when you released it, but there was, but there was a, yeah, there was some kind of thing where I couldn't do that and something else I really wanted to do.

So I didn't do it, but you can do that.

Whereas like, you never hear the song, but if you like start at track one and then rewind it all the way, you hear a secret song.

And you know what the, uh, what I have found is there's, I have a few records like that, like the X file soundtrack, I believe, and stuff like that, where, uh, it's impossible to copy those in a way.

Right.

You know what I mean?

It's like the track number zero or negative one or something crazy.

Yeah.

So when you put it into your computer and download the record, you can't copy it.

So it, it, it almost is like a solution of piracy is what I'm saying.

You saved the industry, Scott.

Thank you.

Well, I saved the industry, uh, by the way, I do want to mention, uh, engineer Frank over here.

Let's get a mic over.

Hi, Frank.

Frank, uh, let's go over and under.

Here we go.

There we go.

All right.

I was destroying our studio.

Another reason we need a new one.

Weird how came in here and just destroyed everything.

But, uh, engineer Frank is a big, uh, fan.

He's was very excited to meet you.

And, uh, he, he, uh, uh, by the way, engineer Doug on vacation.

Still in Florida.

And, uh, he mentioned that, uh, Florida, like, uh, uh, uh, uh, for rehab.

He has in Florida still.

But, uh, Frank, you mentioned, uh, your experience with Al growing up.

What, uh, uh, do you want to recount that?

Um, well, your music was actually the first music I ever encountered on my own.

Um, so I, uh, learned all of your songs and then through the course of my life heard the songs that you were parodying.

So in my mind, yours are always the originals.

Oh, thanks.

So when you hear the original songs, you're like, this isn't funny.

Yeah.

Why are they doing like an unfunny version of a Weird Al song?

I knew all the lyrics to The Saga Begins, and years before I heard American Pie.

I think The Saga Begins is a way better song than American Pie.

I'm not a fan of American Pie, I gotta say.

But you also mentioned that when Kelly Clarkson came out with the song Since You've Been Gone, you were very excited, because he assumed Kelly Clarkson...

The cover version of my song Since You've...

Yes.

So he got very excited to listen to it.

Oh, yeah.

Like, all right, she's doing a Weird Al cover.

Like, oh, great.

Actually, somebody, I forget who it was, some artist did a song called Like a Surgeon.

Do you remember?

What?

Really?

Is it Ciara?

Somebody, yeah, they did.

And I heard about it on my Google alert or whatever, and I thought somebody did a cover of it.

It was a completely original song called Like a Surgeon.

I had a friend like that in college who gave me his brother's band's demo.

And I saw...

I said, oh, wow, he does a cover of Eight Days a Week, and he goes, no, no, that's his own song.

I was like, you can't call your own song.

Yeah, I've got a ballad called Stairway to Heaven.

It's nothing like the Zeptoon, completely different.

But speaking of Frank, growing up with your music, you posted something on Twitter the other day, which was you were talking about recent reviews of the record and how some of them have followed a theme saying, oh, it's not as good as the one I heard when I was 12 years old, which...

What do you think?

And I don't think those reviews are accurate because this is a strong album.

We'll be playing one of my favorite songs from it or a portion of that a little later.

But what do you think?

Is it about your music that appeals to people in that time period?

I don't know.

I think your brain works a little differently at that point in your life.

I know that...I still like Mad Magazine, okay?

I might pick it up every once in a while, but when I was 12 years old, I lived for Mad Magazine.

I mean, I would scour used bookstores and magazine shops for back issues, and I would just wait by the mailbox for the new issue to show up.

I mean, it was important in my life.

You spent a lot of your childhood waiting by the mailbox.

I did.

Where's Al?

Always by the mailbox.

Where's my best friend, the mailbox?

I don't know what it is.

I think that that particular age, you appreciate that kind of humor more, I suppose.

My theory is that childhood is such a scary time, and the whole world feels imposing to you and feels like there's so many rules and so much structure in your life that when you hear your music, it just kind of is a relief to you and makes you feel like there's good things in the world.

Let's go with that.

I like that.

The whole thing at the Mad Magazine thing again is like shaking your fist at authority and any kind of thing where you take what the cool kids like and do a spin on it.

I think the nerd in all of us appreciates that.

All right.

Well, let's play a little something right now.

We haven't done on the show before, but when you get a huge star like yourself in here, it's time to open up a new feature.

This is something called Word Association.

Uh-oh.

Word Association.

Normally the...

There we go.

Word Association.

This is a theme.

I'm liking it.

Yeah.

2011.

All right.

Word Association.

I'm just going to throw out words and...

I have a reaction every time I hear Missing Persons because I got pelted when I opened for them in...

Interesting.

...1982.

My first big show.

Oh.

Yeah.

That was the big thing on Behind the Music.

At that point, I didn't have a whole lot of drama in my life, but the first show I ever did, the first big show, was opening for Missing Persons at the Santa Monica Civic.

And yeah, the curtain went up and they saw me with my accordion and I got pelted for about 45 minutes.

So they had no idea not only who you were, but that, I guess, your style of music?

Well, it was pre-record deal.

I mean, I think I had like another one rides the bus at the time.

How would you get hooked up with Missing Persons?

Were they a fan or...?

I'm not quite sure how that all came to be.

I mean, I had some airplay, limited airplay on K-Rock and the Dr. D'Amento show, and I guess the promoter thought, oh, you can get Al Cheap, why not?

And the Missing Persons, they're fairly, I enjoy them and they're sort of power poppy.

You wouldn't think of them as a punk act necessarily, but everybody in the front row had these studded dog collars.

They were very into that scene and they were not into the accordion, oddly enough.

And yeah, we got pelted with anything that was heavy and that they could, yeah.

And to this day, people come to me and say, hey, I saw you at the Missing Persons show.

And my immediate reaction is, oh, great.

What did you throw?

Yeah.

No, no, I liked you.

I threw a huge garbage can, like, and do the right thing.

Yeah, the only time people applauded during my show was when I got hit in the head with something large.

Oh, man.

Did you play the whole show?

I was getting paid 500 bucks to play for 45 minutes.

You know, that's better than, there's a scam going in where, you know, they make opening acts now pay to be on the show.

Really?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, so I scored.

Yeah.

No, you did quite well out of that transaction.

Word association.

That was kind of like song association.

I had no idea that would have such a strange connotation to you.

Okay, here we go.

So just say the first thing that comes to your mind.

Okay.

All right, here we go.

Chicken.

Pizza!

Oh, wait, I got to calm down.

Sorry.

Oh, word associated kind of gives me riled up.

Okay, I'll calm down.

Chicken.

Pizza.

Very good.

All right.

Japan.

Am I just a word?

Yeah, anything.

Just anything that comes to mind.

That reminds me of when I was in Japan in 1984, and I got to do this whole kind of lost in translation thing where I was on all these TV shows.

And there was one, this is on YouTube, if you do a fit for a weird Al Japan, and it was in 1984, I did Eat It phonetically.

In Japanese.

Yeah, like half- I thought you meant in English.

I was like, I'm not sure why you have to do that.

That was sort of a Gerardo thing where it's like half English and half bad Japanese.

And I'm there on stage performing with dancing sumo wrestlers, and at one point a guy gets wheeled out on a gurney wearing a large lobster outfit and requests that I eat him.

And then it gets weird.

But you were only too happy to apply.

It just gets kind of weird after that.

Then it devolves into something I can't even describe.

Wow.

All right.

And you touring back then, what was your touring life back then like?

Was it like lost in translation in the sense of like, was it lonely or were you out there like- In Japan or in general?

Just in general.

Did you date a lot when you were out doing the show?

I suppose I tried, because I was this nerdy kid all through school and women were alien to me.

And all of a sudden it was like I was a guy in a rock band on the road, and it was like all of a sudden, what?

You mean you'd go on a date with me?

Cool.

Did you find, and this happened in my life, where all of a sudden I started dating a lot and I had this view of what dates were supposed to be like.

So I would take people out on dates when really they just kind of wanted to hook up.

You're living a rock star life.

Maybe women just want to hook up with you and you're like, may I take you out tomorrow night?

Well, the thing is, honestly, I did have a dating life, but it wasn't like a motley crew kind of situation.

Especially if a hot woman came backstage and was like, Al, I really want to introduce you to my 12-year-old brother.

He's a big fan.

Big fan, Al.

But you know, I mean, there's probably some runoff there.

All right, let's go on.

Flem.

You know, Flem is a big part of my life.

You know, I'm a big fan of the Flemish dialect.

All right.

Here we go.

Sports.

I was, you know, the guy I always picked last for the Ping Pong team.

And I'm pretty good at Ping Pong, but you know, people just assumed that because my forearm is a little weak.

How would they know that your forearm is a little weak?

Oh, they can tell.

Oh.

They can tell.

Maestro.

Well, I'm, you know, I know that's a musical question, but it makes me think of Rodents.

So maestro, maestro.

That sounds like how a hairless person would congratulate a baseball player.

All right, moving on.

Diarrhea.

I think of Anne Frank.

And of course, last we have fart.

Fart.

You know, as I've always told my friends and colleagues, fart is trath spelled backwards.

All right, and that ends word association.

That was so much fun.

It was fun.

Wasn't it?

All right.

Let's play a song.

This is actually my favorite song on the record.

This is a Stone Cold classic, in my opinion, and pick up the record.

It's fantastic.

And thank you so much for sending me one.

I did not expect that.

It was fantastic.

You get the perks just for being you.

This is If That Isn't Love.

And when we come back, we will have Andrew Lloyd Webber will be here, a meeting of the musical minds, a M of the MM will be here.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be right back.

Oh, yeah.

I'm a shelter from the storm.

You know I'll always have your back.

I'll even let you warm.

Your freezing hands inside my butt crack.

I never get out my leaf blower when Oprah is on And when you're telling me about your feelings, I try not to yawn And when we're at parties, I don't talk about your spastic bladder When you're cleaning the gutters on the roof, I hold the ladder And if that isn't love, if that isn't love If that isn't love, I don't know what love is Na na na na na na na na na Na na na na na no, I guess I don't know Na na na na na na na na Listen now, there's a microscopic bit of milk left in the refrigerator I could have finished it off but I quit in case you want a tiny little sip later And if you cut the cheese then maybe I wink and say the dog's to blame And I make sure to call you baby every time I forget your name I'll even tell your girl when you start looking fat Cause all your so-called friends will probably neglect to mention that And if that isn't love, if that isn't love If that isn't love, I don't know what love is Na na na na na na na na na Na na na na, well then I don't know Na na na na na na na na Oh no Even though you made me sit through Mamma Mia Well I still adore you I'll kiss you even if you've had omelets for breakfast And I can't stand omelets After I take a bath if it's still warm I'll leave the water in there for you I give you my word, you're so beautiful You make a glorious sunset look like a big fat turd, yeah Every time I see you By the way, the Perform This Way video just came out Fantastic, technical achievement, the likes of which videos have never seen You know, the hormone shots and the low-carb diet really paid off, thank you Disturbing is the word that most people use It's disturbrific, or disturbilarious, depending on how much you appreciate it So check that out on youtube.com I think it's tubi.com, something like that And will you release that on iTunes?

I will, retroactively, three weeks ago Oh, congratulations, three weeks ago Alright, coming up on the show now, we have a brand new guest That's a weird way to put it, but we have a new guest to this program, I guess And he's been on the program before now Have you met this gentleman?

I don't believe so, no First time meeting It is an honor He started in the business a little bit before you He started in the 60s, I believe And still going all the way to 2011 Where his new musical, Wizard of Oz, was just premiered And here he is, Andrew Lloyd Webber Hello!

Oh dear Hello, Godfrey Could you clear your throat before you...

Lovely to see you I have I've been in the Auntie Room The Auntie Chamber For about 45 minutes, clearing my throat Is Gilbert Godfrey still in there, by the way?

He is What's he doing there?

I don't know, he just hangs out, I'm not sure why He just keeps making his hand into a sort of duck Talking to it over and over again Saying it's your fault Welcome to the show Bless my buttons, it's weird Alastair Oh, it's such a pleasure I've never seen any of your plays, but I'm your biggest fan Thank you, darling Lovely to see you Not as much, but everything I've read about you, I'm very impressed I'm rather impressive I'm a knight of the British Empire, that's nothing to sneeze at I shan't sneeze Nothing at which to sneeze Forgive my dangling premises I was checking out your Wikipedia bio today And I noticed you have about five children As everyone should You have about five children About, they're about Give or take Round it up And they all have the title The Honorable before their name Is that something you get when you're a lord?

Just your children are named The Honorable so-and-so lord whoever That's exactly right When you have a sort of litter of pups as I have with these children They all become thanks to my lordship They become honorable children Wow, do you have to refer to them as The Honorable Jim And they say Lord Webber to you?

No, it's understood that they are honorable But you must genuflect before them Really? Your own children?

You see them upon the street?

Yes, I must genuflect before them Wow, that must be difficult to rear them It makes things complex It's getting about the house is difficult Whenever I encounter one of them I must genuflect How's Sarah Brightman doing? Your second wife, by the way I was a big fan of hers We're still attached We're very good friends We just couldn't make it as a married couple So now we are friends with the benefits Really? You're still digging deep in that?

I beg your pardon Never mind Not familiar with the terms you use on this very classy program I don't know what happened Well, welcome. It's a great pleasure to see you It's a great pleasure to see you I wanted to get the two of you together because you're both musicians Indeed And you have a lot to talk about, I'm sure Al, did you start in the 70s or the early 80s?

When was I born, you mean?

Yeah, just when did you start living?

When did you start your musical career?

See, my balona was like 79s I'm a child of the 70s Okay, and you started in the 60s with Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat No, no, no, dear boy Perhaps you remember the character I created, Jesus Christ Superstar I believe that was post-Joseph I think you're mixing up the testaments, old and new I don't think it has anything to do with the position of the testaments That's not the order in which they were released I believe you have found that Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat followed Jesus Christ Superstar I actually believe, and you may be forgetting your own bio, but I believe you wrote that first for a children's choir in the church And then after Jesus Christ Superstar was a big hit, you came back to it and fleshed it out Are you familiar with lysergic acid?

It was the 60s, dear boy, never forget We were all high as kites back then Literally, we believed we were kites Really?

Flying, soaring high in the sky Discovery electricity Attached to keys Did you ever take LSD back in the day?

Not as far as I remember I'll have to go through my old journals I call them journals, not diaries Not like Anne Frank No Oh, the journal of Anne Frank Does not have the same ring Does not have the same ring So now you have a lot to talk about, I'm sure I would love to talk about the process of writing Absolutely A little peek behind the curtain Now, this is something I genuinely want to know, which is When you have the radio on in your car, you drive, I assume Sometimes, yes Now, when you have the radio on in your car and you hear a new song And you know a song like Born This Way is going to be big Do you start messing around with the lyrics first or do you try to Do you have a work day where you sit down at a computer for eight hours and you hammer out lyrics?

Well, when I hear a song on the radio that I think is going to be a great target for a parody And if I'm driving the car, I'll pull the car over and park and I'll just weep quietly for about half an hour Just knowing how great it's going to be for your career It's going to be so beautiful Tales of joy Then I kind of get myself together and I drive for a while And then I'll have to pull over again because it comes in waves Sometimes you wind up in Portland, you've driven all the way up there You just don't even know I can't go home, I just have to go until I run out of gas And then I have to walk to the nearest gas station In the songwriting trade, we refer to those as Portland moments Yes It's very important to the entire process, I'm sure you can relate Indeed How many forests in Portland did I find myself in when I was writing cats?

Just carrying a gas can around Constantly carrying a gas can Now, as for you, Andrew Lloyd Webber, though As for me You don't hear songs on the radio and then adapt them You have to drive around in your car and actually hum to yourself and try to come up with them whole cloth Yes, I have to invent things Not to say you don't, Al Not to say that you don't, Al Oh, no, no, no I enjoy your originals perhaps even more than your parodies Thank you, Scott Well, you know, I work primarily in my dreams I fall asleep and that is when I review in my mind eye, India The songs that I've heard throughout the day And various concepts and things like the Bible, anything there?

And then I will dream up a musical Two things Two things as it turns out so far Oh, I would love to see you return to your Biblical musicals I would love to write a musical about revelations What about revelations?

Yes, I was just going to say just the fire of the brim Oh, the seven-headed beast within seven diadems The four horsemen, so many numbers I would love it. It would be a real toe-tapper Could you do Alpocalypse, the musical?

Wait a second Wait a minute Hold on a moment Half a mo Yeah, please, we don't have time for a whole moment I think you've hit upon something Now that brings me to a bit of a skeleton's bone to pick with you Weird Alistair How come you've never done any periodicals of my musics?

Wait, did you call them periodicals?

Indeed, is that not what they are called, song periodicals?

I thought your plays were periodies already What?

The gravest possible insult Forgive me, I'm sorry My mistake Standing on my cape I was misinformed But that brings up a great question Are there artists who are upset that you have not turned your periodist's eye towards them?

Yes, I'm not allowed to mention any names By whom?

The people that come God?

The people that come groveling up to me saying, please Al, please And you're like, you're not big enough Get away from me You're no Lady Gaga Get out of my sight You disgust me But how could you do something like, Emry, it's a board for my fingernails I could Emry?

Emry board Emry board Emry board Come on, come on Scott Emry board This is not my line of work, I'm doing the best I can The kids love their emry boards They're still around, it's fair What were the lyrics again?

Emry Emry, it's a board for my fingernails I'm digging it, it's catchy, see how it already picked up on that?

I wonder what other songs you have that could be adaptable I wonder what other songs I have I mean, that would be adaptable to Listen to the choosing of a knife That's if you're at a fancy restaurant Oh, Colory, Colory period Yes, you're faced with the choice of many knives Wait, at a fancy restaurant, they bring a selection of knives to your table and you get to choose?

Oh, I do forget you're a commoner, Scott I don't believe I've ever experienced that I was going to do an entire album about cutlery parodies Featuring the Cyndi Laupertune Tine After Tine Oh, do you see?

It writes itself Well, no, I mean, it works very hard, you can't say that to You can't level that kind of accusation I'm referring to it as a songwriting machine Yes, yes, I'm superhuman and the ergo, not an actual human Ooh, Latin What about something from Evita?

Oh, yes, let's see You have Don't Cry For Me Don't cry for me Give me a moment Everyone shut up, silence Silence, shut up I'm a lord Don't cry for me Argentina, it's two diner cooks and waitresses Argentina Okay, so you go to a diner and you do not want them I do not want fried food From them in particular From them in particular Well, the other one's working, it's very late at night I'm a sort of trucker, I've pulled over my truck Sure, on the dirty side?

That's the side of the road, by the side of the road Is that sort of trucker lingo?

Trucker lingo, yeah Have you listened to a lot of trucker comedy tapes?

Breaker, breaker, good buddy That's true I do listen to a fair amount of trucker comedy tapes That's where you get a lot of your material Oh, I love it all Who was it, you were telling me once Jerry Clower You were telling me that Sunset Boulevard was based on a trucker comedy tape that you heard once Yes, I don't understand why people don't realize that It couldn't be more obvious, there's a lot of CB references You get a lot of good deals on those gift shops too People think it's Cecil B. DeMille No No, it's a CB Citizens Band Radio Good buddy And there's a lot of references to good buddies, plain brown wrappers Yes Which contain smoke ears So now back in the mind of this trucker character He pulls over, he goes to the diner, he preps a bit overweight He's watching his diet His wife has just told him, it's either your fried foods or me, you cannot have both He comes to a difficult decision He's familiar with this Marge and this Tina Sure, yes He's been to this trucker shop many a time I'm sure he's going back and forth from Seattle to Houston several times Yes, he's got to put the hammer down Yes, he knows the route And he arrives in this diner Pedal to the metal He opens up a menu Yes He sees Marge and or Tina come up to him, they say what would you have Probably both Probably both, they work as a team Conjoined twins Yes Oh yes, did I leave that part out?

Yes They are conjoined twins Yes, oh now I'm interested They are conjoined twin diner waitress slash fry cooks Of course And he opens up the menu He opens up the menu A difficult decision awaits him Marge and Tina arrive as a conjoined unit And he opens up his mouth Okay, will you please I don't mean to direct you They say what will you have And he opens up his mouth and he sings Don't cry for me, Marge and Tina And then he just ends right there That's it How long does it have to be?

Usually the length of the song that exists You get more play on top for any rate or that way Keep it short I only listened for as far as I could hear the joke in the title Then I'm done with the song Yes, it's like It's a lot like an onion headline Yes, I feel it, exactly I feel a sense of completion Well, that's fantastic, so I don't know maybe a whole record That's all I was just saying I was getting inspired there I could do like four or five hundred songs per album If I just keep it to the punchline Sure But you know, there's albums like Newman Sings Nielsen, you know Or Alfred E. Newman Yeah By the way Never mind, I'm not going to tell that I'll tell it to you Okay Speaking of Alfred E. Newman But yeah, something akin to that Just like Al sings Andrew Edward Yeah Al sings Andrew You know What do you think?

Why haven't we done this yet?

I don't understand We could lay some down right now, couldn't we?

We are in a studio Yes We do have a full orchestra, yeah?

Of course we do Let's lay that Emory song down They're on the clock Al has brought his accordionet No, that's a fantastic idea, so I don't know It's a phantom-tastic idea Oh See what he did there No, I don't Phantom of the Opera he did Phantom of the Opera He did what now?

Phantom, no, never mind Never mind?

You're familiar with my music Phantom of the Opera Phantom-tastic idea Phantom Phantom of the Opera, it's based on the movie Phantasm Is it?

Yes It has that flowing That tiny little ball That floating ball Yes, it's got many knives in it I did not get that the one time I saw Phantom of the Opera Listen to the choosing of a knife I see It all comes full circle Of course it does Like a ball with many knives Yes, yes Any questions for Andrew, Al?

I have time for two more You see, I wasn't aware when I showed up today that your honorableness would actually be in the studio so I didn't come prepared with any questions, of course Quite alright But I would have to say out of all of your many great, great works which do you think would be the most favored by Asian people?

Yeah, great question Probably Starlight Express They have weird taste They have weird taste So I think having a couple topic bombs dropped on you will maybe alter your national psyche Perhaps?

Being the one country where that's happened It might affect you in certain ways There's a lot of testing that goes on in the deserts of the USA That's true, but there's not a whole population living there except for Gila monsters and so forth Scorpiones So you think that the bright colors and the roller skates and the mere fact that it's about a train Yes made up of roller skating weirdos People pretending to be trained That's got to be someone's fetish, right?

There must be Did it come to you, I know it came to you in a dream but because of your time in the fetish clubs?

Yes, I would see people in these fetish clubs and I would wish so devoutly I wish they were pretending to be trains Why isn't anyone here pretending to be a train?

Sure, you have the roller skates and the costumes and you're singing But why is no one pretending to be a train?

Why is no one pretending to be a train?

You almost launched into a little bit of Starlight Express there I was at Starlight Express That's one of my favorites too I may be Asian myself You might be A secret Asian man Hey Hey Let's lay it down Secret Asian man I'd like a crack at remixing that theme Alright, let's do that Let's bring up the theme again, Frank, if we could and we'll do the Andrew Lloyd Webber remix and here we go and action I say Comedy, bang, bang, comedy, bang, bang, comedy, bang, bang Comedy, bang, bang Comedy, bang, bang, comedy, bang, bang, comedy Oh, hello, hard talk, how have you been?

Comedy, bang, bang Andrew Lloyd Webber Comedy, bang, bang Musicals Comedy, bang, bang The Avengers there Comedy, bang, bang Death to all infidels Oh, I got served I got served Like you're so much better I don't know about the end of that one What's wrong? What's the problem?

Were you at the Royal Wedding?

Of course I was at the Royal Wedding.

Yeah, tell me a little bit about that.

Well, you've never seen so many crazy hats in your life.

Looking around that room.

I was watching the Royal Wedding on TV and I still have never seen so many crazy hats.

What do you mean you're watching it on TV?

Sorry, on telly.

What do you mean you're watching it on telly? What are you talking about?

They broadcast it.

What's this now?

Yeah.

Why did they do such a thing?

I don't know.

It's a private intimate affair?

Yeah, I don't know.

It was just the 4,000 of us crowded into that chapel.

It's not like they broadcast the honeymoon.

Why didn't they?

So you're okay with that?

Well, this is how we do things, dear boy, where I come from.

Weddings are private, but honeymoons are very public.

Is your honeymoon with Sarah Brightman on video anyway?

Absolutely. Check it out on YouTube.

Really? What do you end up doing on your honeymoon there?

I know you didn't have children, so was the marriage consummated?

I don't think so.

We played a lot of Scrabble.

There was a lot of Scrabble playing.

What is your highest Scrabble score?

Probably 70,000.

That is a little higher than the normal.

I know where to place the tiles.

I'm very good at strategy.

I know of a hundred words.

Just a hundred?

Yes. Take that, parrots.

Parrots or parents?

Both.

First of all, in your face, parrots, the bird.

But also, take that, my parents.

You and Will Smith have a lot in common when it comes to that subject matter.

It is true. I am in agreement with him that parents simply do not understand.

When will they ever?

I don't think...

Can we change that? I don't know.

To when will parents ever understand?

Parents will sometimes understand at some predetermined date in the future.

Now, weird Alistair, you are a parent yourself.

I am.

You have children.

One, but who's counting?

You have one of several children.

Yes.

The Honorable Nina.

Now, is she a bit of a handful sometimes?

It depends how I pick her up, but yes.

She's a sweet child.

I shan't make light of her.

She's a wonderful, blessed, honorable infant.

But really, no.

We can talk about it.

One parent to another.

I tell you.

Is there anyone worse than this Nina?

I'm sure there are several people, yes.

What is your child's temperament?

I know this is dragging someone into it who can't defend themselves.

Maybe we should just get off this topic.

But I am interested. You're a new parent?

I knew as of eight years ago, yes.

But in the grand cosmic scheme of things...

I don't look newish, I know.

Compared to the age of the world.

Yes. Oh, when the Earth's crust was still warm.

Yes.

What was the question? I'm sorry.

Do you have an exciting experience for you?

No.

Okay.

Alright, let's take a break.

Speaking as a father of five children, you get the idea.

Fairly quickly.

Oh, I see.

Why do you continue? Is it just you like sex?

You keep thinking it's going to be different.

Sex is alright.

It's alright.

With a woman?

Yes. I don't mind it.

I don't mind it.

There's other things. There's writing musicals and there's Scrabble.

Let's take a break. When we come back we'll get...

I have a diminished libido.

I can imagine. We'll get more into Andrew's sex life.

Maybe we'll talk to Al about his sex life.

I don't know what's going to happen. But this is Comedy Bang Bang.

We will be right back after this.

Since you've been gone Well, since you've been gone Since you've been gone I couldn't feel any worse if you dropped A two-ton bowling ball on my toes Since you've been gone It couldn't hurt anymore If you shoved a red-heart cactus up my nose If you shoved a red-heart cactus up my nose Since you've been gone Since you've been gone Well, it feels like I'm getting Tennis shots every day Tennis shots every day Since you've been gone It's like I got an ice-cream headache That won't go away Ever since the day You left me I've been so miserable My dear I feel almost as bad As I did When you were still here Ah, that is since The aforementioned since you've been gone And Al, you started Weeping during the song Just in case my daughter listens to this podcast When she's 40 years old, I want her to know that Yes, in fact, it is exciting being a parent Thank you very much I would like to tell my children now It was not fun Not fun being a parent If she never understands the concept of irony I just wanted to know Yes, Nina, if you are A humorless person Who does not enjoy life A 40-year-old Someone who shrugs at the idea of ice-cream Your father was joking around Look up the concept of jokes In the dictionary His picture will be there If dictionaries still exist Gosh, do you think that joke will still exist?

Look up the picture In his dictionary What if pictures don't even exist?

I'm scared parents are going to take over What if that revelation you were talking about Happens and humans don't exist And we all ascend to heaven What revelation was I speaking of?

You know, the one in the Bible That book Was I speaking of it?

Yeah, you said you wanted to make a musical of it Yes, I don't recall You did That was 20 minutes ago You're reading a lot into what I said You said you wanted to make a musical But I wasn't speaking of the moment of revelation Where we all rise into heaven You were talking about the apocalypse I don't know what just happened Alright, it's time For future generations such as Nina to sort out Please, historians of the future What did we do wrong?

We need some help Alright, it's time now to play Would You Rather Yes, it is time to play Would You Rather And this is We all know how we play this People send us Would You Rather scenarios Jeremy Piven Jeremy Piven Jeremy Piven Jeremy Piven Jeremy Piven Jeremy Piven Jeremy Piven Jeremy Piven Jeremy Piven Jeremy Piven Oh, gosh What happened?

Alright, we all know how this is played People send me Would You Rather scenarios At CBBWIR at Twitter And we read them and then you'll answer questions And we'll try to figure this out Alright, here we go Roman Vincent, aka Roman VF Asks Would you rather live in a hot air balloon And have a Frankenstein brain Or Have a pack of black cats Follow you around Asking if you're eating tuna Alright, would you rather Live in a hot air balloon and have a Frankenstein brain Is there a chance I ask questions before I decide on the answer?

Well, yes, the floor hasn't opened yet So that would be one mistake in the game I would have to dock you points Were you to ask me a question before I officially That wasn't even a question, that was a pre-question I understand May I make a request? Yes That you open the floor for questions The ceremonial opening of the floor has begun Oh yeah, oh yeah The question floor Is now open for questionings Alright, I'll get in before Andrew Lloyd Webber Because he's great at questions No, stop!

This hot air balloon Is it one of Sir Richard Branson's Hot air balloons?

The floor recognizes Andrew Lloyd Webber Yes, it is, and he's there with you He gives up his life of being a tycoon Being a regular Scrooge McDuck To join you in this hot air balloon And counsel you I have a follow-up question I have a Frankenstein brain Does this mean I have the brain Of Dr. Frankenstein?

Oh, that was my question!

It is my question now Illegitimate child, you!

Great question It is not the brain of Dr. Frankenstein It is actually a brain from a graveyard That is the only part of you that is Frankensteined If I may use that as a verb You may Someone has gone through a graveyard And dug up a human brain As fresh as possible, of course Mark it fresh Was this brain just buried by itself?

Yes, of course, it's the only surviving part Of someone who was in a horrible car crash Their body just exploded And only their brain was sitting there on the driver's seat And they said, oh, this would make a great Frankenstein brain But the car was intact Of course, the car was intact But the brain was just sitting there on the seat And this would make a great Frankenstein brain If anyone were to do that Oh, well, let's bury it And then someone else heard about this And came in and dug it up And put it inside your body May I ask, who are these people?

Oh, who are the people?

Oh, yeah, well, the police officers first They discovered the brain Yeah, of course, they put a little police tape around it Who had the idea that this would be a great Frankenstein brain?

That's way down the line We haven't gotten to them yet They put black light over everything Sure, you have to these days See how disgusting everything is? Brains So many things on brains CSI people must have the worst view of the world They're just constantly shoving black lights all over everything And just seeing the semen This semen-covered world That's all I see when I look at the world Do those lights detect anything else?

No Is that really it?

It's just semen everywhere It's like when you have a dog and you realize you've never worn those novelty glasses where all you can see is the semen in the world Anyway, yeah, it's basically Basically, you're cutting all the people in between It's your friend Jim comes to identify the body He says, oh, yeah, that's my friend's brain Oh, he's a friend of mine? Oh, well Yeah, your friend Jim gets the idea because he's the friend of the deceased Who was the deceased, by the way?

Did we know him, Jim and I?

As a matter of fact Jim knew him, but did I?

Jim knew him, you did not know him You are one step removed from the deceased So I do get a male brain?

No, it's a female brain So all of a sudden you're able now to hear other women's thoughts A lot like the movie What Women Want Because that is the effect of having a female brain in a male body You are able to read women's thoughts But it is a Frankenstein brain Yes, it's been Frankensteined It's a brain that has been Frankensteined Frankenstein is a sort of technique Yes, exactly Much like Julianne is to carrots You know Julianne Carrots I love Julianne Carrots, oh, what a dancer Legs up to there Well, we should say that he's pointing up to the top of his legs Yes, to the hips Does that answer your question?

Your two-part question?

Partly Al, you have a question? I have one question and then I have 43 follow-up questions Fantastic Richard Branson Is he there under duress?

Is he going through any kind of existential angst?

What is his basic demeanor?

It seems like a two-parter, but yes, he is there under duress No, no, it's all one question That doesn't count as two, that's one question So sorry, so sorry You have a shotgun to the back of his head, yes You have forced him to get on this balloon Finally, my dream come true He is there under duress And he learns to like it after 20 years It's kind of Stockholm Syndrome takes effect So the hot air balloon ride then goes on for at least 20 years Oh, there's a lot of hot air You never have to refuel That's good to know We're kind of getting our finger on the pulse of the whole hot air balloon scenario But can we jump across the divide and talk about the kittens?

Now explain again that The black cats follow you around asking if you're eating tuna Okay, so Are these anthropomorphized cats?

Are they robotic cats?

Oh, but of course It's actually MC Scat Cat Oh, from the Paula Abdul video How many MC Scats Cat?

You're saying it's a number of them It's like Whoppers Jr.? Yes, indeed You could make a musical about Just that video Well, I need to do more investigation There are 543 that follow you around 543, are they the size of MC Scat Cat from the video?

Paula Abdul's size They come up to your hips They're walking upright on two legs Oh, of course, the only way to do And now their voices, because I don't believe we heard MC Scat Cat's voice You heard him sing, sure We heard him sing sadly about his speaking voice Are they singing the question, do you have any tuna?

Yes, of course Yes, every single time In unison or in harmony, or do they alternate?

They are a lot like Bananarama Where they can't figure out harmonies They just do unison singing Like every anthropomorphized cartoon cat Singing in unison Have you got any tuna?

Yes, and that is the only thing they sing And what is the frequency At which they ask this musical question?

You know how when you start something And then you finish it?

I beg your pardon?

You know how sometimes you'll start something and then you finish it?

Anything in life Like turning a door knob?

Yeah, one will start something, then one will finish it There's a definitive beginning, middle, and end So they start something, then they finish it And then they immediately start back up again So as soon as they are done singing That's a better way to say it Have you got any tuna?

They immediately start again So it's constant So the intervals in which they sing this question is Constantly Yes, there is half a second Where there is no overlap And during that half a second Do I find any peace?

Yes, that is the only time That you find any peace But unfortunately they sing the phrase so slowly Do you have any tuna?

It takes them one whole calendar year to finish Can you give me A sort of sampling of what this would sound like?

Well, I don't have a calendar year, but I can start It would be That's kind of soothing You can sleep through that Being lulled into the arms of Morpheus as we speak That's not so bad They overlap themselves, so when one cat has to take a breath The other one is singing Like a church choir that has to sing a really long note Circular breathing, like a lot of sax players use They do not have superhuman breathing power Come on, no, of course they don't That is ridiculous They're cats Are you responding at all to this cat scenario Just because of the time you spent in the world of cats?

I've not yet Up made my mind As the English say Any other questions for you?

Yes In this Sir Richard Branson Hot hair balloon scenario In which my brain has been Frankensteined No, yours has not been Frankensteined The brain that you receive has been Frankensteined I do apologize An important distinction With my Frankensteinian brain Do I enjoy the company of Sir Richard Branson?

Yes, of course That's why you kidnapped him And forced him to be in this hot air balloon In his own hot air balloon I've done this It's a scenario of my making It's his hot air balloon You've seen him passing over your castle several times Waving down at you saying, hello Andrew Lloyd Webber I wish that were true He's not calling you Lord He's not calling your sons honorable Blood boils And you finally have had enough of this asshole And you get out your shotgun Your musket Both of them And you Take a shot at him A pot shot And it puts a little tiny hole into his Ah, but just enough Just enough and it goes I bring him down to earth as I've longed to do for quite some time And then you take this gun And you shove it in his face And see, you're still polite enough to him That you call him Sir Richard Branson Has my brain been Frankensteined at this point?

No, it has not I'm still myself That comes much later in the process You say, get back in that balloon I'm going up here with you and we're going to spend some time together Get out of my dreams and into your balloon Yes, of course And then you go up in the balloon and Needless to say, your brain is Frankensteined Needless to say Yeah, that's it From the hot air balloon Do I see these 543 MC scat cats?

No, that is an entirely different Scenario, but yes, you do see them Bugging that other guy who chose that Scenario The cats love your balloon and follow The balloon around And so you happen to see that guy But it's so far down below I have another question about the cat scenario Ow, you are not getting in here, I have to say I'm transfixed 143 MC scat cats They're constantly seeing asking me Have you got any tuna?

I must ask this question Have I got any tuna?

That is the one question That you are able to answer from them Because you have plenty of tuna Yet they still keep seeing asking me Yes, they do, because Once you feed them, you have to feed them 46 times a day Because they're very hungry They process their food At an accelerated rate Cartoon cats do Let me ask this Am I happy about it?

Oh yes, see that is the question That no one ever remembers to ask on Would You Rather Am I happy?

Yes, you're actually so much happier Than in the other scenario This is your thing, man But I am happy In the other scenario In the hot air balloon scenario Very happy With the MC scat scat And their constant tuna demands a song I love giving them tuna And having them sing Ask Me For It Here's what I want to know The whole thing where the hot air balloon Is cognizant of the Other scenario of the MC scat scat Now hold on, your hot air balloon Is not cognizant The balloon itself is not sentient No, it has your old brain The balloon does The actual balloon has my old brain And you can see your brain up there Just my little brain The gigantic bulb of the balloon Yes, of course So in the hot air balloon I am sentient I am somewhat aware or no?

You are sentient, the balloon is not It has your brain but it is not sentient So we're aware of each other's scenarios Is this anything like the scene In Woody Allen's Stardust Memories Where two trains are passing And one train is full of happy people And one train is full of sad people Which would be the happy train?

Great question, no Okay, so Wells has a question Or should we close the floor?

Do we have enough info?

I believe I have made my decision I am closing the floor for questions The floor is closed We're going to have to vote, alright Al How do you like to vote in this?

I would like to vote correctly I have to say that This is a bit of a sham because I kind of made up my mind Before the floor had been closed Because frankly I got Severe hives Just watching one MC scat cat In a Paula Abdul video So the thought of 543 doing anything In unison I think would probably Make every pore in my body explode Even though you are The happiest you have ever been Even though Interesting, taking a stand Andrew Lloyd Webber, or Lord Andrew I should say, Dame Sir Lord, please First of all, I'm a man We call you Dame Sir quite often on this program You seemed okay with it I don't care for it, I'm trying to be polite Sorry, you seem to court it On your other appearances Well, were we ever so young As much as I do understand I would be the happiest I've ever been Having those 543 Tuna loving Sing song inquiring cats In my life, following me around Constantly sing asking me for tuna I would love to bury the hatchet That I've had with Sir Richard Branson For so very long And if I can only do it in this imaginary scenario And give up some of the great happiness I would feel with those Tuna hungry cats Then I will do so For honor, for friendship And decency I have a tear in my eye And you know what?

You said it was an imaginary scenario It is not It's happening right now Let's take the roof off the Aerial Studios There he is, up there in the sky Sir Richard, hello, it's me Get out your shotgun And fire There you are, take that you bastard That doesn't seem conciliatory We're not there yet Oh, he's falling down Oh, he's landed Go over to him Stick that shotgun in his face Sir Richard, yes I'm in business with this shotgun How will you get in this balloon Of your own creation And be my Frankenstein brain friend For all times Oh, he says he won't do it You have to make him, you have to stick that gun back in I am holding a shotgun in your face Oh yes Andrew Lloyd Be my Sincere honor To get into your hotting balloon It is your hotting balloon now You have taken ownership Of the hotting balloon Thank you dear boy, please do I have been waiting for such An opportunity to form A bond and an alliance with you This is a wonderful boon To all mankind Let me ask you a question now That we're in this balloon Your friend Jim He told me about this brain Which I now have I'd love to put this into your body dear boy Oh, I wish you would Open up your skull if you would You have a zipper right there in the back All lords do Alright, and here we go There's your brain And your brain goes up into The hot air balloon Here we go, now shall we go up?

Yes, up we go Up, up and away Goodbye earth And rational thought Oh my gosh I wouldn't have believed that If it didn't see with my own eyes Well, I mean the listeners can believe it They heard it with their own ears now It happened Wow, that's amazing Well, I don't know where to go from this Am I your only guest now?

Alright, well Let's go to the last section of the show And it is of course the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs Alright then They're not the kind That fit into a socket They're not the kind You put into your scalp They're not the kind That Augerman shoves In his ass They're the greatest kind of all Plugs we love Plugs we need them Plugs are our favorite Time of the show Plugs are the fucking Shit, man That's all You need to know And that is the There's more of that, but we don't have time That is the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs Song by Jim Harrell I hope I'm pronouncing that right, Jim Jim Harrell maybe, Harrell But thank you so much for sending that So long for the time constraints we're under right now But Al, what do you have to plug?

Oh, have we played everything The Alpocalypse album I've got an app for my children's book When I grow up Available at places where you buy apps What does that mean?

It's like an application What do you do?

It scans the book It's a picture book So you can either read it to yourself Or you can have me read it to you in an annoying voice You could tilt it And crayons will roll off the table And you can touch people and things fly out of your hair So the book is contained in the app itself It's like better than a book Like books!

Who reads books anymore?

It's like an iBook but in app form Let's go with that And you're on tour?

As we speak, I'm doing a concert right now In the studio Do you like it?

A little more boring than the last one that I saw Check out WeirdAl.com It will enlighten you as to where I am right now Turn on your computers Open up a browser And type in WeirdAl.com It works on Safari, Internet Explorer Netscape For you OG browsers What are your plans for the rest of the year?

Anything going on later in the year?

After the summer?

More touring I'm going to have my post-GAGA vacation In August And then we're going to be on the road in September, October, maybe a little bit of November What if Lady Gaga cuts this one short?

Oh, you do not want to go there Thank you iTunes Hold on, this is highly unprecedented Oh hey Scott, hi WeirdAl Paul of Tompkins!

What's going on you guys?

I was just in the neighborhood What are you guys doing on the show?

We're doing a show, it's the open door policy here Welcome Are you up to plugs yet?

We just got there Can I do some plugs?

I do have a few plugs Show for the last minute with the plugs You've got to put in a little bit of effort here How many times have I been on this show?

I think you yourself You yourself have been on two I believe You know what, you're right, you've probably been on more than I have That's true Anyway, here's my plugs July 16th, the Paul F. Tompkins show at Largo at the Coronet Theater Oh thank you very much Scott, you don't have to say that But I'm glad that you did And then July 25th through the 30th I will be in Montreal At the Just For Laughs Festival They do that festival only for laughs I will be there as well Can I piggyback on your Absolutely I'm doing something called Amped at Club Soda With Garfunkel and Oats I'm hosting With Garfunkel and Oats and Reggie Watts And Bo Burnham and Tim Minchin It'll be fun We've never done a crossover plug before This is the first on the show Anyway, back to me Also I believe it's July 11th I will be seen in the season premier Of Curb Your Enthusiasms I thought you were going to say Big Brother I was excited Wouldn't that be strange?
