---
layout: page
title: 113. Bobby Moynihan,Seth Morris [6227⧸20996].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

You know I'm from SNL, current cast member Bobby Moynihan is here, and an old favorite drops by to tell us how his business is going. All of this and more, all on today's...

Thank you very much. That is, of course, Reggie Watts comedy bang bang theme, Weird Al Remix, 2011. And it is a fine summer's day here at the show. Summertime, I know you guys are out there probably listening to this at the beach, probably surfing like you do with your iPods, strapped to your surf belts, surf utility belts, where you keep a knife for sharks in an iPod case, and all your change that you that you need to go buy hot dogs at the convenience shack. But appreciate you listening, and it is summertime. I am, of course, Hot Sauce Man, aka the Navajo, and I'm having a great summer. Hope you are too. And I'm excited because we have a first time guest here on the show, and I could not be happier about it. All right, let's get to our first guest, our main major important star here. This is his first time on the program, I'm so happy that he could be on. We met about a few months back in New York, I believe, doing Ask Kat. I was doing monologues, as I am not an improviser, and Bobby here was in the cast.

Bobby Moynihan is here. Hello. Hello. Great character to start off with. Old timey Bobby Moynihan. That's not bad. It's not a bad idea. It's not bad at all. You are familiar with the regular time Bobby Moynihan. Yeah, he's all right. Old timey. Now, we all know you from Saturday night live. That's correct, I hope. Saturday and then night? I mean, that doesn't even make sense.

Very confusing. Yeah, I mean, they should work on that. By the way, talk right into that thing that we have right in front of you. I don't want to. You've been on the show for nigh on three years now, I believe? Yeah, three years. Just finished my first year as a cast member.

Congratulations. Thank you. How did that feel when they told you? They didn't tell me. Oh, you were just watching the show? I found out when I saw a nice chubby gray haired man putting my picture in a different place on the wall. It moved from the featured player section to the...

And that was right as you were... It was Saturday night right before the Amy Poehler episode.

Wow. And I may or may not have teared up.

Ah, that's nice. Tell me about just getting on that show in a sense, because I mean, that's a dream show for most people in our field to get on. What was it like for you?

It was crazy. It was definitely one of those childhood dreams. I used to dream about it as a kid, but then it's also like going to space, because it's ever really going to happen. But the process of getting it was insane, very long process. For me, it was 14 months. Wow. Auditioning every day? I auditioned six times a day for 13 years. Wow, that's crazy.

But you got to do what it takes. That's show business. I'm still technically auditioning.

I'm waiting to hear. We all are, aren't we? Until death. Yeah, exactly. And when you were a kid, you say you used to watch it. What was the cast like when you were a kid? What era do you really remember kind of watching? See, it's weird. I think I was a nerd, so I was a big nerd about it.

I think you're right. So it's like the entire, like all of the casts, or like all of them, except probably like the Eddie Murphy years. I kind of just watched them all. I still have a wall of VHS tapes that I put them all on. Yeah, that was bad news. Wow. Every single episode, like in order or? For a couple years, yeah. I have like probably a good six seasons. Wow.

And then I would like go to the Museum of Television and Radio and go watch the original episodes. That's crazy. So it's almost like you did a lot of homework to try to get, you know, to get on the show. Was there anything that you used in your knowledge of the show in order to affect your audition? Yeah. Well, I mean, those, the best of DVDs, like I would watch the auditions on there. Jimmy Fallon's audition is like, Will Ferrell's is absolutely amazing, but Jimmy...

I've never seen those. They're fascinating. Tracy Morgan's is absolutely hilarious.

He's in like a dirty white t-shirt. He's very heavy. It's just hilarious. It looks like he came in off the street, but he's, you can so tell Lauren was just like that guy.

Wow. But Jimmy Fallon's was kind of the one where like, Will Ferrell's is absolutely phenomenal, but Jimmy Fallon just, he does like 60 things in like five minutes. Really? I remember thinking like, I know they asked for three characters and three impressions, but like I'm going to just try and show, like here's 60 things I could do on the, whenever you need them. Right. Oh, so you have like a deep bench of stuff that they could pull from. Yeah. You want to show them that.

Feel like the more range and like, it's kind of like... Where's that truck? What is that?

It's a train. It's a train? Okay. We don't have anything for a train, do we? Engineer Frank?

It rhymes with plane. I know. I wanted to bring a plane bagel in here.

So we could do a plane bagel. Just so that I could say plane bagel.

Plane bagel. If we hear one, we'll do one. I promise you that. I'm waiting for it. Do you see how excited I got? I know. Your eyes lit up. Almost like you're being told you got on SNL.

So did you show them like a whole bunch of things and like extra things?

First time I auditioned, I did like three characters, three impressions, and then they were all very long and very like, here they are, here very presentational. And then I went and met with Lorne a couple of times and then... Lorne who? Lorne Green.

Oh, really? From Battlestar Galactica? Yeah. Well, the original police squad. Yeah.

And then the writer strike happened. So then I waited nine months.

Yeah, I remember picketing. Yeah, it was awful. That was a great day.

That was the worst nine months of my life because I was just waiting.

Oh, I never thought about that. Yeah. I met with Lorne before that and I thought I was going to start. And then it was nine months of waiting. And then when it was over, I was just like, oh no, I didn't get it. Because you hear stories about previous seasons, like Franken and Davis were going to take over the show or something. And then the writers strike happened and when it came back, it just never happened. Yeah. Yeah. I think Maya Rudolph got... had a baby. And then they hired Casey Wilson, who's awesome and a friend of mine.

And I love her to death. And then I came in a couple months later and auditioned again. And that time I was just like, I thought it was over already. I was just like, my chance was up. So that time I just did a whole... I just did things that I thought were funny. Oh, cool. I didn't do that normal three character, the three impression thing. I was like, I'll do snaggle puss. I'll do dumb stuff that makes me laugh. And I think that worked out. So did you find that that gave you a kind of a spark that your previous audition maybe lacked or were both auditions great?

I definitely think my first audition was like, okay, I feel like from Lauren's point of view, he was like, okay, he's not afraid. He knows what he's doing. He kind of knows what he's doing.

And then the second one was like, oh, okay, he could do a bunch of stuff. Oh, great. I feel like if I had only done that first one, maybe not. I don't know. Interesting. Well, you know, you don't really want to handicap what if I did this, what if I did that? Because you're on the show. Yeah, I'm just very happy. Don't air this. No, we don't air this show. Don't worry about it.

And you're on, you're coming back or do people not know on the summer? I know some people don't know during the summer. No, this is the first summer where I'm not completely terrified, but I still don't know yet. Right. Isn't that bizarre? Like you think they lock you in for that long of a time, but I mean, I don't want you to cast aspersions on whether a situation is bizarre that you're benefiting from. The audition, it literally never stops. I saw Forte recently, Forte came back and his sketch got cut. And this is like after nine years of being on the show and then leaving it coming back. And it's like, it never ends. Yeah. And then for Parnell, he leaves, he gets fired, then he comes back. Yeah. I mean, it's such a- I was glad about that. Oh, yeah. He's so amazing. And what's really interesting about the show lately I've found is that people, even people who are fired from it, like they're coming back and performing on it, it seems like it's a happy family. More so in the days where you'd fire someone, they'd be bitter about it. It seems like people kind of understand it a little more now. And I think so. I think like it's just, it's definitely that family feeling. Like, you know, I'd never met Chris Rock before and then I saw him at a jet game. And- You pointed at engineer Frank. I'm not sure why.

Me and Frank were talking about it right before. Oh, okay. That's not Chris Rock?

Chris Rock you see is a black fellow. Oh, no, I didn't know. Yeah. Oh, then you don't see people that way? The story is completely wrong. No, I saw him at a jet game and he was just like, oh, hey, man. Like, and it's just like, oh, yeah, hey. Oh, the family. It's very strange. You feel like you've gone through or together. And when you think about it, very few people in the world have had the opportunity to do what you do. I think I was the 119th cast member. Yeah, I'm a nerd.

But that's great. I mean, I was, you know, John Hamm, friend of the show here. Yeah, he's, well, he's on this Mad Men, anyway. He's in Toy Story. He's in Toy Story. Yeah. He's only in Toy Story 3. Yeah. Playing Woody. Yeah. He, I was saying to him like, it's so crazy that, and Zach too, it's like you've done something that even fewer people have gotten to host, in a way, I think, or maybe not. You're the, you're the historian. No, much more people have hosted. More people have hosted. Yeah, I guess you're right. Probably around 700 somewhere. The first time I said Live from New York was the 666th episode. Whoa. And what was that sketch? It was me, it was me and Kristen as the Salahis, those White House party crasher people. Oh, right. Fred was Obama doing a speech and we were just in the background taking pictures and doing crazy stuff. And was that, what kind of a thrill was that for you to be, was it like, did you get the script and it set it in there? And you went, oh my God, I'm saying this. I didn't, I didn't know till the readthrough, because also I, when I first looked, we had no lines in it because we're just in the background.

So I was just like, oh, I have no lines in it. And it didn't occur to me to skip to the last page.

Like I was like, oh, I just have to act. So I just read all the stage directions. And then it said, I still have the script, like the cue card, like everything. Like it was the, it was the greatest.

Cause there are- You can hear me, you can hear me laugh. You can hear me like hysterically, maniacally laughing when the, when the credits start. Really? Oh man, that's amazing. It's crazy.

Cause there are cast members who never get to say it. Yeah. People who've been on the show for years and years who have never said it, right? Yeah. I mean, but you could say it around the house, right? Yeah, I don't. I feel like you're like, it's kind of like- Is that like Macbeth?

It is. It's kind of like the thing. Like it's a lot of like, people just do their bits.

My favorite new bit, Keenan has a character named Googie Renee, who always says, it's about savings. And so now a lot of the time people go live from New York, it's about savings. And that makes me very happy. All right. Well, it's, it's great that you're on the show. You do some great characters. You're, you're one of the breakout hits of the last few years and congratulations to that. You're far more successful than I will ever be. And I'm jealous.

You're on Taint Magazine, man. Oh, that's true. All right. So we're going to play a little game right now, if you don't mind. Okay. It's a little game that we like to call, and engineer Frank, are you ready for this? Here we go. Chris Rock, are you ready? Chris Rock. This is a little game we like to call Hollywood facts. Got it. Nice. Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown going to Inglewood now. Everybody do your facts and know your stars. There's glitz and glamour and lots of bars. Get a drink at a club. Then go walk in front of Chinese theater. Hollywood facts.

Take out your dick. Check out the facts. It's the Hollywood facts, bro. All right. How does the Hollywood facts theme song remix? That's Randy. Randy Sandberg. And bro. Yeah. So we know how we play this. So I'll tell you a Hollywood fact, a Hollywood myth basically, and you tell me if it's true or false, if that is actually what happened or whatnot. Okay. What not? What not?

Yeah. That's a creature. Yep. By the way, you're wearing a nice X-Men blob t-shirt, I have to say.

I like to call myself the blob. So I was really happy when I saw this t-shirt. It's a great t-shirt.

Or blobby. All right, blobby. Here we go. First Hollywood fact. If you sync up Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon with The Wizard of Oz, the movie, there are a lot of surprising correlations between the lyrics and the action on screen. Is that true or false? That is true. Oh my God, I'm wrong, aren't I? No, it's false. It is impossible to sync up that record with that particular movie. Sorry. I was thinking of, if you sync it up with the novelization.

Yeah, that's maybe where that Hollywood fact and myth came from. Yeah. I'm going to go.

Maybe this should be fact or myth. Yeah. I don't know. We'll figure it out one of these days.

This is only the second time we've done it. All right, here we go. Is this Hollywood fact or myth?

Got it. Humphrey Bogart's last words were, I should have never have switched from Scotch to martinis. Oh God, I hope that's true. It is false. No, I'm sorry. No, that is a myth. His last words were, I never should have switched from being alive to not being alive. Yeah. Do you know what his first words were? Yeah. The monkey in Shirt Tales is based on me. Will be based on me. No, he created that. No one knew it. And then he lost it. Like in La Bamba, he threw it in the dumpster and Eastside Morales found it. Interesting. That is not a Hollywood myth. All right, here we go.

There's still time to come back. All right. Fact or myth? Antonio Banderas is doing an impression of his character in the Mask of Zorro for his character of Puss in Boots. Fact. So sorry. So sorry. It is a myth. He's doing an impression of his cat Puss in Boots. Yeah. So sorry. All right.

Well, still time to steal here. Still time to steal. All right, here we go. Hollywood factor myth. The line, it was beauty killed the beast is the last line of dialogue in the original King Kong.

False. You are right. Yes. It was the last line of the alternate ending of Disney's Beauty and the Beast. Amazing. Yeah. I was going to say, I thought it was shallow hell.

When he kills Gwyneth Paltrow? Yeah. Yeah. She climbs up. She climbs Jason Alexander.

All right. Well, you got one. So you're on the board at least. I'm glad. All right.

Here we go. Last one. Steve Gutenberg. Steve Gutenberg. You familiar with his work?

Yeah. He's a policeman. Oh God, he died. I'm going to finish. Okay. Me and Chris Rock are finishing the show. All right. Excuse me. Steve Gutenberg. Steve Gutenberg appeared in all 10 of the Police Academy sequels, including Police Academy 11, the one where Michael Winslow dies, not Sergeant Larval Motor Mouth Jones, but the real Michael Winslow actually dies. Fact. That is a fact. Yes.

And with two points, you win. Is that a real thing that you just said? That is a real thing. Yes.

It's a Hollywood fact, not a myth. I'm going to rent that tonight or buy it. Yeah. Well, Netflix at the very least. No. I'm going to buy the company Netflix. Why not? You know, you got a lot of disposable income lying around. Yeah. SNL money. That is of course how we play Hollywood facts. Nice. Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown, going to Inglewood now.

You can lay something on this if you want. And know your stars. There's glitz and glamour and lots of bars. Steve Gutenberg. At a club. Then go walk in front of Chinese theater. Michael Winslow.

Hollywood facts. And Sweet Chuck. Take out your dick. Check out the facts. It's the Hollywood facts. Bro. All right. That is of course the Bobby Moynihan remix of the Andy Samberg, bro remix of the Hollywood facts theme song. I could listen to Andy do that forever.

Just freestyling off the top of his head. He's the funniest dude in the world.

Is take out your dicks his go-to. Well, most of his freestyles end up with him trying to either make out with me somehow or force himself on me. It always makes me very happy. Yeah. I got him forced out of me quite a few times during that show. All right. Let's go to a song and we come back. We'll have a very special guest. This is Bobby Moynihan. Call me bang bang. I'll learn how to talk right after this. We'll see you in a few moments.

They're taking all the fucking beautiful animals. Yeah.

The U.S.

This is comedy bang bang. We're here with Bobby Moynihan. I am of course, Hot Saucerman, AKA Hot Saucerman. I don't know what I should. I think you should call yourself Hot Saucerman from now on. Okay. Okay. No problem. Nate. We are here and we're about to have another guest and I am very excited. He was on this program a long time ago. Long time ago. Oh, no way.

And he has returned. This is, of course, Ozzy Patinkin is back. No relation. No relation to who? Ozzy Smith. Mandy. Oh. Oh. A great police detective actor. We remember you from the show and people may not know you by name, but they do remember your specific occupation, which can you tell people a little bit about that? I'm the owner and operator of the bakery for dogs at the Grove. It's a place where you can find every kind of baked good you could ever want and eat for your dog in addition to other things that dogs should never have like dog briefcases, dog sunglasses, dog parachutes, dog skateboards, dog cell phones, et cetera, et cetera. We're making some real big strides in the, I call myself a dogstivist.

Do you now? I'm an activist for dogs. Yeah. Oh, I get it. So you put dog in the word activist.

Stivist. Yeah. Stivist. Yeah. So last time we checked in with you, you had a whole bunch of treats that you baked. You told us about those. Well, I've really, I've moved beyond some of the baking. I mean, we still, you will always be able to find really literally every kind of baked good your dog could ever want to need at Bakery for Dogs. That a dog should not have. Well, sure. I mean, yeah. Yeah. But to me, it's still not enough. I mean, my manifesto, my central belief is that dogs should be treated as people. And that in general, dogs are a little bit too big. We need smaller dogs. Well, you know, again, we're making some good strides on the coast. There's some tiny dogs, but- It seems like your business is in direct contradiction to that ethos though, because if you feed your dog treats, it gets bigger, especially baked goods. Well, we do have some low carb options, but I'm not talking about size. You know, girth is one thing. I'm just talking about large sizes. Spines. I mean, if it can't fit into a baby brawn, then I think it's too big. Yeah. I think it's too big. Well, and why is that? You just- I just think dogs- Well, ultimately- There's not a lot of space in this world. You know what I mean?

Correct. Correct. And ultimately, what I'm really going for is I'm working with scientists in the hope that one day dogs will have dogs for pets. Hmm. That is the most adorable thing I've ever heard. Could you imagine seeing a little doggie? Walking on a little doggie? And you say, what is that string connected to his front part of his body? And it's a leash connected to a smaller dog.

Holy shit. And the dog is walking a dog. Wow. That would be- This is the same thinking that got men on the moon. My heart just started.

Are you familiar with the theory of the singularity?

I believe so. Yeah.

Well, for your listeners that aren't, there's a scientist, Ray Kurzweil, who believes that in the near future, we will have a fusing of technology and humanity. Humans and machines will become indistinguishable. Sure. Talking about nanotechnology.

You'll be able to transplant your consciousness into, yes. Thank you. Small wonder. That's all that needs to be said. I was about to explain it, but that says it all. Vicki Lawson.

If what I'm- Do you have tapes of that lining your walls?

Yes. My house is made of VHS tapes. If the police were to raid your house, what surprising things would they find? They would find a lot of things. If they were to raise my house from birth, it would be a whole other story.

Or what if they were just to raise it, like level it at the end?

It could also be. Yeah.

Why would the police do something like that to you?

They don't like me. It's all Gutenberg's fault.

So Ozzy- Dogularity is what I'm- Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I interrupted you.

The dogs become indistinguishable and we need more rights for dogs, frankly. That's why I'm here. I'm sorry to be political. I know this is a, what is it called?

Fun- Fun Time.

Radio Fun Fun. What is your show called?

It's, well, it's Comedy Bang Bang.

Fun Fun. Okay. Well, that's, yeah. This is not a joke. You know, it's 2011.

That is not a joke. You're right.

And, hey, I'm all for what happened in New York that- Wait, do you mean- Gays can marry.

Oh, oh, that one. Oh, I thought you were- I thought you were talking about something else.

Yeah. Oh, are you talking about my 9-11 conspiracy theories?

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Oh, I could go on and on about that.

I would really rather you didn't.

We'll talk about that later. I got some real fucked up websites for you to check out.

Okay. But anyway, in this day and age, it still disgusts me that dogs cannot get married.

They're not recognized.

Yeah. Who would they marry if- Other dogs.

So, not humans?

No.

Because a lot of people think that gay marriage is going to lead to people marrying dogs and- That would be disgusting.

Fucking horses and not marrying them.

Yeah.

You know, like leaving horses.

I would marry a manatee if I was allowed to, just because it would- Oh, manatees are- Just for the picture.

Mythical and wonderful.

They're adorable. They're like loaves of bread in the sea.

You can still take pictures of yourself in a manatee.

I would love to get a picture of myself in a tux and a manatee in a bridal gown.

What would the manatee be wearing?

A bridal gown or a veil, at least, for tradition.

You gotta be careful because those manatee bridal veils get caught in the propellers.

Yeah.

Do you sell those?

Huh?

Do you sell those?

No, I haven't branched out into aquatic animals yet, though.

But you know, more clothes for animals.

Anything you could put, you know, I just think that animals with clothes is not only adorable, but necessary.

You should make dog costumes for dogs so that they could dress up as other kinds of dogs.

It's not like when we have Halloween costumes, we dress up as other humans.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Like a slutty dog costume.

Yeah, but anytime you put a costume on a dog, it's always to make him something else, like a hot dog or a- A Frankenstein.

Yeah, you know? I mean, let dogs be other dogs.

I tried that, but you know, we had a Spud's McKenzie costume.

We had a Bark Obama.

Well, that's not another dog.

Well, it sounds like it is Bark Obama.

I mean, we all know the human president, Barack Obama.

What?

Right, right.

Wait, have you never heard of this guy, Bobby?

That's another thing.

Another black fella like Chris Rock.

Hey, great that we have a black president.

Why not a dog president?

Exactly.

Air Bud.

Sure.

Is Air Bud still alive?

No.

Wait, what was that?

Oh my God.

No, that's not it. Sorry, man.

Was that one of those Transformers?

Yeah, I believe that was Optimus Prime passing by outside.

Could be.

Yeah. What do you think about those guys?

You know, that stuff is ridiculous. I don't really have any strong opinions about it.

It distracts me from my work.

What is the point of clothes for dogs?

Because they don't have shame, do they?

Excuse me?

Do they have shame? Do dogs possess the shame that humans have?

Well, we're working on that. We're working on that.

Do you think that that is like nature or nurture? Could you teach dogs shame?

Yes, absolutely you can.

It involves a lot of muzzle holding, eye contact, and very stern tone of voice.

Yeah.

Which you have.

Yeah, you possess that, definitely.

I do.

I'm a little frightened of you, honestly.

Well, you know, the funny thing is I've devoted my life to this work, and I don't know if you know this, but dogs don't like me.

Really?

You'd think I have an affinity with them, but that's not true.

Do you like them?

Okay, but they don't like you back.

Not at all.

Is it because you have a store that sells them things that they shouldn't have?

You know, I don't know if they know that right at first when they meet me.

It's just something they learn later.

Yeah.

But their general first impression of you is not- I've been told that there's something about my mannerisms that goes straight to the dog amygdala, which is the rage and attack center of their brain.

It stimulates that.

Wait, what is going on outside?

Transformers 4 actually being shot outside?

That is a very racist Transformer outside.

Are there any black Transformer trucks?

There were.

There were in the first one.

Who was voiced by Eddie Winslow from the Family Matters.

Brother to Michael Winslow.

Is that- Yeah, who died in Police Academy 11.

Eddie Winslow was his character's name.

I don't know what the guy's real name was, but he was the brother on Family Matters.

Yeah.

So dogs don't like you, but that doesn't keep you from doing your work.

That's kind of noble in a way.

Of course not.

You know how Jewish people fought for civil rights in the 50s and 60s?

Sure.

Gene Hackman did a thing about it.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

That's great.

Just in the same way, I will not rest until- even if they don't like me, that's okay.

They don't understand.

I will not stop until dogs are considered equal to human beings.

I mean, think about it.

When you go around and you drive, what are the street signs?

What are they written in?

It's words.

Normally- Human.

Words.

Human words.

Why?

You don't think dogs would like to know where they go?

Well, that's fine.

Oh, yeah.

Is your suggestion then to have a street sign that doesn't have any writing on it, that just barks, that has like a speak- I got that in one.

Yeah.

Well, yeah, I mean, I can see that.

It would be a little confusing because you would have to have- big breeds and small breeds have different languages, so you would have two simultaneous barks.

Right, yeah.

Screaming at you and it needs to be really loud.

Right.

I feel like you should go for dog cars before the dog street signs, because they got to learn how to drive.

You got to make those tiny- Oh, dogs drive.

They do? They do?

They actually drive.

Yeah, the media doesn't want you to just the same- I mean, well, I guess we're talking about 9-11 now, but stuff about things that they don't want you to know.

In what way does this relate to 9-11?

Things that they don't want you to know?

Let's tamp that down.

I've never seen a dog drive.

You know, it was interesting.

I have a dog.

We all know that.

Rocky?

We all know that.

You know Rocky?

Of course I do.

What did he think of you?

Has he gotten my top hats?

I keep sending him top hats.

Listen, I thought they were mine.

I keep sending them back because they're too small.

Oh.

I'm sorry about that.

I'll try to put one on Rocky next time.

Dog haberdashery has been one of my passions since I was a child.

That's a separate passion than what you do as your profession.

Sure.

But we were talking about my dog today, about how it has a birth certificate, and- Oh, good. Oh, good.

And I was wondering why it doesn't have a social security number.

Well, again, 9-11 did not happen, okay?

And if you go back there, the record- In the World Trade Tower 1, there was a file.

It's called the United States dog option.

They found that, I thought.

No, they- Yeah, they found it today, like earlier this morning.

I think 10 minutes ago.

Are you not on your phone?

Are you kidding me?

I'm not kidding you.

They found it.

This is huge.

Yeah.

It was right in front of Madame Tussauds.

This exposes- This is bigger than the Area 51 files being released.

This lets us know without a doubt about the conspiracy against dogs.

9-11 was all to keep- It was all about the suppression of information regarding the governments.

No, we know all this.

We read the story about it.

We're the ones telling you.

Okay.

Yeah, we read it.

Six minutes ago, they found it.

Six minutes ago.

Yeah, it's a big story.

I'm surprised that you haven't heard about it.

I mean, it seems like you'd be jacked, like you'd get alerts or something.

We read it during the song.

Yeah.

That's what we do is we peruse dog websites.

That's why it was the government- You guys are very informed.

That's great.

A lot of people are not, you know, are not hip to this.

Do you listen to progressive radio?

Is that how you know about this?

Yeah, definitely, definitely.

Do you have a radio show, by the way?

I do not, no.

You should, though.

Totally should.

Oh, I would love to.

You have a great voice.

Well, I do have- I am on the Dog Whistle Network.

Yes.

I do have a thing that only dogs can hear.

Well, that's what I was talking about.

Yeah, because I read this in your bio, so I was- Right.

Yes, yes, yes.

Yeah, so a lot of people think that it's just a station between the stations.

Not true.

And they think it's just total silence, but it's actually just dog whistles.

Right, right.

The best signal you'll see where there's a bunch of what seem like random car crashes, and that's because the decibels that I work in will shut down the electronics of most automobiles.

I heard that there in The Beatles, A Day in the Life, that there's a dog whistle in that.

Can you confirm or deny that?

I'd rather not talk about that.

Okay.

Oh, boy.

All right, well- That means there is.

Yeah, why don't we take a little break?

When we come back, we're going to talk more to Ozzy, and he has something exciting he wants to tell us about.

And we'll be right back with Bobby Moynihan.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

This is Huss Huss here, and we'll be right back.

I think my sister's cute.

What?

I think my sister's cute.

She's got a pretty good smile.

I dream about kissing her lips, and mom says, no, no, no, but oops, I did it anyway.

I kiss my sister on the lips.

I kiss, kiss, kiss my sis on the lips.

I kiss my sister on the lips.

I kiss, kiss, kiss my sis on the lips.

Short song.

Are you enjoying that?

Sorry, everyone.

We had some of my dog macaroons.

That song could fit in a baby Bjorn.

Then it's in.

All right, this is Comedy Bang Bang, and we're here with Bobby Moynihan.

Bobby, what do you think of this Ozzy fellow?

You haven't met him before, right?

I've only met him for a little while, and I can honestly say I love him.

I trust him.

I think he's the greatest.

Do you have any desire to invest in businesses?

More than anything.

If Bobby became an investor, Ozzy, and he had a certain power over the company, what kind of changes, Bobby, would you like to make to his business?

If you had some kind of majority stake in the business?

It may not be the popular opinion, but I'm a fan of dogs that don't have all their legs.

Wield dogs.

Even non-wield, I love seeing three-legged dogs.

A lot of us are familiar with dogs with wheels for legs in the back.

I am a pioneer of dogs with wheels for legs in the front.

Like a roadster, like a speedster.

They just push themselves along.

Not because sometimes they try to propel themselves.

When the wheels are in the back, they can pull themselves along.

Wheels in the front, it's kind of like a slinky, I guess.

They stop with their face.

It may not be the popular opinion, but I think those dogs are wonderful, and there should be more of them.

I think that is the popular opinion.

Are you suggesting amputation for dogs?

Just random, mandatory amputation?

You were saying you like cute, small dogs.

I'm just saying.

Again, that's part of the dogularity.

A one-legged dog.

Anytime you see a dog walking around without one of its limbs, you automatically go, oh, cutie.

I take it.

I will forcibly take it.

You know what's even better than that?

A dog with an eye patch.

And I'm not talking about a vanity eye patch, one that really needs it.

One that's serviceable.

Because you know that dog's been through some shit.

It's down to earth.

If it takes that eye patch off, I don't want to see an eye.

It's like that scared straight episode.

What about a glass eye?

A Sammy Davis Jr. type glass eye for dogs.

You know what?

It doesn't matter if it's a dog human, glass eyes.

It's just kind of fucked up looking at that person.

I agree.

I'm totally on board with that.

What about something like a Logan's Run type situation where a dog hits, let's see, Logan's Run was 30.

A dog hits four and a third, maybe.

In our years or theirs?

Well, no, in our years it's four and a third.

In their years it would be about 30, right?

Prove it.

That's true. God damn it, you're right.

Well anyway, I'm still going to keep going with my theory.

What's your question?

There's a forced elimination once they reach a certain age?

No, just a forced amputation where they go into a mill.

I'm thinking more of a battle royale situation.

They all send them to an island and they get a duffel bag.

Like that movie The Isle something, I can't remember.

Battle Royale?

The Isle...

The Battle Royale?

No, it had Scarlett Johansson.

Oh, Battle Royale.

Yeah, Battle Royale, like one of those movies.

Are you talking about Battle Royale?

Yeah, definitely. Of course, we already agreed.

What about something where dogs could take revenge upon people who mistreated them?

Do you have any kind of suggestion for that?

Well, do I have a suggestion for that?

Well, steroids have been shown to activate anger and stimulate focus.

So I think if we could do that, we'd give dogs steroids.

You know, it could probably propagate some of that.

Because if there's one thing I hate, it's people mistreating dogs.

Yeah, definitely. So you're suggesting inject them with human growth hormone perhaps?

Yes.

Yeah, a lot of it?

I mean, enough to get the job.

I mean, just for like a rampage, I would say like a seven and a half month period of anarchy.

Just like murder rage?

Yeah.

Okay, that's a good idea.

What other kind of ideas could we spitball about dogs? Bobby, you got anything?

By the way, I'm into all of these.

Yeah, these are all amazing.

Something that can make them walk on their hind legs all the time.

Yeah, I mean, it's kind of true because right now they're taking up so much space.

You know what I mean?

If they were to walk on their hind legs, then we could have twice as many dogs.

Well, you know, and a lot of people don't like this, but I say cutting off their front legs, you know, what other choice do you got?

I mean, unless you do want to wheel around, otherwise you just, you adapt.

If you take off all the legs, you got like a snake dog.

That's a great idea.

Snake dogs, they could burrow underneath the ground and create dog holes.

And then our entire population would have like holes in the ground where dogs could like shimmy out of and bark at you.

And it would be like a nice surprise.

Like a jack-in-the-box almost.

Would that be your dream?

I mean, it's one of my dreams.

The thing is, like most people, I've fantasized about just living in a cabin out in the woods and the only source of warmth I had is limbless dogs.

The big dog tube.

I would just look like I was sleeping in a pile of baby hamsters that had been radiated up to a larger size.

I mean, I don't know this for a fact, but I'm guessing that that's how some Native Americans used to survive.

I own a forest in Cleveland.

Do you?

Tell me about this place.

I bought it for $7 when I was in Schenectady, New York.

I've heard of that place.

Yeah, it's right near Schenectady.

Right on the border.

They have adjoining borders.

Someone's like, you want to buy this forest?

And I said, you know, this is going to come in handy one day.

And I feel like right now it did.

Do you hear about those places, the farms for dogs where dogs get sent to when they get too old?

You know, like your dog gets too old and then they get sent to a farm like upstate?

Well, I do know they found a small island.

It's sort of near Australia.

It's where bad dogs and old dogs go.

And the dogs have mobilized and have started their own society.

You know, they just left them out there thinking like, oh, they...

It's kind of like Australia where they just sent prisoners.

Exactly.

And so bad dogs, they feed on the old dogs.

It's all kinds of fucked up stuff going on down there.

I mean, it's...

It's like Lord of the Dogs out there.

Thank you.

I'm sorry, like the book?

Lord of the Dogs.

Oh, yeah, I read that.

By William Barkman?

Well, no, you told me coming in here you had a surprising announcement.

You came in here with a big huge box and that said surprise on it, but I don't know if it's an actual thing or if there's just thoughts in there.

So what exactly do you have to tell us, Ozzy?

Okay.

I'm going to show you guys something.

Okay.

Holy shit.

Be very careful. These are dog machine guns.

My God.

Oh, no.

I'm here to announce that I have mobilized a dog revolution.

Okay.

The rage and attack, the steroid rage and attack program has been initiated.

Okay. Seven months of chaos.

Protocols.

Protocols what now?

Protocol zero. I almost said the protocols of Zion.

That's not...

That's a different thing that I'm really into.

That's Lawrence Fishburne.

No, that's the racist track.

Right.

That's all about the Hebraic conspiracy.

So protocol zero is what now?

It's dogs are taking over the earth.

Okay.

With machine guns.

Yeah.

And kind of automatic weapons?

Yep. Automatic.

I mean, we do have some...

We have a thing where you can put a rocket launcher on a wiener dog and then a bigger dog will trigger it.

Is the rocket bigger than the wiener dog?

It is. It's adorable.

Because I think that would be really cute.

It's very adorable.

Oh, wow. I can't wait to see that.

And if you...

You know, sometimes you can get a thing where they're walking behind a hedge and it'll just look like...

If you're on the right side of it, it'll just look like a floating missile.

A very slow missile.

God, I would love to see that.

A jaunty missile.

So I just wanted to let you guys know I'm giving you guys these guns so that...

Thank you.

They will know that you are friendly.

Because they don't want to follow you.

I don't want to have one for the engineer, so I'm afraid you're going to be murdered.

Sorry, Frank.

Sorry, Chris.

You say you're mobilizing the army, but they don't like you, so are you suggesting that we lead the army?

No, no, no, no. It's all underway. It's all underway.

It's happening right now?

No, no, no. Right now, you can't hear it, but there is a signal calling all dogs to arms.

Oh, is it on that radio program that you host?

It's part of that network, yeah.

Oh, yeah.

And...

Why do we all listen to that station?

Oh, because you can't hear it.

Hours and hours on end.

Oh, man, that was a mistake.

So dumb.

So you may want to call your loved ones.

No.

Okay, yeah.

Because it is inevitable, and I just wanted to say, we probably should not leave the studio.

Okay, I'm good with that.

I'm staying here for the rest of my life.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, for at least seven and a half months.

Okay, just the four of us?

Sure.

So what do we do with the guns now?

If we have to go out, it's to protect ourselves, and also they will see that that is the signal.

If they see a human with a dog gun, then they know that we are friendly.

We're friendly, yeah.

That's good.

But I don't know if I trust that.

Even you?

Mm-hmm.

It seems like if you don't trust your own system, that's a problem.

I won't say that it's not a problem.

Okay.

But I also won't say that it's a problem.

Okay, all right.

Well, what do you guys want to do while we're here for seven and a half months?

You want to play a game?

Yeah, I totally do.

What do you got?

I just wanted to watch Roots.

Oh, you've never...

As you know, I have videotapes lining the walls here.

I was going to say, yeah.

And I have all but the last 12 episodes of Roots.

So I have the first one where they're in Africa.

Great.

Yeah.

I say we start with that, or...?

Well, what about this game, though?

I'm a fan of Roots 2.

I only like the follow...

I like Aftermash.

Electric Boogeroots?

Yeah.

What was this game you were talking about, Ozzy?

Because before we watch Roots, we may just want to watch Roots, but let's hear about the game.

Yeah.

Okay.

It's called Two Truths and a Lie.

I say three things.

Two of them are true.

One of them is a lie.

And you guys have to guess which one's the lie.

Okay.

Great.

All right.

Okay.

My first dog was a Border Collie.

Okay.

I'm not sure how to handicap that one.

Let me hear the others before I...

So far, it sounds pretty false.

My...the first dog treat that I made was a Snickadoodle.

Okay.

Sorry, Snicker Poodle.

That's funny.

Good consistencies, though.

I was going to say it was a lie until he said Snicker Poodle.

Yeah.

Yeah, I get it.

And 9-11 happened the way that the government told us.

Okay.

Wow.

All right.

I'm going back to that somehow.

Yeah.

I would say the lie is the Border Collie one.

Yeah, I'm going to say that, too.

Yeah.

Wrong.

Okay.

The lie is that 9-11 was not...it did not go down the way that the government had you believe.

What is your theory?

Well, I talked about earlier that there was a protocols...protocol zero.

But who did it, though?

Who actually...is it...a lot of people think Bush...

Wake up, Scott.

Oh, shit.

Am I asleep?

Cats.

Cats did it, Scott.

What?

Cats?

Yes.

Oh, my God.

Like, what kind of cats?

Jewish cats.

Wow.

Yeah.

Does Andrew Lloyd Webber know about this?

He'd have an opinion, at least.

I don't know.

Didn't he have a stroke or something?

I thought he had Bell's palsy.

He had something weird with his face.

Where half his face was paralyzed?

I don't think so.

No.

No, I think that's just his normal face.

I think...yeah.

I thought something happened to him.

Yeah.

Something did happen to him.

His face exploded.

Did it explode?

I think so.

Did it explode?

Wait.

Are we talking about Andrew Lloyd Webber or...

Or who are you thinking of?

Lloyd.

Lloyd Andrew Webber.

I was thinking of Christopher Lloyd Webber.

Oh, he's great.

Yeah.

I love him.

His face exploded.

Roger Rabbit.

Yeah.

Well, we're stuck here, so we may as well...

What other games do you have?

I thought you always had fun games.

No, we'll have a game.

Tell you what.

Why don't we play the last song that...I ran out of songs.

This is the last song I brought, but I guess we'll just have to play this one.

It's on the show for the next seven and a half months.

Do you have the dog sparking Jingle Bell song?

Oh, I wish I had that one.

Although, wouldn't that attract the dogs to the studio if we played that?

Well, we have the guns, so where it's a 50-50 chance, we'll survive.

And believe me, they are so busy murdering humans right now.

Are you suggesting that we use these dog guns to murder other dogs?

Or other humans to help the dogs?

I'm saying you got to do what you got to do to survive.

I'm saying that if a dog sees you, I put a program in the audio signal that if they see a human with one of these dog machine guns, they will recognize this person as a friend.

I don't know if it worked.

It seems like a strange system you've set up here.

I mean, at first you're...

It is a strange system.

I'm glad that you recognized that.

It makes me think you're not as crazy as I thought you were.

Yeah, for a brief shining second, I thought you were a little crazy.

For one brief shining moment.

I get that.

I get that in Camelot.

All right, tell you what.

Why don't we go to a song?

This is Laura and Sarah Silverman, and when we come back, we'll try to fill some more time.

I guess we have seven and a half months to kill.

Yeah, seven months of chaos and anarchy.

Yeah, I hear a lot of trucks and Transformers outside the window, but not a lot of dogs, I have to say.

No plan...

Wait a minute.

Hold on.

Is that what I think it is?

I just pissed myself.

Here we go!

Ozzy, I want you in on this.

I say we bark it.

Okay.

Let's bark it.

We'll do it in the dog's language so they understand and recognize us as friends.

This is our plane break, but we're going to bark the lyrics.

Normally we sing them.

All right, here we go.

This is what we do when we don't want people to hear the planes going overhead.

We take a plane break.

All right.

So, are you going to say bark or are you going to say woof?

I might howl.

Okay.

Woof!

Oh, that was a good one.

Yeah.

Do you think they heard us?

It was fun.

I feel like that helped our cause.

They thought they were gonna eat pigs. Oh, and then they're like, oh singer songwriters. No, thank you They both have corkscrew shaped penises though. So we're okay. Yeah, dude dogs don't have corkscrew. She does Really? What happened your dog?

He's he just he were he worked at a wine store. Oh Yeah, that's tough cats have barbed penises, that's true, you know that yeah. Yeah, it's a tough job, but you know, it works work Yeah, you know what I mean? And you know, it's a recession you take what you can get Yeah, until the seven months of anarchy and chaos. Is your dog a sommelier?

I'm sorry a some a wine steward or yeah, just works. He's just a work to the liquor store For 16 years Wow. Yeah, 16 dog years. Yes. Oh, wow. Great. It was only two days Prove it. I can't oh, all right. We'll tell you what we'll go to a song. We'll come right back. This is comedy bang bang dry sheets ice cream jelly beans three my favorite things dry sheets ice cream jelly beans three of my favorite things in my order of favorite things Don't let me be my friend. I hate this feeling soaking wet. I'm gonna fight it till the end It's driving me berserk dry sheets ice cream jelly beans three of my favorite things in my order of favorite things Excuse me. Sorry. Hi, it's uh, Scott Ogerman I'm back with a comedy bang bang and we have Bobby Moynan from Isamal here and oh, thank you the reviews are in and We have Ozzy Patinkin no relation from the Bakery for Dogs and a lot of stuff going on we peeked out the windows during that break It is. Yeah, a lot of stuff going on. Dogpocalypse out there The streets are running over with blood with the blood of the dog oppresses and some innocence too Yeah, it's probably a couple of innocents. Sure. There's probably a couple of innocents Yeah, I mean we don't have to tell the listeners. I mean they've gone through it already At this point, I don't know if this is live. Yeah, this is probably We're probably doing this for nothing. Podcasts don't exist, but dog casts might They might. I mean if anything there's just a bunch of dogs with dried blood all over their muzzles and some general hats I love when you say muzzles so much It's so cute when you say it. It's such a picture Yeah All right. Well, you know since we're doing this for ourselves, let's just entertain ourselves, you know If you're out there and you're listening, bring food Yeah, right Leave it outside, you can't come in Because Bobby ate all of our food during that last break Almost immediately, I apologize, I wasn't even hungry It was a lot of food too Just panicked Panic hunger No gag reflex Yeah He just ate like five barrels of survival rice Yeah, I had a 50 piece chicken nugget Yeah And a barrel of rice Yeah You just let the rice cook in your stomach, is that the idea?

Well, I'm gonna, yeah, I'll probably just, I'm gonna go tanning later and see what happens You might expand, you know, when that rice That's what I'm hoping Yeah, good All right, so it's time to play a little game and this will pass the time, right?

A little game called Would You Rather Woof You Rather?

Not bad, okay, Woof You Rather, here we go Woof You Rather, here we go This needs to be longer, by the way All right, it's time to play Woof You Rather This is Andrew Luke Webber Yes, of course, and Jeremy Piven We all know how this is played, people send me Woof You Rather scenarios at CBBWYR, where the W stands for woof And I'll read them to you and then I'll open up the floor for questions and then we'll figure it out Woof fuckin' hash this shit out All right, Jake Python on Twitter, Robert Pickett, he asks, Woof You Rather skank instead of walk or cabbage patch whenever you talk to someone wealthier than you?

Would you rather skank instead of walk?

Which one's skank?

Skank is the ska kind of crossing your legs and like sort of jogging in place I thought it was just like, just keep, just blow anything with a walkipie Skank or cabbage patch?

Do you guys have questions?

Do you have to, do you have to, do you dress like a rude boy all the time to get around?

In which scenario?

To skank, to skank so you can do the In the skanking scenario?

Yeah Yeah, you have a pork pie hat, you have a three-piece suit, high water trousers and two-tone shoes and checkered socks I'm ready to answer Really? That narrowed it down for you Just based on that, wow But I will say that you do not get this outfit for free It takes up all your money Oh You're kind of a clothes horse Right A Lothario?

Yeah, you're, actually you are a horse too in that scenario No, no You're a horse who No You're a horse who dresses like a rude boy I will not do that Don't vote yet If it's got a, not, not, no, not if it's a horse Well don't vote yet because you don't know about the other scenario Yeah Okay, what is the other scenario?

The other, you cabbage patch whenever you talk to someone wealthier than you and you're a leopard A leopard?

Yeah, you're a leopard Or a leper You're a leopard, but you're also a leper, yes Do you smell like baby powder like most cabbage patch kids do?

Yeah, of course That's a plus And most lepers do That's true Yeah A lot of lepers smell like spam because they're in Hawaii, not one weird island Spam island, right?

You know what I'm talking about though is a leper collar Oh yeah, spam and pineapple All right, so anything about either of these scenarios You're in one, you're skank, you're a horse who dresses like a rude boy Who skanks instead of trotting I guess is what it should say In the other scenario you are a leopard who is also a leper Who smells like baby powder And you cabbage patch whenever you talk to someone wealthier than you Human or leopard by the way Anyone who's got more money If there's a leopard that's a more wealthy leopard than you Yeah Got it Any other questions about either of these scenarios?

Do you have to own any of the music at all?

The publishing rights you mean?

Yeah Definitely, that's very important Like a real big fish Yeah, you always own the publishing rights Let's Go Bowling Mephaschopheles Scott King Crab Sure Scottface Jiker Yeah, lots of old bands Anyone else?

Scott Flaws Scott, Scott Poo Poo Anyone else?

Peter Scarred Scott, go on Yeah, you own the pub Scott, go on The Chupa Scab room You own the pub to all those bands, yeah Yeah, I own all the rights to most of those Already Very, very large musical library You're always a leopard, right?

No, no, you change Only when you interact with wealthy people No, you are able to ascend into different life forms Higher life forms as you do good deeds Now how do you know the person is wealthier than you Just from their top hat and monocle By the way, you're cabbage patching Huh?

By the way, you're cabbage patching Yes You just start doing it So it's just It's automatic It's known Yeah, it's in the medulla oblongata See, that's a plus Yeah, because then you always know how much money people have Yeah, which is the only thing that matters Yeah, you only have one dollar in your bank account though So most of the times But I have four million bank accounts That is a great, yes, of course You have four million bank accounts, so you have four million dollars That's a lot of mail Yeah I refuse to go paperless I like that tactile experience too Me too I just feel more Yeah It's very satisfying to deposit a check You have very dry fingers, by the way They're just weathered with paper cuts Oh no, those are dog bites What are you thinking right now?

I'm always thinking about dogs But in this scenario, I'm leaning towards the leopard You're leaning towards the leopard What about the magician who controls you in that scenario though?

Oh, shit There's a magician that controls me?

Yeah, you see, you haven't asked about him Wait, I'm supposed to just ask every possible scenario?

Yeah, of course Why do you think you're doing the cabbage patch?

I'm doing the cabbage patch because it has something to do with the economics of this world Of course, but that's because of the magician who's controlling you Who is it, Ali Greenspan? Is he the magician?

Yes, of course, it's him And he doesn't like you in the least, so he makes you do embarrassing things like the cabbage patch That's just the tip of the iceberg Okay, well then I would have to reconsider Am I a horse in the other one or just wearing a horse costume?

Great question, you're a horse wearing a horse costume See, you need to open up that I might open up that business if no one's going to be alive Yeah, really all this is moot because Yeah, because we're all going to No, no, no, whatever you choose, you transport your consciousness into that scenario Yeah, have you never played this game before, guys?

I'm sorry No, there are alternate dimensions all around ourselves Every time we play this, you swap consciousnesses with whoever's in that alternate dimension Ozzy and I had the travel version that we played We had never played it here, the home version Yeah, so whatever you choose, you're stuck with it So choose wisely, my friend Okay, here we go Are there any other magician-type scenarios?

Is there anything controlling the magician?

Oh yeah, definitely Okay, I feel like you should have said that There's a dog controlling the magician Oh, then I'd want to do that Don't vote, don't vote yet But guess what, it's a dog magician Oh, great How do you feel about that?

I love it, slight of paw I love that kind of stuff Yeah, yeah All right, well, any other questions before we open it up?

Is it David Doggerfield?

It may be It may be, you're right, it may be I don't know, but it may be It just makes cats disappear Yep Sounds like a conspiracy, doesn't it?

I do, I have another question Oh yes Can I vote now?

Yes, I'm closing the floor for questions Here we go, all right, first I'm going to go to Bobby Bobby, would you rather be the horse wearing a horse costume that skanks instead of walking, wears a rude boy outfit which uses all of its money Or, what is that?

Just a truck, just a truck Or would you rather Bumblebee A bumblebee, we should have a song for a bumblebee Or would you rather be the leopard who's constantly transforming who's the familiar to the magician that controls you controlled by the dog magician who's doing performing slight of paw Cabbage Patches, four million dollars in four million bank accounts How do you like to vote?

I'm going Cabbage Patch Why is that, sir?

I like to smell like baby powder I don't know if you know this, but I'm a large baby You're a large baby yourself Wow, I didn't know that about you How old are you?

Right now?

Yeah Six days I didn't know What?

Old I didn't know that about you Your little baby I'm a tiny little bitch I'm a tiny little fat baby I swear that I've seen you on that program though for like the past three years That's not me No?

Who are you?

Right now?

Yeah I'm the large baby Is this one of those dimensional things?

Yeah, oh, I forgot Okay So, you've just voted, so your consciousness has been swapped I'm going Cabbage Patch Yeah Yeah, so you're the baby now I see, your consciousness was swapped and now you're a baby Wah Okay, here we go Okay Ozzy, how do you like to vote?

I have thought about this long and hard Yeah, I can tell You're sweating Yeah I am going to go with...

This is a surprise even to me with the horse scenario Wait a minute Because the minute I said horse, you came out again so you were ready to vote right then But I love the way that rude boys dress Right I think it's really cool It is And frankly, I'm a fan of the music I like the theatrics I mean, the steady beat is one thing but I love, you know The rock steady beat Horns Oh, horns, and they're fun There's costumes Yeah They'll do skits on stage Yeah You know Well, you know, a lot of those hip-hop guys they never do the skits on stage No You really should They should read that They should do like a Mr. Roboto kind of rock opera type of thing Yeah You know, where they're doing the skits and they murder people and they, you know I think Biggie would still be around if he had actually had sex with that girl on stage and then threw her off the bed Of course Which is a sketch from the Biggie series Yeah So purely out of a love for the music and the theatrics you're voting for the And the clothes, yeah Okay Well I have the results and thankfully you switched at the last minute because yes, that is the correct answer You are the winner, Ozzy Oh, I didn't even know there was a winner to this There is a winner, yeah There's a winner to Would You Rather?

There is, and now it's time to transform your consciousness into that scenario and here we go This feels weird Excuse me, who are you, sir?

Um Sir?

Huh?

Oh my god Hi, I'm Scott Ackerman This is Bobby Moynihan Or this is the baby Hi, large baby Hi, large baby Who are you, sir?

Who are we talking to now?

Oh my god My name is uh Do you not know your name?

I'm sorry, I know it takes a little time for you to acclimate My name is Nestor Bloodvessel Nestor?

You know Buster Bloodvessel?

Yeah, from the Bad Manners?

Uh huh Yeah, yeah, yeah I'm his son Oh my god Yeah, that's my son, I'm Buster Hey, Buster?

Yeah, I brought my son here, you think I would let him go without me?

Hey dad, remember that one time we caught bullfrog?

It was the greatest day of my life, I love you, son I love you too Oh my gosh, what a touching family reunion right here on the show Hey, you know what's cool, dad?

What's cool?

When we see a rich person, we don't have to do anything different I kinda didn't understand what you said, but I love you nonetheless No, I'm just saying, I have some friends that are leopards And whenever they see somebody richer than them They have to do the stupid things For them Yeah Well guys, it's a pleasure to have you both on What happened to the baby?

Weh Oh, it's still here, okay good Well, that's of course how you play Would You Rather Let's hear a truncated version of the theme song There we go Alright, here we go We just have one thing left for Bluster Blood Vessel and Nestor Blood Vessel And the large baby to partake in That is of course the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs Na na na na Yo, it's Scott Aukerman Comedy fang Na na na na I don't need all this shit I mean, they already know what they're listening to, right?

This is Plugs Guess we really hate to see you go Before you leave, please tell us about your TV show Or the stand-up you're doing in a week or so Maybe a movie or a charity, we need to know Plugs Yeah, that is by Jason Lourdes That was a good one, enjoyed that Alright, big baby Weh What do you have to plug?

I'm gonna be crying later Okay, great Nestor Blood Vessel Um Don't be scared You got this kid I just get nervous Don't get nervous, you're the best Okay Got some more oats?

Of course Be careful It's a new feed bag we just got him It's made of leather I'm gonna be pulling people on a skanking hayride At the Apple Ranch It's fun for all ages Not all ages, but At around sunset Wait, which ages are not?

They're gonna put on a horse hat One of those straw horse hats where my ears poke out the top It's adorable Also Also, yeah He sometimes chokes on some oats My man Scott Belong Cassidy He's gonna be playing down in New Jersey Amazing Yeah Thank you so much You're a number one fan right there I own the rights to all of his music It's good for me too That's great What is that next to you?

Oh yeah That red box with the light on top of it Oh yeah, that's a surprise for all of you I was gonna open it at the very end of the show I can't wait Can we open it now?

I guess, I mean the show's just about over I mean we haven't Okay guys, well let's open this up I mean it's time, right?

Alright, you ready?

Let's do this It could be a good surprise, it could be a bad surprise Okay Are you ready to face the consequences, whatever it is?

We're all gonna die anyway Yeah, because of the dogpocalypse happening right now Alright, the red light's blinking And when it blinks very very fast That's when I open it up, okay?
