Two of my favorite filmmakers are here. That is right. Attack the Block director Joe Cornish is here for his first time on the show.

And Edgar Wright, director of Scott Pilgrim and many other movies is here.

Also, we'll be talking to a very curious young gentleman who has something he has to get off his chest. All of that and more on today's...

Thank you Reggie Watts. That is the Andrew Lloyd Webber remix.

Of course, of the theme song. Great day in Los Angeles here. LA just got out of Carmageddon.

We got out of it safely. But speaking of Carmageddon, we have Starmageddon here today because I have...

And I apologize for that, what I just said.

Starmageddon where a lot of celebrities get, you know, there's a big buildup of them on the 405.

Yeah, exactly. It's just like movie stars just like walking the 405.

A-list stars have crashed into each other.

Edgar, let me push that right up next to your mouth. Sorry, you're used to hearing that, I'm sure.

We have... I've been talking to him briefly for about a minute now.

But director Edgar Wright is here in the building and I just saw his movie at South by Southwest. It's fantastic.

Director Joe Cornish is here. Thank you so much for joining us.

Thanks for having us.

And Attack the Block, that is your movie that is coming out.

That is correct. Well done. One point.

Alright, one point for me.

It's like a quiz just with statements.

And your name is Joe Cornish.

Correct. C-c-correct.

So one point for me and a c-c-correct for you.

It's like interviewing Shaka Khan.

No, but I saw it and it's fantastic. You directed it and Edgar, you produced it.

Executive produced. That means doing less work.

Okay. Now, I was surprised because when I saw it, I didn't know anything about you, Joe.

Right.

You came out of nowhere, a young, fresh-faced fellow who just shot to stardom almost immediately.

Yeah. Keep talking, I like it. This is good.

But I'd assumed, Edgar, that maybe it was a film that you had seen, that you liked, that you had attached yourself as executive producer, but then you guys have worked together quite frequently.

Yeah, well, unbeknownst to you guys, Joe actually has like a prestigious career in TV and radio back in the UK.

And we actually, we've been friends for 12 years, but I was a fan of Joe's even before that because we both did TV shows on Channel 4 in the UK around the same time.

I did a show called Spaced with Simon Pegg and Jessica Hines.

I thought for my own show. And Joe did a show called The Adam and Joe Show, of which he was Joe.

And that's kind of how we met because we were on the same network at the same time, doing slightly similar things in a weird way.

And that's how, you know, when you're on the same network, and that happens in America, you know, when you're on CBS, you know everyone in the CBS family.

You know, you know, David Caruso and, you know, Ted Danson, he's a recent addition to the CBS family.

I don't know David Caruso.

CSI Miami.

I know, I know, I mean, I don't know him personally.

I'm doing an impression of him right now.

Just took off his sunglasses very nonchalantly.

And now I'm throwing them back on. I forgot to say a funny line.

Not quite as dramatically as David Caruso does.

Well, it's difficult with the headphones on. I couldn't do it with these.

You know what? Now I have a newfound respect for David Caruso, because it's actually difficult to get your sunglasses off and on.

You don't think about it.

Yeah, he doesn't think about it. I thought about it too much.

And I use two hands. He only uses the one.

Yeah.

So hats off to Caruso.

That's the alternate title of this podcast, by the way.

Hats off to Caruso.

But Joe, I...

Wouldn't it be great? Here's a pitch.

Robinson Caruso.

Whoa.

David Caruso is stranded on an island.

And all he does is make kind of comments to Man Friday. He takes his glasses off.

That's his only item that he has on the desert island.

He's otherwise naked, but he does have a pair of sunglasses.

What do you think? Joe, are you in?

I'm in. I'm very in. Yeah, you can executive produce that one.

I'm in as long as he has a tiny pair of sunglasses for his penis.

And he takes those off after he ejaculates. That's kind of...

I don't think this is a suitable podcast to promote my film on.

So, Joe, tell me a little bit about the film.

I knew nothing about it when I saw...

That's more like it.

I knew nothing about it. All I knew was the title.

And I knew it had a lot of buzz at South by Southwest.

And so, you know, when you hear the title attack the block, it could be anything.

It could be a dance film, which is what I thought it was.

Really?

Yeah, I was a little upset that it wasn't sort of like Step Up 3D.

How would that title fit to a dance film?

You know, you're attacking the blocking of your...

Of the dance. Yeah, exactly.

So you're criticizing your choreographer for misblocking the sequence.

Exactly. That's exactly what I thought it would be.

And I came in, I was very, very disappointed.

In some territories, the film is going to be called Aliens Got Served.

But can we say it is an alien movie?

Yeah, it's about... Attack the Block is about a gang of teenage kids who protect their block, which means their housing apartment complex.

Right.

Projects.

From an alien invasion. That's it.

It's a high-concept, low-budget, one-liner.

So when I saw the film, I thought that it was...

First I just thought it was going to be like these...

Because they're kind of like street punks.

They're young street punks who go around terrorizing the people in their neighborhood.

And I just thought that was going to be what the movie was.

Oh, it's about... It's like Menace to Society or Boys in the Hood or something like that, where you follow these people around, then all of a sudden it goes apeshit with aliens coming down and the movie is crazy.

I don't want to spoil anything, but I will tell people the ending.

Basically...

No, but it's... I was surprised because when I...

We got you on the show, and I looked up your career, because I do a little bit of research on the show, and you actually started kind of in comedy in England or in the UK.

I don't know. What do you guys prefer I call it? England or the UK?

The UK is good. It's more... That would include...

More inclusive.

Scotland and Ireland.

And Wales.

Wales.

Yeah.

Northern Ireland.

Let's be frank about it.

Please be frank.

Be totally candid during this interview.

But I was surprised because your movie, while being funny, is so self-assured and almost like the first movie that you would see from a J.J. Abrams or a Steven Spielberg or something like that.

Yes. Yes.

Yes.

I'm agreeing with that.

But it's the work of a filmmaker and not necessarily something you would associate if a comedian got a chance to direct a movie.

Well, I tend to think most comedians want to do something else.

Right.

Don't you think? I certainly did. I always wanted to be a filmmaker and I went to film school and stuff.

He wants to be something else.

I'd rather be doing anything else.

Yeah. Exactly.

So, yeah, I've always wanted to make films and I got into comedy basically because I'm an idiot and people laughed at me and it's taken me 20 years to kind of, you know, get this true ambition off the ground kind of thing.

I think that's true. I think that's true of a lot of British filmmakers.

I feel like I went into comedy partly because I thought nobody would take my film seriously.

So, very early age.

It's a default mechanism.

Well, I'm from the kind of very rural area of the U.K.

and I thought nobody would take a cop drama seriously from me, so it had to be funny.

So, do you see dramas in your future like drawing rooms, period dramas like Howard Zand or anything like that?

Well, you know, we're British filmmakers so inevitably we'll be forced by the government to make some kind of movie like that.

It's like National Service.

Yeah, probably to get out of some kind of scandal.

We can't go our whole career without doing something with corsets.

But I like to think, you know, Edgar's film, Shaun of the Dead, it's funny but it's got truthful stuff in it as well, you know, real emotions.

And I hope that Attack the Block as well is truthful.

You know, some of my favorite comedy films I suppose aren't necessarily entirely comedy like American Wellworth in London.

You know, that sets up a very real couple of characters and a very real environment.

That was amazing as an English person watching an American director come in and do such a brilliant portrait of life in London.

Yeah, and actually do a better job than a lot of British films.

Yeah, really.

Usually sometimes you see British films by American directors and they're real like just like tourist kind of snapshots.

Right.

Like whenever you see like a film where, I don't know, if you watch something like Patriot Games and the first shot of the film has Big Ben out of the window.

Yeah.

Or Matchpoint as well.

Shanghai Nights.

Well, at least they had a scene in Big Ben so they kind of, they're off the hook slightly.

But it's like when you do a film set in Hollywood and all of a sudden you see the Hollywood sign and I Love L.A. is playing.

Well, I think you do the Hollywood sign, you do the reverse helicopter shot over the Hollywood sign.

Nobody's ever done that before.

No.

Not with police sirens in the background.

Nobody's ever done the shot thinking, I know what we'll do, we'll do a helicopter shot over the Hollywood sign but backwards and then you'll see L.A.

I've got a different image for a reverse helicopter over the Hollywood sign.

What are you seeing?

Well, obviously no one has a mind as filthy as mine.

No, I know what you're talking about and I don't like it.

It's one of the director's favorite section positions, the reverse helicopter.

Over the Hollywood sign.

But yeah, so Attack the Block is supposed to be kind of...

Oh, back to Attack the Block.

Yeah, you know, I'm keeping this on point.

That's why I'm here.

All right, fine.

It's coming out July the 29th.

It's amazing.

It's like an early Spielberg or J.J. Abrams movie.

And it's made by a young, fresh-faced director.

And what else do you want to know?

Well, I do want to encourage everyone to go out and see it.

It's fantastic.

It was one of my favorite.

I had a great South by South.

Were you guys out at South by South?

Yeah, we were there, yeah.

It was...

I saw so many great films there.

Bridesmaids?

Did you see Bridesmaids?

No, we had Attack the Block screening at the same time.

We've seen Bridesmaids though.

We've seen it since though.

We went to the cinema to see it.

The cinema.

Have you heard of the cinema?

I believe so.

It's a place with other people in it and smells and noises.

Hate smells.

Love noises.

And slightly out of focus imagery.

Yep.

It's depending on your projectionist.

Yeah.

No, I saw that.

I saw Win-Win and Bridesmaids.

It was a great South by Southwest and did some comedy shows.

It was fantastic.

So yeah, it was a big surprise I think to everyone there.

It kind of took South by Southwest by storm.

Well, it was the first time we ever screened it.

It was the first public screening of the movie.

Not even in the UK.

Yeah.

Let alone England.

Yes.

Not shown in England, Scotland.

Wales.

Northern Ireland.

Or Northern Ireland.

Yeah.

To make that important distinction.

It was all the buzz there.

Everyone was talking about it.

So I got off my lazy ass.

Got out of my hotel room one afternoon.

And yeah, it was fantastic.

So go out and see it.

It's aliens.

It's comedy.

Who's in the film?

Do you want to talk about who?

It's got a cast of new faces.

Yeah.

So it's got 11 kids who were between 10 and 17.

They are fantastic.

How did, I mean, working with the kids, how do you get kids that great?

You get a lot of Red Bull.

You give them DSs, Nintendo DSs.

Oh, OK.

You put them in.

Again, I had a totally different idea of what a DS would be.

Did you?

That you're giving the kids.

Wow.

You'll have to explain it to me later.

Is it like a reverse helicopter?

Yeah, it's a lot like it.

Only backwards.

You have to give them a room.

It's like a normal helicopter.

You give them a room with brightly colored posters in it.

They love colors.

They excite them.

Skittles.

They love Skittles the snack rather than the wooden obelisk-like object.

And like the falling sky as aliens.

They were amazing.

They were so enthusiastic and they were so excited to be in a film in which they could ride on dirt bikes brandishing samurai swords, slicing up aliens, you know?

That's a good way to get paid when you're 15, 16.

And they got paid?

And they got paid.

Oh, that's what I would be excited by.

In Skittles.

I love money.

Yeah.

Don't like all the other stuff about acting.

You know, they're fantastic.

And personally, I really like movies where you don't necessarily recognize the actor so you can completely believe.

Right.

That's why I like foreign movies.

You know, I'm a sophisticate.

I like foreign movies.

When you say foreign movies, you mean American movies.

You probably don't.

Northern Irish movies.

Northern Irish films.

You know what I mean?

You can suspend your disbelief better because you don't recognize them.

That's it.

There is one person.

I think Nick Frost is in the movie.

Anytime he's in it, your disbelief is totally...

Hey, it's that guy.

Yeah.

No, Nick Frost is in it playing a drug dealer.

And there's Jodie Whittaker, who was in the film Venus with Peter O'Toole.

She's fantastic.

She is fantastic and a brilliant young British actor called Luke Treadaway.

Has the main kid gone on to do other films since then?

Give him a chance.

It's only been a couple of months.

God damn it.

What is he waiting for?

How do I capitalize on this buzz?

He's doing one million general meetings as we speak.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

He's been signed by CAA, and he's going to be big.

Yeah.

He is going to be big.

I love how you're cupping your mouth there.

Well, I just don't want too many people to know.

It actually may be amplifying your voice.

Yeah.

While I work in radio in the UK, I know the tricks, the techniques, to make myself sound better than you.

God damn it.

So you guys, you're also writing together.

You wrote the upcoming Tin Tin, right?

It's called The Adventures of Tin Tin.

It is.

Or you co-wrote and rewrote, we should say, because Stephen Moffat from Doctor Who and Sherlock.

It was like a passing of the baton that Stephen Moffat wrote.

I don't know what a baton is.

A baton?

Oh, come on.

Now you've confused me.

The passing of the baton.

See, it sounds weird coming out of my mouth.

No, sort of.

I don't know.

Listen, we're right about that one.

Yeah.

I expect your next movie to be the passing of the baton.

We always claim the Queen's English in any pronunciation.

Although baton might be a French word.

Baton rouge.

Who knows?

Baton?

It's probably French.

They're wrong.

The French.

It's baton.

It's fucking baton.

Yeah, we did work on it.

It's called The Adventures of Tin Tin.

The Adventures of Tin Tin.

3D.

3D is the subtitle?

I think the full title is The Adventures of Tin Tin in real 3D coming this holiday season.

I think that's the full title.

And that's Spielberg directed that.

Yes.

And you guys worked closely with him, I would assume.

Yeah, we call him Spiels.

Really?

Yeah.

God, I love that.

We have him on Spiels' dial.

No, we did.

I mean, it was a ridiculous embarrassment of Rich's because it was Peter Jackson producing and Steven Spielberg directing and Kathleen Kennedy producing.

It was ridiculous.

Kathleen Kennedy we know from films like Batteries Not Included.

What?

E.T.?

Raids of the Lost Ark?

Right.

Batteries Not Included.

You got Batteries Not Included.

Yeah, so what is that like?

Are you on the set with him?

Are you just giving him pages by email?

What's it like working with Spiels?

I was briefly on set during a test and then I actually was not on the set during the filming at all because I was in Toronto doing Scott Pilgrim.

Fantastic film.

By the way, we should say that the films you have directed in case people are not familiar with you.

I'll cough if it's correct.

Okay, let's see.

Scott Pilgrim vs. The World, Hot Fuzz, and also Batteries Not Included.

Two coughs for no.

Two coughs.

Okay.

But also Shaun of the Dead, of course, we mentioned that before.

And what...

Joe looks perturbed.

But what a disease-y way of answering questions.

I just thought, you know...

What are you going to do to answer questions?

You're going to spit on the microphone?

I'm going to say, Joe, did you direct...

I'm going to answer your questions in the form of Petri dish-based samples.

Did you direct Attack the Block?

Yes, I did.

There you go.

He's a gentleman.

Baton.

What do you have coming up next?

Are you guys writing Ant-Man?

Is that what I read?

We are.

Based on the Marvel comic book.

Yes.

And are you...

And Edgar, are you directing that or you're possibly attached?

Maybe.

Well, no.

It's kind of...

We are writing it and it may be the next thing.

Depending on how the script comes out.

I'm also writing some other things as well and we're writing some other things.

So it's been a year of storing up nuts and berries for future projects.

That was a terrible analogy.

I'm sorry.

I don't know where that was going.

I'm not a fan of that.

You don't like the nuts and berries?

You've written it down as if you particularly didn't like it.

Never say nuts and berries ever again.

N's and B's.

All right, guys.

Well, I'm a big fan of your work.

I appreciate you coming.

And now it's time for a little feature, which...

Because you're filmmakers, okay, you know a lot about films.

Edgar, we were supposed to go up against each other on the...

You know there's controversy afoot there.

Yes.

Are you going to be...

Are you in it or...

Well, the thing is I was knocked out too early.

We're talking about Doug Loves Movies, the other podcast.

I am in the Tournament of Championships, I think it's called.

And Paul F. Tompkins is in the Tournament of Championships.

And Edgar was up against Sam Levine and Jordan Brady in the qualifying round.

And heavy odds in your favor, Edgar, to win.

And Sam Levine somehow snatches victory out of the air, like the short little weird tiny wolverine that he is.

And that's his nickname.

I'm not calling him something.

That is his actual nickname.

And you say there's controversy, or controversy.

I say baton.

No, people on Twitter...

And now Doug has confirmed it, that I should have still been in the competition, because it went the wrong way around.

And Jordan sort of challenged me.

And then Jordan would have had two points.

I still would have got it wrong, but I should have still been in the game.

But the game would have continued, and we don't know.

The game would have continued.

So what happens now?

What happens is going to an industrial tribunal, and I'm basically taking it all the way to City Hall.

I can't let Sam Levine have the smug satisfaction of beating me.

You can. He's so smug about it too.

I saw him the other night, and he's really into it.

I know.

So Attack the Block is about a gang of teenage kids who defend their project.

Shut up. We're talking about Doug loves movies.

Another podcast.

July the 29th.

Seven major cities.

Go see it. It's great.

So you think any city other than the seven that it's in is a minor city?

Yes.

That's not how we do things here in America.

Sorry. I interrupted. I didn't mean to interrupt.

And then in 2014, Robinson Caruso.

Yes.

Who's going to play Man Friday? Who's a good Man Friday?

Laurence Fishburne's not doing CSI anymore.

That's right.

There you go.

Why not?

Job done.

Ted Danson's in.

Danson's in. Fishburne's out.

Fishburne's playing.

That should be his catchphrase.

Fishburne out.

Anytime he leaves the scene.

Fishburne out.

All right.

But we are going to get to this.

Because you work in film, you know a lot about film, this is a little feature and we're going to play the theme song here.

A little feature called Hollywood Facts.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood Facts and we're going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars.

There's glitz and glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

Then go walk in front of Chinese theater.

Hollywood Facts.

Take out your dicks.

Check out the facts. It's the Hollywood Facts.

Bro.

That is of course the Andy Samberg remix of the Hollywood Facts theme song.

That's really tough sounding.

Gracious enough to lay down a freestyle on top of our Hollywood Facts theme song.

All right.

So we all know how this is played.

I'm going to ask you questions.

I'll go back and forth from you and we'll tally up the points at the end.

See who won.

Edgar, this one goes to you.

Hollywood Facts.

This is a true or false question.

Okay.

True or false.

Director Blake Edwards' first wife was Murder, She Wrote actress Angela Lansbury.

Oh.

Well.

True or false.

He was married to Julie Andrews of course.

Of course.

But I don't know.

That's a good one.

I'm going to say it sounds plausible.

I'm going to say true.

That is false.

For fuck's sake.

Sorry.

All right.

Jesus Christ.

Still 0-0.

All right.

Jessica Fletcher haunts me to this day.

I didn't know we were going to be pitched against each other in a savage battle of film knowledge.

That's not a bad show idea by the way.

The ghost of Jessica Fletcher.

She's not even dead yet.

Well no she's not dead but Jessica Fletcher is I would think.

I mean all those murders she solved.

Here's my pitch.

She has to solve her own murder.

Yes.

She goes.

She finally everyone is let out of prison.

All the murderers that she's put in.

They all band together like Murder on the Orient Express and they all murder her.

Okay.

This is going to be the most amazing prison breakout scene where all of the people that Jessica Fletcher put inside.

They're all in the same prison.

It's like a mixed prison.

They're all in the same prison.

They all break out.

Jessica Fletcher is no longer with us and her ghost has to put them all behind bars again.

Who wouldn't want to see that?

She inhabits the body of David Caruso in Miami and she possesses him.

She's possessed.

The soul of Jessica Fletcher is in his sunglasses.

How about that?

Joe what do you got?

Any pitches on this?

No.

I'm just watching that one.

I'll give you my opinion after I see it.

All right Joe.

We're turning to you now.

Okay.

Hollywood.

This is also a true or false.

Okay.

Call it murder she ghost.

Come on.

There we go.

Are we going to high five?

Is everyone going to high five now or what happens now?

But it should be murder, it's almost like sort of slightly, you know, it's like, it's slang like murder she ghost.

Here's a better pitch.

Murder comma she comma ghost.

Just confuse everyone.

I like that.

There should be more grammar in film titles.

It's the only direction for them left to go.

One of the only movies I wrote, Run Ronnie Run, the director wanted to put a weird errant comma in it.

He wanted to put run comma Ronnie run.

And I was like, no, you have to have zero commas or two.

It's got to be run comma Ronnie comma run.

Are there semi colons in any movie titles?

There should be.

Oh.

There should be loads.

Now there are probably colons.

Are there any semi colons?

Oh, semi colons, yeah.

There's a lot of colons in the movie that I saw recently.

All right.

Wrote to Wellville.

It's a good one.

Somebody out there will get that one.

I got that one.

You got that one.

Yeah.

It's all about colon cleansing.

Yeah.

All right.

True or false, Joe?

Yeah.

In Pirates of the Caribbean, the curse of the black pearl.

God.

Just as Jack Sparrow says, on deck you scabrous dogs.

Over his shoulder, you can see a crew member with a tan cowboy hat and sunglasses standing there.

I'd say that is probably true because they were so preoccupied with animating the tentacles.

That's not black pearl though, is it?

Isn't it?

Yeah, that's the second one.

I've only seen the one with the tentacles.

That's the second one.

Dead man's chest.

Well, I'm saying it's true anyway.

It is false.

Cowboy hats and sunglasses were not invented yet in pirate times.

So that is false.

Oh, what?

All right, Edgar, we turn to you.

This is not a true or false.

This is just a question.

What member of a Hollywood film crew would likely have the letters A-C-E in his or her credit?

A-C-E is an editor.

That is false.

No, it's incorrect.

Oh, no, it's a cinematographer.

It is an actor.

Specifically, Jim Carrey and Ace Ventura.

Oh, come on.

Sorry, we're still at zero zero.

Unfortunately.

All right, Joe.

We turn to you.

Antonio Banderas.

Yes.

Big fan?

Huge fan.

Like to work with him?

Yeah, I love to work with him.

All right.

I enjoy it every time.

He's out there listening.

You answered those correctly.

Antonio Banderas met his future spouse on the set of 1996's Too Much, T-W-O, Much.

Who is she?

Oh, boy.

You know this one.

Do I know this one?

Melanie.

It's Holly Boddy.

There you go.

Melanie Griffs.

Sorry.

It's like his future wife, not the one that he has now.

For fuck's sake.

Sorry, we're still at zero zero.

All right.

Oh, dear.

All right.

Is that happening in the future?

Yeah, that's happening in the future, yeah.

That's happening in the future when Robinson Caruso.

I have to say, I'm not big on actors' personal lives.

Yeah, apparently not.

How could we know that he ends at one track and he's at the end?

Well, I know.

Well, you know, in that case, I'm not good on listening.

All right.

Edgar, now it's your turn.

This is your chance to come back.

I was right about the editors, though.

What was Hollywood agent Irving Lazar's nickname?

Swiftie.

Sorry.

No, it's ol' fart butt.

Oh, come on.

I'm sorry.

Zero zero.

And one last one.

Yeah.

This is your chance to take it all, Joe.

Okay, man.

Focus.

Okay, I'm listening.

Lee Strasberg.

Familiar?

Yeah.

Acting teacher.

One of the most famous acting coaches of all time.

Yeah.

What is his nickname for the technique known as this?

I have to end the sentence?

Yes.

What is his technique?

Well, it's the Strasberg technique.

Of course, you idiot.

No, unfortunately, the answer we were looking for is doggy style.

Not in acting.

He's just known for that in his personal life.

And reverse helicopter.

Yeah, the reverse helicopter over the Hollywood sign.

Unfortunately, you didn't get any right, guys.

Oh, man.

You guys work in the film industry.

Terrible.

Well, we're going to take a break.

All right, guys.

Well, let's take a break.

When we come back, we will have our third guest will join us.

I'm here with Edgar Wright.

I'm here with Joe Cornish.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Here we go.

Shoot me down in flames if I should tell a lie.

Cross my heart, I promise that it's true.

I've been in love so many times before.

But never with a girl like you.

With a girl like you.

Too hard to be true.

I belong with a girl like you I know I can be strong, you know I won't bring you any pain I won't run around again There'll be nothing to explain with a girl like you I know I won't bring you any pain I won't run around again There'll be nothing to explain with a girl like you Sure I want to get to the special day because this has a lot to do with your back story Today, go ahead and explain exactly what today is Well, today is the birthday of the song Happy Birthday which my grandfather was on tour, lyricist for the song Happy Birthday He was the lyricist, not the musical?

Yes, well yes, he came up with the tune as well Music and lyrics, and book At first it was a Broadway musical, not as successful I was going to say the lyrics are not that complex, so if he came up with those They are, people said the same about Hemingway But in its minimalism is its complexity The Broadway musical of Happy Birthday, were there other songs as well?

No, it was the same song over and over which was a problem For a three and a half hour musical Wait, three and a half hour?

But people do love that song, you must admit Big budget on candles on that one Yes, I'll get into that later, I have nothing to do with the candles part of the birthday Can we start off by singing?

Singing the song?

Yes, to Happy Birthday But wouldn't we have to pay you royalties if we sang the song?

Perhaps, anyway Happy Birthday to you Everybody, Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday dear, Happy Birthday Happy Birthday to you I couldn't resist, I love harmony Is there a second verse?

There is no second verse, but that brings up an interesting point I am in several lawsuits right now With people who add and many more to the end of the song Have you ever done that? The and many more?

Sometimes I say on Channel 4, which is where these guys used to work So I'm part of the Channel 4 family Well, that's odd, but Is it true that you copyrighted as well as Happy Birthday?

It's also copyrighted because people put in a name Happy Birthday dear Scott You guys copyrighted every single name Well, first off, one syllable names really throw off the Happy Birthday song Just as you did Scott, that sounds ridiculous Joe, I would say Joseph, Edgar, those work really well What about three syllable names? Melinda Melinda, those work well Who has a four syllable name?

Carpaccio?

That might work, I guess So what do you do with a one syllable name?

I ignore them, frankly, I avoid going to their birthday parties It's embarrassing to try to sing one syllable name But back to what I say about the and many more You don't like that As creators yourself, if you saw your film playing on HBO And at the end of the film someone had added a five minute scene From two and a half men or something You would not appreciate that, would you?

Five minutes of two and a half men I don't know, they get good ratings for reruns Oh, you would like that Then I encourage HBO to do that What if someone at the end of Attack the Block, in theaters coming up on July 29th Seven major series What if someone came out at the end and just went, and many more You would hate that I'd like that You would like that You must be very wealthy What's your name, sir?

Martin Riley Martin Riley I saw your film, but I saw that Excuse me Where are you from? I'm sorry Martin, I'm just curious I was an Army brat Alabama, Georgia, West Virginia, Southern Illinois Oh, that's what that accent is Northern Kentucky It's sort of the southern northern part of the middle of the center of the country Let's get back to the Happy Birthday song What exactly, what is your issue, what's going on with the lawsuit?

Well, there's the, and many more, I'm suing anyone that sings and many more at the end And then I'm being sued by people who expect their birthday wishes to be answered by the birthday song People who don't have their birthday wish answered often sue me Sue you Right, which is ridiculous That should be the candle maker that gets sued for not having wishes come true Oh, so you think that the wishes are actually intrinsically inherently in the candles and not the actual songs Yes, of course, you blow out the candles, you make a wish You refuse to tell anyone what that wish is And then your wish comes true But if you, do you have this tradition?

Yeah, what happens in the UK? Do you guys actually Making a wish?

Yeah, making a wish Do you make a wish after you blow out the birthday candles?

Yeah, you make a wish, I think sort of it's, you know, it's usually, I think better luck if you can blow out all the candles in one puff Yes, of course I think if it takes more than one That's usually what happens And people think it's quaint and cute if a little kid can't blow out the entire candles But if you can't blow them all out in one breath and you cannot expect the wish to come true Yeah By birthday law Exactly, how does it work? Because I've always heard if you don't do it in one breath, it doesn't come true Yes What power does this song or do the candles hold?

The song does not hold the power Okay That's what I try to make Okay There's nothing in the lyrics that say anything about granting wishes But the candles are magical Yes, of course Okay Why else blow them out?

Right, okay, got it And the cake has And you can't tell people your wish God damn it, people don't remember that Okay, why are you so involved in the wish part of it?

I don't know, I have the lawsuits, believe me, I don't want to be sued So you're up there on the stand Yes, I'm the defendant in those cases Right, okay Yes All right, well Do you have like a dead letter office for people who send letters saying the wishes didn't come true and it's all your fault?

Yes, of course, you mean like Santa Claus Yes I have many of those and it's absurd I also make up other occasion songs I mean, I didn't make up that, my grandfather did So you kind of in the tradition of your grandfather What did your father do, by the way?

He committed suicide at an early age for not feeling accomplished in life Oh, well, standing in the shadow of a famous father like that, I can understand those kind of things But you don't have those issues I'm more creative, I'm an entrepreneur, let's make up a song now, how about Okay, let's try it out A special occasion might be a director ending the filming of a film Yes The film comes to an end So it's a rap, basically It's a rap A rap song, we could call it Okay Not rapping I don't know if I would go that far, but all right First you have to pick an emotion Okay Like in our happy was the birthday Oh, I see See what I mean, let's pick an emotion first So what kind of emotions The occasion is the last day of filming Relief Relief, okay All right All right, that'll work, we'll find out And who are you addressing it to?

Because in Happy Birthday, my grandfather determined that it should be addressed to you Okay But you address it to the crew Some of them might be already getting in their cars and going immediately on rap Okay So you have to sing it quite loud So, relief, last day of filming to the crew Are you ready?

Okay Relief of the last day of filming to the crew Relief of the last day of filming to the crew Why isn't everyone singing?

I'm going to stop you just right here I'm just going to interject If you don't mind But that seems to be the exact same musical thing No, different pentameter Well, I mean, perhaps the syllables are pronounced in a different meter But no, the actual music is exactly the same The actual tune, the actual melody If it's not broke, don't fix it Well, I don't think that you can do that I mean, it's not like you're Weird Al or something I didn't write the lyrics You guys helped me with that That's what kind of fucked up the song, if you ask me Wait, do we get credit on this one?

Who really cares about the crew?

Really?

Do you really care about the crew?

It's more the lead actress that you really should be addressing I thought it was fantastic, personally Thank you, Sir Edgar Wright Are you a knight, by the way?

I am now He just knighted me, didn't you hear?

Didn't you hear he just knighted me right there?

All British of any worth were knighted Yes I have a bone to pick I'm a big fan of your films Edgar Sir Edgar Sir Edgar Wright But they do have one common flaw No one ever sings the birthday Happy birthday and anything else It's very expensive Well, there you're wrong Because they sing happy birthday in hot fuzz They do They do How much did you pay for that?

So you paid me money A million dollars Remind me of the scene It's somebody's birthday Yes And it's Nick Frost's His name is Danny Buttermann It's his birthday Go ahead And this is the scene as I recall Set up the scene Is this the best scene in the movie?

This is the bit that If I died and they had like an Oscar montage Right The scene that I would hope they would show Is Danny Buttermann's birthday from hot fuzz In particular what part of the scene?

What happens is it's quite an interesting scene They bring in a cake that's got candles on it Right And they say Happy birthday to you We don't have 7 million dollars Happy birthday to you Don't sing the song please Happy birthday dear Danny Two syllables Happy birthday to you and many more Ching ching Wait, but he sings and many more Motherfucker Did you put and many more in your film?

I just did it Yes, I did it Did you?

Yes Yeah It's only on HBO though Yeah It's only the HBO version It's at the very end Yeah It's like a delayed thing It's like a little callback at the end So you consider that your best film And the best part of that film I assume That scene and the scene after it Why not put it in Shaun of the Dead?

What is the scene after it again?

It's some clips from Two and a Half Men Oh yeah, I love that scene Callback In your face You're like a professional at this Alright Martin, well you're a fascinating character Can you stick around for another second?

Sure, why not?

Alright, let's go to another break When we come back we'll have more Edgar Wright More Joe Cornish And more Martin Riley This is Comedy Bang Bang Can you blow your own nose?

Can you tie your own shoe?

If you had Velcro ones Would you even know what to do?

When you make a duty Is it in your pants?

Or trousers as they sit in the day?

Are you mad because your grandson is gay?

Is it a bummer that your pubes are all gray?

When you clear your throat Is it really disgusting?

Does it go on for hours and miles?

You're gonna die soon You're gonna die soon It's not cold in here You're just dying You're gonna die soon You're gonna die soon You in the back You are dying soon You're gonna die soon You're gonna die soon We're all gonna die But not as soon as you guys You're gonna die You're gonna die You're dying You think I'm lazy?

That's hilarious!

You sit around, dye your hair and take drugs The more you shrink The bigger your mouth gets It's hardly crazy how you chew your walnuts You told me you hated my perm I visited you Pick up your prescription I'm not your candy man, bag of bones You're gonna die soon You're gonna die You're dying That's Sarah Silverman This is Comedy Bang Bang We are back We have Edgar Wright, Joe Corners, director of the acclaimed movie Attack the Block Coming out the 29th Please go see it Pump up that B.O., right? Box office?

Yeah L.A., New York, Chicago, Toronto, Seattle Greg Wells, what else? Austin, what else?

Seven Cities You shouldn't have started that San Francisco, Chicago, Toronto, Austin Los Angeles, Toronto, New York And Little Rock, Arkansas, perhaps Little Rock, yep Three Little Consequences, New Mexico Joe, what are you gonna be doing when you're out there, when the movie premieres?

Like at midnight on Thursday of the 28th, what are you gonna be doing?

I'm gonna be on a plane I'm gonna be on an airplane, yeah, flying back to the UK out of contact Really? So you're not gonna know the grosses?

I'll know when I land Really?

Yeah, I'll know by the number of photographers and fans that are waiting on the roof of Heathrow What's like the Beatles when they came to America?

It's gonna be exactly like the Beatles When you land, it'll be the birthday of your box office in a way Come on Cause for celebration Alright, we have one last I'll tell you one thing about you're good at getting a lot out of a little Oh, thank you very much I'm talking about the song Thank you very much That's the motto of his business Alright, it is time for...

Stop it It is time for our last feature on the show This is of course time to play Would You Rather I didn't exactly hear that up correctly Alright, it is time to play Would You Rather I want some freestyle rapping over that one Yeah, do you want to put some down here? Pump it back up No, no, not me Yeah, go ahead I'll freestyle That is not freestyle rapping I'm a fan of freestyle rapping and that is not freestyle rapping I think that's how the Royals do it, I'm pretty sure There's not a lot of free about the Royals style Alright, we all know how this is played I ask for Would You Rather scenarios on our Twitter It's W-Y-R, no, sorry, it's C-B-B-W-Y-R And people send them in I will ask a question to the three of you I will open the floor for questions You can ask me any question about either scenario to try to narrow down your selection And then we will close the floor and you will vote And I will tally up the points And that's pretty self-explanatory, I think Alright, so Tom Silvestro on Twitter asked Would you rather only be able to communicate in knock-knock jokes?

Or have the ghost of Dom Deluise laugh at you every time something bad happens?

I'm opening the floor for questions Yes, Edgar Would the ghost of Dom Deluise, would he be dressed in his Cannibal Run outfit?

But of course, Cannibal Run 2 though I don't know if that affects your decision What was the name of his superhero in Cannibal Run?

That's a great question He has a name, doesn't he?

A couple of cinephiles in front of me, they should be able to answer this What do you call this?

Captain Chaos I have no questions to ask, I think the answer is extremely easy Well, please don't vote yet Because the other people are still involved Can you rephrase the Dom Deluise question again?

I'll phrase it You mean actually repeat it?

Repeat it Sure Would you rather communicate in knock-knock jokes Only be able to communicate in knock-knock jokes The ghost of Dom Deluise laughs at you every time something bad happens Now, what is bad?

Is what Dom thinks is bad the same things that I would think is bad?

Great question No It's kind of like the end of Cannibal Run It's like the bloopers at the end Is that if you made a mistake, like Dom would laugh And then maybe also as an echo, Burt Reynolds would laugh as well Burt Reynolds is living, but if the ghost of Dom Deluise laughs Burt Reynolds would also laugh It's a lot like the end of Cannibal Run 2 Where they cut in footage of Frank Sinatra laughing Even though he was never in the same room with anyone So it's a lot like that, does that make sense?

Yes, yes That would be a great thing to have on your phone as an app Is Dom Deluise and Burt Reynolds laughing You could also have Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan from the end of the Rush Hour films Any time anything went wrong, immediate giggles from all over the group You ever think about putting bloopers at the end of your films?

No Joe, I think attack the block, bloopers at the end?

It would help the running time I'm interested in the knock-knock scenario Yes, please ask me any questions So say I'm in a Starbucks or a popular coffee chain And I want to order a strawberry smoothie So it would go knock-knock Who's there?

Strawberry smoothie Strawberry smoothie who?

Strawberry smoothie please Now, I get the smoothie Why don't you go next door and get it from Jamba Juice instead of Starbucks Because it has whey protein in it But that doesn't constitute a joke Well, I mean, it's kind of funny to me I don't think it constitutes a joke So I'd have to figure out a way to make that a joke Every time I did any transaction Yeah, let's role play Say you're at the bank Let's try it again, another one I'm the bank teller You come up to me I come up to you, knock-knock Who's there?

I'd like to withdraw $250 in $20 bills please I'd like to withdraw $250 in $20, what did you say?

It's falling apart $500 bills? Oh, $50 bills So again Please who?

You see, and now I've started thinking about something else Say you're in this situation It's complicated, I know A police officer comes up to you And I say to the police officer, knock-knock Who's there?

I'd done up I'd done up who?

Amazing, you'd immediately get arrested The best joke of all time Have you done the poo?

No, but you've made a police officer say it And then you're a stranger And then you're failing to communicate So I think the answer to this is very easy Well, don't vote yet, please You're going to lose points if you vote And if you even hint at what you're going to vote at I'm afraid I'm going to have to talk to you Can the Ghost of Captain Chaos team up with Jessica Fletcher?

We have a lot of ideas on this show I really enjoy this We're like entrepreneurs ourselves Listen, all of these things I just want to say, Hollywood, if you're listening All of these things me and Joe are available to write Starting later this afternoon Really? You guys are finishing Ant-Man?

Yeah, we'll wrap up Ant-Man And then it's Jessica Fletcher and Captain Chaos And I could write the soundtrack to any of these films People don't want to hear it Don't give me the lyrics, but how would the melody go?

To which one of these songs?

Any of your songs Just give us the tune I don't need to hear the lyrics I just want to hear the tune It sounds like you're almost going into the lyrics I have to warn you It's hard not to, it's such a great song Alright, any other questions before I close the floor?

Anything else here?

Sorry No Alright, I'm closing the floor for questions Let's vote Edgar, how do you like to vote?

Dom De Louise?

Dom De Louise has the most infectious laugh So I would like to hear that anytime anything bad happens Absolutely So say something when we say something bad My father dies, Dom De Louise would laugh and it would be fine Really?

Yeah What if the news of your father dying was delivered to you in the form of a knock-knock joke?

Yeah, what if the guy from the other scenario was in there?

It would be knock-knock, who's their dad, dad who, not anymore And then Dom De Louise I like that That's not bad I think that would be nice, that would sugar the pill Alright Joe, Joe how do you like to vote here in this?

It's his ghost right?

His ghost, yes definitely Come on, De Louise in ghost form, definitely And if he could also appear as the choreographer from Blazing Saddles, I'm in I'd be making money man Hold out your hands, stick out your tush I'd be encouraging bad things to happen to me, I'd be jumping under cars In order to bring forth the ghost of De Louise for a large paying audience Throw in some, the thing is also in the UK, you call it breaking up right?

I call it England No, no, when you're laughing you call it breaking up Oh yeah, sure Do you know what you call it in the UK?

Corpsing Corpsing, really?

Seriously, it's corpsing When you laugh, when you So in the UK the most famous corpses would be like, well Dudley Moore was a famous corpses Right, so famous corpses would include Dom De Louise, Chris Tucker Jimmy Fallon Can't get through a single take without Jimmy Fallon, Dudley Moore, corpses Corpses, that was fascinating Harvey Korman is the great American Corpser Yeah, there you go Yeah Harvey Korman But no footage of him corpsing on any Mel Brooks films, probably no footage of him Yeah, Joe that's not going to frighten you, having a ghost, I mean you know he, you didn't ask about this but he looks exactly the way when he died, so the What did he die, what was he doing when he died?

He was He laughed too hard at something by the way I was saying Yeah, his stomach exploded So basically his intestines are hanging out of his stomach He's the most lovely ghost He's the most, he's cute and cuddly, who wouldn't want a ghost corpsing, come on In France they call it le joie de mort Really?

Alright Martin, it's time for you to vote, you can still call us out I would say knock knock jokes, I have a hard time communicating and communicating knock knock jokes would give me an excuse, it would be awkward Without, yeah Because you're already You're used to being awkward Yeah, you're an awkward guy already so it would just, you wouldn't be able to explain why you're doing the knock knock jokes Oh, I wouldn't No, I mean you could in the knock knock joke style, you'd say knock knock I could say knock knock No, I mean I was saying knock knock Okay, who's there?

I'm a I'm a who?

I'm saying knock knock jokes because I'm forced to because I voted in this would you rather scenario Oh, I understand, at least Dom de Louise isn't here Martin, I got a joke for you, knock knock Knock knock Who's there?

Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you who?

Happy birthday to you and many more Oh, how dare you I got him How dare you Alright, well let's tally up the points here Joe, I'm afraid I'm going to have to knock a few points off your score Hey, why?

Well, you've You didn't tell me what the rules were Oh, we all You didn't remember the seven markets This is correct Supposed to remember the seven places Yeah, you didn't remember Toronto Was that part of the quiz?

That was part of it, yeah Lawrence, Kansas So you have a negative 3,568,263 points Martin, you guessed correctly, but I'm afraid I had to knock you several points for singing Happy Birthday And we just don't have the money for that So Edgar, you are our winner Oh, take that Sam Levine With one point This was almost as exciting as the Doug Loves movies It was a lot more exciting, yeah Yeah, yeah And that is of course how we play, would you rather Let's hear that song once again And this is how we do it This is how we do it Do you own the rights to that song?

A new song I helped Montel What's his name?

Montel Jordan Jordan writes that song There we go Quiet, please, while the song plays I feel I should be standing up We're going to get a little room tone here All right, that is how we play, would you rather That was a fun one Thank you so much, guys And now the only thing left to do is the last thing Which is plugs OK, you know the would you rather theme is still playing I thought that was actually part of the Is that because Cain Wills is still in town or something?

What's going on?

All right, it's time for plugs By the way, that remix that we did with the would you rather theme on it That original plugs theme is by Team Goldie, right?

Team Goldie, they sent that in If you have a plugs theme for us, please send it to earwolf.com under the appropriate thread All right, let's go to What do they call plugs in Great Britain?

Yeah, same thing, plugs Really? Just spelled different?

Yeah, they pronounce it differently We pronounce it plugs and you guys pronounce it plugs Plugs Plugs You say plugs Plugs Plugs Edgar, what would you like to plug?

Well, I'm going to plug the same thing as Joe Because that's what we I mean, I guess we could plug Tintin, but that's a few months off But let's plug Attack the Block July 29th Do a tandem plug Seven cities, I'm going to get them right Ready?

I'm ready Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Austin, Toronto, Seattle There's one more San Francisco Yes There we go July 29th, go and see it Yeah, we don't need to plug Tintin Tintin's going to be a very widely marketed movie Attack the Block is going to succeed or die on Word of mouth On word of mouth alone So if it succeeds, it'll be an honest success A hardworking, can-do little success Bootstraps Exactly Plucky little An earnest and wide-eyed So yeah, that's it July 29th, it's the greatest film ever made It's not an earnest movie, let's just be clear about that You talked over me saying it's the greatest film ever made I was just saying it's not an earnest movie We're essentially saying the same thing You're saying it's the greatest movie ever made I'm saying it's not an earnest movie We're essentially saying the same thing Yeah, earnest goes to Attack the Block Goes to the block And would you suggest seeing it on opening night Or do you think people should wait?

I'd suggest seeing it on opening night If it's too full, then just line up for the next screening Just line up And create as much brouhaha outside the cinema as possible Do you know the word brouhaha?

Oh yes, of course, yes I'm familiar with the Queen's English Just not corpsing What I want you to do at the Arclight as well in Los Angeles Is when you buy your tickets, say it very loudly So everybody else on the line can hear you One for Attack the Block, please Really, you're by yourself in this scenario Yeah No dates?

I just think that's a big hole in the Arclight A lot of lonely losers coming to Attack the Block If you said it loudly, everybody would hear All right, Martin, what do you like to plug?

Since they both did the same plug, do I get twice the amount of time?

Yes, of course, go ahead Use happy birthday in any movie that you might be making And I'd also like to plug the Earwolf Challenge It's a reality show competition on this very network right here Show that Matt Besser, a comedian Do you know who your nemesis is in the song world?

Who is that?

For He's a Jolly Good Fellow Because if you see a movie that uses for He's a Jolly Good Fellow It's public domain bullshit Yeah, that's because they couldn't be bothered to pay for Happy Birthday Well, probably the script was a birthday And they changed it to just like a celebration like he's quitting work or something Yeah, anytime you hear for He's a Jolly Good Fellow, Cheap Bastards Cheap Bastards Do you know those guys who wrote it?

Yes, I believe it was H.G. Wells, I think H.G. Wells, he stole it from the future in a time machine Brought it back to his times That's why it's public domain I want to plug, I actually have a few things to plug If you have a TV, I'm actually on it this week, strangely enough A few months back I filmed a couple of TV shows I only have like one line in both of them, but they're both on this week I'm on Curb Your Enthusiasm this week I'm on Children's Hospital this week And also my interviews with Ron Howard are still going on IFC Those are on Monday and Tuesday I talked to Ron Howard about several things, including Arrested Development Did you ask him about Eat My Dust?

His first film that he directed?

Yeah Wouldn't that be weird if I did?
