---
layout: page
title: 115. Paul Rudd,David Wain,Ken Marino [6644⧸20998].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Ten years ago, their film Wet Hot American Summer came out.

That's right, I have director David Wayne and actors Paul Rudd and Ken Marino.

They're all here to reminisce about Wet Hot American Summer.

All of that and more on today's...

Thank you, Reggie Watts.

Boy, that is of course the Comedy Bang Bang theme.

And it is summer here, we're in the midst of it.

July, I believe Comic-Con is this...

No, no, Comic-Con just happened.

I know what day it is.

Comic-Con just happened and that means the middle of summer.

And there is no better way to experience summer than by watching summer movies.

And we have the director and partial cast of one of the best.

All right, why waste time?

Let's just get right to our esteemed panel of guests.

And may I say this is their first appearance on the show.

David, I know you were on once before, but we'll get to that.

We have from my left to my right, we have from the movie Wet Hot American Summer, we have Ken Marino, Paul Rudd and David Wayne.

Hi.

All of you say hello.

Hello.

It's great to be here on the podcast.

It is great to be here on the podcast.

This is David Wayne saying it's great to be here on the podcast.

It is.

I think it is too.

I'm thrilled to be here.

Let me just say thank you to all you guys for coming.

David, you were on the show once before, but we unfortunately erased it.

It was our live from Chicago.

As I recall, I was very funny.

You were super funny and that was actually such a great show.

We got a standing ovation.

You erased it?

They erased the tape.

Our engineer at the time may not have ever pressed record.

We don't know.

We never got to the bottom of it.

Is she still your engineer?

She is not.

However...

We wish her well.

Now, why did you assume she was a woman?

When you hear engineer, is it like nurse?

You just automatically assume it's a woman?

I assume that if she didn't press record, she was probably dealing with a tampon or something.

String got caught in the wrong hole.

Her string got caught in the mixing board?

Her tampon got caught in the wrong hole.

Sometimes it ends up in one of the faders, you know, or perhaps the pan or a gain fader.

So guys, this is the 10th anniversary of Wet Hot American Summer, which is why we've all gathered here to celebrate.

This is a proper celebration of it, I think.

I think so. There's great food here.

There's a nice spread.

What a beautiful spread.

Yeah.

A lot of schmear.

And it came out on July 28th, July 27th of 2001.

Your guess is as good as mine.

But I know it was the summer of 2001.

And Ken and I were talking before you guys got here.

I may have been one of the only people to see it in the theater.

I saw it the Saturday it came out.

Yep. I remember.

We got the report.

You got individual pictures of every audience member.

They were like, there's this one white dude.

He paid full price.

We're like, good, good, good. We got that one.

There were so few people that, yeah, we didn't get the numbers.

You actually got the names of people.

But since then, it's become a, if not a cult classic, a classic.

Yeah, let's just straight up classic.

Period.

So let's talk about how this movie comes about.

You have a script, right?

You and Michael Showalter wrote it, correct, David?

Michael Showalter and I wrote the script, yes.

And did you write it for funsies or expecting it to get made?

We were working on another sort of more ambitious, we thought, script about a high school.

And we decided, you know, let's come up with something that was easier to shoot and quick that we could do with our friends.

And just what's the quickest, easiest thing?

It takes place all outside.

It's all one day, you know, or it wasn't one day at the time.

It was all outside and it was exteriors and we could shoot it anywhere and it would be super cheap and get all our friends to be in it.

And we just said, let's do something about camp.

And then we just traded back and forth our own stories about our respective summer camp experiences and just started to shape it into characters and storylines.

So all your friends were in it?

No, not all my friends.

I have some friends who are in the dental industry.

And some of them just didn't make the cut.

Oh, really?

That is something I wanted to ask you.

Like myself.

Really? You see, you were in the movie and you got cut out.

I had a scene with Kerry Kenny, which was cut.

But you could see it in the DVD deleted scenes.

It's on the DVD.

The DVD.

But Ian, Ian Helfer?

Ian Helfer's in it.

Yeah, but in the far distance is the drive.

He's on the bus, right?

But his part wasn't cut down.

It just was always very small.

Is he upset?

Huh.

He's pretty upset.

We should call him.

We should call him right now.

Do you want to call him right now?

We have Google Voice on this.

Oh, you can do this?

Yeah, we can.

Do you want to call him?

But you're not going to say his number on the air.

No, we'll beep the number.

We do this when we...

You should put your cans on though if we're going to call him because you can only hear it through.

You know I throw on the cans when I need to.

Yeah, I do know that about you.

I mean, we all knew that at least a little bit.

I did.

Yeah.

When you really absolutely have to, you throw on the cans.

All right, here we go.

Ian Helfer.

9-1-7.

Now primarily a working screenwriter here in Los Angeles at the time living in New York, working more as an actor.

All right, so what are we going to do?

We're going to apologize to him for...

Have giving him such a small part, I guess.

Okay.

And never going in close.

So, and if we just get the answering machine, you can lead the charge on this.

Sure.

What is this called?

Comedy death?

Comedy bang-bang, yeah.

Can you lower the cans a little bit?

And you are...

Sure.

You've reached 9-1-7.

Leave a message.

Hello, Ian.

It's David Wayne and I'm here with Paul Rudd.

Hi, Ian.

And Ken Marino.

Hello, Ian.

And Scott Ackerman and you know...

We don't know each other.

Okay.

But we're doing a podcast right now.

We're talking about Wet Hot American Summer.

And I just...

We were talking about how you played the bear claw coach, the tiger claw coach, and we had a very small part.

And I just wanted to take the time now to make amends and apologize for not giving you a bigger part in the film.

And you can't respond because this is an answering machine.

So thank you.

Thank you very much.

Paul, anything you want to apologize for?

Again, I suppose that you won't really be able to hear the response.

But if Ian calls you back and then leaves you a message, can we bring it to you, Scott, and then you could play it later on, maybe in another podcast.

Definitely.

On Comedy Bang Bang?

Yeah, definitely.

I have absolutely nothing to say about this bit.

All right.

Thank you, Ian.

Oh, David, you want to say something?

No, that's it about that.

Bye, Ian.

But I would say this though.

I know this is something that normally is reserved for the end of the show, but I'd like to take the time now to say I'd love to come back sometime and do this again.

It was fun.

Yeah, I had a great time.

Thank you so much, guys.

Yeah, I'd love to have you back.

Can we schedule it now, or what are we?

That would be great.

Maybe for the next episode.

Why don't we start the next one now?

OK, yeah, OK.

Well, I hope you enjoyed that episode.

What was your favorite part of the show so far?

I loved your squeaky chair, just the way you sat on it.

Just hearing it squeak reminded me of how your butt moves.

Uh-huh.

Yeah.

I really enjoyed it.

It's actually my butt that's squeaking, not the chair.

What was your initial exposure to how his butt moved that this reminded you of?

Well, guys, let's get back to it.

Let's get back to Wet Hot, because I just watched it last night.

I have a ton of questions.

Netflix streaming, by the way, if you don't have the DVD.

Do you get money every time that someone watches it on Netflix streaming?

I'm going to venture to say no.

But you probably sold it in a package to her.

You should talk about how much money the movie made.

Yeah, let's talk about that.

The movie made about a little under $300,000 in its theatrical release.

OK, well, let's think about this.

$10 a ticket.

That's like 30,000 people saw it.

That's more than see a play sometimes, if it's out of high school.

So that's good.

Was that a disappointment to you guys when it came out?

Well, I have to say, honestly, who knew that it would do?

We knew that it wasn't even the kind of movie that necessarily might come out.

You know, thousands and thousands of movies are submitted to Sundance every year, and most of them don't come out.

So we were happy it got some kind of release.

But sure, it would have been nice if they, because it got some good response and some good reviews, along with the horribly hostile reviews by Roger Ebert and many others, we figured.

But you know what?

You kind of got the last laugh when it came to Roger Ebert, right?

Right, because he's so ill.

I saw that answer coming so far away, and horrible.

Because he's so ill.

No, because the movie is so successful.

Is it?

It's critically, it's a cult favorite.

It's a cult favorite, yes.

It has, over time, made a profit, finally.

And Ken, you were saying you never saw it in the theater, on a big screen.

You've never seen it on a big screen.

I missed it the weekend it opened, and then it was out of the theater.

Did Paul and David, did you see it in the theater?

The only time I ever saw it in the theater was we went to that Halloween thing.

Remember that, in New York?

And they had people dressed.

But it was after the run.

Yeah, I don't know.

Oh, kind of, yeah.

Well, a couple years later, they started showing it every week at midnight in New York.

Wow, a new Rocky Horror.

They were trying to do that.

And then that fizzled after a little while.

I did see it there.

That's where I saw it.

OK.

And I don't remember watching it at Sundance, but that was because maybe we were drunk or high or something.

I wasn't there.

Those screenings at Sundance were great.

What do you guys like to get high on?

Drugs.

For me, hanging out with my friends.

That's the only high I need.

That's the drug I'm talking about.

Yeah.

Paul?

I say life.

And by life, I mean weed.

Can I tell you guys something?

And I hate to bring the party down here and get kind of serious and get kind of negative.

Party down, great show.

Let's kill.

Right?

No, but I got to say.

Do you get a nickel any time anyone says party down, Ken?

I do.

Great.

Just got four nickels.

There you go.

No, but seriously, this is a serious thing.

I have taken the whole notion of television, and I've dubbed it the plug-in drug.

Wow.

Yeah.

You really did bring it down.

Yeah.

Look, I have to say what I feel.

And I do think TV is the plug-in drug.

It's true.

This is one of the few times I've seen you laugh at something you've said.

That's true.

You're usually so straight-laced and unflappable.

But honestly, if you think about it, it's kind of true, because it's like people are addicted to it.

Yeah.

And well, I mean, honestly, if you want me to, I wasn't going to say this part because I didn't want to get too serious and too political here.

I think it's the vast wasteland.

That one made you laugh even harder.

I tried to hide it, but I'm a huge fan of my own bits.

You know what's really interesting?

I was watching it last night, and it, of course, has great classic comedy sequences that you would expect people with your background to write.

But then it has just little touches in there of realism, which are sort of based on your real life, especially the kids crying at the end going on the bus.

That just really reminded me of every summer I went to camp and little things that you forget about.

It was very important to us to portray in an observational way the reality of what camp was like in the early 80s, as well as making a very bunker, silly, absurd movie at the same time.

I will say it is the first time that I was exposed to sort of what has become your style, David, especially, the surrealism mixed with different types of humor in a thing.

I remember I was struck by the scene where, Paul, where you guys go off to the city and become addicted to drugs, and just how experimental that scene was in the middle of what, up till then, a lot of it had been a traditional comedy movie.

It was the first time I was kind of exposed to that kind of like, oh, wow, these guys are really going for broader type of jokes while still being real.

Good question.

Maybe the best.

Can you guys think of another question?

No, but I remember in that moment, too, hanging out just at the tail end of that sequence when you guys pull in.

And it's so great to get away, even if it's only for an hour.

But I remember standing off to the side, watching Showalter jump out of the truck, and then run over and stand against the barn.

And that just seemed to kind of happen.

And I remember crying laughing at just this idea that you had.

And of course, with 10 years.

Run over and stand against the barn.

With 10 years' distance from it, and you don't remember everything as well in terms of the press.

I just saw it at a screening they had recently.

And I think we didn't have a lot of time or money.

And a lot of things were one or two takes or just blasting through.

We didn't have time to try out different improvs, necessarily, most of it.

Improves.

Yes, improves.

Because they always improve a performance.

But in this case, it was a lot of just gut instinct of like, this seems funny, and try that.

And everyone doing that together.

So stuff like the kid running into the woods in the background of the camera.

That was actually a true mistake.

Not a mistake, just like, everyone go in different directions.

And then he just went off in that direction.

And it was hysterical.

It was definitely not intentional.

There's something about, I think, because it was your first movie.

And we were all kind of just kids and starting off.

And it rained every day.

It wasn't a big budget.

There was just such enthusiasm, I think, on everybody's part to just be making a movie.

And then one that we all found to be funny and all found to be fun.

And the crew, too, was so into it.

And I think that helped a lot.

They were very, they were like, this is such a weird, awesome, different thing.

And they were charged up to.

Can you imagine if the crew had been a bummer the whole time?

That would have really affected it.

They wouldn't have done it, though, because it was such a low budget film.

Most of these people have easier ways to make money, I think, some of them.

So Paul, so how did you get involved?

Were you going to see the Stella shows?

Because by all accounts, you had been in movies at this point.

I had been in Clueless.

Yes.

Classic Clueless.

I think you're forgetting 200 cigarettes.

No, I wasn't.

I don't think that had happened at this point.

Might as well be.

I had worked on Romeo and Juliet with Zach Orth.

And Zach and I were friends.

And we both lived in New York.

And I think we'd literally just gotten back.

And you guys were doing your play, Sex, AKA Weeners and Boobs.

Which my wife was in a production of.

She was in a production of that movie.

No way.

Yeah, yeah.

Joe Lattrullio came to see it before any of us knew it.

Was that in Long Beach?

No, it was in the Valley.

Oh my god, that's so cool.

Yeah, it was pretty funny.

We saw a production of it in Long Beach maybe two years ago or something.

This was probably like eight years ago.

And Joe was in the audience.

And I was like, oh my god, that's Joe.

It was a play that we had a friend who ran this theater festival.

And one of the plays had dropped out, like new plays in New York in this little theater.

And they said, can you guys do like a little comedy night just to fill up the time slot?

And we were like, screw it.

Let's just write a whole play.

And it was like four days till curtain.

And so we made sort of the play kind of meta about the fact that we had to write something.

Right, right.

It's a really funny play, yeah.

And I remember in the middle of it, you just did an entire scene from Glenn Gary Ross.

Yeah, exactly.

And then we advertised it as Sex, A.K. Wears and Boobs, a new play, includes a scene from Glenn Gary Ross.

And Zach Orth blew that scene out of the water.

Yeah.

Oh, really?

So he was in that scene?

It's a dumb, silly play.

And then literally in the middle, without even a beat, like suddenly they're doing this scene from Glenn Gary Ross.

So full on dramatic, no jokes, no winks.

And then it goes right back to the play.

Yeah, right.

But the point I was going to make is it was in the middle of a point.

Oh, sorry.

I thought I was giving a little sidebar history about that play.

But you know what?

You're not interested.

It's fine.

Well, I went to see it.

And I knew who they were, David and Showalter and Ken and Joe.

I mean, I knew everybody from the state, because I'd watched the state when I was on TV.

And then so I met you guys.

Plug in drug.

Right.

Oh, well, God.

And it really is.

It's like the vast wasteland.

Let's talk about this briefly before we get to the story.

So where does music even fall into?

Like music?

Yeah.

Because I use stereos.

And it's like you've got Walkmans now and iPads and iPods.

Here's the problem.

The iPod, it was pure.

It was just music.

It was just all about expression and freeing your mind, right?

Then when you add apps to it and games and words with friends.

Well, remember when MTV was just videos?

Anyway, so.

I have to just make one point about this, which is it used to be that you're like, oh, what station is it?

Oh, it's 980 or 1050.

You didn't say like, oh, is it AM or is it FM?

Now we have the FM.

Oh, OK.

Is it on FM?

Is it on AM?

103.6.

Who cares anymore?

Well, that's the problem, too, is once they introduced the point system, it used to be just like, I'm listening to 103.

I'm listening to 105.

Right.

Oh, digital has really improved our lives?

I'm not so sure.

Good point.

Ken, what do you have on this?

I have nothing to do.

Really?

I don't know about this comedy.

You're bailing on a lot of bits today.

You seem tired.

You're tired with all of them from the start.

Ken's not interested in comedy, really.

I'm not a big comedy fan.

We'll get to what you're doing lately.

With Ken, it's, oh, it's like, oh, it's the Dodgers.

Dodger baseball.

It's a bridge, so I could talk to a brain surgeon.

With you, Ken, it's all about the Benjamins.

So I saw the play, I met these guys, this story's in 20 minutes.

And then you gave me the script, David.

Stereo.

But seriously, though, about, but going back, it's like you have AM and FM.

Yeah.

And then it's like, oh, I listen to, you know, KFOX.

Sure.

Or like, it's like, what is that, is it 101?

It's like, have more choices really made our lives better?

Yeah.

Well, as Devo said, freedom from choice is what we want.

Yes.

That was their biggest song, freedom from choice.

So you met us at the show.

Freedom from choice.

It's a plug-in drug.

And we gave you the script, and we said we would love you to be in the film.

Pretty much, yes.

And what did you see in Young Paul Rudd?

You know, I realize, you didn't give it to me that night.

Did we just exchange phone numbers and then?

God, I don't remember.

I guess it would be fascinating to figure out.

I know.

I don't know.

What did you see in Young Paul Rudd that you knew that you had to have some of that clueless magic?

I knew that he had appeared in feature films.

Financing.

He had appeared in other feature films that people have heard of.

Which, by the way, proved to be absolutely futile.

Didn't make a damn bit of difference.

Anyone put up any kind of money?

Nope.

How about Janine? Did that get you any dollars?

And Hyde Pierce?

I think that ultimately, at the end of the day, three years later, the combined package of Paul, David Hyde Pierce, Janine, Molly Shannon, et cetera, and us never giving up finally resulted in a meager budget.

How'd you get Hyde Pierce involved?

He's really funny in it, too.

We were talking about what I remembered, because I saw it last night and I hadn't seen it in 10 years since the...

Thank you for watching.

Oh, sure.

I wanted to get refreshed here.

I did remember certain things I've always remembered these 10 years, like Hyde Pierce saying, oh, fuck my cock.

How do you get a guy who most of the world thinks is on a show called Frasier?

Right. And they're right.

They were right about that.

We found out later.

They're 100% correct about that.

Maybe even 110. I don't know.

We offered the part to him through the normal channels, just through his agent.

What channel?

102.3.

And he called me up on the phone and he basically said, I read the script, I think it's really funny.

He had met Janine when he had hosted Saturday Night Live and she was in the cast that season.

Great season.

And he basically said if the Janine... It was a really high point in that show.

If Janine is really playing this part and if you're playing the whole thing kind of straight, then I'm in.

And he was the easiest deal to make. He didn't care about making money.

I found that with a lot of big stars is that those are the ones that rush right through.

Meanwhile, the guys playing the extras are asking for back end.

That's always the case.

Points on the points.

And he also drove himself up there and he took everyone out to dinner the first night. He was awesome.

He slept in the bunks.

Everyone slept at the camp.

He fucked everybody?

Everybody.

I remember when we were shooting and he even said when he read the line, fuck my cock, he knew he wanted to do it.

He was like, I never get to say fuck.

And then he said, I'm going to fuck everybody when I'm there.

I'm going to fuck all of you so hard.

Do you remember when, he's not called David Hyde Pierce for nothing.

Prince Albert.

I remember when, because he also showed up two weeks or so into the production.

We'd all been there and we were already every night getting totally drunk and loud and partying and everything.

And everyone was kind of nervous about what he was going to be like and if he was going to be like a school marm.

Or just kind of like we don't, nobody knew him.

Does he get loud? We didn't know.

And then it was about one in the morning and he had to shoot the next day and we were all in this kind of like the cabin.

The nurses quarters.

The infirmary. The room that basically Joe and Janine trash in the movie.

That's where all the cast live, in the infirmary.

So we were all hanging out there and it was about one in the morning.

And he walked in and it was like we all just shut up and it was just super quiet.

And we were all getting ready to kind of be told to be quiet.

And I just remember Ken looking at him and just going, oh great, it's Frasier.

It was a total, it was much more of a full feeling of a group effort than anything I've ever worked on since.

Because for so many of us it was the first movie.

And also by nature of the schedule and the location, everyone was there all the time, whether they were in that particular scene or not.

In a way, we just shot a movie called Wanderlust where we went on location and we were at this one house for a good chunk of the shoot.

Seven weeks.

And it had a similar feel because everybody was in the same place the whole time and it was like a family.

Who's in Wanderlust by the way? Wanderlust?

Wanderlust is coming out soon and that stars Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston and Alan Alda and Mullen Ackerman and Katherine Hahn and Ken Marino.

Justin Theroux, Joe Latruglio, Kerry Kenney.

Micaela Watkins.

Lauren Ambrose.

Jordan Peele.

Jessica Sinclair.

What's it like hanging out with Alda?

Show Alder and Black.

Nohide Pierce.

My wife Sandy.

Keegan-Michael Keegan.

Well, Alan Alda is a hundred times nicer and more of a mensch than you can even imagine.

I'm imagining David Hyde Pierce.

If you had a hundred times past that.

If you had a thought that Alan Alda might be cool or funny or smart or fun to hang out with, quadruple your expectations and that's what it is.

And you know what? It is true actually, David Hyde Pierce was like that too.

He was.

We really lucked out as such cool guys.

We lucked out with the guys that we've cast in our stuff who are older than us.

You ever talked to him about that live West Wing episode?

You know, I did talk to him a little bit about it because I'm a huge West Wing fanatic.

Really?

Yeah.

He said it was hard to...

Memorize?

Memorize. But he said he didn't memorize it, but he said it was still hard.

Yeah.

But yeah, I could definitely come back another time, maybe just you and me, we could talk the West Wing.

I'd love that.

I would love that because you know me.

I don't that well.

But I think you're great.

Gosh, we should get to know each other.

You ever talk to him about that other show he did, the Mobile Army Surgical Hospital?

Yeah, you know, I call it just MASH for short.

Yeah, we talked about that too.

Yeah, he was on that.

He played old sawbones.

Well, he wrote and directed as well as starred in the finale of MASH, which was the highest most watched television program of all time.

I mean, wait a second.

Alan Alda, Hawkeye Pierce, Wet Hot American Summer, David Hyde Pierce.

You tell me.

I will tell you.

I think the fucked up thing here is, and excuse my French, Alan Alda, Hawkeye Pierce, never in the same room at the same time.

Something's up.

Yeah.

Pamplemousse, excuse my French.

You guys...

Paul?

I have nothing to add.

Certain bits.

You gotta let him go.

Gotta let him go.

All right, let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll take more requests from you, the listeners, and we'll talk more about the radio and just about modern life and what's really going on.

Wait, this is live?

Yeah, this is live.

We're going out there.

Seriously?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, they're all listening right now.

Holy crap.

So let's take a break.

We'll be right back.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Hey, man.

Hey.

Dude, you're looking pretty swole.

You been working out?

Uh, yeah.

Why are you looking?

Oh, no.

Not like that, man.

I mean, no homo.

Oh, no homo.

Cool, cool, cool.

When you want a complimented friend.

No homo.

But you don't want that friendship to end.

No homo.

To tell a dude just how you feel.

No homo.

Say no homo so he knows the deal.

No homo.

And, yo, man, you got a fresh style.

No homo.

And you know you got the best smile.

No homo.

Your girlfriend is a lucky lady.

No homo.

With your own looks, you make her handsome, baby.

No homo.

I like the way your shoulder fell off that shirt.

No homo.

It's hard to pull off, but you make it work.

No homo.

And, yo, I kind of like your natural sex.

No homo.

And, yo, I kind of like the musical wreck.

No homo.

Man, I can't decide who wore it best.

No homo.

But I'm feeling Diane Keaton's vest.

No homo.

I admit it, I'm a fashionista.

No homo.

And I know every line of Mystic Pizza.

No homo.

The deal is over.

No homo.

Damn, this rosé is something special.

No homo.

Yeah, we should goof around and wrestle.

No homo.

Let's hit the high top and take a dump.

No homo.

We're all friends.

Ain't no need for trunks.

No homo.

Man, I'm really feeling buzzed right now.

No homo.

Are you really feeling buzzed right now?

No homo.

Yo, we should watch this gay porno tape.

No homo.

But that's a joke, because we're all straight.

No homo.

Man, you could wash laundry on those abs.

No homo.

Yo, I think girls look good in drag.

No homo.

Hey, I've been thinking about posing nude.

No homo.

Yo, I've been thinking about fucking a dude.

No homo.

A week of three-way 69.

No homo.

Or human centipede in a line.

No homo.

Or some docking could be hella fun.

No homo.

Oh, yeah, man, or I could do this one.

Hey, yo, no homo, but I wanna dress up like Dorothy.

And butt-fuck a dude while he's 69s Morrissey.

No homo, but I wish I lived in ancient Greece.

To give young Socrates a chance.

No homo.

Man, I'm really feeling buzzed right now.

No homo.

But that's a joke, because we're all straight.

No homo.

Man, you could wash laundry on those abs.

No homo.

Yo, I think girls look good in drag.

No homo, but I wish I lived in ancient Greece.

To give young Socrates the illful release.

Hey, yo, no homo, but today I'm coming out the closet.

Wanna scream it from the mountains like a gay prophet.

These two words have set me free.

No homo.

Damn, it feels good to be.

No homo.

All right, Comedy Bang Bang, we are back with the Golden Trio, I call them.

That's what we're called.

Back to the Comedy Bang Bang.

You guys ever think about doing like a little trio act yourself?

You know, we have Stella, but...

Well, the three of us also produced a movie together, another movie.

We produced two movies as three producers.

Because you did role models, right?

We did.

Well, we actually, all three worked on role models.

None of us officially as producers, but, you know, Ken, whatever.

We all wrote and worked on that movie.

And then we have all worked as three of us as producers on the new movie we're making right now, Wanderlust, and together we also did the movie The Ten.

Phew.

Boy, that was a lot to get through.

I was nervous.

It was a whole time.

It was worth it though.

I'm glad I got through it.

Absolutely.

It's like your Haftar, like once it's done, I can relax, have some grape juice, and dance with my girlfriend.

Why do you guys like working together so much?

It's just fun.

You implied something in the question that is not necessarily true, so I don't know how...

That you shouldn't work together this much, right?

We're all getting tired of the formula.

It's getting old, guys.

You're way more impressed with it yourselves than anybody else.

I know that, for me, it's great when I find these guys to be hilarious, and I think that we like a lot of the same stuff.

Hilarious is Diamond Dozen, though.

Yeah.

Specifically hilarious.

Sounds like very, very specific kind of sensibility.

Thank you.

I remember shooting Wet Hot American Summer and having a revelation of like, oh, this is what I want to do, because before that, I had done this day with David and a bunch of the state guys and gal, and then came out here and started auditioning and doing things by myself, and it was...

And behaving badly.

Not...

Yes, and it wasn't fun, and I didn't enjoy it, and I forgot what...

Supposedly, in the business, that's a step up to go from being on a cable show and a big ensemble to like...

NBC with the Schneid.

Being on network stuff.

Yes, and it wasn't...

I mean, that particular show was not like the most fun, but in general, I was doing it to do it, and I forgot why I like doing it, and then Wet Hot happened, and we were all sitting around creating stuff, making each other laugh, and I remember...

You had told the story, and I remember Zach saying it to you, where he didn't care what happened with the movie, he just wanted a video of it.

Yeah, he said...

Yeah, he goes, I don't even know if it'll ever come out.

All I want is just to have a video tape of it.

And the idea of that spoke to me, or stayed with me, and it took several years after Wet Hot to go like, oh, right, that's why I'm doing it, and so I feel like that's why we work together so much.

And Ken, you've almost since then, you've been involved in a lot of projects with the same kind of group of people, I mean, you were first on Veronica Mars, which then led to Party Down a little bit, and then Children's Hospital, I mean, it's really like you kinda took that to heart, it seems like.

I did.

I started working with David on the 10, and we did a movie called Diggers Together, the three of us did a movie called Diggers Together, and the idea of spending your time creatively with people you enjoy being around, for some reason, it took me a while to figure out that that's how I wanna do it.

And is it ironic, though, that now these kind of niche shows are accepted as popular entertainment now?

I mean, I know that they're not the hugest popular entertainment in the world, Party Down obviously only lasted a couple of seasons, but I mean, they're sort of revered in the way of being classics.

I think what's great now is that because of the internet and just the nature of media, a show can have a relatively small audience, but still be produced and available and talked about by that audience in a big way, and so Party Down is the kind of show that has a huge following, and everyone loves it, and it's great, but it still wasn't considered a hit in the old-fashioned sense.

It was really...

It doesn't matter.

It was barely watched.

I mean, stars, yeah, that's barely a thing.

Well, it was weird, because Party Down was a show that we came up with four years before it was ever made.

Right.

Almost, I wanna say four years.

It was supposed to be you and Steve Carell.

We wrote it, because Rob Thomas, Dan Etheridge, John Enbaum, and I worked on it for a year and a half, two years.

I remember when you had been talking about that years before.

And we wrote it specifically, yeah, Carell was before The Office with Carell.

That'd be weird if it was Carell after The Office.

He would have passed.

I almost can guarantee it.

And Jane Lynch.

And then we all kind of forgot about it, and for some reason, the script that we wrote came...

Like, stars had read it years later.

No, well, Rob, after Veronica Mars got canceled, decided to shoot that script.

We shot, what we did is...

Now you're talking about Veronica Mars creator, Rob Thomas, not Matchbox.

But what had happened is we almost, FX almost did it.

Thanks for jumping in.

Because we took it to a few places.

No one would do it.

And so then Rob, then it's like, I'm gonna just shoot it myself and see if we can...

So people see what it is.

To shop around the actual pilot.

So then they filmed the pilot, and then that was just like the same thing.

Let's get our friends.

We got Adam, who's a good friend of ours, and Ken, and...

Jane.

And Jane.

And then...

But then it happened...

And as I recall, Andrea Savage, who the...

Andrea Savage, right.

But it was...

And then much later, stars had seen it, or read it or something, I don't know.

But it was so off the radar of the four of us, and then it came around again.

Isn't that ironic that it was like you have Radar, Alan Alda, Red Eyed Pierce, Hawkeye Pierce.

Now you got me.

Right.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

This is dripping in irony right now.

Sorry, I just...

Well, my mama told me that was a great strategy.

To shop it around?

She...

You got me.

You got...

Oh my God.

You better shop around.

Oh my God.

My mama told me it was a great strategy to shop it around.

All right, guys.

Let's do a regular feature on the show.

I know you guys are going to really enjoy this.

Irregular or a regular?

A regular.

Irregular.

This is my...

If it's what I think it is, it's one of my favorite features of the comedy...

Bang, bang.

Yes.

All right, here we go.

This is our freestyle rap contest.

All right.

Start up the...

We'll just take turns.

And this is...

Because of wet, hot American summer, this is summer rap.

Okay?

So try to make your rap all about summer.

All right?

Let's get started off and here we go.

Well I was walking down the street just the other day and I saw a guy and I heard him say that summer is the time to be all fine.

And then I drank a big jug of wine.

David?

Can you up the beat a little bit?

Yeah, up the beat a little bit.

Surfboards and beach time, everyone's having a ball, giving it all to my cocky call.

Everyone says I'm a good time guy, but I like to have a campfire roasting the marshmallows and chilling down to the chili boys.

A chili boy, chili boy, ging, ging, ging, everyone's got a popsicle swing set up and around.

Set downtown later and midtown for the middle of the day and go.

All right, Paul.

Oh Jesus.

Really?

All right.

Wow.

Cut off shorts and popsicles, motorcycles and bipsicles, fuck this.

All right, Ken, don't bail on this.

Oh no, I'm not going to bail.

I got to bring it back.

Okay, bring it back.

Bring it back.

All right.

Here we go.

I get a toasted cheese sandwich on a mozza bread and make sure my pencil's full of lead.

When I go to the beach or I swim in the pool, maybe just pop in to shool, do my half tour or read from the Bible.

Maybe you know my friend Michael, he's 13, it's his Bar Mitzvah now.

That's right.

Holy cow, he's got a fountain pen and a pinstripe suit.

Don't you know he's a Judy Choo Choo and he likes his aunt and he likes his uncle.

There's his Sadie, he's got a garbuncle on his foot and a boil on his ass.

Don't worry, it's not like mass, it's more of a Jewish thing, that's what I said.

That's right.

It's mozza bread, it's a leaven because they stroll through the desert.

That's right.

Stroll through the desert and they didn't eat it.

They had to dine on a bottle of wine called Manischewitz.

They pour for Elijah.

What?

You said what?

No.

I don't buy your bullshit of all this religion because my name's Jennifer.

Jennifer.

Hey.

Wow.

That was a good rap now.

I'd like to say I wish it had never ended, but now we've got to throw it to our friend Ken.

Yeah.

Check it.

Check.

Check it out.

Check this.

Yeah.

Summertime.

Nice.

That was a good one, Ken.

Thanks for not bailing.

I appreciate that.

Good raps, guys.

Good raps.

Nice.

Yeah, that was a great feature.

One of our favorites on this show.

I love the feature.

Now I'm relaxing.

All right.

What do you think?

Should we do this one?

All right.

Let's do this.

This is a little feature we call What Am I Thinking?

This is the What Am I Thinking theme song.

Nice.

Remix.

It's not my fault I fall in love with a guy who's thinking about me.

All right.

This is What Am I Thinking?

We all know how this is played, but I'll just refresh your memories.

We basically will go two and two.

Who wants to partner up?

I don't understand.

Teams of two.

Who wants to partner up?

Completely lost.

Okay.

So we got one.

Who's going to pick first?

You'll be my partner.

Okay, I'm going to be your partner.

That means you guys are partners.

All right.

Paul and Ken are partners.

So we'll start with Paul and Ken.

Yes.

All right.

So you're each going to think of a word separately.

Any word or a thing.

It can be like a two word thing like Tweety Bird or a name or anything like that.

It's just a thing.

You think of a thing.

Okay.

Keep it in your mind.

Lock it in.

Is peanut butter...

Peanut butter is one thing.

Yeah, exactly.

Then you'll each look into each other's eyes.

You'll gaze into each other's eyes.

And then you will say three, two, one together.

And then you'll say your word together, all right?

Then you'll have two separate words, ostensibly.

You will then...

It's an improv game.

Yeah.

You will then say three, two, one.

And then the word that you then say will be like the thing that both of those words has in common or the combination of those two words.

Oh, that's fun.

Okay.

And then you'll eventually try to say the same word at the same time.

And then the only way you can lose is if you hesitate or say the thing the other person said like a half second after they say.

Okay.

All right.

So have you locked in a word?

Yes.

Oh, by the way, who are we playing for?

Children's Mercy Hospital.

Yes.

All right.

Both of you?

Yes.

Wow.

All right.

They're gonna get a lot of money at the end of this, no matter who wins.

All right.

We're on the same team.

You'd think that was true about Congress, but...

Right.

You make a great point.

Very true.

Hey, you know what, I think the circus is in town in Washington.

Have you thought about that?

Yeah.

I know you're joking, but it's true.

Because there's a lot of jugglers.

Well, and also...

Is the circus in town?

Yeah.

We have to go to Washington though.

Do you want to make plans after this?

No.

What about all the pork?

So...

Yeah.

All right.

So have you locked in a word?

Yeah.

It can be a person's name.

It can be anything.

Sure.

Anything.

Yeah.

All right.

Let's go.

Gaze into each other's eyes.

Don't look at me.

All right.

And then say three, two, one together.

And then say...

Oh, three, two, one.

Karaokeo.

Okay.

Karaokeo?

Yeah.

Karaokeo.

And what did you say?

Billy Barty.

I was going to say...

Actually, I was just going to say karaoke, but then I got thrown off.

So you said karaokeo.

Karaokeo.

I think we can count that as karaoke.

Okay.

Let's just count that as karaoke.

So karaoke and Billy Barty.

Karaoke and Billy Barty.

Yeah.

Right.

So you're just thinking in your mind, what are the two things that they have in common?

I already got it.

Maybe a song.

I got it.

I don't even think we're going to...

I think we got it.

What do you mean two things?

You got it.

What brings those two things together?

Yeah.

What's the one thing?

Yeah, exactly.

What one thing ties those two things together?

Those two things together.

Yeah.

Here we go.

And?

Short people.

Randy Newman.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, you got to say three, two, one.

So one of you said short people.

One of you said Randy Newman.

But they didn't do it the proper way so they lose.

No, no, no.

They haven't played before.

I'm giving them a little leeway.

All right.

So now you've said two separate things.

Short people and Randy Newman.

So you have to come up with a combo of those, okay?

So then you say three, two, one, and whatever those two things have in common.

Short people and Randy Newman.

I don't know.

You know...

It's pretty obvious to me.

All right.

Well.

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

I love L.A.

Oh, fuck.

I love L.A. and what did you say, Kevin?

I was going to say writer.

Writer or song.

Yeah.

Same.

Okay, so...

Writer and I love L.A. You guys can pull this out.

They have something in common.

Writer and I love L.A.

Oh.

Oh, yeah.

Here we go.

You can do this.

I got this.

You can do this.

Writer.

I love L.A.

Okay.

Yeah.

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Steve Martin.

Bobba Lou Mandel.

Oh, God.

You guys...

Okay.

Bobba Lou Mandel.

He's an L.A. writer.

How about just who's the writer?

I was going to go with Steve Martin but it was just too obvious.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Logan's.

Yeah.

Who, by the way, is son Simon?

Is it an acquaintance of mine?

Mm-hmm.

So Bobba Lou Mandel and Steve Martin.

Steve Martin.

All right.

What do they have in common?

There's something.

I know there's a movie.

Here we go.

And...

Three, two, one.

Giant Dicks.

Oh.

I was going to say parenthood but what did you say?

Giant Dicks.

Giant Dicks and Roxanne.

I was thinking of a giant nose.

I was going to say parenthood which was written by...

So, Roxanne.

I think Will was going to do better.

Giant Dicks and Roxanne.

And Roxanne.

Here we go.

Oh, well, we got this one.

Three, two, one.

Sting.

Big nose.

Oh, shit.

Big nose and sting.

Okay.

I was going to say Stuart Copeland.

Giant Dicks and Roxanne Sting is what they have in common.

That's not bad.

Yeah.

Wait, wait, wait.

So what do we got?

Sting and...

And big nose.

Okay.

Sting and big nose.

And big nose.

I can think of one thing that has a big nose that stings things.

Man, Jimmy Durante.

Right?

All right.

Here we go.

Ready?

Wait, wait, wait.

Oh, I don't know.

Okay.

So, giant nose.

And sting.

Yep.

Giant nose and sting.

Okay.

We got to go quicker.

Here we go.

Okay.

And without thinking.

Here we go.

And three, two, one.

Carle Malden.

Cyrano and Carle Malden.

Great, of course.

Good.

All right.

Let's go.

What do they have in common?

Carle Malden and Cyrano.

They have something in common.

Yeah.

Ready?

And three, two, one.

Streetcare.

Bullyebase and streetcare?

What the hell?

Again, I was going to say streetcar.

I was going to say big streetcare?

But I got thrown again with like karaoke.

I was going to say big nose.

Yeah, big nose, of course.

Big nose.

You said you couldn't repeat.

I never said that.

Oh, wait.

I got the game all wrong.

Yeah.

Then you should have said Randy Newman when it was like writer of I Love L.A.

Yeah.

But okay.

Yeah.

We can still get this going.

Streetcare.

I thought you said don't repeat.

You can't go repeat.

Yeah.

Okay.

Now we've got to go streetcare and what?

Bullyebase.

Okay.

Streetcare and bullyebase.

Might be a few more steps here.

Okay.

We got it.

You got it.

Yeah.

Three, two, one.

Homeless.

Randy Newman.

Homeless and Randy Newman.

Not bad.

Homeless and Randy Newman.

Yeah.

Homeless and Randy Newman.

I know.

Okay.

Three.

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Short people.

I love short people.

Ken, I'm afraid that you hesitated.

You are the loser of that round.

Paul, you're the winner.

Mercy to the same team.

There's a win.

Yeah.

Well, no.

But now we compete against each other and then Paul competes against the winner of that for the ultimate prize.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

All right.

Can we do this at parties and so forth or is it copyrighted?

No.

You're not allowed.

All right.

So I have mine locked in.

Oh, I have to think of something.

The very premise on which the game is based.

All right.

Okay.

Got it.

All right.

Here we go.

All right.

And three.

Say it with us.

Three, two, one.

Shark.

Children's Rock.

Children's Rock and Shark?

I can't remember.

What is that?

It's like a genre of music.

Oh, a genre.

Oh, I thought it was a place.

That's for kids.

Okay.

Shark and Children's Rock.

I did go to Children's Rock recently with my family.

It's beautiful there.

It was beautiful this time of year.

Second only to Yellowstone or Jellystone.

All right.

Children's Rock and Shark.

I'm having a tough time with this, but just without thinking, throw anything out.

Three, two, one.

Jaws.

Whoa!

Jesus Christ.

Hey, buddy.

High fives all around.

You guys never said Booyah bass.

Yeah.

We never said Street Carer either.

I don't know.

Karaokeo?

Karaokeo.

Well, you know what that means, Paul.

Unfortunately, we said it in less than three, which means we are the winners.

We had Randy Newman and...

Oh, see, we would have got it right if we knew the rules.

Yeah, unfortunately.

But that is how we play What Am I Thinking?

Good game.

I loved it.

I got it.

I had a great time.

Impressive stuff, I think, with the Jaws.

At the end of the day, though, it's not about, oh, we won, you lost.

We all had fun.

We all had a good time.

That's the main thing.

We all had a good time.

We did.

I thought we did.

Let's go around shaking each other's hands.

Good game.

I think you guys will love it.

It's a little thing called Would You Rather?

Get that horse out of here.

Whoa.

Fire.

Whoa.

Buddy.

Arms present.

Arms.

Reload.

Guys, if you don't mind, before we continue, I'm going to need to make a little announcement.

Before we continue, I'm going to need to make myself a little soda.

Is that a drip coming from that fountain?

That's the tear basin.

Sorry.

Hey, there's a dog in my pants.

Ruff, ruff, ruff.

Zip.

Oh, wait a minute.

Here comes a little kitty cat.

That's not a dog.

Meow.

Hey, turn off that hose.

All right, we all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios at our Twitter account, which is CBBWYR, and I will ask the question, and then I will open the floor for questions, and you can ask me questions narrowing down the specifics of each thing.

There's a section of the recently released, after a long time, the state record album that is exactly this.

Really?

You might want to play it.

Tom Lennon gave me that, and I guess I should listen to it instead of immediately throwing it away.

You shouldn't immediately throw things away.

Right in front of him, too.

Scan through it.

You should definitely do that.

The piece on the record is called What Would You Rather?

Oh, good.

I should listen to that.

All right, well, this is very similar, but you'll ask me questions and try to narrow down your choice, and then we will close the floor and vote.

I love it.

A.

Hey, the Fonz is here.

Fonz.

I love it.

You guys know the Fonz.

We're familiar with the Fonz.

We work with the Fonz.

Another Mensch.

Another, just the sweetest guy in the world.

Yeah.

All right, here we go.

Lucifer Vandross, aka Cool Guy Jones, he asks, Would you rather grow a full mustache every time you sneeze, or immediately know a person's weirdest sexual secret upon meeting them?

Could you?

I haven't opened the floor for questions.

I'm so sorry.

I'm going to have to dock you points on that.

Okay, I've now opened the floor for questions.

Would you rather grow a full- You're so close.

Dave.

Can you shave the mustache as soon as it's grown?

Yes.

You, in fact, are forced to, because mustaches are outlawed in the society, and if you grow a mustache, then the secret police will see that you've grown a mustache and will imprison you for life.

And does it immediately just sprout, or does it take as long as an actual mustache would take?

No, it immediately sprouts up.

It's a lot like, you know, a Tom Selleck or a Lee Horsley type mustache.

You know?

An action hero from the- I have no further- Do you have no further questions?

No.

Okay, don't vote yet.

All right.

Guys, do you have any questions?

What was the second?

What's the weirdest sexual secret?

Not every sexual secret they have.

That would be far too much for the brain to process.

You just know their weirdest one.

Yeah, that's a no-brainer for me.

I think you got it.

But there's all sorts of things that you haven't asked about, because there's all sorts of information that I have that is not included in the question.

Oh, okay.

I don't think I quite understand the game.

You have to ask me questions to try to figure out, you know, role-playing, basically, of like, what would it be like in this scenario?

Would this meet every single person, like your parents and grandparents included?

Yes, every single person you know.

So your parents, you know, the day you meet them, the day you're born, you get this just imprinted into your mind, like the weird thing- So every time you look at them- So then, once you've met a person, assuming they haven't done a weirder sexual thing in the meantime, you won't have any more information.

This is all just- You just know that, but as is the case, people's sexual proclivities get weirder and just more fucked up.

So each time you saw them, if they tried something new, you'd know about it.

If it's weirder, yeah.

But that's like, I would want that.

Yeah, that sounds cool.

I'd love that.

That's what I'm saying.

It's like saying, would you want like a cupcake or a piece of shit?

But I mean, you guys haven't even asked.

You haven't even asked about the fact that you are made into a eunuch when you're 12 years old in that scenario.

Like, you haven't even asked about that.

Are you made into a eunuch when you're 12 years old in that scenario?

Yes, they cut off your penis with a hot knife and they give it to you in a box as a present.

Oh, then I'd rather have the Mustang.

Who's they?

Oh, don't vote yet.

Wait, who's they?

I don't get this game.

See, you have to narrow down your choice.

There's all sorts of information.

Who are they?

Who gives me my cut-off penis?

The people who's the- The government's sexual deviancy- No, it's the 1988 Showtime Lakers.

Oh.

Okay, now I'm back to it being a no-brainer.

Now, is that the Cardiac Kids?

The Cardiac Kids?

Is that your Cleveland Browns?

Your Cleveland Browns.

The Cardiac Kids.

Who are the Cardiac Kids?

The Cardiac Kids.

In the 80s, the Cleveland Browns were known as the Cardiac Kids because they really pulled it out over the course of the game.

Yeah, no, this is the Showtime Lakers.

This is Kareem Magic.

Okay.

They all get back together to do this to every child, basically.

That was a golden age for the Lakers.

We had, where do I start?

Kareem was there.

Yeah.

Magic was there.

Where do you end?

That's a big- That was a great time for the Lakers.

Lamar Odom.

Marvin was hitting them over the head.

Yeah.

Mike, they want you.

That's why we play the game.

Yes, you have to ask these questions.

Is the mustache just human hair?

No, it is not.

It is actually the, you know the fuzz that's on a peach?

Yes, of course.

Yeah, it's thicker than that, but it's peach fuzz.

Now, when you shave it off, can you keep the hair and then turn it in for cash?

Of course, yeah.

In fact, in this reality, in this universe, they don't have cash for gold.

They have cash for mustache hair, because mustaches are outlawed, so it's very valuable.

So you put it into an envelope and you send it away, and then they send you back change.

Can you get cash for your old car?

Cash for your old car is roughly equivalent to cash for your old computer.

What if the transmission is just like fucking done?

Of your computer?

Yeah.

It's then...

I'm sorry.

You might want to get next to that mic.

David has like, is trying to escape into the floor somehow.

He's down on the floor answering these questions.

And I have one other question.

Yes.

When you say every person you meet, you know their sexual secrets, do you mean like if I see them in concert, say I go to see Kristin Chenoweth in concert, would I then get to know that stuff about her?

It depends on if you do the meet and greet afterwards.

Because her concerts are so great and she's really, she has that touch.

She's a consummate show woman.

How are you spelling meet?

Oh, that is a great question.

It's M-E-A-T, of course.

People like meet.

Yeah.

People that you stick your meet into.

And then greet would be like, not, like meet would be G-R-E-A-T, it's really...

How everyone pronounces greet.

Yeah.

Meet and greet.

So you'd have to do a meet and greet with Kristin Chenoweth.

How are you spelling Chenoweth?

Oh, that's a great question.

Yes.

S-C-H-A-A-L.

Oh.

Now, let me ask you this.

Yes.

This guy's fast.

Is this the Kristin Chenoweth that sings or is it the Kristin Chenoweth that was on Westwing?

Westwing.

Bringing it back.

That is like an old...

Alda.

Yeah.

Radar.

And David Hyde.

The one that we like or the one that we don't like?

Is that what you're saying?

Is that the one that sings or is it the one that is Kristin Chenoweth?

Why were there two radars?

That was so weird.

Suddenly there's another actor playing radar.

Which one do you like better?

And you know that term under the radar?

You've heard of that.

No.

It's an expression.

It came from MASH because...

Because radar used to be up at the top of everyone's screens.

No, but Hot Lips, it's like everyone was just having like crazy...

On the show they were all jumping from cot to cot.

But radar, Gary Bergoff of course, never got any action.

But that's the thing where it's under the radar.

That's the irony.

It used to be that he used to sleep on a cot and all the other people from MASH would fuck underneath the cot.

And so at times it was literally under the radar.

But the little known fact, radar like that, that was his weird sexual...

So now would you then, if you met radar...

Yeah.

Which you would...

Several times.

In a meet and great with Gary Bergoff?

You meet and great him usually about once every two weeks in this scenario.

Yeah.

Once every two weeks.

Yeah.

You kind of hang with Berg.

Well, I'm liking this.

GB.

This is...

Don't edit this.

You know, MASH contributed things to popular culture that didn't exist before that you think...

Oh, like what?

You don't know that that came from MASH.

Like the laugh track.

Like the line, you know, oh, Hot Lips Hoolahans is in the shower, let's go spy on her, didn't exist before MASH.

That didn't exist prior to MASH.

No.

Yeah, I didn't know that.

Yeah.

That came from that show.

Yeah.

So...

What about like Hoolahans, like the restaurant Hoolahans?

Yeah.

Those didn't exist before MASH.

You know what?

I'll go there.

If I just want something that's not like the fanciest meal I ever had, but I want something good.

Food.

You know, sit down.

Waiter service.

Maybe a nice drink, you know, on a Friday night.

Yeah.

I'd go there with friends.

Speaking...

Oh, sorry.

You can't go.

No, no.

I was just going to say I'll eat the crap that they serve for their entrees.

Just give me a Death by Chocolate and I'm all right.

You know what I mean?

Exactly.

Let me ask you...

And a little drinky poo.

Of course.

Good stuff.

David, what if you want a steak?

Where would you go if you were like in the mood for a steak?

That's a great question.

Well, where would I go for a steak?

I'll throw it back to you.

It's, say, you're in New York City.

Right.

You want a nice New York strip steak.

What would you think is a good place to get a steak?

Say you're in Brooklyn.

Like a great place in New York or something to get a steak?

Well, Old Homestead.

No, Lugers.

The only good place.

TGI Friday.

The best place.

What about...

No, Lugers.

Well, there's a lot of great...

Lugers is the only place worth going to.

What about the Palm?

Lugers.

What about, like, Kraft steak is a very popular...

Can I pull out a bit that I haven't done in many years?

Yeah, please.

Didn't you just do that?

English.

Delmonico's.

No, Lugers.

English.

Science.

History.

Psychology.

Okay, but English, you know, gym class, science, history, government.

Economics.

Or...

Math.

Ematics.

I'm just going to qualify as a bit.

You're so wet hot, man.

What about...

Yeah.

Do your...

There's also the...

Are we playing What Am I...

I think I have my answer.

The...

We'll vote, but we're...

Yeah.

This is a sidebar.

What?

We're deep in the game right now.

Wow.

This is usually what happens in the game.

This is another...

Hey.

This is another case.

What have we got?

Scott, can I ask you something?

Yeah, please do.

Anything.

I'm an open book.

That show's 60 minutes.

I forget.

What network is that on?

CBS.

Pharmacy.

Oh, my God.

That's one of my favorites.

Everybody tuned in to be like, hey, let's get some...

We'll hear some nice, interesting facts about what happened.

No one tunes into this show for facts.

We spend far more time on the facts than we normally do.

David, what are your thoughts on somebody like Kevin Spacey?

This guy, Spacey, I have a specific issue with.

What's that?

Because I don't know if you saw that movie, Swimming with Sharks, where he was like...

One of my favorites.

You know, plays the terrible boss.

Horrible boss, yeah.

And then, you know, he was in that other one.

He was played in Superman.

He was Lex Luthor.

Another horrible boss.

It's like, which is it?

Make up your fucking mind.

Jesus.

It's true.

It's a good point.

But Spacey really is particularly fucked up that way.

Did you...

Let me just say, when you came up with that joke in that day, had he just done Superman?

I think maybe the original topic was Jeff Goldblum, but then the comedy evolves.

Sure.

We're into Jeff's...

Into Kevin Spacey.

I mean, if anyone wants me to pull back the curtain and kind of get a little view of the process...

Of course we do.

I mean, you mentioned earlier the brilliance of my voice and brand of comedy, which I definitely think is true.

Oh, God.

And you know, it's not just off the cuff, Scott.

There is a process.

You know, comedy is work.

It's like coal mining in a way, but instead of coal, you're mining jokes.

Listen, I get up in the morning and I go to the office and I sit down and construct these things like a shoemaker will darn a pair of socks.

But David, you do put your pants on one leg at a time, just like everybody else.

I know my assistant does help.

All right, it is time to vote and let's go around the horn.

Ken, how do you like to vote?

Would you rather grow the full mustache every time you sneeze or immediately know a person's weirdest sexual secret upon meeting them?

And of course, you have no penis.

Summertime is the place to be.

I gotta do...

Get that beat back!

What the fuck is going on?

Get that beat back!

Don't freeze up now.

I think I'd go with mustache.

And why is that?

Wrap your answer.

I'd like to, I'd like to go with mustache.

I said I'd go with mustache because you turn in the hair, make some cash, lots of hairs mean money.

That's right.

Listen up, honey.

I'm talking about stashes, not beards.

You guys are really queers because I mean I want a big old cellic, Magnum P.I.

That's right.

I want a Magnum P.I. or a Sam Elliott.

That's C-N-E-T?

Elliott.

And then he says my phone home.

Homes?

Good.

Good stuff.

Dave, wrap your answer.

I'll tell you what it's going.

Right, if I have to lose my eyes or my ears, I would say I've got to lose my sense of sight.

Because I'm getting to music, music's my thing.

I like to dance and do a ding-a-ling.

So I would take my hands and not lose my eyes because eyes are the losers in the skies.

Good answer.

Wow.

All right.

Well.

I like that guy.

I believe that is, I did read that eyes are the losers in the skies.

But I also like the new kind of character that was coming out.

Yeah, your physicality was amazing.

The sleepy rapper.

Sleepy.

Yeah.

Eyes are the losers in the skies.

All right.

Let's tally up the points.

Eyes are the losers.

David, you won that round, especially because of the specificity about the eyes, which had a lot to do with both scenarios.

So congratulations.

Thank you.

Thank you, guys.

And that's of course how we play Would You Rather.

Yeah.

There's the theme.

Off we go.

All right.

Right.

Sunrise.

Well, there's only one last thing to do in the show, and that is, of course, our most famous feature, Plugs.

What up?

What's up, assholes?

It's that time of the show.

With these dudes and chicks, I'll pimp in their shit.

Yes, it's time for Plugs.

Oh, wow, they threw a plug into their own plug theme.

Amazing.

That was Team Goldie.

I guess teamgoldie.com.

Thanks for sending those.

You can of course send us Plugs themes at our website, earwolf.com, at the forums under the appropriate thread.

And all right.

Let's go round the horn.

Ken, what do you got?

Plug it up.

Yeah, of course.

Sometimes I rap slow, sometimes I rap quick.

Wake up in the morning, shave my head with Bic.

Get the beat back.

He's ready.

He's ready, man.

I want to do a plug theme song for you guys.

Yeah, please do.

Oh, yeah.

I'd love to.

All right.

Wrap it.

Wrap your plug.

Wrap my plug.

I got nothing.

We've got Children's Hospital.

We've got Children's Hospital out there.

Wrap about Children's Hospital a little.

I'm not going to rap.

I feel like...

Let me tell you something.

Children's Hospital is on a winning streak because it's shown every Thursday, every week.

Midnight's the time to check it out in on a place called Adult Swam.

New episodes every Thursday night.

Yeah.

And then repeats on Sunday.

There was just one, a new one last night, right?

Yes.

There was the 70s episode.

I just watched that.

Check them out.

Then you know if you miss it, if you missed the episodes, you can see them on the Children's Hospital TV dot com.

Dot gov.

Website.

Children'sHospitalTV.com.

Coming out in January.

Wanderlust.

From what I understand, January 13th.

I believe that is correct.

Where did you hear that?

It's on the internet.

Is it?

Yeah.

Really?

There's a little information out there.

I didn't know that.

Yeah.

So Wanderlust.

Tell us a little bit about it.

Just give us a slug line.

Wanderlust is about a little kid who grows up in Indiana.

And then at a certain point, he is so old that he can barely speak.

And so he has to carry around like a blackboard, like a little handheld, obviously, not a full blackboard.

Yeah.

It would be absurd.

It's a little handheld blackboard.

And then he chalks out what he has to say in the blackboard.

Then, okay, so this goes on for, you know, X amount of time.

Two hours.

A little while.

Three hours.

And then into his life, unexpectedly, walks his long lost daughter, Shamil.

Shamil is, needless to say, a little bit taken aback by the fact that her father has lost his speech.

But then again, he's so old, she's not as surprised.

She kind of understands it.

And that's sort of where the crux of the movie is.

She's not as surprised as she would be if he had been a little bit younger.

And that's, I think, where the audience is probably going to get really hooked into the...

They're probably on her side.

That's the gimmick.

That's sort of the gimmick.

That's the hook.

That's what happens.

That actually happens the first one minute of the movie.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

Is she the audience surrogate?

Well, if you see the trailer, I mean, once you get into this whole notion that she's surprised but not super surprised, then immediately, you know, obviously, I don't need to explain where that goes.

Does her face even show any sense of surprise, or is it all handworked?

Yeah, a little surprised.

A little bit.

Yeah.

That's what's so cool about it.

But she's actually kind of keeping it in.

And she has to put the pieces of her life back together because it's...

In a way, it's shattering, but it's the kind of thing where it's like a, you know, adapt or perish.

Hmm.

Survive or die.

According to IMDb, this movie's coming out October 7th.

Really?

So that's what I...

That's the latest...

Well, if IMDb says it, it must be true.

Huh.

Paul, what do you have to plug?

I know you have...

Oh, you have the...

You know, I saw the trailer for your new movie.

Our Idiot Brother.

Yeah, it was really funny and did really well in the theater, and this is a theater full of assholes too.

Oh, good.

Good.

Yeah.

It's made for assholes.

I think assholes are going to love this movie.

When's it come out?

What's the date?

You know what else is also made for assholes?

What's that?

Toilet paper?

What?

Butt cream?

All of the...

Cordaid.

Randy Newman.

Randy Newman is made for assholes.

And in our house, a broomstick.

Stop inviting me over.

Do you have a month or a week?

It comes out in August.

August something.

Go see that.

And then you're...

Yeah, but that's...

It's good.

I like that one.

Yeah, yeah.

It looks really good.

And then you're filming Judd Apatow's new movie currently, which is why you're in LA.

Yeah.

How's that going?

It's been going really well.

We just finished the first week of it.

Second week of it.

We just finished the second week.

You're right, David.

How do you know so much about this?

Because I am good friends with Paul.

Really?

That's right.

And I told him.

I follow along where he is at all times.

Paul who?

But the movie Wanderlust that will be coming out in January is Judd is also a producer on that.

He's attached.

How many points does he have on that?

I think he has 90.

It seems like a lot.

Basically, if anyone who buys a ticket to see Wanderlust, they pay 10 bucks, nine goes right to Judd's...

Really?

Like direct deposit?

No.

The box office people at each theater have to take those nine dollars in cash.

And there's a tube system that goes to Judd's house.

So that's very...

That seems like a lot of tubes.

Cut that part out.

Okay.

David, anything to plug for you?

I know that there's the big Wet Hot American Summer Show in New York.

Well, me too.

Children's Hospital every week.

Yes, of course.

Keens.

What about Keens Steakhouse in New York?

Great plugers.

And then, yes, well, unfortunately, our big Wet Hot American Summer Anniversary event hosted by Stella at the Brooklyn Music Hall in New York on July 26th is sold out.

But still, people can go and enjoy.

But people can go and enjoy the atmosphere around it.

We're also having a screening and Q&A with Wet Hot American Summer and a Q&A with me and Michael Showalter moderated by Jake Foglenest sometime before that.

It'll be on my website, davidwayne.com.

When is that?

Also, I think Super Jail is still on the air.

Oh, boy.

Oh, gosh.

Just shut up.

Shut up.

Oh, brother.

If you don't have your...

I'm just going to plug briefly, if you don't have your tickets for Bumper Shoot, I will be doing three recordings, one every afternoon there with Paul F. Tompkins will be my special guest on all of those.

Also Paul Rudd, I believe Clueless is out on DVD, right?

It is out on DVD.

You can get that on...

Blockbuster.

You can get it at Licorice Pizza.

Sam Goody.

Which Licorice Pizza?

All of them or just...

Sam Goody, Sam Ash, Sam Adams.

Sam Adams.

You can get it at Sam Adams.

What about Crazy Eddie?

Ugh.

His prices are insane, but you can get it at Crazy Eddie.

That guy's practically giving it all away.

Carvel.

You can get it at Carvel.

Can I ask you something?

Does anybody beat The Wiz?

Nobody.

Nobody beats The Wiz.

Nobody?

Nobody beats The Wiz.

All right.

That's what I wanted to know.

You get it at Modell's.

Got to go to Moe's.

I'll tell you the thing about Crazy Eddie, though.

Sometimes the prices are way too low.

The guy's not...

For his safety.

I really do.

The guy's out of his mind.

He's out of his mind to have his prices that low.

He's out of his skull.

I mean, is he even thinking about his family?

No.

You get it at Sam Malone.

Oh, Sam Malone's.

You get it at Sam.

Jenna Malone.

Great pitcher.

You get it at Jenna Malone's.

You get it at Molly Malone's.

Great pitcher.

Uh-huh.

Jenna Elfman.

You can get it at Jenna Elfman's house.

She has it on DVD.

Yeah, definitely.

You can get it at Danny Elfman's house.

Not only can you get the DVD of Clueless at Danny Elfman's house, he'll actually sing you all the songs.

And if you head over there... he'll sing you what he would have scored over it if he had done the score.

Think about the Iron Man.

He'll sing, it's a dead man's party, why you watch it at his house.

And he'll jerk you off while he does it.

You guys are missing the gigantic irony here, because you said Elfman, and earlier we were talking about Randy Newman, short people.

We missed it.

It's Billy Barty right there.

Oh, thank you so much.

Thank you.

And then Elfman.

But you're also saying Elf.

Exactly.

And then Elfman.

Exactly, and then we had American Summer Tales placed in the 80s.

Don't put any cats around that guy.

Speaking of weird sexual secrets, the guy who was in Elf, right?

Mm-hmm.

He had some weird sexual versions.

Did he?

Yeah.

I did a play with him.

Oh, really?

Max.

Max, what'd he do to you?

Nothing.

Nothing to me.

What does he do to you?

He used to hang out with Michael Jackson a lot, right?

I did.

Yeah.

I did, yeah.

Whatever happened to him?

Like, let's do...

We should do a follow-up.

Where are they now?

Look him up and see what he's up to now.

He had some good songs.

A lot of people don't remember it, but he had some legitimately good songs.

PYT.

Pretty Young Thing.

PYT.

What else did he do besides PYT?

That was it.

I don't remember.

He did a bunch of them.

The girl is mine.

I remember that laugh he used to do over that one song, the ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.

Oh, yeah.

He did his Vincent Price impression.

I only know him from Captain EO.

Yeah.

Great stuff.

I remember him from Captain America.

I remember him from Captain Crunch.

Captain America.

All right.

Let's close it up.

I know him from Nobody Beats the Wiz.

That'll be it.

I wanna thank my guests.

He was great in Nobody Beats the Wiz.

He's on down the road to low-price electronics.

Can I get my face away from Paul's dick now?

I hope that you...

I hope you'll all come back.

You've all been a delight.

I do think it's important that your podcast listeners know that the entire time all three of us have had our face not more than a centimeter from Paul Rudd's dick.

Because you...

Delmonico's.

Luger's.

All right.

We'll see you next week.

He's been around for almost a hundred years.

His balls are just great mics.

We'll see you next week.

Bye.

David.

Was that some sort of comedy AA meeting where you're calling all the people you wrong or just me?

You know, the funny thing about that is literally last night over dinner, I was telling Joe the Trilio that I was still pissed about what happened with what I was making, so...

I tried calling you guys back, but I don't know what happened.

Anyway, very funny.

Yeah, I'm upset.

I gave a great audition.

I don't get it.

Okay.

Bye.

This has been an Earwulf Media Production, executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwulf.com.

The Wolf Dead.
