A lot of people don't like to hang out with their old boss. Not me, I have my old boss. David Cross from Mr. Show is here, as well as the director of Zombieland in the upcoming 30 Minutes or Less, Ruben Fleischer, his first time in the chair. Also, a very intriguing gentleman named Sam Darling.

He's an advocate. An advocate for what? We will find out a little later in the show. All of this and more on today's… What's up, everybody? This is Scott Aukerman, and welcome to another edition of Comedy Bang Bang. We are here with two of my favorite people in the world, and I don't get the chance to say that often. I have to say that.

First of all, we have a guy who… I would say if I have any success in show business, a large part of it is credited to him. Ruben Fleischer? No. David Cross is here with me from Mr. Show. My old Mr. Show pal. Yep. Here he is. Look, we all make mistakes, Scott. If I could go back in time, I'd go back in time and rectify it. It's too late, it's water in the bridge. Really? You would prevent me from being hired on Mr. Show before killing Hitler? No, I'd probably do it in reverse order.

I'd kill Hitler, then run back to my time machine, jump in it. Oh, you know what? I should have, mental note to myself, put in some hand sanitizer and some towels and stuff, because I'm going to be super sweaty from killing Hitler. But then, once I've killed Hitler, then it changes the future, because if I kill Hitler, there's more Jews, Jews will probably end up taking over Hollywood at some point. Yeah, that hasn't happened yet.

So, I don't know, I got to rethink this. What if you only had, it was only a one-way trip on the time machine? Would you go back and kill Hitler and then wait 55 years to prevent me from getting hired on the show? But then that show is going to be really weird, because it's going to be Bob as a 30-something guy, and then me as a 90-year-old, and I can't play teenagers. No, no, no. So, you're going back in time right now to the 40s, so you will already be born, so it'll be old you.

Oh, man, this is blowing my mind, man. Hopper lives.

All right, let me introduce our other guest. He's my old buddy. He directed a movie called Zombieland, which was a big hit last year. He has a new movie coming out this Friday called 30 Minutes or Less, which we will talk about. I've seen already, and it is very funny.

Ruben Fleischer is here. Thank you so much, Scott, for having me.

Split that thing right next to your mouth. I got it right here. Thank you, Scott.

Ruben, you and I have known each other for a while. You are an acclaimed film director now, but we first got to know each other. You, a lot of people don't know this, but you directed the first two episodes of Between Two Ferns.

If you can call it directing, I guess, yes. I was involved in the process of making them.

I would say you and Zach probably did everything, and I just pointed the cameras, but yes.

Well, I mean, those things are basically- Oh, those were pointed well. I've never seen those going, man, those are in exactly the right position.

They were in focus. We really did our job. Yeah, you were doing that pilot for Fox, and you had seen, I think, a couple of my short films, and asked me to make some shorts with you guys for the pilot. Yeah, we did that, and we did the Between Two Ferns, and we did Paul Russ, Petey Crichton. Yeah, and we did Casey Wilson's short, which was really funny. Yeah, a bunch of really funny shorts.

Yeah, really great stuff. You're a really funny guy. You've been in the comedy scene for a while.

You directed The Girls' Guitar Club with Mary Lynn Ricecub and Karen Kilgariff.

And- And a bunch of shorts with Nick Thune, but yeah, I really honestly was just a huge comedy nerd in the first generation, or I don't know when the first generation was, but I was in the late 90s generation of alt comedy nerds, and I used to go to Largo every Monday night, and I would see, it was when I first moved out here to Los Angeles, having been a huge Mr. Show fan, and I would go every Monday night, and it was incredible to me that for five bucks I could see David and Bob and Paul F.

Tompkins and Jay Johnson and Mary Lynn and Karen and a bunch of those people who were performing regularly at Largo. And for me, it was really honestly a dream come true, getting to see these guys in person and just as such a huge fan of comedy, getting to meet these people and then later get to make stuff with them. It was really a cool experience for me. Where are you from?

DC. I grew up in Washington, DC and went to college in Connecticut and then moved to San Francisco and then eventually... Let's get the whole story.

Yeah, yeah. And then eventually moved down here. Walk us through this.

But I was just honestly a huge Mr. Show fan and...

How is it? Describe the feeling meeting David Cross right now.

I'm a little intimidated, I'll be honest. I was a little nervous when you told me that he was going to be on the show, having never met David, but being a huge fan. And yeah, he's just staring at me with really intimidating eyes and I'm nervous about everything I say.

Yeah. But no, David's a very nice guy, as we both know.

Yeah, counter to my reputation. I'm quite nice.

What is that all about? Do you really have a reputation as being prickly or...?

Yeah, yeah.

I've never heard that. I mean, honestly, I can say as an outsider, I've never heard that before.

I guess maybe I'm a little hyper aware of my negative press just because I retain it and I wouldn't say it affects me, but I certainly am... It jumps out almost like when you're doing standup and there's 2,500 people and there's one guy sitting there with his arms crossed and that's the guy you're seeing. But yeah, I've gotten that quite a bit. In fact, I've done a number of interviews where the person will meet me either at my apartment or will meet in a bar, something like that, and they'll say at some point, this has happened a number of times, like, oh, I told my friend I was interviewing you and he's like, oh, that guy's supposed to be a dick and you're not.

No, you're just like one of the guys. I mean, it is intimidating to meet you because you have such a great body of work that... What do you have to say of work?

Okay. You've made a lot of people laugh. You created laughs.

I've got a great body.

I see. You got a great body. You're just like an imposing figure.

Well, no, I mean, I suppose there have been a number of times where I've always thought it's really about the approach of the other person combined with what... Sometimes you're on the phone or you're eating or you're getting bad news from your family or something, and you just... You can't be entertaining or as affable as you might... Or match their enthusiasm.

What's the worst news you've ever gotten from your family?

Your sister's still alive. That's terrible.

Who's a bigger... Who's nicer? You or Bob Hudenkirk?

Again, it depends on...

Depends on the situation.

It totally depends on the situation. I mean, I've seen Bob... Where I don't think he realizes it, I've seen him be just icy prick, but I certainly have seen...

The first time you went over to his house to play basketball...

The first time I met him, he was a dick.

We've talked about it. Do you know the story, Ruben?

No, I don't.

Okay, Bob talked about... I believe he talked about it on the IFC interstitials that I did, but he said there is no greater case for him being autistic than the first time he met David, which... Describe it from your point of view.

I was out here visiting from Boston. I was staying on Janine Garofalo's couch, and I'd been here for a couple of days. I was like, I'd like to play softball or basketball. Do something because...

You like to have an active body. If you don't use it, you lose it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Captain America, that's...

Yep, that's the phrase. And she's like, oh, my friend Bob, he's really funny, he's cool, and he plays basketball, so we'll go over there.

And I really felt in my adult life so young and just going back to that feeling of being nine years old. It's a lot like when your mom says, go to the neighbor and go ask if you can play. Or your mom brings you to your neighbor, and then you're just kind of embarrassed. I was visiting a family in Arizona once, and they said, go next door, there's a kid your age, and asked to play. I went and hung out and hid in the side yard for two hours, and just sitting there by myself, so I didn't have to do that. And then came over and they said, how was it? I went, oh, it was fun. Just so I would not... Because I have a fear of meeting people.

Right. Well, you're in the right business.

But okay, so put us in the scene. You're on his front porch.

So Janine, I don't know how I had a basketball. Maybe one of her roommates had a basketball.

That's an important part of the story. How did you get this basketball?

Anyway, I'm sitting there with my basketball. We walk a couple blocks, right around here actually, and Bob's door is open, but he has a screen door that's closed.

We've all seen him.

And let me describe this screen door in detail.

So you can see through it, and yet it's a door?

It's about a 15.8 mesh, right? 300 thread count, Egyptian mesh cot. Anyway, so Bob is watching TV, and his chair is at an angle, and it's basically his back is...

You can sort of see him from the side. His back is to us, and he's watching TV and sort of...

He has a sandwich. Actually, in his version of the story, he's eating a sandwich.

I don't remember the sandwich, unless it was chicken salad on rye, then I remember it.

But if it wasn't that, then I don't remember it. And in the entire conversation, he never got up or came to the door. He basically... Janine's like, hey, Bob. Hey, Jeannie. Hey, this is my friend, David. He's staying at my place, and he's like, hey. And he's sort of shooting it over his shoulder.

Never come in. Oh, guys, come on in.

Never come in, never gets up. And he's wondering if you want to play basketball or anything. He's like, no, I'm... Whatever. Eating a sandwich, according to him.

Eating a sandwich and watching TV. No, I just made the sandwich.

Yeah. And we stood there kind of half-awkwardly. And I stood there for a little bit, and then, okay, nice to meet you. And I walked back with my basketball and my Charlie Brown head hanging.

Not even when you're a little kid are you ever turned down like that.

No greeting, just throwing it over his head, over his shoulder.

Over the shoulder. Well, you're familiar with that over the shoulder, Reuben, right? You're a director. I just think it's funny how there was no phones involved in that story. That it was all done in person. Well, this is back... What year would you say this was?

This was before phones. Yeah, this was 92, maybe?

This is back when people weren't saying hello, they were saying ahoy when they picked up the phone.

Yeah, they'd crank a little hand crank next to the phone that was embedded in the wall, and they'd go, Sarah, get me White Plains three, six, two, five. Make it snappy.

And yeah, there was no... But it was also... She lived like, I don't know, three blocks away from that. So it was an easy walk. So now Reuben, turning to you, you have a movie coming out this Friday. I've seen it. I saw it the other day. You were nice enough to invite me to do a screening, and it is fantastic. And this year, I've had three directors of movies on, only three, and I've given their film the Comedy Bang Bang stamp of approval.

Those have been Bridesmaids, Attack the Block, and your movie. You are the third. So I give this movie the stamp of approval. You'll think it's really funny. Who's in the film?

It stars Jesse Eisenberg, as he's on Sorry. You have to get better at this. You're on a press junket here. Danny McBride, and Nick Swartzen, and Michael Pena, Fred Ward, and Bianca Kalick. And if you don't know what the movie is, it's basically Jesse Eisenberg plays a pizza delivery guy who gets a bomb strapped to his chest and is forced to go rob a bank with his best friend disease. Exactly. Danny and Nick are these kind of burnouts that just do stupid stuff like blow stuff up and make bombs in their garage. Danny's big dream is that he wants to open a tanning salon slash brothel. And he's convinced that his father has some money, and he's convinced that his father's spending his inheritance too quickly, and that he'll never get the money from his dad to build the tanning salon brothel. So he decides to hire a hitman who costs $100,000, but he's too scared to get the money himself. He's too scared to do the hit himself.

He's too scared to get the money himself. So he comes up with this brilliant scheme of strapping a bomb to Jesse's chest and insisting that he rob a bank for him. And then with that money, he'll pay the hitman to kill his dad so he can get the inheritance to make the tanning salon brothel.

So it's real streamlined, simple to solve. It sounds complicated when you say it, but in the language of film, it's very easy to understand. Well, I think that we do a better job of telling the story in the movie than I just did for sure. No, it's really funny. I was saying to you beforehand that to me, it's a lot like a movie from the 40s where like a screwball, I shouldn't say screwball because that gives a wrong impression of the tone. But when I say that, what I mean is like, there's a little bit of setup. You were saying it's 83 minutes, which is really quick. It doesn't feel like it's too short or anything. It just feels like once the setup happens and once everything starts going down, it's just boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh.

And the crowd that I was with was loving it, eating it up. And that's great. Yeah. It's really, really funny. So make sure you go out there and see it. I'm going to see it on Mondays.

All right. Well, it's time for a feature on the show. I love having directors on the show because they're the best at this feature. They're ready to be disappointed.

It's a little bit of a... Well, first, let me say exactly what the feature is and we'll do the theme song. But this is a little feature we call Hollywood Facts. Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood Facts and we're going downtown, going to Inglewood now. Everybody do your facts and know your stars. There's glitz and glamour and lots of bars. Get a drink at a club, then go walk in front of Chinese theater. Hollywood Facts. Take out your dick.

Check out the facts. It's the Hollywood Facts, bro. That is, of course, the Hollywood Facts theme song is done by Andy Samberg and Adam Balli. I'm laughing because you used the Sharpie on the dry eraser now. You tried to get it off and now it's all over your hand. Now it's all over my hand.

I should use the eraser. So this is Hollywood Facts and basically this is just movie trivia.

Ruben, you a film buff? I'll do my best. David, by all accounts, you're an actor in films.

Yeah. Where's this going? You work in the medium. Right. Do you know a lot of trivia?

I know what a mag is. Great. That's okay. Well, I'll try to delete that question from this.

All right. Why don't we start with David? First question. Ready? And we'll just count up however many you get right and the winner will... Hang on. What's the prize? What's the prize?

Well, first of all, who are you playing for? What charity are you playing for?

The United States of America. Okay. They could use some help. Ruben, are you playing...?

I'll support that same charity. All right. Whoever wins, USA, you're getting the money.

USA is the big winner in the end. All right. Here we go, David. Ready? True or false?

True. Oh, okay. True or false? The Wizard of Oz was the first movie filmed in color.

True or false? False.

Correct. By 1939, several movies were filmed in color. That is correct.

Okay. All right. One for David Cross. One for David Cross. All right. The score right now, let me recap. The score after the first question is one to zero.

All right, Ruben. Let's see. All right, Ruben. Here we go.

In Bringing Up Baby, have you seen the film? A long time ago, yeah.

In Bringing Up Baby, what type of mammal is Baby?

Tiger. No, a leopard.

Oh! So close.

A leopard. So close. So close. All right. So one to zero. David.

Yeah. Who starred in the movie Mermaids and sang the Shoop Shoop song?

Cher. No, Christina Ricci. No, the middle one.

No, Ariel. What?

The answer we're looking for is Ariel. Ariel the Mermaid.

Little Mermaid? Yeah, the Little Mermaid.

Oh, that was a misdirect. You said there'd be mermaids.

Yeah, you said mermaids. I don't think so, guys.

All right. We're turning to Ruben. What are the- And wait a second. That's wrong because the Shoop Shoop song was done by Cher in Mermaids.

No, no, no, no, no. Ariel sang that. Seriously, get on the internet and check right now.

Ariel the Mermaid from Little Mermaid sang the Shoop Shoop song.

Will you look up the Shoop Shoop song? I'm sorry, guys, but we got to move on to this next question. No, we can move on, but we're coming- We're just starting not to embarrass music lovers here.

Go ahead and look it up, Dustin. Just Google Shoop Shoop song because I remember a video with a promo thing. I think you might be wrong because I have all the information here. Ruben, what- Where are you getting your information from? What is your source?

Ruben, what are the- What is your source, man?

What are the final lines of dialogue of Chinatown?

I'll guess. Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown.

Chinatown. Sorry, that is the second to last line. The final line is, thanks for coming, everybody. So sorry. Really?

Yep. David, in the film The Pink Panther, what is The Pink Panther?

Diamond. No, it's a leopard.

Sorry. I hate this game.

It's a diamond. It's a leopard, David.

You're still in the lead. Come on. Dude, Ruben, back me up on this.

I think he's- The Panther is a- It's a leopard. It's a diamond.

All right, Ruben, next question. You're purposely toying with us.

I think he's just trying not to embarrass me. This is some weird Stanford prison experiment.

Which spouse of Laurence Olivier appeared in 101 Dalmatians?

This is a leopard. The answer is not leopard.

I am not familiar with all of his spouses, and I don't think it was Cruella de Vil.

Labrador Olivier was the answer we're looking for.

All right, David, still one to zero.

It's not. It's three to one, actually.

This is what jewelry company used the James Bond movie titled Diamonds Are Forever for its slogan.

The Bears?

Correct. All right, first to four.

What sports team used the Super Bowl Shuffle as its theme song?

Chicago Bears.

Otherwise known as?

The Bears.

Right. I love that.

What singing group's lead singer sang the theme to Short Circuit?

Oh, wait, wait, wait.

First we had De Beers, then we had De Bears.

Oh, this is all a thematic thing.

Yeah, four part question.

De Beers, De Bears.

It wouldn't be Debussy. He was a composer. He was dead by then.

Can I ring in?

Yeah, yeah, do it.

I'm going to save David here.

De Barge?

De Barge, correct.

Nice, nice.

I'm only going off the theme. I certainly didn't know that.

All right, fourth part.

In Babe, where does the titular character sleep?

The barn?

Correct. Yes. All right. All right, two to zero. But last question goes.

But Ruben and I are splitting these points.

Well, no, this question is worth 100 points.

Ruben, what did Demi Moore famously shave on camera in the movie G.I. Jane?

Her snatch?

Butthole hair.

I'm so sorry. David, you're a winner.

OK, but this is a tainted win. Did you Google Shoop song?

Yes.

What do you got?

Ariel from The Little Mermaid.

Ariel from The Little Mermaid, confirmation. And that is, of course, how you play.

Is that the only thing that comes up?

Hollywood facts.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown, going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars. There's glitz and glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club, then go walk in front of Chinese theater. Hollywood facts. Take out your dicks.

Check out the facts. It's the Hollywood facts, bro.

Definitely the Shoop song.

David, I cannot believe how long it's taking you to figure out this is a bit.

Well, maybe because it's not funny in any way, shape or form.

All right, I'll give you that.

All right. Well, that is, of course, how we play Hollywood facts and.

Terrible, terrible.

Terrible game that David is upset at.

Awful comedy piece.

I've never said it's a good comedy piece, but it is a comedy piece that I spent five minutes writing and you will give it the respect it deserves, which is not at all.

I think I did.

All right, let's take a break. We're going to hear a little song sung by one of our guests.

This is Pizza Boy sung by David Cross.

And when we come back, we'll have another special guest here on Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be right back.

Comedy Bang Bang.

And we're here with David Cross and Ruben Fleischer, who is taking a picture.

And we have a brand new guest on the show.

A very interesting gentleman just came into the room.

And now you guys have never met this person before.

I would imagine.

Never, never, never.

Not run across him, but let me introduce him.

It says here on the introduction he is an advocate for Ultimate Frisbee.

Is that correct?

That's correct.

And his name is Sam Darling.

Thanks for having me on.

Hello, Sam.

Yeah, this is a great opportunity to talk about Ultimate Frisbee and the advantages it has.

Oh, that's okay.

So a lot of times a publicist will set up a guest on the show because a lot of times we have interesting people, not celebrities like the two of you.

Oh, wow.

David and Ruben, but just normal folk.

And so that's.

To relatively interesting.

So that's why you're here is basically you want to talk about Ultimate Frisbee.

Okay.

Yeah, and it's a little bit of a weird fit, but I'm just trying to get the word out in whatever venue I can.

Word out.

When you say word out, what do you mean?

You want more people to participate in the sport?

Yes, I want more people to participate in the sport.

I share the story of my personal journey with the sport.

Oh, as a motivational kind of thing.

So you travel around to try and figure this out.

You travel around.

I'm having difficulty figuring out exactly what you're here to talk about.

Well, I suffered a career ending injury and I'm trying to keep my connection with the sport alive through motivational speaking.

I do speeches at schools.

They're attendance optional.

Now, I didn't want to say anything, but when you say a career ending injury, you, I mean, this is not something that you bring up when you see, when you first meet someone, but you are in a, you're in a, how would you describe what you're sitting?

It's a wheelchair.

A wheelchair.

So that's still politically correct to call it a wheelchair.

Yeah, that is what it's called.

Really?

What did you hear, David, that we were supposed to call them?

Moving sit downs.

Just because wheelchair is so confining both literally and...

Well, also, you don't know, like, if you meet someone who's like in one of those, you don't know if it's a rascal and they're just like too fat to walk, you know what I mean?

Like, you don't want to say, hey, nice wheelchair.

Yeah, I do.

It's when they're too fat to walk.

Yeah, I know immediately.

No, but you, I mean, you have an athlete's body, David, but also, Sam, you have a very athletic body.

So I assume that it wasn't due to you being too fat to walk.

Oh, no, I was struck by a frozen bird.

A frozen bird.

Yeah, it was actually the day that I was going to play my first Ultimate Frisbee game.

I was warming up on the sideline and, similar to hail, I guess, birds can freeze and go up and down in thunderclouds, and it fell at terminal velocity and cracked one of my vertebrae.

You never even got to play?

That was your first, that was going to be your first game?

First professional game?

It was going to be my first game of Frisbee.

I'd been told by my therapist that I should join a group activity.

Wait, you'd never, your first, so not even your first professional game, just your first game?

Your first, you'd never, you've never played it then, technically?

Well, yeah, if you want to, technically, but I don't think you have to live your dream to talk about your dream, and that's what I'm here to do, to talk about cardio conditioning in Ultimate Frisbee is amazing.

People you meet are amazing.

Okay.

Teamwork.

Did you have any of those experiences, personally, that you can relate to?

Well, you know, I said hi to some of the guys when I got there, and I'm still in the Yahoo group, so, yeah.

Still get the Google documents?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, I will do the schedules and the shared sheet.

They haven't taken me off the mailing list yet, so they're really good guys.

Are you kind of a cheerleader now for the sport?

You mean, do I go to the games?

You're getting cheered.

The field is really muddy, so it's not great for the cheer.

Tough to get around, yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, so have you ever been to a game since you were injured?

Personally, no.

I'll read the recaps on the Yahoo groups.

Really, where can people read these recaps if they're interested in them?

GreatestUltimateStories.net.

Oh,.net, oh, okay,.com not available.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's too bad.

So, you've never been to a game, you've never participated in a game, and yet you're going around to schools, you say, attendance optional...

Attendance optional motivational speaking.

How long are your speeches or your sessions or when you're giving these?

I try to keep them short, like 90 minutes.

Wow, so once you, I assume you...

Longer than Ruben's film.

I assume you have to explain the wheelchair and explain what happened as you...

Somewhere towards the beginning of the speech.

Yeah, well, I normally start off...

That's the elephant in the room, I'm sure.

I normally start off with some call and response, like I'll yell out, can't, and I'll have the kid yell out, never did nothing, just for some positivity.

Do they know to do that?

Do you coach them through that or is that just a natural...

I gotta explain it and then some people are saying like, it's clunky, like I don't even...

Yeah, explain it to us.

Can't never do nothing?

Can't never did nothing.

Oh, can't never did nothing.

Like, if you embody negativity as this character called can't...

Oh, not the philosopher kind.

Oh, okay, yeah, yeah.

I thought you were saying that was a judgment based on his body of work.

That was part of my talk.

I just look at, I have everyone get a frisbee and we all just stare at it and we all whisper our dreams into the frisbees.

How long does that take?

Into or onto, really?

Because it's not...

Yeah, that's a great...

There's not a lot of depth to it.

Yeah, if you flip it, it'll hold four beers.

I mean, that's what the guy said at the field.

I was like, you guys drink beers out of frisbees?

And they were like, who's that guy?

So four beers, four 12 ounce beers would be what?

Approximately 62 wishes?

Yeah, probably.

Something like that.

I'm trying to think of the...

That's the beer to wishes ratio.

Yeah, of what it can hold.

Yeah, four beers on a frisbee?

I don't know.

It was just guys talking on the field, so I wouldn't...

Yeah.

Totally.

Was that the only snatch of conversation you remember?

One guy said, Scropehead.

And I thought that was a pretty funny word.

He was making fun of another guy's moped.

And he's like, yo, Gooch, did you ride the Scropehead?

And I was like, I want to know these guys.

Are you still in touch with them?

As a lurker on the Yahoo Groups, that is the extent.

But what happened to...

I assume somebody must have come to your aid when you were struck and paralyzed.

Yeah, everyone was really cool.

A lot of guys went to the bird.

A lot of guys checked to see, they were really intrigued that the bird was frozen.

There was a lot of debate whether, how is that possible?

Some guy, one guy was just like, it can't happen.

And everyone else was like, it did happen.

Especially in Southern California, you really don't...

Yeah.

Hear about that.

But eventually, they were like, what's up with the new kid?

And at a halftime, there's no cell phone service.

Wait, they waited till halftime?

Are you only in that chair because they waited so long?

Wait, there's a halftime in Ultimate Frisbee?

Yeah, better question.

Yeah, you can do it by...

The halftime comes when first team gets to eight.

You play to 15, when you get to eight, everyone just chills out for a minute.

You know, it just happens when it happens.

So it's not a timed sport.

It's when one team gets to eight.

Well, you can play it on a timer, but this is, you know, casual pick up.

So really though, couldn't they have been more attentive to your plight?

I don't have a bad thing to say about those guys.

They handled it how they thought was best.

I was on the sideline.

It was only 30 minutes and then someone, you know, hustled down.

I think it was actually Gooch on a Scroophead that rode down and made a call.

And EMT showed up.

Everything was cool.

But yeah, how long from the injury till EMT showed up?

50-ish minutes, almost an hour, less than an hour, pretty good response time.

Do you think that there was a possibility of retaining your full mobility?

Had they responded sooner, had somebody from any of the players said, wait a second, this guy's, you know, I assume you're whining, crying out in pain, maybe, you know, defecating.

I mean, that kind of thing.

I mean, I guess like if you want to be negative about it, you can look at it in a way like maybe different things happened, but it kind of happened perfectly if you think about it because the game was respected.

And that's kind of what I've hung my hat on, you know?

Like the respect of the game, we played it out, it was supposed to start at one, it was a little after one, and they started it up.

Where's your family in all this?

What do they think of this?

And whatever your ex-girlfriend or ex-wife, I assume somebody left you.

That's usually what happens in this story.

Where are they in all this?

Can I happily say that that did not happen to me?

I was single at the time.

So, put a check mark on that.

Currently still single?

Currently still single.

But looking, what was the question?

Family.

Family, yeah.

My family's been great throughout all this.

Actually, my mom has moved out from Ohio and she's living with me in a one-bedroom apartment out here, just helping me take care of things.

You chose not to go back to Ohio, but rather have her come out to here?

There is no ultimate in Ohio to speak of.

A couple club teams, college teams, but the level of play is just...

That seems like a terrible imposition upon your poor mother to ask her to come out and support you in a state with which she's unfamiliar, simply because you want to support a sport that you've never played.

Or can attend.

But there are certain physical activities that my mom assists me with.

Like what?

My apartment building does not have an elevator.

So, your mother is dragging your wheelchair up the stairs?

What floor do you live on?

The sixth floor.

Oh, man.

And you have not thought to move out, to move...

Does she live in a one-level place back in Ohio?

Yeah.

I mean, what, are you afraid of flying?

I mean, come on.

I am not ready to give up on my dream yet.

And maybe that's, maybe all you guys need to come hear me talk because you don't understand what it's like to have a singular focus in your life.

All right, well.

I gotta say, I don't fault Sam completely in this story because I think your mom, and I've never met her, and it's a speculation, but is being a little blinded by the presumed love of her son and she's weak.

And is there anybody else in your family that can just give her a solid slap?

Well, first of all, I think you're incorrect in assuming my mom is weak.

I mean, she's dragging them up those six flights every day.

Not only physically, I mean, mentally, she's probably super buff now, by now.

Yeah, I think it's actually her quads.

But what's gonna happen when she's frail and she needs to be taken care of?

Well, we'll cross that road when we get to it, I guess.

I mean, I have some siblings and stuff, but my mom is not weak-minded.

Where are they in this?

Uh, my older brother is a physical therapist for disabled people in Florida.

Wait a minute, wait a minute.

Why does he step up here?

He's a physical therapist.

He's, I mean, this is a match made in heaven.

I mean, a shitty heaven, but still heaven.

Why don't you go to Florida then?

And there's gotta be Ultimate Frisbee in Florida.

It's the California of the East.

Yeah, I guess there's a lot of Ultimate there and stuff like that.

I could not live with my brother because he is very dismissive of my dream and my philosophy, to be honest.

He thinks I am being ridiculous.

You are being ridiculous.

You're being also very insensitive to your mother and manipulating her.

I'm not manipulating my mother.

She is very angry about the situation.

Almost every waking moment is full of disagreement between us.

She is expressing herself very clearly.

I'm expressing myself very clearly, and it is super healthy.

This does not sound like a good relationship.

I gotta be honest.

I had no respect for you when you wheeled in here, and I have even less.

Just based on the wheelchair alone.

Well, based on Ultimate Frisbee Advocate, you know, but then I've just, I've lost...

I've gone into a negative area.

Can I talk to you about a concept called Spirit of the Game?

No.

In Ultimate Frisbee, there's a thing called Spirit of the Game, which means even though we may be competitors, okay, we have the utmost respect for each other.

So maybe we're having a dreams battle here.

Maybe my dream and your dream don't coincide, but if you fall down, I'll help you get up because it's the Spirit of the Game.

Wait, you will personally?

Yes.

You're not going to call your mom to come pick me up, and I'm going to have to wait there for your mom to get in her car, go down six flights, come pick me up, then go back, wheel you into the car, wheel you out, wheel you up six flights of stairs.

Well, I mean, I will try to pick you up.

If I can't, we may have to go with the plan B, which was everything you just said.

All right, let's go to a song when we come back.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll have more Ruben Fleischer, more David Cross, more Sam Darling.

We'll be right back when you're feeling low and things have gone astray.

That is Red Balloon featuring David Cross in a duet with Bob Odenkirk.

Give us.

Did I sing on that?

I thought it was just Bob.

No, that's you.

You're going, you got to follow on stuff.

Yeah, I remember distinctly we were all a little wary of Bob singing because he doesn't know how to sing.

What do you call it when you're...

He can sing.

His voice is okay, but he's atonal or whatever that's called when he can't...

He's got a tin ear.

He can't pick up pitch at all.

Right, exactly.

But he really wanted to sing it and we let him.

And then it sounded so... it was kind of perfect.

It's funny in its own way because it's awful, but it's not so awful that that's the joke.

It's just bad.

There is nothing that gives me greater joy than listening to Bob trying to sing.

It's so funny.

He goes for it so hard.

I was remembering that one where he's like a teapot or something in one of the Mr. Show's.

No, the gold tooth.

Yeah.

Yeah, the wrapping thing.

No, there's one where he's like a teapot or...

I don't remember that.

He's got silver face.

Oh no, he's the milk machine.

Milk machine.

Oh yeah, that was great.

That's an incredible song.

Yeah, and now David, you have a great voice.

You've trained in theater and opera, I would imagine.

12 years at the Sorbonne.

So the contrast of your voices is delightful.

Yeah, and ironically, pretty much until Mr. Show, I got very nervous about singing.

Unless I was doing a parody or making fun of something, then I'd sing.

But I get very nervous.

Still, to this day, I get a little...

I don't know why.

I mean, I'm kind of naturally a performer ham kind of thing.

But even like karaoke, it takes me a few drinks, but Bob, on the other hand, will happily go out there and miss-belt a tune.

Sam, you a singer at all?

No, I've never tried.

You want to give it a go now?

Yeah, let's hear what you got.

Can we get some sort of backing track for Sam here and just kind of see what we got?

I guess you guys are putting me through the test here about living the dream.

An ultimate Frisbee player would sing.

I can guarantee that.

Can't never not do it.

Yeah.

You know what we can do, Dustin, is we just moved over to this new studio where we're not going to be able to hear planes anymore.

We could kind of cue up the plane break song and we can all sing it.

Okay, here we go.

This is what usually, any time we hear a plane flying by, we like to cover up the sound of it by playing this song, which is called, Taking a Plane Break.

By who?

By all of us.

We all sing it.

So we can just have Sam here sing it.

Pretty good lick.

Go, Sam.

Okay, so I'll tell you when to start.

And the lyrics are, Taking a Plane Break.

Over and over.

All right, so get ready.

First, you scream, yeah, and then it's Taking a Plane Break.

Is it a long yeah or a short yeah?

It's kind of a long yeah.

And I'll cue you.

Here it comes.

And.

Not bad.

Take it.

No, no, not yet. Here we go.

And.

Taking a Plane Break.

Good job.

Wow, how did it feel?

I might have found a new dream.

That's good.

I might be switching off ultimate to be, what do you call it, a voice warrior?

What's the name of someone who does?

Wait, a voice voyeur?

A voice warrior.

A warrior.

I thought you were going to be a person who just like.

That's probably good news for your mom, maybe.

Yeah.

Because you can certainly do that from Ohio.

I think the music industry is based in California, right?

Yeah, but with the modern technology and the internet.

You can just email files back and forth these days.

You send it the account, you're good.

That's great, buddy.

You should tell your mom when you go back downstairs.

I gotta tell my mom that it's a new life of auditions and.

You could go to Florida too, that's where the Backstreet Boys started, that's where O-Town started, Lou Pearlman, you know, you could go out there and kind of.

And you're probably safe from Lou Pearlman because I don't think he'd go for like a guy in a wheelchair, you're not really.

No, I wouldn't put that past him.

Yeah, but he's older and.

Well, I'm not so much into the boy band scene.

My dream is kind of like the SoCal punk scene.

I think that's going to be my thing.

Can you do like an Offspring Smash Mouth cover band?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You really just seem to go along with.

You seem to embrace your dream.

As long as it takes place in Southern California.

All right, it's time to play a game.

Hopefully you guys can all get in on this.

And in fact, it's mandatory.

It's time to play a little thing we call Would You Rather?

It's quite an imposing intro.

Yeah, it's not over.

Something tells me this is a bit.

Is this Reggie Watts?

Shut up.

Theme's playing.

Have some respect.

Can you cut my part out of it?

I'm just imagining a very slow gladiator during this entire song.

Just slowly making its way.

Hey, Sam.

Shut up.

Okay.

You could use this as another opportunity to sing.

This is a backing track.

You can live your dream of SoCal Punk and gladiator.

All right, here we go.

It's time to play Would You Rather?

We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios at our Twitter, which is CBBWYR, and I'll read them.

And then I will open the floor for questions.

You can ask me any question you like about either scenario to try to narrow down your choice.

Put yourself in the mind of a person in either scenario and ask, well, what if this happens?

What if this happens?

We're answering this for the person who wrote it in or for ourselves?

For yourselves.

Got it.

What you would rather do.

But there's a lot of information that I have that is not in the question that you can ask me about.

All right, here we go.

And there's really no right or wrong, but there will be a winner.

Yes, there will be a winner and you can score points.

America, right?

Yeah.

America.

Who are you playing for, by the way?

These two guys are playing for America.

I'll play for SoCal Ultimate Frisbee.

Okay, wait, so you're still into Ultimate Frisbee?

And voice lessons.

I'll play for my own voice lessons.

Okay, for your own voice lessons.

Here we go.

This is sent to us by camelcakes, camelcakes aka Richard Lindbergh, but camel underscore cakes on Twitter asks, would you rather go back in time and live as Nixon's dingleberry for time in office or get new iPhone before friends and be a real dick about it?

Would you rather go back in time and live as Nixon's dingleberry the entire time he was in office or get a new iPhone before all your friends and be a real dick about it?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Before we start, may I just ask you, you said there's no right or wrong answer, right?

Well, I mean, I'll be judging you on how you play the game.

Because otherwise, how do you assign a winner?

Yeah, I'll be judging your performance.

Go ahead, Sam.

I have one question about the dingleberry.

Sam, yes.

Would you be like a sentient dingleberry?

Like would there or would it be like a brief span?

Did you say sentient?

Yeah, or would it be like a brief span of nothing?

Would it be like turning into stone for six months and then you wake up and you just wake up and you have no memory because the dingleberry has no sense organs or?

That's a great question.

You would be a person, you'd be an anthropomorphic dingleberry.

Oh, because my question was going to be whether, so it's a literal, I mean, I know it's slang, but it's a literal dingleberry.

It's not like the name of a dog or a panther.

Oh, no, no, no.

You would actually literally be one, but you would be anthropomorphic.

You'd have a face, you'd have a little body, you'd have a voice.

Could you talk to Richard Nixon?

Oh, yeah, definitely.

You'd talk to Richard Nixon, you'd give him advice.

Would your survival be guaranteed as a person?

Would you leave as a dingleberry?

Because I feel like once a dingleberry is discovered.

And do you leave once he resigns office?

Is that it?

Or do you have to go in a Ford's?

All right, you want the whole story, here's what happens.

The reason you're there the entire time in office is because the very first day that he has you...

Don't say it like we're children and you're reluctant.

I mean, we don't know.

I thought that was part of the game.

Well, this is part of why we play the game, but I didn't want to have to give you the whole story, but here we are.

We don't have to give us the whole story.

Oh, okay, great, I won't then.

I was kind of excited to hear the story.

You really sound like you knew what you're talking about there.

All right, so here it goes.

So the very first day he sits on you, he goes, oh, I think I have a dingleberry on.

And he rises to go to the bathroom and you say, no, no, no, Mr. Richard Nixon, I've traveled back in time in order to be here and I'm supposed to be here the entire time in office.

And he's amazed at this thing that he sees.

He doesn't have a heart attack?

No, he has a heart attack, but it's a brief, just minor one.

Okay.

He doesn't call anyone for it and he goes, I think that was a heart attack.

I should get that checked out.

So then he talks to you for a little while.

He sits down, has a long conversation with you and you have a lot in common.

You were once president of the dingleberries in the dingleberry states.

And so you have that in common.

So that's another experience we have to have because the dingleberry is us, right?

Yeah. So we've become a dingleberry.

We have to serve a short stint as president of the dingleberries.

You have to go back in time in order to do that.

Are you imbued with the knowledge of everything that came past as you are sent to Richard Nixon's body?

Meaning, are you trying to change the future, in other words?

No, no, no.

Do you have at your disposal the past that you haven't lived because you've gone back in time and now you're attached to Richard Nixon?

But I think what Sam was saying, if you are the president of the dingleberries, you have all that past experience and knowledge.

Are you just imbued with it when you pop on to...

You actually go back in time and serve as the president.

Holy moly.

Yeah. And president of the dingleberry, it's not a four-year term.

It's a 28-year term.

So 28 years goes by and then Richard Nixon gets into office.

So this puts you back in the late...

I'm regretting that we asked to hear this story about the whole...

I want it on record. I want it on record.

I tried to nix this whole thing, ironically.

No pun intended.

I don't have another question. It's more of a concern.

Okay, sure. Sam?

If you are a dingleberry on Richard Nixon, I would try to help the guy change American history and kind of talk him through it.

I'm just worried that from a perspective of a talking dingleberry that only he can hear, I'm assuming, that it would be...

Anyone else could hear you.

From the perspective of a talking dingleberry, I think it would be hard to bring him to more of a rational and trusting of others state.

I don't think you're starting off on a strong foot.

I'm gonna go with that.

I'm gonna be an asshole about the iPhone.

Please don't vote. Please don't vote yet.

Okay.

Now, see, this is the problem, Ruben.

This is how I'm judging you on how you're playing the game.

You're pre-voting.

Right, okay.

Points are being taken off for you right now, okay?

You can't vote now.

Let me ask about the iPod then.

Yes, David. It's an iPhone, but yes.

And could you restate the question?

I get the new iPhone, and I'm a dick about it.

Before all your friends, and you're a real dick about it.

Okay. How many friends do I have?

You have two friends.

Oh, okay.

They're your best friends.

What constitutes being a dick about it?

You're always taking it out and taking calls and pretending to take calls, and you're always showing off apps and its new features.

Why don't they have the new iPhone?

I assume I got it. I spent my own money.

You knew a guy who worked at the Apple store.

I had access before it comes out on the market.

Yeah, he cut you in on a little deal like three days before.

Do they have iPhones, too?

Yeah, they have the most recent one, but not this recent one.

What are the advantages of the new one that the old one doesn't have?

Well, now, I don't know what the new iPhone is going to have.

I'm not in the tech business, but I would imagine, I mean, it'll have some sort of improved camera, more pixels, a great interface, I would imagine.

I mean, you would know more about this than I would, certainly.

Yeah, sure.

So for three days, you're a total dick about it.

Okay, now...

Seems like an easy one.

That's what I was going to say.

You got to narrow down your choice by asking the right questions.

Would it still be AT&T in a two-year contract?

Yeah, that's the problem.

Oh, Dingleberry is suddenly starting to...

Yeah, it's looking better, huh?

Oh, okay. Yeah, 28 years is a...

Now, your sense of smell as a Dingleberry, is that the human sense of smell or a Dingleberry sense of smell?

Great question. It is the human sense of smell, so you're always...

Oh, God. Yeah, you're not digging it.

Especially Richard Nixon.

Are there books or audio books available in a Dingleberry-appropriate player?

Great question. You are able to take your new iPhone back with you.

And it's been shrunk?

It's been shrunk down, and you have a little, some earbuds, and...

This is before the breakup of...

Of AT&T.

The monopoly.

Yeah.

So you'll have AT&T in this.

So it's actually good.

Mm-hmm.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah. So it's a little better service.

Is anybody gonna freak out at the fact that you have a cell phone, especially if you're going back 28 years before he became president, which puts you in the 40s, I imagine?

Somewhere around there, yeah.

Maybe late 30s. People are really gonna freak out.

Well, if they can see you, but you're a Dingleberry, and basically you have a little tiny...

Well, I assume at some point, especially back then, Richard Nixon is working out, going to a... Wasn't he on a football team in Yale or something like that?

Sure.

And he's gonna... But he's gonna end up taking a shower, and there's this animated, talking, I assume, chirpy, colorful Dingleberry.

With a cell phone.

Yeah.

I mean, it's not like you can hide it.

He's a little shocked by the cell phone, but...

But not everybody else. He's in the shower.

Are you forcing Richard Nixon to not shower in public for 30-some-odd years?

He makes that choice, yes. He makes that choice.

Shower, sexual activity.

At what frequency can we assume Richard Nixon's butthole is exposed to public scrutiny?

That's the real crux of it.

That's the real question.

Honestly, he's less concerned about you being the talking Dingleberry than he is about the whole cell phone deal.

I think I've heard enough. I'm gonna go with the iPhone.

Again, you can't vote until I close the... And I'm gonna have to dock you both questions.

Sam, you're in the lead right now. Any last questions before I close the floor?

No, I think we just...

Hold on. Sam still has some questions.

This might open it up a little bit.

Here we go.

Is there any possibility that the new iPhone would cause something terrible to happen to you, like death or something?

Yes, you immediately get cancer from your new iPhone, yeah.

Because it's an early unshielded prototype kind of thing?

Yeah, exactly.

Huge class action suit. You're gonna settle out of court with Apple for roughly...

Well, it's not class action because they catch it before it's released.

So you're the only person who has this phone, so you're the only person.

Yeah, so you have to fight this long battle by yourself.

And then you have to acknowledge to Apple, basically, that you got an unauthorized, unshielded iPhone.

I'll do the iPhone. I'll do the iPhone thing.

Please don't. Again, David, I'm gonna have to dock you some more points.

Sam, any other questions?

iPhone could cause cancer.

It does cause cancer.

It does, absolutely.

Absolutely. Within the three days that you have it.

Wow.

David, how do you like to vote? Do you like to be the...

iPhone.

iPhone?

Yeah.

Really? Even though you die on the fourth day that you have it?

That was never mentioned.

Well, you never asked me the question. This is why you ask questions.

Well, if I'm getting cancer so severely that it kills me in three days...

It's an accelerated form of cancer, yes.

That's fine. Then I'm barely gonna be in pain.

I'd rather do that than spend 30 some odd years next to Nixon's asshole.

Yes.

All right. Okay. All right. So, Sam, how do you like to vote?

I was gonna say iPhone, but the death thing changed my mind a little bit.

Are you scared of death?

Seems like a man like you is stared into the face of death.

And that face is a frozen bird's face.

Well, it's two things. One, it's like I've had my brush and I don't wanna do it again.

Second thing is I don't have a cell phone and I don't really see the need for it.

So those two factors...

Because you don't have just anyone to call or...

Well, I don't know. Is that what people use them for?

Well, they have apps as well.

Okay.

So what are you choosing?

I think just to catch up on my reading list, I'm gonna choose Dingleberry.

Your audiobook reading list.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay, great. Well, what is on your reading list right now?

My audiobook reading list?

There's... Who is that Canadian runner?

There's a Canadian runner book I'm really into.

Okay.

They were talking about it on the...

Yeah, Terry Fox.

They were talking about it on the Yahoo message boards and I was like, I gotta download that.

Not much of a reading list if all that's on it is who's that Canadian runner.

You can have a one item list.

That's still a list.

It's more of a question to yourself.

All right. Reuben, how do you like to vote?

I'm going iPhone.

iPhone, really? Why is that?

I'm just not that interested in spending a lot of time in Richard Nixon's asshole.

Even though you're dead and your family will mourn you and your career will be over, you'll never make...

I really want that.

You'll never make 31 minutes or less?

The sequel. No, yeah, I'm going iPhone.

Going iPhone. All right. Well, let me tally up the points.

First of all, Richard Nixon was the correct answer, but I dock you, David, for voting early.

I dock you, Reuben, for voting twice early.

Sam, even though you voted incorrectly, you have the most points.

You are our winner.

Wait, congratulations.

He voted for Nixon.

I know, he voted for the incorrect answer, but you guys got docked so many points that...

Oh, the correct answer was the iPhone thing.

Yeah, correct answer was iPhone.

But unfortunately, this is how you play the game.

So Sam, you're the winner. How's it feel?

That's awesome. That just teaches us something about sticking with wrong choices.

Yeah.

I guess so. All right, and that is, of course, how we play. Would you rather...

That's great.

All right. What is this from?

Do you want to sing, Sam? Do you want to...

As the winner?

That's here, Sam.

It is, you're right.

Small gladiator?

You're going to be able to get those voice lessons now.

Here. It's very arrhythmic. Here comes the gladiator.

He's very slow.

He's walking in the wrong direction now. Where is he going to go?

We want the fight. We want the fight.

Slow gladiator.

Slow gladiator. It's almost over. You got one last chance to pull this out.

Slow gladiator.

Okay, you were unsuccessful.

I did not pull it out.

You might want to consider narration as opposed to singing.

Was that more narrative?

Yeah.

All right. Well, guys, we're just about at the end of the show.

Well, this has been a delightful waste of time.

That's what the listeners say every week.

We only have one last thing to do, which is, of course, the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs.

Is that it?

Okay. That is by Christopher Fleeger, I believe is how you pronounce that.

If you have your own What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs theme, please go to earwolf.com in our message boards and post it in the appropriate thread, and we'll play them and give you a little shout out.

And so let's go round Robin-style. Reuben, what do you have to plug?

Oh, I guess the most obvious would be 30 Minutes or Less, which comes out this Friday, August 12th.

Very funny movie. And what's next for you? What's your next project?

I'm actually start shooting in four weeks, Gangster Squad, which is a period gangster movie in 1949 Los Angeles. The story of Mickey Cohen, a Jewish gangster, and Sean Penn playing Mickey Cohen, and Josh Brolin, and Ryan Gosling are the two cops that have to bring him down.

Oscar Bates.

Along with the rest of the squad. Michael Pena, Giovanni Ribisi.

Amazing supporting cast. Anthony Mackie. Yeah, it's going to be incredible.

You swinging for the fences on this? Emma Stone. What's that?

Swinging for the fences on this. I hope it's good. I hope people like it.

Yeah. Did you write it as well?

No, I'm not a writer. I just get handed material and then have to figure out what to do with it.

You just go to the corner. Guy comes by.

David, what do we got?

Well, not a lot coming up. Todd Margaret, new season.

Yeah, that's all done, delivered. When's it coming?

It's not going to air until January. Good month for it. People are back from holiday.

They're ready to laugh again. Spent some time with their families. Unpleasant situations. A lot of fights. One thing we are going to do because of the nature of the show is, actually the DVD will be coming out in October of series one, but with loads of info in the commentary about what the clues are, but they're going to run it up to, because it's- Clues of what? Of what's going on.

Oh, I see. Okay. Who's really real and not, and why these things are happening. But yeah, they're going to run it, because it's serialized, they're going to run one, two, three, four, five, six, before they get into seven, and it's over. The story's over at the end of this one.

Really, you're not doing another season? No season three?

It was always meant to be two series, yeah.

Wow, so 12 episodes total.

12 episodes total gets you to the court, gets you to where the countdown starts from the beginning, and then a little bit beyond it, because there's a new cold open that also says 14 days earlier. That's not the court. And then the story is told.

Todd Margaret super fans, you're getting a lot of info here. Hope you're excited.

I will be doing, if you're in the New York area, Eugene Merman's fifth anniversary show at the Bell House, my first stand up in almost two years.

And another Chipmunk movie coming out, you did the Squeakle, is Squeaklegy?

No, this one is Chipwrecked.

Chipwrecked.

Because kids love puns, they love it. But that is certainly something I do not want to plug or spend any time promoting in any way whatsoever.

All right, and moving to you Sam, what do you have to plug?

Gonna go home and do some soul searching. Gotta decide between Ultimate and the new singing possibilities, so thank you for that.

I would like to plug, there's a new podcast you can listen to today, something I did with Harris Whittles called Analyze Fish.

Analyze Fish. Now, we talked about this last time Harris was on the show. He's a big fan of Fish, and I think that is absurd.

Fish the Band or Fish the Band?

Fish the Band.

Yeah, and I could not believe that about him.

Is Harris the guy who does Humblebrag?

Humblebrag, yeah.

Oh god, I love that.

Yeah, he's a writer for Parks and Recreation, a frequent guest on this show, and he starts talking about Fish and I just zone out.

So what we decided would be fun to do is to do a podcast where he tries to get me to like Fish.

And he plays me Fish songs and explains...

Good luck, Harris.

So now, I don't want to spoil anything. If I like Fish by the end of the program, it's an hour, if I like Fish, then that is the only episode that will come out.

And if I do not like Fish, then it will be a continuing series.

Wow.

So, until I do like Fish.

That could be never.

It could be never, but we'll keep putting them out.

The eternal podcast.

Yeah, so that is available today now. Go to earwolf.com or iTunes and analyze Fish is what that is called. And so everyone listen to that.

And thank you so much, guys, for being on the show.

Thank you. Yeah, it was fun.

My pleasure to have you guys. And any last words?

A really good name for a women's ultimate frisbee team is Princess Glee out.

Awesome. All right. We'll see you next week, everyone.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolfradio.com The wolf dead.
