---
layout: page
title: 118. Patton Oswalt, Eddie Pepitone [7272⧸21001].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Coming up on the show today, you may know him as Ratatouille.

You may know him as one of the quickest minds in comedy.

Patton Oswalt is my guest for the entire hour.

We are going to do a comprehensive career retrospective.

All of that coming up on today's.

What's up, everybody?

This is Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to another edition of Comedy Bang Bang.

I believe we're in our episode.

We're in our tweens, just like America or just like the world, just like the Gregorian calendar.

We're in our tweens, a hundred and something, 19 maybe.

And it's a beautiful, hot August afternoon, actually a little balmy.

And I have a very special guest sitting across from me who has some sort of a distemper in his stomach.

It looks like from the from the face he was just making.

Ah, yes, he's pointing at his drink.

You know him as comedian extraordinaire.

He has a new album coming out, I believe we'll talk about.

And he basically we're going to break it down with him all hour.

We're going to talk to him about every facet of his career, from growing up in Virginia to starting out in the San Francisco comedy scene, to his first records, his HBO half hour that he taped with Jeff Garland in San Francisco on the same night to.

And I was in the audience for to then surprise success with Ratatouille becoming a household name, at least Ratatouille is all the way up to his new album.

We're going to cover every, every inch of his career.

Please welcome Patton Oswalt.

Thank you, pod listeners.

I really appreciate it. Thank you, Scott.

Quite welcome.

I you know, it's it's not a an introduction I give to everyone.

No. Oh, are you kidding?

Most people, it's just like a point that right there at your.

Oh, yeah, these are a little directional.

They're not unidirectional, I have to say.

So when when I was speaking, there was like a weird echo on it when I talked before.

When it was pointing at my throat, we were just getting your sound vibrations.

From your throat.

It's like those old Bombardier throat mics from from World War Two.

I'm approaching the anecdote, approaching the anecdote and releasing.

Oh, yeah. Keep going with that.

No. OK, we have overshot the anecdote.

We were spinning around again, getting a lot of flack.

Hello, Hotel India, Uniform X-Ray, please acknowledge.

All right, I'm going to do this interview unconventionally.

OK, now, now, wait a minute.

Listeners, fear not.

We're going to touch every single part of his career.

We're going to go year by year.

I'm going to sit reverse in my chair like Jennifer Buehls and Flash Dance for this, because I'm going to be unconventional.

Here we go. OK.

What I'm going to do is I'm going to skip around years.

OK, we're going to talk about just certain years in your life.

OK, so we're going to start with this year because I want to I want to talk about your new record.

Two thousand and eleven.

Two thousand and well, or according to Louis C.K.

Two thousand and eleven. You don't need to put the and in there.

So two thousand and eleven. Yes.

You have a new record coming out.

I just saw you tweet the I saw you tweet the album cover.

Tweet the cover.

Patton, tweet the cover.

Yeah, that's a that that doesn't that sound like drug slang.

Confirmation on cover.

Hey, we got it.

Is Patton going to tweet the cover on this?

Patton, tweet the cover. No. All right.

Motherfucker didn't tweet the cover. Patton, tweet the cover.

Motherfucker. Yeah.

Yeah, I the the album comes out September 20th.

But the special that I tape, which is my latest one and the first special I ever taped, the very first image is you walking into the theater. It is. Yes.

I don't remember that. Yes.

It's it's the one in San Francisco and you and BJ are walking in.

And then two and then the two girls we were hanging out with. Yes.

And then the camera pans up.

And then I come kind of scooting out in the distance.

That's right, because we kind of showed up and we're like, hey, we're here to see your special.

And we knew each other a little bit. Yeah.

What year is this? Ninety six. Ninety.

It was ninety seven. Ninety seven.

OK, so we'd known each other for a couple of years.

But I think we had we just kind of came up and surprised you maybe and said, hey, we're here to see your show.

And you were very nice enough to go, hey, get in the shot.

Yeah. Well, I was so happy to have know that I had friends in the audience that it actually made the trip because I was so nervous.

I was still very nervous in my head that it was not going to go well.

I just I was thinking of every disaster.

And then I said, OK, that'll be my good luck charm is these guys walking.

Like two funny guys that I like are walking in to see me.

And it was almost like my statement to the viewer, like, well, these guys like it.

So so fuck off. Fuck you.

Yeah, I don't care.

You don't have to be so defensive at the beginning of your special.

I that was that was my I just remember that I I ran that special.

I ran that half hour obsessively for like three months before I shot it.

And to the point where the Wednesday before the Wednesday, it was Wednesday.

I was running it and then I was going to do the special Friday.

So I went up Wednesday night, the punchline, and I literally it made I did the half hour and it came out as gobbledygook.

It didn't even make sense because I had been saying it so many nights over and over again.

So you weren't connected to your material, you mean?

No, it just was like a bunch of random sounds to me.

And it didn't. And they showed me the tape of that night.

And you could tell you could tell that the inflection was suddenly off because I wasn't hearing words in my head anymore. Right.

And so the director, Bless His Soul, said, here's what I want you to do tomorrow night.

Go out, have dinner, go see a movie, forget you're doing the special.

And then Friday come in and it will all come rushing back.

And you'll be almost like trying to remember it while you're doing it instead of just performing like a Shakespearean recitation.

It'll just come to you as you're up there.

And it was it made that special really good. Oh, that's great.

So that's my advice to anyone recording an album that I've done that ever since. That's a small, small group.

Yeah. That you're talking to right now.

Yeah. To the to the to every American recording an album.

And we all know it's happening in 2012.

It's we've seen the economy. Everyone's got to put an album out.

It's the only way to make money these days.

Everyone's going, brother, can you spare a download?

It's like that new Justin Timberlake movie where time is currency.

Everyone's album will be currency.

Oh, I haven't seen that trailer yet. What?

Everyone has. I don't know. I don't want to go into it.

OK. Look it up on YouTube yourself.

Why waste time talking about a movie that no one's going to see?

I love how you're literally starting to answer the question.

It's just. Oh, God.

You know, what's interesting about that night of your special is you taped it back to back with Jeff Garland.

I think Jeff went after you. After me. And Jeff thought that we were there to see him.

So ever since then, I didn't really know him all that well. Right.

But he like waved at us and came up and was like, oh, my God, you came to see my special.

It's so amazing. And I did not do anything to, you know, persuade him otherwise.

And ever it started a friendship, I think, of him like liking me personally, all based on a lie that culminated in my Curb Your Enthusiasm episode recently that, you know, and it took 14 years, but it fucking paid off.

Did you did you finally drop the penny at the catering table afterward?

Jeff, come here.

Now, now that now that I'm now that I'm show wrapped and they can't go back and shoot me out, let me tell you something.

Was there for Pat?

Yeah, not there for you.

All right. All right.

No, what I honestly do ever since that day, whenever he'd see me, he would brighten up and be like, hey, there's that guy.

So you were nice. That's nice.

It actually is nice.

And I saw him the other day and we had a really nice conversation.

And he had a little knowledge.

He did the thing he needed to learn.

All right. But let's let's that was your first one.

That's 97. Let's go back to now.

Your new album is called Let's I'm sorry.

Let's go back to now.

Yeah, that's what it's called.

Oh, I like that.

Damn, that that would be a good how about let's go back to patent.

Let's go back to patent.

Yeah, I I shot it up in Seattle at the at the Moore Theatre.

It was one of those things where I'm going to do a new album.

Does anyone want to make a special out of it?

And we kind of shopped it around a little bit.

Is that your advice to people making albums is first say, does anyone want to make a special out of it?

You know what? Why not?

What's the worst thing to say? No, you just hey, does somebody want to film this?

Because I mean, the thing that that I keep forgetting is it is it's 2011.

It doesn't cost a lot of money to shoot things anymore.

Right. So it's not that's not a weird restrictive.

Hey, we've made a huge decision to film your thing and put it on TV.

That that's not a giant hurdle anymore.

So you may as well. You got their cameras.

That's it. It's showbiz speak for cameras.

Oh, how many cams you threw me?

I thought you meant like there was someone named Cam that I would I know.

I know, I know. You got to have like so many cams.

It's variety speak.

I think we had I think it was a three camera thing and three cams.

I know there was I know there was a thing on a on a crane that was zipping around.

A jib, they call that. OK, a jib.

Mm hmm. I just I I just I use the I do realize at this stage of my career, I use the word thingy a lot when I'm describing tech.

Well, it's you know, we're all getting older.

You're getting closer to dementia.

Yeah. That's why you have to do crossword puzzles every day.

Oh, man. I OK.

Here's how here's how dumb I am.

Not until recently did I know that the New York Times crossword puzzle, the Monday one is super easy and the Friday one is near impossible.

I just thought it was really and I hadn't done a crossword in years.

So I was on a when I was doing a the publicity tour for Ratatouille.

We were all in an airport.

Me and Brad Bird and Jeanine and Ratatouille in his little cage.

And so I I said, hey, is there like a cross?

Because there's nothing to do. We're just sitting there.

And it was Monday and they gave me the crossword and I just blazed through it.

And then I was doing that really douchey thing where I was trying to get people.

Hey, if anyone wants to read the paper, I'm done with like I wanted to know how quickly I did it.

Like and no one's paying attention to me because they know.

And then we we kept traveling for a few days.

And then Friday, we had another like downtime in an airport.

It's like, anyone got the crossword?

It's like, I'm going to just blow these guys away again.

And I I literally felt like filled in like one down, you know, it was like bridge over the river blank.

And oh, OK, OK, I can build from this and just nothing.

It was so pathetic through the paper in the trash.

So no one else could see it.

And they're like, hey, can I read that? No. Crosswords broken.

I was embarrassing.

We never got to hear what your album is called, though.

What is it called now? It is called Finest Hour, Finest Hour.

And that is because the show is an hour.

It's an hour. And it's my finest stuff to date.

And it's the stuff I'm most happy with.

Is the special called Finest Hour as well? Yes.

And what network can people see that on?

They can see that on on the Showtime Entertainment Network.

Doing some great stand up specials lately.

Very great. Very great.

Well, I'm going to assume yes.

A little shout out to them.

That's Monday night, September 5th at 10 o'clock.

So when you're done traveling for Labor Day and you're home and you're wiped out, it's time to take your pants off, make a pizza, make a pizza in the pants that you just took off.

Yep. Get that wood brick oven.

Make a pan pizza.

What you do is you tie up the cuffs, seal them, throw all your ingredients in the legs, put that in.

Put some mozzarella cheese in there.

You got a nice little pan scale zone.

Zip it up in the oven.

You got it. Oh, you don't zip up that fly.

A little X, Y, Z, P, D, Q.

Well, it won't it won't cook evenly.

And it's just gross.

All right, let's let's pick another random year out of the out of the the bowl of years. Yeah, OK.

So let me let me go back now to a year.

OK, I imagine you would just be starting out and it would be 88, 1988.

Excuse me. Excuse me, gentlemen.

Gentlemen. Sorry, Patton.

Oh, no, I'm sorry.

It's this isn't Millie's Diner, is it?

Um, you know what?

Sorry, is this a friend of yours, Patton?

No, I thought he was.

I'm looking for a Millie's Diner.

Gentlemen, I'm sorry.

Is there a cake? No, is it?

Where are we?

Well, you're where I tell him.

This is your Wolf Studios.

You are our new studio.

We are. Do you have cake?

In this.

I'm going to I'm just going to answer for you, Scott.

I can assume. No, it's just it's a recording studio.

Oh, boy, this is embarrassing.

Jesus, I got the wrong.

Oh, oh, you're right.

You're right, man. Directions.

Where I'm sorry, sir, what are you trying to find?

Millie's, you say?

Yes, I am.

I have no idea where that is.

I know. I mean, there is isn't there a Millie's down in Silver Lake, but we're not anywhere near that.

Yeah, we're in the heart of Hollywood.

Yeah. Oh, wow.

Sir. OK. OK.

Well, could you grab this roll of slab here?

Just let me put it over here, guys.

I'm going to lay my cards on the table here.

You mind if I sit?

Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, yeah.

Wow. God, I'm I'm I'm a diner marshal and I'm sorry.

Say that again. I'm a diner marshal and I'm I'm stationed in any diner in the country that might have terrorist activity.

And we were back back up here.

Yes, I can. You're a you're a diner.

I've heard of a Dustin marshal, but a diner marshal.

Well, you have you heard of air marshals?

Oh, an air. Oh, like an airplane.

Like they go on planes undercover.

We look for the bastards who are trying to take us down.

And there's also bastards in diners.

You know, we're looking for different terrorists.

And so I've been I'm one of three guys stationed across the country looking for Taliban, et cetera, and diners.

And I'm sorry.

But it's OK, if you want to just lean back there.

Is there a lot of is there a lot of terrorist activity in diners?

Because I haven't read about this.

I know there's there's a chatter.

Could you please try not to do that right into the microphone?

OK, yeah. They say we're recording a show.

Yeah. Are you? Yeah.

This is a this is a program.

It's a podcast.

This is this is a studio where we record podcasts.

And so these these things, this thing you're talking to is a microphone and it amplifies the disgusting noises you're making.

Oh, I'm sorry.

My daughter turns me on to what pod.

Oh, no. Let him finish.

Scott, I don't like that's what you guys are like.

Well, no, I know. I know.

I've heard about your quick wits and stuff.

You've heard of this.

Went through my daughter.

She keeps me, you know.

I'm sorry. Since I've been stationed at diners, I I've gained about 650 pounds.

I didn't want to say anything, but you're you seem to be like 800 pounds.

Yeah, I'm 950.

Well, so you were a 200 pound man.

I was a 200 pound man, but still active.

And then I got this gig as a diner marshal.

And I mean, I love I love the food, but it's it's so, so, so heavy.

I don't understand what kind of threats to terrorists hold in a diner.

Well, that's the thing.

You know, terrorists have to eat, et cetera.

And they're not, you know, so they come that we think.

And by we, I mean, the U.S.

government thinks that they must come into diners.

We have not had any incidents yet because they don't get a lot of home cooked meals.

Why specifically would they go to diners?

I mean, there's so many different kinds of restaurants.

Don't you don't you love the camaraderie?

You sit, you read a paper, you sit and read a paper.

And they also do the crossword puzzle.

Well, they do the puzzle on a Monday.

Yeah.

I don't know what you're talking about.

The papers you weren't in the room earlier.

So you would have no idea what we're talking about.

But but what was the initial was there ever an initial threat that made the government say, OK, we've got it because you keep saying you're stationed.

So yeah, I'd never heard about any kind of attack at diners or.

Well, have you heard of the term God vigilance?

Well, yeah, of course.

You're right.

Well, we want to just be vigilant.

And we think that Al Qaeda may strike or or whatever.

Now, Taliban just, you know, all those you don't even really know the technical term for thing is thing.

Oh, we weren't in that room.

No, no, but it's it's a terrorist thing is, you know, and cells.

I'm sorry.

I always forget cells because I mix it up.

My daughter, she tells me about cells.

But anyway, daughter is a lot of varied interests.

Yeah. Podcasts, cells, cell phones.

But anyway. Oh, OK.

So the government was thinking, hey, they're going to stop in and they're going to get food and, you know, because a lot of diners, they run specials every day.

And who doesn't love that kind of thing?

Like they'll have one day.

Yes. Now you're thinking like a government agent or like a terrorist or like a terrorist.

But and I want to make generalizations if a lot of these guys.

You look familiar, by the way.

Oh, this is Patton Oswald.

Weren't you? Weren't you the voice of one of the cars?

Well, mader.

No, I was not made.

That was that was another comedian.

I was the voice of the rat in Ratatouille, which is about the rat that likes all the food.

And that dovetails into what I'm talking about.

We're about food and you and you know.

But are you specifically about food?

I mean, you just said vigilance, but now you're eating all this food.

You see, that's the problem.

I now am sick of all this food.

Like I have a lot of problems now.

That's what I was going to say.

Put it on the way.

But I still love the shakes and I still love it.

You have the shakes.

Do you have like diabetes or something?

Now I do. Yeah.

Now I do.

I'm just saying, because I know because my grandfather, those are diabetic socks you have on.

Yeah. Yeah, I can see those.

Everything is diabetic. These are diabetic pants.

I have diabetic t-shirts now.

And my gun that I kill people with, you know, the terrorists.

Is a diabetic gun, which means when I pull the trigger, I get an injection of insulin.

Insulin injection.

So it's like a little incentive to pull the trigger.

It keeps me alive.

So I'll just shoot it into the ceiling because we have not had any Taliban or whatever you call these other people, right?

Storm, they're trying to storm the palace, a metaphor.

OK, but now if you're, how long is a shift?

If you're stationed in a diner.

24 hours.

You're there 24 hours.

Well, diners are open 24 hours.

I know that, but I mean, you would think they would have different teams of guys that would go in.

There's only three of us and we have to cover the whole nation.

You know, I gained 100 pounds in a diner in Green Bay, Wisconsin.

Just in one diner.

Yes. The cheeseheads.

And there was not even a hint of Taliban.

Not even a hint.

Or the other people, the Afghanis.

I don't know who they are.

Has anyone ever seen any hint of Taliban?

You know, there was this one incident where I was in northern, I think Maine it was, and a beautiful diner.

They served nothing but fried fish.

And then it was. I bet it's fresh, too.

Yeah, I mean, it's Maine.

Yes. Very. I'm sorry.

I get hyperventilating when I think of that.

Your neck got really red there. It was weird.

Can you just shoot the gun into my neck?

No, I don't know.

But there's three of us and we have to cover the whole country.

And we thought there might have been a Taliban one time in this northern Maine diner.

OK, then what led you to believe, what information were you acting on that you're like, OK, there is a Taliban in this diner in North Maine?

What was the thing that made you go, we got to go there because?

Because we have a central office.

OK, and that central office is located at the southern tip of the United States, Tampa, and they we get we get all kinds of tips.

And the tips is that why it's located at the southern tip?

Oh, it's Scott, please.

Please. God, you guys.

I guess that's what you do.

Mental gymnastics, your daughter probably talked about this.

Yeah. Yeah.

Your daughter is going to love this.

This is what you call the podcast.

Yeah. Yeah.

Your podcasting.

So so you got a tip.

Yeah, we got a tip.

We got a tip from our own.

You sounded like someone else there for a second.

He got excited. I mean, this is his job, Scott.

I don't like this friend I have. Anyway, go ahead.

We got I get electrical jolts also sent through me from Central.

Oh, wow.

Because all of us are up to like nine hundred nine hundred fifty pounds.

And we all have to have electricity sent through us just to kind of keep the blood going. It's a very sedentary life.

Yeah. You've been to diners, right?

Sure. We all have.

I can't say that there would be anyone in the United States who has not been to a diner at least once.

Yeah. Even even a visiting terrorist would, especially one that wants to blend in.

They must be. You know what?

I'm starting to realize anyway, the tip was from a guy named Billy.

And he said he thinks that somebody is coming into this particular diner.

He's a and he turns out to be just a local lunatic.

And we get a lot of that in this kind of business.

You guys must get that.

Do you get followed by like local lunatics wandering in?

And yes, yes.

Yeah, we get that occasionally.

What? But now when you're sitting there, do you have to eat the whole time?

Can't you just have a breakfast, a lunch and a dinner?

That's the thing. That's the thing is that if you are not eating these bastards who are trying to take us down and destroy our way alive, they're going to see that and go, hold it.

This guy isn't eating and he's got a gun in front of him.

I always put my gun now in front of me.

That would I would say that would be the tip off.

More than a tip off.

Hey, I didn't want to do that.

But when I when I first started, I was able to reach for it.

And now I got to have it right there.

But, you know, I eat with the gun, actually.

What? Like as a utensil?

You use it. I know.

I pick things up with you could jab at mashed potatoes and it sticks on the end of the gun.

That would just seem I'm sorry.

That seems very dangerous.

It is. So you're you're literally putting a gun in your mouth 30 times in a row to have mashed potatoes. I can't reach for anything.

Is the safety on or?

The safety is on.

But, you know, like everything in life, sometimes you forget, you know.

I'm just saying I met an air marshal once and he was.

That was one of my brothers.

Oh, yes. Well, obviously.

But he was. Did you try to give him the paper?

I didn't know. I did not try to give him the paper.

What are you talking?

Must be what you call these guys call the call back.

How do you know the term?

My daughter tells me she says, watch for callbacks if you ever happen to wander into a podcast.

Did she tip you off to this show?

Not at all. Not at all.

That seems an odd contingency to prep you for.

She is a very thorough, thorough daughter.

Like she knows that I don't get out much besides these diners.

So every day she'll go over 10 things with me.

And luckily, one of them was if you happen to wander into a podcast.

Well, talk about your air marshal story.

You met an air marshal and what happened?

Well, I'm just saying that he said there are three gun rigs than an air marshal can have.

You can have the shoulder holster.

You can have an ankle holster, which they then he told me they say you guys couldn't use them anymore because you're not supposed to take your eye off the target to go get the gun.

So now they all wear something and I'm not making this up.

I'm sure you can confirm this.

Is this secret information?

No, no, it's a thing that told you this.

Is this celebrity information?

Like I'll tell a celebrity, but the public isn't supposed to know.

Was he tipsy drinking? Was it a bar?

No, we were on a plane.

We were on a plane.

He sat next to me and was talking and there's a rig called Thunder Pants.

And it is a holster built into, you know, and it don't do it into the underwear, the front of the underwear.

You just kind of lift your shirt up and take the gun out.

It also gets you a lot of girls because you look.

When you have that in the front, it's every a lot of the girls would be like, oh, oh, he's got a gun.

And you're speaking from experience.

I mean, is there a lot of temptation in this job?

Like if you're used to be what happened, dried up.

Well, for me now, I think they look at me and go, Jesus Christ.

This is just a ball of.

Horrific humanity.

I mean, how do you pick up a girl at 950?

You know, when you're jabbing, they see mashed potatoes at the end of a gun.

They're not going to be like, let's go out to the theater or let's, you know, draw whatever people do now.

They draw. I don't know.

I don't know about drawing.

What I thought people, if you're attracted to someone, you go, hey, you want to draw something. I don't know.

I haven't been out for a day. Just draw.

I love I used to love to draw.

Was there were there hookups early on in the post?

I mean, I'm just saying, I don't know about the quality of.

Are you married? I mean, we haven't talked about that.

You have a daughter. Yes, I have a daughter.

My wife left me when I hit 690.

She stayed all the way up to that.

Wow. That's stayed up to.

She actually made a woman. Yeah, she made a chart.

And she said, when you go past 690, I'm leaving.

And I did one number on that chart.

Yes. And I didn't want to go past 690.

But, you know, they have specials at these places.

Yeah. And they're terrific.

Did you have the chart with you when you were having the what was the bite of food?

You're like, you know what? I'm going over.

There's no I'm crossing the line.

Do you remember the moment?

Yes, I think it was just a very light custard.

And I didn't think I would go over the number because it was light.

But, you know, what put me over, they put goddamn whipped cream.

Oh, yeah, that's a secret thing that a lot of people don't think about when they say whipped cream, you always say no.

Oh, really? I said yes, because I just love the looks of it.

Are you on the honor system or you immediately called your wife and said, what's her name? Immediately.

He's a he's a government agent.

I mean, he's he's dedicated.

Joanne and he said, Joanne looks like Joanne.

I'm six ninety point three, whatever I was, because she gives me a little scale the way myself and I'll and I just put myself on it.

And yeah, I was six ninety three.

Hmm. What did she say?

She said, goodbye, Al. Goodbye.

Oh, that's your name. Is that your real name?

Can you use your real name or is that I really can't use my real name?

Let's call me out for purposes of your show and a great Paul Simon song.

So that's all for the purposes of our show.

What should your last name be?

Just a Stevens, I guess.

OK, Al Stevens sounds sounds good.

And what is your real last name?

Bob Johnson is my home.

Scott, Jesus, I felt God.

Yeah. Are you know how you guys are quick, you know?

I maybe you don't know this.

This is happening.

We're kind of seeing this.

But sometimes when you blink, you blink for like it looks like six or seven seconds.

Are there like sleep apnea problems with that?

Or is that some sort of code?

Or is it a code? Yeah, I don't know what it's weird.

We don't know what the code is.

If you're trying to communicate, I not have brought it up.

I don't know. But it was pattern.

Maybe there's like a terrorist outside the door and he's going to communicate in Morse code to us that there's that.

You ever think about that?

Like, do you do you read Morse code?

Wait, he's blinking again.

Wait a minute. Maybe this is your hang on.

This is a hang on.

This is going to maybe I'm getting to a little born identity with this.

But what if this is he's been doing the diner thing and now they got tips, the terrorists are infiltrating podcasts.

And this is his way of like, oh, come on.

I'll try to, you know, joust with the comedians and they'll draw someone out.

Is that what's going on?

Are you talking about me?

Sorry, we lowered our voice.

I know it's hard to hear us.

But yeah, you gentlemen are not Taliban or anything like that.

Oh, you don't have sympathies with that way of life, do you?

I mean, I mean, like you can't judge another person until you've really lived in their shoes.

You know? No, no, no, no, no.

You judge these people and you take them out.

That's how we are trained.

I do really love a lot of the kebabs, though, I will say.

Yeah. And stuff.

That's a no.

If I could move now, I'd throw you up against the wall and totally for kebabs, just for saying I like kebabs.

No, I understand that is universally loved.

And I've had several thousand of them.

There must have been a special.

Yeah, there must have been a kebab special.

They do that. And that, by the way, when that kind of special is run, we are in what you call orange alert.

Oh, never red, but orange.

So when you see a kebab on the special, that's when you get extra vigilant.

And then do you like see who's ordering those kebabs and kind of inspect them first or are you just on constant?

Oh, I'll be eating, you know, I'll be eating.

But whenever I look up, I will look around and see if anyone is looking suspicious or if there's any kind of.

You just said whenever you look up, how often would that be?

Not very often.

Yeah, because that's that would seem to kind of.

Your eyelids seem very heavy.

I thought what I originally thought was Morse code is actually I don't feel well.

Well, you know what I mean?

I just don't feel it would just seem to cancel that it defeats the purpose of you being in a diner as a diner martial.

If you're barely looking up from your plate of food.

Well, I definitely am sort of at the end of my career, I think.

You know what I mean?

I honestly how old are you?

I'm 31.

Yeah, that's that seems.

I also noticed that you both of your I didn't want to mention this, but both of your legs have been cut off at the knee.

Well, that's diabetes for you.

Yeah. When did at what stage did that happen?

That happened about 719 pounds.

Your wife had just left you.

She had left me a lot.

Still fresh. Yeah.

It was 29 pounds ago.

Right. And I gained that per week.

Yeah. So like a week later, all of a sudden, your legs are cut off.

And they were cut off.

Did you wish that you had the moral support of your wife at that moment?

I wish I had any support.

Well, it's a little bit more than that.

You're doing well on this show.

You know what? This might be good for me.

Well, let me give you my real name.

No, it's Derek.

Oh, God.

Wait, was the Bob one?

Yeah, that one I just came up with.

It's like when a stripper gives you their real name, their quote unquote real name.

That was quick thinking.

I'm starting to loosen up right now.

Can I promote anything on this?

Please do.

What do you have to promote?

We usually save them until the end of the show.

But go ahead right now.

I was just going to say I have one YouTube video where I am petting a little turtle.

And I just want everybody to try to Google 900 pound man petting turtle.

And you will see me.

Is that the one? I think I've seen a 900 pound man squashes turtle.

Well, come on, don't ruin it.

All right.

My real name is just Derek. Derek exclamation point.

Derek, Patton, why don't we take a little break?

Because this interview with Patton got wildly off track.

But let's go to a song.

And when we come back, we'll have more with I don't know what to call you.

Derek, Bob, Al, a little more Patton.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be right back.

I'm glad you hurt your hand.

Stop it.

I'm glad you hurt your hand and I'm glad you hurt your hand.

Leave me alone.

I'm glad you hurt your hand.

Stop it.

I'm glad you hurt your hand.

I'm singing in this band.

I hate you.

Because you hurt your hand.

I'm glad you hurt your hand!

My hand really hurts!

I'm singing in this band.

Stop it sir!

I'm glad you hurt your hand.

Stop it.

I'm glad you hurt your hand.

I hate you.

Shut up.

I hate you.

You're ruining my team.

Stop it.

Ah, company bang bang and that is Brian Posain and Steve Agee from the Sarah Silverman program.

I'm glad you hurt your hand and we are sort of in the middle of a career retrospective of Patton Oswalt. I mean, we can go back to that if you want.

You know, as I do have some stuff I really wanted to say, but I'm actually weirdly fascinated with our guests now. Do you mind if I ask some more questions?

Yeah, yeah, no, be my guest. I mean, you know, we have an open door policy here at Earwoolf, and just because we change studios doesn't change that policy.

No, not at all.

We could have. We very well could have.

Tell the listeners who we're speaking to again, just get them up to speed.

Yeah, well, for those of you listening on a podcast, of course you already know, but maybe you're listening to this on the radio, and this is Al Stevens is one of his names, or aka Bob, aka Derek. He is a diner marshal.

Right. I protect our country from elements that are trying to destroy it in diners.

Yeah.

And you've been in your UA now, how much?

Nine hundred and eighteen, between nine eighteen and nine fifty. It varies every couple of minutes.

Wow.

What's going on in your body that you're metabolizing certain proteins?

Once you hit over nine hundred pounds, there's a certain kind of, I don't know if it's a rip tear in the universe or something, where the weight, no, you really.

It just opens up a black hole or something?

It opens up some kind of thing where your weight can vary by 20, 30 pounds each minute, and it has to do with density and where the earth is in relation to.

Is that why they don't make scales for things that big?

That's correct. There's no point.

It's like I heard yesterday how Final Draft, the screenwriter.

What is that?

If you're a screenwriter and you're writing a script, it can't, if you do a script over 170 pages or something, it erases your whole script because no one is supposed to write something that long. That's kind of presumptuous, I mean.

Yeah, I know.

Showa was a six hour movie. Did you see Showa?

Poor character. Did you see Showa?

I have to watch Showa as part of.

It's part of what?

It's part of orientation and it's and it doesn't have to do with the subject matter, which is the French betraying the Jews.

Get you used to sitting in one place for a long time.

Correct. Terrific. You guys, boy, this industry, the comedy industry is, I guess you guys have to know a little bit about everything.

Is that what? We have to be students of life.

Yeah, it helps.

Students of life.

That's what Patton's, I mean, in getting back.

Do you fuck your teachers?

Come on, man, come on.

Oh, you okay?

That, please don't laugh or.

Your face got purple there. You okay?

All right.

I'm not supposed to show any emotion because of the weight and the job.

Okay. Oh yeah, that's right, because you've got to be like really.

Patton, what did you want to ask?

Well, it's been kind of bugging me a little bit.

I'm going to give you a date right now.

What's bugging you?

Well, May 1st, 2011. You're watching TV like we all were.

Obama comes out. Bin Laden's dead.

Now, how did you feel? A, where were you?

I remember I was at home. It was like, I think it was six or seven o'clock here on the West Coast.

Yeah, I remember I was in the middle of.

What TV show were you in the middle of?

I actually, I wasn't watching, but I know that didn't interrupt like the Celebrity Apprentice or something like that.

Yeah. Yeah.

Bummer time at my house.

I just got like someone text me like, go turn on the TV.

Something big's going down.

Yeah.

So where were you?

I will never, as long as I live.

Wait, again, not right into the microphone if you could.

Sorry.

A lot of people don't even like to hear gum chewing in microphones.

They certainly don't like to hear your intestinal difficulties.

Please, again, you're doing it right in there.

Yeah.

Oh, and when you move it away from mouth, don't move it down towards your stomach.

That actually is.

Yeah.

It's even louder.

Yeah.

All right.

Thank you.

I will never forget where I was the day that we finally took that animal out.

And I don't remember where it was.

Wait, you just said you just said you would never forget.

Right.

I mean, that's what I feel like, you know.

I feel like I would never forget, but I have forgotten.

Oh.

I have, it was a diner.

You were at a diner.

And I'll tell you, after a while, no matter what kind of knickknacks they have up, and it's usually like a lot of neon, like, oh, and posters of football.

Bud Light signs.

Depending on the season, posters of, you know, football come and watch the game with us.

Basketball, I would imagine.

But.

They all blend together, is that what you're saying?

They all blend together.

So I'll never forget where I was, but I don't remember.

Wow.

But it did change things.

How did the job change?

Well, what it did is that we relaxed a little bit.

I was able to eat a little more carefree.

You know what I mean?

Like I used to eat there.

No, when you're eating with vigilance, it's never, it's never that enjoyable.

Sir, sir.

Wow.

You know, it's never that enjoyable.

But once, once that animal, I won't even say who, who his name.

Right.

Do you remember his name?

No, I don't remember.

When you take in as much sugar.

Yeah.

And fat and just grease.

Has it affected your brain somehow?

Of course it has.

The brain is an organ that needs, you know, good, good healthy.

Diners don't have a lot of fresh.

Vegetables.

I would know.

No, they're all there.

When was the last time you ate a vegetable?

Oh God.

I think the day we got been line.

Oh, you celebrated by having a vegetable.

I said, give me something fresh.

That I do remember.

You've earned it.

And it did, it tasted strange because it didn't have like.

Breading.

There was no gravy or.

I love gravy now.

You know, I bathe and this is probably an image that no one's going to enjoy, but I bathe in, in Turkey gravy.

What does that help you to blend into the diner?

Do you think?

I think so.

Is it like when hunters cover themselves in deer urine?

Oh, that's a terrific, uh, again, comedians who know it's terrific.

Well, it's a little lower fat than beef gravy too.

What's that?

A little lower fat than beef gravy.

Yes.

I'm always watching calories.

Yep.

Watching them go up, up, up.

That is correct.

And now I've had other people leave me.

Now my daughter is threatening to leave me if I pass 1500.

She's given me 1500.

Oh, so another 500 pounds.

Did she make a chart for you?

Do you have a chart too?

Another chart.

A pie chart.

Did you say?

No, I said.

I love pie.

Pie is something.

But you get whipped cream on it.

I love pie.

Now, how did you, Scott was running about your career before you were, before you were assigned to be a diner marshal.

Were you a government agent before?

What made your superiors go, this is the guy, like this is the guy for this assignment?

Right.

Well, I think they, they knew I was because I was a guy who was always talking about food, you know, because I love food.

Sure.

Yeah.

You know, and now I don't love it that much anymore.

Really?

Well, I love, I love the taste of it for the first, I would say at this point, the first five seconds or so.

Sure.

And then I don't feel well.

And then it's just like, But it sounds like, it seems like you finish everything you start eating, even if you.

I have to, because like I said, you know, the terrorists, these bastards were trying to take us down.

If you don't eat everything.

They're trying to turn us into these people who don't have freedom, you know, and I love that word freedom.

We keep talking about that word at the office.

Oh, at the office.

Yeah, I was going to say we hadn't mentioned it.

Yeah, it's a, it's a catch phrase for every, freedom, you know.

Freedom is a catch phrase.

It's or a catch is catch can, you mean for, for.

Catch of the day.

I love catch of the day, by the way.

Yeah.

I kind of led you into that, but.

It's a little free association game.

Yeah.

So I was in an elite unit, Navy, we were Navy SEAL.

I was part of a Navy SEAL unit when I was very thin.

Yeah.

I was about 110 pounds.

You were a Navy SEAL.

Wait, 110 pound Navy SEAL.

Yes.

He's not very tall.

So that would be, that was probably a lot of lean muscle.

I was a cat.

I was a Lynx.

I don't know what kind of names you want to use for it.

So it's your podcast, but I was so tightly, I was a specimen.

You know, I could have been any kind, I could have been in any, in any sport, but the four majors.

I could have been in any sport, but the four majors.

Any, any other, what are the four majors?

We got football, baseball, basketball.

I have no idea.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

I say these things, but then they leave me.

You seem to generalize a lot for someone who's like an agent that should be very specific about.

Yeah, you don't seem like a detail oriented person.

And you would think.

No, I used to file reports.

Oh, you don't anymore?

I can't, I can't write anymore with the diabetes and.

What were your reports like before?

Were they more like restaurant reviews or?

Well, I did that on the side.

I started contributing to Zagat's.

Zagat's has a little bit of a diner guide and I started contributing, you know, to that.

And that was, that was something that kept me, you know, interested in life, but I can't write anymore because of the size of my arm.

Look, let me just put one of these arms on the table.

Oh, my God.

Your fingers, too, are like a lot of fat people have fingers like sausages.

Yours are more like.

Can I just say that the fat of your palm.

Touch it, feel it.

It's cold.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

It's cold.

But it's like the fat is making your fingers jut out in like random directions.

They don't even lay flat.

They're all.

They're a skew.

And you asked me how come I'm not with women any day.

Look at, they look at this.

Jesus.

And they say the only thing this is good for is to put a gun in and jab at mashed potatoes.

No, but how do you pull a trigger on a gun with that hand?

Your index finger is splayed in such a weird direction.

It looks like a surgical glove that someone has blown.

I'm just saying that's exactly what your hand looks like.

It looks like that Howie Mandel.

It does.

It's so funny.

Do you like Howie Mandel?

When he would do that to you.

My daughter told me that he's OCD, so I don't care for those people.

Oh, okay. I understand.

I just don't like.

Are they next?

What?

Are they next?

I don't, I'm not kidding.

I'm not at liberty to discuss anything that's on the table.

Oh, except for your, except my hand.

Which is terrific again.

There has to be women out there for you.

There have to be women who hate themselves, women who are trying to prove something to daddy, women who are trying to hurt themselves and don't want to live.

Not to be judgmental, but you must see it.

That's not a great group.

Suicide girls? I don't know.

You must meet a lot of desperate waitresses on graveyard ships.

I mean, they're just like, oh, what the hell?

At this point, I'm meeting a lot of desperate waitresses in graveyard.

Wow.

But no, yes, there are, no, but the hate, what you're talking about people hating themselves.

Yeah.

Maybe they will sleep with me.

Is that what you're saying?

Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

Like, you know, I mean, like everyone, everyone.

That hate, but that hate has to be so intense.

You know what I mean?

Like, you know, people hate themselves.

I think everybody hates, that's my opinion.

I mean, I think everybody hates themselves, whether or not they're seeing a shrink.

You know what I mean?

A very pessimistic view of life.

Our enemy, I've decided, is within.

Within the public, ourselves?

Ourself.

Our man's very nature, you mean?

Oh, very well put.

Somebody's been peeking at some sort of book.

But yes, we are just- I peek at them every once in a while.

I just- I can't open them with these hands.

Yeah, I can make- What about audio books?

Yeah, could you- Oh, I never thought of that.

You're putting a book on tape or- Well, although I can't see your other ear, it looks like your left ear might be kind of sealed shut.

It's sealed shut.

Yeah.

It's sealed.

I remember when that sealed, it was a chocolate pudding with nuts in it, and I may be allergic to pine nuts.

It's a lot like when you get a pierced ear and it seals shut, your entire ear just seems to have collapsed.

I don't know, yeah.

You don't do that, right?

I know, the government people don't do that.

That's for people like George Michael and pirates and stuff.

Boy, that guy.

Anyway- Let's not get you started on him.

Please, God.

No, that was with fellatio, and we used to joke about it when I could joke about things.

But when you say you think that- It's with...

On nature, I believe, is to just...

This is what I think about people in this country, is our nature is just to go into dinas and eat like animals.

And that is what is hurting our nation.

We're no longer...

We no longer want to do things and that kind of thing.

Something like that.

That's my theory.

Your life story and not necessarily- Do you think I'm projecting?

Be honest with me, because my daughter says, when I throw this theory to her that we're just eating like animals as a country and we're losing our will to live and we can't read anymore because of the size of our hands and stuff, and that a lot of people are just jabbing at mashed potatoes with guns.

She says that that's me and I deny it.

And I'm saying, no, no, no, no, that's...

I don't think that...

Not only would I say not the bulk of America, I would say no one in America is jabbing at mashed potatoes with guns.

I'm just gonna go out.

Just pick that one thing I would say no one is doing.

And we can go backwards from that.

I just don't think that's happening.

Hey, by the way, Pat, would you like to do...

My daughter's on a paintball team.

Are you interested in being in a paintball squad?

It's coed and there's no sex.

It's just a plan.

Coeducational paintball.

I don't know why there would be sex period, but- Well, paintball's randy, I guess.

After a lot of those games, man, people just can't help it.

They just kind of...

Oh, the adrenaline?

Yeah, it's the adrenaline and just- Are they based in LA?

Where is she based?

I don't know.

You don't even know where your daughter lives?

Not anymore.

She tells me and then...

I thought that she was leaving you at 1,500 pounds.

That's what she says.

He's got about 600 pounds till he gets there, so just let him.

Maybe he can keep it.

Why do you ask Patton and not me?

This is a weird question.

Because of Ratatouille, I guess.

Why would that exist?

Because, and I'm not saying you wouldn't be great, whatever your name is, but it just needs some kind of shine.

You know what I mean?

We tried to get Jeffery Rush, who was in Shine.

It needs some lustre.

Some little razzle dazzle.

You're trying to star power?

Yes, some star power.

I get it.

I'm the host of this show.

I have a very popular podcast.

He could bring in a lot of...

I'm on TV occasionally.

Yeah?

Well, I don't know.

Everyone is on TV occasionally.

No one is on 24 hours a day.

Scott, you're really putting him on the spot.

I mean, I wanted to join this paintball scene.

This is uncomfortable now.

I mean, your daughter sounds...

Really embarrassing for him.

Are you interested in paintball, Pat?

And Scott, maybe if Patton declines...

It would depend on where the...

If Patton declines...

Well, that was a little...

Come on, decline, man.

We learned very early on in the agency to just shoot straight.

I cannot shoot straight anymore because of the size of my...

Hey, you know, speaking of your Navy SEAL days, I know that guys that are in the Navy SEALs, they form some pretty strong bonds with each other and they have like reunions.

So, do you ever...

Are any of your friends concerned about you?

Do you go to Navy SEAL reunions?

See the old squad?

See the old...

The thing about being a Navy SEAL is that you always have to wear that wetsuit.

Even in reunions.

Oh, yeah.

And I just...

No, they are concerned.

A lot of them have written me off and there is a game they play now which revolves around my weight.

They're very brutal.

These people, I love them and we went through and there's a bond that will never ever be broken unless it is or whatever.

But these people just now, they make fun of me in that Navy SEAL way, which is just brutal.

The Navy SEALs, once you're on their bad side...

Really, a acerbic wits with them?

Well, that's stretching it, but they are acerbic, and they know your weaknesses.

So they just dig in there.

They know my weakness right now is just being horrifically overweight.

It seems like anyone who looks at you would...

Yeah, it's not like they...

They don't need to suss that out.

It's like overeaters anonymous.

I don't think they're really that anonymous.

I don't know what you're talking about.

That last...

Nice one, Scott.

That's from me.

Coming along, man. I like that, yeah.

Do you want to be in a paintball league?

Okay, finally, you're asking me.

This is what I'm saying.

Oh, I like how you're talking now.

Finally, I go to the act one time and...

No, you pointed out to me that anybody could see what they are seeing and it makes me feel a little better.

So I'd like to formally invite you into a paintball league.

That's what therapy is all about.

It's just like once you talk about your problems, it makes them feel manageable.

Look how excited he sounds now.

He's not struggling for air anymore.

Both of us, we should join this paintball league.

Well, hang on.

Come on.

Well, I'll...

Thank you for trying to get me back into the mix of life, but I don't think it's going to happen.

Hey, you know what? Look...

I prefer banquets, just leaning.

Well, listen...

You can maybe be a sniper in a paintball league.

I know you can't run around, you don't have legs anymore, but we could put you up in a tree and you could just pick off people one by one.

Listen...

Maybe that's not such a good idea tomorrow.

I know, I know.

Scott and I have been having a little bit of fun at your expense and you quite frankly have been kind of tearing yourself down a little bit, but there has to be one point during your time as a diner marshal is when you're like, I'm doing really good.

Was there a moment where you're like, this is worth it?

It's worth it.

I would say yes.

That day that you're talking about I think is in every diner marshal's career, where you're like, oh my God, this pork chop is cooked perfectly.

I mean, there was a pork chop.

It was in Illinois, the breadbasket of the country.

I believe that's what they call it.

Or everybody's got broad shoulders, some crap like that.

Anyway, they gave us pork chops.

They gave them to you.

Well, I have to...

By the way, I have a card.

How do you pay for all of this?

It's on the government or...?

Yes.

Thank God, because I would be in the shit.

Did they ever start noticing their bills going up and up and up according to your weight?

They're telling me I've got to stop getting seven or eight sides.

They're just concerned about the sides?

They're concerned about the sides because every place makes money on sides.

Well, that's exactly that.

They give you, oh, it's only 8.95 for the scrum.

But the upsell.

That's a terrific word.

Because you go in and get the special, but then they upsell you to something for like four hours more.

Yeah.

It's like you should have just ordered off the menu.

These diner waitresses who look harmless and broken down and kind of sad, and people who might take their lives, they're very tricky when it comes to that upsell.

Because their technique is, would you like this?

And I go, yes.

And then before you know it, then they're bringing it out.

And then they're bringing it out and you realize you've ordered it.

And the whole thing is, now is eat it.

Yeah, you've got to eat it.

Well, that wasn't it.

Patton, you wanted to say, please cover up the noise of this somehow.

You want to ask a question or?

Look for my new album on, if you need to do some stuff, I'll just talk over you just to promote my album.

Ready?

Yeah.

All right.

So my new album drops on September 20th.

You can get it on Amazon.

And what about iTunes?

Yes, you can get it on iTunes.

And of course, my special.

Amazon's a little cheaper, though, if you buy the MP3s.

Yes, yes.

What's the ratio of the money you get on iTunes versus Amazon?

Definitely, it's like seven or eight bucks less, I would think.

On Amazon, you think?

Yeah, definitely.

iTunes charges so much of a percentage.

Yeah, but I think the iTunes one, this one will have a digital booklet with some extra stuff that they might like.

It's the upsell.

It is the upsell.

You're just like those waitresses that we were talking about.

And then definitely look for the special on Monday, September 5th at 10 o'clock.

All right.

On Showtime.

I'm back.

Okay, good.

Well, now that you're back, tell you what, why don't we go to one last song?

And when we come back, we'll have a little more with Al Stevens, a little more with Patton Oswalt.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll see you on the other side of this.

This is what I do.

I sit on you, sit on you, sit on you.

This is what I do.

I sit on you, right on your lap.

This is what I do.

I sit on you, sit on you, sit on you.

This is what I do.

I sit on you, right on your head.

This is what I do.

Sit on you.

This is what I do.

Sit on you.

Sit, sit, sit, sit, sit on you.

Sit, sit, sit on you, sit, sit, sit on you.

Sit, sit, sit on you.

This is what I do.

I sit on you, sit on you, sit on you.

This is what I do, I sit on you.

Tim and Eric sit on you, and this is Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here, and we're here with Patton Oswalt, where our career retrospective got wildly off track.

Yeah, yeah.

I guess we'll just kind of abandon it and pick it up next time you're here.

Yeah.

I'll be back.

Was that me who did that?

Well, you know, yes, you did kind of interrupt, but then it sort of went down, I thought, an interesting...

I guess it was interesting.

I don't...

Sometimes this show gets off track like this, where someone, you know, ostensibly interesting will walk in and will talk to them for a while, but I can never judge whether it's interesting or even comedic.

Yeah, but you know what, you're very non-judgmental about it, and I like that.

That's true.

I just put it out there.

It works and all.

Yeah, let's see what happens.

I think it was interesting.

Well, I mean, it's your life story.

Everyone is interested in their own life story.

Aren't they?

Well...

My father wasn't.

Really?

You're interested in his life story or yours?

Both.

Was your dad excited that you became a Navy SEAL and went into the government, or who was your dad?

Oh, Steve Stevens.

Of course.

Well, sorry.

He was just an...

You know, he didn't aspire to be anything like I finally became.

You know, he was so happy.

He was just a guy who was a roofer, and I'm not talking about guys who build roofs.

He just perched on them, and he watched the neighborhood.

Right back then, it was called roof...

Different definition than we're used to.

Was he paid for this, or was it...

No.

No, that's why we were so poor.

My mother, God rest her soul, she was killed in a hail.

Just hail.

A lot of hail.

Because you guys were on top of the roof.

A hailstorm?

Yeah, a hailstorm.

So, you guys would go from roof to roof...

He would go from roof to roof, but he would drag the family.

He would perch on roofs.

He would just go up on the roof of your house.

Well, you guys didn't have a permanent address, it sounds like to me.

You would just go on top of someone else's roof.

Right.

We were like Army brats, except we were not in the Army.

And we would just go house to house.

Because everyone needs shelter.

That's like food and shelter, and it seems like when you're on top of a roof, you get none of the shelter that...

No, we all were given ponchos by my father at an early age, and we would cover...

So it sounds like it didn't help your mother.

No, she was killed by hail.

How did your dad protect you guys from the hail?

Were you all out on the same roof?

Yeah, well, my mother didn't have the ability to defend herself because she'd be cooking on the roof.

She had to go through the regular...

She'd be cooking on the roof and...

Cooking, cleaning, all the stuff a housewife normally does.

Correct.

Homemaker.

Tidying up her...

Homemaker.

I guess it's an instinct, especially back then.

It's just an instinct.

Like seals...

The females have.

Dolphins have an instinct to play with the ball in the nose, and women back then had an instinct.

That's an instinct, but all right.

Isn't it?

You know, I...

That's what came to my mind.

You know, not to psychoanalyze you, but it is sort of interesting that you went into the government and then the anti-terrorism where you're vigilant and you watch over America through our diners, and your dad watched over the neighborhood from a roof.

I don't know if you ever thought about that.

It's almost like you're following in his footsteps.

But without really moving.

Yeah.

Wow, that's an insight.

In silent homage.

All of a sudden, I'm busting Keaton.

Okay.

No.

You know, I never connected that, but I think you might have something there.

If you could say anything to your father right now.

Get off the damn roof.

That's what I would say.

Why can't we live in a home?

Now that you've made these connections, like maybe you're reexamining your life.

Well, okay.

Instead of saying, get off the damn roof, and why didn't you put us in a home like normal people, I would say, thank you for my life.

See?

You know?

Okay.

Like, a lot of fathers don't do that.

They don't conceive children.

You know what I mean?

Like, he went the extra...

Hold it.

A lot of fathers don't conceive children.

How are they a father then?

Well, I haven't worked this theory out.

Sometimes they adopt.

You're like me.

Sometimes they kidnap a kid and raise it.

That's true.

Yeah.

I love the kidnapping movies where someone is taken, and then it's tense.

Like that movie Taken?

Oh, yes.

That was the perfect example.

Where someone is taken, yet all the characters...

There's a new detective, season two, coming out soon.

Go ahead.

And all the characters are pretty and good looking, and there's tension and music, and everybody's good looking.

I like it on TV where people are like scientists and cops, and they've done their hair for an hour before they're shipped.

Oh, yeah.

I love that, by the way, and that's what keeps me coming back to these shows, is how good-looking everybody is, no matter how thin the plot is, you know?

And how thin the people are.

More lawyers and scientists should do Barry's Boot Camp classes, I think, and a little less time with the books, a little less time researching these cases.

What was the boot camp thing?

Barry's Boot Camp.

What the hell is that?

What is Barry's Boot Camp?

Barry's Boot Camp.

Well, it's a place that...

It's this really intense workout.

You do half an hour cardio, and then you get to the floor.

Do you do it?

Look at me.

No.

But I know...

You look great today.

Yeah, you're about...

By comparison.

You're about 600 less than...

Yeah, that's true.

Is that right?

Uh, if he's known...

I'm doing the math in my head.

No, no.

I said less than 700.

I'm sorry.

700.

I don't mean to insult you.

No, no.

That's...

But who knows if I don't do something.

Hey, no.

You know, you love these kidnapping movies.

Let me give you a scenario.

One of the...

You get a call from your daughter.

The Taliban is holding me.

Hostage.

You've got to use your skills.

What do you do?

They're holding me hostage in a diner.

They're at Mel's Diner over here on...

I would make...

Sunset.

I have some...

You know, I would make one phone call, and wherever my daughter is, which I don't know, but I believe cell phones, you could track that information.

There's a grid.

You can call them and they'll tell you where they are.

Yeah.

Oh.

Okay.

But I would make one phone call and a seal would be, boom, right there and kill.

Wait, but not you?

Yeah, this doesn't sound like...

Not me.

Not anymore.

I mean, I would be there in spirit, so to speak.

Yeah, this scenario seems to involve you sitting down and making phone calls.

Yes, that's what I...

Yeah.

Even now, if there was...

Wouldn't you make an exciting movie or TV show?

Yeah.

Do you want a phone?

Oh, well...

Don't think I need to be...

Wasn't there a movie about a phone where a guy, if he picked up the...

If he put down the receiver, what was that called?

Phone booth?

Right.

If he...

Yeah, and Kiefer Sutherland would...

I love that guy.

Yeah.

I love him.

This is pre-Jack Bauer.

He would shoot you if you didn't stay on the phone the whole time.

Yeah.

I feel like people are like that these days.

I feel...

I see so many people on their goddamn phones.

I feel like, is Sutherland threatening these people?

It's a great bid.

Speaking of Sutherland, what could you accomplish, like, boom, you got 24 hours, Al Stevens, what are you gonna do?

Yeah, what if you were thin again?

What if you were back down here?

What if I were thin again?

And you had 24 hours to do whatever you wanted?

What would you do?

Well, I guess I would... well, what I used to do when I was thin is that I would go into the park and I would feed whatever animals were in the park.

I would connect with nature.

That would be, you know, thing one, and then I would make love to several... because being a seal, Navy Seal, when you're fit, that's part of the lifestyle, is you make a moray to people who are fascinated with, one, your power, two, you know, the fact that you could kill at any second, women attracted to danger, etc.

So I'd make a moray, and then I'd have lunch and a diner.

Oh, wait.

I'm sorry, but your 24 hours of being thin involves you going to a diner and having food?

Yes, I guess I never really mentioned it, but I've always loved diners.

I don't like them anymore.

You say you don't like them anymore.

Not anymore.

In your perfect 24 hours.

So why would your fantasy involve going into a diner and eating?

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

You don't have to.

You don't have this job.

It seems like you've been permanently infected with these habits.

Did you see the movie, speaking of that, there's a movie coming out called Contagion.

That looks so good.

When's the last time you saw a movie?

Everybody looks good.

Everybody looks good again.

When's the last time you saw a movie?

I saw... what was that movie where the guy cannot hang up the phone?

Yes, I saw.

That's why it's on your mind.

That was the last.

You really like that movie.

It's a great movie.

Now, did you like that movie because it's a great movie or because that was the last one you were able to go see with it?

It was the last.

I think both.

Great memories.

Wow.

Because you don't fit into a movie theater chairs.

They make them small these days.

If I went to a movie now, I would have to have them just put me on the floor.

Well, they do those movie theaters now where you can lift up the armrests.

Yeah, you go to the Arclight and buy five seats and sit and watch something.

You can?

Yes, you can.

You can lift the armrests up and get the whole...

Just take the whole...

Just get comfortable.

You got to pay for the seats, I'm sure.

But I always hurt people in front of me or got to feel the flesh.

You know what I mean?

It's just uncomfortable to sit around a fat person.

Yeah.

Just sit around and...

Right.

You know what I mean?

Exactly.

No, I'm glad you were straight shooting there.

It makes you kind of like... it's like, ah, you know, I mean, why do people have to be that fat and just like bums you out to see that, you know what I mean?

So I appreciate that about you.

Yeah.

It just hit me.

I was in New York all last month.

I was staying on the Lower East Side and there was a diner near my hotel.

Which one?

LES, Hartee's.

I forgot.

What is that?

I forget all the time.

What is that diner's name?

It was right on...

It was right near Essex.

I think it was the...

It's probably pretty cool being in the Lower East Side.

I think it was Shopson's Market Cafe and it was kind of like a little open air diner in it.

But the one day that I was in there, the air conditioning in the marketplace, the Essex Street Market, broke and I'm just...

When air conditioning breaks for me, it's life-threatening.

I need cool air.

Thank God you wandered into this studio and not be our old at-year-old studio.

Oh boy.

Is that right?

Yeah.

If I don't have like cool air, when you're this size, you have to be cooled constantly.

Yeah.

So I would have been able to...

When you're traveling to the diners, how do you get there?

You're not driving anymore obviously, but what's your transpo like?

Transportation.

Transpo is the proper government term.

I am airlifted to all the diners.

That seems like a really big expense.

I'm not sure if the government should be worrying about your sides.

It's worth it.

Well, it's worth it except that if I'm a terrorist and I'm plotting something in a diner and I see a man airlifted into a booth who then places a gun in front of him.

You're right.

It's not that subtle anymore.

Yeah, it really isn't.

I am not that much of a well-kept secret.

It's everybody's...

And you're going on podcasts.

Yeah.

Talking about...

And giving your real name and...

Well, this is just exciting.

It's just a little bit of a show business.

Well, yeah.

This isn't about revealing information even though I have.

It's about starting to reconnect with a little thing called life, but I do get airlifted in to diners and they have to cut holes in roofs, et cetera.

That must, considering your father's occupation, that must really tear you up inside.

You know, I never made that connection and that I'm ruining roofs all over this nation.

Maybe that's why he stayed at this job so long, like it's this get back at his dad.

Maybe, yeah.

Yeah.

It's an interesting psychological profile.

I'm sorry.

I didn't mean to take it so dark, but...

Jesus Christ, what am I doing?

I'm trying to get back at my dad by ruining roofs.

Put the gun down, please.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Just leave it there on the table.

I thought I saw mashed potatoes.

No, what you saw are hurt feelings and difficult feelings to process and feelings that maybe you don't normally confront.

Scott, this is a comedy podcast.

I know, but here's a man in pain.

I want to help him.

Both physical pain, but I think more importantly, emotional pain, which is leading to your physical situation.

Okay.

I just suppressed it.

Oh, okay.

Good.

Oh, nice.

Okay.

No, I mean, that's...

You have to do that if you're going to eat constantly.

If you don't suppress your pain, then you become aware.

And then that's not a good thing when you're 900 between 18 and 50 every...

Would that be your message to America now, like post this, the default post, the trouble going to just be less aware, like suppress more?

I think so from what I...

Because I read the paper constantly while eating and this debt and the fact that we have no more jobs in this country, I think the only way to combat it is really not to get active, but inactive and become unaware.

And then maybe you'll gently, gently go into the grave.

I mean, that's what I would say to everybody.

And I know that's not as...

You mentioned there aren't any jobs, but it seems like Obama seems to be spending a lot of money on these government programs that apparently are keeping you in this position.

Well, I have a government job and there's only three of us.

I mean, if I die, which could happen anytime, that's one job.

And how many people are in this country?

I'm just saying, Pat, and you see what I'm saying.

Well, I know what you're saying, but...

You're on board, I'm sure.

I'm kidding.

Yeah, please.

We need to help less people.

That's also a Navy SEAL term.

On board.

It's great.

It seems like it's a term for anyone who's writing.

Really?

No, I'm pretty sure that's where that expression came from, Scott, the Navy SEALs.

Are you on board?

I thought it was a...

That's when the Navy SEALs are checking to see whether someone is on the ship.

That's exactly correct.

And it caught on.

What was your favorite exercise when you were a Navy SEAL?

Touchy toes.

You're not able to do it anymore.

I am not.

Do you miss this?

I don't have toes.

My legs will cut off below the shin.

You probably, if you had kept your legs, you could touch them all you wanted.

I have hologram toes.

They shoot...

There's a hologram that is now...

That's another expense that Obama is paying for that I just...

Well...

How much did they cut out of the education budget to give you hologram toes?

Well, it was two schools in Milwaukee had a close.

I'm saying cut the education budget and his budget.

You know what I'm saying?

Uh-huh.

Geez.

All right, guys.

Well, I think...

Any final words?

Yeah.

I mean, we got to wrap it up here.

Anything else that you want to say to the fine folks out there?

What's your last message to America?

I mean, what's your final thought for the listeners?

A lot of young people listen to this show and they're facing an uncertain future and you're on the front lines of keeping America safe.

What do they need to hear?

Well, I would say this to all kids of this nation is go and get in your car if you have a car and that's the place to cry.

Because that's what I...

Because you don't want to do it in...

Because I used to do that when I could fit in a car.

Well, you used to...

I put on Astral Weeks.

I'm sure when your father was up on the roof, there's no crying on roofs.

There's no crying on roofs because the tears go into the gutters.

Well, actually, that wouldn't be bad, but...

Yeah, that's true.

It seems like a convenient place for them.

Yeah.

I didn't realize that, but he told us, don't cry on a roof because you're going to ruin the tile, the roof tile, blah, blah, blah.

But I would say go in your car, cry to Astral Weeks, to Van Morrison album.

That's what I used to do.

That specific album?

Yeah.

Cry like a baby.

That's what I would tell the kids.

Yeah.

Patton, any last words for you?

You know what?

Look for my special September 5th.

Oh, yeah.

We should do...

Before we do the plug, let's do the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs theme song.

Here we go.

And then we'll get into all of our plugs.

That was our last words.

Now we're in plugs.

Oh.

Get the plugs out.

Hot Dog, get the plugs out.

L.A., get the plugs out.

Detroit, get the plugs out.

L.A., get the plugs out.

Hi, and that is by Mr. Pete.

That is called Get You Plugs.

I would imagine Get You Plugs on, but it just says Get You Plugs.

Okay.

You don't have to show it to me to prove.

But if you have a plugs theme, you can put it in the appropriate thread at yourwolf.com in our message boards, and we'll play it here on the show.

So Patton, you were going to plug your record?

Yep.

September 5th, Monday, September 5th, special on Showtime, 10 o'clock.

Would you suggest people, if they don't have Showtime, would you suggest people buying it for a month and then...

Yes.

Pay for Showtime for one month so you can see my special.

Might be worth it.

And then the album comes out on Tuesday, September 20th.

There's a lot of stuff on the album that is not in the special, so I hope that you enjoy both of those.

There's a lot of just clearing your throat and a lot of just losing your place.

Is that the kind of thing?

There's a lot of the stuff on the album that is not in the special is, what else?

So there's a lot of that.

You're definitely going to want to get the album to hear that.

And really, I'm not even joking, before you listen to my album, I would have a solid cry to Astral Weeks in your car before listening to it.

So there was something you were telling me about, something online, a series of shorts that you wanted to tell me about.

Well, there's this really funny series of short films that are uploaded Monday through Friday called Puddin', and I think it's one of the funniest things going on the internet.

Basically it is a video, one panel comic strip every day.

Imagine if...

A filmed...

A filmed thing.

Like Abel Farrar did Family Circus or the Lockhorns.

It's just that kind of just hatred and tension.

And it's hilarious.

And I...

And where can people see these?

You go to YouTube, type in Puddin' Strip, P-U-D-D-I-N, oh, no, I'm sorry, Puddin' Comic, P-U-D-D-I-N Comic, and that'll take you to the page, and there's a new one.

Subscribe.

What kind of talent is involved in this?

Like who are the people...

They are written and directed by my brother, Matthew Oswalt, and they star the amazing Eddie Pepitone, who I think is...

I love that guy.

He's amazing.

...one of the funniest guys going, and I don't understand why he's not in everything all the time.

Well, he got a late start.

You know what I mean?

He did get a very late start.

He...

Yeah, he really...

Basically, I think who's someone at CEA was like his...

Hang on, I want to phrase this right.

His bookable years are over.

Yeah, so they said that.

That was interesting that they said that.

But now...

But then...

Al, you like that, huh?

Yeah, Al.

That was good.

Oh, I love when someone can book.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

You're a fan of that kind of acerbic, just put-downs, growing up in the Navy SEALs.

The Navy SEALs have taught me that lifestyle.

That same agent goes...

He set up, but he gets to be cool and obscure, so that's a thing...

You and I are never going to experience that.

No, we're too popular.

We're just going to get hired and stuff, and that's it.

We go in, we do our job, but people like...

I would love a career like that.

Eddie Papatone has the kind of thing where people have to literally search out layers upon layers.

Like one person out of a thousand who even knows who I am.

Yes, exactly.

Yeah, I know.

That's...

And that includes my friends.

Exactly, yeah.

It's amazing.

I'll never know that.

Never experience that.

I'll never know that.

We caught too many lucky breaks too early.

It sucks.

I know.

You know what?

We work too hard.

Don't get successful early.

You and I, we didn't have a youth.

This guy had...

All we had was money, fame.

I know.

It was ridiculous.

I had to like...

What was I doing in my 20s?

Like I'm buying houses.

Or...

Making Ryder's Guild minimum.

Terrible memories to look back on.

This guy, he was like working real jobs.

Yeah, starving.

Oh, yeah.

Think of the...

Starving and eating at the same time.

Think of all the...

Imagine that.

Think of all the...

Starving and overeating.

It sounds horrible.

And also, just think of all the bus rides Eddie Papatone has to look back on.

And remember those wonderful bus rides.

And you and I are just sealed up in our cars listening to...

Yeah, a 10-minute drive for us is like an hour and a half bus ride.

I know.

And do you...

Name it.

You have a copy.

It has two weeks.

Scott, tell me one memorable 10-minute drive you took to a callback audition in this town when you were in your 20s.

I can't remember a single one.

I can't remember.

All I remember are the callbacks and booking the jobs.

But Eddie Papatone can tell you stories of a bus ride he took from Silver Lake to Culver City.

To do background work on Judge Mathis.

And that is a great story.

They have to have the people listening to those cases, otherwise how do we get...

How do we know if the case is ridiculous?

What do you and I have?

Oh, I'm hanging out with Tim Allen.

Emmy nominations.

Oh, I know.

You blew your 20s going to the Emmys.

I could buy a tuxedo.

I'd rather have what you guys have.

No, no, no.

No, dude.

No, this is another guy we're talking about.

No, he's another guy.

This guy's pathetic.

He's like the envy of every comedian out there.

I mean, every...

Like Zach Galifianakis is just...

I've seen him with his head in his hands at the SoHo house.

The members only one.

Oh, yeah.

We all know.

Yeah, we're all there.

Yeah.

He was up there the other day with Jack Black and David Lynch just going, why can't I be Papatone?

Why?

Just the futility.

Yeah, I know.

And they're just putting rare Cabernet Sauvignon's right in front of him.

Yeah.

Why can't I do pudding for eight people?

Yeah.

Well, that's great.

By the way, Al, I'm sorry.

I don't want to be rude.

Are you going to be in any diners coming up that our listeners can maybe go talk to you about?

I'm going to be flown in to a diner in Brea, Texas, which is a town that's currently under construction.

It's an open air diner, which is nice for me.

It's an open air diner.

And so if you're in Brea, Texas, the town should be completed soon.

And I'm going to be flown in there.

I'll be there through the holidays.

And I want to plug, I'll be at Bumbershoot taping three episodes of this show with Paul F. Tompkins.

That is Labor Day weekend and the comedy death rays for IFC, those interstitials that we do today, Monday, if you're listening to it on Monday and Tuesday, Mary Lynn Rice Cub.

And that's for the next two weeks.

Mary Lynn Rice Cub.

I talked to her from...

Another one who wasted her youth on success.

Wasted it.

I know.

It's terrible.

And being sinned.

It's terrible.

Anyway.

All right.

Well, that's it.

I want to thank my guest, Patton.

We'll get back to you.

I know every time you come in here, we're going to break it all down.

This show is not going anywhere.

It's doing great.

I'm going to come back.

Come back, please.

We'll kick back and just chew the fat.

And I'll put a lock on the door next time.

Exactly.

Yes.

Okay.

And Al or Bob or Derek.

Just call me it.

All right.

It was it?

Now, is that your helicopter hovering outside?

Yes.

Can you help up on the roof?

Can we help you get up there?

The roof.

I'm sorry.

Sorry to bring that up.

I'm sorry.

All right.

Before we put our foot in our collective mouths any further, we'll end the show.

Thank you so much.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll see you next week.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media Production.

Executive Producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio, boom.com.

The wolf dead.
