---
layout: page
title: 119. Gillian Jacobs,Andy Daly [7464⧸21002].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

If you're counting them down, this is the second cast member of the TV show community that we have on.

That's right, Gillian Jacobs is my guest for the entire hour, as well as author Andy Callahan, here to talk about his new book, all of that and more, all on today's...

Thank you, Reggie Watts. Hello, this is the world-famous Scottabot, hot sauce from in here, comedy bang bang. Welcome to the show. This is... It's a hot summer's day here in... We taped this in Hollywood. It's easier to get guests that way. And we have a fantastic guest, the first time on the show here, and we'll talk about that, all of what that means. I don't know what I'm hyping here, but you know her from Community, which is entering into its third season this September, and she is one of the ensemble stars of that show. Please welcome Gillian Jacobs.

Thank you for having me.

Now, it's your first time on the show, so let's just get into that. What does that mean?

That means my palms are sweating with anticipation and fear, as I approach most things with both anticipation and fear, and great excitement. Thank you for having me.

Is this your first podcast experience? No, probably not.

Oh gosh, it might be.

Really? Not done the WTFs, the...

No, I have not what the fuck, and I have not... No, I don't think I've been on a podcast. This is my first podcast.

I mean, we didn't meet at this, but we have done the thrilling adventure hour together, which is a podcast, so don't write in and say she's a liar if you ever see her on that.

I've appeared on the thrilling adventure podcast, but that was not specifically a podcast.

That is a live show.

That's also performed for a live audience, yes.

And we struck up an acquaintanceship sort of there, but at a party beforehand, and so we're relatively new acquaintances.

We are, yeah, but I have heard a lot about you.

I have a lot of preconceived notions about you.

Wait a second.

I have many prejudices against you already. Hopefully not based on my race.

Solely based on your race, which is, I'm a known racist, so that's basically what I do.

Well, welcome. Thank you so much for being here. I'm very, very, very pleased to have you, and I'm a big fan of the show and community, that is.

Not your own?

Yeah, I'm a big fan of my own show, and really, really love it. Any episode that comes out, I'm a huge fan of.

That is almost the opposite of the case.

Oh, you have the self-loathing too?

Oh, of course. To be in show business, you have to.

Not everyone does.

Do you watch yourself on TV? Can you do it?

You know, I like the show so much that I can. There are a lot of other things that I've been in that I have a really hard time watching, but also, generally with my show, there are sections of it that I'm not in at all, so it's always fun to see those because they're like a surprise, but I do watch community. But other things, I've never seen a handful of movies that I'm in.

Such as, let's see, The Box.

I've never seen The Box.

Never seen The Box. Join everyone in America.

Actually, they would not let me go to the premiere of The Box. They wouldn't let me out of shooting community, so I've never seen it.

Oh, okay. Not the makers of The Box.

No, Richard Kelly would have let me go, but I was not allowed to go to the premiere.

I had an interesting story about that. I was at Comic-Con, not about you not going to the premiere, but about The Box in general. I was at Comic-Con, and I saw The Box program that they did with Cameron Diaz and whoever else was in that.

James Richard, no. James Marsden, yeah, yeah. Irrelevant, irrelevant.

And she gave away the end of the movie in the program, and you could see the director's face like fall, because she said something about them being Martians or something. I don't know.

It's been out for a while now, so anyway, I don't know.

That's my worst fear. Thankfully, they never tell me what's coming up on community, because I wouldn't want the responsibility of trying to keep secrets.

But what is coming up on community? You've been filming now a little bit?

Yeah, we've shot three episodes.

And what are you up to?

High jinks, mainly high jinks, with a sprinkling of antics. We actually did an episode last week that I thought was pretty unique, even for community standards.

Really?

Yeah, structurally very unique, involving multiple timelines.

Oh, so sort of almost in the way that Pulp Fiction sort of does?

No, not Pulp Fiction-y. We already did our homage to Pulp Fiction.

And no, I probably shouldn't say anything more than that. But our third episode, I think, is pretty unique. And we'll start shooting our Halloween one in like two weeks, which is usually a big to do over at community.

Wow. And I mean, that is saying something for community, because community, you do so many kind of special episodes every year. You do the claymation episode, and the My Dinner with Andre episode. Is that a big thrill when you get a script from the show? Is that like Christmas?

Yeah, you know, with the one that actually I think was the most like Christmas was we did this episode last year.

The Christmas one?

No, that was very anti-Christmassy. We did one that was kind of, it was a fake clip show.

Yeah, that show, reading that script at the table read, because we don't see the scripts usually until a table read.

Until they're written, I would imagine.

Yes. And sometimes they are actually hot to the touch when we get them at the table read, because they've just come out of the printer.

They're so funny.

They're so funny. Yeah, that's it. No, I'm talking literally hot. And that, we gave a standing ovation. That was like so surprising and totally original and hilarious.

And that one, I think, was the most exciting table read I've ever been a part of.

It took me a little while to catch on that they were all fake clips too.

Yeah.

Quite exciting because I remember saying, have I seen these episodes?

I know.

Did I forget about these or something?

But then they got more and more absurd, like our St. Patrick's Day adventure, where we were all on a raft for some reason.

Right.

By a certain point in, you did realize there's no, even for community, these are ridiculous.

So how does the show top itself? I mean, I know you're not involved necessarily in the writing, but how do you, it's the third year Dan and the writers have played with so many of the conventions of television at this point.

Well, I think for Dan, it's like about digging in deeper with the characters this season.

I think that's his espoused goal. So to get to know them a bit better.

And so I think that's, I guess he watched The Wire in its entirety during our hiatus and got really inspired by that. And so consequently hired Omar from The Wire on our show.

So Michael K. Williams is playing a teacher this year.

You mean from Trapped in the Closet?

Yes. Oh my God, Trapped in the Closet.

Well, let's talk about your character briefly on community because it's such a fun character and it's a little different than what it started out to be, which must be so fun to play.

It's almost like a different, not a different person because it's certainly you playing her.

But what would you say the differences are between the pilot and now?

In the pilot, I was like the reasonable voice of reason, moral center of the show.

Sort of the audience surrogate.

Yeah. And now I am a buffoon. And I love it so much. Yeah. I mean, there aren't too many times that I've gotten to play just a full on hypocrite, you know, stubborn dummy. Like I got to play on community and I really enjoy it. And then they've tapped into so many of the things that I can't do on the show, like sing and dance and move with grace.

You are relative, we were talking about it for a minute, but you're relatively new to comedy.

You're a trained actress, but I mean, I read a little bit of your resume when you were at Juilliard. You did Midsummer, I guess.

I did Midsummer, yeah.

So that's comedic in a way. Those are a little bit broad.

But you're kind of new to comedy and now you're in it.

Yeah. You're like in comedy royalty almost.

How's it feel? Can I get into comedy royalty somehow?

I think you are already.

Come on now. That's so nice of you to say and thank you so much.

Well, now you'll give me the $10 that you promised me earlier if I said that.

Oops. It feels really fun and also like the emperor's new clothes, because I I don't have a background in it.

I don't know what that means.

Well, that means that I feel like a fraud sometimes.

Oh, college girl.

Not really. I went to Juilliard.

Oh, that's true.

That's a glorified trade school.

How was Juilliard? Was it fun or was it?

Juilliard was really hard. It was really, really hard.

And you actually get no academic education whatsoever.

I mean, I thought you had to graduate high school to go to Juilliard, but someone told me recently that you don't even have to have graduated high school.

Really? Did you get college credits?

I mean, we could talk about this off mic. It may not be that interesting.

This is what the people want to know.

I have a BFA, but I found out that if I had been kicked out of Juilliard, which they when I was there, they kicked out people every year, none of my credits would have transferred anywhere else.

So I would have had to start all over again somewhere else.

Yeah.

Wow. And how close were you to being kicked out?

I was on probation.

Really? For some sort of infraction or for acting poorly?

For acting poorly.

How can they do that?

It's true. They kick people out.

They kicked people out every year for acting poorly.

Do you remember the role that it was that you were like, oh man, I'm going to be on probation?

We did this play from the 20s called Broadway.

Do you mean Broadway?

It was. We sang like putting on the rits in the play. I'm not kidding.

So I was in that and I think I laid a big stink bomb on the stage.

I think I was really bad in this play. I was very confused and lost and they put me on probation and when you get put on probation at Juilliard, they call you into this room and the entire faculty sits in a circle and you sit there and they go one by one and tell them.

In the center?

Yeah. Not in the center. But you sit in the circle with the faculty and they each tell you how you're failing in their individual class.

So you basically have to hear one by one by one, every one of your teachers tell you how you suck.

I have that. I went to acting school as well.

Yeah. Not the great Juilliard.

But I've had many of those meetings.

Yeah.

Here's why you're terrible.

Yeah. I mean, that's tough and then they think that somehow that's going to empower you to do better and not be scared when you have being kicked out, like dangling over your head for a semester.

So yeah, that was part of my experience.

Were you a cheery person when you were there or were you?

I just got scared. I think I got really scared and I also think that I was 17 when I started and I think that it's a program that's really meant for people in their mid-20s. It's really meant to be a grad program, but for some reason they take kids out of high school as well.

So I think that they were wanting me to be a person in their mid-20s who had figured out a few more things than I had figured out.

Right.

And so I think I probably look just like a deer in headlights all the time.

And I think they were like, come on, come on, kid. What's going on?

I'm like, I've never lived away from home. I've never, I've never really been to New York City before I moved there.

I was totally overwhelmed.

That's a pretty big town as far as I know.

It's a big town. Yeah. It's one of the big, I think it actually is the biggest town in the United States.

We are going to take a little bit of break, a little bit of break.

Little bit of break. Little bit of break.

And when we come back, we'll have more Gillian Jacobs.

We're going to talk about the first three episodes in detail and exactly what happens.

Yeah. A beat by beat.

A stories, B stories.

Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.

All of it.

I'm talking about camera angles. I'm going to talk to you about lighting setups.

It's going to be great.

And we'll be right back. This is Comedy Bang Bang. We'll be right back.

If you'll permit me, I'd like to sing a song about the mulatto.

Oh, live and let live even if there's mixed blood. That's my motto.

One half voodoo, one half Wisconsin. He'll do your taxes, but he won't stop dancing.

Slaves holding whips, half rose with hips. That's the mulatto.

Half boogie, half uptight, half day and half night mulatto.

Coffee with cream like a billionaire playing the lotto.

One hole is good, but two halves is better.

Run through the jungle in a powder blue sweater.

Listen, think twice. I say, let's be nice to the mulatto.

Jive talking sister who don't move her hips.

Big hammer, big nail with great golfing tips.

Guys who can box and have pool memberships.

It's time to come to grips with the mulatto.

Mulatto!

Comedy Bang Bang. We are back. This is Scott Ackerman. I'm here with Gillian Jacobs from Community and our next guest has come in. And what do you think about having another guest on?

Do you think that's rude to you?

Well, you didn't tell me beforehand that there would be another guest. So I feel a little gypped, but I thought we were going to get in depth about every.

Yeah. You told me this was like the west coast inside the actor's studio. So I had a lot of stories prepared for you about various independent films I've been in, but it's fine. I mean, I'll just go on another podcast and talk about that.

Okay. Just please don't make it like WTF or any of the big ones. Just, you know.

No, I'll make it big. It'll be pretty big.

Gonna make a big splash?

I could come back another time. I have no idea that this was going to be a problem.

I'm so sorry to do this to you right in front of the room, to you. I'm so sorry.

I feel terrible. I had no idea.

No, no, no, no. It was kind of a booking snafu. I had booked Gillian for kind of an in-depth getting into every little facet of her career, but I double booked the show.

So look, I had no idea. Very sorry, Gillian.

It's okay. It's okay. I'll get over it.

I think it's Gillian with the theater.

What did I say?

I'm not sure. All right. So let me introduce you. I don't know that much about our next guest.

He has written a book about his profession and his name is Andy Callahan.

Hi. Yeah, that's right. You do know something. I wrote a book. Terrific.

Thank you for having me on to talk about it.

It's my pleasure.

I'm very excited. Well, okay. Look, it's a humor book, okay? So you can buy it if you like laughing. And so that's why because it's all about a comedy.

Isn't this a comedy show?

This is a comedy program that works out really well.

Terrific.

Humor book. This would be, if you go into a Borders Books, this would be in the humor section.

If you could find a Borders Books.

Sure.

Isn't that right? They're going away, aren't they? They're like the dinosaurs.

They are.

I know she was kind of kidding about that, but that is a great point. Can you find a Borders Books?

Oh, you know what? Hey, how about that's a new, like a game show or something like that.

Find an open bookstore.

I know that you're kidding right now, but that is a great idea.

Okay. All right. Hey, well, look, I'll take the money.

If you want to sell that TV show, terrific.

Do you have like a loan out corporation or how would I get the money to you?

Just a personal check? Would that be?

Sure. Yeah.

Okay. All right. I'm sorry. I'm making some notes here.

Are we really doing? This is amazing. If I come down here to promote my money, I think I would sell like a television show.

It's LA.

Well, that's how it happens here. You know, it's that quick. You're sitting there at Schwab's and then all of a sudden you're a movie star.

Hollywood.

What song is that?

Huh? Hooray for Hollywood?

I don't know. I've never heard it.

Did you sing that in Broadway?

But we did not sing that in Broadway. I did say sing putting on the writs.

Oh, well, that's a good one, isn't it?

Isn't it?

Sure.

Yeah.

Who did it in the eighties? Did a terrific version?

Taco.

Sure. He did.

Oh yeah. Very, it's a very slowed down, long version of putting on the writs.

There should be, I think a version every 15 years or so of that song.

Hey, we do.

You know, with the- We are do.

With modern styles, you know, so like you have Taco's version in 1980.

Today it would be all about grunge.

Sure.

It would be the grunge version.

It would, yeah.

Yeah.

What would it have been 15 years ago?

15 years ago? I guess it would be Ska.

Uh-huh. Sure.

Something like that.

Yep. Say Ferris maybe would have done it.

Who's that now?

So let's talk about your book. You have a humor book and- Let me tell you what it is. Can I give you basically the rundown? Okay.

I am a nurse. Okay. I work at the Bergen Regional Medical Center in Bergen County, New Jersey.

Uh-huh.

And basically we all sit around and we laugh all the time. I mean, we just have non-stop laughs at the nurses station. And a little while ago, one of the other nurses, Sandy, she says, you know what? The things that happen here on this floor of the hospital are hysterical.

The stories that happen here are funny. We're in hysterics all the time. Somebody should write a humor book. I says, why not? So that's what it is. I wrote a book- You said, why not?

Yeah. I'm a nurse. And I wrote a book about nursing and just some of the crazy things that happen when you're a nurse. And in particular, the crazy things that happen on the floor that I work on.

Some sort of a memoir then of the particular stories that have happened to you or a compendium of different stories that have been told to you?

It's nothing fancy or French like that or anything. It's just, it's a collection- Pardon-moi.

What is that now? What are you from France? This is terrific, this guy. He's, you know, I mean, it's really something. Anyway, no, it's a collection of just true funny stories that have happened on our floor that had us in hysterics.

Great.

Like things you found up people's butts and stuff like that?

Oh, come on.

Great question.

You know what?

It's where my mind goes.

You do find things up people's butts, it's true. But where I work in particular is I work in the long-term care floor, okay, with patients who are- Slowly dying.

Well, you know what? That's kind of one way to put it, yeah? They're not going to get out of the hospital. They're never going to get out of that. They're not going to get any better.

The only thing up those people's butts is cancer.

Well, it isn't like that.

What was that noise?

That was a good one.

Well, they have a lot of dementia, to tell you the truth. They're very, they're senior citizens. They're very old. A lot of them were committed against their will. You know, they have no family, no one to rely on whatsoever. They're all, you know, and that is, you know.

But we're in hysterics all the time over there with some of the crazy things that they say, some of the things they come out with that's hysterical.

Hold on a second. So you're saying to people with dementia, you just write down what they say?

Well, you never know what's going to happen, you know?

Nor do they, right?

With a dementia patient, well, you know something that's- Ah!

You guys.

With that sound you're making.

We're having a little bit of fun at your expense. I know. We're making the sound, and this is a station.

Hey, I don't mind. We're here for laughter.

That's true.

Oh, actually, I have a related story.

Wonderful.

To your, maybe this is a similar sort of thing that's in your book, is that my grandmother had, Alzheimer's had dementia.

Okay, I bet she came out with some stuff.

Yeah, she told me.

Now why did you just take out a pad of paper and a pencil?

Well, you know what, you know, the story's the story's exactly. Well, who knows, you know.

And so she was in this old folks home for a long time while she was slowly dying, hysterically slowly dying.

Okay, well.

And one time I went to visit her, and they had wheeled a lot of patients out in their beds into the hallway, and they were all in the hallway, and one resident was leading them in a chant of, put us to bed, we don't want to live, we want to die.

Which I've never forgotten.

Wow.

True story.

How old were you when you witnessed this?

I was in high school, I think, when I witnessed that.

Pre-Julliard.

Pre-Julliard, yeah.

Did you use some of that in your sense memory?

I did, I did. Yeah, whenever I have to like really laugh really hard, I think about that.

Well, I'll tell you what, that's a great one, and it's just the sort of thing that would be in our book, because it's like, how do you get a chant like that started?

I mean, that's pretty funny to think of.

Who started it, and who was the second guy who says, yeah, sure, okay, let's go.

And then the whole room is doing it, you've got to be kidding me.

I mean, if that happened when I was on, I would be in hysterics.

Anything that dramatic happen?

Well, I'll tell you some of the stories that we, you want to hear some of the stories that we, you know, I mean, they're just stories.

Okay, so we got one resident on the floor named Bernard, that's Bernard.

So, okay, so one night hanging out at the nurse's station, right?

Very late at night.

And by the way, that's when the dementia patients really get bad.

Oh, at night, the night terrors?

Yes, they get really, yeah, that's when they really go crazy.

Yes, at night is when they really go crazy.

Anyway, so it's two o'clock in the morning or something.

I hear, they stole my sheets, right?

Top of his lungs.

I hear they started, oh boy, you know, Bernard, right?

It's got to be, so they got in there.

Sure enough, he's sitting there on his bed with no sheets, and I'm thinking, who would steal anybody's sheet when everybody's got their own sheets?

It's hysterical.

Who would take a sheet?

Okay, so you had to say this.

We decided everybody on the floor, the nurses and all these people.

Okay, so let's have a sheet hunt.

I mean, you had to say this.

Let's have a sheet, whoever finds the sheets.

A sheet hunt, is that what you?

A sheet hunt.

You know, whoever finds the sheets gets a dollar.

You know, someone walking around like Sherlock Holmes.

You know what I mean?

You know, like looking for these sheets.

Okay, terrific.

Okay, so then the sheets turn up, you're not going to believe this, balled up in the toilet of one of the other patients.

Okay, and there's a number two in there.

Oh, no.

There's a number two in those sheets.

So we said to them, well, did you steal Bernard's sheets?

You know, this guy doesn't have any idea.

He's sound asleep.

We'll go back to Bernard and say, how did your sheets end up in there?

He doesn't know.

You know, I mean, you can't get a straight answer at anything.

They're so crazy.

Were there security cameras that you could check?

No, we don't have that.

No, there's no need for that.

Yeah, so we never did find out what happened.

So, I mean, that's just, I think that's hysterical.

Is that a chapter in your book?

Yeah, that's one of the stories.

Bernard and the Sheets, I call it.

The shit and the sheets.

Oh, well, you know what?

It's a family...

Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.

I call it a number two.

Something you can read to your children.

Sure, you can read it to them at night and a bedtime story or something.

You know what?

That's not a bad idea.

They gather around the fire.

Well, different families make their own traditions.

And if you wanted to make a tradition and read this book at Christmas Eve, that would be a good idea.

Yeah, that's true.

I mean, you want to laugh on Christmas Eve.

Yes.

You know what I mean?

Yes, it's a joyous time and our Savior is born.

So let's have some laughs.

Are you a Christian?

Oh, certainly, absolutely.

How does that affect your work?

Does that make you more of a caring, empathetic person?

Oh, I think so, yes.

Because I believe that everybody is Jesus and he's all over the place.

Everybody's Jesus?

Everybody is Jesus.

Well, Jesus said, I'm everybody.

So if you see somebody and you think it might be me, it is.

You know, he said that's in the Bible.

Yeah, and then there was that song that what if God was one of us song, which probably is a good.

Isn't that a terrific song?

Wonderful song.

That would be a good game show too, you know what?

As long as we're creating game shows, you know, can you find God?

Yeah, because everybody is.

So I think that's terrific.

Everybody wins, right?

Who wouldn't?

Yeah, well, that's true.

We're all winning.

We're all going to win, you know, at the end of our lives.

That's right.

We'll be up there in heaven and stuff and it'll just be terrific.

It really will.

So do you have any other story?

I mean, that story, I mean, if Gillian, I have to confess that story was a little kind of a kind of a bummer to me.

Yeah, it was a little bit of a bummer.

What do you mean by that?

I don't know.

Well, maybe I didn't tell it right because it's hysterical because he's you never know what he's going to say and what he's going to come out with, you know.

That's probably because he has dementia though, right?

Do you have a lot of Bernard stories in your book?

Sure, there's other Bernard, but I should tell you about Rosa.

If you don't want to hear Bernard stories, I'll tell you about Rosa because Rosa might be more fun.

This is a good one.

OK, all right.

Well, this is a good one.

Just get ready to laugh because Rosa, you know, I mean, she's usually very quiet, but very, very crazy.

So one night she's crying top of her lungs.

She's just crying and crying.

And we go in there, we have no idea why she's crying.

OK, and we try to, you know, at certain points, she's like, she can't explain herself.

All she's doing is crying.

So let's try to cheer her up.

I mean, I had to say, you ever see that show, you know, make me laugh or whatever.

So we're all trying to make her laugh and get her to stop crying.

One of the orderlies pulls a quarter out of her ear.

You know, it's just hysterical.

I'm doing my Groucho Mike, you know, like, is it crazy?

It's like, you know, with a fake cigar.

Right.

And we're trying to make her laugh.

Nothing works.

OK, so finally we say, OK, you know what?

There's a vacant room at the end of the hallway.

Let's put it down there.

There's a stairwell on one side, a supply closet on the other side.

Nobody will hear her because she's waking everybody up on the floor.

So we do.

We wheel her down there, you know, and she's crying the whole way.

You had to see it the whole way down the hallway.

Oh, you know, I mean, hysterical.

So we put her in this vacant room and it works.

We don't hear from her the rest of the night.

OK, in the morning, I go in there to check on her.

Do you know what?

Hanty God, she's dead.

OK, she's dead.

Oh, but wait, this is the best.

OK, in her hand is the nurse's call button.

She's clutching it in her hand.

And that's when I remember the reason that room was vacant is that the nurse's call button doesn't work in this room.

So she had been trying to call us and we couldn't hear her because the button was broken.

And she had been dying, you know, is why she was crying, I guess.

So, I mean, I mean, just you had to see, you know, it's broken.

That's why the room was vacant.

I mean, we were in hysterics.

I mean, when someone's in distress, do you ever, like, check their vital signs or run any medical tests on them or do you just try and make them laugh?

Well, we were trying, you know, yeah, we were trying to cheer her up because the problem was the problem that she was presenting was that she was upset.

So the cue seemed to be to try to get her to laugh.

But I see what you're saying about vital signs.

That's an interesting point.

Where do you get a fake cigar at that hour?

No, I was pretending.

Oh, a mime cigar.

OK, I'm sorry.

That was sticking in my head all the time.

Oh, do I need to tell the rest of the story from that point forward?

Yeah, I wasn't really listening.

I was kind of hung up on that.

OK, so nobody can make it laugh.

She's just crying and crying and crying.

And then we say, you know what, I got an idea.

Let's put her in a vacant room at the end of the hallway.

Oh, I get it.

OK, because the cigar was mined.

OK, I get it now.

Yes, I'm sorry.

Look, I tell the stories a lot better in the book.

I mean, you know, I had an editor who's like, you know, who would ask questions like that.

Oh, it's not self-published?

No, are you kidding me?

What does that mean?

No, I got a real publisher.

Who's the publisher?

It's a Penguin Classic.

Penguin Classics, really?

It's a Penguin Classic.

That's very respectable.

Thank you very much.

Yeah, well, you know, we're talking Pulitzer and fingers crossed.

You're talking Pulitzer.

Well, we're hoping, you know.

I mean, sure, it ain't big, right?

National Book Award.

Do people think it's a satire or something?

Why?

In what?

What do you mean by that?

Well, I mean, it's a humor book that's really happened.

You know, I mean, look, have I worked a little bit and thought about my Nobel speech?

Who wouldn't?

Can I pitch something to you?

Yeah, I think that you should describe this as one flew over the cuckoo's nest from Nurse Ratched's point of view, because that's what it sounds like to me.

Do you pitch a lot of things?

I pitch many things, balls, ideas, more balls.

How did you get into this type of work?

It doesn't seem like something that would necessarily appeal to a person of your disposition.

Oh, what do you mean?

No, I love helping people and I love to laugh and I just love to, I just enjoy frailty.

And so, you know, these are the things that when I was on a job search, I just...

How does one enjoy frailty?

What do you mean by that?

You know how it is, like if you have a sick dog or something like that.

And for a while I was working with the stray dogs, you know, and they were hilarious.

If you've ever seen one of these dogs, you know, he's lost a lot of weight and he's sick or something like that and he can barely lift up his head.

You just want to say, lift up your head.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah, so you just basically seek out situations in which you can feel powerful.

Like you can feel...

Well, don't we all do that?

I mean, isn't that what we're all doing?

What was your childhood like?

Did you get into, did you ever find some animals when you were a kid and assert yourself?

Did you burn ants?

Well, sure, of course, yeah.

Well, I lived very near a large woods where there were lots of animals and there were all sorts of ways, you know, you can surprise...

People think squirrels are so fast.

They're not that fast if you've got a good arm and if you've got a slingshot or something like that, you know...

If you can stun them, in other words?

Well, right, precisely.

If you can surprise them with a rock or something like that, they're not that fast and you can get them and then you can have them for a little while and you can do whatever you want with them.

Once they're yours in a box or something like that, they can't get out if you do whatever you want.

What do you mean by that?

Well, experiments and things like that.

You know, it's no coincidence I'm in the health field.

I've certainly done some experiments on animals and things like that.

Dissections or...

Sure, things like that and sort of, you know, how cold can you stand it?

How hot can you stand it?

Stuff like that.

Yeah.

You know, those kinds of things.

And what were your findings on those two?

Well, you know, if you put a squirrel, like let's say in the freezer, you know, after 10 minutes, certainly he'll want to get out of there, but he'll be fine.

You know, overnight, it's a different story.

You know what I'm saying?

Overnight, it's a very different story because the squirrel is dead.

Yeah.

You know what I'm saying?

And then you're just like, well...

And the funny thing is, it's like their heart is a rock because everything in there froze.

And so it's like, you know, bang, bang on a table or something like that.

So that's hysterical.

And then also with fire, they don't like it.

Yeah.

So, you know, you do experiments.

You had to do an experiment to find out that animals don't like to be set on fire?

Well, there's...

Yeah. I mean, you know...

That's not an obvious assumption, I guess.

Listen.

You never know, I guess, an animal is different than a human.

You know?

Yeah.

I mean, that's...

Everything's different.

Well, that's precise.

Thank you, Scott.

That's exactly right.

You know what?

I mean, you and I might say, well, it's common sense that the earth is round.

Guess what?

They had to do some experiments, okay?

They had to get on a bicycle or whatever they had in those days or a horse.

Yeah.

And they had to go around and see if it was a circle.

Did you ever try to get into medical school or you always wanted to be a nurse?

You know something?

As far as you say, I did try to get into medical school and for a while I said I was a doctor.

But it turns out it's very expensive and they're very, very snooty and they've got lots of, you know, they've got a lot of attitude.

Did someone check your credentials, actually, anywhere?

Well, that was the...

I said to him, you know, I said, look, it should be a breeze for me to get through medical school.

I've been a practicing doctor for five years now.

I said, oh, really?

You know, and then next thing, you know, it's all...

They alert the people that you had told that story to.

Wow, yes.

And that's a long story.

And then it's, you know...

Criminal charges, I wouldn't remember about it.

Well, you strike a deal.

You know, you just, you know, you just say, okay, I won't practice medicine anymore.

Gee whiz.

You know, I don't want to go to jail.

Good. Can you believe it?

I mean, that's interesting.

But how dare they?

You could go to jail.

I mean, this is a true thing that a lot of people probably don't realize unless I was lied to.

You can go to jail for pretending to be a doctor for five years and helping people or trying to help people.

You could go to jail for that.

That's criminal.

It's criminal that they would try and tell you you were a criminal.

Thank you very much.

Did you perform any experiments when you were a practicing doctor or?

Oh, sure. Yeah.

I hung a shingle and I got a lot of patients in there and you know something, it was a lot of trial and error because as I say, I had not gone to medical school.

I didn't have the books or the learning or anything like that.

So it was just kind of...

Trial and error?

Let's see what works.

You know, what are you telling me?

That you have a fever?

Let's put part of you in the freezer.

I can't get all of you in there.

Yeah, the freezer is very useful when it comes to medicine.

Yeah.

Is most of what you practice just freezer-based?

Well, you know, I mean, you work with what you have and so I had a pretty good size freezer.

I couldn't get a fully grown adult in there, but I can get a child in there.

So if we had a sick child with a high fever, they'd go in the freezer, you know?

Break the fever.

You got to break the fever.

Well, exactly.

Because what's the problem?

You're too hot.

Here's a cold place, you know?

And I had an oven, you know?

What did your patients think about this?

This kind of like just makeshift practice that you...

I'll tell you what's interesting.

A lot of people, you know, they want to get better and they want to believe you know what you're doing.

So that's a real advantage in the medical field.

Did you handle mainly people who didn't have insurance and people from other countries who didn't want to be alerted to the INS or...

Yeah, and transients and stuff like that and people who didn't necessarily know that they were sick, but I could tell by driving by them at the bus station and I would say, come on, you know what I mean?

And I'd bring them home and see what I could learn and what they could learn and if they could get better.

Yeah, or a meal of some kind.

Where did you practice?

Was this in a building of some sort or was this...

It sounds like it was maybe in your house somewhere?

That's right, it was in my house.

And yeah, it was a house that had been...

I mean, I found it because it had been abandoned but it was a great house.

I mean, we had everything you needed.

You know, there were rafters you could hang somebody from if their problem was that they're...

Too short?

Yeah, too...

Well, yeah, or poor blood circulation, you know what I'm saying?

Their neck wasn't sore enough?

Well, no, you wouldn't want to make somebody's neck...

See, this is why you're not a doctor.

You don't want to make somebody's neck more sore, Scott.

You would try to make it less sore.

If somebody said they had a sore neck or something like that, you know, you might wrap it up in a sheet or something like that.

Real tight though, real tight, right?

To stabilize it, right?

Well, right, exactly because maybe the problem is it's moving too much.

Yeah, and then if their face starts to turn a different color, that probably means that it's working, right?

I would think so.

Yeah, just keep doing what you're doing and pull a little tighter, maybe.

Yes, I would think so.

I would think so, yeah.

I notice you laughing while you're talking about this.

The practice of medicine still delights you.

Well, we had a lot of fun.

There was a lot of laughs in those days, just sort of, you know what?

Because a lot of the time, I'll tell you what, I mean, it's a kind of a con job, medicine is.

You tell a patient, you know, I know what to do.

And then you go back and you tell your friend, I don't know what to do.

Let's just try something.

Did you have a complicit?

I don't want the word accomplice.

That's a negative connotation.

You sound like the DA, you sound just like the DA sounded.

How about that?

Assistance, cohorts.

Yeah, I had a guy, his name was Tony.

And Tony was the sort of a man about town.

He was a kind of a gadfly and he was up for anything.

And yeah, he helped me out immeasurably.

Wait, he was a gadfly.

He was up for anything.

Where did you find this Tony fellow?

Where did I originally find Tony?

You know what, he was, I think I met him at the movie theater.

What movie were you seeing?

I was just going to see there was a film.

That's not important.

Wait, where was this theater at?

It was an independently run operation.

Can you remember any other movies you saw at that theater?

You know, I did go there quite frequently, in fact, but none of the titles, I mean, titles of movies.

But who can remember titles of movies?

Did you ever take your mom to this theater with you?

Did you ever go with your mom?

I don't believe so, no.

Are your parents still around?

No, very tragically.

They passed in that very house I was discussing.

But anyhow, yeah, Tony was a guy and- So you met him at a theater?

Yeah, we had similar interests.

Out in the lobby or certainly not during the movie because- What about the bathroom?

I mean, you meet people in the bathroom all the time.

Oh, that's true.

Coming out, going in.

These sorts of details.

I don't think are all that illustrative and helpful.

But regardless, yeah, we hit it off, Tony and I, and immediately, you know, he says, I've got some people at my house who are not necessarily supposed to be there, and so did I, you know, patients.

Your parents?

Huh?

Oh, I- Yeah, I had some patients at my house and he had, so he wasn't calling the patients at the time.

But anyway, we pooled our resources and we cast our- What were his resources?

Because it sounds like you had the location and the knowledge and the know-how.

What did he bring to the table?

He was very strong and sort of- Intimidating?

What's the word?

Sort of unencumbered by a sense of right and wrong.

And he had a look in his eyes that just, I mean, he just looked at you and you said, okay, whatever you say.

Whatever you say.

I'll go along with you to the second location.

Yeah, right, yeah, that kind of a guy, you know, like a force of personality, you know, just a real terrific guy.

Just one of those guys you want to work with.

That's how I felt, yeah.

So he was very helpful.

So what, I have a question.

So sometimes, is trial and error, inevitably, some of these experiments are going to go wrong?

Right?

I mean- I never looked at it that way.

Okay, but what- Because in the quest for knowledge, it's almost like it's going right.

Right.

Yeah, that's right.

What about body disposal?

I mean, what would you do with the bodies?

Yeah, normally, in a practice such as this, you would, one would send someone to the morgue or alert the authorities of some sort.

Well, this, I mean, you look, that's, now you're talking about, I guess, the kind of thing that they do teach you in medical school or something like that.

What if the patient is to die?

You know, what do you do?

You know, who do you call and all that stuff?

And you're just sort of flying blind the first time this happens?

Well, this was, yeah, exactly.

These were the sorts of things we did.

As I say, I lived near some woods.

And so, you know what I'm saying?

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

So, you know, you just sort of bury them out there and whatever.

Tony, once again, very strong.

He was good at digging holes and getting through the roots and things like that of the tree.

It's harder than you think to dig, because you really got to dig down there if you got to put a person in there.

Yeah, it seems like you would find a clearing of some sort.

You wouldn't go near the trees, but- Yeah, but you didn't want these to be found.

Oh.

You know what I'm saying?

You know?

Yeah, but you know what?

Actually, I'll tell you something.

This was largely what made me say, you know, forget it.

I got to go get a medical license and find out what really to do with these bodies, because it isn't a lot of fun to be digging these graves.

And then sometimes you'd be digging one and you realize, oh, crap, you know, we already put one here.

You know what I'm saying?

You got to start all over.

Lots of problems.

Yeah, so that was part of it.

How does one get a medical license with this kind of background?

I mean, it sounds like you've been to court.

It sounds like- Yeah, well, I couldn't get a medical life, but it was easy enough to get a nurse's certification.

They needed a real nurse shortage.

So did you get it yourself, or was this someone else's you're using?

Did you change your name ever?

Have you had the same name?

Geez, you guys.

These are some hard questions.

Yeah, I've gone by several different names over the years.

Yeah, absolutely.

Well, the normal person doesn't do that unless they change their name for their profession.

Well, that's what I did.

I changed my- Yes, of course.

I'm sorry, but no, you don't have to be an actor to change the name of your profession.

I mean, I'm sorry.

But you know, and you know how it is with nurses.

You know, if someone is done being a nurse, they would just pass their credentials on to someone else who wanted them.

I don't think that that is necessarily true.

Well, that's how it is with nursing.

So you're saying you were grandfathered into the profession somehow?

I suppose that's what you'd say.

Yeah, I mean, there was a nurse who was leaving the profession.

And, you know, what did she give you?

She sold me her scrubs, you know, because those are very useful.

But do you have to use her name when you're a nurse?

Well, luckily, her name was Chris.

Oh, that's great.

Your name is Andy.

So I used that for a period of time.

Yeah.

But then, you know what?

It got complicated because she then passed away and then it was, hey, you're, you know, you're dead.

I did think it was a little weird when your publicist came in and gave me your book and your information, but it's Andy with an I at the end.

Yeah, that's right.

Uh-huh.

Yeah, I thought that was a little odd because that's normally a female name.

But now it all sort of makes a little more sense to me.

Well, the truth is, I mean, it's very difficult to find a male nurse who's retiring who you can get their credentials, you know?

That's the fact of the matter.

And why male?

It's easier to get a female somehow?

Yeah, because there's just more women in nursing.

That's all.

It's just a number.

Do you encounter a lot of prejudice as a male nurse?

Thank you for asking that question.

I certainly do.

Yes, I really do.

You know, a lot of times a patient will say, hey, doctor.

And I say, well, I'm not a doctor.

I'm a nurse.

And they go, well, you're a man.

And I just say, hey, drop your bigotry.

And sometimes you've got to get physical.

In what way do you do it?

Well, if somebody's being a bigot like that, you've got to get physical.

And, you know.

Do you got to bring Tony in?

You know what?

Tony helps me out a lot on the floor with the senior citizens.

Oh, Tony works with you?

Well, not in any official capacity.

But from time to time, if it's like somebody's got to go out the window, you know what I mean?

He sounds like a real people person, though.

So he probably just enjoys being around the patients.

He does.

He's fun.

He's a lot of fun to have around.

And he comes to the floor, and everybody just goes, oh, no.

It's Tony.

What's going to happen this time?

Does he get paid at all for his work?

Well, we pay him in things that he likes.

What does he like?

Oh, you know, he's very low energy.

He has very low energy.

So it's a- Coke?

There you go.

Yeah.

Or things like that.

Or it's just something to help him with his energy.

Because he has a very, I think he's hypothyroidic.

Yeah.

So it's good for him to have a- Well, I would imagine another great thing about being in the hospital is that you've got closets and closets full of pills.

Yeah.

Just sitting around, and nobody, none of the patients really need those, right?

So I mean, they're just mainly there for your guys.

Well, whether they need it or not, you know, I mean, that's something that you do.

You say, well, what if I take her, you know, or her pills or his pills or something like that and go out, you know, whatever.

Just sell them or something or take them or whatever, you know.

And let's see how he does without them.

Yeah.

And if he's doing okay, well, then it's fine.

You know, but I mean, look, if they're not doing so great, you bring the pills back maybe, you know, or cut them in half, something like that.

Yeah.

Do you have some sort of prescription pad or something where you're able to prescribe drugs to people?

Well, I don't know if I should be talking about this on the radio.

Well, why not?

This isn't the radio, though.

It's a podcast.

Sorry, we're no longer on the radio.

Oh, okay.

Just canceled this week on ND1031.

Are you kidding me?

No, so I'm sorry if you came in here expecting it to be a big radio show.

Oh, what is it now?

Where is it?

Well, it's a podcast.

It's actually much more popular than being on the radio.

So if I was to say, admit to any crimes, which to the best of my knowledge, I've not done yet.

No, there's a certain thing called podcast guest privilege, immunity, yeah.

Well, that's to rip, yeah, because it's on the internet, right?

So it's international.

Oh, yeah, yeah, anything that you say on the internet can't be used in a court of law against you.

Oh, I like that.

That's a very good rule.

Feel free to speak your mind.

Yeah, sure.

But they will come after you for tax evasion, so make sure that...

Yeah, don't mention any kind of taxes thing.

Do you have tax problems at all?

Well, that's a bit of a problem because some of the things that I'm into are a cash business.

Yeah.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

Yeah, in particular.

And I mean, with all the names you've got going, how can you keep track of all this?

That's true.

Well, I see what you're saying.

Yeah.

Yeah, but I didn't necessarily file taxes as any of these other people that I've been.

Cool.

Hmm.

Yeah.

So are you able to prescribe drugs at all?

Well, am I able to or do I?

What's your question?

Gosh, choose wisely.

I don't know.

I do.

You do?

Yeah, well, what happens is that these doctors can be careless with their prescription pads.

Really?

I've always heard that they have those under lock and key.

They're the most valuable tool in a doctor's arsenal.

Yeah, well, sure, but you can get them drunk, you know, or you can give them some money, you know what I'm saying?

And you can get your hands on those prescription pads and then you can run them off, you know what I'm saying?

You can go, you know, you can go to Kinko's or whatever and you can make copies and then all of a sudden you're a doctor with a prescription pad.

That's fun.

And so everybody can get pills.

Yeah.

But that's just how it is.

Do you take anything yourself?

Oh, no, you know, I don't want to get involved in any drugs.

All I take is I take Valium.

That's all I take.

I sometimes take, I take Percocet and things like that.

And I just eat.

Things like that.

But I don't want to get involved in any drugs I take.

When you say things like that, it seems like you're taking more than Percocet.

Oh, right.

Well, just, you know, various different kinds of painkillers.

But I don't want to get involved in any of that.

You know, I take, you know.

Painkillers that numb the emotional pain as well or?

Oh, sure.

Yeah, some of those and also just physical pain.

I think the funny thing is sometimes one pill will do both, you know, and you just talked out for a weekend, but I don't really do drugs of any kind.

How do you feel about the show Nurse Jackie?

Do you like that show?

You know what?

A lot of the nurses talk about that.

I'm not interested in it because as far as I'm concerned, what I hear is that it's a drama.

And I say, you know, nursing is funny.

It should be a comedy.

Well, it's considered to be a comedy at the Emmys.

Yeah, it is.

I mean, Gillian, you would know that more than any of us.

I do know that.

Probably taken away some of those nominations.

Yeah, Nurse Jackie, it's a comedy.

It's really funny, though.

You have to give it that, though.

It's, I mean, it's a great, great funny show.

Is it? Should I give it a try?

It's maybe the funniest show on TV.

Really?

Yeah, the Emmys have recognized it as such.

I had no idea.

I was told it was a very heavy drama.

Oh, I think that that is casting it in a totally different light than what it means to be.

Well, then I'll check it out because I love to laugh.

I think it's right up your alley.

It really is.

Well, terrific.

Well, then we'll watch it.

How did your parents die?

Can we get back to that?

Oh, it wasn't really that interesting.

It was just a sort of a thing where they were constantly, you know, when you get old and you complain about being cold a lot of the time, you know, and we were just trying, Tony and I, we were trying a heat cure, was all, because they were complaining incessantly, really, about being cold.

You're getting emotional.

You just choked up for a second.

Well, it was very sad watching them burn and- Watching them burn?

Because, huh?

So you tried a heat cure that burned them?

What we did is we started a small fire at their feet, because in particular, it was the feet.

I mean, you couldn't get them, what do you call them?

The extremities.

No, what's the word?

Trusculation?

No, I'm looking for a specific thing you put on your slippers.

You couldn't get them slippers that were warm enough for their feet to get them to stop complaining about, you know, it's cold.

And this house, because it had been abandoned, did not have heat, you know.

You'd moved your parents into an abandoned house?

Yeah, right.

Some sort of shanty that you had set up in the woods there?

It was a house that I found to start my practice, okay, and they were living in a condo, and they were having all these health problems, and I said, why don't you come to the hospital, as we sometimes called it, Tony and I, and I'll see what I can do for you.

And while they were there, it was nothing, but I'm so cold, you know, don't you turn on the radios?

Why isn't there drywall?

Why is there just tarps?

Exactly, what's with the leaks and all this stuff, and how come, can you get the raccoons out and all that?

So, you know, we just did a thing where we said, well, let's warm up your feet with fire.

I mean, what's hotter than that?

You know, one thing leads to another.

Did you use those kind of measured tones when you were saying this, or?

Oh, no, you know, they were under our skin.

It was a little more emotionally charged.

You were irritated.

No, you know something?

Yes, to tell you the truth, because it had been incessant complaining, how come you're not feeding us, and you know, why is it so cold?

So, yes, there was a little bit, I'll tell you, you know, it was a heated tone of okay, how about this, if your feet are so cold, you know?

You know, listening to you talk, I really feel like you're one of those people who was born in the wrong time.

I really feel like the Middle Ages would have been a much more exciting time.

Well, what a romantic time that was in the Middle Ages.

The leeches.

And the Black Plague.

I mean, you could have, I really feel like you could have done a lot of good back then.

And just corpses everywhere, too, you know what I mean?

Oh, I wouldn't have liked that, no.

Well, you don't like corpses everywhere?

Ah, once something becomes a corpse, it's just a problem.

You just want to bury it as quickly as possible.

So once the light goes off in the eyes, that's when you lose interest?

Yeah, pretty much, you know, you're not going to get any more laughs out of it.

Do you enjoy it?

Ed Gein, I think he got a lot of laughs out of some dead bodies.

Who did what?

He had a light-hearted spirit, though.

Yeah, he did.

And a whimsical air.

Ed, you don't know about Ed Gein?

I would have thought you would have been very familiar with him.

I don't know anything about Ed Gein.

Ed Gein, you know?

He's a fellow who just had some of the... you share some of the same interests.

He made housewares out of a people's dermis after they died.

Lamps, shades, curtains, stuff like that.

I wish we had met because, you know...

It's kind of a hobbyist.

Yeah, well, we had quite an accumulation of bodies, and it might have been nice to get some money out of them.

Waste not, want not.

I think that was Ed Gein's motto.

Can I ask, how many times have you seen that light go off in someone's eyes, where you know that they've passed on from this plane into whatever else is out there?

I don't...

Heaven, heaven.

Going to heaven, yes, I'll meet all these people again in heaven.

And you think it's going to be a good meeting?

Oh, certainly.

I mean, they're up there with George Washington playing the harp and all that, and they're having a great time.

I didn't know George Washington played the harp.

In heaven, he does.

In heaven, everyone plays the harp.

Yeah.

He's had a couple hundred years to learn it, you know, but anyhow, yeah, I think it's going to be a great reunion.

Do you see that as heaven as you get harp instruction the minute you get there?

Well, that's what I would want when I arrive through the pearly gates and say, okay, you know, now I finally have time to learn to play the harp, you know, so let's get to it.

It takes a long time.

I would think.

So many strings.

Yeah.

Right.

More so than almost any other instrument I can think of.

More strings than any other instrument, let's think.

Perhaps the piano.

The piano has a lot, yeah.

I'm not sure how many the harp has.

Many.

Yeah.

So how many times then, more so than the strings on a piano?

Have you seen the light go out in someone's eyes?

What do you got, how many strings on a piano?

That'd be 88.

That's funny because there's 88 keys on a piano.

Did you know that?

That I think is pure coincidence.

Yeah, yeah.

Pure coincidence.

They just lucked into that, I believe.

That's interesting.

The two have nothing to do with each other.

I have seen, I would estimate 500 people die.

Well, people and not just animals, people.

Oh, you want to throw in animals?

Please do.

Let's get a really comprehensive list here.

Now we're well into the, well, I mean, gosh, I mean, we've got to be getting up to 10,000.

Wow.

9,500 more animals than human beings.

I would say so, yeah.

It took a while before I got into people.

Are you allowed to own pets legally in the state of New Jersey?

Oh, you know, I mean, sure.

Has there ever been an, have you ever had to deal with an investigation of any kind?

Lots of investigations.

Are you kidding me?

Absolutely.

How do you sidestep these?

Well, I go underground.

That's all and you disappear for a while and you emerge under a new name.

It seems like a strange choice for you now to be writing a book, which is basically, I've been flipping through it as you've been talking.

Yeah.

Isn't it funny?

It reads, to be honest, more like a confession that you signed in a police station.

What are you talking about?

Under duress.

Oh, stop it.

It's full of funny stories.

Don't get people the wrong idea.

It's not even organized into chapters.

And it is certainly not published by Penguin Press.

It's just, it's in a file, a Manila folder that you gave me.

It says made by Apple.

Yeah.

And it's just a series of rants too and almost words that don't have anything to do with each other and little tiny writing too, I have to say.

Well, yeah.

What's the problem?

What do I, how is any of that bad?

I mean, it's a funny book.

Scott, where was the question in that?

Yes, thank you.

That was just a series of facts.

I'm saying you may have misrepresented yourself here.

Piers Morgan here.

I mean, you know, I'm going to walk out.

Oh, was that horrible what he did to Christina?

That was terrible.

Terrible.

He's in bad mood.

The devoted public servant.

I do not want to be an interviewer like him, I tell you, to make someone walk out.

So I don't mean to make you walk off.

I just mean to say that it's kind of an odd choice for you to be purporting that you have a book and come in here and give me this.

Well, I'm sorry.

I don't know what the definition of a book is.

I mean, unbelievable, this guy over here.

Or a publisher.

Wait, this is a Penguin classic, in my opinion.

Did you meet a Penguin who told you he was going to publish your book?

There's a story in there about a Penguin read-on.

How many Penguins have you killed?

Well, it's very interesting because there's virtually nothing to stop you from going into the Penguin exhibit at Central Park Zoo in New York.

If you've ever been there, there's virtually nothing to stop you.

How many of the 9,500 animals that you've extinguished have been Penguins?

Oh, not that many.

Just about 20.

Okay.

Yeah, that's all.

When did your psychosis escalate into human...

Excuse me very much?

What are you talking about?

When did you move into human care?

Hey, Piers Morgan over here.

Unbelievable, you're being very rude.

So sorry, so sorry.

I don't care for this at all.

When did the idea pop in your head that you should move on to human beings?

Well, I got my hands on an ape.

And I was doing several different experiments on this ape and all this.

And the ape had...

And Tony must have been a big help with this because apes are powerful.

Yes, Tony was a very big help with the apes.

Have you seen the apes that have ripped off the private parts of human beings?

What?

I mean, or maybe those are chimpanzees.

I don't know.

They just like will rip off your...

They go right for the privates, don't they?

The eyes, the jaw, and the privates, I hear.

Yeah, and the fingers, they really want your fingers too.

Which is, by the way, you should keep that in mind for if there's any trouble walking out of here, the eyes, the face, and the privates.

Got it, got it, got it, got it.

So the point is that this ape had been trained in sign language and could beg for its life.

And I thought, that's interesting.

Let's...

Communicating with someone on that level.

You're fascinated by language.

Yes.

And so I says, you know, we got to get into people.

Let's call me a doctor.

Let's find a house.

You know, I take it to the next level.

What's the funniest thing that anyone has said to you as they slip off this mortal coil?

Oh, things like, you know, tell my daughter I love her.

Really?

You get a lot of that?

I mean, that's just so funny.

It's like, how am I going to find your daughter?

But sometimes you do find your daughter, don't you?

Yeah, but you know, why should I tell her what I'm supposed to?

You can have fun telling her anything you want.

Once you find the daughter, yeah.

That's usually not on the menu, passing on those last words.

Well, that's right, yeah.

Did you ever have an interest in pediatrics or was it always like...

You maybe don't want to give me any ideas here.

Pediatrics, huh?

That's the study of children.

You wouldn't be interested in it.

I have to be perfectly honest with you.

Tony's been wanting to get into that for a long time.

What's stopping him?

Well, I have the firewall there.

I just say, Tony, come on, it's not fair.

That's not us.

Yeah, that's not us.

They don't stand a fighting chance.

Yeah, plus people are looking for them.

That's the main problem, you know what I'm saying?

Well, I mean, so these people that have come into the hospital, they have no family, right?

That's right.

Okay, and then where do you...

By a lodge.

Do you call the morgue for them or are you still trucking out to the woods?

Do I what?

What's the question?

Yeah, the morgue.

Do you get the morgue involved with the...

That's a very interesting question.

It totally depends on how they die.

Do you know that?

I mean, this is something a lot of people don't know about the medical profession.

Depending on how you die in the hands of the medical profession determines whether or not the morgue is called or whether you're disposed of in some other way.

And a lot of people don't realize that.

You know what?

It's very true, like a real rule.

Industry standard.

Yeah.

That's how it is in the medical profession.

Well, wait, stop because don't you remember in Los Angeles a couple of years ago, there was a big to-do about the fact that hospitals were taking people down to Skid Row and dumping them out of ambulances onto the streets because no one had come for them.

And I do remember there was a story about a paraplegic crawling through the gutter because he'd been dumped out of the back of an ambulance and abandoned on Skid Row.

I remember that story.

A paraplegic?

Yeah.

I remember that story.

That was a few years back.

Yeah.

I would have loved to have seen that guy go...

You don't get into stuff like that.

That's hysterical.

Sometimes you just don't get sick of somebody.

They're not dying.

They've been there for a while.

You just put them in an ambulance and...

And just let them fend for themselves or something like that.

But I would never think to do it in a city.

It's more interesting to me to do it in a wilderness setting.

That's what arouses and sort of piques your interest.

I think so because to think of it...

What is it about that, do you think?

What is it about the outdoors?

Lack of witnesses.

Or is it just something...

What happened out there in the wilderness when you were a kid?

Oh, I don't know.

It sort of arouses you to...

Oh, it's not like that.

Isn't that sexual?

No.

Oh my God.

What a pervert.

When you're planning these crimes...

What a pervert.

When you're planning these crimes and sort of going through the ritualistic...

These are not crimes.

What are you talking about?

Okay.

I am taking a Hippocratic oath.

When these amusing situations happen, and they're about to happen, and I'm sure you think about these for several days prior...

Depending, yes.

Go over them in your head.

Sure, depending, yeah.

Planning the steps.

Right, uh-huh, uh-huh.

What is it about the woods that sort of is so intriguing about it to you?

I like the feeling that if a person was to...

They're on their own wits.

In a city, somebody can help you.

Probably they're not gonna, but they could.

New York City, certainly.

They'll let you die.

Sure.

They'll watch you die.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's New York, this greatest city on earth.

Yes.

I've never been there.

You haven't been in New York?

No.

Cream sodas, that's all they serve.

Egg creams, yeah.

Egg creams.

Egg, wow, okay.

Anyway, though, you put them in the wilderness and it's up to you and your wits.

Can you survive?

You know, that's very interesting to me.

You're like Bear Gryllis, right?

That man versus wild.

You into stuff like that?

Like...

Yeah, what kind of clothing are you wearing when you're doing all this?

Well, when I'm on staff at the hospital, I'm dressed like a nurse.

But when you're out there in the woods, what's going on?

Well, I have a loin cloth and a lot of the rest of it, in terms of what I'm wearing, is body paint.

Do you still have fingerprints?

Have you taken care...

Oh, great question.

No, absolutely not.

I do not have fingerprints.

How do you get rid of those?

Oh, well, you know what you have to...

The weird thing is, one of the cruel ironies of the human body is that they will come back.

You have to continually file them off.

How often do you have to do this?

Well, it's, you know, every once in a while I just look at my fingers and I go, okay, it's time, you know, it's about once a month I got to get back in there.

Do you enjoy, though, the process of doing that, filing them down?

You know what?

These days, Tony does it for me.

Really?

Yeah, I say, Tony, what a great relationship I have.

Do you guys live together?

You guys roommates?

No, you know, he comes and goes.

You can't really predict Tony's movements.

No, you can't predict Tony's movements.

That's part of his charm, though.

Yeah, that's right.

Anything can happen with Tony.

Yeah, you never know what's going to go on with him or what he's up to or who he's got with him.

You know what?

I shot a movie once in rural Wisconsin and right when we arrived, everybody, it was called Wisconsin Rapids, and everybody said, have you guys heard about the Rapids Rapist?

Have you heard about the Rapids Rapist?

Oh boy, this is going to be good.

Yeah.

You know, I don't know why, but I'm just thinking about this story right now, just talking to you.

And this guy, he would drug guys at this local bar, and then when they passed out, he would kidnap, kidnap, very judgy word.

Well, sometimes they would like pass out in their car, take them back to his house.

He would anesthetize them?

Yeah, yeah. He had them tied up in his garage and blindfolded, naked, and he had a shotgun.

It was booby-trapped to like, you know, go off if they tried to get away.

Is that right?

Yeah. And so he told them that he was going to kill them. He told him he was going to shoot them.

And the one kid said, well, before you kill me, will you at least give me a cigarette?

And so, you know, being a compassionate guy, he says, sure.

And somehow these darn kids managed to get down and run to the neighbor's house.

Using only a cigarette?

Yeah. No, before he came back with the cigarette.

Oh, I see. I get it. I thought that was some MacGruber shit.

That was very accommodating of him to go out for cigarettes.

I don't know. You're talking about Tony. For some reason, I'm thinking of the story. I don't know why.

Yeah. Tony ever been out there in, where was this, Wisconsin?

Out to Wisconsin? Yes, he did go out to Wisconsin for a period of time, but only to rape boys.

Oh, okay.

So it doesn't sound like your story.

Doesn't sound like your story.

You know what they called him, too? Well, the Rapids Rapist.

But the part of town where he kidnapped them from was a triangular block that had a lot of bars.

So they called it the Bar-Muda Triangle.

Oh.

Well, that we're having fun.

Yeah.

I mean, that's fun.

That's whimsical.

Yeah. The Bar-Muda Triangle. You don't know when you're going to get shot.

Well, gosh, Andy, this is a, you're a fascinating guy, I have to say.

Well, I just, yeah, I didn't know we were going to get into all of this.

It's fascinating. I didn't know we're going to have such a wide ranging discussion.

Well, no, I mean, that's what we do on the show. We try to get deep into the psychosis, I mean, mind and background of people.

Yeah. The backstory.

And really, and don't worry about the security team that's assembled outside.

There are a lot of guys out there. What's going on?

I'm glad that you paid no mind when I pressed that button underneath the table.

So thank you for allowing me to do that.

What's going on here?

No, nothing.

What's the story with buttons and guys?

Just some buttons, some guys, you know, the usual reception one gets when they drop off this kind of manifesto. It is a manifesto, right?

Well, it does talk about what's coming.

For sure. There's a lot in there.

I haven't gotten to that chapter yet.

About what's coming. Yeah. Well.

Wow. You're delighted by what's coming.

Yeah, because what I'm going to do today is I'm going to kill myself.

Oh, really?

And then I'm going to come back as an all-seeing dragon.

And I'm going to sweep across the land and turn all of Earth into an uncontrollable conflagration. And I will see you all in heaven.

Okay. Well, we'll see you there. And hopefully by the time I get there, you'll have learned how to play the harp.

Count on it.

All right. Well, thank you so much, Andy.

Thank you. Buy the book.

I don't know if that's possible, but that appears to be the end of our show, other than, of course, our last feature, which is the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs.

Beautiful. That is called What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs.

Hence the name of the feature. And that is by Julia Hayes. Oh, Julia. Hello, Julia.

Beautiful voice. And if you have a theme song for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs section, then post that to earwolf.com and the appropriate thread under our message boards.

Gillian, what do you have to plug coming up? Obviously, community.

Community is coming out in September.

September 20 something.

Something. And shortly before that, our season two DVD will be coming out.

What kind of extras can we...

Oh, so many. We did.

You seem put out by this.

I'm just so excited.

Oh, okay.

DVD commentary for every single episode.

Is that all of you or did you take turns on episodes?

We take turns. We take turns. Yeah, we can't. There are some of us that can't be in the room at the same time when we're not being paid. So, you can't have everybody all together.

It seems cryptic, but all right.

I have some guesses.

Yeah. And also, oh, it's got... Oh, we do this cast evaluation thing where Dan Harmon, the creator of our show, sits us all down one by one and tells us how we're failing.

It kind of reminds me of Juilliard.

Juilliard, yes.

And what else? We've got a lot of blooper reels, one per disc.

I love bloopers.

Four, you can watch me...

You ever watch those cannonball run movies with the bloopers at the end?

No.

That's how I... I think every show, no matter, be it community or damages or Breaking Bad, that's how I think every show should end. Just credits, see the bloopers, see the people laughing.

Go out on a high note.

The thing I'm most proud of is that for two seasons running, you can watch me pick my nose in the blooper reel of community. So, I did it season one and I did it season two.

Good for you.

Unbeknownst to you, just kind of a... just something that you do without thinking about it or...

No, it involves Danny Pudi and I who play Abbott. He really helps me out with my booger situation because we sit next to each other at the study room table. So, season one was a really extended nose picking assisted by Danny Pudi. Season two is slightly shorter, but I think still...

Sort of like chimps just kind of picking stuff off of each other's faces.

Yep. Yep. Yep. So, that for me, do I need to give you another reason to buy the DVD?

No.

I think I've said it all.

Yeah. Watch Gillian pick her nose on the season two DVD and...

And Tom DeLuise and Burt Reynolds are on it?

Yes, they are.

Okay.

Both of them. Yeah.

Great.

And Frank Sinatra just laughing even though he wasn't in the same room with him.

Is that right?

Yeah. If you watch Cannonball Run 2, the bloopers afterwards, he filmed all of his scenes without anyone else, but they cut him into bloopers and you just get a reaction shot of him going, ha, ha, ha, ha. It's really funny. Now, Andy, what do you have to plug? Obviously, the book and your plans for today.

Yes, that's right. Yeah.

Where can people see you do this? Is this a public thing or are you going out to the woods to do...

Oh, killing myself?

Yeah.

Well, what I've decided to do is to challenge Tony to a knife fight, and I know I'm going to lose since he's real big.

Yeah.

So, that's it.

That's the brave hero's way to go out. You know what I mean?

Suicide by Tony. It's been done before.

All right. Well, I want to plug Bumbershoot. I'm going to be out of Bumbershoot taping three shows with Comedy Bang Bang here. That is at 6 PM each night and Paul F. Tompkins will be there with me and he'll be doing a separate character for each of the third shows. I think there's a ghost in the room or something. And so, come on out to that. That is Labor Day weekend, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. And also check out Analyze Fish, which is the podcast. It's Earwulf Presents, Analyze Fish, the podcast where Parks and Rec writer, Harris Whittles, tries to convince me to like the band Fish for an hour and he is unsuccessful.

Don't give it away.

But it'll be a continuing series until he gets me to like Fish. So, this may be the show...

Do you smoke, Pod?

No, I do not.

Oh, it's not going to work.

But I do. I am kind of thinking of an episode where I actually do drugs for the first time in a long time and just kind of like drop some acid or something and try to get into it that way.

He could help you out. I think Andy could help you out with some... Well, if you're still alive.

Yeah.

If you happen to defeat Tony and you're still alive, then...

Yeah. The one in a million chance like he trips on a route or something that he dug up, you know, from one of those trees.

I'm not counting on you guys.

Are you prepared if it does happen though?

What if I beat Tony in the knife fight?

Yeah. Are you ready to plunge that knife into the back of his head as he's lying there face down on the clearing in the forest?

I don't know because then I would have all of his powers.

And I don't know if I can handle those because with those great powers come responsibilities.

It's true. Spider-Man says.

I have a question. How do you know that you will turn into a dragon?

Did a voice tell you this or is it just a deep intuition that you have?

I've seen it in my dreams and made a deal with the devil.

But you're still going to heaven.

Oh, yeah.

That's where the devil lives.

That's the deal. Yeah. The devil's up there with George Washington learning the harp.

Got it.

Actually, there is no God. There's only a devil and he lives in both places, right?

That's what I'm glad to understand. Yes, absolutely.

And he is in every one of us.

Jesus and the devil. Is that what you call the devil Jesus?

Because earlier you said Jesus is in everyone.

Jesus is the devil.

Oh, okay, cool.

Same one and the same, two sides of the same coin.

Are we not on the same page?

I think we are now.

Okay.

I was unclear.

All right. Well, Andy, thank you so much.

We'll look for you killing yourself and good luck with Tony and tell Tony before the fight.

If he ever wants to come in here, I'd love to talk to him.

Oh, that would be fun.

That'd be a lot of fun.

He's a great guy.

Anything you want me to do with this book that you've given me?

Bring it down to the police station or mail out copies to all the families or what do you want done?

If you could just, yeah, if you could publish it with, yeah, that would be great.

Send it to the newspaper?

You know what? Send it to the Pulitzer people.

That would be my wish.

Yeah. Oh, yeah. We never talked about your speech, but well, good luck with that.

Can you give us the first couple of lines of your- Of the Nobel speech?

Yeah.

Obviously, I am a dragon.

All right. We'll see you next week.

Thanks a lot. Bye-bye.

This has been an Earwulf Media Production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwulf.com.
