---
layout: page
title: 12. Jon Hamm, Howard Kremer,Nick Kroll,Doug Benson [153⧸21196].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

["Comedy Death Ray Theme Song"] Indie1031, ohhhh, welcome, it's 12 noon PST.

What does that mean? That means Comedy Death Ray is here!

My name is Scott Aukerman, I'm your host.

For the entire hour, we have an exciting show today, we have comedian Howard Kramer returns to the program.

He was here just a mere six episodes ago, I believe, but he's back!

He has more to talk about! We just couldn't contain him the entire last show.

Also, Nick Kroll is here, but...

Oh, and Doug Benson, I forgot to mention him, he's always here, but he'll be here in person doing other movies.

But first, let me turn my attention to the man in front of me, my co-host for the entire hour, the Madman himself.

Do you like being called that?

God.

Uhhh, from TV's Mad Men, John Hamm is here.

You're way better than that, Scott.

Am I?

You are way better than that.

Am I, sir?

Thank you for having me, this is exciting.

Thanks for coming, man.

Now, feel free to speak directly into that thing in front of you, which is a microphone.

Am I too low?

I know, normally you would wear a lavalier-type of microphone that would be on your...

That sounds French.

...that would be on your chest, and you wouldn't have to worry about speaking right into it.

Or is that kind of the Mad Men style, speaking right into a lavalier?

Yeah, no, that's how, we try to do that.

A lot of people complain that it looked a little fakey, but that's just, I think that's how they did it in the 60s.

Was the lavalier microphone invented in the 60s?

It was invented on our show.

Really?

In 1963.

Don Draper invented it.

Yes, he did.

Why would he invent something like that for a commercial?

It makes your voice sound cool.

Why not?

Now, John, it's great of you to be here, because I know that yesterday you had a big day.

You had, the Emmy nominations were announced.

I don't think that's any secret to Hollywood.

No, I don't, I think it's weird.

Sometimes Hollywood likes to pat itself on the back.

Really?

It's Hollywood's night to shine.

Television's night to shine, as evidenced last year by the excellent Emmy broadcast featuring five of the greatest reality show hosts of all time.

Celebrating 60 years of excellence in television.

Just putting the exclamation mark on those 60 years.

Yes, finally.

No, the show was nominated yesterday for 16 Emmys.

16 Emmys!

The most of any dramatic television program.

But not the most of any program.

No, that's not, that's true.

Because 30 Rock got 22 of which you received one.

I did.

How does that work?

You're on Mad Men.

I don't get it.

Scott, I was also on 30 Rock.

That all makes sense now.

Now you get it.

So you were on 30 Rock portraying Liz Lemon's boyfriend.

Adorable neighbor.

Oh, yeah, that's right.

You were adorable.

Yes, and we were boyfriend and girlfriend.

For three episodes.

You actually did a lot more than some guest stars do.

Some guest stars pop in for a day.

One shot.

In their Emmy bid.

Right, and they get it.

And then they get it.

They get that.

I believe Tim Conway got his last year.

Carrie Fisher, did she win or did she just get it?

She should have won.

She was very funny.

She was funny.

But no, it was just dumb luck.

And I was hosting Saturday Night Live.

And I think Tina and Robert Carlock, the other executive producer on the show, had an idea for a story arc.

That's good.

That's the first thing you need when you're doing a show.

I think Joe was just talking about it on Barely Legal.

Just you need more ideas.

Let's not mention Engineer Joe.

He is right next to you.

I don't want to talk about him.

Fair enough.

You guys are holding hands.

I thought it was cool.

His show is done.

He had his hour to shine.

Now we're talking about you.

Fair enough.

But no, and they literally called me in my dressing room at SNL.

Literally in your dressing room.

I was literally in my dressing room.

Dressing.

And said, would you be interested in doing something like this?

And I had been a fan of the show for a long time.

And I said, sure, I would love to.

You'd been a fan of the show for 20 years.

For 20, 25 years of 30 Rocks.

Before it even was on the air.

Way before.

Just a fan of the building, 30 Rockefeller Center.

I had had a collection of 30 Rocks that I was really just sort of protective of.

I remember at one point, you got 31 Rocks.

And you just labored over which one to throw away.

Yeah, you know, it's too many Rocks.

Too many Rocks.

30 is perfect.

And anyway, so yeah, so it worked out.

And the good thing about our show is that we have these gigantic hiatuses.

Right.

And I was able to do it.

I'm able to throw it in.

Fantastic.

And it paid off for you.

This is your third nomination.

Third Emmy nomination.

So second and third, we should say.

Second and third, yes.

Which one do you consider your second?

And which one do you consider your third?

Good question.

Isn't it though?

It's a great question.

It's a question without an answer, really.

No, I, you know.

That's a great song title.

Question without an answer, really?

Really, yes.

I don't know.

They're all equally.

You going to win this year?

No.

Absolutely not.

It seems to me like there's more people nominated this year than there usually are.

That seems to be a trend, too.

Yeah, because they're doing it in the Oscars.

They're doing it in the Oscars.

Just like, let's throw shit against the wall is what they're trying to say.

I don't really understand it.

Well, in that argument, I would, in fact, be shit.

That's true.

But if you really look at what you just said, you've just called me shit.

I'd rather not.

But no, I don't know why.

They seem to be adding more and more.

Last year, they had six, I think, in our category, and only five in others.

And I mean, I guess it's fine if you feel like the people in the categories, which I do, are deserving.

It's nice.

It's nice for people to get recognized.

It feels really nice for somebody to say, we consider you one of the top performances or most meaningful performances.

But at the end of the day, it's a race for acting ability, which is ludicrous on its face.

Hard to describe.

You're up for an Emmy.

I know that they also have a great category, best commercial.

Very excited about that category.

Really?

Yes.

We didn't know that.

They have a best commercial category.

For television excellence.

Yes.

You know, personally, I feel the only commercial that was ever deserved of an Emmy is Where's the Beef.

Sure.

Because you say that anywhere, and you get a laugh.

And just anything featuring Clara Peller.

That's true.

God rest her soul.

Good pull.

We're going to have more with Jon Hamm here.

Now, your duties as co-host.

Are we going to commercial?

We play songs on the show.

Oh, songs.

You've heard the show before.

No, not familiar with it.

You texted me about one song.

No, I did.

Howard was coincidentally on it the time I heard it.

You brushed up on your Howard previously.

I sure did.

In the hallway.

Your duties as co-host is to be kind, to be gentle, be a welcoming presence.

Jump in as much as possible.

You're a quick guy.

Personally, I don't know why you aren't in the comedy category for Mad Men, because it's a great comedic performance as well.

It's easily as funny as Californication.

That's true.

Easily.

Perhaps 10 times as funny.

All right, so we're going to go to our first song, which is by our next guest.

This is Dragon Boy Swade, Howard Kramer, You Won't Sass Me Like That When I Can Summon Wolves.

We'll be right back after this, Indie 103.1.

You won't sass me like that when I can summon wolves.

Standing alone by the edge of the woods, what am I doing?

Something not good.

I'm practicing a skill of a unique kind.

How does summon wolves rip my mind?

Yes, that's too much.

It drives me nuts.

I've asked you to stop.

You won't let up.

But we'll see if you keep talking.

Sighs when you're strapped in the wrath of a wolf attack.

Ouch.

One's nipping at your arm.

Ouch.

One's nipping at your leg.

Ouch.

One's lunging at your shoestrings, causing you to rethink the way you do things.

In a while, you will lose that smile when they get up on your jack London style.

Then you'll regret all the crap you pull.

You won't sass me like that when I can summon wolves.

You never listen to me.

You can't keep up.

All about me.

You can't keep up.

I'm aware.

You eat like a fish head.

I'm aware.

You forgot our 11th month anniversary.

Duh.

If you sass in my apartment, I'll fly off the wolf department.

Like a pizza god, they'll arrive in 30 minutes and when that car pulls up outside, I'll buzz them in.

And if you sass at the water park, you'll hear the bark of a water shark.

But the shark's just a wolf in the shark disguise.

And he's coming for that ass on the water slide.

Then you'll know not to disrespect.

Then you'll know keep the lip in check.

Then you'll know to be very careful.

You won't sass me like that when I can summon wolves.

You drive like crap.

Why are you braking?

No, slow down.

No, go off.

Get off this guy's ass.

We'll never get there.

Never put your blinker on.

Turn, turn, turn.

Wolves to the front.

Wolves to the back.

Wolves circulate and wait and do attack.

Wolves to the front.

Wolves to the back.

Wolves circulate and wait and do attack.

Wolves to the front.

Wolves to the back.

Wolves circulate and wait and do attack.

Wolves to the front.

Wolves to the back.

Wolves.

I'm gonna save it up.

So far, I managed to summon a rock boy in this world.

This girl might have been a coincidence.

But the raccoon was a definite summon.

They really looked mean.

Now he had fangs, different visions.

So pretty sure as I perfect this methodology, it'll be time for you to watch out for the high, high, high, walls, walls.

Walls, walls, walls, walls, walls, walls, walls, walls, walls, walls.

See, that's a perfect example of jumping in when necessary.

I did it. All by myself.

All by your big boy self.

I know. I'm so intimidated with all these comedians here.

It's pronounced comma-dian.

Sorry.

Okay, Indy1031.

This is Comedy Death Ray.

And we have the person who just, do you call it, sang that song, or rapped that song, or hip-hopped that song?

Performed.

Aren't you on? What's happening? Oh, sorry.

You're on mic four, is that correct?

I guess.

What's going on? Oh.

Wait, okay, talk one more time.

Hello. He's here!

He made it. Thank you.

Howard Kramer is here, Dragon Boy Swade.

How are you, my friend?

One performer to the show.

Yeah, I'm surprised I'm back this soon.

Oh, well, we love you here.

Now, you've been traveling around, you've been touring a lot with your album, Master of Pheromones.

Right.

You just, not just got back, but you did South by Southwest this year?

I just got that title.

Thank you. It took me like that long to process it.

Yeah, Master of Pheromones.

Yeah, if we were at South by Southwest, you were there too, weren't you?

I believe I was.

I was putting together some comedy death ray shows there that you performed on.

Yeah, that was a lot of fun.

I don't know who, the food backstage was strange.

It was shepherd's pie and bananas.

Do you remember that?

That was very weird.

They said to us, there's a local restaurant who's interested in getting you food, and they brought it backstage, and it was shepherd's pie and a plate of bananas.

Yeah, like a lot of them.

That's good producing, Scott. Good job.

The bananas were cut up into slices and just put on a plate in a happy face.

Yeah, I would have definitely wondered about that. I didn't even have that much information. I just came off stage, it seemed like a good, normal, successful show, and then all of a sudden I'm faced with shepherd's pie and bananas. There was a girl from the festival there, and I was like, is this what we're going with? And she's like, yeah, shepherd's pie and bananas, dig in.

And then I was, I asked her, Maybe it's a local custom.

It could be, but I lived in Austin for eight years. Nothing says Texas like shepherd's pie and bananas. What I thought was maybe there was like an English band in the festival whose drummer was a monkey, and that somehow they had our food.

Damn it, I can't not be racist.

Anything else happen there that you Oh, and I saw like 400 bands.

Oh yeah, now you're a big music fan.

Yeah. There's a lot of bands there at South by Southwest. They all want to get your attention. They all want you to play them. I get a lot of bands wanting me to play them on this program. There's one particular band that writes me every week that I have to listen to at some point. You too.

Yes, you too.

Howard, I've not been to South by Southwest, but I did go to school in Austin before it became this enormous multimedia craziness. Do you pick bands that you've seen before, or do you go to see bands that you've never heard of? What is your decision process?

Because I get overwhelmed.

Yeah, it is overwhelming, but what I do is pick a few bands that I like, and then I go to those shows and they're completely full and I can't get in, and then I start wandering around.

Go next door. Yeah, go next door.

And see whoever's there.

That's a lot of times how you make great discoveries.

That's true. Fair enough. Yeah, there's a lot of bands that want to get your attention there. Yeah, they do.

And you know, it's fine if like you're booked in the festival, and then there's like other satellite festivals, and then there's just the people that like stand on the street, and then I'll be walking by and a guy will be like you like hip hop? And I'll be like yeah? And then he starts to like put headphones on my head and have me listen to his demo that he made and buy copies of it afterwards. And at what point after that does the Scalp Rash go away that you get from those disgusting headphones that have gone four thousandths? I love that band, Scalp Rash.

That's my favorite. Are they still together? I believe so. Good for them.

They're down a member, but they still keep going.

Scalp Rash. I believe they got a bit of Scalp Rash.

Had to drop out of the group.

Poor guy. I like to go to like Ross Dress for Lesses and try on all the baseball hats.

So the Rash didn't bother me that much.

It's good. You build up a tolerance that way. Yeah. What's one of your favorite bands? I know that you like sort of classic rock in a way as well as hip hop, but I know do you like stuff like from the 70s? I don't know.

When I was coming up, it was all like American punk bands.

This man over here and I loved Who's Good Dude. Let's not talk about Engineer Joe, please.

Leave him out of this. Who's Good Dude, Black Flag and Replacements and Dead Kennedys and you know. Did you ever like bands like Kiss for instance? Oh, Kiss was a great band. I felt I feel like they were helpful in forming my opinions. In what way?

What could you possibly be talking about? Makeup tips?

I love hip hop and then Biggie and Tupac got killed so I felt bad for their young fans. You didn't have anything to do with that, did you? I did not.

Good. Okay, good. Let's just establish that.

I've been holding that close to the vest. But you didn't have anything to do with it.

Just in case. Yeah. But I felt bad for kids because their favorite musician's dying, which didn't happen to me because I was into Kiss, like you said. Right. No one ever killed Kiss. You never turned on the radio and heard, the rock group Kiss has been assassinated.

At 3pm today, a group of rival Jews dressed as monsters pulled up alongside Kiss's tour bus on open fire.

That never happened.

That never happened. What about the White Stripes?

Do you like them? I love the White Stripes. I wonder when they finally break up who'll keep the name, you know?

Probably Meg. Probably Meg.

And then she'll just audition for other lead singer, songwriter, frontman, guitarist, songwriter, visionaries who wear red pants.

That's all she's got to find.

Shami Hagar will probably be first on the list.

The Red Rocker. That's the go-to guy, sure. The Red Rocker.

Let me just start the, I kind of believe she's in her own band in her own head.

She's sort of like drumming in the half-make-believe retarded band in her head.

She doesn't really want to be a...

Yeah, and then some guy has to play his technically proficient rock and roll over whatever she's doing.

I don't even like drumming.

I had something else to do tonight.

Whatever. Well speaking of bands, we're going to go to a band. This is another couple of Emmy nominees, Flat of the Concords. We're going to come back with a little bit of Nick Kroll on the other side of this. Indie 103, One Comedy Death Day.

That is the John Hamm Scott Ackerman Extended Remix of that song. It was just nominated for an Emmy.

Did you know that? I think it was.

You know, John, every once in a while we have interesting characters who drop by the studio.

Basically, I'm a connoisseur of life. You're a collector. I'm a people watcher. I don't collect rocks.

I'm not infringing on your rock collection. I'm not suggesting that people collect around you like you are. That's true.

You're like a magnet.

That's true. That's a good point.

So every once in a while I'm out on the street.

I see a fanciful gentleman and I, perhaps a gentle woman, and I say, hey, would you like to come onto the air? I'd like to learn a little bit more about you. And this is a man that I met on Melrose earlier this week. Well, let's bring him in. Yeah, well, he's already in.

He's sitting next to you. I was scared. I didn't know.

It wasn't what I was looking at. You have no awareness of your personal space. I have no peripheral.

This is Robert Brucia. How are you, my friend? It will be very much my pleasure that I'm here with you.

Thank you, I guess.

Now, Robert, I met you on Melrose Avenue where you were doing a little shopping.

Yeah, I was at the Ed Hardy store, and that is where I buy t-shirts of dragons raping lions on skateboards.

There's a lot going on in a t-shirt. There's a lot going on. It's like with me, with my career, it's like, you know, Blackberry, it's like, ba-ba-ba-ba-ba, yeah, let's do this, and, you know, that kind of thing. So it was very much my pleasure that I would be here in a radio situation and I could talk about the things that are having importance to me and things like this.

So, Robert, you, now, your name is Robert Brucia, but you're more commonly known by a nickname.

It's like, my mom calls me Robert, my friends call me Bobby B, everybody else calls me Bobby Bottleservice, because I like to do, like, Bottleservice, like, vodka, like, Siroc.

Siroc, yeah. Can I swear?

Can I swear on this? Yeah, sure.

That's diddy shit. That's like vodka, you do that with orange juice or crimp berry juice, and I do with Bottleservice, it's like, you go, you get your own little roped off session, and then you can buy alcohol at, like, 400% markup.

That doesn't sound like a very good deal at all. Yo, shut up, man.

No, I'm kidding, total respect, no disrespect, because I respect you.

Now, when I met you, I loved Jim Cramer, Mad Money, man, that show is, much respect for that show, Mad Money B. No, it's Howard Cramer, the other guest in the Mad Men.

Right, Mad Money, yes, like, I want to make money, it's like a pay, right?

Yeah, you know, I'm not confused, no disrespect, but I'm not confused.

Now, when I met you, you were chatting up at least three or four different women on the street, which I, my gaze was immediately drawn to you, because you had several beautiful and several not so beautiful women around you.

Yo, as they always say, it's like, beauty is in the eye of whoever is seeing that person.

I've heard that.

What do you say when you approach a woman?

I mean, what's your game like?

It's like, I'll go up and be like, excuse me, no offense, but you're very beautiful.

And then, it's like, excuse me, do you date me?

And that leads to another conversation about the possibility of us going on something like an ideal date, like I'll be like, excuse me, I would like to take you on an ideal date.

And then, it would be like, for example, we would begin, I said, let's go, I would like to take you to Manhattan Beach to go swimming with the dolphins, preferably Dan Marino.

And then, for example, we would go, I said, let me take you to dinner, I want to take you somewhere good, somewhere expensive, like Cheesecake Factory.

And we go to the Cheesecake Factory, and we would share tuna Oreo Parmesan, or something like this.

I'm going to say, I'm going to cook you breakfast, right?

Give them a little kiss, I'll cook you breakfast, make you like an omelet with like goat cheese, because I care about food.

You give them a little kiss when you ask them that.

Yeah, a little kiss, and let them know.

I put Vaseline all over my lips every night before I go for sleep.

It just keeps them moist.

So when you wake up in the morning, you're ready to go?

I'm ready to go, it's like my lips are hydrated, I'll just be like, Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, right?

In French, that means I want to eat your pussy.

I'm not sure about that, we'll check the veracity of that claim.

Now, you live in Los Angeles, but do you travel around a lot?

Yeah, it's like I'll take a girl, I'll be like, I want to take you traveling, I'll take you all over the world, like Florida and Cancun.

Like everywhere.

Everywhere, everywhere that's possible.

It's like also, as well as in addition to, I pass a lot of my cosmopolitan time in Las Vegas, like the rehab, the Sunday rehab at the Hot Rock Pool, that's good, there are very important, interesting, intellectual people there on Sundays.

And it's like nice because like you could dance and get heat stroke.

It is nice.

What do you do for a living? I've never asked you that.

As they all say, it's like I'm a jack of all cards, right?

So it's like I do like all of it, it's like obviously, like I'm a trainer.

No, I'm just kidding, but I am.

And then also, as well as nonetheless, like I also am someone who is like, I'm a record producer, so it's good for me to be like here, it's like doing record producing, it's like making movies, making music, right? It's like hit me up on MySpace where like, you know, I do record producing, also I clean pools.

Is that, that's your main?

That is something that I pass my time with, it's something that is an occupational thing for me. An occupational thing. Yeah, and then also I do HR at H&R Block.

Human Resources.

I didn't know that's what H&R Block started, I didn't know it was Human Resources Block.

Yeah, exactly, that's right.

That's not the tax service place though, is it a different place?

No, that's the tax service place.

It's like, we service like your taxes, but like also, you service the human resources. Exactly, it's like I'm a human with resources, so there's something that I will come and do that for you, Jim Cramer.

That's nice.

That's good stuff.

I'll have to get your business card. No, I'm not gay, but that's cool, man.

Well Bobby, this is all the time we have to talk to you, but Oh, if I could just mention my website real quick. Sure, no problem.

www.aol.com We can find you there.

Alright Bobby, well that's Bobby Bottle Service, thanks so much for dropping by, let's go to a song this is from Walk Hard, Let's Duet.

Hello darling.

Hello Mr. Cox.

You ready to sing one?

I'm always ready.

Alright.

Here I am, sneaking up behind you.

You can always come in my back door.

Let's duet in ways that make us feel good.

Let's duet and make that sacred sound.

Put two and two together, perfect harmony we found.

We know it's only natural.

Of course it's only natural.

God knows it's only natural.

Let's duet.

Okay comedy death ray, we have the entire company here with us, John Ham is here, Nick Kroll is here, Howard Kramer is here, thank you so much for being here fellas.

We're going to do a section of the show that we like to call Current Events Roundup.

What's it about?

That makes me think that I should have had a theme song for it, I said it so dramatically.

Maybe John you could sing something for us?

I've got nothing, I'd like to sing a song called Current Events.

Current Events Current Events Current Events They happen all the time They happen all the time This is basically where we talk about what's going on in entertainment news with the fellas.

The guys. The guys, what is going on?

You know we haven't talked about Michael Jackson in a couple weeks, last week we didn't talk about his... Out of respect. Out of respect for him, yeah, we had so much respect for him a couple of weeks ago.

He's a classy guy that was handled very classy.

You want to treat it with the respect it deserves, so I get it.

I get waiting. With kid gloves?

With one sequined kid glove.

You want to treat it with kid glove.

Now he had his funeral the other day, which we didn't talk about, which was a classy affair.

My favorite part was when Barry Gordy came out and talked about the story behind the Jackson 5. He said and I quote, Michael and the Jackson 5 showed up to the audition and blew us all away.

He just had that pause in there.

It was so perfect. Nice hang time.

Did you guys watch the funeral?

I watched some of it on YouTube.

It's on YouTube already?

YouTube is pretty great like that.

My favorite thing is one, I think that Joe Jackson looks like if a California raisin, fuck the devil.

And I think all the Jackson brothers look like they cloned Carl Lewis and just shined him up a little bit and sent him out.

It was at the Staples Center and speaking of Staples.

How many people were in fact there?

I believe it was more than ten.

Somewhere more than ten.

I think it was more than ten helicopters there.

They were right up the street from there and that was craziness all day.

Because you shoot right up the street.

Did you guys get the invite?

We did not get an invite. Did you get nominated at least?

Did the funeral get nominated?

The funeralers I like to call the daytime Grammys.

That's what it seemed like to me.

It was at the Staples Center and speaking of Staples Al Sharpton was there and he had his stomach stapled recently.

He looks very svelte, very thin.

And he said that Michael was not weird. Really?

Your daddy wasn't weird.

What happened to your daddy that was weird.

What happened was he became a weirdo.

They manhandled me very roughly.

My shoulder is dislocated literally.

It's hurting me very badly.

I'm in pain all the time.

See this arm? This is as far as I can reach it.

Now that quote has to do with I don't know what it has to do with because he's not really making sense. See this arm? This is as far as I can reach it.

But the Pepsi commercial was just released.

Which, boy, that was frightening. Now if you don't know about this back in the 80s, I believe 85, centered around the Victory Tour, Michael and his brothers filmed a Pepsi commercial.

His head was lit on fire by Pyro as they say in the biz. Not the X-Men character Pyro, but Pyro Technics.

And they just released the tape of that where his hair is on fire. It is a harrowing accident.

How does that not come out until now?

What, that pun or?

I'm sure the pun has been released previously. He didn't expect the third degree, but that's exactly what he got.

What do you think about that video?

I don't understand how we haven't seen that.

I know. It just seems like out of respect to Michael, they waited.

They waited until he was dead. Howard, did you see it?

I didn't see it.

I don't know. The guy could have been saved.

He just needed a spanking and some diet sprite to settle him down.

He could have grown up normal if he had those two things.

Yeah, exactly.

He just needed some oatmeal and a Ford Taurus.

Things to keep him grounded.

Instead of whatever the family drove around.

Instead of driving around in a roller coaster.

It is literally, though, you see his hair and you see it go up and it's like you really get to see that soul glow.

Really very flammable.

It's the second time I've been in the studio and the last dragon has come up.

It happened to Gene Simmons. His hair caught fire sometimes. Really?

Yeah.

Wasn't a big deal.

Because Gene was raised correctly.

Spankings and diet sprite.

Now, let's see. What else is in the news?

Madonna stage collapse.

Have you heard about this?

Two people working on Madonna's stage show. The stage collapsed on them. Two people died.

I think that's two people too many to die in the service of a Madonna concert. I think a sprained ankle is too much in the service of Madonna.

Was Madonna at fault?

I'd like to think so. I was going to say.

Can we say she was? Can we start that now?

I'd like to think her cat-a-walling just kind of loosened some screws.

Have you seen her arms?

Whoa. Really?

Are you going to let her loosen up?

What were you saying?

It's like getting a handjob from Madonna would be like getting a handjob from like a jacked 18 year old boy.

At this point.

Madonna's penis is probably a little bigger.

Let's see. John and Kate Plus 8 in the news. John Goslin now dating his wife's plastic surgeon's assistant.

I think that's great.

I have decided to completely stop being mad at any of that.

I feel like you just have to accept it at this point. Sure.

I have a serious question. Is John Goslin, is he Asian or does he have Down syndrome? I can't actually tell.

Good question.

It is a good question. Can we find out?

I've asked that about the whole continent of Asia.

I can make these jokes because my wife is Asian.

I can make these jokes because I am racist.

How do Asians breathe? Is it some type of gill system?

Alright. No, I saw a tape of John Goslin. Are they their own kids or do they adopt them?

If you can't see on the radio, he's being injected.

It looked like you were texting.

For the record, Nick was miming being injected.

Fertility thing?

Yeah, fertility drugs. So they got the twins that way then they wanted more and they ended up with six.

Interesting story.

I can't imagine why anybody would think that those people would somehow be weird or have trouble with their relationship or interpersonal skills.

I saw a tape of him the other day and he was getting off a plane from going to see his girlfriend and he was wearing a giant tiger on his shirt, an Ed Hardy shirt.

I think that's the Asian thing.

Wow.

That is not part of the show. That is engineer Joe's doing. That is not sanctioned by comedy death ray.

No, you don't get to do it again.

And you certainly couldn't do it a third time.

Wait a minute.

It's almost like you were asking for it. Alright, well that is the section of the show we call Current Events Wrap Up. I think we nailed it.

We did. What's the theme song for that? Here it is again.

I think it's bing bong bing bong bing bong bing.

We're going to go to a song. This is Chris Rock on Indie 103.1.

And that is Chris Rock Champagne.

This is Comedy Death Ray. I'm your host Scott Aukerman.

I'm here with my co-host John M. Also Nick Kroll and Howard Kramer are here.

Let's do a little something called Entourage Wrap Up.

Track 11.

No, Track 11.

Eleven actually.

There we go.

That went off without a hitch.

Turn it up.

Uh-oh.

This is the part of the show where we talk about what happens.

Jerry Ferraro.

We talk about what happens on this week's Entourage episode. Let's break it down fellas. Have you seen it?

No.

Okay, that's going to be a little rough on me then.

But I did. I did see it as well.

Oh, Bobby Bottleservice.

Hey Bobby, do you like the show Entourage? Oh, are you kidding me? It's like my life. It's like I moved to LA for that. It would be so that it would happen and that I could do acting.

Wait, it's because you want to be an actor when you saw the... Oh, it's just inspired me for doing acting.

Because their acting is so good on that show.

No, because it's sweet to have a lot of ladies and money for doing nothing.

That's what your life is like, John, right? As an actor in Hollywood? Totally. I mean, Entourage is, it could just as well be a documentary about my life.

Okay, so spoiler alert, if you haven't seen Entourage, let's talk about what exactly happened on it. As far as I... Is this the second week or is this the first week?

First week. Season premiere. You have seen it. Okay, join in then.

I saw it on TiVo, so it was fairly fast.

Interesting.

Because you just go see if there's any boobs.

Oh, I see. No boobs this week. No.

Oh no, actually, I believe there were two.

Turtles?

That's a different section of the show that...

That's a different section of the show, the Entourage boob wrap-up. We'll start doing that every week. But, okay, as far as I'm concerned, Entourage hit the ground running at full speed, 70 miles an hour. Let's see what happened in the show.

Vinnie passed his driving test.

We've all been wondering. Hilariously.

And solely for the point of having a hilarious story to tell on a talk show.

Yes, which was a great talk show appearance.

I believe that the Entourage Universe, as they call it, is a separate parallel universe to ours. Because in the show, he goes on the Jay Leno show.

Which doesn't even exist anymore. Doesn't exist anymore.

And they're very excited that My Name is Earl just became a client. Yeah.

That's when you really want to pick up a show in its ninth season.

And right when it's been canceled.

When all of their residuals and money goes to the previous negotiators of the contract.

When basically all of the income stops. That's when you want it to become a client. Because you're ready for that next one, which is always I think all the money from Earl goes to L. Ron Hubbard.

Oh, that's true. It does indeed.

Let's not mention him. We don't want any trouble. No kidding.

Let's see what else happened on the show.

E. Eric.

He rented a house.

Starting to spread his wings a little bit.

Yeah, boy. A lot of shows now would start, like Lost, for instance, would start off with explosions and characters dying.

Entourage likes... That's not how they roll.

No, they like to start a little smaller and build through the season. There was a prominent storyline featuring Lloyd. That's right.

Also wants to spread his wings. I think this season of Entourage is going to be about spreading your wings.

That's true. Lloyd did not receive a new job. He asked for a new job.

That's active for a show, right?

Who wants to see pasta made when you can see that water for 15 minutes boiling?

Sure.

That storyline I think culminated with Lloyd waiting outside all night. That's right. Waiting.

A lot of waiting on this show.

A lot of shows would start at 100 percent for their season premiere. Entourage starts at 1 and they're going to build up to 2 percent by the season finale, I think.

They did name check our show in the...

That's true. What did they say about it?

Because Ari and the Gary Cole character, the not-so-good agent... Right.

Who's now a good agent or something, I don't know.

Being explicably awesome.

Were drinking in the middle of the day.

And Lloyd came in to admonish them.

That's right. What is this, like, Mad Men?

Did Lloyd just come in?

Hey, Lloyd.

And then Ari said, well, they do it on Mad Men. Those guys are doing all right.

How did that make you feel? So proud.

So proud to finally be... We've entered the Antiverse. The Antiverse.

Will you be appearing in the Antiverse?

I certainly hope so.

What would you play? I don't know.

Like one of Vinny Chase's rivals.

Oh, I hope so.

We have a clip... Like Seth Green.

Many of the Emmys, we were talking about them earlier.

Kevin Dillon.

The role of Johnny Drama.

Let's talk about it. He didn't do a lot this episode, but I can feel that he's got a lot going.

Did he steal Piven's nomination?

Well, he's gotten one for the past three years for that role, Johnny Drama, as you know.

As we all know.

Sure.

He was well-deserved nominated.

Jonathan Stephen Drama.

That's right.

Our good friend Jason Wallner, who's the director of Human Giant, on his Twitter yesterday, Jay Wallner, he posted some of Johnny Drama's classic clips, some of Kevin Dillon's best acting moments from the show, and we want to go to one of those.

Do we have that queued up, Joe?

Celebrating 61 years of excellence in television.

Let's hear a little bit of that Johnny Drama, Kevin Dillon, Emmy nominee.

Whatever. I'm calling.

I bet my left nut he could not close Anna Faris.

I bet I'd love to win.

Shit.

What happened?

She gave me the wrong number.

Don't feel too bad, eh?

You're just a regular person, a civilian.

Too bad she didn't hit me.

We'd be fucking by now.

Yeah, that is Kevin Dillon.

That is some acting.

Acting of acting.

Is it possible for him to win an Oscar for performance on television?

Bobby's back.

Not since The Sopranos have people acted exactly like how they act.

Off screen.

So many awards.

Alright, that is our Entourage wrap up of the week.

Let's do a song. This is Bruce McCullough.

We'll come right back with Doug Benson live in the studio, Track 5.

Indie 103.1.

Indie 103.1, that is Bruce McCullough from Brain Candy.

Oh, we were supposed to go right into it.

Oh, we failed.

Here it is.

Movies!

Doug Benson in the studio.

What do you got?

It always freaks me out, this part, because it seems like the song is still playing, but this is a bed underneath this. That is a technical term for our listeners, a bed we don't actually have a bed in the studio.

If we did, Doug would be.

I wish.

John Hammond, a bed today on the Comedy Death Ray podcast.

Alright, so of course I like to review movies in eight words or less, because who needs more words, really, to just get to it.

Get to my dumb joke.

I think this intro could use more words.

I wrote on Twitter, I wrote on Twitter, Harry Potter and Half-Blood Prince should be Half-Blood, formerly known as Prince, and then Scott pointed out to me that he had tweeted the same joke.

So we both are gay and not funny.

And then the other one I thought of was BAM!

I didn't read his and then write it.

Maybe I did. I smoked a bowl and just started stealing shit.

The other one I wrote was we'll watch it on a plane and masturbate.

And then of course I like to have Twitterers write some to me and then I read them on the show. So here's some good ones that I got on Harry Potter and Half-Blood Prince.

Kava Music says Dumbledore cock blocks Harry from some sweet waitress pootang.

And I'm pronouncing that correctly. He wrote pootang.

P-U-T-A-N-G.

Yeah.

I don't know what that is.

A little worried about his sexual preferences.

It's like pootang but shittier.

And then some guy named Screamjacula, could be a lady, wrote Gryphonbor Huffle Suck Shitterin.

That's good.

I don't know what those refer to. I knew it was good references. I really wish he would have made fun of the Ravenclaw though. That is a serious omission.

That sounds like medications at Hogwarts.

Yeah.

Or strains of weed.

And then Dean Walnut says don't say Go Dean.

This one I'm just reading because I was like really?

This is what you wrote to me as a review of Harry Potter and Half-Blood Prince?

This movie sucks my Harry Bean Bag.

Now is there a magical Harry Bean Bag in this one? I haven't seen it yet. I believe it is.

It all revolves around that. Then it makes sense.

Pretty clever. Nice work Dean Walnut.

Why didn't he say his Harry Walnut?

Because he's probably run that one into the ground.

All of his friends hate him for it so he finally moved on to Bean Bag.

He should change his twitter name to Dean Bean Bag.

There you go.

Lean into the mic when you talk Nicole. And then at oddvo said three kids, an old dude and a cup.

Pretty funny.

Thanks for writing those in everybody.

There's no prizes.

If thanks are to be going around, thanks to you for coming in and doing this segment.

It was a pleasure to see you gentlemen in this banana factory.

Enjoy your shepherd's pie.

There's no room in his heart for you cause Doug loves movies.

Comedy Death Ray will come right back with a little more Nick, a little more Nick after this.

And a boogie in your butt.

Put me in your butt.

See you later. See you later in your butt.

We should start saying that John.

See you later in your butt.

Maybe that was sort of prescient.

He's like I will see you later in your butt.

He was talking to the transsexuals that he allegedly had hot anal sex with.

We have a special guest here.

Okay, here's what happened.

Now Indie1031 is only on the internet right now. Several of you are listening to this via podcast from iTunes or an RSS feed, whatever that may be.

But it used to be a station that was on the Israel radio here in LA.

Now it has been taken over by a Spanish language station and we have one of the DJs who just kind of wandered in here and said he wanted to talk to us.

Hey buddy.

How are you Oscar man?

Yo soy el Chupacabra.

Hello Chupacabra. The goat sucker.

That means the goat sucker.

Yes, the goat sucker.

Si.

Estamos aqui en 103.1 El Gato.

Yes.

So Chupacabra, what brings you by the station?

Well, for me it's something very interesting to come and see how the white people do radio.

Learning anything?

Yes, I have learned. You do white people on radio you end up on the internet.

Kind of true.

Yes.

But you can visit them on their website 103.1 punto com punto com punto com punto com white person radio underscore alternative comedy punto html Now Chupa can I call you Chupa? Si.

Or do I just call you Cabra?

You can call me Mr. Cabra or Chupa Chupa Chupa Chupa. Chupa Cabra or goat sucker.

What is your show like that you do on Indie 103.1 now? Well, it's a good show.

We have people calling in all the time.

Like I will take a caller right now if I can.

Sure, can we take a call? Alright, let's go to the first caller.

Hola, yo soy un bebe.

Alright, we got a baby on the phone.

Que pasa baby?

Donde estan mis chafas de sol para bebés?

Alright, he's asking where are his baby sunglasses?

Where are his baby sunglasses?

Alright, Scott, the first caller to correctly identify where the baby sunglasses are will get the grand prize of an old pair of pajamas.

Are they baby pajamas? They can be baby pajamas or regular size pajamas if we could quickly if John Humm will do it with me a quick advertisement for pajamas.

Ok, go ahead, do the advertisement together.

Tengo cansado.

I am tired, but I want to wear clothing to bed, but I'm not allowed to. Mi ropa esta tan constricto.

That's why I wear pajamas.

Do you want to wear a night shirt, but you don't want to look like a lady?

Pallamas.

La ropa mas comoda para dormir.

Así, pajamas.

And that was the advertisement for pajamas. That was great, Chupa.

That's a good advertisement. Yeah, you got a star to do it, that's the key. Ok, we got 17 we got, that's right, we come, pajamas sponsored by John Humm.

Alright, let's, ok, caller number 3. Caller number 3, are you there?

Caller number 3, you on the air.

Hey, who are you?

Uh oh, it's old man Juarez.

Que paso, me Juarez?

What does me Juarez mean? Old man Juarez.

Oh, he's here, old man Juarez.

Oh no.

Did he look for the baby sunglasses on the baby face?

That's a good point, maybe we should check in with the baby about that.

Baby!

Go back to track 1? You're still on the air on the line 1, baby!

Did you look at your baby face?

Ahh!

That's right, baby!

You can call an indie radio station but you cannot conceive of light.

That is a good piece of business, Chupacabra.

I commend you.

What else do you do on your show?

Anything else? We have the traffic report.

Well, let's hear that.

Ok, let's call the traffic report and freak in the sky.

Hola, hay mucho trafico hoy.

Ok, that was the traffic report.

That's how you guys do it, you just say there's a lot of traffic.

Hay mucho trafico.

No specific freeways?

Why? You like to like with a lady you must leave mystery.

That's true.

Well, Chupa, thank you so much for dropping by.

Do you have any final parting comments?

Well, we have not read the jokes of the day.

Oh, ok, well let's read the joke of the day.

The joke of the day.

The joke of the day comes from Alejandro in Venezuela and he writes What is worse than finding a worm in your apple?

Ok, what is worse than finding a worm in your apple?

The mind reels.

AIDS. AIDS is worse.

Alejandro.

He's a debilitating virus.

Cucurricu, cucurricu.

That is Chupa Cabra.

Thank you so much for dropping by.

El placer fue todo mio.

Hopefully you'll come by another time.

We enjoyed having you.

Ok, let's rise up against the white man. Goodbye.

Alright, Indy1031.

This is Comedy Death Ray. We'll be back with more.

This is Will Ferrell.

Come on, girl.

Yeah.

It's me, Jackie Ma.

Give me that look.

That's right.

Let's get sweaty.

Let's get real sweaty.

I'm talking rainforest sweaty.

I'm talking swamp sweaty.

Let's get wild and sexy.

Oh, that's the most sexy.

Is it you?

Are you ready to make me sexy?

Is it you?

From semi-pro, that is Will Ferrell.

Ok, a little bit of business before we wrap up.

Coming up this Tuesday at Comedy Death Ray, Summer Jam.

Tickets are on sale now.

Nothing more needs to be said. Summer Jam.

That is this Tuesday.

Go to ucbtheatre.com to buy tickets.

For those of you wanting to know what happened to the debut of my new single, I hyped it last week.

Let me just tell you guys the story.

I don't think that you know what it is.

Basically, a couple weeks back I debuted my new single, which is a parody of the Jeremiah song Birthday Sex, and my version is Birthday Checks, which is all about the checks that your grandmother sent you for your birthday.

It was an instant hit.

Now, flash forward, as they say in Lost, to one week later, and I'm at the Orange County Fair, seeing a friend of the show, Al Yankovic, and he comes up to me and in as many words says, I heard Birthday Sex. It made me want to quit music. I want to hand over the reins to you and for you to continue passing of the torch.

I heard it and it immediately made me realize that I've wasted my life in music. In as many words he said that. He may have just said I heard Birthday Checks. Right, but whatever.

The rest was heavily implied.

Or inferred by me.

And so last week I talked about how this week we were going to debut my new single. I didn't say what it was. I will not say what it is, but that is going to have to wait for another couple of weeks because my collaborator, and I hate even saying collaborator because that may give you a clue as to what the song is, but she had to work all week. So we will debut that in two weeks. I will not be here next week. Jimmy Pardo, friend of the show who hosted a very popular episode a few weeks back. He is going to be hosting next week and I will return in two weeks with special guest Zach Galifianakis from The Hangover. Who?

Yes, exactly. That's what all audiences across America are saying.

I want to thank this week's guest, Howard Kramer. Thanks, buddy.

Thank you, DragonboySwaid.

DragonboySwaid.com. Do you have DragonboySwaid.com? Yeah, DragonboySwaid.com.

Your Master of Pheremonies on iTunes?

Absolutely, yeah. 12 new tracks.

12 new tracks. I got to get them. Nick Kroll, thanks so much. Thank you.

Life and Times of Tim coming back?

Sure. Very soon. When? Do we know?

I think in September.

September. Don't scowl when you say it. And John Hamm, my co-host for the entire hour. Thank you so much for coming, buddy.

Thanks for having me, Scott. It was it happened.

It did happen.

It did happen, buddy.

You know what I'm saying? It's happened now.

Yeah. We're mid-happen.

What's the haps?

That's true. What's the haps? In your butt.

See you later. We had a great show. I want to thank everybody. Thanks to Engineer Joe, thanks to Engineer S. Stephanie.

We will see you next week with Jimmy Pardo.

Until then, this is track number nine. See you next week.

Thank you.
