---
layout: page
title: 120. Adam Scott,Harris Wittels,Chelsea Peretti [7642⧸21003].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Parks and Recreation, one of our favorite sitcoms, is returning to NBC.

The Airwaves, this September, you will not want to miss the tribute that we have planned for them today on today's show.

We have stars.

We have writers.

You are not going to want to miss it.

All of that and more, all on today's...

Hey there, hi there, plus ho there.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

This is, already laughing, I love it.

This is Comedy Bang Bang for another edition, and my name is Scott Aukerman, and very special show tonight, or today, or whenever you happen to be listening to it, it happens to be tonight while we're taping it, Hollywood nights, looking out at the cityscape.

We have what I like to call a Parks and Recreation special, special edition, okay?

Now does that mean Amy Poehler is here?

No.

Does that mean Nick Offerman is here?

No.

Any of the other people you might want?

What a dick.

Wow.

What a dick.

Maybe not, but we do have Adam Scott.

He's above the line.

You're a true asshole.

And then we have behind the scenes people, some of the people who are responsible for the success of the show.

Is that below the line, according to you?

I believe it would be.

Below the belt.

We have Harris Whittles from Transpo.

You were in Transpo?

Uh huh.

I drive the trucks.

Is that a band, Just Kidding?

Good stuff already.

Were you asking me if you were just kidding?

Is that a band, were you kidding?

Were you kidding?

No, I was asking you if I was kidding.

You weren't.

All right, all right, let's get this under control for the intros at least.

We have Adam Scott, right in front of me, to his right and a little bit left, right in front of me, we have Harris Whittles, fan favorite.

And then to my right, sitting right next to me in the New Year Roll Studios, another fan favorite, Chelsea Chasperetti, right here.

Now Harris and Chelsea, you're both writers on the Parks and Recreation show.

So you guys, all three of you are used to working together in close quarters.

Adam won't let us talk to him.

Well, not when we're at work, I mean, right.

Work is work, he says.

Now it's totally fine.

Yeah.

Do you guys like sneak little like whispers to each other on the set?

Yeah, you have to be quiet because they're taping.

Yeah.

I don't, I don't speak even to the other actors out of character.

So they just don't exist because they come up with words and stuff that I say.

So it'd be crazy if I were to acknowledge the godlike figures who come up with the words in your head.

What is it?

Stranger than Fiction?

Right.

Starring Will Ferrell?

Will Ferrell?

Yes.

Any opinion on that bit?

Just checking in.

Didn't really know where to fit in.

Gotta be honest.

I saw you were writing during the bit.

Thought of some tracing I wanted to do.

Chelsea, you're new to the show.

You're newer at least than these two are, or no, Adam, are you the newest?

I don't know.

I'm the newest.

You're the newest.

I'm the newest.

I'm a straight up veterinarian.

You work with animals?

I love them.

Is this a good start, guys?

What do you think?

Do we seem like good writers?

Harris, you're the old dog in the midst.

You were working there a long time.

Elder statesman.

Old guard.

And then you brought in these young pups.

You taught them how to bark.

And then they got bite.

I got it.

And we're in the middle of what, or we're about to embark upon the third season or second season.

How many seasons?

Fourth.

What?

It's a number you didn't say.

The first season was only six episodes.

And the third season was only 16.

So if we're talking bulk amount of episodes, like if you were shopping and you were buying episodes of something, like you buy.

Now this is helpful.

This is very helpful.

This helps me wrap around the number of episodes.

From a woman's perspective, a shopping.

If you were buying them, okay, say you're shoe shopping.

I'm getting shoes.

Okay.

Harris, you're out getting pizzas.

Beers.

Love it.

Yeah.

Love it.

You buy a bunch of episodes like you're buying, like if I was buying vegetables for my family, you're buying shoes.

You seem fun.

And you are buying pizzas.

And beers.

So you're about to, you're about to start on this fourth season and I know it's, I know it's August.

That's what we're saying.

This is the new promo for our show.

I know it's August and you'll debut in September, but I need spoilers, man.

I need to know like what have all my favorite, my favorite characters been up to?

Your favorite what?

My favorite characters.

What's that?

My favorite characters.

Oh.

Okay.

You know, like what's, what's your character, Jim?

What?

Yeah.

Jim.

Oh my God.

This is truly outrageous.

It's truly, truly, truly outrageous.

Reverend Jim?

Oh.

No.

Your character works in the, you know, in the parks and recreation department.

Ben.

Sounds similar.

So Ben, he, uh, last time we saw him, he was, uh, all upset about something and, and has that been resolved?

So you're an avid watcher.

So do you see also that this guy is taking pictures of us as we're insulted, the flash just goes.

Actually, right when Scott said, so your name's Jim.

It's a photo.

The flash went off.

Yeah.

Just to capture that light feeling in your body.

Now come on guys.

You know, I do watch the show.

I'm having a little bit of fun with you, but, um.

You had me at come on guys.

Um, but no, you, the last we saw, the last we saw Ben, he was all in a tizzy because he expressed his love and his feelings of, uh, uh, great admiration for, or, or did he express it?

I can't remember.

Yeah.

He, there was no tizzy.

Um, Oh, so sorry.

You got that wrong.

Yeah.

Everything was great.

Have you ever played a character in a tizzy?

Yeah.

You've probably, you know what?

You've probably been thinking of, um, of, uh, of my guest spot on dead at 21.

Oh, that's probably it.

Uh, all right.

Let's get it back to, let's get it back to parks and recreation.

Yes.

Now I've, I've gone on record saying, I think the, the, the porno parody should be farts and procreation.

All right.

You've gone on record or something?

Yes, I have.

In the court of law.

Did you go to a notary public and get that down?

I did the local, uh, uh, mailbox, et cetera, has a notary.

Okay.

Farts and procreation.

Yeah.

What about why?

No one wants.

Fuck creation.

Oh, no.

Thank you.

You're going to be fired.

What?

No, thank you.

I much prefer hired at the porn company that makes pork creation.

I much prefer a fart porno where they also, you know, the actress gets pregnant at the end of a scene.

All right.

So it wasn't.

So the farting wasn't in for not.

Did you say farts and pregnant nation procreation is when you make a baby, but you do, you wait.

So you have an idea for a porno that where, you know, someone's getting pregnant, basically it cuts to, uh, nine months later, like this really was the night this happened because the nine months later, she's in the, uh, you know, in the delivery room and you know, it's a boy or whatever, a boy or whatever, you know, whatever the other thing is.

And then, yeah, a girl, a girl is the other, yeah, it's true.

It's true.

If it's not a boy, then it's, then it's a, then it's a girl, Chelsea's Chelsea's a girl.

You The bit saturation in this room is crazy.

All right.

Enough with the bits.

Let's not collapse it.

Let's talk for real though about parks.

What can we expect?

What do we got?

Come on.

Let's promo this up.

I really don't know what any of us are at Liberty to say.

Okay.

All right.

We've written, we've shot like four episodes and it's really funny.

Yeah, it's comes on September 24th or something.

There was a series of cliffhangers at the end of season three.

I love ending a season with cliffhangers because it just builds up the expectation in me of, oh, I want this show to come back.

You really vocalize my cliffhangers are good.

I never heard it put like that.

And that makes me really think that's great.

I hated cliffhangers before you said it.

Why did you hate them?

I didn't like the, how they made me feel the anxiety, the anxiousness, but then what about the slice film movie cliffhanger?

I love that.

But oddly enough, that did not have a cliffhanger.

It did not end in a cliffhanger.

You think it would have?

No, it was a movie.

It started with a cliffhanger.

Yeah.

But I mean, how great would it have been if like he goes, he goes climbs that mountain or whatever the fuck he did.

And then it ends with him like going, whoa, and like almost falling back.

What's going to happen to my body on this cliff?

And then, you know, what was cool about the Cosby show is at the end of each season, they would have a cliffhooks the hangar.

That's true.

I'm not even making a joke.

And that is true.

That is true.

That is known in the TV world.

Is that what you, that's what you guys referred to when you're coming up with the cliffhangers for the end of the season, Parks and Rec, you just refer to it as cliffhooks the hangar.

We were encouraged to do word play.

Yeah.

Well, we shorten it because we say it so often that we just say Hucks.

Like we got to end this on a Hucks.

That's true.

So you're like choosing to not back me up on this?

Yeah.

I don't know what that's about.

It's so true though.

With a knowing agreement.

Yes.

With a knowing agreement.

Okay.

Oh, I forgot.

This was a podcast.

All right, guys.

Well, let's, enough about Parks and Recreation.

I mean, you guys have a wonderful rapport and I'm glad you all made it here.

It was a heady experience trying to get you guys all together, I will say.

But you finally made it.

You're all in the same room.

I thank you for that.

You know, it's crazy, but can I just say something really quick?

We all got here tonight.

I don't know if you guys even thought about this because the world we're living in now.

We all got here tonight by, we communicated via email today.

We never even talked to each other about this.

It just happened all over our devices, computer, cell phone, whatever it is.

That's a good point.

Because, I mean, remember when we were kids, you'd have to like call someone on the phone.

Absolutely.

Or go see them at a coffee show.

Whatever it was.

And now it's just, everything's moving.

Is the world better for that though?

I don't know.

I think so.

Soon we'll be able to do this podcast via text.

I don't know though, because like isn't that missing some of the human interaction?

See that's the thing.

Are these things really making our lives more simple or more complicated?

I'm just asking the question.

I don't have the answers.

I'm just asking the question.

I don't have any of the answers.

I don't know.

The question is the answer.

All right, guys.

Well, sorry, I just wanted to say that.

No, I get what you're trying to say.

I don't have the answers.

No, I know you don't.

And yet what I love about you is like you're a provocateur.

You just kind of raise these questions.

Look, I'm not even trying to do that.

I'm just asking questions.

That was my favorite Jack White side project.

The provocateurs.

How did you ever get hired at any job, let alone in the production?

I just kind of show up and then.

Really?

Yeah.

All right.

So I think it's time for, you know, Harris, last time you were on the, go check out Harris's last appearance on the show with Brett Gellman.

And the last time you were here, we revealed the results of the poll that we put out to the readers of should Harris return on the show?

And if so, should he do phone corner?

Should he do foam corner?

Should he do one of his characters or should he never come back?

And even though there were several, several hundreds of votes for you never to come back.

150 people.

150.

It hurts.

It definitely hurts.

You are back.

And what they wanted you to do was foam corner.

That was the winner.

The foam corner.

So are you ready to return with foam corner?

Sure.

All right.

Let's hear the theme to foam corner.

All right.

So Harris, great theme.

Thank you.

Thanks to Reggie Watts for that.

Okay.

Here we go.

Phone, foam corner.

Where there's a will, there's a wands.

That's something.

And a lot of people ask me if I.

Oh my God.

Wait, wait, wait.

Chelsea, have you never heard?

Never heard this.

When do you do your next poll?

Are you going to try to get a grassroots campaign going?

I want to join that army.

It's an annual poll.

Sorry.

Got to wait.

A lot of people ask me if I've ever tried to suck my own dick.

Really a lot of people?

A hundred and fifty.

And no, I haven't because I can't.

That made sense in the foam.

Like I don't have to try is what I'm saying.

There's no way I can.

What Harris does is he enters these into his phone.

I don't know at what point do they turn into foam, but so some of them don't make sense because you've never.

Chelsea is giving you.

That actually does make sense.

You're like, hey man, you ever try to suck your own dick?

No, I don't need to try.

It doesn't make sense.

No, I mean it does.

It makes total sense, but it's just like someone making a statement.

Like I can't touch my toes.

We're not saying it doesn't make sense.

You're right.

Okay, so here's what I'll say.

All right.

One last.

No, that's it.

I want to get to the meat.

Your last couple have been just.

I want to get just meat of this.

What do you mean the meat?

Was the story about the fish concert?

I came here.

I didn't come here to do a foam corner.

Truth be told, I came here to bring back a very popular character.

Wait a minute.

Yeah.

Are you talking about what I think you're talking about?

Jack from the lumber yard.

Jack from the lumber.

Okay.

So you did this the second to last time you were on the show.

Jack from the lumber yard.

That was his name?

Jack from the lumber yard.

Okay.

And describe this character.

He was a guy named Jack and he works at Carl's Lumber.

At Carl's Lumber.

His dad's store.

Okay.

So now this.

And why did we do this character?

Because I just want to show you that I'm adept at doing characters as I am at writing very pithy jokes.

Now I remember this character not going over all that well.

Well, debatable.

Not that well you mean everybody hated it, sure.

But if you mean that I had a good time doing it, then no.

So point being is that.

I think there are a lot of fans out there actually.

Right.

That were not really.

Did you hear this episode?

Yeah.

You did it on two different episodes, didn't you?

Yeah.

So, truth be told, doesn't need to have heard it because there's an origin story here that you don't know about.

Which is that me and Adam, we used to do.

That character is from a two man show that we used to do in Chicago back at the Third City Theater.

Wait, a twofer duo?

A twofer.

Wow.

That's what we call it in the biz.

Business.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, we did like Thursday through Sunday shows.

Just the two of us.

Thursday through Sunday morning shows.

When you say a two character show, you were both playing characters or you were both playing the same character?

I was playing Jack and he was playing my brother-in-law that also, he works at a lumber yard too and his name's Brian.

At the same lumber yard or a different lumber yard?

Same lumber yard.

Well, it's Jack's lumber yard and I work there.

Oh, okay.

Or Brian works there.

I also don't want to spoil.

I think that maybe this was the problem with the characters.

You didn't really have anyone to interact with in your world so this would probably be really interesting to see you kind of bounce off of each other.

Well, I mean our show actually was mostly a moderator asking us questions so it works out that you're here.

Oh, okay.

Okay, great.

Yeah, I mean the Jack character does kind of light up and come to life when he's bouncing stuff off of another character.

Yeah, that tends to happen because you don't see a lot of one person movies, you know what I mean?

That's right.

So it would be great to see you guys in scene work.

Yeah.

And then, you know, if you ask me- Been half of my dinner with Andre.

Yeah, if you ask me, City Slickers, that was a Daniel Stern movie.

Yeah.

City Slickers, too.

That was a Bruno Kirby movie.

Yeah.

All right, so that sounds great.

Anyway, so Chelsea- Wait, wait.

Do you want us to do it?

Oh, is that- oh, you guys actually wanted to do the characters?

Yeah.

That's why we're here.

We're the ketchup and mustards.

We wore our red and yellow shirts.

Paris is wearing a yellow shirt and Adam is wearing a red shirt and that- Well, this is just for old time's sake because that's what we used to wear at our shows because it was called the ketchup and mustards.

Every 8 a.m. Thursday through Sunday at the Third City Theater.

The Third City?

What do you mean the Third City?

In Chicago.

It was a little smaller than the Second City and it was down the street.

The Second City is actually a nickname of- okay, never mind.

All right, so, and your name's Brian?

Well, are we- My character's name is Brian.

I don't know if you've officially- Character's name?

If we've entered.

Okay, so do you need to do anything to prepare for this?

Any kind of- Well, I'll- we'll do the entrance.

Okay.

All right.

Ready?

Creek.

Slam.

Sit.

Hello?

Hey.

Hey, Jack.

Well, it's great to- it's great to meet you but, well, I mean, Jack, you and I have met before.

Indeed.

And, Brian, this is our first time meeting.

It is, it is.

Hi.

It's great to- great to meet you both.

So now you're- we're taping this at night.

Are you coming from a long day at the lumberyard?

Yeah.

Well, I mean, I worked today.

Jack- Jack worked as well.

Worked.

Not too long.

It was pretty normal.

Nine to five?

Well, nine to 530.

I got in at 845.

I just had a little- little bit of work to do before- Right, and then I had a little bit after so I stayed a half hour late.

I'm surprised.

I mean, I would think- I just want to jump in for a second.

I would think that- Hi.

What's your name?

Oh, I'm Chelsea.

Hi.

Nice to meet you both.

Hello.

Nice to meet you.

Jack, Brian.

Cool flannels.

My question is, I feel like, wouldn't you get up at 6 a.m. and be like having coffee and cutting down trees early- earlier in the day?

Well, maybe if we were- if we worked- if we were lumbermen.

Lumberjacks.

Being in the lumber trade, you'd think you would know these terms.

I do.

That's actually what we call it on the yard.

Oh, I- lumbermen.

Oh, yeah.

But we- we work at the lumberyard.

The lumber's already been cut down.

Yeah.

It's already been treated and greased.

I do a lot of administrative stuff.

Hmm.

Like payroll or- Paypal and just general- like some HR and just general- HR?

Yeah, I- As in like human resources?

Yeah, I do- I do the lion's share of the hiring and the firing.

Okay.

Are you high?

Right now?

What?

No, no, no.

Jack doesn't get high, Jack.

Oh, sorry.

I'm a family man.

I have three lovely girls.

Okay.

No offense.

How old are your girls?

Two.

Thirty.

Two.

And thirty-five.

Wait.

Thirty?

You have two.

And thirty-five?

Yes.

So, that's quite a- that's quite a gap between the thirty-year-old and the two-year-old.

It's our little miracle.

Wait.

Thirty-two.

Two.

What is it?

No, thirty.

Thirty.

Two.

Two years old.

And thirty-five.

Thirty-five.

Thirty-oh, and then we just had one little two-year-old.

Yeah, it's disorienting.

You say thirty-two and thirty-five.

We don't know what to think.

They are beautiful girls.

Do you have a family?

Brian?

I'm hoping to start one soon.

My wife, Patrice's- Patrice?

Patrice's.

Patrice's is Jack's sister.

Well, really?

Yeah, that's how we came to know each other.

Not working at the lumber yard?

Well, no, that's how I got the job at the lumber yard.

Oh, I see.

Oh, great.

So your kids will be related.

Well, yeah, they'll be cousins.

That's fun, though, right?

Well, yeah, it's a really good job.

No, I mean, having kids that are- anyway.

Well, we don't have kids yet.

We're hoping to start a family soon.

Best of luck.

Thank you.

Marjorie, my wife, is his sister.

So then you're really going to share a lot of DNA, those kids.

Wait a minute.

Patrice's- Patrice's is- And Marj- And Marj- Wait.

Is Jack's sister, and Marjorie is my sister.

Okay.

Interesting.

So how did you not know each other before- We just had never crossed paths.

And then once you did, it sort of like- Well, I needed a job.

So Jack was kind enough.

We were having dinner- Even though you had never met?

No.

We had met by this point.

Oh, okay.

But just once before.

And we were having dinner at my and Patrice's house, and Jack said, why don't you come on by?

What were you doing before that?

What was your job before?

I worked at Chipotle.

Which I love.

That's such a change.

Do you like being outdoors more?

I wanted to get outdoors.

I was a manager at Chipotle, so I kind of walked away from a really solid job, and- But it sounds like you didn't have anything to walk out to, because you said you needed a job, so Jack said come on by.

Well, I just was looking for a change.

Oh, I see.

So Jack said, why don't you come on down?

And now he works there.

He handles the pine and the ply and the luan, and the derbies, the pinewood derby cars.

Wait a minute.

You guys make pinewood derby cars?

For the Cub Scouts and stuff, yeah.

Oh, okay.

And that's strictly under your purview?

Yeah, I'm in charge of that.

That's your Ballywick?

I put him in charge.

After a while, he showed that he was up to it, and I gave him the pinewood derby.

You gave him the Scouts account?

Gave him the big Scouts account.

We make quite a few of those every year.

How many?

Twelve.

Per year.

But that's, I mean, they take a long time, I'm sure.

Yeah, well, we focus on one per month, because there are 12 months every year.

So as soon as the derby's over, you get right back in there and you start thinking.

Yeah, I'm doing other stuff concurrently.

It's a good job.

You know, what's funny, because this is a comedy program, I can tell you a funny story.

Sure, I'd love to hear one, yeah.

A customer came in and said, I want four two-by-fours.

They just needed four two-by-fours for them.

They were building a table.

Right.

What about an eight-by-sixteen?

Well, what's funny is that...

Seems like they might come up short building a table, which is...

That kind of pertains to the humor of it, is that the actual measurement of a two-by-four is a quarter-inch shorter on each side.

And so it's technically a one and three-fourths by three and three-fourths.

And so I was like...

You were like...

Sorry.

Quite vernacular.

Yeah.

It seemed to be atypical of the way you usually talk.

So I told the fellow, are you sure you need...

Do you need exactly two-by-four, or do you need one three-quarter, three and three-quarters?

And then Brian was there, and he laughed.

And...

It was funny.

So, yeah.

Wait, and that's the end of the story?

Well, it's a good lumber story.

Yeah.

If you're a lumber man...

For a lumber story, it's good.

If you're a lumber man, then...

Yeah.

Did he end up getting what he wanted, or did he leave dissatisfied?

No.

He left happy.

Everyone always leaves happy when Carl's...

That's what it says.

Who is Carl again?

My father.

Your father.

Okay.

Which would be my...

Father-in-law.

Okay.

And so you'd known him for a while.

Well, he passed on.

Oh, okay.

Sorry.

A tree fell on him.

A tree fell on him?

Well, a stack of lumber.

It used to be a tree.

So a former tree fell on him.

We call it trees, but for you guys, it's just lumber.

Did he see it?

Did he call it paper trees?

Yeah.

He called it pretty much anything that came from trees.

Bring down three trees, I'm just saying.

Bring down the equivalent of three trees in lumber form.

That's like several thousand pencils.

Yeah, bring down all the trees, and it's just this giant thing of a container filled with cars.

That's...

Look.

The Cub Scout cars.

Oh, the Pinewood Derby cars.

You keep them all in a giant container.

Yeah, we keep one tree's equivalent of Pinewood Derby cars per container.

Okay, so maybe about four and a half cars.

It's 4,000 cars to make up one tree.

Wait.

Once you're done with the cars, you keep them or...?

We keep them.

We do 12 per year, and we keep them.

How many till 4,000?

We're selling 4,000 of the Boy Scouts in 20 years.

Interesting.

And also my math is off there, so it could be like 300 years.

Really interesting operation that got going there down at Carl's.

Also we opened a sister store, it's Carl's Jr.

It is.

And what do you sell there?

Lumber.

Oh, okay.

It is called Carl's Jr. Burgers.

Is it called that?

It's called Carl's Jr.

It is?

Yeah, it really is.

I'm crying.

Okay.

You're crying at the memory of Carl?

Oh, my dad.

Oh, yeah.

But it's called Carl's Jr. Sandburgers.

Jack, Jack, are you okay?

Jack.

Oh, my God.

He's having a manic episode.

I just missed him.

Wait.

It was your dad that died?

I thought it was your dad.

No, it was his father-in-law.

Father-in-law.

It was Jack's dad.

Patrice's.

Did you feel like you had said everything you had to say to him before he went?

No.

I had.

I did not.

There's a lot left unsaid.

Father and son relationships are complicated.

Yeah.

And I think I- I think you would probably disagree with him about adding that whole hamburgers to the Carl's Jr.

Yes.

He thought, well, if we're just going to sell lumber, people might confuse it with the Carl's Jr. hamburger shop.

Right.

I said, but that's good.

They'll come there.

And then a pile of- And then he goes, wanting burgers.

They'll come there.

And I said, so we'll sell burgers too.

And then it was right at that moment that he died.

Yeah.

After he had signed a contract.

Yeah.

And then also there was this drama.

He wanted 13 Pinewood cars made a year, and then me and Brian were like, what?

But he also had a crazy idea to change the Gregorian calendar to 13 months a year, right?

Yeah.

He did.

And he did it.

He did it.

Yeah.

He was successful.

Yeah.

The modern Gregorian calendar that people still use is now 13 months.

Yeah.

Definitely.

Because of Carl.

This is Jr.

The hamburgers.

Oh, I should also say his last name was Sjunior.

Right.

And so your last name was Junior.

Right.

Jack Sjunior.

Sjunior.

Yes.

Not just Junior, but Sjunior.

S-J-U-N-I-O-R.

Did Patrice's keep her maiden name or she hyphenated?

She took my name.

And what is your last name?

Pieces.

Her name was Patrice's Pieces.

Patrice's Pieces.

Yeah.

Okay.

So Brian Pieces.

Do you want to know what my father's name was?

Yeah.

I'd love to hear it.

Reese's.

All right.

This is a crazy family.

Yeah.

There's a lot.

There's a lot here.

So a lot more going on than the last time, Jack, stopped by.

A lot more drama.

That is true.

I guess we just really scratched the surface last time.

Yeah.

I can really see how this is coming to life here.

You bring someone along, especially someone that's family.

We get along very well.

So things are bound to come up.

You guys ever have a fight or any kind of interpersonal conflicts?

Sure.

How long have you known each other now?

Fourteen years.

And in those 14 years, some things are bound to come up, I'm sure.

Maybe describe your biggest fight, your biggest blowout.

It would have been the forest fire preparedness week we had to deal with.

Yeah.

He slept with Marjorie.

It was during forest fire preparedness.

I don't know why you would describe it, why that comes to mind.

It's a big week for us.

It gets the blood going.

So I ended up sleeping with Marjorie, but we've definitely.

That's your wife.

That is my wife.

And your sister.

That's my sister.

Oh my God.

Man, I just put that together.

You guys are freaks.

You didn't even realize that?

I thought that's why you were so mad.

No, I would have been more in awe or shock than anything, shock and awe.

But I was mad because you slept with my wife.

I didn't even realize.

Yeah, the implications and the just.

Boy.

How was it?

It was, you know, it was my sister.

So it was, it was great.

Wait, that's, that doesn't necessarily follow.

Well, I mean, if you think about it, you think about I'm going to sleep with someone.

Then you think about, oh, my sister.

Then you, you would just assume it would be great.

And it was great.

Hmm.

Okay.

Not sure I follow that.

I guess it is.

Yeah.

It's a sibling thing.

I don't know.

But you guys, you guys patched it up though.

We were fine.

How long ago was that?

We patched her up.

How, how long ago did that happen?

Six.

Days ago?

Six.

Yeah.

Forest fire prevention week was, yeah, six days ago.

It was last week.

Yeah, it was last week.

You guys might be in a little bit of shock.

I mean, I feel like you've been through things I can't even imagine.

You watch your dad get hit by lumber and die.

You opened a new company.

You watched this man have sex with your wife, his sister.

You watched, right?

You had sex with your sister.

You watched.

But you, you know, you did sleep with Patrice.

I did.

Wait a minute.

Patrice's?

Patrice's.

I call her Patrice, but yeah, Patrice's.

Your sister?

Yeah.

I just realized that.

Oh my God.

You really aren't putting together that we- The familial connections.

Yeah.

That we commit incest.

Wow.

That's heavy.

I thought you knew that.

I thought that's why this was all so weird.

Have you guys seen Game of Thrones?

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, what?

Did you like it?

I did.

I really like Game of Thrones very much.

I like a lot.

Just Sunday night for me just belongs to HBO.

Just put me in front of a TV and- Me too.

Put HBO on and I'm there.

Yeah, yeah.

Do you want to hear my Sharona parody song about Game of Thrones?

Sure.

Yeah.

Jack, I didn't- You're my moon and stars.

My moon and stars.

My, my, my Khaleesi.

Good.

Now, that's, you're still Jack, right?

Yes.

So, did you guys feel like you super related to a lot of themes in it?

Mm-hmm.

Why- I don't, I didn't really pick up on any themes.

I have a question.

Why didn't, why didn't you guys just marry your own sisters?

It sounds like you- Wanted.

That's what you really wanted to do.

Yeah.

It's illegal.

It's solely the only reason.

So- But you're still committing, is that illegal to have sex with your sister?

Yes, as we found out.

Oh, wait.

You both found out?

Yes.

You got arrested?

Yes.

Yeah.

Who did?

Well, we, when it happened, we each called the police on the other one.

Wait, was it happening at the same time?

Yeah.

Same room.

And you were both on the phone at the same time calling the police?

Yeah.

While we were fucking our sisters.

Making love.

Did that add to the- Sorry, sorry, Jack.

Sorry about my language.

Yeah.

I'm still- It's your sister.

It's my wife we're talking about.

Make love to your wife, you fucker sister.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

I'll give you that.

It was six days ago.

Six days ago, the police came and then what happened, you guys?

They arrested you.

Is the court- They put us into assault together down at County.

Were the sisters involved, were they arrested too as they were willing participants?

They ran and we still have not seen them.

Really?

Yeah.

So they're just out there somewhere.

Yeah.

And they have their clothes with them?

They have their clothes and we have our money stash buried.

Wait.

Wait, hold on.

We have, he said we have our money stash buried.

What's that?

Yeah.

How does one stash bury something?

Wow.

Where you stash it by burying it.

It's a stash bury.

Oh, I see.

So they know where that stash bury is?

Yeah.

That reminds me, we should break out that stash bury pie.

Yeah.

I have it.

Okay.

Let's break it out.

That looks good.

Let me- All right.

So while we eat the stash bury pie, anything else, I hope the court case goes well for you guys.

Do you have an arraignment date yet or- Well, we're suing each other and- Oh, so it's a civil case.

But you're very calm.

You seem pretty like- Well, we have a lumber- We get along very well.

We have a lumber store to run.

Right.

Yeah.

Are other employees shocked at this, at what transpired or have they heard about it or- Are there other employees?

No.

It's just us.

Oh my God.

That sounds like so claustrophobic.

You got me in HR, you got him in the pine woods, and that's it.

This operation sounds strange.

You were there hiring and firing people and doing payroll, and it seems like your only responsibilities are three types of wood and then making these cars.

I make cars and I deal with the trees, which is just lumber or cars put into boxes or stacks.

Right, right.

We got this description.

And it's an outdoor store, you were saying.

Well, I work the forklift.

I don't know how to work it very well.

Okay.

I'm still learning.

Okay.

But I have to organize and stack all of the trees.

So why did you... Obviously, you needed help at the store.

Did this happen when Carl died?

Is he taking Carl's place?

Yeah.

Well, no one works at Carl's Jr.

Really?

We're both at Carl's.

So no one is there flipping the burgers?

Well, there aren't any hamburgers.

That's just the name of the place.

Well, there was a brief period where we sold burgers, but that didn't work out.

So no one's there.

Is the store open?

It is open.

No one works there.

Yeah.

I mean, you could go there right now if you want.

We put out a jar.

Oh, is this like the honor system?

Yeah.

Wow, guys.

Well, a couple of interesting characters here.

Thank you.

Should we come out?

Come out.

Should we come out of it?

Oh, oh, you're meaning should the men inside your bodies who are telling you what to do, should you come out and... Okay, yeah, sure.

Just give us two knocks on the table and we're out.

Okay.

So do we need to be successive knocks or can they...

Or do we need... Should we exit the room?

Yeah, we need to exit.

Okay.

Sorry.

We're going to get out of here.

It was nice to meet you guys.

Oh, dead out.

Nice to meet you, Brian.

Peaceies.

And best of luck with your lawsuit and your grieving and- Thank you.

Your companies.

Thank you.

All right.

Stand up.

Walk out.

Creek.

Slam.

Hey.

Hey, guys.

Oh, wow.

Hey, guys.

A terrorist.

Woof.

Boy, that was some intense scene work.

That was verbatim the show that we used to put up in Chicago.

Yeah, I mean, a lot of people may not have realized this, but you gave me a script and I shared it with Chelsea.

Yeah.

Good job, you guys.

Thank you.

Yeah, we got really close there for a little bit because you were reading over my shoulder.

Yes.

And- And in the Chicago, yeah, she was played by Sharna Halpern when we were in Chicago.

Yeah.

And who played my character in Chicago?

Who was it?

What was it?

Oh, it was- James Lipton.

Yeah.

Oh, that guy.

That's fantastic and that's as long as the show is, right?

Yeah.

So, what kind- We do it at 8 a.m. Thursday through Sunday.

And what kind of reception would this receive?

Well, I mean, overwhelmingly, there weren't many people there.

On Thursday mornings, it was tough to get people to come in because people had to go to work and stuff.

And same with Fridays.

And then weekends, I guess people just didn't want to come.

Mm-hmm.

Are you shitting?

Yeah.

Well, thanks, guys.

I- Yeah.

Thanks for letting us do that here.

Yeah.

It was good to kind of get that out again.

Should we do another poll about what people thought about- Yeah.

Let's get another poll going on.

So, if you want to hear these two guys return, go to EarWolf.com.

If you want to hear these guys return, vote yes.

I want Harris, no, sorry, yes, I want Jack, what was your last name again?

Oh, it's Jr.

Jack Jr.

It's Jr.

Well, because my dad's name was Carl.

Carl.

It's Jr.

Yeah.

So, Jack Jr.

Yeah.

If you want Jack Jr. and Brian Pieces- Pieces.

Pieces.

Sorry.

He put a little flair to it.

If you want them to come back on the show, vote yes.

And if you want Harris never to return, vote no.

Adam's cool.

And let's take a break and when we come back, Chelsea, you have some exciting news.

Yes.

Okay.

I'm just going to tease that.

Let's go to a song and when we come back, we'll get to what Chelsea wants us to talk about.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

This one goes out from the bottom of our hearts to the most important lady in our lives.

It's time to pay some respect.

I hope you're proud of us.

Because we're proud of you.

Mama.

You raised me right.

Mama.

Show me the light.

Mama.

Through pain and strife.

Mama.

You gave us life.

When I fell down, you were there to pick me up.

When I felt bad, you were there to build me up.

You gave everything you had in the world to me.

And you made me the man I'm supposed to be.

Jay, even though I don't say it often enough, I appreciate everything you did for us.

Never take it for granted because it ain't hard to see.

The best parts of you were now a part of me.

Mama.

And when I was gone, you were gone.

Mama.

Never take it for granted because it ain't hard to see.

The best parts of you were now a part of me.

Mama.

And when I was cold outside, you kept us warm and held us down.

My boys, who went to bed.

Mama, get out!

I'm in the studio!

Just checking on my guy.

Get out of here!

We're making a track, you idiot!

Just leave!

Go!

You suck, mama!

You're my one true love, my heart, my mom.

Showing respect in the form of this song.

So when life gets hard and it makes you cry, I'll always be there to wipe a drip from your eyes.

Mama's my number one fan, my best friend.

And I'll never disrespect you.

Mama!

You asshole!

I told you not to make eye cuffs, feed me!

Mama!

I know you said you weren't hungry, but I made ants on a log.

Please!

No!

Go!

Yeah, go!

Now how's your little club going?

Not a club!

It's a wrapspill.

Why leave him here anyway and eat him if you...

Fuck?

Go to hell, mama!

She's an angel on earth, with invisible wings, a butt that went above, in summer, winter or spring.

Oh, fuck!

Oh my God!

Fuck you!

�� Fucking God diaphragm.

I hope you fucking die.

She jumped in front of a bullet and конica ate my mom.

You gotta go, go, split, because she will never see her home.

Nevermind, I found them!

God!

Oh my god!

There's nothing wrong with you, asshole!

Alright, everything okay?

Shut the fuck up, Jill!

Hey, be nice today.

Fuck damn!

Can't believe you have sex with that guy!

This goes out to all the moms It's time to protect their kids from crime Love must not go to waste No matter what they say, you're beautiful Push your liners in the sky Wave them back and side to side Just be a lost man alone Let our voices guide you home Look out now!

We're here with the girls, they were just treating us with some of their scene work and speaking of scene work I look to my left and Chelsea Chaz Palminteri Peretti is here and she has a surprise announcement You're about to do something you were telling me you've never done on the show before Yeah, I haven't and I just kind of wanted to spread my wings I'm always looking to grow and challenge myself and kind of just bring new stuff to each new day So you're returning to your first love the theater And what I've done is I'm just trying to assemble a series of characters that like any talented person I can go on the road and do a one woman show and kind of, you know, lattice work Lattice work Adam, you are an actor Lattice work these characters together into a stage piece That's a common...

Well, we all know what grows on lattice So, alright, Chelsea So, anyhow, what I thought I would do is just give you guys a little taste and some of this has a little give and take to it Give and take in what respect?

Well, I might need you to prompt a character for example, with a question or two and then, you know, I'd love to just get your honest feedback, I'm open to grow After each one or after the...

After each one, they're kind of just little tastes Okay, so let us dip our beak into... Yes A lot of beak dipping So, this character This character I don't have a name for her yet It could be Rosa An ethnic type character Yeah, but she's the curious Latina She's a curious Latina Might see her out and about in maybe a New York City street What'd you say?

Now, when do you start doing this character?

Was that it?

Oh, wait, that was it?

That's her She's curious about what...

The title of the character was 100% accurate Yeah Is that her just walking down the street and you just hear a fragment of a conversation?

Yeah, like, maybe it's better I wasn't developing it for this medium but maybe it's better if I get off the mic a little more Try it again Let's see some of the physicality of...

What'd you say?

Not bad, yeah, that helped a lot Adam, as an actor yourself as one of America's finest actors Thanks, Scott You've done drama, you've done comedy You've done some roles that have a little bit of both I've done stage work Stage work, sure And TV and stuff I'll say, Chelsea, when you stood up and kind of projected up to the ceiling I started thinking like, oh, is she yelling up a brownstone to her friend that's up there on the windowsill and they're having a conversation There's an actor's term for that when you yell up to an imaginary ceiling An imaginary brownstone Fortune shoot So you were fortune shooting What's the term when you're yelling to an imaginary brownstone?

In a theater piece Browning fortune Very closely linked I was doing that Brown the fuck out of that fortune, that was great Thank you Is she curious about anything else or is that the only particular piece of information that she's missing?

Oh, God What is this?

You didn't do the stand up message Brownstone Browning fortune What is this?

Oh, so maybe now Rosa is mad at a boyfriend?

Or is she holding up an item I could do something mad with a girlfriend that could be interesting. Who is this?

Who is this?

What is this? Who is this?

What if she doesn't know where something is? What kind of thing would she say?

Where's the thing?

Well, interesting Rosa doesn't even know what it is she's looking for Where's the thingy?

Alright Where you put the thingy?

What if she doesn't know why she's looking for it?

Why am I looking for this thingy?

We are really opening her up What if she can't even see when she's saying it because it's so dark Oh, why is it so dark in here?

Yeah What else do you want her to do?

That's spot on You got any other requests?

Where she's hungry Why I'm so hungry Oh, she doesn't even know why she's hungry Because she hasn't eaten in a while She's out of touch with her body She's just always searching And that's why I kind of Does she ever make statements?

That's a character that I relate to It's hot in here Alright, well enough time with that character I have some other ones This one is a vegetarian robot Vegetarian robot I don't eat meat It's definitely vegetarian Definitely a robot I don't eat meat I don't eat meat, huh Great What would happen if you put a little piece of ground chuck into the receiving whatever it is You mean the robot hole The robot hole I love that The robot hole That wouldn't count as eating meat I feel like I think anytime you put anything in any part of your body, it's eating it No, that's crazy Do you eat a dick when someone's having sex with your butt?

Yeah Pretty much Alright, anything else on the list?

Yeah, are you trying to round it up?

Wrap it up?

Wait I just wanted to know what would happen if you put a piece of ground chuck into I think you asked this already No, but I wanted to see what would happen Oh, you want to see it So you have a piece with you?

In the robot's butt or in its mouth?

Well Choose wisely Let's say the robot's mouth What if I put a piece of ground chuck in there?

I feel like it would just be probably redundantly freak out meat, meat, meat, meat and then there would be sizzling and snapping sounds It cooks with meat?

Yeah It's like a George Foreman grill?

Wow Sizzling, this sounds delicious And then it spits it back out Then it goes back to its catchphrase of just, I don't eat meat So this is like a sentient George Foreman grill who hates its own nature That's right, it's a vegetarian meat grill This sounds really dramatic and really like it's full of pathos This is a great character This is the type of character that an actor dreams of playing because of the conflicts within him or her And that's what's great about being a writer is that you can get in there and kind of roll up your sleeves and write yourself a great part Alright, so what's next on the list?

What do we got?

Let's see Okay, so this one is I'm a woman who thinks everything is interesting So this one I do need you guys to tell me some stuff Conversational, maybe we're on a bus together Okay, hey You know they raised the fare the other day 25 cents Okay, that's interesting They did raise the rate at the Arclight parking garage Okay, I didn't know that and that's interesting But you know, I've noticed that the Arclight started charging a lot for movies about seven, eight years ago, and now it seems like everyone else has followed suit Yeah, you know, I noticed it when they first opened That what?

Judging that?

I guess it can be uninteresting enough for this character You were marinating on that one and not ready to give it up Even the character that thinks everything's interesting didn't think that was interesting No, that is interesting She's generous at least She's got a generous heart What would this character sound like talking to Jack Jr.

and Brian Pieces We take you to the conversation So, you know, a two by four actually is a quarter inch less on each end Okay, I didn't I did not know that and that is interesting You know I sometimes have to move an entire stack of wood from one end of the lumber yard to the other with a really small forklift Boy, neither Adam nor Brian Two sides of the same coin No, guys, for real, for real I thought you'd think that was funnier Good stuff, alright, let's get out of character Alright, Chelsea, do you have something else here?

Walk out, slam Oh, right, you're very committed Hey, guys, it's Adam and Harris Okay, they're back It's so hot in here, huh?

Who is that?

This girl who always feels hot Alright, so another character I'm doing a character right now also Right now?

Yeah No, this is it, that's it Wait, that last one was it?

No, I'll do one last one Don't bail, don't bail on this No, you're right, I won't, I won't This last one's going to be great Alright, here we go, last character, Chelsea Chaz Palminteri Peretti Okay, this lady works constantly, like works so many different jobs Right, so it's a matter of just where does she find the time for sleep and she doesn't, she's constantly tired So about how many jobs does she work?

At any given time So, and she has a need for she has a family to support and a need for a lot of paychecks Right And so this keeps her up most of the day Yeah, you know, she's one of those people one of those crazy characters that you encounter in life who just She has it a little worse off than most of us Yeah, she subsists on four hours sleep a night A lot of us have been there I'm sure a lot of people listening are in the same position and they're listening to the show because they're at work and they're at one of their many jobs and so they can probably relate to this character more than any of the ones that you've done previously Yeah, it's, you know, it's a generous character that I do Okay, great, I'd love to hear it Okay, so, it's called Tired Lady Hold up Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up Oh, okay Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up That's like another character in the meantime Hold up, hold up, hold up Hold up, hold up, hold up I like this This guy's friends with Snoop Snoop, hold up Singing hell yeah from my vehicle That's great, Harris Thank you Alright, so reset, Tired Lady A lot of people gonna relate to it You gotta set it up properly A lot of people can relate to this The working class Finger to the bone type employee, you know Gives it always 110% That's great of her because a lot of people if they're juggling two to three jobs as you say They would maybe half ass Phone it in, yeah This woman, not so with this woman Okay, great Oh Hi You must be so tired Oh I'm gonna hit the hay Was that, that's one of your jobs?

You bail hay?

Yes And then I'm tired, I'm probably trying to get some sleep Are you tired now?

Oh, what?

Are you tired now?

Mmhmm, mmhmm You probably have to get to work pretty soon Yeah, I'm just gonna try to get like Three hours Of work?

Of sleep This is like recessionary, wait at the docks and hope to get Three hours of work I'm so sorry, I'm not thinking straight I'm so tired, I've been What time is it?

It's 3am Oh Shit I'm supposed to be at my other job I came to the wrong job Wait, this is the wrong job?

Came to the hay barn You have to hit hay right now But you're supposed to be, where are you supposed to be?

In the dormitory I'm an RA You bail hay and you're an RA That doesn't seem like That doesn't seem like the kind of job that would make you All that tired So wait, you're an RA at the dormitory You pitch Bails of hay at a farm I take it I'm a contractor A contractor I'm also a contractor What type of contractor?

A home contractor?

Yeah, so I've been up since 6 I've been Just, it never ends You were up since 6 and then what time did you go to bed?

Bed?

What time did you go to bed? You said you were up at 6 I haven't yet That's why I'm so tired You've never slept You've never been to bed?

No That's why you're so tired I'm like delirious You've never been so tired to where you're just like delirious Is that why you work so many jobs?

Because you never go to sleep?

I like the feeling of delirium And I have 8 children Oh my god That's exhausting in and of itself You're telling me, kiddo You're telling me It's very nice to meet you all Really? Yeah Where are you off to now? You didn't spend a lot of time with us Where are you off to?

I'm going to try to sleep in my car for 10 minutes You don't like sleeping?

I just want 10 minutes of shut eye But you've never done it Don't get cranky with me I'm subsisting on very little sleep You say you've never done it You're subsisting on no sleep You said you were up at 6 I mean I guess you were born at 6 At 6 a.m. you were born And then you've never slept I'm just going to try to get 10 minutes I mean I just need like a little 10 minutes You need like 14 hours of sleep You need to be hospitalized You need to be institutionalized No, no, no, no, no I just need a little cat nap A little disco nap?

Alright, well it's very nice to meet you, I know you said that to me but I just wanted to echo that back to you Oh, this is a This is a disco A lot of people taking naps You could take one if you wanted to This is the disco nap room How many hours of sleep do you all get at night?

I usually get probably around 23 That's crazy I've never slept Oh my god You seem to think she was kind of weird I'm constantly yawning I'm just not tired You're a machine Well, yes I am literally a machine Wait a minute, are you a robot?

Do you eat meat? Well, I'm an android I do not eat meat I have someone that you should meet Pardon the pun but you should meet her No, but you should meet her, meaning you should be introduced to her This robot I know You know another robot? I know a robot who doesn't eat meat Claire?

I'll see you guys later when we take off Okay, we'll see you later Claire?

Claire? Are you around?

Can you come in here, Claire?

Yes Hey What was your name, sir?

Persephone I know we've run this disco for the last since 1977 Hey What's your name?

I am the muse Cheryl Excellent, okay That's a guy's name, too So is Persephone Yeah What about Persephone?

Wait a minute, are you still Cheryl? Who said that?

The entire lady that said that So Persephone, I want you to meet Cheryl Ever since 1977 you've talked to me about your quest to find love and you're a robot and you're a robot, Cheryl and it seems like you have a lot in common I know that's not necessarily the basis What are your interests?

Well, first of all, I do not eat meat I don't eat meat Those sound like anti-interests That's what you're not interested in Yes, what do you love?

I love all sorts of things that have nothing to do with meat. I don't eat meat Do you chew gum?

Sure, as long as it's not hamburger gum I'll chew it Just chew that right into the microphone Do you always talk like this?

Yes I'm a robot too and I just talk like a person This disco sucks, man Sir, please, we're not open yet This is the middle of the day People are taking naps Please leave through that egress if you will Did I leave?

See, you don't even know if you left or not You are so tired What are the college kids doing in the dormitory?

What are they doing?

Your responsibility You should be watching them I do, and I am Persephone, do you mind showing this young lady the door?

Sure, right this way Hey, what's up?

No, we're not open, sir Sir, just stand outside We'll be open in about 15 hours You look tired, lady Let's go get some pancakes Alright Come back in 15 hours We'll be open Alright, enough time to take a disco nap Do you have a request I can tell the DJ?

Yeah, probably like staying alive Staying alive, really?

What's your name?

Let me see if he has that one, hold on Let me talk to the DJ Hey, Amadeus Yeah I know we're a disco and all but we got a request from a customer who's going to be here in about 15 hours when your shift starts Thanks for coming in early, by the way No problemo By the way, thanks for learning English for this job, too, really I know you slip back into Spanish every once in a while but I appreciate just your ESL skills No problemo I know this is kind of a weird request but do you have the record Staying Alive Staying Alive by Who, sir?

Yeah, by the Who Staying Alive by the Who, their cover of Staying Alive the Bee Gees song Let me check Are we not getting pancakes?

We'll get pancakes, get back in the car The way he talked to her They just met Yes, Amadeus We never met, what's your name?

My name is the Muse, Cheryl Yeah, Muse Cheryl What'd he say?

Wait, you have the Who's cover of Staying Alive?

I got it right here, you want to hear it?

I would love to hear it Here we go Alright, goodbye to all our characters You ready to play it?

Let's play this Needle drop and Wow, that was good Yeah, you're welcome Alright, well Should we leave this disc alone?

Let's go get some pancakes With these two guys?

Hey, we're going to get pancakes You guys got room in that car?

Yeah, it's a car, man If you don't mind, I'd like to sit in the back seat with this tired little lady right here Oh, God You got it, man Hey, if you don't mind, I'd love to sit shotgun, ride shotgun with you I love it, I love it everything You got me at the dorm after?

After pancakes At the dorm? What are you, an RA or something?

Yeah Really? Do you mind dropping me at the lumber yard?

I need to get a hamburger I eat a lot of meat I don't eat pancakes I don't eat non-meat By the way, I don't eat meat Hey, you're here, get in the car Yeah, I'm here Get in the car, oh wait, you are the car You're both the car Come on, let's jump into Cheryl and go to the pancakes Well, guys That was a great scene, I'm going to call an end to it here Scene, good stuff Good stuff I believe that's the end of our show Oh, my God You can call it that, you can call it that if you want I think we did it, can you believe it?

What if after this we all looked and we had zero followers on Twitter I got a feeling the message boards on this are going to really hurt my feeling Be kind to us, guys It's late at night It is really late It's literally a thousand degrees in here, guys If you want to take that into account, please do I think we only have one last thing that we can do, which is the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plug section Uhhhhhhhhh Time for the best part of the show You know, ladies and gentlemen, every time I listen to the show I think Why are they wasting their fucking time with this bullshit Language Just get to the plugs I just want to hear those plugs Over here is the plugs Oh, hot sauce and milk, please Let me hear those plugs Let me hear those plugs I'm waiting for the hot dog show Just to hear some plugs Let me hear what these people Have to plug, please Let me hear those Alright, that is Let Me Hear Those Plugs by Foam Corner which I think is an apropos choice for this week's show and let's do this round robin style around the horn. Chelsea, what do you have to plug?

Oh my god Anything? Parks and Rec coming up, of course, this show is honoring Parks and Rec. This is a fitting tribute, I think Do you have any stand-up dates coming up?

Ummm, oh man I wasn't anticipating this portion I'm sorry, if you don't have anything you want people to see Oh, I will be. I'm going to be at Town Hall in New York, headlining a show there Never Okay, good Alright Alright, Harris, what do you have?

Ummm, I'll go ahead and give my plug over to Parks and Rec. I'll say Parks and Rec And also Analyze Fish, right? Oh, Analyze Fish If you haven't heard Analyze Fish It's out, it's on the Europe site and I think that there's going to be another installment that we'll do. Basically, what happened was we taped the first one a little while ago and then our plan was we were going to do another one in episode 2 and then episode 3 was I was going to go to the Fish concert with you Right, that did not happen. None of that happened No. And we have yet to tape episode 2 Why didn't you go?

Yeah, I invited him Was there a recent Fish show? Yeah, at the Hollywood Bowl last Monday. When isn't there a recent Fish show?

That is true. Was it awesome?

Yeah, it was great. He's wearing the shirt right now It was a classic show. Well, this is from Miami New Year's We'll talk later about it. When is the next show in case I want to go to that one? Denver Labor Day Weekend. Are you going?

I'm a Bumbershoot that weekend. When's the one after that that I could go to with you? I don't know We'd have to go on tour. We'd have to fly We can fly somewhere. If there are enough fans of the show who want us to fly somewhere donate to Earwolf under I don't know where. But just earmark it as you want us to fly to Fish And listen to that show. It's basically, if you haven't heard it yet, it's where Harris tries to get me to like the band Fish and I do not Not yet. And Adam, what do you like to plug?

Parks and Rec starts September 22nd. Great night.

I'm in Our Idiot Brother that opens August 26th Our Idiot Brother and Parks and Rec comes out September 22nd or 4th? It's the 22nd That's the Thursday. 22nd and I have nothing to plug other than Analyze Fish. I want everyone to get out there and listen to it and give your opinions on it. And that's it guys. Thank you so much for coming out here Good night. Thanks Hot Saucerman Appreciate your great scene work Would you say guys that this is the show if you want to be an actor in Hollywood to listen to? Absolutely Alright guys, we will see you next week Thanks for listening. Bye!
