---
layout: page
title: 121. Jimmy Pardo,Paul Rust,Rob Delaney [7838⧸21004].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Well, summer is ending, it's Labor Day, and it's time to put your feet up and relax.

We have a nice, relaxed show for you today with some of my favorite guests.

We have Jimmy Pardo from the Never Not Funny podcast, as well as Paul Rust, who you know from the band Don't Stop or We'll Die and his own comedy.

And then Rob Delaney, first time on the show. You may know him from Twitter.

All of that and more, all on today's Comedy Bang Bang.

Hey there, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. We're too loud for one of our guests right now.

It's too loud, you're too old, brother.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. I am, of course, the world famous Scotta Bot, aka Hot Saucerman, aka the Navajo. And welcome to another edition of Comedy Bang Bang. And this is kind of a special one for me because, you know, it's the end of summer and it's Labor Day weekend, basically, and going to my Bumbershoot shows tomorrow and just kind of wanted to do a nice, laid-back, relaxed show with some bros. Just kind of like talking to bros and having bro talk.

So, you know, we don't have any of the characters planned today.

You don't know that.

Really? Can you expect something?

Yeah, you don't know he's going to show up over here. You know I'm a man of a thousand voices.

Jimmy does have sweatpants on.

I would love to hear more than the one.

What?

You say you have a thousand? I'd love to hear a second.

You've not been listening to my program lately. I've got a lot of characters in the bag, a lot of new guys.

All right, let me explain exactly who you're hearing. First of all, when I conceptualized a show of just hanging out and talking to people, I knew there was one guy that I had to have.

He is an old, old friend of mine. The very reason I maybe even have a show is because I was influenced by his show and I was on his show and gained some sort of popularity from it.

You know him as the host of one of the best podcasts in the world, Never Not Funny.

Jimmy Pardo is here.

Hello, Scott.

Welcome to you, Jimmy.

Hello to you. I am, as Rob alluded to, I am wearing my sweatpants. I'm actually wearing everything I went to bed in last night. This whole morning broke bad on me. I had a cable situation. Then I had another fella not show up over at the apartment that I'm leasing for my mother who is moving here to Los Angeles.

Oh, congratulations.

Sorry, I had no idea.

Yes. Hey, one of us smacked me, right? Then I had a race over here. As we know, I pushed this back 30 minutes. I apologize.

As we all know.

Everybody in the room knows. Everybody in the room, the world doesn't.

I would expect they were listening to it 30 minutes later than they expected to.

Hey, let's start. This is 10.30. They get behind. 11 o'clock, they're finally in.

In fact, if you're not, I recommend turning it off and wait in a half hour.

Why not?

Then get in, right? So if you remember, set your timer on your alarm.

Absolutely.

I think those words are kind of synonymous, timer and alarm.

You recommend I set the timer right on the alarm?

All right, let me introduce our other guests. That is, of course, trademark Jimmy Pardo.

Oh, sure.

To my left, I have an old friend of mine. You know him as the what is stronger than steel. Paul Rust.

Hello.

Is here.

Hi. Hi, Scott. Hi, Jimmy.

Paul.

I won't greet the people who have not been introduced yet.

Please don't.

I'm a slave to decorum.

And to my right, I've been meaning to have him on the show for a long time.

He's one of the funniest guys on Twitter and a great comedian in his own right.

His name is Rob Delaney. Welcome.

Hello. Thank you. Thanks for having me.

This is a handsome room.

It is a handsome room.

It got handsome.

Even the guys operating the controls are handsome.

He's one of the six of us. Look at this. He's super. I'm sitting next to Superman.

This guy's so stinkin' handsome. That's not saying that you're not attractive men.

But look at what I'm next to.

You're sitting across from Jimmy Olsen, though.

Yeah, you're right.

To the left is Clark Kent.

And then...

Across is Jimmy Olsen.

Where do I land?

Perry White?

Lex Luthor.

Are we at the Daily Planet? Is that our location?

Yeah.

Lex Luthor with a beautiful hair piece.

Really? I think more Two-Face, but that's a different comic.

Two-Face? Really? What do you mean?

I think half your face is handsome.

Wait a minute. What do you mean? I've got a Bell's palsy like you.

Hey, I don't have it anymore.

It's pretty much like you, as if it's something I walk around my whole life with.

Hey, once an alcoholic, always an alcoholic.

Nah, brother. Same with the Bell's.

When LL Cool J's Rock the Bell's comes on, do you ever think back to those great years?

Ever my face goes numb.

When you see the Bell's on Law & Order, do you also think of it?

Again, the whole face. I have to turn a left...

A blind eye?

Face to it.

A droopy eye.

I have to... Jimmy had Bell's palsy, which is a disease that strikes one in 1,000 people on Earth.

I have no statistics.

I forget what the statistics were, but basically what happens is you wake up and half of your face will not work.

That's right.

And you think that you have had a stroke.

Yes.

And instead you are greeted with the better news, I think, that you have Bell's palsy.

Some people have Bell's palsy for 20 years.

Right.

My Uncle Bill had Bell's palsy. Never went back. Sort of. I mean, it's sort of like...

It's a lot like going black.

I wish my face was black.

Did you ever call it Uncle Bill's palsy?

I'm going to.

Well, Paul, me. So it was Uncle Bill's palsy.

Hey, now we're talking.

It was nice that he included me.

I have a new disease, guys. On my face, I have alopecia areata, which if you can see it, I've got these bald spots appearing within my beard.

And much like Bell's palsy, it can come and go. For me, it's been staying for quite a while.

It's been here about a year.

But it affects the stubble, huh?

Yeah. Alopecia is like if you see a person with no hair at all on their body, that's alopecia.

But I have alopecia areata, which I think is Latin for just on your face, asshole.

So now I have to shave all the time.

Those Latins are very rude.

They are.

Also, just so I'm clear, alopecia is who we blame for 9-11, right?

Correct, yes. They're wholly responsible.

Hairless white people.

So it should be gone. I mean, we lost the number one and number two in alopecia.

You think we're going to be defeated. Fun.

Well done.

A lot of voices.

It's not, yeah, I can see you, especially on your chin there.

Yeah, yeah, it's a big spot.

Does it make you want to be clean shaven?

Yeah, so I usually shave since, you know, this won't be televised.

I thought, fuck you guys, I don't care.

But I like the revolution.

When I'm on TV, I do shave.

But I could get it fixed.

What would you do to fix it?

You can get like cortisone shots in your face.

So I don't know if I care enough.

Do you do a comb over a beard?

Yeah, I suppose.

Oh, yeah, if I grew my beard long enough, that would kill any problem.

If you need it bad enough, I can give you a cortisone shot to the face.

Thank you.

I appreciate that.

Do you carry them with you for other reasons?

Oh, yeah, no problem.

OK.

We'll just talk after the show.

I think you should do it on air.

Why would you wait on that?

Seems like it's a real help me live.

Let me ask you a question.

Have the four of us ever been in the same room at the same time?

I'm sure we've all been at the UCB at the same time.

I don't think by ourselves.

I think this is a special occasion.

I think we've each been individually in a single room by ourselves at the same point.

Yeah, that is likely.

We grew up lonely.

And now, and that led us to here.

Well, it's fantastic having you guys here.

I just want to do...

Thanks for having us.

Good night.

I just want to do bro talk.

I just want to...

If you say it one more time, I'm taking this away from you.

I would punch Delaney, but I don't know if that disease would get on my knuckles.

Which are pretty hairy.

I don't really have a lot of stuff planned.

I just kind of wanted to talk about stuff and just...

I mean, I do have one little feature plan.

We can do it later if you want, but we could play games if you want.

Yes, play games.

You like the games, Jimmy?

I love games.

I love any sort of format, structure.

I love it.

I'm in.

I love structure.

All right.

Well, you know what we could do.

Why don't we do the...

Okay.

Yeah.

Let's do our first game then, what we should do.

This always loosens everybody up.

I'm ready to go.

Robbie, you good?

Yes, sir.

You know, it's right before Labor Day.

It's relaxed.

It's the end of summer.

We're just growing out, having fun.

Jimmy literally punched me because you said that.

I warned you.

Let's play a little game that we like to call What Am I Thinking?

All right, it's time to play What Am I Thinking?

Hopefully the game will take a little less time than that.

I may know what you're...

All right, go ahead.

All right, so we all know how this is played.

Basically, we're going to break up into teams of two.

Who wants to pair off?

Whoever calls it, balls it.

Maybe Paul and I will play because it's confusing to go diagonal across each other, so that'll add an element of difficulty.

And who am I with, one of these guys?

No, no, no, me and you then.

But who's running it?

I'll run it, but it doesn't take...

I can play and run it.

Don't you know the answers?

No, no, no, no.

I know what I'm thinking.

You're the Woody Allen of podcasting.

I may not know how to play this game.

No, I'll explain it.

Walk Rob through it.

I'm sorry to step over whatever the joke was.

It's okay, it's okay.

I'll find a way to bring it back later.

You're crying?

I'm crying and bawling.

That's my two hats that I wear.

All right, here we go.

We all know how this is played.

Basically, oh, first, before we play, we got to figure out who we're playing for.

So Paul, who are you going to play for?

The Mets.

The Mets, great.

And Jimmy, who do you like to play for?

I like to play for the cable gentleman that was an hour late today.

Okay, so he'll get all the glory.

I'm playing on his behalf.

If you win, all right.

And Rob, who do you like to play for?

Cornell Weston to have a smiley.

Very good.

And of course, I traditionally play for Orange County, where I'm from.

May I backpedal?

Yes.

I'm not so mad at the cable guy.

He actually handled himself very well.

It was the tub re-glazing fellow that I have an issue with.

And I'm going to play for the tub re-glazing guy.

If you need me to, by the way, I can re-glaze your tub.

How you doing, brother?

No, that's some pro talk.

All right, so what we'll do is first, we'll have the Mets over here represented by Paul, and we'll have Cornell West and Tavis Miley over here.

Corn and Tabs.

How they like to be referred to.

This year on TNT.

And you'll each separately think of a word, okay?

Now, it doesn't have to be one word, necessarily.

It has to be a thing.

So it can be like two words, like the Pink Panther.

Okay.

Or Bill Gates, or it can be a proper name.

It just has to be a thing, you know?

It can be one word.

It can be an adjective.

It can be anything, okay?

Each of you separately think of those in your heads, and then you will together count down from three by saying three, two, one, and then you'll say the word simultaneously that you're thinking of, all right?

Okay.

Ostensibly, there'll be two different words, okay?

Very rarely is it the same word, although it has happened.

Okay.

Now, you will then try to think of a word in your head that those two words have in common, okay?

So if it's Bill Gates and computer, for instance, you would maybe say iTunes or something like that.

You will then count down the same way, three, two, one, and then say the word, and we will keep going until you say the exact same word at the same time, all right?

I think we can get it in two.

It's been done in two.

We'll do it.

Is this some sort of competition where they try to get it less than we do, Scott?

It is, and it also, they can lose if they stumble or hesitate or try to hear what the other person is going to say.

He's having trouble with his stumble because of this alopecia.

Is that gonna be a thing?

It's not inside my mouth.

No, it's only on the exterior.

It's the kind of joke you can hear if you go see Jimmy Parton live, coming to a comedy club near you.

Niche dermatological issues.

All right, so if we both know, and when I say both, I mean all four of us know how the game is played, then we can continue.

All right, so have you both locked into a word?

Yes, sir.

All right, so look into each other's eyes and repeat three, two, one, and then say the word.

Three, two, one, acorn and toe jam.

Acorn and toe jam.

Okay.

All right, think to yourselves.

Can you think of a word that those have in common?

It doesn't have to be exact because you're just trying to narrow it down, but anything that kind of comes to mind for you.

All right, have you locked in?

Yes.

All right, let's count down from three and...

Three, two, one, boot.

Boot and lumberjack, interesting.

It's not bad. Okay, I think I know what I would say, but listeners, have you thought of what you would say?

Yes, goodbye.

So kind of you.

Goodbye followed by click.

Yeah, see, maybe next week will be better.

That's what they're thinking.

The click on their volume bar, you mean.

Yeah, to go up.

And they're saying goodbye to their mother-in-law who just left after vacation, Labor Day.

It is Labor Day.

All right, have you locked in?

Well, we're at boot and lumberjack.

All right, here we go.

And...

Three, two, one, axe.

Flannel and...

That was my second choice.

Flannel and axe.

Was either of those one that you were thinking, Scott?

No, I was thinking Doc Martin, I guess.

Oh, not me.

Because of the type of boots.

What were you thinking, Jimmy?

Or Timbaland, maybe?

I think you're gonna get there eventually.

Oh, okay.

Okay, now bear in mind, you can go back and say a word that has been said before.

You just can't say the word that you just said, if that makes sense.

All right, there's been a lot of discussion about that.

All right, here we go.

So what are they?

We have flannel and axe.

What do they have in common?

And are you locked in?

Yes.

All right, and...

Three, two, one, grunge.

Suspenders and grunge.

Now, Paul was thinking axe like a guitar.

Yes.

All right, so suspenders.

Grunge rockers wore flannel and played axes.

And Larry King loved grunge.

We got suspenders and grunge.

That's why I wrote suspenders, yeah.

Thank you, Paul, for that delayed overlap.

Suspenders and grunge?

I think delayed overlap is a great title for a podcast, by the way.

I got us off with that grunge, man.

No, no, I think I got one.

Grunge and suspenders.

What band wore grunge and suspenders?

I actually think there have been.

I'm not kidding.

The Larry Kings would be a great band if they were grunge and suspenders.

Now, we have to go back, of course, to 1991.

Yeah, sure.

Why does that have to happen?

All right, have you locked in grunge and suspenders?

I've got something.

All right, here we go.

And ready, Paul?

And here we go.

And three, two, one.

Seattle.

Oh, Paul.

Paul hesitated.

He went...

What did you do?

I was gonna say spin doctors.

Then I realized I don't think any member of spin doctors ever wore suspenders.

They're certainly not grunge.

Listeners, can we get a photo on our earwolf.com message?

Whoa, what?

You have an alert in the past?

And it's all the members of spin doctors.

Here's all the spin doctors in the country.

Chris Barron, the singer for that band, they called him the Gumby Messiah.

And my band in high school back in the early 90s, late 80s, early 90s, covered some spin doctors.

Not Two Princes or Prokofil Gripenite.

Did you play that one that goes...

We did do that, yeah, we did.

We did.

And when the bass player from Blues Traveler died, I think in some kind of...

He OD'd Chris Barron.

Blues Traveler has been doctors.

Blues Traveler.

Chris Barron, his best friend, lost his voice and couldn't sing for months.

Wow.

And we were all grateful.

Best two months of my life.

Best day of my life.

Guy died and saved us off of a third shit album.

Yeah, I wish I didn't know all that, but I do.

I'm glad that you do.

That's great information.

Well, Rob, you won that round.

So congratulations, you go into the finals.

How did you win that round?

Because Paul stumbled and did not say his words.

I thought we were a team moving on.

No, you lost.

You could have been a team moving on, but instead it's just Rob moving on.

I think I lost because someone was looking into my eyes and said the word spin doctors.

So in a sense, I may have won the game, but that's going to stay with me.

I think we all lost because we had to hear that story.

Your band.

It's a great story, but most of the spin doctors have been discussed in 17 years.

I can't believe a band was covering them.

That wasn't a tribute band.

I go see a spin doctor tribute band.

Would you really?

No.

Okay.

I'll go see pretty much any tribute band.

That is one I will not go to.

I will also not go see the spin doctors.

Now, Jimmy, an interesting thing about you is you go out there and you see almost every band.

I like to see some rock and roll, yeah.

And it's not even bands that you like.

You just feel like you have to see someone before they die.

I'm on my...

Legends?

I got to go see them before they die.

I got to go see them before they stop touring tour.

And you've seen Manolo, I would imagine.

I have seen Barry Manol.

Streisand.

I have seen Barbra Streisand.

Tony Bennett.

I'm apparently gay.

I only saw Tony Bennett when he performed on Conan.

And that was...

I don't know if I need to see Tony Bennett live.

Tom Jones.

It's a good show, but I've seen him...

Tom Jones.

I've seen Tom Jones half a dozen times.

Terrific.

I've seen Tony live probably half a dozen times and it's a good show the first time.

Okay.

And then he just kind of is on autopilot the entire time.

And I heard a story about him having a limo running ready to go the minute he walks off stage to just like get there.

Well, you know why, right?

Why?

He left his heart in San Francisco.

He's making a lot of trips up the coast.

He's got to get back up there.

But he keeps losing it every time he goes back up there.

He's old.

He's not a sharp man.

He doesn't remember where he...

He knows where he put it.

He knows the city.

He keeps making a jump back up there.

Is that his heart?

Is that the story?

Yeah.

Does he go to PCH, you think?

That's a nice drive.

Oh, it's gorgeous.

You're going to lose your heart and die because you're heartless.

Best place to lose it.

Right?

Beyond the ocean.

We learned that last week with Irene.

The hurricane.

All right, Jimmy, you ready to play, you and me?

I'm ready to play.

Here we go.

We got to think of anything.

I'm in.

Anything in the world.

I'm in.

And all right, I have mine.

And let's count down from three.

Three.

Three, two, one.

Phantom of the Opera.

Cravasier and Phantom of the Opera.

Cravasier...

Cravasier is a beverage, right?

Yes.

That is...

It's a drink.

Yes.

I know you're not a drinker, and so you do not know...

But it's popular with the African-American community, is it not?

It is, in fact.

Is that my polite way of saying that?

I did not want to co-sign on that, but Rob Delaney stepped in.

Okay, all right.

I have mine locked in.

Cravasier and the Phantom of the Opera.

Now we can take a little bit of time here, but it gets quicker as we go on, as we all know.

All right.

I have mine locked in, just anything.

It doesn't have to be perfect.

Very good.

I'm in the play.

All right, here we go.

Ready?

Yes.

Three, two, one.

Intermission.

Intermission and expensive.

I don't know if Cravasier is, but I know going to see theater is a little pricey.

It can be these days.

I mean, have you tried to go see a play these days?

Listen, if it's not on Gold Star, I don't go.

Wait, so where are we?

Expensive and intermission.

Expensive, intermission.

Okay.

All right.

All right, here we go.

Ready?

And three, two, one.

Theater.

Theater and people.

Almost at theater.

Almost.

But I don't, the blacks don't go.

Unless it's that my arms are too short to box with God production.

What?

Or the whiz.

What's that play called?

My arms are too short to box with God?

Hold on, I'm trying to get a safe edit point here.

I think that's a racist raisin in the sun by Wayne Hansberry.

Listen, how am I the bad guy here?

I'm using cultural references.

If you're going to use a reference like that, use August Wilson like a gentleman.

Listen, I don't know who that is.

What else I would.

All right, what do we have?

We have, I said theater, you said people.

All right, here we go.

I know what I'm going to say.

Okay, I'll try.

All right, here we go.

And three, two, one, audience.

Audience and usher.

I'm talking about the singer.

Oh, okay, good.

I'm sticking with the black thing.

The theater star.

All right, so wait.

Audience and usher.

And we can say another word we've already said.

Yeah, it just can't be the one you just previously said.

I'm back in, I'm ready to go.

Audience and usher, here we go.

And three, two, one, theater.

Theater and seats, theater and seats.

I'm ready.

All right, here we go.

Three, two, one, balcony.

All right, chewing gum and balcony.

Chewing gum and balcony.

I just ran out of balcony though, so I'm sorry.

Guys, you know that expression.

You came here to kick butt and chew bubble gum.

All right.

What?

Quiet, let's choose the edit point right now.

Paul just turned bright red from embarrassment.

And having said the worst thing.

I expected a grand response to that.

The whole room laughing for two, three consecutive.

I mean, for improv nerds though, there's some A to C stuff happening there that's pretty intense.

I know what happened.

I do feel my face getting hot right now.

It's totally embarrassed.

Oh, follow that.

I have chills because I'm embarrassed for you.

It's like, it's one of those things where I don't want to crap on you because you took a risk.

Yeah, this is the beauty of a podcast though.

I can claim that the entire audience laughed at that moment.

Yeah, you're going to get emails confirming that you're wrong.

People got rid of their ears.

A man just punched his wife because you did that.

Is that what happened to Van Gogh, do you think?

Yes, I do.

He came into the future, listened to this joke.

We're just going to make it to both.

All right, here we go.

We have chewing gum and balcony.

Chewing gum and balcony.

So, you know, I don't think there's any easy answer necessarily, but let's just keep going.

We got to go a little quicker.

All right, here we go.

Three, two, one.

Teenagers.

Sticky and teenagers.

All right, ready?

Here we go.

Land.

Three, two, one.

Jizm.

Yeah.

Yes, yes, yes.

How did we do that?

Come on.

My hands are raised in victory.

Both syllables.

We both showed jizm.

We're just going with jizm these days.

Jizm.

Classic jizm.

How do you do that?

Come on, that's magic.

We didn't go calm.

We didn't go goo or jizm.

No, we said jizm.

Simultaneous vernacular bukkake.

We all jizm.

I'm going to declare us the winners of that.

Rob, you're out of it.

Understood.

Sorry.

I would quit this game.

Never do it again.

No, that's never going to happen.

And that is, of course, how we play What Am I Thinking?

Good work, guys.

That was great.

Thanks, guys.

Beautiful.

Thanks, guys.

Good game.

All right.

That is, of course, how we play What Am I Thinking?

That was fun, guys.

Great game.

Well, that's what you call a win.

Let's go around the room shaking hands.

That's a win.

That's a W column.

Not yet.

All right, guys.

Tell you what.

Let's take a break.

I brought a bunch of songs that Paul sings this time.

So why don't we hear one of those?

Paul, this is one of your band's Don't Stop or We'll Die.

Yes.

I love them.

A great record.

This is from, what's the EP called?

What is it called?

The recent one.

Yeah.

What is that recent one called?

You can't remember what your own EP is called?

Oh, I forget.

Oh, One of the Gang.

One of the Gang.

Yeah.

Great EP.

Extended play.

All right.

Let's hear Once in a While from Don't Stop or We'll Die.

We'll be right back with the comedy Bang Bang.

I want to see that New York skyline.

I'm sick of riding up here in this penthouse with you.

So take me out once in a while.

Mama told me I'm married to your home.

But what girl can resist those diamonds?

You bought me pearls, picassos, and princess perfumes.

But you can't buy me adventure.

The small town girl needs some big city thorn.

The cotton clothes and the cocaine discos.

I know deep down there's a young man inside of you.

So take him out once in a while.

Yeah.

Take me out once in a while.

I want to see that New York skyline.

Paul.

And welcome back.

The mics weren't on for the you go fuck yourself.

Right before Jimmy said Paul.

Paul insulted me off the air when I did nothing but compliment him during that song that I thought he.

Wonderful singing voice.

That was Rob, I didn't care for it.

I said he was upset by that bubblegum thing.

I've seen you rally in the past.

You're a good man.

I've said a bunch of things.

And then he attacked me for a story that actually people were interested in.

Yeah.

No, it wasn't the quality of the story.

It was the content wouldn't be one that you'd want to share with a listening audience.

See, Paul's got a great heart.

You see what I'm saying?

I enjoyed the story.

I just knew it.

What I will do to you and the listeners is apologize.

I will also apologize to our host, Scott Arkman.

I appreciate that, Jimmy.

Rob Delaney gets an apology as well, I think.

Cyrus and the other gentlemen will also receive an apology.

Cyrus and the other guy.

It's handy.

Jimmy, what type of music does your young son Oliver listen to?

Loves his Katy Perry.

Really?

Loves it.

Likes to dance around.

You know, he likes to kiss.

He's huge into kiss.

Oh, that's right.

I think we had talked about this once on your show.

On my show, yeah.

And then he's also loving that new Muppets thing, the rock stars doing the Muppets songs.

Oh, yeah.

I got that the other day.

He's loving that.

They sell it at Starbucks.

That's where my wife bought it.

Excellent.

And I said, bought it because that was purchased and bought.

Goodbye.

And also, of course, the soundtrack to Singing in the Rain.

Those are his three things he's enjoying at this time.

Horrific musical.

That is quite the spectrum there.

You know, I'm not a big fan of when the rock stars do ironic versions of kids' songs.

But you know what?

The Paul Williams songs are so well written that you can't really screw those up.

And so it's actually pretty fun.

I don't know that they're ironic either.

I think people have a genuine love for those songs.

I know My Morning Jacket certainly is hugely influenced by those.

And that song's great.

This is a combo that my mouth doesn't like.

Our world.

There's a lot of R's and W's and L's.

Our and L's.

And it's got everything that's wrong with my Chicago South Side accent.

R's, W's, and L's.

I got a combo that your mouth will like.

What's up?

My dick in one ball.

Ah, my brother.

All right, guys, I think it's time for a new feature on the show.

We've never done this before.

Another game?

You know, because this is just a, you know, a relaxed show with bros talking, what I thought we would do is...

Oh, a bro talk.

Have we used that term yet?

We would do a little feature called Hot Topics.

Hot Topics.

All right, this is Hot Topics.

And basically what this new feature is is...

I'm imagining Hot Topics written in like hot pink cursive letters right there, right?

Basically, I go on...

I'm gonna acknowledge you spoke.

Yeah.

I go on to the website for the TV program, The View, and I see whatever hot topics they've been talking about for the week, and then we'll talk about them.

All right.

Okay.

Now, The View's been in reruns, so these are a little old.

The Challenger explosion.

There's no production as we speak.

So let's see what people are talking about three months ago on The View.

All right, guys, Arnold Schwarzenegger's mistress.

What's going on?

Arnold Schwarzenegger's mistress.

Let's talk about her.

People...

He fathered a child.

Out of wedlock with his housekeeper.

Our governor?

Our former governor.

Wait, which Jimmy am I talking to?

He's not governor anymore?

Am I talking to the one from a year ago?

Wait, what's up?

I went too far back in my time machine.

It's only three months ago.

Very good.

Arnold Schwarzenegger's mistress, guys.

A lot of people, they're shocked when they see a picture of her because she's not as hot or as good looking as Maria Shriver.

This is what they were talking about on The View.

Let's talk about it.

Would people have been more...

Less shocked, rather, if she had been a beautiful woman?

Well, I love that on the original view that meant four to five women were talking about the appearance of another woman, which is...

And I watched the clip and I expected one of them, at least Bayard, to be like, look, I'm no looker myself.

But no, they were completely judgmental over looks.

Here's the deal.

You remember how Hannibal Lecter says to Clarice Starling, we cover the things we see every day?

And when I think about fucking women, I also think about murdering and skinning them, so he's sort of my reference point.

But you're like, if she's in your house all the time, you're gonna fuck her at some point, you know?

And then she happened to get pregnant, you know?

So sure, is she easy on the eyes?

That's for the eye of the beholder.

But she was in his house, so what are you gonna do?

He also knew she'd keep her mouth shut.

You go with a good looking lady from the tavern or a pub, she's gonna go and chat to her friends back at the dorm.

Right. But meanwhile, you're holding the purse strings.

Yeah, but with this woman, I think if you, again, you go young girl hot.

That's what I'm saying, like you're her lifeline to the world, like you control her everything.

There's no way that she can blab.

So yeah, she keeps it shut.

So yeah, that's it.

I mean, you had the choice between her or Vanessa Williams from Eraser.

He went with the easier choice.

I forgot about that one.

I thought you'd rally.

Yeah, no, that's disgusting that people would talk about that, would talk about her appearance.

I mean, it gets just being dragged through the garbage.

And then to talk about her appearance, I find.

Well, yeah, I mean, what basically happened was Whoopi Goldberg said something to the effect of, you know, told the story and then said, here's a picture of her.

And then they showed the picture and the audience gasped.

And she said, yeah, that's what we want to talk about.

Why is everyone gasping when they see?

It should be about why is this Dick Arnold Schwarzenegger like cheating on his wife, right?

No, it's all about appearance.

Okay.

But that is interesting.

Did the story get twisted that way?

Because we don't care if a guy cheats.

We just want to see the evidence.

Well, yeah, because you go back to Bill Clinton.

Everybody's like he's the president.

He couldn't get anybody better than Monica Lewinsky.

Whoopi brought that up.

Wait a minute.

Are you saying that I'm the...

See, I do as many characters as she does.

She had a one person show where she had nothing but characters.

She had the Valley Girl.

I'm ready to go.

And herself.

Do the Valley Girl.

I don't do a Valley Girl.

What I do is other characters.

But listen, this Whoopi is sharper than I thought she was.

She makes a great point with this.

We talked about that a lot with that Dr. Clinton.

Sure.

I don't know if he has a doctorate.

I don't think he has a doctorate now.

He might now.

Love doctorate.

Yeah, maybe now he does.

Love doctorate.

He's a vegan now.

Bill Clinton's a vegan.

He looks great.

He dropped a ton of weight.

He really did.

Did he drop too much weight?

This is a separate hot topic.

He looks kind of haggard.

Some people you want them to have a puff to him rather than...

If you drop too much weight, you start to look old, right?

Sallow, yeah.

That's what people say.

It can happen.

Yeah, because you end up looking just like a skeleton.

But you lost some weight, Jimmy and Scott.

And you guys both look youthful, I think it turned in your favor.

You do look good.

Let's go around the room and talk about our weight.

Rob, what do you weigh?

230.

230, which is a lot of weight.

That's enough for a Chinese dentist at least.

Yeah, I weigh a super lot.

I'm 6'3".

And if you looked at a thermal image of me and couldn't tell my skin color, you would say that I was a black major league catcher because my thighs and buttocks are furious.

They're filled with fury.

And they're pretty hard.

I work out, I jump around a lot.

So I'm not fat.

It's the House of Pain workout.

But my body mass index is actually obese.

Can you believe that?

No, now you and I are the same height pretty much.

I'm just slightly shorter than you.

And yeah, you look it up and 230 is way too much.

Oh, yeah.

But you look great.

You look lean.

Thank you.

Thank you for saying that.

I would say, yeah, really though, do make an effort to see me naked or at least with my pants off because my thighs and buttocks are just oaken and they're big.

And so I think that throws off my body mass index.

What do you wear in the pool?

I wear standard trunks, gentleman's trunks.

I have a Speedo photograph that gets tossed around online by myself primarily.

But I don't really wear that to, you know, I bought that actually in the company of a common friend of ours, Dave Holmes.

In fact, he was at a pool party at the Renaissance Hotel.

I said, come by.

And I was like, I don't have a bathing suit.

But I happen to be opposite a Speedo store.

And I said, fucking now I do.

Hold on.

There's a store that exclusively sells Speedo brand store at the Century City Mall.

Yeah.

Do you not frequent that mall?

What?

Yeah.

And so I bought the ugliest one I could.

One size too small.

How does this place stay open?

I think a lot.

There's a lot of Russian immigrants there and immigrants.

I don't know what you call them.

I don't even talk to them, you know, but whatever.

But Speedo also makes the trunk.

You can get a Speedo trunk.

I don't know.

It's not just the brief.

OK.

So it's just the brand.

It's not forgive me.

It is the little teeny teensy.

No, but no.

But what I'm saying is the store sells the brand exclusively, not the teensy teensies exclusively.

You could also get a pair of goggles there.

Maybe a dive watch.

Thank God.

OK.

Maybe a dive watch.

Jimmy, what are you weighing?

How you doing, man?

How you weigh?

You know what?

How you weigh?

How I weigh?

I weigh with the segment.

I weigh with scale.

I'm coming in at 131 today.

But I was down to 127, which people said I did look a little too thin.

And the four pounds has helped me.

So what are you doing?

Beefing up by lifting or just eating more?

You mean what?

Oh, you know what?

I think it's a combination.

I did just have an asshole week where I went to a couple of baseball games.

I went to a concert.

And so I ate like an asshole for six straight days.

What concert you go to?

I actually went down to the Warner Center.

They have those free concerts.

And it was a Chicago tribute band that I saw.

And it was very enjoyable.

My son loved it.

And those songs are terrific.

A little blue eyed soul.

I'm worried about your son, I have to say.

What are you worried about?

I'm worried about the way you're raising him.

He's making his own choices.

I don't know about that.

Sure.

He really chose to do that.

To do what?

To go to the Chicago tribute band.

He chose to dance.

No, of course he doesn't.

He doesn't live in that footloose town.

Right?

This is his time.

Paul, what are you weighing?

I weigh like a...

Wait, I'm sorry.

How you weigh?

But let me say, by the way, I'm five foot four and a half.

So I'm a tiny man.

So when I say 127, I'm not coming in at the six foot three, was it?

Yeah.

Right.

Because 127 to 131 would be...

That'd be crazy.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm a shorter man.

I'm the shortest man in the room.

Yes.

But I must say you interrupted my very important question.

What was that question?

How you weigh, Paul?

How you weigh?

I'm like 140 pounds.

Yes.

Uh-huh.

Five nine.

Seems like about nine pounds more than Jimmy.

No.

I'm sorry.

What did you say you weigh?

I'm at 131 today.

131 and you were at 140, you said?

Yeah.

Nine pounds.

What did you say?

I said nine pounds.

Let's rewind the tape.

I thought, you know what happened?

Here's what happened in my head.

When he said I'm five nine and you said, I heard 159 and it was like...

And then I heard it all wrong.

Everything went wrong in my head, numbers-wise.

Bell's policy coming back.

What happened?

Did you have my face dead?

I think...

Am I happy on one side?

In the ear area.

Go ahead.

All right.

So nine pounds more than Jimmy and you're five inches taller?

Yeah, that sounds right.

So you're actually probably have a thinner frame than Jimmy.

I don't know about that.

No, he does.

He certainly has a thinner frame than I do.

And have you always stayed around the same weight?

This is just a bro talk, by the way.

Yeah, total bro talk, total bro talk.

Because you were nervous.

This is Hot Topics in case anyone is coming into the middle of a podcast, strangely.

We're in the middle of Hot Topics.

Well, I saw that episode of The View where they went around and discussed the four of ours weights.

Had to be better than anything they've ever done.

Have you always stayed regular?

Yeah, I stayed...

In high school, I was always around like the 120, 125.

What happened?

When I went to college, man, my diet changed.

The freshman 20.

No, it's sort of been like a pound ever since, every year.

Every year you gain a pound.

Probably.

It's hard not to.

You know what's interesting about Paul, young Paul here, is as long as I've known him, all he ever eats is a cheeseburger and drinks cokes.

Yeah, I eat terribly.

Every meal, every meal.

And skinny guys who are in their mid-40s and stuff with little bellies warn me all the time.

They're like, your luck's going to run out.

Metabolism changes.

Yeah.

We should work out together.

It's less than luck.

I don't know what I should do.

Should I use this opportunity the last few years I have to try to learn how to have a better diet so that once I'm in it, then I can?

Or is it like, hey...

I would.

I mean, how old are you?

I'm 34.

How old are you?

I'm 30.

Yeah, right when your body's about to turn into garbage, and it's going to happen faster than you think.

So I would start to learn it now.

Because you develop a taste.

It's hard to come down because your tongue...

And I may not have the signs correctly.

No.

How this started, you do.

Your tongue develops a taste for fat and sugar, to where it's very difficult to retrain your tongue to...

And maybe it's more of the brain.

But we'll train your tongue right now.

That's right.

Right.

Scotty, what about you?

How much do you weigh?

Wait, what question are you going to ask me?

Oh.

How you weigh?

This is your new...

I'm currently at 186.

Is this the first time you're under 200 since high school, if I'm not mistaken?

No, since the 90s.

Jesus, that spin doctor's thing hit you hard.

I was at around...

I got up to 228 maybe at a certain point, and then...

186.06.16.

You've lost 47 pounds.

That's at my heaviest.

I got down a little lower.

I got down to about 183 recently, and then I gained some.

But now I'm back on the program.

And anyway, that's where I'm at.

I don't think you need to lose those three pounds.

You look terrific.

It's more of redistribution, as they say.

Sure, sure.

You know what I mean?

Semantics.

In other words, I got to take my fat shit in my stomach and move it up into my shoulders somehow.

Hmm.

Literal turds that you have to move from your stomach up into your shoulders.

Are we ready for another Hot Topics question?

Yeah.

I think so.

Sure.

You saw what happened with that one.

Branched out.

Slowly devolved to literal turds.

The word literal turds.

Which I ignored you saying every time you've said it.

Guys, a recent For the View repeats survey found that men are more likely to cheat on their partner at someone else's wedding.

What's all this cheating?

Arnie?

Wedding?

Yeah, I mean, from what I imagine, from the clips I saw, that's very important to women's minds.

Well, have you guys ever done the thing where you type into Google and it autofills?

So you type in, why do women?

And then it fills it up and you kind of get a look at how men, what they wonder about women.

Conversely, why do men?

The first one's usually like, why do men cheat?

Oh, man.

So I think that is a bit of a...

Because we like to fuck.

That's the answer.

Google fills it in.

Because they like to fuck.

It's like six years.

I've Googled my wife's name and the second thing that comes up is boobs.

Oh, gosh.

In the autocorrect.

So that is what's on men's minds when they think about her.

When you put in my name, and I didn't figure this out, even though I totally Googled myself like a big douchebag, you put it in Rob Delaney and the second or third thing that comes up is Rob Delaney's wife.

Apparently people are curious about her because a lot of my humor is very dark.

A lot of my humor is very filthy and awful.

And nobody believes you're not gay.

Yeah, no, very few people do.

And so people wonder about her, apparently.

Are there pictures of her on the internet?

There aren't, believe it or not.

She's not on Facebook.

She's not on any of those things.

There's not a single picture of her.

No, not that I know.

What about on your Facebook page?

Do you put any pictures of her on?

I don't.

Only because I'm a self-promotional whore who seeks fame to help advance other goals.

So I don't...

She doesn't.

She's a normal civilian person.

So I figure if I'm going to be the asshole clown in the family, I'll do that myself.

And she doesn't need to have...

Because there are shitty things about having people.

Right.

And you don't want to show the goods too much because it's sort of like when the Beatles first hit the scene, they don't want them to know they have wives and girlfriends.

Exactly.

So they're more desirable.

Precisely.

And they're already asking.

Yeah, that's why I talked about my alopecia earlier.

I want women to be like, whoa, this guy's a catch.

But guys, what do you think about this topic, very important to the view?

Cheating at weddings.

I guess guys go to weddings and they're more likely to cheat there than anywhere else.

They're more likely to cheat there than at a bar or...

How odd considering that they're faced with two people committing to each other for a lifelong union.

But don't you usually go with your wife?

Don't you usually go with your boy?

I think it's more they were saying girlfriend-boyfriend relationships rather than wife.

I have a theory and that it's probably...

My suspicion is that women do it just as much as men because weddings are like a fuck swamp.

People get horny and excited at weddings.

I agree.

Because although there's an exchange of vows and stuff, there's also the flow and alcohol and the drinking and maybe you're even somewhere beautiful, like a function hall.

There's lots of Columbus Hall, maybe.

Exactly.

You're probably taking the weekend off.

Exactly.

So you're thinking, let's make some bad decisions.

So you think girls do it as much, they just don't admit it?

In that scenario, probably, yeah.

I think biologically, males are more predestined to cheat more than women, but in that particular scenario, which says like fuck a stranger, which should be the subtext of any wedding invitation.

I was just at my sister's wedding last week.

And?

Ain't no funk swamp.

It was a funk swamp.

Say funk swamp?

It was a total fuck swamp.

I was going to say fuck swamp was actually a great band name, but funk swamp is even better.

Or funk swab.

Like a cool customized Ed Hardy Q-tip, like a funk swab.

It was not a fuck swamp.

Now, the three of us, and when I say that I'm excluding Paul, we're all married.

Yes.

And I know for a fact, Jimmy, that there was sex had at your wedding.

That's true.

Oh, cool.

That's on the record, yes.

Your friend, Pat Francis.

And his wife.

Slipped it to his wife.

That's right.

In a dressing room?

In the, yeah, like where the groom gets dressed, the fellas put on his tuxedos.

They were married, yes.

And did he ever explain it of like, well, just the occasion just got?

Apparently, I think it's been discussed.

I don't think I'm talking out of school.

Apparently, he was getting drunk and obnoxious, and she thought the only way to get him away from people was to offer up sex up in the room.

I'm 100,000% confident I know who it is.

And I've never heard this story before.

Oh, no, we mentioned who it was.

It was Pat Francis.

Oh, never mind.

I'm 100% too.

Wait a minute.

I know who you guys are talking about.

Because you said it.

My wife and I spent our wedding night in a tent, as a matter of fact.

Wow.

Yeah.

But it was a big wedding, but her dad built us a tent on a wooden floor.

Wait, when you say he built the tent, do you mean he assembled it?

Or did he actually build a tent?

OK, so that you would have the structural integrity necessary for wedding night activities.

He built it on like a wooden surface.

So the tent was a pretty- Please stop saying built.

He assembled a tent.

He assembled a tent, but he did build a wooden almost stage for it to go on.

He did.

He built that stage from scratch.

Yeah, he did.

Yeah, he's good.

He's amazing with the same stuff.

Are you happy now with your- Well, he knew his daughter's virginity was going to be taken away that night.

Precisely.

And he wanted to make it special for her.

And apropos of that, he's a large animal vet who works for the state of North Carolina.

So he's great with his hands, and he knows his way around a saw.

Because he has to saw cows apart and stuff to find out why they died.

He's like CSI.

Who's doing cow autopsies?

This fella.

Farmers get them done, or the state will pay to have them done, because they want to figure out like, uh-oh, is this hoof and mouth disease, or what's going on?

So yeah, he routinely- I love the choices there.

Is this hoof and mouth disease, or what's going on?

It's definitely one of those.

And that's, of course, Hot Topics.

I liked how all of you guys delicately got around about whether you cheated at a wedding or not.

Right?

All right.

All right, that's Hot Topics.

Let's take another break.

Let's hear another song from one of Paul's other bands.

This is the Glass Beef.

It's Dot Dot, here on Comedy Bang Bang.

I connected the dots.

I'm connecting the dots.

Dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot I've connected the dots There's no connection between the dots There's only a line There's no connection between the dots There's only a line There's no connection between the dots There's only a line There's no connection between the dots There's only a line There's no connection between the dots There's only a line There's only a line There's only a line There's only a line There's only a line bang bang boards. You can post songs there and we will play them on the show in this segment as long as you know that we will shit on them. And basically it's more of evaluate but I say shit on them because 99% of them are terrible. Every now and then though here's a gem and we go love it. And are they comedy songs? They are comedy songs, yeah. Under the umbrella, right?

Basically what we do is it's a lot like America's Got Talent or Gong Show or something like that where it takes two of us to say turn it off, okay? One person cannot say turn it off it'll keep going but once the second person says it then it's like launching a missile. You need two guys to turn E2. It's a lot like the very first scene in War Games. That's what I was thinking Scott. I know. I applaud the people for sending these in that's brave. It is very brave. We haven't done this in a while but it's the least popular segment on the show so I thought we'd do it. The least popular? People hate it. If it has fuzzy guitars in it I'm gonna like it. Alright so the first submission comes to us from I believe it's Acoustical Harkin. And this is a song called Jorts. Well there's this little thing in this mountain town that you might not understand. Once long jeans cut to the brim of the parts that makes a man. People looking pondering, trying to determine the sort. But I'll crack you right there in the jaw if you try to call them shorts. They're Jorts. Wrangled in a grizzly Jorts. Covering half the foes is Jorts. Punching me in the face is Jorts.

Alright we have two. We have a quorum. We have three actually. Paul was the only one not two. Yeah I think I'm probably gonna be the Paul in this situation where I'm too scared to say anything mean. I've won criticism in the reason I said it and it's the only reason because I actually think the subject matter is okay. I can't understand what he's saying. A little difficult yeah. And here's why I think it's okay to tell people that these songs are bad is because they might take that in and then write a better song next week. And it just it takes a while to grow as an artist so I don't feel bad saying that that song wasn't good. I you know because I've done this I've been a part of I believe every time we've played this. I'm so used to people doing the subject matter of A either sex or B saying I like fill in the blank which is something that should not be like like I like fat women and then they do a whole song about you know which are basically fat slams but them saying I like it. That I thought the subject matter of Jorts which I believe is jean shorts is that. Yeah yeah Kevin Smith's signature trouser. I don't like it anymore. Boy yeah that kind of ruined it for everybody. This guy didn't even have an original thought. Oh no no you're just saying that he wears it off. Does he say that I don't know if he talks about Jorts. Okay I'm back on board. So I found that refreshing I just in terms of production I found it very difficult to hear. Agreed I will 100% agree. So I acoustical Harkin tweak up that production a little bit and I look forward to it. But when it's a fight between content versus production I would rather choose production right. That's a quick fix. Yeah it's harder to. It's harder to get your brain to work in a different way. You mean if you were the recipient of this criticism. I mean the reverse is the rich kid whose dad gets him a studio but then the content sucks. Fuck that kid. I've known so many rich kids like that whose daddy buys a studio for them. Wouldn't it be funny if they all died. Only in the novelty song world though. All right so thank you very much acoustical Harkin. Let's go to our next segment. Not segment but a next contributor. This is Brett mounts. Is that Brett mounts. And oh boy. This is a song called We Fuck Titties Every Day. Sorry parenthetical.

Yeah. Like it so far.

Yeah. She's given me a blow job. I'm sitting in my chair. She doesn't even know about my underground lair. Don't know her at all. Don't even know her name. It doesn't matter to me because I got no shame. Watching TV.

I can't find the remote. Write something down then see what I wrote. She broke my heart and hurt my feelings. I bought a new house that's got too many ceilings.

That sealed it for you guys. What was he talking about there? I don't even understand at all what started to happen. What happened there Rob is he didn't care about the woman but somehow she broke his heart.

Yeah okay. See that doesn't make sense. I thought the production was kind of interesting. A little like a go team kind of production. The chorus I thought was tremendous. I think we found the rich father that bought somebody a recording studio.

And I don't mind that the subject matter so much. Paul you have a song called She's Got Titties In All The Right Places. Which I think is a little like that idea is a little funnier to me than We Fuck Titties Every Day. This is what I'm talking about when people go hey here's something that someone shouldn't say.

We fuck titties every day and we're going to make a whole song about it and talk about how much we like it when it's really you know abhorrent. But now your song I like the take on your song because it's such a stupid person to go she's got titties in all the right places.

How would you describe the lyrical slant of your song? That's like it's from the viewpoint of like a ten year old boy who has a crush on his babysitter and her big old tatties. But that was a long conversation because you got to kind of choose your sex songs. I think it's like our only sex song that we've written.

And what's funny about it to me is like yeah it is your only one so it's so brazen. You know what I mean? That like when you put it out like all of your songs are about like more whimsical things like a bird and a fox. And then all of a sudden you come out with a single and a video on Funny or Die called She's Got Titties In All The Right Places.

But then if you only know it as us as that then it doesn't really matter if you had context. Yeah that's true. Brett Mounts may have.

And that is what we're doing here. We are doing art. Brett Mounts may have a lot of songs just like your other whimsical songs that we just don't know about. No. Jimmy's saying no. No I don't. Listen I cannot create music. I can only listen to it. So I cannot judge. I think I've heard you sing. You've got a wonderful voice. You've got a nice voice. I can't write songs. I can't play instruments. Neither can Whitney Houston. Can I say one thing about the mechanics of The Fucking Titties. I think Fucking Titties is things that like a guy's going to do.

A guy's doing porn because it's fun to look at. Like I like to look at a penis between some breasts. But if you think about when you actually try to employ that as a practice it's kind of like all right let me put it in something else. You know sort of how I feel. You might do that for a second. I think I've had a couple of good experiences with it. I'm glad. No I'm glad. You win. I want to have had that but I don't. Well you know we're all different. That's the thing. Everyone's brains interpret sexual stimuli in different ways. Correct. Jimmy? What's up? That's thrown to you. Listen we all do different things. That's what it's about.

The bedroom is a sacred place. I would say that Bret Mounce. Nicely handled. I would say Bret Mounce. The rap style is not. That's what killed it for me. I loved the chorus. I even enjoyed the production of it but I would say hire a lyricist or a different MC for the verses and then you've got yourself a hit.

It would be like if a movie opened with like the opening of 2001 and then after the eight part it cut to like a Kermit doll that's not being puppeteered. It was just laid on a table in a basement.

So you're saying he throws the bone in the air and then it does a hard cut to a Kermit doll lying on a table. It lands in its old pudding.

All right so Bret Mounce thank you very much for that and let's go to now to our final contributor and this looks like Emily Brundage. Brundage? Oh Brundage. Oh I'm a Romanian. And this is a song called Perbertina I believe.

Okay there's a pubertina.

Puberty is killing me. It's making it hard for people to look at me.

Cause when you have so much acne, how can anyone take you seriously?

And where, where's this blood coming from? It's coming from my vagina. That's messed up.

Mom, mom I think I am dying. There's blood all over my jeans. It's time to say goodbye to me. Goodbye to little me.

I will not raise my hand.

We don't have a single raised hand by the way. No out of the three so far I am not saying I enjoyed the song but I am curious as to what I'll hear next.

And it's the end is what you'll hear next. A final chord is what you'll hear. Jimmy had a late hand raise. I'd like to have heard more keyboard in that. I think it was missing the keys. More simple playing.

I would say that's not a song that was a demo, I think for a song. Demonstration tape? Yeah that was saying here's the things. As in give us demo of it.

But you need to put that back in the oven sweetheart because now that would be useful. You're like the Simon and you're dressed like Simon too and you sort of look like him. You're being harsh.

No, Rob is wearing a black t-shirt right now. You do look like a little Simon Cowell. That's so sad for me. And doing snappy little like if you had an English accent, you got to put that back in the oven sweetheart.

No, literally look I care. Look I've been told, all three of you guys know that you hear you suck like a thousand times. And that's just from you saying this to me.

Okay well I'll speak for myself. I did and they were frequently right. So I'm saying that girl had some musical talent. She explored something in a creative way and I'm just saying I wouldn't be saying this if I didn't care about her.

And I think that she could do better. I think there's something interesting about it. I didn't hate it. Here's a question I want to throw out. What is it about our human bodies and the things that come out of them that is so fascinating to people for I guess even more so than comedy songs just for tweets and for humor in general?

I think probably. Is this hot topics by the way? Sure sure. We all have bodies right? I guess so. So you can always know that somebody's going to. One has to assume there are some ghosts listening at this point.

I mean I think our bodies are like laboratories that we carry around with us and do all our work and they're rotting and they stink. They produce odors and fucking emissions that are just you know that let us know that we're dying all the time.

It's almost spiritual to look at the effluvia and garbage that comes out of your body and realize you know soon I will pass over to the other side. So I honestly think every time you smell a fart and laugh at it you're thinking I'm going to die one day and that's funny.

Now Jimmy you don't care for this kind of humor. I just think it's easy. It's easy right? And I'm guilty of it too. I'm guilty of making the easy joke and jizm and what have you.

But you don't find shit humor at all funny I know over the years that I've known you. I have a tough time with it. I think it's easy. You know I think. Are you like me like around the house in front of your wife? Like I go into the bathroom and I fart in the toilet like a gentleman.

I will not do it in the same room. I'm a gentleman. That's a step in the right direction. I think we'll probably fall on the other end there right? Yeah I will but you know what I respect your idea. If you're that way that's great and I applaud you in your life choices and not your wardrobe today but normally.

I slept. This is my sleepwear. I understand. I know you had a lot to do this morning. I love it. Jimmy you're wearing an Encino t-shirt. Encino. It's an electric company from Hollywood and Vine. It is a great shirt. Everything about it is wrong.

Like yeah no I will. I'll fart in the same room as my wife. I'm a gentleman. Yeah no and you are. I don't know if I can offer a defense for that. She will as well and I think frankly when she farts I find her somewhat cute and charming unless it's excessive. I don't find it cute and charming.

I don't like it. No that's your right. I'm not going to argue. I'm not saying this is how it is. I'm just saying when my wife farts it does not bother me. It bothers me because that's the thing that I'm having sex with. Her butt hole.

I've been in a situation not necessarily with farts but with morning breath that I've gotten liking somebody so much that their morning breath is like appealing right? That's a good stink. I know I remember when you said that to me.

I don't disagree with it. I hear what you're saying about that but I think you know the other thing is you know. That's when you draw a line. Why are farts funny? Is it because they stink? Like burps aren't as funny as farts. Oh I have a theory on that as well because farts come out of the other end of the tube that you speak out of.

So when you fart right out of the other end you're saying things like alright how about the deficit. And so for me it offers a nice juxtaposition. Just a reminder. Like shut up. Anything that comes out of your mouth.

A reminder that all humans are essentially. Yeah I mean anything that comes out of our mouths are just ridiculous garbage. So I think a fart just highlights that and to me that's funny.

Alright well I think that was a successful jukebox jury. What do you guys think? Let's close it up. We played through one song all the way you know. Not bad right? I mean that's how you do it. Alright so I think that is just about closing it up.

We're done? Yeah I think we're done. Are we done? You got a couple minutes. I do have one other segment on the show if we want to do it. What do you got? It's a little segment it's our most popular segment. It's a thing called plugs.

What you got to plug.

That is what's up hot dog memorial plug section theme song called what you got to plug by the Ornith theologian. I'm not sure if it's just our headphones but like why can't we hear anyone's vocals. Is that a common problem in mixing songs I think. Like people don't mix the vocals high enough. I don't know. Maybe this is hot topics too.

It would have to be a choice I guess. Anyway if you have a what's up hot dog memorial plugs theme song go ahead and post that in the appropriate thread at yourwolf.com and if you're the person tweeting me hey where do I post my what's up hot dog memorial plug section just listen to the show one time.

Alright so guys let's go around the room. What do you got to plug. Paul what are you what's coming up for Paul Russ. What was this air. Do you know. Yeah Labor Day. Our Labor Day special. On Wednesday there's a really fun show. I'm in a sketch group called the kiss from daddy. A kiss from daddy. A kiss from daddy.

And we performed the first Wednesday of every month at the UCB with another sketch group called the birthday boys. This month we're doing a switcheroo show. We've been doing the show for like two or three years so we're doing a thing where we're performing each other's sketches.

Each other's sketches that people have seen before. Yes. Because there's roughly the same amount of people in each group. That's right. Yeah. And have you taken on an analogous person in the other group that you're going to perform all of their roles.

No. We were hoping we were maybe going to do a full on like body switch sort of thing. But we decided not to. So it's a lot more easier. You don't even have to have seen the shows beforehand to enjoy it.

And how do you like that. Are you like when you're getting in there and saying someone else's words.

It's great Scott. All right Rob let's go over to you. What do you have to plug sir. Of course you're on Twitter. Yeah yeah I'm on Twitter too. At Paul Russ. Sorry I shouldn't say that. Yeah Paul Russ. Some hot tweets. Very funny stuff. Oh you too Rob. Thank you.

I'm Rob Delaney on Twitter. And yeah well as a matter of fact on the 15th at the UCB Jimmy will be joining me. And Lena Dunham who she made the film Tiny Furniture. She's got a new HBO show coming out called Girls. And Jimmy and Lena are going to be on my show on the 15th with Dave Holmes at the UCB.

And on that you can read my weekly column on Vice. Viceland.com. Viceland.com. I think it's about it. You know funny stuff. Thank you. All right now going to the master blaster. Okay.

Okay closing up tight. What do we got. I'm going to look at my calendar. I just found out I'm doing a show on the 15th at the UCB. So I'm going to schedule that in. That sounds like a great show that's over there. Mapping the Heavens is what it's called. That's the one.

They've got terrific audiences. Then on the 22nd I am doing The Writer's Room at the UCB. That's the show that I host over at the Upright Citizen Brigade Theater. On the 26th of September I will be doing Walking the Room, The Starfish Circus over at Largo.

On the 27th I'll be doing Comedy Bang Bang at the UCB. I believe that brings me. And then the 30th of September and October 1st I'll be in Salt Lake City. This is my. I'm home all month so I have a chance to. What are you doing home all month?

Well we're in production. Conan does not have a week off all of September. We're in town all of September. For those of you who don't know Jimmy is the pre-show entertainment at the Conan show. That's right. I come out, I juggle, and I do a nice tight 12 to 15 up top.

Jimmy got tickets for my dad and I when he visited and during the warm up he went, we got a great show here. Who's the guy from the office, the young man? John Krasinski. Yeah, he's like, John Krasinski's here. Paul Rust in the house.

And I think you threw in another Paul Rust in the house between Andy Richter's name and Conan O'Brien's name. Confusing everybody. I also said, getting ready in the back, let them hear you. Big hand for the best band in cable. Jimmy Obito with the basic cable band. Paul Rust made me sitting in.

The one time I went to the show, you made a big deal out of me and made me stand up and wave. Big celebrity Scott Ackerman is in the house, made me wave and everyone around me looked at me in such confusion.

And then to top it off to add insult to injury when you introduce Andy Richter, he comes out and you say, oh by the way Andy we have a celebrity in the house, Scott Ackerman is here. And Andy then says, Scott Ackerman is here, stand up, take it back.

No one knows what's going on. I also did that for my father-in-law, who of course is Walter Kandig, Star Trek's Chekhov. And he actually. But it was also, it was similar where they thought I was joking. They thought I was like a guile look-alike sort of thing. So the whole audience went, huh? Oh!

Like you saw everybody's face go from, oh I don't get the joke, oh my god it's really him. What do you got planned for the whole month you're off? Anything interesting? Well you know my mom and brother are moving here and so I get to show them around town, get them ready to go. Your brother too, you didn't mention him. Yeah the whole family's moving. We're excited. They want to be near their grandson or nephew. I get that. And is it a big look? It is, I mean they're coming from Chicago, but do you think it'll be a large adjustment for them?

Yeah I would imagine it's got to be. How soon do you think your mom will be asking to meet with your agent, your manager? Oh they've already had a couple of meetings, they've already had a couple of sit downs. They Skype on a regular basis. And things are really looking up for the mom show.

So she has her own podcast now? Oh yeah. Never not mommy. Cause she's always a mom. She's never not mommy. Well I want to plug. Love it. Oh and my podcast, I apologize. Oh yeah Never Not Funny though, one of the greatest podcasts, I don't know why I say one of, the greatest podcast in the history of podcasts. Boom.

And I of course want to plug, we'll be on the Funny or Die homepage next, starting on Monday. So all the Earwulf podcasts will be over there on Funny or Die. Oh that's awesome. So this is the last one that'll just be on Earwulf, but of course we'll still be on iTunes, we'll still be on Earwulf, we'll still be everywhere, but you can kind of catch us on the player there starting on Monday. Awesome.

So we have a really fun special show planned for that. And I want to thank my guests here. Guys, we, you have to admit we broed out. We really did. We did it. We did it. You have to admit it. We had guy talk, we had bro talk, we talked about ladies and what they're thinking, we talked about bodies. Yeah, we got to the bottom of a lot. We had some hot topics.

Rob Delaney, Jimmy Pardo, Paul Russ, thank you guys so much. We'll see you next week. This has been Comedy Bang Bang. Bye.

This has been an Earwulf Media Production, executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman. For more information, visit Earwulf.com.
