---
layout: page
title: 122. Zach Galifianakis,Paul F. Tompkins,Yo La Tengo [8035⧸21005].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Coming up on the show today, you know him from such movies as The Hangover and The Hangover Part II. Zach Galifianakis is here with me. Also, we have a guest, a famed film director will be coming up on the show a little later. And the band YOLA TENGO is here in studio going to play several songs, all of that and more, all on today's...

Crab Cakes activate. It's Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you very much for joining me. Crab Cakes activate. That's a listener submitted catch phrase. Crab Cakes activate. Not sure if that's going to catch on. Crab Cakes activate. Not bad. I don't know. The more I say it, the more it's kind of rolling off the tongue.

Crab Cakes activate. Maybe that's what it needs. It's just a little too much. Crab Cakes activate.

That's a little better. Hey, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. This is episode 122. I am Scott Aukerman, AKA Hot Saucerman, AKA The Comanche.

Oxy Scotton.

Not bad. Not bad. That is our guest who we will get to in a second. Actually, why don't I just introduce him right off the top. You know him from such movies as The Future, Hangover III.

Please...

Don't say that.

Really? Is it going to jinx it? You think it won't happen if I mention it?

No. Don't talk about it.

Zach Alvinakis is right here in front of me. Welcome him. Before we talk to you, Zach, and you could please... I love your humor, so please...

Talk more.

Yeah. Talk more and jump in and challenge any of these things I'm about to say or add on.

I am in a bad mood, just so you know.

I want to welcome all of our new listeners. This is our first day that we are now on the Funny or Die homepage. Down there at the bottom, if you go to Funny or Die, we're a Funny or Die podcast. EarWolf is the new provider to Funny or Die, so very happy. This is the first show that's on Funny or Die, so if you don't know what a podcast is, you just tuned into Funny or Die for all your funny three-minute internet videos. You like internet videos, right, Zach?

I like some of them, yeah. I like watching fat people fall down.

Now, do you have a camera trained on your mirror, or...?

Yes, it's got. I will set up a video camera, and I fall down the steps of my house every day.

Just put some banana peels?

Yeah. Banana peel, and then an anvil drops in my head.

So Zach's a big fan of internet videos, and maybe you guys are too, so welcome to all of the new listeners. What is Comedy Bang Bang? I am the host of it. I'm a writer, performer, and Zach and I, we work together on some videos for Funny or Die called Between Two Ferns, and I have a bunch of my funny friends, and every once in a while, some weirdo will walk in and we'll talk to him, and that's basically what it is. It's a talk show where we talk to interesting people, and speaking of interesting people, Zach, is that a good segue?

Who are you talking about?

You.

Oh. It's okay.

No.

Oh.

I'm actually talking about the people to my left.

Oh, right. That's better.

Occasionally, we have real live musicians, musical combinations on the show, and we've had Susanna Hoffs and Matthew Sweet and Ted Leo and some wonderful people, and this may top them all, because we have one of my favorite bands here, and you know them as YLT. That's right. Ira Kaplan, Georgia Hubli, and James McNeu are here. It's Yola Tango are here in the studio with me. Welcome, guys.

Thanks for having us.

Feel free to talk into the cylindrical thing in front of you if you want to be heard, but...

You can...

We thought they had been strategically placed by your technical team.

You can thank me again since it was off mic. Go ahead.

Thanks a lot, Scott.

How many people listen to this thing?

What in your fucking business?

Watch your language, because I don't like that kind of talk. The other thing is, I don't know you want to waste Yola Tango. They got other things to do.

What?

What are you trying to say?

Well, tell us how many hits you get. How many people listen to this?

It's anywhere, like on the low end is two, and in the upper end is probably like 80 million.

That checks out. Okay.

Zach, do you have any questions for Yola Tango?

I do, but I feel like they've heard... I feel like I've asked Ira this before, but I don't want to... I feel like they probably get asked this a lot.

No, go ahead, though.

I know the answer, so I just love that song, and I don't know if this is the right... I love the song about Tony Orlando's house.

Thank you.

It's from a Simpsons thing, right?

Yeah.

Yeah, that's the answer. It's a line from a Simpsons?

From the Lionel... Sorry, the Troy McClure filmography, let's say, Tony Orlando's house.

I guess his telethonography. Zach, did that answer your question?

Oh, I already knew the answer. Maybe that's your point, is that why am I asking a question that I already know the answer to?

Yeah, ask something you don't know the answer to.

What is the capital of Malawi? Oh, no, I know it. A long way.

There is nothing you don't know, is there?

You can't stop me, especially if I know the questions.

What's the last thing you bought, Zach?

Last thing I bought? Like, besides food? Fat joke, don't do a fat joke.

Okay, I'll exclude that. Besides all the food, what's the last thing you bought?

Bell Bib Devo tickets.

That is not a joke. They're on tour now.

Oh, they are?

Yeah, they are.

Because I keep up with modern culture. Maybe modern is stretching it.

Yeah.

Geez, what a terrible bragger.

Now, Yola Tango, you guys are going to be playing songs the entire program. I mean, not during the entire program. That would be a little weird because we have to talk and we have to do comedy things, but you will be performing songs for us. Is that a correct assumption?

If you would like us to, we will.

Well, I went to the whole trouble of getting gear for you.

So it seems only fair.

You guys are in LA briefly and we were talking a little bit before the show. You were here to play a party and then you got Shanghai'd by Irene.

Yeah.

And that used to mean something else, but these days it means that the hurricane cut off all flights and now you're stuck in LA for a week. What's the most interesting thing you've done since you've been here, would you say?

See the Hollywood sign?

Yeah.

Walk of Fame?

We've not seen the Walk of Fame on this trip, do we?

Did you go on one of those bus tours?

I'm sorry we didn't go to the death museum across this street.

Oh, the psychiatry, the what is it called? The science of death?

Ministry of death.

Zach, what do you think? Do you agree with that?

What is it? I've never heard of it.

Psychiatry? It's basically like people...

No, trust me, I'm well aware of what it is. We won't go into details.

No, I would think it may be some sort of wing of Scientology perhaps, but they assert that psychiatry is bad for the body and so they set up a whole museum bad for the body and the mind, I guess. More for the mind.

So they believe that if someone is schizophrenic that they can be treated...

How? I mean, when you say they, who do you mean?

Well, isn't the Scientology... I love to do that. I have a meeting at Dream's Work today.

Zach, are you a religious man?

Yeah.

What do you practice? Or what do you preach?

Actually, I'm a strong believer in the Tea Party, their beliefs. I love Sarah Palin.

I mean, excuse me, Paris Alen. He broke his silence over the world's greatest joke.

Yeah, I guess because you can't beat it. Am I religious? I grew up in the Greek Orthodox faith.

I mean, do you practice still in your life now? Or do you have any kind of ties to religion?

I go to Greek Easter.

What's that?

It's an Easter from the Greek Orthodox Church. It's very ceremonial. That's what I like about the Greek Church. It's not very preachy.

Is a lot of standing and reciting.

A lot of standing and a lot of incense. There's a lot of laughing. There's a good place to laugh, this church. They ring a bell a lot in the Greek Church. My brother, we used to see if he could be the first one to stand. When you ring a bell, you're supposed to stand.

My brother always tried to be the first. We would have a contest who would stand the quickest.

And also, when you ring the bell to sit down, we'd also have a contest who took the longest to sit down. Everybody's been seated for 35 seconds. My brother and I are still crunching down.

Yeah, so yeah, I'm very religious.

All right, tell you what, why don't we have YLT play a song and then when we come back we have another special guest? I mean, more than four special guests? Is it even possible?

I don't know. But what do you guys, what are you thinking you might do right now?

Well, it seems we ought to do the callback.

Yeah.

Oh, Zach's favorite.

Should I look at the words?

Give it a shot.

Give it a shot. I love it.

If it seems necessary, just jump right in.

Why don't somebody else count it?

One, two, three, four.

We proudly welcome Tony Orlando.

Inside a thousand people with yellow ribbons sing and clap on one and three.

Watch him burn, he's dropping to his knees.

Watch him burn, green smoke making him bleed.

Watch him burn, I'll make sherry slips sing.

Meanwhile in Tampa, outside Casatoni with frags and gasoline.

A jealous Frankie Valli says, don't I want you back?

Bites a match and counts to three.

Watch it burn, reluctantly he leaves.

Watch it burn, that green smoke making him bleed.

Watch it burn, I'll make sherry slips sing.

Watch it burn, reluctantly he leaves.

Watch it burn, that green smoke making him bleed.

Watch it burn, I'll make sherry slips sing.

Sorry to inform you, Tony Orlando has been postponed.

Wow.

I love that song.

Fantastic.

That was beautiful.

I noticed you guys were doing a tour recently, sort of like Elvis Costello's spinning wheel tour.

Was it a wheel actually?

It was actually nothing like Elvis Costello's.

So sorry.

In what way did it differ?

Because I saw the Elvis tour and that's maybe why I'm likening it to it.

Correct me if I'm wrong.

My impression of the Elvis tour was that he had- He sang Elvis Costello songs.

Forty songs on his wheel.

And he would spin the wheel and that would determine what order he played those songs in.

And to be honest, he was like stopping it on songs he wanted to play next.

Yeah, it was a big let down to me.

So, what we did is we had I think it was eight different formats that we might play in.

And we would spin the wheel once and we would play for 40 minutes in whatever format came up.

Most eye-catchingly, we also did this thing called sitcom theater in which we would perform an entire- Well, we would kind of read.

It wasn't much of a performance.

It was a performance.

An entire episode.

Some people took it a little more seriously than others.

No, we took it very seriously.

We performed an entire episode of a TV program.

So, it came up three times in the course of- Was it always Seinfeld?

I heard it was Seinfeld.

No.

We did the episode of Judge Judy in which a drummer sues John Lydon.

Oh, right.

We did that as well.

I think next time do an hour program, do like an episode of The Wire.

You know?

Wow.

Roots.

Is that okay that I said that?

There we go.

Finally, you're earning his keep.

Yeah, still got it.

All right, let's get to our next guest because we're very excited to have him.

He, of course, is one of the greatest figures of the new German cinema.

He is- Not so new anymore, I guess, you know.

He's a film director, a producer, a screenwriter, an actor, and an opera director.

I hope we get to talk about that.

That is really exciting.

We won't.

Okay.

But just kind of a mixture of strange people here today, please welcome Werner Herzog.

Sorry, Werner or Werner?

Werner, yes.

Werner.

Should I be saying Werner?

I wish you would.

It's my name.

Okay, Werner.

I'm not going to call you Skitt unless you like me too.

I wouldn't mind that, actually.

Okay, Skitt.

Werner, it's a pleasure to have you here.

It's a pleasure to be here, Skitt.

Thank you so much for having me.

I'm a big fan of podcasting and any kind of experimental technology.

It reminds me of my days in the early days of the new German cinema.

This is a great time for you.

It's when everything is new and no one is paying attention.

No one knows who you are.

No one's listening.

You are like nothing.

It's wonderful.

The freedom of it is fantastic.

So enjoy this.

Enjoy this period of anonymity where you are like a gnat.

I appreciate the sentiment in the way you asked me to enjoy something that I do enjoy.

You're very welcome.

You're very welcome to you.

That said, I would say maybe you're slightly confused on how many people or how unknown this program is.

It's entirely possible.

I haven't investigated how many people are listening.

Why would you be on the show if you...

I'm an adventurous person.

I like to try new things and I like to meet new people.

Uh-huh.

Now, we have not met before.

No, we have not.

Okay.

Is this your card?

We have not a visual.

It's very funny.

Do you know Zach Galifianakis?

Who?

Have you ever tried?

He's to your right.

He's an actor.

This fellow, yes.

An American actor.

Of course, I've seen you in many films.

There's a quality to you that I particularly enjoy.

There's a wild laziness about you that I think is stupendous.

You come on the screen and everyone can relax because you're practically asleep.

Thanks, Werner.

You never quite know if Zach is going to fly into a rage or fall asleep on the couch in any scene.

In many ways.

Klaus Kinski, with whom I worked many times, was an absolute madman and in many ways, I was afraid of him.

In many ways, I wanted to destroy him and, you know, he was sort of the Zach Galifianakis of his day.

Oh, right.

I've heard that.

Yes.

Fitzcarraldo, I think, is a sort of a hangover two of its time.

Sure.

Both of them involve dragging a boat over a mountain.

Right?

I haven't seen Hangover Two.

Is that correct?

I haven't seen it either.

I mean, a boat does come crashing through a wedding in Hangover Two.

Oh, that's the same thing.

There you go.

I saw your last film, though.

I liked it.

Do you know what it is?

I heard you did not like it.

I did like it.

But you had a problem with the three-dimensional aspect of it.

Yes, I went to a theater that did not pass out the glasses.

I hear things.

How do you know?

That's strange.

Well, you went to a theater, I instructed them not to pass out the glasses because I said, I want people to experience this the way the early cave dwellers did, which was they all had terrible vision because there were no eye doctors yet.

So somebody would make this cave painting, and of course, it's terrible because you can't see straight.

And then other people would look at it and say, I don't know, I guess it's okay because I can't see any better than you.

And those were the world's first compliments.

Yes, they were backhanded, of course.

Of course.

That is how the world runs on such backhanded compliments.

It's like currency here.

I don't follow what you're saying.

Currency, it's what people use.

I know what currency is.

Money.

I know what currency is.

Oh, you do?

Okay.

But words cannot be used as currency.

Yeah.

Good try, Skitt.

Well, you said it's how the world...

Okay.

No, I mean, physically, it's what makes the world turn.

Oh, you mean actually physically, like it's a...

You understand that nature is out to destroy us at all times.

Okay.

I had not...

Mankind will never triumph over nature.

Nature is always waiting outside the door of man's existence.

Knock, knock, who's there?

It's me, nature.

I'm going to destroy you.

I'm going to crush you like a bug, although a bug is part of nature, so I wouldn't do that.

We are outside of nature, and even bugs outrank us.

Okay.

Interesting.

So what is the hierarchy?

Where do we fall?

Are we below doors?

It goes...

Oh, absolutely.

We're so far down there, you wouldn't even believe it.

It's the worst.

What about boats?

Like these boats...

They outrank us, yes.

...that crash through the wedding of Hangover 2.

Yes, they outrank us.

Any boat that crashes through a wedding, any boat that is dragged over a mountain, a plastic boat that you have in the bathtub.

Wait a minute.

Plastic boats, like plastic is some sort of man-made...

Once mankind makes it and it's out of its hands, then it is released into the world, then it becomes nature.

And it will crush you.

Are we at the very bottom of everything?

This is what I'm trying to say, this is what I'm trying to tell you, yes, we're at the very bottom of everything.

So what are you working on now?

Why did you come to the program?

Are you promoting something?

Are you...

I'm doing a third Brady Munch movie.

I read that in the trade.

Yes, this is based on the episode where they go to Hawaii and they encounter a cursed idol.

The idol, yeah, the Hawaii...

But in this place, it's not so much an idol, it's not a supernatural force, it is a natural force.

They pick up a small, they think it's a little idol, but it's a sleeping animal that it wakes up and it attacks all of the Brady Munch and destroys them.

Destroys them physically?

In what way?

Both physically and emotionally.

Really?

First, it says the most awful things to them.

About what would the subject matter be?

Their asymmetrical faces, their clothing, their ambition in life.

Their 60s good looks don't translate to the modern era.

That's where the jokes come in, it's a lot of jokes about them being from the 60s in the modern world.

And then physically, what does it do?

Oh, it eats them.

Oh, okay.

It eats them very slowly, it eats the six children, the two parents and the maid, one at a time.

All of the Brady Munch, in other words.

All of the Brady Munch.

All nine of them.

All nine of that Brady Munch.

Occasionally...

Only Sam the Butcher escapes to tell the story, it's ironic because he's a butcher, he's a destroyer of nature, he kills animals and cuts them up much the way this tiny animal...

So then what is the moral here?

Because it seems to me he's out there destroying nature, he's the one cutting up animals, what was...

Wouldn't he be the first target?

Exactly, the idea is that that's an ironic statement that I'm making, that of course this butcher, this flair of animal flesh, he escapes, but for how long?

Because eventually this little animal is going to...

I left the door open for a sequel, in other words.

Okay.

Yes.

So a fourth Brady Munch movie, in other words.

Well, fingers crossed.

I don't want to jinx it.

So the third sequel to the first Brady Munch movie.

Indeed.

Okay.

Yes, you follow me.

So it's ironic because he's the one who should be punished the most.

Yes, and he will be in the fourth movie.

Okay.

What do you have planned for the fourth movie?

I don't know.

It's slow going, the script, so far.

What if you crossed it over with another Sherwood Schwartz production?

Like a Gilligan's Island, which more people powerless against nature.

They went out for this boat ride and then sort of a tsunami lands them on some sort of island and they never, ever get off because nature, also human nature, their basic greed and shallowness and stupidity keeps them confined on that island forever.

Not even robots can save them, or globetrotters.

Especially not globetrotters.

They tried.

They tried very hard.

They tried very...

But this is...

They did their damnedest.

This is what I love about the Harlem Globetrotters visit Gilligan's Island was this is what I'm saying all along is that there's no fighting nature.

Even famous comedy basketball players cannot overcome nature and you think they would.

But I do have to disagree with you because unlike Sisyphus who keeps pushing that rock up the hill and then failing, the Gilligan's Island cast eventually did get off the island and they were able to...

Are you talking about the actors?

No, no.

I mean the actual characters in the perhaps last movie they get off the island.

I think you will find they ended up shipwrecked on an island again.

Well, maybe that's where your story takes...

I'm almost 100% certain this is the case.

I feel...

I invite your listeners, all six of them, to look up what happened to the Gilligan's Island people, not the actors, but most of them are dead, I hope.

You hope?

Wait a minute.

What?

I mean, I imagine.

What did I say?

Don't you want them in this...

I may have...

I have a cold.

I have a terrible cold.

Sometimes my English is not so...

I don't think you can blame this on English.

I really don't.

I do speak pretty good English, don't I?

Yeah, you do.

I mean, you're perhaps more eloquent than I.

Probably.

All right.

Tell you what.

Why don't we take a break and do a song and that way Zach can feed his meter unless he wants to sit here and we have someone else feed his meter, but then how would you describe your car?

If someone...

What are you driving these days, Zach?

Subaru Albat?

98.

I'd want to listen to the music.

Can you guys come walk to the meter with me and play?

All right, so guys, what do you want to play right now?

I know that Bob Odenkirk, by the way, was nice enough to, I guess broker this, sounds a little too formal, but he was nice enough to ask if you guys would do this for me.

And he said to me, oh, get him to...

You should totally get him to play Sugarcube, buddy.

And so that was a request from him, but we can save that to the end or...

God damn it!

That's my Bob Odenkirk impression.

Wait, you know Bob Odenkirk?

Of course I do, yes.

I'm a big fan of Mr. Show and Breaking Bad.

God damn it!

He's always screaming and yelling, very filled with anger.

It's filled with impotent rage.

It's like there's a fist where his heart should be.

Yes, always railing against the posts.

It's punching him in the ribs constantly.

So there's that, feel free to play that at any point or not at all, but did you have something that you were...

No, we...

Well, it's a blank.

We could do that.

Okay.

Why don't we do that then?

This is Yolotango.

We're at Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be right back with a little more Zach and Werner Herzog.

And this is Yolotango.

Let's hear.

Let's hear it, let's hear it, let's hear it.

Let's hear it, let's hear it.

Let's hear it.

Let's hear it, let's hear it.

Let's hear it.

Fantastic.

I'm glad Zach wasn't here to hear that.

I'm glad he missed it to make it a more intimate experience.

Yeah.

I know.

It feels like this room just got like four times bigger after Zach left.

That's fantastic.

Yes.

I feel like I can finally breathe.

This is so mean.

He's not here.

Well, he wouldn't care.

Let's play a game.

Okay.

Who dislikes Zach more?

Oh, everyone has their hands up.

It's amazing.

It's a six way tie.

Werner, have you heard of this band before?

Yolotango, yes.

I'm very familiar.

Absolutely.

You seem to know everyone and everything.

I feel very connected to the human race.

Because soon we will be wiped out.

Did you know Bellevue De Vos touring?

Of course I did.

Good.

May I ask a question of Yolotango?

Yes, please.

When you are performing your music concerts and people are yelling out requests, do you ever want to tell them to go kill themselves?

Because there's a concert going on and it's not a sort of a command performance where people can tell you what to do like you are little puppets.

Do you ever want to say, hey, why don't you stop yelling?

Because we are the ones who get to make noise now and you go to hell.

Does that ever cross your mind?

Great question.

Have you ever murdered a fan?

This is open to everyone.

Follow up, have you ever murdered a non-fan?

Well, that's not as interesting.

Wait a minute, you think out of the entire world.

I don't mean to deny your premise, but to murder, of course, it is divine and it's what we all long to do all the time.

But to murder someone who likes you, who appreciates your artistry, that is the filet mignon of murder.

And then of course you eat them.

Is it a part of human nature, would you say?

Because since we're outside of nature, do humans have nature or is that an oxymoron?

Human nature is, as we have discussed, only to murder and to be destroyed by nature.

So human nature desires to be destroyed?

Well, we desire to destroy because we know we are going to be destroyed.

That is so interesting.

Also, I'm building a weather machine.

I forgot to mention that earlier.

I thought you were about to say website.

I'm building a website.

How do you do those, by the way?

It's very complicated.

The band knows magic.

Do you need to know Flash?

Not a lot of people using Flash these days, mainly because the iPad doesn't support it.

I was just getting started.

Taking some night classes.

The learning addicts.

Well, Zach's back, which I think would be the tagline of Hangover 3.

He has yet to be in the room.

Let's talk some more shit about him before he comes in.

Why not?

He is just the worst.

Zach, come on back in here.

Come on back in.

Come on.

Here's a cup of water.

Come on back in here.

There you go.

Sit down.

I don't know why the limo driver couldn't have fed the meter.

You know what I would love, Vern, is you have an actor here in front of you.

Now, I've heard a lot about your legendary directing style.

You have an actor here in front of you.

I would love to have you direct him almost as if he were to be in one of your films.

I would love to just see what your style is in person.

If Zach is willing, then I would be perfectly happy to.

I'm not much of an actor.

You're going to feel really guilty if you go home and listen to this and hear the wonderful things he was saying about you.

That's why I'm not going to listen to him.

Is that why?

Yeah.

Okay, I'll participate in this.

All right, so you have an actor here.

Let's see.

First of all, what kind of project would this be?

Would this be something akin to your remake of Bad Lieutenant?

Bad Lieutenant Port of Call New Orleans?

Yes.

Well, that's the name of it.

What if it was a new Bad Lieutenant?

Where could this Bad Lieutenant go next?

Where is his port of call?

Perhaps Bad Lieutenant Port of Call...

South Beach?

The undersea kingdom of Atlantis.

Right.

Okay.

And you are breathing through gills.

Mankind has evolved to a point where he must live under the sea.

Right.

Because of the polar ice caps have melted.

It's basically Waterworld.

Don't tell anyone.

Okay.

Anyway, there you are swimming around under the ocean.

And you are sad because you realize that soon you will be dead.

Okay.

Because the sea creatures will rebel against mankind.

They tolerate them for a while, but then they rise up against them.

And so give me some of that.

Is he the Kevin Costner figure in this or is he Poseidon?

He's his own fellow.

I'm sad because sea creatures are going to rise up against me.

Yeah.

You're just thinking about it.

And I've formed gills.

Is that what you said?

Everyone has.

Yeah.

Is he monologizing while he does this or doing any kind of soliloquy about it?

Yes, improvise for me, if you will, a monology about how the undersea kingdom of fish and fish creatures are going to annihilate all of humankind.

Is that how you work?

A lot of improv on set?

Never.

No.

This is new for me.

Very exciting.

I'm open to new things.

Man, I sure am bummed about everything that's going on in my life.

It's kind of...

No, hey.

Halt.

Hold on.

Hey, Amber.

I don't...

Who is Amber?

It's a hammerhead shark that's a friend of mine.

That you've named Amber.

Yeah.

Hey, what's up, Amber?

She doesn't speak.

Oh, I don't know.

You tell me.

No, she does not.

She's a hammerhead shark.

I didn't know what happened to the hammerhead sharks then.

Dogs don't speak and we still talk to them, so I buy it.

That's a very good point, Scott.

Thank you.

And you know what the dogs are thinking when we're speaking to them?

What's that?

I'm going to rip your throat out because I'm nature.

What would it think when it looks at a door?

You and I are friends.

It's us against them.

What about a closed door that's keeping it from running free throughout nature?

He says it's softer because there could be somebody sleeping on the other side of the door.

It's just polite.

I get it.

Okay, you were pausing to give Zack a little direction.

You've just seen Amber, the hammerhead shark.

Yeah.

Amber says to you nothing, of course, because she was a shark, but she just tried to harm you with her hammer-like head.

Yeah.

Now, you believe you are friends.

This is a betrayal.

Yeah.

What do you say to her?

Now is not a really good time, Amber.

I'm kind of bummed out, so I don't know if you're joking around or what you're doing, but I'm not into it.

The problem I'm having with- Oh, hey, Marcus.

Oh, wait a minute.

Who is this Marcus now?

It's some algae fish.

Oof, algae fish.

They are the worst.

They are the ones that lead the rebellion.

Yeah.

The algae fish all get together in one giant clump, and they say, look at us.

We're a mess.

We are better than people, even with gills.

Right.

Let's do this.

Let's do this, fellows.

And then they have a few meetings.

Most of the movie will take place over the course of several meetings.

Are you going to be underwater when we do it?

No.

I'll be directing from- Outer space?

From outer space.

That's correct.

From a satellite.

I have a directorial satellite.

Oh.

Is that how you do all your movies?

Yeah, pretty much.

I mean, I'll come down for dailies.

It's like a long trip to come down for dailies.

Like a daily trip?

Well, I care about what I do.

So you have some more notes for Zach.

Oh.

My problem with your performance is that I feel like you're capturing the ennui and the despair, but I think you need to make a sort of bubbly sound with your mouth because you're underwater.

Yeah, I don't mind.

I don't know.

It takes me right out of it when you need- I don't know a verb because, I mean, if you've seen- Well, you don't need to know because I'm the director.

Yeah.

Are you this hard to work with on set, Zach?

No, but I'm just, you have to- I don't know.

Hollywood start paying attention to behind the scenes.

This is what Zach's like when he disagrees with a direction.

Interesting.

I think most directors would be happy to have a discussion about- I haven't found that to be the case.

No.

No, but like in actual movies.

What were you on, Jag?

So what if I was?

Well, well- Look, Zach, you have a little, you have a glass of water there in front of you.

You could very easily take a sip and then do the bubbling sound.

Why not make Werner happy?

That's a good point.

I just don't want to feel stupid doing it, but I guess I won't feel stupid.

Yeah, you won't feel stupid.

I'll go ahead and try it.

So you want me to gargle this, basically, or just- Just sort of do your dialogue, but make sure there's plenty of water going on.

You can sort of blow bubbles in the cup.

You don't have to put it in your mouth.

Blow bubbles.

Well, maybe like this.

Hi, you little- That's better.

Remember, it's not a good time to do this.

Something along those lines?

Now, did that make you feel stupid?

Actually, I think you're right.

I think that was good for the character, and it kind of sold the whole water thing.

You felt as if you were there.

But my point is- It's empowering.

I'm not going to be breathing into a cup with one inch of water in it.

How else are we supposed to do it?

Well, I was hoping maybe you'd build a set with it.

No, no, no.

We're just going to paint a wall to look like the ocean.

And all the actors will have plastic cups with water in them.

Wow.

I didn't think- Are you going to digitally erase these plastic cups, or- That runs into money, so- Yeah, yeah.

We're just going to put a disclaimer at the opening of the film saying, please, everybody, pretend you don't see those cups.

I find that- Why is that so funny, though?

I will come out, I'm crying, thinking of how I have to go in front of the camera to ask them I'm going to make a personal plea to the audience.

I find that audiences are willing, the willing suspension of disbelief, they call it.

This is what cinema is all about.

Because people know that they're looking at essentially a giant screen.

You know Grizzly Man was made up, right?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I had heard that.

As a costume.

Yeah, it was a bunch of costumes.

Very expensive, by the way.

Was it a- We did kill that fellow, though.

Yeah.

Who was in the bear costume?

He asked too many questions.

Was it an actual bear in a bear costume, or was it a- It was, one of them was a giraffe in a bear costume.

Wow.

One of them was two pygmy hippopotami.

Wow.

Standing on each other's shoulders.

Or what passes for shoulders in there.

Was that because they weren't old enough?

That's right, they were terribly young.

We could only film them certain times because they had to go with their tutor.

Do they have a trench coat around them to make them- Yes.

Okay, good.

First, the pygmy hippopotami would stand on top of each other.

Right.

Then we would add a trench coat.

Then we would add a bear costume.

Okay, great.

That all makes sense.

Now that I've come to think of it, I saw the movie and- Whoa, whoa, whoa.

They sweat bullets in there.

Are you joking around or what?

No, this is a little behind the scenes.

This is a making of- Oh.

Huh.

So there was a- huh, I never- hippopotamus on top of a hippopotamus wearing a trench coat dressed up as- Well, I mean a pygmy hippopotamus, it's not ridiculous.

Zach, you've worked with animals before in the- How many?

In the first of many- Will you please name the number of animals with which you've worked?

Polar bear.

That's not a number.

I'm counting in my head.

Polar bear.

You're actually saying it out loud.

You can do both.

It's a free country.

Yes.

This is not Germany anymore.

You're not in Germany.

Those were the days when this was Germany.

Yeah.

All right, so polar bear.

And what was it in that first of what we hope will be many hangovers?

What was the animal that was in the bathroom?

Bradley Cooper.

I don't understand this.

It's American humor.

I don't understand.

It's really good American humor.

This doesn't make sense to me.

Oh, God.

All right.

Why don't we have another song, and I hate to interrupt this.

May I make a request if no one else has one?

Oh, yeah.

We've all made a request.

If it is allowed, if it would please the band.

Now, just earlier you were talking about how rude that was to make requests to bands, but- At a concert.

Oh, at a concert.

This is a more informal setting.

All right.

There's always a loophole, Scott.

Not with nature, though, it will destroy us.

No, of course not.

Would it be possible to hear periodically double or triple?

Yes.

Oh, that provoked a cough.

Fuck.

I never read Proust, it seems a little too long.

I never used a hammer without somehow using it wrong.

I got time on my hands that I can't wash off.

I'm guzzling vitamin C, but I can't shake this cough.

The walls are closing in.

They often do.

I'm seeing double and triple.

Does this ever happen to you?

I don't have to make it rain, but I never argue with proving the view.

I never wear a helmet when I'm riding my bike.

I never recall a face, cause to me they all look alike.

I got a hole in my brain, where what I meant to say lives.

I'm reliving the past, a gift that gives and gives.

The walls are closing in, they often do.

I'm seeing double and triple.

Does this ever happen to you?

I don't have to make it rain, but I never argue with proving the view.

I'm guzzling vitamin C, but I can't shake this cough.

Sometimes, in the future tense, I hope to be much safer.

Put up an electric fence, then in the world even, we can all get along.

Put it down and right in, Judge and Judy tell me if I'm wrong.

The walls are closing in, they often do.

I'm seeing double and triple.

Does this ever happen to you?

I don't have to make it rain, but I never argue with proving the view.

Is this open to everyone?

Yes.

I'm mainly asking you, Werner.

Go ahead.

Well, of course I feel that she's representative of the judge, the judge over us all.

Do you think that she should stand in judgment over humanity?

Why not?

Someone has to.

Someone has to, and perhaps Judge Judy could decide whether or not we are even entitled to struggle for our lives, or if we should just submit to every earthquake, hurricane, and tsunami that comes along.

I have a problem with Judge Judy, I have to say, like a personal problem.

I cannot imagine what this would be.

Well, one day I pissed on her leg, right, and to cover it up I told her it was raining.

Did she buy it?

She did not like that.

She's very clever.

She was not into that.

She knows the difference.

Yeah.

A lot of people won't.

She should have admonished you beforehand.

That's what I'm saying, like, if you don't want me to do that, just tell me.

And then she writes this book about it.

Make it a policy.

I say make it a policy.

Terrible.

Zach?

What are my feelings in Judge Judy?

Yes.

Or anything else you want to answer.

I just remembered.

I only put a nickel on the meter.

I have to go again.

All right, well, it is time for one of our favorite features on the show.

If this is your first time listening, this is something that we play, not every show, but quite often.

It's a little something we call Would You Rather?

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather?

We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios on our Twitter feed, which is C-B-B-W-Y-R, Comedy Bang Bang Would You Rather.

And I'll read them out, and then I will open the floor for questions, and you are free to ask me any questions about either of the scenarios in order to narrow down your choice.

And then I will close the floor.

You will all vote, and then I will assign points, and we will figure out who wins, and that's pretty much how it plays.

So any questions from any of you guys?

Yes, is this game typically played amongst five people?

Well, I kind of was thinking that the band would play as a team, so they would have to confer.

So what we'll do is we'll go to them last, and they can confer.

What if Zack and I were also to become a unit and play against the three-headed monster that is Yula Tango?

I would love that.

Do you think you stand a chance?

I feel that Zack and I have the ferociousness of two pygmy hippopotamuses on each other's shoulders.

And a bear suit.

Indeed.

With a Tyrolean hat on the top.

I didn't mention that.

All right, our first scenario comes to us from Holly Freberg.

Holly Freberg asks, Would you rather have to adopt a baby every time you heard Don't Stop Believing or never see the last 15 minutes of any movie you watch?

Would you rather have to adopt a baby every time you heard Don't Stop Believing?

I have a question.

The floor is not open.

I'm afraid I'm going to have to dock the team.

I'm going to play by myself.

You can't do that?

I don't want him on my team.

I was saying you're becoming a one-man wolf pack.

Don't you mean wolf pack?

My English is very good.

All right, so we'll split you guys up.

All right, would you rather have to adopt a baby every time you heard Don't Stop Believing or never see the last 15 minutes of any movie you watch?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

I have a question.

In the adopt a baby scenario, is it every time you hear Don't Stop Believing in its entirety, or is it any time you hear even one note from the song?

Great question.

I think you basically have a grace period, which is just a small town girl.

And then as soon as that is over, then you have to adopt the baby if you're still in the room.

So you can hear even the opening keyboard riff.

Sure.

And as soon as you hear that, you know, I have to stop listening to this immediately, or I will be forced to adopt a baby.

I have to change the channel.

I have to run out of the roller rink.

Whatever you need to do.

I have a follow-up question.

Yes, Ferner.

In this scenario, in this world in which you are forced to do this, this adopting the baby, when you hear the song, do you have to go through all the same channels that you normally would to adopt the baby?

To adopt the baby?

In the regular world, yes.

Yes, you do.

As a matter of fact, you have to, you find for a while it was easier in China, but now they've started tamping down on those regulations, so you can't go there anymore.

So now you're going to Africa a little more, and it's a little easier over there.

I have a follow-up question.

Yes, Ferner.

Boy, this is textbook, by the way, not letting anyone else near it.

It's like a basketball player not allowing anyone near the hoop.

Like a Harlem Globetrotter.

Sure, a comedy basketball player, yeah.

Zach, questions?

You want to play by yourself.

This is unprecedented.

Don't just breathe heavily into the microphone.

Why?

Why not?

It's a tribute to James Gandolfini and the Sopranos.

Do what I want to.

I would rather...

Don't vote yet.

See, this is why you...

Let me finish.

Okay.

I'd rather give my answer in a minute.

Okay, great.

But how about asking any kind of question?

I'm settled.

No one's asked any kind of question about the not watching the last 15 minutes of any movie.

Let me ask you this.

Yes.

About that.

Yes, Ferner.

Uh-oh.

Zach, is that your ringtone?

Yeah, let me get it.

Hey, mom.

This is going to be really tough for you.

It's a personal song.

Was she a small-town girl, your mom?

She is.

Still is.

Does she?

In the complete world, yeah.

She doesn't take her meds.

Ferner, you say you had a question about the last 15 minutes?

Yes.

In this scenario, do you enjoy movies or is this a blessing that at least you spared the last 15 minutes of this crushing junk?

Well, you don't really enjoy movies because say you go to your typical romantic comedy.

Okay.

You always end up leaving right when the boy loses the girl and he's depressed.

See, you're under the impression that that's how movies end.

That sounds delightful to me.

Because you get up and you walk out of the theater, you're compelled to, you don't know why, but it's because of this choice you made.

Would you stop breathing like that?

Me?

Yes.

Am I breathing hard?

Yeah, you're breathing super hard.

Oh, I can't hear it.

Let me try it again.

It's like a classroom guinea pig who's lived too long.

I'm not breathing that hard.

That's nothing.

Has any critic ever made that assertion about your work?

That I breathe too hard?

No, that you're like a classroom guinea pig who's lived too long.

The students are all taking a test and the teacher can hear in the corner of the terrarium this poor animal laboring to hold on to life.

Yeah, I've heard that before.

Amongst the wood shavings.

Well, I've heard that before.

Any other questions here?

All right.

I'm closing the floor for questions.

We're going to vote.

Let us vote with Zach Galifianakis first.

I would definitely say the Don't Stop Believing.

Really?

Yeah.

And why is that?

I don't have any children.

How many times do you hear that song in your life?

It's good to adopt kids.

I've heard that song maybe, I mean, maybe twice.

Well, you know, you didn't ask this.

Now three times.

You didn't ask this, but you are transported back to 1984.

Well, that wasn't in the context of the question.

That's about it, but you're transported back to 1984, so it's constantly on the radio.

There were no babies to adopt back then, you dumbass.

Oh, that's a good point.

May I point out, Zach looked genuinely betrayed when he learned that information.

He loves to win.

He's very competitive.

OK, so you're voting for Don't Stop Believing because you're a cinephile.

You enjoy the movies in the theater.

I'm more of a pedophile than anything.

All right, let's go to the band.

Yiletenga, how do you like to vote?

You have to vote together.

Conferring.

The song?

Yeah.

All right, the song.

Yeah, we too will give up Don't Stop Believing.

OK, so and why is that?

What would be your reasoning behind all that?

I'm quick.

I have a quick first step.

If I hear that song begin, I'm out.

Hold on one second.

I thought about this already.

What if you're in a large department store and it's really, I mean, or a football stadium?

You're at a Journey concert.

At a football stadium, sponsored by Macy's.

Could I knock myself unconscious?

And then I would still physically be in the presence of the song.

This is unprecedented, but I'm opening the floor back up for questions.

I have a question.

No, I'm sorry.

I have to answer it.

Yiletenga's first.

You're cut off.

Yes, you are able to knock yourself unconscious.

You basically have to bash your head against whatever is in front of you.

Sometimes there's a table.

Sometimes there's a chair.

Sometimes there's an employee of Carl's Jr.

Yeah, done.

The lumber store.

I have a question.

Yes, Werner.

About the Don't Stop Believing.

Yes.

Does it only occur when you hear the original Journey version of Don't Stop Believing, or will it still happen if you hear the Filipino guy sing it?

It does not happen with the Filipino guy, but it happens with the Glee version.

All right, I'm closing the floor for questions.

We turn to you now, Werner.

How would you like to vote?

Do you have enough information?

Do you want me to open it back up?

I could ask questions for hours, but I don't wish to delay.

You're an inquisitive soul.

I am an inquisitive soul, especially these fanciful scenarios that you've created out of thin air, like a bunch of dumb castles.

As much as I love the cinema and I respect the artist's vision, I would choose the scenario where I never see the final 15 minutes of a film because I believe that those potentially adopted babies, they are all as doomed as everyone else, so why even bother giving them false hope by adopting them?

So you would not want to adopt them, you would just prefer to walk out of...

You think it gives false hope to adopt a baby?

Yes.

That what, everything's going to be all right and that they're going to be safe?

And don't you think all children sort of deserve that kind of feeling?

Well, I think every time someone adopts a baby, inevitably they say at some point to the baby as they hold them in their arms for the first time, don't worry, I will see to it that nature never crushes you.

It's inevitable.

If you ask any adoptive parent, they will tell you that they have done this.

In any language, native to them.

It's a well-meaning lie.

Have you ever lied to anyone?

All the time.

Really?

No.

All right, let me tally up the points.

Zach, we docked you points for deciding first.

Werner, we dock you points for asking questions too early.

I accept your judgment.

And so, wow.

And even though you voted incorrectly, Yola Tango, you are the winners because they had so many points docked to them.

Congratulations.

All right.

Well played, well played.

First time played, first time winners.

That's fantastic for you.

How's it feel?

Feels good.

We too are competitive.

Very effusive band.

All right, guys.

Well, that is exactly how you play Would You Rather, of course.

All right, that is how you play Would You Rather.

And boy, it looks like we are out of time, guys.

But we just have the very last feature, our most favorite feature, of course.

Zach, every time you do this, are you trying to pick up the grumblings of your stomach?

Yeah, I'm so hungry.

Can you hear it?

No, I can't.

It went away.

I can hear your entire body expanding, but I can't hear your...

All right, it's time for our most beloved feature, of course.

We are talking about the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs.

All you got is plugs All you got is plugs And it is now What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs All right, that is by the Lamedroppers.

That is called All You Got is Plugs.

If you have a plugs theme, please send it to...

Go to earwulf.com, which is where we have those.

We have a message board there, and you can post it in the appropriate thread, and we will play it here on the show for you.

That was a nice tune.

Yola Tango, how would you judge that?

I know that you could not even really hear it because you're not wearing your cans, but just on a pure vibrational level, what would you give that?

It felt good.

Yeah, it felt right.

Yeah, you could dance to it.

All right, so let's go around the horn.

What do you guys have to plug, Zach?

I'll be playing online Scrabble on Thursday.

Do you mean Words with Friends?

No, Scrabble.

Did you drop Words with Friends?

I don't play that anymore. It's too easy.

It is. You can't...

You can reign unchecked, in other words.

Right.

Okay.

Yes.

So on Thursday, and how can people play with you?

No.

Do you have a username?

Yeah, I have a username.

How do people get...

Just type in...

Zacky G?

Zacky G, I think, is the one that...

Big Z?

Big Z's Hootenanny.

What's going on with Big Z's Hootenanny, by the way?

I don't know.

I'm hoping that I'll make a decision in a week or so.

Sponsored by Puffs.

Top secret project sponsored by Puffs that we're working on.

Anything else?

Any movies coming into theaters before the end of the year?

Yeah, of course.

What do you got?

Of course?

Wait a minute.

The Muppets.

Oh, The Muppet Movie.

That's great.

Have you ever made sort of a Steve Martin type cameo in that?

Yeah.

Great.

Or are you one of the Muppets?

Have you been a Muppet this whole time?

I was a Muppet.

I am a Muppet.

I'm an animal's cousin.

Cousman.

Cousband?

Yeah, half cousin, half husband.

Is that what you call it in the South?

Shakespearean term.

No one's talking to you right now.

I like this.

Oh, sorry.

Okay, Yolotango, what do you have to plug?

I notice you're doing some dates soon, right?

We are.

Live dates?

We'll be playing in Concord, New Hampshire, Northampton.

I got one clap.

One clap.

No more.

No more than one.

You from there?

Sure.

Somewhere in New Jersey.

What's that town called?

Morristown.

Morristown, New Jersey, and one more.

New Haven, Connecticut.

Oh, wow.

And is there a purpose to this tour or just going out to play?

Do you guys enjoy that?

No.

Do you guys tour when you...

No.

Okay, good.

Do you guys watch these guys just slog through a horrible evening?

Suffer, suffer, suffer.

What's the pay on something like that?

What do you guys get paid for something like that?

Is that tacky to ask?

That's my new thing.

It's asking people how much they get paid.

Yeah, that was exactly what I did for about a year on this show.

Oh, you did?

Yeah.

We talked about this.

Sorry.

I didn't know that.

Yeah, you wanted to do it in a Between Two Ferns video, and I said, it was something I do on this show, and you went, oh, but I really want to do it.

Yes.

Why should Scott have anything?

Why should Zach have just almost everything?

Sorry.

I mean, is it that big of a deal?

Why is he even picking on me?

Jesus.

And what are your plugs?

I would like to cede my plug time to someone else.

To who?

To a comedian named Paul F. Tompkins.

We've never done that before.

I don't think that's possible.

I beg of you to do it now.

His important comedy must be heard by people.

Well, I mean, if he were around, maybe we could, but I...

He's not around.

Okay.

May I tell you of some place?

Oh.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Come on.

Who is?

Paul F. Tompkins.

Oh, hey.

Hey, guys.

Pardon me, Werner.

Hey, Paul.

How are you, my friend?

Oh, hi, guys.

Hey, Paul.

What's going on?

I was just across the street at the Museum of Death.

Did you pick up any tips?

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You know what?

Psychiatry is really tough on your body.

Mostly your knee joints.

Paul, have you met Werner?

Werner Herzog?

Of course I have.

Do you want to say hello to him?

Werner, hello.

Hey, we're on a feud.

How do you do that?

Paul, what do you have going on?

Listen, I just want to tell your dumb audience that I will be... I'll be doing...

It's your birthday, by the way.

Happy birthday.

Thank you very much.

Finally.

Thank you so much for being here on your birthday.

I really appreciate it.

It's my pleasure.

September 12th.

That's right.

I will be recording a... Well, first of all, the Paul F. Tompkins show at Largo at the Coronet.

That's a great live show.

That stars you.

That's right.

West Hollywood, California, special guest Chris Hardwick and Ted Leo is our musical guest.

I love Ted.

Very exciting.

But, that show is probably sold out, so I'm sorry.

Okay.

On Friday, October 7th, I will be recording a new one-hour special for Comedy Central at the Alex Theater in Glendale, California, and there are tickets available now.

They are free tickets to see me do an hour plus of stand-up comedies.

Where do people get these tickets?

It doesn't... Paulftompkins.com, Scott.

Is that Paulf.tompkins?

No, it's not.

Why would you throw that in there to confuse people?

I wonder.

And that's exciting.

A whole hour.

It's very exciting.

Yes.

And where did you say that was going to be on?

Glendale, California.

The Alex Theater in Glendale, California.

What platform will that be on?

Meaning Netflix, Hulu?

That's going to be on television.

On television?

And then eventually it'll be a didgeridoo.

They're going to roll it up and make it a didgeridoo.

Why not?

Oh, and also a DVD.

What network?

Comedy Central.

CC.

I'd like to plug, hey, if you enjoyed this program...

I guess I'm done plugging things.

Oh, do you have something else?

Oh, are you ready to leave?

Nope.

That's why I guessed that I was done.

Oh, great.

Take it off.

All right.

I'll see you guys later.

All right.

See you later.

Goodbye, Paul.

I miss you.

Oh, wow.

Paul just stormed out.

Did you say left in a puff?

Yeah.

Sorry.

Is that something you...

He left in a puffs.

Is that something you wish you were leaving in?

Cheese puffs?

You can't take it.

I'm hungry though.

I mean, I can't.

All right.

We're ending.

I just want to plug, if you enjoyed this show, go to EarWolf.com.

We are selling the live shows that we just did at Bumbershoot with Paul F. Tompkins and Andy Daly.

Paul F. Tompkins and Andy Daly on all three shows doing three different characters.

We just taped them at Bumbershoot.

Go to EarWolf.com.

We're selling those for $9.99 for all three, and that is a deal at twice the price, or maybe half the price.

I don't know.

I don't price things.

That's three hours of comedy that we're putting out.

Perhaps too much.

That may actually... Yeah.

No, it's... Yeah.

No.

Okay.

I was getting confused about the date.

It's on sale now.

That's all I want to plug.

That's been all.

Thank you guys so much for being here.

I want to thank, first of all, Werner.

Thank you, Skitt.

And Zach.

Thank you.

Don't... You put on your hat and coat.

You're not leaving yet.

Anyway, I was going to cue the music.

Okay.

And Yola Tango, thank you so much for being my special guest today.

It's a treat to have you guys here.

Will you play a song to end us here?

Sure.

Can this be a request-less song?

You'll hear no interference from us, just...

You are given complete autonomy.

I think I know which one they're going to do.

There's been some clues left throughout this program of what song they're about to do.

Sharpie of listeners will be able to decipher.

Two, three, four.
