Coming up on the show today, fans of AP classes will be very happy today because we have two APs today, Amy Poehler and Adam Pally, as well as music from Legends the Bangles. All of that and more on today's. My feet are wheels. Hey, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you, Comedy Bang Bang. That is of course a catchphrase submission. My feet are wheels. Not bad.

I like it. My feet are wheels. What are your hands? Oh my. That was submitted by Dan Boardman.

If you have a catchphrase, of course, come to our message board and give me a suggestion. Hello, I am Scott Aukerman, AKA Hot Sauce Man, AKA the Hong Kong Kid. And this is another edition of Comedy Bang Bang. A very exciting show today. We have Amy Poehler, who is just off mic. I will not allow her to talk right now. And some other special guests for the show, but standing in front of me and doing music the entire show. This is kind of a, I have a music month here. We had Yolatango last week. We may have some more musical guests. I'm calling it Zeptember. Whoa, I like that.

Because we're right before Rocktober. I like. Couldn't fit it in for Rocktober. But I have a wonderful band here in front of me. It's the Bangles are here. They are. We are here. AKA the Bangs, AKA the Supersonics. Bangs, AKA the Colors with a U. Brit style. That was our big twist on the word color. So we just added the U. Thanks so much for coming, guys. This is very exciting to have you here. The biggest stars ever to be in the studio. Well, it's a new studio, isn't it? Yeah, that's true. Yeah, we have Ben Stiller in the old one. And you guys are going to be doing music the entire show, which is very exciting to me. And we do want to say you have a new album coming out. We do want to say that. Sweetheart of the Sun. What would you say, this is your first record in seven years? I'd say that even though it's actually more like eight.

The Bangles, we will be hearing several songs from you over the course of the show. I'm very excited. Amy is very excited here next to me. So let's get to her now. Miss Amy Poehler is here.

Welcome. Yes. Let's all clap for Amy. It is such a pleasure to have you here. Thank you so much for coming. Thanks for having me. Yeah, it really has been my goal to have you on the show. I created the show in order to have you sitting right here in the chair. It's getting weird now. Let's get down to it. You're holding my arm really tight. I really am. All right, I'll release you. There you go. I hope you don't mind those marks. So what's been going down? I haven't seen you in a while.

Well, I'm let's see. I mean, I'm just working Hollywood, you know. God, I just spent the day just driving up and down Hollywood. Really? Just Boulevard, you mean? Yeah, the Boulevard.

Just looking. The Bull? Yeah, thanks. I like to call it the Vard. I just drive up and down the Vard and I just see what's shaking. That's what I do is I yell out the window, I go, hey, what's shaking? What's shaking Vard? Yeah. Go to the t-shirt shops. Any new t-shirts here? I pitch a lot of funny t-shirt ideas. Really? What do you got? Only users lose drugs. I can't take credit for that.

That was a t-shirt I saw in New York. I was like, that was a funny t-shirt. Only users lose drugs.

We saw a great t-shirt recently in Bubbershoot that was, it had a sticker on it saying there are 24 hidden wolves on wolves, I guess, in this shirt. Can you find them all? And then it was just like a picture with like wolves embedded into the background. Was there any like funny jokes, like, you know, Jay Giles picture or something? Was there like a Peter Wolf reference or something?

Was there like, was there a human wolves or was it all wolves wolves? They were all just regular wolves. But you're right, that was an egregious oversight there not to put Peter Wolf on the t-shirt. All the only t-shirts I buy have Peter Wolf on them. That's the only person. What's going on with that Jay Giles band? They named the band after someone who's not even in it, right? I know.

You know, it goes to show that I was so, what would be the word, uncurious as a young person.

I didn't even care what they were called. Like, I didn't even know why they were called that. I just accepted it and listened to their music. Yeah, and all of their music too. Every single song.

I listened to it all the time. Yeah. I may know centerfold. I mean, I may know centerfold.

You've lived it. Your angel was a centerfold at one point. And then what was that? It was a freeze frame. Freeze frame. And then those are the only two they did.

You may remember Concealed Weapons after Peter Wolf left the group. They called themselves Concealed Weapons? No, it was still the Jay Giles band, but their single was Concealed Weapons. And if you'll remember the video, as I'm sure you will once I describe it, it was talking about women's boob areas were the Concealed Weapons. And the video was women with big chests going up behind gentlemen, sticking them into their backs and having the guys raise their arms like it was a stick up. I can't believe I don't remember this. That'd be the kind of thing I would jerk off to.

Just grab your jerk off style. That's a great segue. What do you got to put on?

Speaking of wolves, the other thing that I'm doing is I'm in book two of Game of Thrones, now Clash of Kings. Has anyone read that? I have not. I saw the HBO whole box office.

I'm looking at your engineers here. No? Neither one of you guys?

One of them looks like he'd be into it. See? Right? You only read one or you kind of read it? Oh, you can't talk. Yeah. I like how you don't let them talk.

I mean, there's a mic right there. He could grab it if he wanted to. Yeah.

But I think he's new. He's a little intimidated. Have you read any of it or watched any of the shows? No, I watched the show. Speaking of boobs too, there's some good boobs in that too.

Some great boobs and a little bit of downstairs action. There's some boobs in downstairs.

Not as much as Boardwalk Empire, the king of downstairs.

Is there a lot of Bush and Boardwalk Empire? I haven't watched it yet.

All from just one woman, pretty much. So if you like her vagina, then you'll love the show.

That's a good tagline. Why is that on the boasters?

If you like Cas de la Huerta's vagina, you'll love the show.

I took a chance. I took a chance that it was her.

Now, Amy, you and I have known each other a little while. I've been at your theater, the UCB theater in LA for the past, how long has it been open?

I feel like you were there the week. I feel like you've been there since we've started.

I think actually our show was the first show there.

Well, your show was certainly the show that helped us not kind of drift away. Your show was the cornerstone from the very beginning. Thank you so much.

The partnership of your show and our theater was very fortuitous for us, for sure.

Oh, that's so nice of you to say. You made me say it. You wrote it out, just handed it to me. You mispronounced one of the words, fortuitous. I think you said it right.

Really? Yeah. I think the way I said it was better.

Okay. But I, of course, have been aware of your work since I was working on Mr. Show.

I remember we got a tape of the original UCB pilot in there. I've always wanted to ask you about this, but it was in front of a live studio audience. Oh, my gosh. Yeah, I have the worst long-term memory, which is going to make this interview weird.

Because I'm talking about all the old shit. I know. But we first did a show in front of a live audience, and then we jiggered it to make it... Pardon me?

Rejiggered. We tried not to be niggardly in how we shot it, and we just rejiggered it.

All right, blogs, have at it. I used it correctly.

Yes, you were proper English. Thank you. But no, we did it, yeah, we shot it live first and then... We had some of the same sketches, I remember, from the pilot, because I remember we got it over the Mr. Show offices and we were like, oh, that's interesting. Oh, God, what a terrible thing to hear.

Oh, that's interesting. No, but I guess what I mean is that's interesting to see the translation into what it became, because in my opinion...

I was working on Mr. Show, which was shot in front of a live audience, and at the time, I think I felt like sketches were better in front of a live audience.

Mm-hmm. Yours was one of the first single camera sketch shows. Yeah, we felt the same way too, though. We really fought against it not being in front of an audience in a way, and then when we succumbed to it, I'd like to think... I think we eventually got there where we embraced that it wasn't, but it felt weird.

In our opinion, it made it a lot better. I was like, oh, I did not expect to like that so much more, but I can't remember the exact sketch, but it starred you. I feel like you were pregnant, but I can't remember. Fake pregnant.

Fake pregnant. Yes. Oh, God.

I hope. I feel like you got an abortion right after that show, but I just remember going, oh my God, that's the most marked improvement in a pilot I've really seen by taking such a bold chance like that. Oh, cool.

I've never told Matt about that. That's nice. Tell him. I'm sure he'd love to hear it.

No, thanks. No, okay. You got it.

I like to keep him right where he is. He doesn't need any more stroking.

Yeah, it was... That time was so hazy because we were so... I mean, we had such little power, but then total control, the weird combination of that.

In what way? Meaning that we were just young upstarts who were working for nothing and doing everything and trying to figure out what the show was going to be, but we also had total control because we were working at Comedy Central and they were leaving us alone, so it was this weird combination of being green and being in charge.

Green and in charge. Green and in charge.

That's my motto. I followed that rule. That's interesting that they left you alone so much because as we know... Well, they didn't care about us.

They hated this. Comedy Central won't even release their third season of DVD. I don't get it, but they used to send out Christmas card things, like, hey, here's our shows, and they would just leave us out. Wouldn't be on it?

They'd just forget. It was the worst. I think HBO did that to Mr. Show with its Emmy advertisements and stuff like that. Check out these shows. Check out these shows.

By no means should you ever check out Mr. Show. They actually said that in the actual ad.

That would be amazing if they said don't check these shows out and they sent out their worst shows.

Check anything but these. It's just Dream On. Wait a minute, was that on HBO? Oh, someone just brought up Dream On with Ben Ben. Dream On, and then what was the other one? Arliss.

Arliss. You know that we, during Mr. Show, when I say we, I mean Brian Fossain, tore a magazine advertisement of Arliss out of the magazine, put it in the toilet, took a shit on it, took a picture. And sent it to HBO?

No, did not send it to HBO. Just gave it to all of us as a gift.

Oh, those were the days. Those were the days.

Used to be able to shit on other shows, literally. Now you can't do that. You get sued.

The late 90s, I tell you. Great time. Great time for comedy.

It was. I mean, we were in New York. Let's see. We moved to New York in 96.

And like around 98, 90. I actually found this cool run through recently because I was going through some old stuff. Scrapbook that I really beautifully preserved that I filmed through every weekend. But it was an old run through of like an old, there used to be this open mic show called Luna Lounge, which is kind of, there's similar things happening today. But at the time it was like crazy lineup. It was, this was like 98, 99. It was like Ginny Graffalo, Sarah Silverman, Louis CK, John Benjamin, and Jog Glazer. Yeah. The state. Who else was in there? Mark Maron.

It was like this crazy group of people that were all doing these really smaller shows. So it was a nice time. Certainly nice time to be there. Yeah. I'm sure that I'm sure there are small shows out there with people who will be famous now, but we don't care about them because we're getting older and fuck them. Why should they try to take our jobs? Yeah. It's still need to work.

I have a lot of friends who need to work too. So get out of my way, youngster. So now Amy, you're doing Parks and Recreation, which premieres this week, I believe. Yes. This Thursday. Right.

And what's the time slot? It's Thursday at 9 30. Right behind a show I call The Office. That's right. It's called the show I call The Office. That's what it's called now. Steve made them call it that after he left. Yeah. A show that they call The Office. What have he insisted upon that?

That'd be amazing if his contract he insisted the show is called. It used to be called The Office.

Like it's not even about his character at all. It's not like Valerie's family or anything.

He's just upset that they still call it The Office. On another also known as The Office.

But that, by the way, I think that's such a great lead in for you guys, not to talk marketing or whatever. But I mean, like it was so great when you guys got that slot. It was so great. It was great. Our show's been like really, we've never really known longer than about six months what was going to happen to it. So this is the first time we've, you know, exhaled in a long time. So.

Were you waiting to before? I was on a beach with Angela Bassett. And.

Angela Bassett. Yeah. Thank you, Angela Bassett.

Like when are we going back to the bar? I want to say like Taye Diggs. I think Taye Diggs.

Sure. Why not? I hope it was.

Yeah. You should be in everything. Oh God.

That's for sure. You gotta get him on Parks and Rec.

He's so cute. I know him and his wife a little bit because they have a, we shared a baby nurse.

I was really waiting to hear where that sentence was going.

And a beautiful evening together. Yeah. Anyone who's in musicals like him isn't that bad in my opinion. He was in rent.

Yeah. I never saw that though. It kind of goes rent. You gotta pay it on time. Or else the landlord comes in and he goes, where's the rent?

Gonna evict ya. Takes six months. It's a great musical. You really gotta check it out.

Wow. That sounds amazing. I've, you know, I'd never heard that song. It just like over the years I've heard. Beautiful melody.

You've heard it in an elevator, certainly. Oh, sure.

That's amazing. I gotta check that out. Cause that's still true today. You gotta pay rent.

You have to. As true as today as it was in the late nineties.

But Parks and Rec, by the way, did you hear our Parks and Rec special, our tribute a couple of weeks ago with Adam Scott and Harris Whittles? Yes. That's what I heard. Yes. And Chelsea.

Yeah. And app tribute to your show, don't you think?

Yes. You really nailed it. You really got, you got us.

But Adam, you know, an old friend here of the show and always enjoy having him on.

How's it, how's it working with him? Oh, he's a dream. He's a real, he's a, he's a dreamboat. He's so funny and he's such a, as you know, he's just a funny, quick.

Yeah. Very dry. Very dry. Really quick. But, but like high, goofy capacity, which I always love and really smart and just a great actor. So, you know, he can really joke around really hard and then he'll just be like, hey, I missed you.

And I'll be like, you did? And he'll be like, no, I'm fucking acting. Jesus Christ.

Wait, those aren't even your lines. And you're like, oh my God.

And you're holding my hand and we're in the trailer.

He's such a good actor. So it was awesome to get him.

It's hard to like him for being so good at so many different things.

Yeah. And he's such a, he's so cute too. So handsome.

That's really the problem. I know.

In my opinion.

You know, he would tell you that he thought he thinks he's like, oh no.

No, no, no. Anytime I call him handsome, he agrees.

Yeah. It's awful.

He has no humility about it.

That's going to be amazing. He was like, thank you. I know.

So what's going on, on PNR this season? Can you give us a little bit of a...

Well, smoke, we still don't know who the smoke monster is and the hatch.

People are still in the hatch.

Of course.

And Sawyer is still with Locke, I think. I don't know.

Sawyer and Locke together?

They're still a gay couple, right? Is that how it ended?

I think so.

That'd be amazing.

That ended in church.

Lost just ended at a giant gay wedding between Locke and Sawyer.

That's almost how it did end, by the way.

I gave up on Lost like season four or something, but were you a big Lost fan?

I was a huge Lost fan. I like those guys who created it.

How do you feel about the big gay wedding that it ended with?

I actually thought it was a very emotional episode. Sarah Silverman, who was just in here, we were big fans and we would get the episode slightly before everyone else.

It's not satisfying.

Yeah. We would go over to her house and she loves it, loves it, loves it, and loved the ending.

I thought it was very emotional, but I was a little cold on the explanations of the island, where it was basically like, if you set up in the first season, hey, there's a magic island and we're going to tell you why it's magic. And then the final episode, they say, it's magic.

Right. That's why. It's magic because it's so magical.

Yeah. It's magic because there's a couple of weird magic-y dudes living there.

I don't mean to spoil this for you, by the way.

No.

There's a couple of weird magic-y dudes who have lived there since the dawn of time.

I auditioned for one of those dudes.

No, I hear what you're saying. There won't be any magic in Parks and Rec this year.

Really?

Maybe chemistry. Certainly sexual chemistry.

Yeah. Definitely you have to. Are you following up on the romance with Adam this year?

Yes. It's really actually a fun thing to play because Leslie Knope, the character that I play, has given a chance to run for office and she has to decide if she has to stop seeing her, ostensibly her boss, played by Adam. So she has to decide what they're going to do, if they're going to sneak around, if they're going to break up, if they're going to keep going.

And so it's kind of fun because it's a lot of- Conflict, which is great for an actor.

Yeah, for sure. And I know it sounds cheesy, but it's really fun coming from a sketch world to get to play a character that, it's fun to get to sit down with the writers and talk about long-term and talk about arc and get to have real moments. I love that the show isn't afraid of slow, quiet moments because you rarely get to play them.

Yeah. Did you go to acting school at all when you were younger?

No, I didn't. I just went to Chicago and did comedy stuff there.

Oh, that's good enough.

And I just- I always tell actors, if you're not going to go to school, just go to Chicago.

I just went to Chicago and I just worked at a pizza place. And I just rode the L and then I just, I got here somehow.

You're saying all the right things. But that must be thrilling to, yeah, actually get to play that kind of craft and scene work and stuff like that.

It is. It really is. And I don't tire of it because it's not been necessarily my journey for the past 15 years, so I'm really into it. And also it's very collaborative, which I really like.

A lot of collabos.

A lot of collabos. Oh my God. Every day.

Do you walk into the writer's room and just like, got any collabos today?

We collaborate on everything. What do I eat? Who do I marry? You know, everything. We're all in each other's bidness.

Or beeswax.

Or beeswax. We collabo in each other's beeswax.

So Harris Whittles has a say on...

Oh my God.

Isn't that interesting that the fate of your character is in Harris Whittles' hands?

Ostensibly. I know it's not just him.

No, every morning I call Harris and I'm like, what do I do? And he's like, he's like, first of all, breathe. That's what he tells me all the time. Just first of all, take a breath, breathe.

And that's the first time you do in the morning.

Okay. Can you spoil this decision? What do you decide on whether you pursue Adam or not?

Yeah, I'm going to spoil it.

Good. Can we get a scoop?

And this is a scoop.

Are you going to be like the scoop Nazi who say no scoop for us?

Oh my God. How is that not... That's a terrible idea.

It really is. I'm the king of terrible ideas.

Even... I want you to know that terrible means wonderful.

Yes, thank you.

I know you know that. Another bad soup Nazi idea would be, here'd be my other bad pitch on that idea, would be that you have Lars von Trier behind the counter of the soup Nazi. He's talking about his new movie. See, I told you, it's worse. At least yours has a little pun to it.

How would that go?

Do you want to abandon this?

The scoop is that Leslie does decide to run for office.

Oh good. All right. So what's going to be fun in the season is that there's going to be an election, which is really fun when it's low level politics, because people are kind of used to big presidential.

Yeah, I just watched the Adjustment Bureau, or as I called it, Fordower Town.

And that started with all those elections with Matt Damon doing the typical riding on floats through the city and shaking hands and all that kind of stuff.

Right. And this is going to be like just a lot of schlepping and like really no money and a lot of people in the race, all very different. And, you know, nobody really cares about your city council seat. So it's just kind of getting people- Have you ever voted on a city council seat?

I imagine I have, you know, like a way of like just pressing a button that votes for all Democrat.

I don't know, but I don't think I've- I wish that button existed.

I don't think I have to say it.

Then I would press the other one.

Motherfucker. Always do that.

Let's make some calls.

Yeah, but so I don't know if I have. I don't even know who my city councilman is.

Yeah, neither do I.

I don't know here because I live in New York City.

Great city in the world.

What, what?

All right, Amy, I think that's all the scoop that we have time for.

Okay. Oh my God, that was so much scoop. Scoop Nazi.

Why don't we take- why don't we listen to a song from the Bengals?

What do you think about that?

It would be a dream come true. I love the Bengals. I can't believe I'm here with them.

All right. Well, let's go to the Bengals who have been waiting patiently here.

You have a song that you're going to start with, I would assume?

Yeah.

I would assume that's what you're going to start with as a song.

You can assume that.

What do we have here? Is this- do you want to intro it at all or do you just want to launch into it?

This is sort of our ode to the workaday- workaday. The beginning of the work week.

I wonder what this could be.

All right, the Bengals' Comedy Bang Bang.

Okay. One, two, three, four.

Oh These are the days when you wish all that was already made It's just another manic Monday I don't have to run the day It's just another manic Monday Have to catch an early train Got to beat away by a nine If I had an airplane I still couldn't make it in time I wish it was Sunday That's my fun day I still couldn't make it in time Cause it takes me so long Just to figure out what I'm gonna wear Flame it on the train But the boss is already there It's just another manic Monday Oh Wish it was Sunday That's my fun day I don't have to run the day It's just another manic Monday All of my nights Lover hurts a big blast Not to come wrong Last night, last night Doesn't it matter If I have to beat the both of us Employments down He tells me in his bedroom voice Come on honey Let's go make some noise I can't resist Time it goes so fast When you're having fun Just another manic Monday I wish it was Sunday That's my fun day I don't have to run the day It's just another manic Monday I wish it was Sunday That's my fun day It's just another manic Monday It's just another manic Monday I wish it was Sunday That's my fun day It's just another manic Monday I wish it was Sunday That's my fun day It's just another manic Monday Let's not. Let's not.

Let me think for a minute.

Let me think here It's sort of an ode to the every man Egyptian I think I think his motive transportation Every Egyptian man Actually we realized later when I was watching the movie To Kill a Mockingbird Gregory Peck There's a scene where Scout and her brother They say, let's walk like an Egyptian.

Yeah, they're out in the yard walking like Egyptians.

And then they're doing it.

Really?

Yeah.

Isn't that what it's from?

Yeah, there's a literary reference.

There's a literary reference.

You guys are smart.

I know.

Except we didn't write it.

We didn't read that book, so.

But we were smart enough to record it.

Liam Sternberg is smart.

Yeah, he was smart.

There was a guy named Liam Sternberg who wrote the song.

He's the clever lad behind that one, yes.

All right, does that satisfy you, Amy?

No, it does not.

All right, we are here with Amy Poehler, of course, from Saturday Night Live.

And Parks and Recreation, which debuts fourth season.

Fourth season, right.

But the equivalent of three seasons.

We talked about that on our Parks and Recreation.

Yes, our first season was a mousse bouche for you Top Chef fans.

A small bite.

You're pointing at me angrily.

Wow, you take this seriously.

Yes, pay attention to me when I speak French.

Yeah, six episodes for the first one.

So it was like a little teeny tiny season.

So we are back with the fourth season and one of my favorite shows.

I'm really excited to see it.

I'm so glad it's coming back.

But now we must turn from talk of that to our next guest, who's here.

Let me introduce him.

You know him, of course, from all of his alternative comedy.

Please welcome David Fine is here.

Hello.

Hello, Scott.

Hello.

Hello, Amy.

Hello, David.

Hello.

Good to see you.

Good to see you, too.

Thank you so much for coming.

Thank you for having me.

This is a big deal for me.

You are an inspiration, of course, to comedians our age.

Very much.

Sure, of course.

Can I say that you're a little bit older than Amy and I?

Of course.

I'm 49, which is people say a little old to be in the alternative comedy scene.

But like I say to my kids, never too late to break.

Oh, that's nice.

That's nice.

What do your kids say back?

Well, it's over the phone.

So a lot of times it's muffled, but I'm sure it's encouraging.

Oh, really?

You're not with them?

No, no, no.

They're back home in the Bronx.

They must love that you're in the business.

They are so proud.

They think it's so fun.

And it's great.

If I have to go to a bringer show, I have two bringers.

That's nice.

So you just bring them up.

And but I do know.

Of course.

It's a great situation for you.

Yeah, it's great.

It's terrific.

David, describe your process.

How long have you been doing comedy?

Sure, sure.

Well, I got divorced about eight years ago.

And that spurned on me taking classes at the Four Citizens.

And where I really took off, and I had some really big shots in my classes back then.

Dana Glover, Zanzis on Zars.

They were all in my classes.

And of course, everyone talks about you there, of course.

I remember you, David.

Yeah.

David auditioned for a Harold team once.

An Allen team, yeah.

I auditioned for an Allen team.

Harold, yeah.

An Allen team.

Right.

And it was, you know what's great about you?

Persistence.

Yeah.

Yes, is the belief that hard work will get you somewhere.

Of course.

Well, I mean, it was a big deal to be on an Allen team back then.

I mean, an Allen team.

And I remember the four founders of the Four Citizens.

Of course, Judge Robert, Pat North, Marcus Babin, and Alan Poles.

Right.

Sure, you got them all right.

Yeah.

Check them all off there.

Yeah, well, I'm big on history.

I'm big on history, and I know my comedy pretty well.

Yeah.

David, can I ask you a question?

May I, Scott?

Oh, please.

This is an open forum.

Well, because I know that you used to take classes at the Upright Citizens Brigade.

You got in trouble once for, well, I don't know if I should bring this up.

It's OK.

I mean, we all have dark secrets from our past where we were young performers.

And we learned from them.

You used to hassle some of the younger girls, right?

Of course, of course.

Well, there's a certain, what are my favorite type of scenes?

Rape scenes.

Oh, gosh.

And you know, because there's a real, actors love to play against something.

And I find if I'm really.

It's a lot like that concealed weapons video I was talking about.

Sure, yeah.

Of course, of course.

Anyway, that was only a problem for a little bit of time.

Well, it was enough that I remember it.

I got red flagged, sure.

But it actually helped me, because I got to take the classes over and over again.

Yeah, I think we had to ask you to stop.

Of course, yeah.

And that's how you knew you were getting somewhere, you know?

Hit the stage until they tell you not to.

Huh.

I've never heard that one before.

Oh, please.

That's written all over the bathrooms, all over the city.

Hit the stage until they tell you not to.

Why is that in bathrooms all over the city?

Because bathrooms where there are stages.

Oh, OK.

No, this is all making sense to me.

Not just restaurant bathrooms.

Oh, OK, I get it.

Restaurants with a stage, maybe.

Did you ever meet Amy while you were performing?

We didn't meet, but we knew of.

Of course, knew of.

Oh, yeah, that's nice.

Thank you, well, bye.

Amy, were you teaching back then?

I was.

And David, did you go by another name at one point?

Sure, yeah, several stage names.

Yes, now it's all coming in.

Sure.

What did you know and ask?

I had a, gosh, I'm sorry, I don't remember his name, but I think it was like Derek.

Yeah?

Derek.

Derek Langella.

Derek Langella, right, Frank Langella's brother?

Brother.

You were saying you were Frank Langella's brother?

Yeah, well, you know, sometimes in showbiz, it's all about networking.

It's all about who you know.

And I came in not knowing anybody, so I thought, what do you do?

You tell people you know someone.

Right.

And I told them I knew him very well, enough to be his brother.

You knew him that much?

Yeah, I knew him enough to be his brother, Derek Langella.

Right, which when you say it fast, it's confusing.

So we all thought he was.

That's another showbiz rule.

Say it fast enough that they don't understand it.

That's written on every kitchen in the city.

Say it fast enough that you don't understand.

I've got to visit this city.

I remember seeing you, Amanda, at Tinkles, the open mic show.

It was Tinkles.

I remember Tinkle, the David Cross.

It wasn't really an open mic show.

No, but it was David Christmas was there, and Todd Balzy, and H. John Banji.

H. John Banji?

H. John Banji.

H. John Banji, right.

Yeah, they were doing it all together.

And I remember seeing you there and thinking, if she keeps at it, there's something there.

Oh, thank you.

You're welcome.

That's high praise from David Fine.

Well, that is true.

At the time, Langella, Derek Langella.

Yeah, you were Derek Langella at the time.

Is David Fine your real name, or I'm assuming the Langella is not?

David is my real name.

Fine is my ex-wife's name.

I took her name.

Good choice.

Well, for the stage, my name was a little confusing.

What was yours?

Cackle Vine.

Well, sure.

Cackle Vine.

Yeah, and no one, I mean, think about that.

Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage David Cackle Vine.

It doesn't.

It's kind of funny.

Yeah, I guess.

Think about it.

You'll be cackling.

It's too much.

It's on the nose.

It's, you know, and I'm a professional alternative comedian.

I mean, you guys should see my act.

My act is, it's totally improvisational.

Sometimes I get up there.

I don't even know what I'm going to say.

Sometimes I'll grab, yes, I don't know what's happening.

What do you do?

Now, there's a style where you kind of just talk about what you're thinking of in the moment, or what happened that day.

Sure, whatever's going on.

Sometimes I'll grab lines from other comedians' acts.

Sometimes I'll go up there, and I'll just be a whole comedian's act, top to bottom, tip to tails.

That doesn't sound exactly like what you should be doing there.

Well, whatever it is to get the audience to laugh.

Once you go up there with no script, your only job is to make sure that they're laughing.

Yeah, a lot of people have run into trouble with this recently, like Patton Oswald.

People have been stealing his acts.

Of course.

Sometimes I go up there, and I just do Patton's whole albums.

Really?

Yep.

And the audience goes crazy.

Sometimes I won't even do comedy.

I'll do some kind of alternative.

Sometimes I'll just smash a watermelon or something, see what happens.

See, now that, in my opinion, Amy, maybe you back me up on this, but that's Gallagher's whole entire act.

Yeah, I mean, I've seen that before.

Sure, I know Gallagher very well.

Really?

Are you close enough to be his brother?

Do you know Gallagher, too?

Enough to be his brother, yeah.

If you know Gallagher, when you know Gallagher, too?

Yeah.

Their package deal.

You never get one without the other.

That is written all over people's bedrooms in the city.

People's bedrooms in the city, yeah.

Of course, I rented a studio apartment that every wall had a different saying.

Really?

David, can I ask Dave's question?

Please, please.

So you do all different kinds of comedy?

Everything.

Right, right.

Everything, prop.

Oh, and are you playing it?

You just listed one, by the way.

I want to point that out.

Well, what other kind is there?

I mean, there's comedy and there's prop.

Have you done any TV or film, maybe, that you should keep an eye out for?

Sure, of course, sure.

Well, I was on this very big show.

I think you had a part in it.

I was on Mr. Showbiz for a long time.

I worked on that show.

I don't remember ever meeting you there.

I remember you.

You remember?

Really?

In what way?

Well, I remember I was coming out of the hall with Paul F. Toolkind.

And I was saying to him, this is an incredible experience for someone like me to be on Mr. Showbiz.

You know, what am I doing here?

I have no business being here.

Yeah, exactly.

And I was nervous, so I was looking for a saying.

I mean, there's certainly no business in the title of Mr. Showbiz.

None.

It's just Mr. Showbiz.

And I was looking for something to inspire me before I went out there.

And Paul F. Toolkind introduced me to you, Albie Ackerman.

I don't remember that.

That was your hip hop name, right?

Albie Ackerman.

L-B?

L-B, yeah, yeah.

Little Brain.

Yeah, I had an MRI right before the rest of my career.

You had an MRI, and then the doctor said, you know what?

The results are enough to be named by it.

That's interesting.

That's actually not it.

You might want to write that down, David.

I mean, that's kind of half of it.

I don't write anything down.

Yeah.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

How do you remember other people's acts, then?

I write those down.

You're kind of breaking your own rule there.

Well, if I didn't write it, I can write it down.

You know how that goes?

If I didn't think of it, then it can go on paper.

If I did think of it, let it out.

And if it loves you, it'll come back to you.

So do you have anything in the hopper that you're working on now?

Sure, yeah.

I got a lot of stuff.

Right now, I'm working on some screenplays for movies.

I'm trying to get something in the hands of a one Billy Crystal.

Oh, a one Billy Crystal?

A one Billy Crystal.

OK.

How hard must that be?

It's extremely difficult.

How do you get it into his hands?

You can't go through representatives.

That's the one piece of advice I would give to you.

Well, anyone who's made a success out of themselves has never gone through the proper channels.

No, no, no.

You've got to do something splashy to make it.

You've just got to go up and hand your script to someone and just hang around until they ask you to leave.

Just ride the L and work at a pizza place.

Yeah, exactly.

Just go to Chicago.

Actually, Chicago is a terrible town.

Oh, no, it's a great city.

Terrible town.

I have trouble in Chicago.

Why?

What happened to you in Chicago?

The audiences, they don't get me.

They don't understand what I'm doing.

It's a real comedy town, though.

It seems like they would understand comedy.

No, I don't think so.

I think that's just a big.

Misnomer?

Myth?

No, none of that, no.

A big falsehood.

Yeah, that's what he's saying.

Those mean the same things.

Sure, of course.

I don't know.

Anyway, I was there one time doing a show at the Food Shore Theater with Bennett Miller and Kamali.

And I don't know.

I just felt like I went up there and I did my act.

And they didn't respond.

Well, you can't blame a whole city just because one audience not responding.

Well, you can't, but I find it easy to.

I just actually got a text, Scott, from him.

While David was, AKA Derek, was talking about his comedy, I texted some people at UCB to see if they had remembered him.

Great.

Uh-oh, here we go.

Well, it says that you never paid for your classes.

I was an intern at the theater.

I had an intern program.

I don't think just hanging around in the lobby is an internship.

Well, I would write stuff on the walls, inspiration for other people at all times.

I'm wondering who's writing all these in these walls.

It seems like the culprit is you.

If you would go to the Four Citizens Theater in New York right now and you would go to the bathroom, you would see just up and down the walls, just beautiful sayings, inspirational things.

I've been there and I've just noticed a bunch of schizophrenic little tiny writing and threats.

Well, don't read them like a novel.

You've got to pick one and take it.

No, we know how to read a saying, David.

We know how it goes.

Well, I mean, I don't think Albie does.

You know, he's talking to me like he's reading it all as if it's a short story.

It's not a short story.

OK, I don't know.

Well, either way, we've gotten really far from the fact that you didn't pay for your classes.

Yeah, and you're sort of like the, uh.

Yeah, and look, we don't want to be jerks.

We're not comedy club owners.

And we're not here to tell people they didn't pay.

But Amy, I know that if you don't pay for your classes in UCB, you're sort of like in collections there.

So if you don't pay, you may get a call from Amy Poehler.

Yeah, I am in charge of collecti- a long time ago, we all drew straws.

And I'm still in charge of collecting the money that I remember that.

You're in charge of almost everything there, I've noticed.

Yeah, I'm in charge of- I got really boned.

I clean the bathrooms.

I collect the money people didn't pay for.

And I- You do payroll, too.

Like, I talk to the weirdos.

That's one of my jobs.

You're really good at that.

Thanks.

Never talked to me, though.

Guess I wasn't in that category.

No, you know, you were in a different category, David.

You're in a- Oh, God.

How would you categorize David's comedy?

The accelerated program.

Yeah.

Accelerated to being disturbing?

Accelerated to being- Disturbing is something I'm going for.

Oh.

You know, alternative comedians, we don't just go for the punchline.

Okay.

You know what I mean?

We don't just go for the laughs, the ha-has.

We go for, you know, whatever kind of inspires or elicits a reaction from the audience.

Can I hear a little bit of your act?

Do you mind, do you have anything in the hopper?

Anything on deck?

Sure.

I mean, usually it's just, you know, whatever comes to mind.

Should we give you a topic?

Yeah, sure.

You want a riff?

Like, for example, boy, I was in a little bit of traffic today.

Oh, God, traffic is the worst.

You know what the worst part of traffic was?

I was in New York right around 9-11.

And do you know how you tell how bad a person you are?

It's how soon you masturbate after 9-11.

That's a Louis C.K.

Now, it is a Louis C.K. joke.

It is a Louis C.K. joke, but that's what came to mind, you know what I mean?

I guess that's like improv.

Is that a style that you teach, Amy?

It's not.

Yes, it is.

It's not.

Yes, it is.

There was a workshop.

I took a workshop during the Mel Blos marathon, and it was with Alana.

It was with Alana, and Alana came in.

This is a true story, a long time ago.

Alana comes in, and she's red hot.

She comes in guns blazing.

That does sound like me.

And she's smoking a black and tan, and she says to the room, she says, how many of you here think you're going to be professional improvisers?

Do you remember this, Alana?

I do.

And I raised my hand, right, and she takes one look at me, and she says, you, right there, you're the only one.

I don't remember that part.

That part I made up, but the rest of it is totally 100% true, even the black and tan.

I used to do a thing.

That was a big thing, big thing.

And everybody was so excited.

They were all in town for Mel's, you know, it's the day that Mel passed on, and everyone was there to celebrate and do shows for nine days straight.

It's a big deal.

Three.

Yeah, it is a big deal.

It's a huge deal.

You seem to not have gotten one fact correct since you've sat down.

I just want to tell you that right now, not even one.

First of all, facts are irrelevant.

Facts are merely suggestions.

Life is not about facts, you know what I mean?

It's about the experiences you take from it.

Yeah.

On our deathbeds, will we remember Amy Poehler's name?

No.

Probably not.

No, but we'll remember.

The feeling that she gave us.

We'll remember her jokes.

Yeah, we'll remember her jokes and I'll be using them.

Yeah, and I'll be using them in my act, God willing, if I'm still alive.

All right, David, well, we have to take a break.

Thank you so much.

Can you stick around for the rest of the show?

I would love to have a gig later.

I'm doing What the Hell podcast, but I'd love to stick around.

Oh, he does a lot of different podcasts then.

Good for him.

Well, you've got a beautiful radio voice.

I know, sultry.

All right, let's go back to the bangles.

Let's hear another song.

Do you want to set this one up at all?

No.

OK, great.

Surprise.

It'll be a surprise.

Surprise?

New one, old one?

Old one, older than we are.

Really?

Oh, boy.

Actually, that's old.

And we used to play this one right on the Sunset Strip when we played all the clubs on the Sunset Strip.

Rodney Bingenheimer.

Yeah, all of them.

Rodney was there.

And this was one of our, you know, it's been in our set since then.

82 or something.

82, something like that.

I'm excited.

All right, well, let's hear another one.

This is the bangles on Comedy Bang Bang.

One, two, three, four.

Time, time, time, see what's become of me While I looked around for my possibilities I was so hard to please Look around, please look around And the sky is a hazy shade of winter Hear the sound, mission army fan Down by the riverside It's bound to be a better ride Than what you've got planned Carry a cup in your hand Look around, please look around And the sky is a hazy shade of winter Hang on to your hopes, my friend That's an easy thing to say But if you're out to pass away Simply pretend that you can live them again Look around, stress is high Seeds are ripe, it's the springtime of my life Oh, season change with the scenery Weaving time in a tapestry Won't you stop and remember me At any convenient time Funny how my memory skips while looking over Manuscripts of unpopular strife Drinking my vodka and lime Look around, leaves are brown And the sky is a hazy shade of winter Look around, leaves are brown There's a patch of snow on the ground Look around, leaves are brown There's a patch of snow on the ground Look around, leaves are brown There's a patch of snow on the ground Turn my headphones up Turn my headphones up Turn my headphones down My name's Scotty D and I am no fool So it's time to tell you you gotta go back to school And when I say I'm not a fool, it means I'm not a fooler And that means that you gotta go buy a ruler Protractor, that's a fact You gotta buy some supplies And if you do, then you go to school And it makes you really wise And then you sit and know you don't gotta listen to someone called a preacher It's a teacher, so when you sit there Then each of you is gonna have to listen to all the things like math and science And also a little thing that we like to call math science And so when you sit there and you sit there on your butts I hope that school don't drive you nuts Amy Well I'm home schooled now from my mom and dad's And I like it so much and it makes me glad Cause they teach me things like arithmetic And how to make bacon in the sink And I like to go in the car and drive real far and drive real far My mom and my dad's are my teachers cause And I know that the sun is made out of cheese And the moon is made of a giant big ball of yarn That goes down and then goes up in the morning And everybody causes an alarm and they say Hey ho, jump off the roof, hey ho, jump off the roof Into the pool and get paralyzed But don't forget to open your eyes And check out the sun and the ball of yarn makes up the moon And where are you going? Where are you going?

Where are you going?

Alright David My name is David Fine, everything is fine I use a ruler to draw a line One time I went to school and I fell down the stairs They said David get up and I said where's where?

I don't know how to go from hole A to hole B to hole C to hole D to hole A I've gone in a circle in one hallway Where do I go now? The infirmary I've got strep throat, I've got chicken pox I've got liver cancer, that's a big deal Alright, good rap battle Wow, David has a talent that we found Maybe you should get into this instead I've tried it, you know I tried it I went on the road Don't go on the road doing freestyle rap battles I was opening for Dana Glover's and Childish Bambino's Oh my god, god I loved them That was stressful Such a humble young man That was stressful for you? I don't mean to stress you out No, it was great, it was exhilarating But to be sandwiched between two fine rap artists like you two I think you are giving me a little more credit than I deserve I'll take it If I remember one word it's a successful rap, right?

And you did say protractor I just said protractor, the only thing I could think of And then I panicked You also rhymed math with math science Which was quite skillful Alright guys, it is time for one of our favorite features here on the show It is time for a little something that we like to call Would You Rather Okay Would You Rather I gotta shut up The theme's not done Oh okay, it's still going?

Yeah, shut the fuck up Would You Rather It's still not over Nope, nope, it's still not done Alright guys, we all know how this is played People send in Would You Rather scenarios to my Twitter account, CBBYR And I will ask them of our panel I will then open the floor for questions You can ask me any question about either scenario in order to narrow down your choice And then I will close the floor And we will vote And we will tally up the points, and that's pretty simple Alright So I'm gonna do a little softball here at the top Because I was going through our submissions recently And I saw this one and I thought it would appeal to Amy So this is just a little bit of a softball Will Gillum asks Would you rather have to paint Roblo's nails every day Or eat a corn dog without the stick?

I will open the floor for questions And now, Will did not know that you were going to be a guest Just threw that out there So I saw it and thought I'd make that the first question Funny specific Corn dog without a stick feels like it would be easy to do It feels like it, but you gotta ask questions to try to figure out if it actually is easy or not Because there's all sorts of information I have not included in the question I see Okay Let me ask you a question, please Please do Where is the corn dog gonna be located?

The corn dog is located at the bottom of the sewer But it's a clean sewer It's in one of those eco-green What did we say earlier? I'm trying to remember the callback to green Oh yeah, green and in charge It's in one of those green and in charge cities But there's still a little bit of sewage down there But however, it is not touching any of the sewage It's on a crystal podium And it has been placed there and nothing drips on it There's a force field around it And so it is very clean But I'd have to be lowered into a sewer Oh yes, you'd have to be lowered by 13 people In a specific harness made just for you That sounds nice It's very comfortable I don't mind small spaces I'm a small person And I always felt like I would be good at going in tunnels Or living in a cave So that doesn't scare me You've always felt that way I've always felt like that was a hidden talent You know, remember those people that used to like fold themselves up in boxes Like on That's Incredible, that show?

I felt like I could do that if I was only flexible And you've never tried it You've just felt like you could do it I feel like I could It's like the same thing with a piano I feel like I can play it I just haven't tried That's how I feel about comedy Yeah I dream about trumpet playing a lot I feel like if I ever picked up a trumpet, I could do it Because I dream about it all the time You probably can Yeah, probably. Why not?

It's an interesting dream I love hearing about people's dreams Can I ask about Rob Lowe's nails?

Yes, please ask about Rob Lowe's nails What nails are they? Fingernails, toenails?

It's every other toenail Every day?

Every day, yeah But every other?

So you're only doing...

You're only doing five You're only doing five Yeah, so hopefully that helps out a little bit Well, you know what? I'm going to pick Rob Lowe's Oh, please don't vote I'm afraid I'm going to have to dock you points here There's no early voting That's Amy minus 1,326,412 points I'm playing for charity, so...

Oh, okay. Who are you playing for, by the way?

For Mothers Against Children Really? Mac?

I belong to Mac and Me Which is just Mothers Against Children and Me Yeah, which my mother belonged to She started Mac is getting sued actually by Mac Because they used their logo and everything But they're really, they're an amazing organization And they really, they just try to stop children And it's made up of mothers Are you going to start iMac?

i, mother, against children David, do you have any questions about either of these scenarios?

Yes, the corn dog No, I'm a diabetic I want to get that out on the table right now How are you feeling?

You seem like a bummer to be around, I have to say It depends on who I'm with That's the truth about that You've been drinking like a quart of half and half Yeah This entire interview Well, I don't like coffee, but I love its accoutrements I, I, now here's, so now let's go back to this corn dog I am a diabetic now Is it wrapped in corn meal?

And now is there sugar in that corn meal?

Or is it like a polenta?

Oh my god, I think that's the least of your worries, right?

You have your questions, I have mine Okay, I'm sorry For you, it is, it is wrapped in a polenta Okay, now when I get down into the sewer Can I have a marker to write on the walls down there?

Just inspirational sayings and stuff for other people that follow For, for your disciples, in other words?

In case someone wants to go down there for inspiration Oh, no one, okay You can, yes, you can have one marker No one will go, you say no one will go down there now But what if you choose the corn dog after me?

And then you're the one after, then you go down there And then there's, well you think to yourself What am I going to say when I come back up?

And then you're in a scary tunnel with, much like Lost Yeah, and you've abandoned it after season four Yeah Alright, I'm closing the floor for questions And now it's time to vote Amy, you voted early, but maybe you'd like to change your Your mind once you heard the polenta aspect No, I'm going to stick with Rob Lowe's toenails Rob Lowe's toenails, and why is that?

And the Bangles know what I'm talking about, right?

Yeah, Bangles I bet you got some Rob Lowe stories, girls Why is that? Why would you, he's a lovely gentleman Because he's a lovely gentleman I bet he keeps his toenails very nice And, you know, I kind of see him almost every day anyway So it wouldn't be, and if I had to go to his house and do it It'd be like in beautiful Santa Barbara, you know, take a dip What's his address there?

It's 1441 Montevista Lane Hold on, slower, go a little slower 1441 Montevista Lane No, is that Montevista or Montavista?

He doesn't have a whole street named after him He seems like the kind of guy who's like, he's an overachiever Well, it's in Youngblood Canyon Okay Right near Right near Youngguns Canyon Right near Youngguns Yeah, Youngguns and Youngblood are next to each other Youngbloods Canyon Is there an area code or anything?

David, please David, how do you like to vote?

Now, keeping in mind that if you can make up Amy's in the hole 1,326,412 points So if you can make that up with your vote I would, I'd like to, I'd paint Bob Toe's toes Bob Toe's toes? Okay And why?

Bob Toe, who is Bob Toe?

Bob Toe, you work with him every day Rob Lowe, sir Bob Toe, ma'am Why would you paint his toes instead of going down to get this wonderful Polenta wrapped corn dog?

Like I said, I'm a diabetic and I don't trust Polenta I once had a horrible experience with it Because some people don't let you know exactly what's in there And trans fat and stuff like that, it's a real downer for me Okay You know, may I point out this Polenta experience and also the bad audience experience in Chicago David tends to blame other people when things don't go wrong Instead of taking full responsibility for his own actions Says the person who's ruining this interview All right, well, let me tally up the points We have both of the votes You both voted for Bob Toe And that means it's a wash And Amy, because you voted early You get one point for your correct answer David, you get one point for your correct answer Terrific, very nice We're currently at, David has one point And Amy has one, negative 1,326,411 Very nice You're just drawing circles on the wall You're not making any sense Sure, I took his marker I like that back So we have one more question And you can make up for all of it Because this question is worth 1,326,413 points So Amy, that would put you at two If you guessed this correctly All right, here we go I need to get this DJ, unused DJ names My specialty AKA, by the way, he has an AKA name DJ Johnny Cockring Like that's where it's like his real name His Twitter handle is DJ unused DJ names His AKA is DJ Johnny Cockring He asks, would you rather yell white power Anytime you exit a vehicle Or always cut through a yard of eight feet high grass To leave a building Oh, excellent question Come on, I'm opening the floor for questions now You can ask me anything about it Sure To narrow down your choice Okay, so every time I leave a building I have to cut through eight foot tall grass Or every time I exited a car I'd have to say white power A vehicle A vehicle Not just cars, buses, yeah, anything Planes So no one could drive you to something No, and I love to go to real late night underground I know that about you Afrobeat That was going to be part of the interview, by the way But I found like we didn't have enough time for it I know I wanted to taunt you a little bit I used to be in an Afrobeat scene I used to be in that scene Really?

Big time I was in that scene Really?

Bo Stel was in that scene Tareb Quoley Oh, yeah All of those guys Method Woman All right, any questions about either of these scenarios?

Well, yeah, but every time you leave the house I don't leave the house as much as I leave a car Well, it's any building, not just a house, any building Jesus Yeah, so do you have several I would imagine you have cabanas on your property Yeah, I mean, I haven't touched the actual ground in like two or three years I have tunnels that lead me to set and then to my favorite stores Well, I always knew you would be great in tunnels and caves So that doesn't surprise me I'm going to say Don't vote, by the way That's going to put you in that hole again You're right So just ask questions at this point We're going to vote Could you say white power in a funny way?

Like, could you say it like Ironically Yeah, like white power Yes, you can You are allowed to put a question mark at the end of it Instead of an exclamation point And people around you can say, of course not Oh, that's good That's helpful Is that helpful to you?

Also, the other people near you can help you with what they say too You can have a little entourage around you Of course not Thank you, Amy Of course not I agree Yeah David, any questions here?

Well, I guess my question would be Does it complicate things if I already say white power whenever I leave a vehicle?

Yeah, because it's the double white power, which gets itself out But are you saying that for me, when I get out of a vehicle, I have to say white power, white power?

No, I'm saying that you take away saying white power So that might be a problem for you Oh, yeah You wouldn't get to say white power Well, then that's difficult I like to let everyone know Here's a question about the other side, the Blades of Grass Blades of Grass, yeah Great movie, by the way, Amy, I was in Love Blades of Grass Beautiful Terrific, terrific movie I starred for my husband in that movie Oh, I know your husband, Dick Barnett That's right Dick Barnett, the famous rugby player Very funny man He created a lot of game shows, I remember Dick Barnett, oh God, what did he do?

Password and Queen for a Day, all that stuff $100 million triangle That's right So what were you going to ask about the Blades of Grass?

Well, my question about Blades of Grass was Blades of Glass now?

My question is about Blades of Glass Are they sharp? Are they tall?

Or is it like fun glass like Honey, I Shrunk the Children?

You mean comical Blades of Grass?

Comically large?

Yeah, can I make it fashion into a slide or something?

Is it fun?

Is it like a water slide, like a little dew in the morning?

Sure, is it a real albatross to walk outside of a building every time?

No, it's definitely fun It's really, really super fun to do But unfortunately, you have to cut it down each time You have a machete Much like Danny Trejo Terrific movie I met my husband on that movie That's right, you did, Danny Trejo, you're married I always forget you're married to Danny Trejo That's right, at the end of Lost we had a big gay wedding God, I love it, your wedding was beautiful Thank you so much for coming The empanadas were off the hook Thank you for being the only one to come Thank you for being the only person you invited And I didn't marry Danny Trejo And it was just a weird, creepy, small room We were in a bedroom, we ate empanadas and watched machete Alright, I think I'm going to close the floor for questions How do you like to vote, Amy?

I'm going to vote for White Power And it's not the first time Why is that?

What was the preponderance of...

Because I think if I say it in a funny way It will give me some time It will buy me a little time before I'm killed Sure And if you're ever put in jail for any reason at all It might come in handy Yeah, and a lot of people don't know that If you say things like that In a really sarcastic way It doesn't matter who you are People just think it's hilarious Sure, there's honesty in comedy I read that book David, how do you like to vote?

I'm going to vote White Power as well Really, why is that?

It just seems the most fun and easy Okay, well, unfortunately I'm going to tally up the points here Voting on White Power was the right answer for Amy And the incorrect answer for you, David So Amy, you have received 1,326,413 points Which put you at 2 Which means you win the game, Amy Congratulations Thank you, Mothers Against Children will be very happy And that is, of course, how we play The game known as Would You Rather That was fun Alan, do you have a Shut up Can I get validation?

We'll do that after the show If you could just, please Have a little, just a modicum Of fucking respect For the word you rather feel I'm in the process of passing A kidney stone and I could use a restroom Afraid not today I'm in the process of passing A kidney stone and I could use a restroom Afraid not today Afraid not today Afraid not today It just seems like Please, Amy I don't think I've ever had a guest So rude as you I'm sorry Okay, we can talk now Hi, that's how you play Would You Rather Can you imagine if you could play the trumpet on that How amazing that would be Tell me more about your dreams I really do not feel comfortable Tell me about your dreams I used to be a dream therapist to the stars To the stars?

Which stars did you Listen to their dreams of?

Langella? Was he around?

Is that how you got to know him so well?

Barry Langella You don't even remember your own You don't even remember your own fake brother's name There's a lot of animosity coming from this side of the It's the only side that anyone is on There's a lot of animosity coming from this side of the Ottoman And it's coming at me very hard You know why? Because you didn't pay Any money for classes And frankly, the milk The heavy cream that you're drinking is making me A little sick And you're really cocky about something that you don't know about You keep getting everybody's name wrong And you're a little handsy You were handsy when I came in And you continue to keep bumping into me I like to get to know people physically We know Can I tell you something?

I felt, since I've walked in I felt you pegged me right away You said this guy hasn't paid for classes And there's been a little bit of stuff about it all the way She is really good at that by the way You're able to discern who has paid for classes And who has not And she knew it right away It's like you pulled up the database in your head And you said this guy's red flag You knew all about my history Frankly, I think you're following me Lady How do you know so much about me?

Good name I did book you a long time ago And then Amy called me up early this morning And said, hey, do you mind if I jump on?

And I was like, jump on The bangles are here, that's why I wanted to jump on Sure, it's all about the bangles, right?

I think you're a fan And you know what?

I'm never wrong That is a dubious claim I've never been wrong once in my life And I think you're a fan Would you like me to sign something?

I'd like you to sign this check that I wrote out Sure, I'll sign this restraining order I'll sign this 9-11 All my checks, I sign 9-11 All right, guys We're closing the show up I hate to leave it I hate to go to bed angry We're all going to sleep right after this, right?

Yeah, we're all immediately going to sleep We're going to eat our Thanksgiving dinner What happens after every one of your podcasts?

A lot of people don't know how the bread is made I talk about how the bread is made But it's actually the turkey Because we've been cooking one I wish people could smell what it smells like And here's the most wonderful smell It's how I trick people into trying to buy the studio Because they walk in, they smell that meal And they go, I want to live here So you're actually a broker for this place as well You bring people in, you say this is Of course, it's my side gig I drew the short straw Well, who here doesn't sell apartments on the side?

In this economy?

Name one person in comedy That doesn't also sell apartments on the side Danny Lovitz Johnny's brother I don't know if they're brothers, but they might know each other very well Alright guys, it's time for the very last thing It's our most popular feature, it's called Plugs Plugs Alright Wow, who made that plug?

That is, today we have Jason Greene made that, and that is called This is not a rebel song, it's a plugs theme And if you have a plugs theme For the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs section Please go to earwolf.com To our message boards and leave it in the appropriate thread That was a really good one Never underestimate what a nerd can do Alright, so let's go around the horn And plug it up, you know what I'm saying?

Plugs Yes Okay, so my show's coming on Parks and Recreation On Thursdays at 9.30, all through the falls Premiering September 22nd Just the fall, or are we talking spring as well?

We're looking fall into spring What about winter?

Why overlook that?

And then winter as well, and then hopefully a little half of the summer An Indian summer And then, be quiet David, and then also We're gonna be at Gonna be in Las Vegas Doing a Small, it's a real intimate one woman show At Caesars Palace For a hundred Days in a row And the tickets are a thousand dollars But it's gonna be just a real super small tiny I know that theater, it seems like it's thousands of We're shrinking the theater down We're just making it really small, just like tiny black box Like Honey, I Shrunk the Yeah, where Bella Poundstone played That's right That's fantastic, and what's the subject matter of the show?

Quiet ideas and thoughts That I had when I was little A lot about going into caves A lot of whispering in my shirt And my hands A lot of meekness And there's a lot of like, I'm shy And then a lot of like, get out of here I'm really make the audience Urge me to do the show That's great as a performer to feel that I'm out of here, I'm scared, I don't want to do it And they have to go, no, do it, come back And then they go, I can't hear you And I go, I'm scared No, we love you And then they clap and yeah Oh, I feel so good Love when people can't hear me You can't replicate that in a single camera show No, it has to be live And in Las Vegas And it has to be a hundred shows a thousand That's the only way to do a show like that That's the only way David, what do you have to plug?

Yeah, I'm going to be doing A set at Melted Down Comics And then I'm going to be at What's the Downbeat Tiger Jam Doing another set And then Just one at each of those places?

I just do one set at those places and then I leave Then you move on You're like a traveling salesman in that way Aren't all comedians traveling salesmen?

Not really, no You're like a piece of our soul I wouldn't explain it like that Not on the lease Well, you say Tomato and I say tomato No, that doesn't happen either Okay, and then You know, I have A show that People should watch on ABC called Happy Ending Oh, I've heard of the show, a lot of people I really like Very funny, very nice, it's got a great cast Casey Wilson is on that show, that's not a different network from you Amy But yet you still are co-signing it Yeah, I am still co-signing She signs off on it Yeah, I have some money invested in it Very much, on the back end Another one of your side gigs I like to go around and say, hey, 10,000, 20,000 Different shows, and that's how I bet Yeah, sure, and you're hedging You're hedging quite a bit I remember that guy who bet on Seinfeld Oh, dude, he's a Millionaire I got a ton of money He bet a million, of course I got a ton of money on Pan Am this year And I think it's gonna work out Oh, it's gonna be a big hit, you seen those costumes?
