In 1991, his album, Girlfriend came out.

20 years later, he's appearing on our program and doing music alllllllllllllll show.

That's right, Matthew Sweet is here.

I'll show as well as bros, Todd Berry and bro and kind, Nick Thune, we're gonna be bro'in' out!

more on today's!

Once I gave How I Met Your Mother a chance, it's actually a pretty good show!

Hello, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang!

That, of course, once I gave How I Met Your Mother a chance, it's actually a pretty good show.

That is a catchphrase submission from one of our listeners.

If you have a catchphrase submission, feel free to post it at airwolf.com under the appropriate message board thread.

Hello, welcome!

This is another edition of Comedy Bang Bang!

I am, of course, the world-famous Skottabot.

Welcome to the show!

Tell you what, this show, we're just going to be, I know we had a show a three weeks ago or so where we were bro-ing out, this is bro-ing out the sequel, bro-ing out part due.

How did part one do?

Part one did very well for us.

Thank you, Nick.

That, by the way, I'm going to introduce everyone here in just a second.

What's the budget like for part two, just so I know before we start?

We got a 10% bump.

Nice.

Yeah, not bad.

Let me just set the scene here.

We're going to, I have three bros here in front of me, and we're just going to talk about bro stuff all hour, and we're just going to talk about things that are important to us, things that are on our minds, and it's going to be a fantastic show.

So let me tell you the three bros that I decided to have in the studio today.

First of all, to my left, you know his comedy.

He is drier than a dryer sheet.

As far as this Barry goes, the darker his comedy is, the sweeter the juice.

Please welcome Todd Barry.

Todd Barry.

Thank you.

B-A-R-R-Y now.

You're looking it up.

To his left, he's on Free Agents this year, is that correct, or a different show?

I'm doing one episode.

You're doing one episode?

How'd you even know about that?

Someone told me.

He's doing one episode of Free Agents.

I saw him in a movie that never came out, that I was going to rewrite, that I never rewrote.

The movie came out.

It did come out?

Spring Breakdown?

Yeah.

All right.

It's all over the TV.

Of course, you know him as the king of quizzical quips.

Nick Thune is here in the room.

Thank you.

Wow.

Not a lot of... Oh, okay.

You started it.

I started it.

I always start.

I do that at every show.

Of course, to my right and to Nick's left, we have a very special treat here on the show.

This is his second appearance on the show, and he'll be doing music during the entire show.

His album, Modern Art, comes out this week.

You can see him and I tomorrow when we go see a matinee of Bucky Larson together.

Lay down the- What time?

To something.

Do you want to come?

I was just telling someone yesterday, I was going to go see a matinee of it tomorrow.

Yeah, I want to go.

Yeah, yeah.

You want to go to Universal City.

You probably would have come to ours because that's all there is, is the one, two, 225.

Of course, you know him as the potentate of power pop.

Please welcome Matthew Sweet is here.

Oh, yeah.

We didn't finish with that.

Oh.

You're too kind.

Nick, you started that one too.

Nice.

You're an applause starter.

Yep.

What do you think about that, Todd?

It's refreshing, you know?

Yeah.

You ever have to start your own applause?

I started, I ended.

Sometimes he starts chants with his name.

I say, get up on your feet.

Now guys, have any of you ever met each other?

I've met Nick, I've never met Matthew.

Okay.

I believe I've met all of you.

I've never met Matthew.

I've only met Scott.

Okay, good.

That takes care of everyone's relationships.

So imagine that while you're listening to the following hour, just how we're all getting to know each other.

You know, the purpose of this show today is just to bro out, just to talk about things that bros talk about, you know what I mean?

So Todd, let me ask you, what are you doing here in town?

You're not in LA usually, you're one of New York's finest comedians.

You're on the TV show, Louie, which is a New York based production.

What is happening here to bring you to the sunny shores of Los Angeles?

I did some headlining shows at the Improv with some, on Mulrose.

You still find it necessary to say headlining shows.

Well, you know why I say that?

I will say that.

Well, it's not being cocky, it's just there's so many shows that aren't headlining shows.

So when you do it in LA anyway, so when you headline, it's a huge deal for everyone in the city.

Yeah.

How much time do you do when you headline?

I do 45 ish or an hour, depending on whether I'm going to do 45 or no.

You're one of my favorite comedians to see a long set of because you, yes, you really take the audience on a journey.

You start in one place, you end up in another and in between there, you go all sorts of different places.

I do.

It's quite a...

You never know what's going to happen.

And they get out of their seats.

They do.

After you tell them quickly as they can.

Nick, I wanted to ask you a question.

Last I talked to you, you were telling me a really funny story about your neighbor.

I just have a terrible neighbor.

What was the deal with him?

He's always yelling at people.

He's yelling...

I got to be careful too.

I can't say his name because he knows comedians.

It actually got back to him that I had recorded him in this argument through a comedian friend because there used to be a comedian that used to live in his basement basically in this house.

Wait a minute.

Let's all back up.

Okay.

You recorded him in an argument and he has a comedian living in the basement of his house.

He used to.

I showed that other comedian and then somehow they told a mutual friend and it got back to Brad...

That could be anything.

It could be Brangelina.

Brangelina.

Might not be Brad.

But he thinks he's Hunter S. Thompson.

He has guns in his house.

He just had a baby.

He has a pig in his backyard, two roosters.

Sounds like a guy you want to piss off.

Two sheep herders.

Guy with an armed guy with a pig.

Oh yeah.

And a slight coke addiction.

Just slight.

Slight.

So he hates my property because I live in a property that basically blocks a whole view of Los Angeles from his property.

How big a house do you live in?

Or do you live in it?

It's a four unit complex.

Okay.

And you own the whole thing.

I own the whole thing, yeah.

Rent it out.

Rent it out to myself.

And there was a guy that built this property.

It's like a rich trust fund guy and he built this huge property, but it was an empty lot when Brad next door bought it and he asked him like, hey, are you going to build?

And he goes, yeah.

I'm going to build one story.

And then the next thing you know, he builds like a three story thing that just blocks his whole, he doesn't see anything, which is a full view of LA.

So that I now have and enjoy it every day.

It's incredible.

But that just turned into this rivalry.

That's why he got the pig.

That's why he got the roosters.

That's why he got these dogs.

Oh, wait a minute.

So the pig, the rooster, the dogs are not part of his personality already.

Those are escalation.

No, no, that was basically, he got that to just piss off the owner of my building who lived in the building at the time, but he actually moved and I moved into the, his unit, the owner's unit.

And so in that, I know just to set up, but in the, in the, in the two weeks before he moved, I actually ran into Brad outside at nighttime and said, Hey, just FYI, you know, the guy that owns this place is moving because he hates the guy.

So I thought it'd be like good for him to find out.

Turns out him finding that out.

He decided the next two weeks he was going to make it a living hell for this guy before he moved.

So basically he finds that out the next night at about 10 PM Brad's in his backyard.

And I don't really know until all of a sudden I hear like a chainsaw trying to stop.

So did he, he's mad because this guy blocks his view.

And did he say, I'll never block your view or, and then blocked his view?

Is that what he, that Brad says that he said, I'm not going to block the view.

And then the guy that owns the building said, yeah, I told him I was going to build a three story place.

What did I have again?

I already owned the property.

Like, I don't care if this guy buys it, which actually makes sense.

He had nothing invested in whether that guy buys it or not.

Why would he lie to him?

But there's two sides of the story.

You know what?

There's always two sides to every story I've found Nick.

I don't know.

I just want to interject and just throw that in.

But you've got to remind people every now and again, there was always two sides.

You have to, you know what?

These days you really have to remind people of that because a lot of people can hear one side of a story and think that's the only side.

It's like there's two sides to America.

There's the New York and LA.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

Let's get to this tape.

So the next night I hear chainsaw and this is what I started recording.

I didn't get the whole thing.

Brad's in the backyard in his underwear full on just briefs.

Brad is the guy whose name we're not supposed to know.

Yes.

Okay.

We're going to have to bleep that out, I guess.

I keep saying it.

It's too late.

I don't have the technology to bleep that much.

So he's out back.

He's like six, five balding glasses.

He's got- You're really giving a description of this Brad.

He speaks very highly of you.

He's a big guy.

He's wearing short, he's just wearing briefs and he's got like a headlamp on like a hiking headlamp at night and he's trying to start a chainsaw and he's been singing The Hills Are Alive and right when I start recording, the owner of my building comes out and over the fence they can't see each other.

They have this brief conversation.

Yeah.

One more of my fucking handles, dickless.

Do it, dickless.

Are you okay, Brad?

Are you okay, dickless?

Are you really this crazy about what I did?

You know what?

Move to Florida, dickfuck.

Get the fuck out of my neighborhood.

Stay away forever, dickless.

That's it.

Why- You hear the little bit of him trying to start.

He gave up on the actual chainsaw.

So let's see.

By my count, we had two dicklisses and one dickfuck.

One dickfuck, yeah.

There was a dickfuck in there.

Wow.

Why- have they ever called the police on this guy?

Yeah.

I think a guy wielding a chainsaw- The police came that night, actually.

The second after it happened, you could tell that he realized he was not supposed to be doing that.

So he ran into his house, closed all the blinds in his house, closed all the doors and turned all the lights off and never left, but then the cops came and were knocking on the door and never answered.

What's the resolution?

Did dickless leave or- Yeah, he moved to Florida.

Okay.

He said moved.

I think he said moved to Florida and that thing.

Yeah, he moved.

Everything's fine now.

He still has those shitty dogs.

They still bark all the time and I've tried- I actually went out and bought those collars, you know?

Well, when you say those collars, you know.

What do you mean?

I don't know what you're talking about.

The dogs, they shock a dog or they blow citrus in their face so they know not to bark.

Oh, I haven't.

It initiates that so they learn to stop barking.

I've never heard of these.

I saw them and my wife came home and she threw them away because she's like, you're just going to go over there to this crazy guy's house with a gun and be like, hey, I thought you might want these for your dogs.

They spray juice, fruit juice in your dog's eyes about these points.

I thought you might like these.

These will electrocute your dogs.

I bought them.

I paid for them.

Yeah, my own money.

Don't worry.

So, here's what I also did then another time is I recorded me barking really loud in the studio and then one day when my wife was gone, so that I, every time his dogs barked, I put my speakers up against my window and played me barking really loud at the same time.

Actually, the dogs are going back and forth, me barking, but they weren't even.

Why do you do this when your wife is gone?

Is this the kind of thing she wouldn't?

Because she won't allow me to do these things.

She sounds like a smart woman.

That's the reason that's not, this recording isn't longer because she was like, turn that off.

You know, really.

Todd, did anyone ever beat you up?

No, I've pretty much avoided fights.

I've had like maybe something that would count as a quarter of a fight.

Oh, what happened?

I don't even remember.

Some guy thought I was being a jerk to him.

This is like a hundred years ago.

And we sort of like- How old are you?

A hundred?

I'm a hundred years old.

I'm a hundred and one years old.

So, you were a little baby?

Yeah.

And then it just, it was like, yeah, that was it.

But yeah, I've had people who want to beat me up or talked about it, but I, it's not going to happen.

I mean, it could happen.

You ever get like someone after a show that you've sort of put in their place?

Yeah, there's been people.

I've been, there's been times I've had to leave out of back exit.

I don't remember specific, but there's times, you know, you just, that the guy's staring like you're, he's being a jerk, so you insult him and he's staring you down.

It's like, you're trying to turn him around to at least get him to laugh.

And it's just like, oh, I'm always ready to fight.

But I don't want to fight.

So I don't, you know, but I also don't want to be fucked with while I'm on stage.

So it's always a dilemma.

Somebody tried to fight me recently in Alaska.

Really?

What happened?

Oh, I actually had a woman in Alaska charge the stage.

See, this was a couple.

Yeah, she was drunk.

I mean, it was too funny to be even counting as someone charging.

She like got up and like at the pace of like one step every 30 minutes approached the stage.

And these people just kind of pulled around, that's all right, Mary, whatever her name was.

But she was a teacher also.

Oh, of what?

I don't remember, but I found out after there, she was a teacher, but just- Probably not karate.

Yeah.

I mean, that wasn't an actual, it was like a funny thread.

Nick, do you want to tell your story about the altercation?

It was a quick one, but I was at a bar, I was with Jen Kirkman and Rory Scovel after our show.

Roscoe.

And this, I bought a cowboy hat that day.

And I was- On the road.

It was seven bucks.

It was a Stetson too, so it was a good one.

Wait, okay.

So we got a Stetson.

Where do you pick up a Stetson?

And that's a year at the Army Navy store where I also bought a Carhartt vest, because you can't get a Carhartt vest in LA.

What is a Carhartt vest?

Carhartt's like the, you see like farmers wearing it.

It's like heavy duty gear to wear on a farm.

Okay.

But it just looks cool.

Okay.

So I got it, obviously, because I like cool stuff.

Yeah.

And I bought a cowboy hat and wore that and the vest for the rest of the night, obviously, during the show.

Obviously.

After the show.

That wasn't obvious.

At a bar.

And some, I had the hiccups.

Obviously.

And Jen Kirkman, sitting next to Jen and some guy from across this room just goes, hey, hiccups, one more hiccup and I'm taking that cowboy hat off your fucking head.

And I was just sitting there next to Jen Kirkman and I started laughing so hard.

And then I realized it was very serious.

This guy wanted, he just didn't like my look, he didn't like me wearing the cowboy hat, he didn't like my tight pants, he just didn't like anything about me.

And I just went out the back door like ran.

Oh wow.

And then I basically hit by in the car and tried to get rid of my hiccups for about 10, 15 minutes.

Just holding my breath.

So you can go back in?

You know, I forgot.

Holding my breath, texting Jen like, I'm going to come back.

I'm just imagining you crouching behind a car, trying to get rid of your hiccups.

And there were three awesome dudes smoking weed in a truck right next to me and I wanted so bad to be like, hey guys, can I smoke a little, but I just was hiccupping so hard.

I completely forgot that I once got punched in New York.

No way.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I don't know how I forgot this.

Tell me about this.

I didn't think of it as a fight because it was just a pure random.

I just was on Houston street and it was like 630 at night, it wasn't even like this light out and I was like cutting through this playground, which sounds terrible, but in New York a playground is like 30 feet long.

For some reason I was like, maybe I shouldn't cut through it, I don't even know why I thought that.

And I walked through anyway and there was a couple and this guy just turned and looked at me and goes, what the fuck are you doing here?

Boom!

Whoa!

But he hit me on the hard part of my head, which was lucky.

The skull part.

Yeah.

And it knocked me to the ground.

But I thought, he came at me and was like, oh, I'm going to get mugged.

This is my New York mugging.

I feel...

Boom!

I guess a random crackhead or something.

And he didn't kick you while you were down?

You hear the sirens, finally the cops are coming.

He called them ten years ago.

I had a head injury.

But I found cops and they...

Well, they came all the way from New York.

They could not have been less interested in...

They're probably coming to bust me now.

What's that?

They're probably coming to bust me.

See, it's my paranoia.

Now they're coming.

All right, tell you what, why don't we go to a song and when we come back...

Oh, I got another quick cop story.

Okay, quick cop story.

When we come back, we'll have the cop story and we'll have one of our recent most favorite new features on the show.

So Matthew, what do you guys want to play?

By the way, we have Dennis here who's on leads for you.

Dennis is here playing acoustic leads along with me and we're going to play She Walks the Night.

And this is from your new record.

That's right, Modern Art.

Which comes out this week.

Tomorrow, right?

Tomorrow.

I mean, tomorrow if you're listening to this on Monday, the day it comes out.

If you're listening to it on Tuesday, it came out today.

If you're listening to it any time past Tuesday...

Go get it.

All right, so this is She Walks the Night.

We are here on Comedy Bang Bang and Matthew Sweet.

She walks the night where nobody can see her anymore.

She loves the dark and she knows where it's coming from.

She drifts around, her feet are barely touching on the ground.

And she wakes me when the sun comes out again.

I don't know why would I pretend she wasn't there if I could feel her feet.

She's real enough to me.

She comes alive, painted in the glow of a street light.

Finding the world exactly as she left it.

I don't know why would I pretend she wasn't there if I could feel her feet.

She's real enough to me, she's real enough to me.

How many times in her place have I died that gets cold enough in here for extra blankets.

How many times to her face did I lie, still she wakes me when the sun comes out again.

She walks the night.

I don't know why would I pretend she wasn't there if I could feel her feet.

She's real enough to me, she's real enough to me.

How many times in her place have I died that gets cold enough in here for extra blankets.

How many times to her face did I lie, still she wakes me when the sun comes out again.

Still she wakes me when the sun comes out again.

When the sun comes out, she wakes me, she wakes me.

Very nice.

She Walks the Night, Matthew Sweet, that's from your new record, Modern Art, and that's beautiful.

Oh, thank you.

Congratulations.

What do you, how would you describe this record in the pantheon of Matthew Sweet records?

God.

New sound for you?

It's kind of weird.

I don't know exactly how.

It's sort of weird.

Sort of things are sort of structured weird, meaning the songs, songs, some of them have kind of strange structures where they sort of, it's a little more like stream of consciousness, like just going to different sections that kind of never happen again.

I was noticing when I was listening to it that I was losing my mind.

A lot of the songs seem to blend in and out with each other, but I could fall apart in the middle.

Yeah, yeah, but I couldn't tell if that was because I had like my iTunes like crossfade on.

It probably means something's wrong.

With me?

With me.

Oh.

No.

No, it's like, I can say all these things about it and say it's weird or it's a difficult record of mine, but it really isn't that weird, you know what I mean?

Like if you hear it.

It's still, I mean, if people don't know Matthew's work, it's basically a power pop with really pretty chord changes and wonderful vocals and with a little bit of like, kind of- Cool lead guitars.

Cool, loud lead guitars and almost like influenced by, what are your influences?

I would guess like television or- Yeah, like television, The Beatles.

See, I love New York television, Richard Hell and the Voidoids.

I love all that stuff.

Who was the second one?

The Beatles.

The Beach Boys.

The Beatles anyway and you know, all those classic groups from when rock was going to matter.

We'll pick up that record and now guys, of course we have Todd Berry here as well and Nick Thune and guys, it's time now for one of our recent to new favorite features on the show.

It's time for a little something we call Hot Topics.

Woo.

Oh.

Man, cool clothes.

Hot Topics.

Is this you playing?

All right.

It's time for Hot Topics and we all know what this is.

This is where, we played this on our last Bro and Out show.

This is where I go to the website of the TV show, The View and they have a feature called Hot Topics and we talk about what they've talked about on The View and we'll set it up here with Whoopi Goldberg setting up all of these topics and then we'll talk about them and- Can we talk about the way she sets them up?

Yes, definitely.

We can do whatever we want, right?

Yes.

So we're going to have Whoopi set up these topics and then we'll talk about them and you know, I mean, we don't have to be funny when we talk about them, we just got to really actually talk about them.

Oh, I'm going to be funny.

Okay.

That's a given.

I'm going to try.

I don't know if I will be funny.

I might not be funny.

Okay.

Matthew?

I'm going to stick with my don't have to be funny sort of status here.

All right.

So the first one, I believe, we'll just let Whoopi set it up.

Here we go.

Here's our first topic.

The new unauthorized bio of Sarah Palin called The Rogue is making headlines before it's even been released because it seems to contain stunning allegations, like that Sarah and Todd did drugs and you know, that she had an affair with one of Todd's friends, his business partner.

I mean, I don't know, I mean, is this a big deal now?

Okay.

Is this a big deal now?

I think it's a big deal.

Whoopi says, I don't know.

Is this a big deal now?

Did she write in the book about the affair?

No, no.

Oh, it's not a memoir.

No, this is a- No, it's the guy that moved in next door to her.

I don't know if anyone remembers this, like the writer that moved in next door to spy on her kids and her pool or whatever.

She always says that she always thinks of the creepiest things she can say like that he wants.

Okay.

Well, I want to get us back on track.

We're not here to talk about the book itself.

We're here to talk about Whoopi's, Whoopi set it up.

Is this a big deal now?

I'd say no, it's not a big deal.

I'd have to go no.

No?

Like today or when this show comes out?

Let's elaborate on our answer, aren't we?

Yeah, let's elaborate on it.

Make a more interesting chat, right?

Yeah, probably.

I'd say, yeah.

Who cares who- You say no, it's not- If you already like Sarah Palin, the fact that she did have sex with someone- He means to say who gives a shit about Sarah Palin.

That's one wave.

I mean, in general, it's just, I would say that about anyone even if I- But is this a big deal now?

No.

I'm going to say yeah, it is.

Nick, you think it's a big deal now?

Because all she has to do is say none of this stuff happened and this guy's a- But we've got proof.

And if she doesn't sue him, that means it's true, right?

True.

But Nick, you say yes, it is a big deal now.

Yeah, for Sarah Palin's career, it's a huge deal.

And why do you think it's a big deal now?

Just because I wanted to have a different answer than these guys.

Contrarian.

Matthew- They say she did cocaine, just to be clear, that's what they say in the book.

That's really easy to imagine.

Matthew, I want to caution you here.

We're not here to talk about the book.

The way that she set it up is, is this a big deal now?

No.

We're not here to talk about if it's a big deal or not.

Then no.

So you think no, it's not a big deal now?

I think it's not a big deal.

She's got a good setup.

I feel like you've got something you're waiting to drop on.

What are you looking for here?

I just want to know if it's a big deal now.

No, we all said no.

I don't want to talk about the book.

The book is not interesting.

Nick said yes, it's a big deal.

Okay, so we've got two nos and one yes.

But we have to point out that Nick actually says no, but he's just being- Yeah, he only said it.

He wants to stand out.

Okay.

To be different.

All right, all right.

Two nos and a yes.

Two nos and a yes for if it's a big deal now.

Okay.

Let's go to our second hot topic, Whoopi.

What do we have coming up next on The Doc?

These are easy topics.

One word answer.

Controversial new scientific study making headlines found that when a man becomes a father, his testosterone levels drop significantly, and the more time he spends raising the baby, the lower levels his testosterone goes.

Now, how do you think men are going to react to this?

Okay, so let me just reiterate the setup.

When a man raises children, his testosterone drops, and the longer he spends with his children, the lower it goes.

But we're not here to talk about that.

We're here to talk about how do you think men are going to react to this?

I would say they're going to react.

You're so in love with this idea.

If you could see how in love he is with making us stick to this one little question.

Can't be the larger question.

I'd say they're going to react by probably looking into those low-T medications you see advertised now.

So you think they're going to react?

That's what I would do if I had a kid.

You think they're going to- I still might do it.

What's with the bathtubs on that stuff?

The bathtubs.

The low-T drugs.

I've never been able to do this on a panel and ask other people.

I don't know.

What are you talking about?

The bathtubs?

Is it Cialis?

What are the ones that are- Oh yeah, someone else- Yeah, there's two bathtubs outside.

They have two bathtubs, and they're both in one.

I just don't get it.

They're like hold hands outside the bathtub.

I think that's a Cialis commercial.

Wait, who are we talking about?

A man in a- That's a Cialis commercial.

No, it's like their logo or something.

I mean, there's like a whole thing with these weird- And they're inside bathtubs.

They're in bathtubs, so I guess you know you're going to be clean, but I don't get what they're going for.

It means, I think they're saying, now you got the bathtubs, you got the Cialis.

There's no excuses.

You could get the same bathtub.

You're going to be fucking.

You are going to be fucking.

Any of you guys on any of these Cialis type drugs?

I am, Nick is.

I don't know about bathtubs.

No.

I'm not, but now that I know they are, I'm going to go get some.

Of course I do.

I want to step in here before you answer, Nick.

We're not here to talk too much about that.

We want to talk about how are men going to react to this.

I think they're going to start being worse fathers.

Really?

Because they don't want their testosterone to drop, so what's the best next step?

Yeah, they're going to put their kids up for adoption.

They won't want kids at all.

Men won't have kids.

Oh, that's probably what they're trying to do actually, curb people from having children.

So this is population control.

Yeah.

They do it in China, they do it here.

And the way they do it in China is they make it against the law to have more than two children.

I wonder if your testosterone lowers in proportion to how tired you are and probably don't want sex anyway.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

You would think that, or I wonder if your testosterone lowers the more you're married to one person.

No, I'm not supposed to say that out loud, but we know that's what I thought it was.

I think it's just caring for the children makes you too kind and gentle.

Do you have children, Matthew?

I don't, no.

Anyone have children in this room?

Well, think about- I clearly have full testosterone, so obviously I don't have kids.

The character in there will be blood.

Okay.

I didn't see it, don't ruin it.

Okay, wait, now there's a lot of characters in this.

Let's not- The main character.

Daniel Plainview, then.

Don't ruin it for me.

Day Lewis.

Still have the screener.

Daniel Plainview, Day Lewis.

Yes.

Ryder Skilled Screener.

Yeah, Ryder Skilled Screener.

You still haven't seen this movie?

I haven't, but I do have the screener.

But he's a manly father.

I'm still going to vote for it, seven years afterwards.

You're saying he's a manly father.

How do you think he would react to this news?

He probably would just say, shut the fuck up.

Yeah.

He'd throw a bowling pin at you?

Well, yeah.

That was later in life, though.

Mm-hmm.

All right, so I think we've got Todd, where did you fall?

You fall with surprise or- No, I think they will start using Medicaid, doing something about it if they hear about it.

Getting some medication.

Matthew, where did you fall?

I think they just will not have kids.

Will not have kids.

And Nick, how did you think they'd react to this?

They're just going to start spending less time with their kids.

Okay, great.

It's a hot topic.

Hot topic.

Let's move on to our final hot topic.

Whoopi, what do you have for us?

My god, Sherry, congratulations on getting hitched.

All right, Sherry Shepard, congratulations on getting hitched.

That's one of their hot topics.

Let's talk about it.

She's the black woman, right?

Yes.

I did some shows with her.

She's very nice.

I mean, she was at a showcase night and she was- And she's very funny in 30 Rock, but we're not here to talk about her.

The hot topic of the day is congratulations on getting hitched.

It's a hot time.

Yes.

I say yes.

Congratulations, Sherry.

You were nice when I met you.

Nick, where do you fall on this?

It's about time.

Matthew?

I wish them all the best.

All right, that is it for Hot Topics.

That's all we have today.

Let's wrap it up.

Let's close up the Hot Topics mailbag.

Ooh, a little late on that.

A little late on that.

Comedy got to be on those things.

You can't hear us right now.

Oh, no?

Scott doesn't like the music being talked over.

I'm ignoring you.

All right, and that is, of course, Hot Topics.

That's a great feature.

I like that.

And you really, you know, you have a vision for it and you make sure we all stick to it.

And you stick to that vision.

We can't get off Hot Topics, pardon me.

We can't get on Hot Topics.

It would be, yeah.

It would be chaos.

All right, Matthew, are you ready for another song?

What do you say?

Sure.

All right, what would you say this one is going to be?

That would be Baltimore.

Baltimore, and this is off the new record as well?

That's right.

And anything to explain about this song?

No, not really.

Anything to look for?

Baltimore takes place there.

All right, and this is Baltimore and Comedy Bang Bang, Matthew Sweet.

I'm stuck here in Baltimore while you walk free.

Luckier than one could claim a right to be.

You and I just couldn't stand the sight of me.

Baltimore, I knew the score.

By Baltimore, I knew for sure.

I need it bad, but I can't just make my love.

I want it bad, but the push has come to shove.

I need it bad, but I can't just make my love.

Baltimore, I knew for sure.

By Baltimore, I knew the score.

Only my tears will outlast yours.

Calling numbers, no one answers.

Every day brings more disaster than Baltimore.

By Baltimore, I knew the score.

By Baltimore, I knew for sure.

I want it bad, but I can't just make my love.

I don't think you need to redo that one.

If you insist.

I think it sounded good.

I'm all for the low bar.

We used to have a thing in the studio, actually.

This guy, Jim Scott, is an amazing engineer, and he just had things be above the line of acceptability.

That was all you had to be to.

Just above.

That's above the line of acceptability.

I think one clam proves that you guys are actually here.

Clams are cool.

You know what I'm saying?

Clams are cool.

It sucks when people have no clams and it's all perfect.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, guys, it's time for another great feature on this show.

It's time for a little something that we like to call it if we're ready for it.

A little something we call What Am I Thinking?

What Am I Thinking?

All right.

It's time to play What Am I Thinking?

And we all know how this is played.

We're going to pair off into teams of two.

And Matthew, I want you to pick first.

Who do you like to pick to be your partner?

Todd.

Todd?

All right, Nick.

That means we are de facto partners then.

And we need to figure out, you're going to be in, we're in teams here.

So Todd and Matthew, we need to know who you're playing for.

Oh.

Who gets the glory?

Should you win?

This is why I picked you.

Go ahead.

Oh, okay.

How about all the people out there listening, not feeling well.

Hopefully, we'll win and pick you up your spirits.

Pick you up your spirits.

That's going to be a new segment on your show.

Pick you up your spirits.

Okay, we'll play that next week.

I second that.

Pick you up your spirits.

All right, Nick.

Who are we playing for?

Everyone that can't be here today.

Okay.

In this room, you mean?

Mm-hmm.

Okay, great.

All right, so we all know how this is played.

No.

Nick and I will play first and Matthew and Todd, you can watch.

We're each going to, have we played this before, Nick, on the show?

Okay.

We're each going to think separately of a word in our heads.

It doesn't have to be a word.

It can be a thing like the pink panther or it has to be a thing.

It's a word or a thing.

We're each going to separately think of that.

We're going to count down from three, say three, two, one, and then say what we're thinking.

And ostensibly, we'll say two different things.

And then we will each think in our heads of the word that has those in common.

So the word that has those in common, we will then say three, two, one, and say those words out loud until we finally say the same- Oh, I've done this with you before?

Yes, you did say that.

Yeah, I just remembered I had to.

Okay, so you both are going to be really good at this, Matthew.

I have no idea what we're going to do.

I remember I said I'm never going to come back because of this excitement.

Oh, right.

I remember I did it with Chelsea and she was really good and I kind of, you know- Yeah, you stuck the landing a little bit, but right now we're partners.

And so I'm going to need you to lock in a word.

Do you have a word?

It can be a word or a phrase.

It can be a word or a thing or maybe not a phrase-ness, like an eight-word phrase, but like a thing.

Got it.

You know what I mean?

And do you have your word?

All right, I have my word.

And we're going to say it out loud, three, two, one, and then the word.

All right, here we go.

And three, you're going to have to say this together.

That's your first blunder.

Three, two, one, and then the word.

Oh, we say three, two, one together?

Yes, here we go.

All right.

Highlight.

Okay, that reminded me about the word.

All right.

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Styrofoam.

Hold on.

Styrofoam and Batman.

Now we're going to think of the word that those two words have in common.

Styrofoam and Batman.

All right.

And if you're locked in, I'm locked in.

Here we go.

Ah, shit.

Yeah.

Okay, we got it.

All right, here we go.

And three, two, one.

Recycle.

Coffee and recycle.

So you're saying Batman recycles a lot, and I'm saying Batman drinks a lot of coffee because he works at night.

No, it's Styrofoam.

You can't recycle it.

Okay, great.

All right.

So, but recycle and coffee is what we're going off.

Going off.

All right, here we go.

Do you have something locked in?

Yep.

All right, here we go.

And three, two, one.

Pot.

Pot and beans.

Oh.

All right.

Here we go.

Ready?

And three, two, one.

Leaf.

Three, two, one.

Coaster.

Leaf and coaster.

Okay, I got mine.

All right.

Three, two, one.

Musicians.

Tapestry.

Musicians.

I was thinking of LeafGarrett, of course, and the coasters.

And tapestry is what you got.

That just came in.

By two, I didn't have a word.

He's just trying to drag this game out.

Tapestry and musicians.

Okay.

All right, and here we go.

Three, two, one.

Clarinet.

Clarinet and poster.

I got it.

All right.

All right, here we go.

And three, two, one.

Three, two, one.

Miles Davis.

All right, Woody Allen and Miles Davis.

They have something in common.

We can pull it out.

Yep.

Here we go.

And three, two, one.

Jazz.

Oh.

We did it.

Very good.

Wow.

The disgust on Todd.

That's how you do it.

We're going to do better than that.

God.

How many moves was that, would you say?

Oh, you didn't even count?

Yeah, anyone counting?

Anyone know?

That was at least 10, right?

10.

Don't you think?

We'll call it 10.

I'd say it was eight.

No, let's call it 10.

If you guys can do it in less than 10, then you guys win.

All right.

Here we go.

All right.

You want me to do the count?

Sure.

I want you guys to lock into words first.

I'm locked in.

Do you each have a word?

Yeah, I got one.

All right.

Matthew's locked in.

Todd, you're locked in.

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Clown.

Parking lot and clown.

Is that what we have?

Mm-hmm.

Parking lot and clown.

I'm ready.

All right.

Todd's locked in.

You ready?

Matthew, are you locked in?

Three, two, one.

Exposed.

Okay.

I heard exposed from Matthew.

What did you say?

I said circus.

Circus.

Okay.

Circus and exposed.

Not bad.

I can think of...

I was doing the clown and parking lot together.

I started to think he was exposing himself in the parking lot.

No, that's fair.

That's right.

Yeah, that's right.

All right.

So now we have exposed and circus.

Exposed, circus.

I can think of a few exposed circuses.

All right.

So exposed and circus.

Okay.

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Animal cruelty.

Pedophile and animal cruelty.

Two similar things.

Is that what you said?

Yeah, I said pedophile.

Pedophile and animal cruelty.

See, he was trying to come my way and then I...

You rebuked him.

I got lost.

All right.

Pedophile and animal cruelty.

That's three moves so far, guys.

Three moves.

Oh, I get...

Oh, wow.

Pedophile and animal cruelty.

All right.

Let's see if you can get it in seven more moves or less.

You ready?

Three, two, one.

Convict.

Bestiality.

Bestiality and convict.

Is that what you said?

Yes.

Bestiality and convict is your fourth move.

Bestiality and convict.

All right.

Bestiality and convict.

Oh, oh, I got one.

All right.

Matthew, do you have your word locked in?

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Jail.

Jeffrey Dahmer.

Jail and Jeffrey Dahmer.

I should have just watched your mouth.

Jeffrey Dahmer.

Wasn't he...

Did you say jail?

I said jail.

Okay.

Jail and Jeffrey Dahmer.

Okay.

Jail and Jeffrey Dahmer.

We're in the area here, guys.

Oh, man.

This is going to be rough.

We're at five moves.

You have five left.

You can pull this out.

See, we didn't do 10.

We probably didn't, but let's just... for expediency's sake.

You should keep counts in your show, man.

All you have to have is this dude go, whoop, whoop, whoop.

All right.

What's up with Dahmer?

Did he kill himself?

No, he got...

He got executed.

No, he was murdered by an operation.

He was murdered.

Okay, yeah, yeah.

Jeffrey Dahmer...

Jeffrey Dahmer in jail.

If you can do it in less than five moves, then the people who pick you up and we were just...

We'll have those spirits be literally picked up.

Jeffrey Dahmer in jail.

Here we go.

Lock it in.

Three, two, one, dead.

Dead and murdered.

I thought you guys just came to that together.

Dead and murdered.

I tried to, but he played classy and chose a different word.

I tried to cheat.

Okay, dead and murdered.

I'm going to have to ask you guys to pick it up a little now.

Dead and murdered.

We're going to have to just get it going a little bit here.

Dead and murdered.

All right, I'm ready.

All right.

Matthew, I'm going to have to ask you to lock in.

We need an answer.

Dead and murdered.

Ready?

Here we go.

Ready?

Three, two, one, gone.

Three, two, one, funeral.

Gone and funeral?

Yeah.

Okay.

That is your second move.

Kind of the same thing.

This is the worst...

Gone and funeral.

I don't think I understand the game.

No, you guys are doing great.

I feel like I should have won already.

You have three more moves.

Gone and funeral.

Three, two...

No, hold on.

Matthew's not ready.

Ready?

Three, two, one, Hurst.

Hurst?

The William Randolph Hurst?

He pronounced it Hurst, but I think it's a Hurst.

Oh, oh, oh.

Wait, wait.

Did you say Hurst or Hurst?

Hurst.

Wait, did you say Hurst?

The car that carries the dead people?

Yeah, Hurst.

But did you say Hurst?

I don't know.

Maybe.

Don't we have a record of that?

I think intent.

All right.

Well, I think intent.

Yeah.

He called a shot.

So Hurst, we got it in eight moves.

Congratulations.

You guys are the winners of...

What am I thinking?

I'd like people to actually listen to that.

Count how many moves we had.

Yeah, because you guys probably had like six or something.

Who really won?

Anyone who can count, please write into our forums here at airwolf.com and let us know who won.

Yeah, someone could count that.

That was eight moves by my count, what you guys got it in.

So if we got it in eight or less, then the people who pick you up your spirits.

We could just call it one big tie.

That's something to look forward to too, like for me to find out next week who won.

When you're back on the show next week?

Yeah.

Great.

All right.

That is of course how we play What Am I Thinking?

And Matthew, what do you say?

Let's go to another song.

What do you think?

Okay.

And what are you going to do now?

I think we're going to play I've Been Waiting off of Girlfriend.

We've been playing the whole Girlfriend album live.

And you've been doing that as a tour and not just for yourself.

Yeah.

It's going to be a big bunch of tour in the US.

We played them in Spain a week or two ago.

I don't know.

I've been so jet lagged.

Do you know when you're playing in the US?

All during October and into early November.

All right.

So I've been waiting.

This is one of my favorite songs from the record, the first record I heard of yours.

All right.

Here we go.

And when you said to me, you are not so, did I know it then, cause I had just been told, I didn't think I'd find you perfect in so many ways, but I've been waiting and I want to.

Well, I've been waiting and I want to.

I didn't think I'd find you perfect in so many ways, but I've been waiting and I want to.

I've been waiting and I want to.

When you said to me, you are not so, did I know it then, cause I had just been told, I didn't think I'd find you perfect in so many ways, but I've been waiting and I want to.

Well, I've been waiting and I want to, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to, I've been waiting, I've been waiting, I've been waiting, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you, I've been waiting and I want to have you.
