Coming up on the show today, two of my best friends in all the world, Sara Silverman is here and Nick Kroll.

Nick you know from the league, Sara you know from just being Sara.

And not to mention we have music from a great new singer-songwriter, Dan Mangan is here.

He'll be doing songs the entire program, all of that and more all on today's...

What's your thinking Abraham Lincoln, hey welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

That is a catchphrase submission, if you have a catchphrase submission go to EarWolf.com and submit it.

And I am of course Scott Aukerman aka Hot Sauce Man aka The Arapaho and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, another edition, another week, here we are, another Monday.

And I have, we have a great show.

First of all we have a really fantastic musician that I'm just going to say I discovered him.

But Dan Mangan is over there in the corner going to play songs for us during our breaks.

But I do want to say hello to our two guests, I don't think it's any kind of coincidence that we're taping this on Rosh Hashanah and they are here.

And first of all of course we have, you know her from her many movies and television shows, the Siren of Sarcasm, Sara Silverman is here.

And you know him from The League as well as his own comedy in his own right, Nick Kroll is here.

Hey what's up.

Hi Scott.

Is that a funny bit?

That's a funny bit.

I don't know.

I think it's pretty funny.

Welcome guys, thank you so much for coming on what a certain percentage of the population calls a holiday.

What two percent of America and half of them ignore?

Yeah, but if everyone, no one's in their offices today, I'll tell you that.

In Hollywood.

You're trying to raise some one of your agents.

Everyone's Jewish when you can take a day off, stop working on my career and do what?

Go to temple?

Yeah.

You guys ever been to temple?

I went last night.

Really?

Yeah, just to firebomb it though.

Oh Nicholas.

I did it too.

You're so bad.

I really let him have it.

You really did it.

Yeah.

I went to a Jewish day school growing up.

Tell me about that.

It was, I guess a good experience, but also the worst.

It's like people who talk about going to Catholic school and they're like, I know, I'm done with it.

It's kind of like that except no girls in cute dresses and then I didn't get my dangling touch by older priests.

You didn't stick it through the sheet?

That was one of my first, that was one of the first sketches that I remember from UCB.

Do you remember that?

No.

But Matt Besser has a, as a sheet and he's like, you can have sex in it.

And then he thinks he can do anything as long as it's through a sheet, it's eat poor, kill somebody.

Sarah, what's your relationship to God?

I, it's more of a one-on-one, no, I don't know.

Conversation.

We, we went to temple a few times when I was a kid and then my dad was like, fuck this.

Oh, can we?

Yeah, yeah, of course you can, please.

So what did he say now?

Wait, this isn't being broadcast on ABC?

I don't know, I don't know.

But yeah, then my dad's like, if we want to get closer to God, we can go hiking.

Did you?

Yeah, a couple of times, Mountain Monadnock.

It's really just a hill.

So that's as close as you got to God?

Yeah, well, I mean, I've, I, it's hard to say how close you've gotten to an imaginary thing that's made up and doesn't exist.

Oh, what?

Come on now.

I don't know, really close?

We don't, we do.

Not close at all?

How close are you to Bud's bunny?

How close are you to Santa Claus?

Oh, you know when God dresses up like a girl?

I love it when- Yeah, and then he's attracted to the, himself in a wig.

Yeah.

And he tries to get Elmer Fudd over.

Yeah, exactly.

I started thinking today, I saw a girl who looked really good in a dress and I was like, huh, I don't think she'd look good out of the dress, but like the dress made her look good.

And then I was like, why don't men wear dresses?

You ever think about like, our bodies are not that dissimilar.

Why would men look good in a dress?

I think it would depend on the cut.

Yeah.

Right?

The way the cut of your circumcision?

Yeah, exactly.

Your jib.

I'm seriously wondering like, if there weren't decades, and probably more than decades, maybe centuries, of stigma about guys wearing dresses, would guys actually look better in dresses?

Like as a fashion, like would women, and you're by all accounts a woman, would you, when you looked at a guy, think that, oh wow, that's really attractive, oh man, I'm attracted to if they were wearing a dress and there was no stigma about it?

Sure.

I mean, Scottish guys wear kilts and they're very manly.

John Fishman, the drummer for Fish, wears a dress all the time.

By the way, Analyze Fish, episode two, out today.

Really?

You want to take a look at that?

Okay.

Yeah, take a listen to that, me and Harris Whittles.

Oh my God.

Well, wait, that's not why the band's called Fish, right?

Yeah, it is.

Because of the drummer?

Yeah, yeah, we cover this.

We cover this in episode one.

Is his last name with a P-H?

Ah, I can't remember that, I don't believe it is, I think that they were P-H, but no, we did, it's been a while since I heard episode one, but episode two is out today.

But it's not a bit, I'm actually wondering, would they be flattering or is it because of the way a man's body is shaped that a suit looks better on a man than a dress would?

Has it evolved into that for a reason?

Yeah, exactly.

No, there's definitely good cuts of dresses that would look good on men.

And I got to say, you watch a Robert Palmer video, a lady can look pretty good in a suit.

That's right.

All right, we'll be back with more car talk.

You're on a phone.

Those guys, I feel like as they're laughing, they're just like cocking a gun ready to shoot themselves in the face.

No opinion on that?

You know car talk?

Is that on the NPR?

Click and clack.

Yeah.

Guys, have you ever met before your two luminaries of the comedy scene?

People would not necessarily associate the two of you with each other because I don't know if your body of work is intersected as much as people would think.

We do tons of live shows together.

It might be a surprise for listeners to know that you guys actually know each other kind of well and you guys are friends.

I have a great picture that I took of Nick.

I threw the tennis ball and took the picture and then Nick jumped in the pool and caught the tennis ball and it's an incredible picture, I have to say.

I don't think I've seen that one.

Can you send it?

We can post it online.

She's the David LaChapelle of getting baked on a Saturday and going swimming.

I am.

But yeah, you guys hang out a lot.

You guys party.

And you know, sexually, a number of times have interacted.

Not with each other, just in general.

Unless you have interacted with other people.

We vibed over a bit.

Yeah.

Abandoned.

What was the first?

Are you looking for the picture?

Are you going to show all the podcast listeners the picture right now?

Yeah, but I had to.

That's okay.

You can send it to me later.

I have to turn off my phone.

What was the first time you met each other?

Can you remember?

I must say I don't believe I can remember the first time I've ever met most of my friends.

I can tell you the first time I met Sarah.

Really?

I was doing a book called Bar Mitzvah Disco, speaking of Jewish things, people's stories and pictures from their Bar Mitzvahs from the 70s to the 90s.

And someone gave me Sarah's email.

And I bothered her.

She was very nice.

Was I?

You were very nice and responded.

As you're telling the story, I'm like, oh God.

No, no, no, no.

You were very nice.

You responded right away.

I mean, I had been doing comedy like two years at this point, maybe.

And I got her email, and email was like, hey, we're getting all these people to tell their stories of their Bar Mitzvahs.

And you wrote back like, I'm Jewish, but I never had a Bar Mitzvah.

Thank you so much.

Sounds like a great idea.

And I was like, okay.

And my partner was like, no, you need to persist.

And I was like, it's not something- How do you persist on that?

She didn't have one.

I know.

I wasn't raised- Well, but it was like, you know, because people went to Bar Mitzvahs or they- I never went to one.

So that was the second email.

And the third email was, well, just tell us about what you were like in seventh grade.

And like, I wrote a bunch of questions, which she very nicely answered all of them.

And then we formatted it basically into an essay, more or less about like Sarah being in seventh grade.

Your favorite artist- Was that my first kiss?

Yeah, your favorite artist was David Hockney because it was Steve Martin's favorite artist.

Yeah, that's true.

And so I came to, I went to the premiere of Jesus's Magic in New York and like went with a copy of the book to give you the book at like outside of the premiere.

You were- Mrs. Silverman?

Was I nice to you there?

You were super nice, yeah.

Oh, thank God.

Mrs. Silverman?

This is the thing that I've worked very hard on- That's so weird.

That I bothered you about.

I know my partner is pushing it, but- Well, I mean, you are, I guess, maybe I'm a little older than you, but that's just such an odd thing.

Well, and yeah, I mean, I don't want to geek out, but I remember the first time I saw you perform too was with Roseanne and Jesse Klein at Luna Lounge.

Like I had just- Roseanne?

Yeah, Roseanne was doing standout.

That's a triple, that's an amazing triple, Will.

I was like trying to, I had met Jesse at an open mic and she was like, I'm doing this thing at Luna Lounge and I was like, oh yeah, Luna, I had no idea what it was and then went and it was you and Roseanne and Jesse on the lineup.

You sounded annoying back then.

Yeah, I was.

Like any time you've imitated yourself back then, you just sound like an annoying character.

Then we became friends like because he was good friends with- Tig.

Tig and Chelsea and all these people that I had become good friends with and we just all kind of became a gang of, I kind of, I got introduced to him through mutual people.

We all just hung out.

We go out in groups and stuff.

Were you about to say something else?

I feel like you had a- Yeah, you had a weird smile on your face like you were not supposed to say something.

No, not anything like that, but- But that's interesting that you remember it because I found that especially in comedy, you tend to meet people just backstage or something and I can't- Sure, but Sarah is one of the funniest people who's been around for a while and who's a super beautiful funny woman who like- What?

You know what I mean?

What are you guys doing under the table there?

What is happening?

She's fingering me.

From three seats away.

I do have really long fingers.

You do?

It's gross.

One time I gave a middle finger to some kid in school and he was like, eww, your finger's so long.

That happened to me too.

Then I had to learn the half finger thing.

Yeah, to do it the half way.

But now I like to do it where you just give them this.

It makes it just so- It's a stronger, more- Yeah, yeah.

More definitive.

By the way, let's all pose for the picture while we're doing this.

Can we all get in here?

Give just a real strong- Oh, there we go.

Yeah, but- I'm coming closer.

I don't even really remember the first time I met you, Sarah, but it was 16 years ago, so how am I supposed to really remember these kind of things?

I have early memories where you and BJ were the fun bunch and you did shows and we were all just kind of the same gang.

I have early memories of seeing you on stage and knowing who you were, but I don't have any specific memory of the first time.

But then again, I'm really bad at meeting people.

I always assume that the person doesn't want to meet me.

Well, it's true.

Aw.

But it's true.

Largo and Fun Bunch and I mean, I remember so well the first time I saw Weirdest Cool Op.

Yeah, yeah.

Yes.

Because- No, I remember that because you left me a really nice message about Cool Op, about how great she was in the show that we did together.

I was blown away by her.

And I played- Were you dating her at that point or what?

Yes.

Yeah.

And I played it for her.

This is 1999, I believe, and I played it for her and she just was like so thrilled that because she looked up to you, obviously.

But Cool Op was, I mean, Cool Op doesn't perform live much, you know what I mean, but she did this show with them and was so funny.

I was blown away.

Who is this girl?

Asian.

And then she married me and I retired her.

And good on you, buddy.

Thank you.

Yeah, good for you, dude.

Control, control, control.

Guys, I do want to take a little break, but Nick, do you want to talk about the league before we do that?

Sure.

Because the league is coming out this week, right?

Yeah.

It premieres Thursday, October 6th at 10.30.

Third season.

Season three.

And?

Yeah.

I mean, the first season was six episodes, but I've never been on a show that went past a year.

So you've been on a lot of shows, is that what you're trying to say?

I've been on two shows, so it's not a big deal.

And your character, Teddy Ruxpin, what is his name?

Rodney Ruxin.

Ruxin.

Yeah.

He, I'm a lawyer.

I won the championship last year, so I'm the Shiva, as we call it.

So it's like the awful reign of Ruxin.

And it's surrounding a football league, a fantasy football league, but it transcends that for people who don't really like football.

I think you don't really have to know a lot about football in order for it to, or know anything about it.

Yeah, you don't have to know.

I mean, it's the same as like watching like a medical drama.

You know, you don't need to know anything about medicine to get it.

And those shows are hilarious.

I'm really confused by those when I watch those, I have to say.

But no, it's like, I mean, it's Jeff Schaeffer and Jackie Schaeffer created it, and Jeff is one of the guys behind Curb Your Enthusiasm.

And so it has that same format and feel.

It's very loosely scripted, and it's very much of that elgo.

And so funny.

You and Paul Scheer, and Jean Lajoie, Steve Renazzisi, Mark and Katie Duplass, and a bunch of funny guests for the first episode, Jason Manzoukis is my, Rafi, my bro-lo, my brother and mom.

And Jason has been on the show before.

Oh, I saw the ad for that.

He looks so cute.

Yeah.

And Seth Rogen.

Seth Rogen is the other, his buddy.

And he's on the premiere?

He's on the first episode as a Dirty Randy, Jason's buddy.

Who you guys have talked about a lot.

Yes.

Yeah.

And we have a bunch of funny people on the show this year, but I think it's, the first episode sort of sets up what happened in the off season and all the crazy stuff and sets up what's going to happen this year, and it's fun.

And how would you relate it to a show like R-List?

Where do you think it stacks up?

I mean, nothing stacks up to R-List.

It's kind of the most, R-List, I mean, it has a dollar sign in the, two dollar signs.

So we don't have- What the league does?

R-List.

What if you put two dollar signs in the league?

Yeah.

Then we may be almost as good.

Were you ever on R-List?

I was never, no, I was never on R-List, but I will tell you that I'm related to the super fan of R-List.

My dad.

What?

Really?

My dad loved R-List and he would always say this, that R-List is so wild.

How you was?

You know, you can make fun of him, but it was actually true.

That R-List is so wild.

Yeah.

He did a lot of wild things, like walking around and talking to people.

I saw Robert Wall once and I told him what a big fan my dad was and like a year later I bumped into him again and somehow maybe he knew I was going to be there and he had like the whole like- Season.

The- The discs, whatever.

He's like, give those to your dad.

Oh, that is so nice.

I know.

I was like, oh.

Oh.

The only copies ever made.

R-List.

It was on for like 80 years.

Yeah, it did amazingly well.

But yeah, it's very different.

Believe the discovery of the great Sandra Oh.

Yes.

That was the- That's where everyone went, Sandra Oh.

That's a pre-Sideways Sandra Oh.

Are you talking about her vagina right now?

Yeah.

Oh, interesting.

You're the one married to an Asian lady.

All right, guys, tell you what, why don't we take a little break, we'll get a song here from Dan.

What do you say?

Great.

You guys excited to hear some music?

Sure.

I love, I'm a big fan.

All right, here we go then.

Dan, make your way over to the microphone over here.

Come on over.

Hello, hello.

There you are.

Hello.

Dan Mangan is here.

I am here and I am sitting.

The record's called Oh Fortune.

Correct.

And it came out last week.

Yeah, it came out last Tuesday.

And I liked it.

How would you describe your style?

I could throw a references of bands at you like Beirut or Devachka is kind of like what it reminds me of.

Sure, there's some of that in there for sure.

It really depends who I'm talking to.

If it's like a border guard who asks what kind of music we play, I say like folk music.

Is that so you don't get pulled over and searched?

Well, partly, but also just because if you say like indie rock to a border guard, they assume that you're from India.

Wait, you're not saying India rock.

You're saying India rock.

No, like independent rock.

Okay.

But we're somewhere in the- You have some very confused border guards you seem to be talking to.

Yeah, I know.

It just seems that most of the people who ask us what kind of music we play are people that probably wouldn't ever have heard of us or like wouldn't be interested in what we're playing.

All right.

Well, it's kind of acoustic-y stuff.

You're going to be playing acoustic right now and you're going to be playing a few songs for us.

So what is the first one that you're going to play?

I'm going to do the title track off of this new album.

It's called Oh Fortune.

Fantastic.

Dan Mengen.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh fortune, bring fortune to spare Time is passing, and we're worsing for wear Paking for breathable air And oh my god, it's killing me Oh chances, oh forces of luck Feel, dare it, windows boarded And oh Lord, let those skies only clean up Hours that we've forsaken me Oh choices, bring voices resound Please be merry when I am buried in the ground Nice to have the kids around And oh my god, it's killing me Very nice.

Dan Mengen.

This is Comedy Bang Bang Bang.

That was beautiful.

All right, guys.

I'm sitting here with Sarah Silverman.

Nick had to walk out of the room for some weird reason in the middle of the song.

I thought it was rude.

I think he had to make a BM.

How are your BMs lately?

Mine?

Yeah, you know, we're all getting older.

Oh, oh, I actually don't do that.

I wish I did.

It's like I love when people talk about it.

I think it sounds so interesting and I love the idea that you can get everything out of your body.

But yeah.

What if I wanted to put something inside of your body?

Wait, who is this?

Bobby.

Oh, Bobby.

Hello, Sarah Silverman.

Hey, Bobby Brusch is back.

For those of you who don't know who this is, Bobby Brusch, a friend of the show.

My name is Bobby Robert Brusch aka Bobby B aka Bobby Bottle Service.

Right.

And you're called that because you go club.

I like to do bottle service.

I go to clubs.

I go by Bobby because it's more relatable, excuse me, that I'm covering my mouth when I speak to you, Sarah.

Why?

Because it's like I want to be that I'm very shy, but as well as like very confident.

Bobby, you've been on the show before.

Remind everyone where you're from and your life story.

Nah, but it's like, you know, as far as setting up who I am in a prerogative manner that could be made for you to understand who it is that I am as far as what I could be is like obvious to me.

Like I was born to be the person that I had become and I credit all due to like my mom.

He gets so moved by his, like his mom.

Yeah.

I don't know why you got to bring your mother.

I still have no idea.

Is she not still with us, Bobby?

No, she's like alive, rest in peace.

And that's like, I love her so dearly that I would cut off everybody's faces for her, which is something that I've thought about doing in moments of rage.

What gets you angry, Bobby B?

What is something that is very much angering to me is when people step to me, when people don't show respect, it's like no disrespect, but if you don't show me respect, I won't respect you in regards, you know?

So it's like, if you don't respect my mother.

What is it?

He gets so choked up over his mother.

And it's like, it's not, you know, you have to treat women well, especially when they're people who are your mother.

And then- He actually said it that time.

He actually got it out.

Congratulations, Bobby.

That's a big step for you.

It's okay.

Because what I had done is envision pounding in the face of someone I didn't like, like a chicken Milanese, as far as, you know, setting up a scenario that could bring me to be at peace with who I want to be, which is someone who I am currently becoming.

He's so well-spoken, or so much spoken.

Bobby, what does your mother do?

Does she, where, what state are you from, first of all?

I'm like from a state of like hysteria, ha, ha, ha, ha.

I leave the jokes in to you, okay, Sarah, some of your eyes sparkle, like sparkling wines.

Oh my God.

That's sexual attention.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No offense, but you have very beautiful big naturals.

Thank you.

No, it's very much my pleasure.

So I would wonder if they could be more on display on a regular basis, and that's something that is very forward of me to say, so as to accomplish what I want.

Anything to shut you up.

No, I'm just kidding.

I think you're very sexy.

I love Bobby.

What part of the country are you from?

Could I get an answer if I phrased it that way, or no?

No, it's like, it's like as my, as my like Twitter handle, AKA Bobby B says, it's like I'm from everywhere, ha, ha, ha, ha, LOL.

So you're kind of from New Jersey, I'm guessing.

But you feel like, I think he, he'd like people to not think that he's from like New York or New Jersey, but I think he's from Ohio.

Really?

Yeah.

No, it's like- This is like an affectation that he's seen from TV.

What if that were true?

But it's like, it doesn't matter like where you're from, it's like where you're going.

And for me, it's like obviously to the top as far as what it's to be.

Because you have aspirations, I don't know exactly what they are, but you want to become, I don't know whether it's famous or- As it is to be right now, it's obviously a number one is to be good at business, which is something that I am.

I'm very much interested in furthering my career as far as industrialist-ness goes.

And so that could be Sarah, as far as, I don't know if you have representation, but like as far as modeling goes.

But if you're interested in becoming- What kind of modeling are we talking about?

Whatever it could be, face modeling, hair modeling, body modeling.

It would be something calendars for cars, things like this, vacuum cleaners, whatever it is.

Do you have any kind of interest, Sarah, in any kind of modeling?

I have always wanted to be a model.

I- I think you and your sister could both be models.

I think you're close to- Yeah.

I mean, I think- Oh, sisters?

Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.

Yeah.

I think most people break into modeling when they are reaching 40, and so I'm pretty excited about it.

No, there's no way you're 40.

I'm going to put together a composite.

I was like, I was going to offer you a drink, but it didn't think to me that you would be 21 years old.

Oh my God, Bobby.

Bobby, who are your heroes?

Oh, okay.

Very much.

Obviously, A number one, Jamie Foxx.

Because he does it all.

He's like 360.

He's like the one- He's an entrepreneur.

He's an entrepreneur.

Because, you know, I mean, he could have just been a comedian, but no, he went into acting.

He went into singing.

He does it all.

He went into hosting clubs.

Yeah, he does it all.

All the cool things.

Like, do you have connections?

I'm very much connected in the jet ski rental world.

Really?

What's a- I haven't visited that world in quite a while.

What's happening there?

Also, very much a high stakes kind of place.

I rented the jet ski, no brags intended, to Sean Kingston.

You rented that one?

Oh, that was a terrible tragedy.

All due.

Yeah.

Like, he made it out.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

And it's like all praise.

So, but like, all due.

If you ever needed like access to a jet ski for one to two hour, nah, I could make that happen.

Anything longer than that, though, is- That would be something as far as negotiations go.

And that's like one of the things- Is that where you'd get power management involved?

Yeah.

We'll get power management involved.

And I have currently taken a number of audio books to understand the arts of negotiations.

Like, give us some of your styles here.

Like maybe you two want to pretend to be negotiating something, like Sarah.

Okay.

So, I'm the- I'm the- Who is Sarah here?

I'm like a studio.

You're like a Jewish executive or whoever that could be.

Who am I in this situation?

Am I just an observer, some kind of Watoo the Watcher or- I don't know what that reference is.

Maybe I'm some sort of like celestial force that's like looking down on the action and judging everyone or am I like a physical person?

The only celestial I know is a celestial seasoning, which is a delicious tea, which I give to my mother when she's sick.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I didn't mean to bring that up.

I'll tell you what.

I'll just be the Joe who's standing in the corner.

My favorite actor is Vinny Chase.

Okay.

I'm Vinny Chase and I'm standing in the corner.

And if you need me, I'll be here and I'm willing to play in the scene.

Very cool, bro.

All right.

So- Okay.

So, hello Jewish, Jewish Hollywood.

Oh, okay.

Very cool.

Happy's New Year.

Very cool.

Oh, like Bugsy Siegel.

Very much respect to him.

Mickey Collins.

Who is this?

Very much his respect to him.

Jerry Weintraub, Frank Sinatra's Manager.

Very much respect to him.

So, okay.

That's where you start is with a compliment.

May I ask who's calling?

Oh, okay.

This is Robert Bruscia.

Very much AKA Bobby B. Very much Bobby Bottle Service.

No pun intended.

Ha ha ha.

LOL.

Then you go for a joke.

You show them that you're fun and like hearted.

Okay.

So, as far as it could be to have someone like Sarva Silverman on your program, I would like to discuss this with you.

Um, I'm sorry.

We're not hiring anybody right now for our television show.

Oh, but that's very funny.

Very good jokes.

But as far as being honest with you, and I don't always be honest with them, is you say that, that's something you always say to them.

So, so you can make it clear when I'm talking to you because I don't understand what people are, how they're going to listen to this because it's not going to be on 97.1 amp radio and that's all I can do.

I think people get it when you're talking to me.

Okay, great.

Okay.

Back to the conversations.

By the way, I'm talking to you right now and he's, he's got a management firm that he's considering representing Sarah, by the way.

He's going to steal her.

He's going to steal Sarah from it.

Yeah.

And, uh, I have so much filled with rage that I will punch through a wall to show my anchor.

Yeah.

I just got off the phone with E and, uh, yeah, he says it's a done deal.

Sarah moved over there.

Him and Scott Khan have him.

Let me get Sarah on the phone.

Okay.

Let's get Sarah on the phone here.

Connecting.

Hello?

Okay.

Sarah Silverman.

Yeah.

Robert Bruecher, your manager.

Oh yeah.

Hi.

So, um, uh, first of all, oh, you sound beautiful over the phone.

Is it something I could maybe take you swimming with the dolphins?

Oh, so you have to make, always compliment girls.

Yeah.

I don't know about that.

I mean, I'm a little frustrated with how you're handling me.

You haven't gotten me anywhere.

Oh, you want me to handle you more?

Haha.

Okay.

Then be sexual so that they know that you're still, even though you work with them, that you're still sexually interested in them.

Robert, hold on, I'm going to call on the other line.

Boop.

Hey, Sarah, it's E.

E, hi.

Hey, we need you to sign these contracts.

Boop.

I can't wait.

Okay, Robert Bruecher.

Oh.

Enter the phone call.

How did you do that?

Cause he takes what he wants.

How did, how did, how?

How did you get onto the other line?

Because I control all telephones as far as working at a mobile phone station.

Hey, Sarah's with me now.

Not anymore.

What?

Sarah's mine.

Oh, no.

Cause I care about her.

Like I care about my mother and I love her so much.

I'm going to commit suicide.

Very cool.

Sarah, it looks like you're working with me again.

Back in business.

Taking you to the top.

Thanks for taking control.

That's what women want, is for you to take control at all times.

Even though they say they want to be an independence woman, they don't.

Girls like hotheads.

They want someone who's going to become filled with anger to the point of explosion to show that there's a masculine force in that, right?

So I do that and then I take control and then I tell you what to do and you appreciate it.

Yeah.

Rage is like the ultimate compliment.

Aphrodisiac.

Yeah.

Next to roofies, I use rage second most for as far as accomplishing women.

Yeah.

Wow.

This is like an amazing tutorial.

I can't believe I've learned so much in such a short amount of time.

Oh, bro.

I can't even tell you what I do next.

Yeah.

You be the head of a Hollywood studio.

Okay.

Here I go.

Come on in here, Mr. Brugia.

Okay.

If I recall, is it all right if I put my vintage Nikes up on a table?

Look at those.

Too late.

Already did it because I control this meeting.

See what I'm doing for you, Sarah?

What can I do for you?

I hear that one of your clients wants to be in one of my movies.

Yeah.

I'm going to pitch you a movie, obviously, as I have discussed with you previously, set up in a meeting before what it is that you want so when you go in there, you're ready for accomplishments.

Okay.

The Leah Romini story, as I pitched to you many times before, the perfect person to play this character could be none other than the very cool, very beautiful, very funny, very emotional, very cool Sarah Silverman.

I'm going to be honest with you, Mr. Brugia.

I'm very interested in this Leah Romini story.

It's got a lot of really interesting subtext to it.

I don't know what those words means.

All I understand is, do we have a deal?

The only unfortunate part is I'm really wondering why I can't just get Leah Romini herself.

Because after having speaking with her, who is someone also a client of mine, see what it is, is you control all aspects of the business, okay?

Leah has decided to stay on- Ring, ring, ring, ring.

Okay.

Hold on.

Leah's cell phones always have a number of cell phones because it's a sign of power.

Ring, ring, ring.

Yeah.

Okay.

Hold on.

Yeah.

What up?

It's Bobby B.

Bobby.

It's Leah.

Leah, you're staying at CBS.

Bobby, I heard they're doing a movie about my life.

I want to be in it like Joan Rivers was in that one movie.

All right.

You'll play Joan Rivers in it.

No puns intended.

Okay.

That sounds like a good deal to me.

Okay.

Very cool.

Quick.

So studio head.

I want to buy this movie, but I just, I need to fit Joan Rivers into it somehow and I have no idea how to do it.

Oh, okay.

Joan Rivers will be portrayed as Sarah Silverman.

Okay.

All right.

I think I have a deal.

We need 50 million up front.

I produce and do all of it and as well as I'm a director, as well as music, my DJ name is DJ Oriental Immigrant.

Why is that?

Because I lay down crazy tracks, which is something that I've said on this show before.

Yes.

Okay.

So if you need 50 million upfront, anything on the back end?

Oh, that's what I said.

That's what I said to she.

That was a thinker.

Yeah.

So yeah, I will have sex with her from behind.

Okay.

Well, on that note, why don't we adjourn this meeting?

Great.

So we have a deal.

Let's shake hands to show the woman.

Are we playing house?

The TV show house?

Wait, Sarah wants to play house?

That's the next show.

Sarah, whatever you want.

Sarah's, hey, studio head, movie's off.

Wait a minute.

I just gave you the $50 million.

Yeah.

We're taking an investment in Sarah's extension so that she could be on house with big luxurious hair, which is something nice.

Also, we're going to spray tang you like a carrot.

I want to up your beauty intake.

Even though putting... Bobby, are you all right?

I'm fine.

I could just cough with all my success.

Yeah, I know how that is.

Well, is that the end of our improv or are we still improving?

Meeting adjourned.

Gavel, gavel.

Oh, good meeting you.

Always carry a gavel with you to show that you're a judge.

Oh, that's good.

Wow, Bobby, that was a fascinating tour through your methodology.

No, but if you want to be learning more, I will be at the learning annex taking a class from Donald Trump next week.

I'm sorry.

All right.

Sarah needs to cough a little more.

Why don't we hear another song from- Oh, Sarah, I could give you something to coat your throat.

Ha ha ha.

Innuendo.

What's that?

Penis semen?

Ha ha.

You should be more like a lady.

Lady penis semen.

Oh, okay.

All right.

I'm getting it.

All right.

Irony is not something that I understand, so I appreciate the last thing you said.

Thank you.

Let's go to another song from Dan here.

Bobby, thank you so much for being on the show.

I really appreciate it.

No, but the pleasure was all mine.

It's great to see you and Sarah, you're going to stick around though, right?

Yeah.

I'm going to leave a number of business cards that have very difficult font to read.

And a lot of cross outs.

Yeah, exactly.

All right.

Thanks, Bobby.

All right, Bobby.

Cool.

All right, Dan, coming back on up here, what do you have for us now?

What is this song?

I've got another really happy ditty for you called Leaves, Trees, Forest.

Off the New Record?

This is Off the New Record.

Fantastic.

Go Fortune.

In my heart is a ghost and he drinks and he smokes and he keeps me awake all through the night my heart shakes so I live alone I drink beer by the phone and it keeps me alive I know there is hope but I can't look for it there are leaves in the trees there are trees in the forest there are leaves in the trees there are trees in the forest oh out in the woods out in the field it's a hard rain fall rust on the wheels of my ten speed but I ride in the lane in the lane is a wind and it keeps me sane in my head is a god but I can't speak for it there are leaves in the trees there are trees in the forest there are leaves in the trees there are trees in the forest there are leaves in the trees there are trees in the forest that's the trouble with everything everything always does that that's the thing about everything everything always does that there are leaves in the trees there are trees in the forest there are leaves in the trees there are trees in the forest there are leaves in the trees there are trees in the forest so I have Nick Kroll came back in the room welcome back oh thanks what happened where were you I was out just doing some charity work what who came through no one of any importance um Nick where are you going man oh I gotta go outside do more charity work okay he doesn't stop giving like when you see Nick if even if he comes over for like a stony swim in the summer he like takes a break towels off barely towels off yeah that's throws on flip flops he comes back 40 minutes later he had just like done charity work yeah it's amazing in his flip flops yeah never specific he doesn't get specific no never does I would love to hear specifically what he's doing but he only says charity work yeah uh what's that wheel wait who's this hello it's his it's Nick's old lady oh hey welcome to the welcome to the show Nick has talked about you yeah he was talking about his old lady you know how people say they have an old lady at home uh-huh I'm Nick's old lady my name is Irma and you live at Nick's house what's that will will is that what you said well are you calling me will oh okay yeah I live in I live in this home I have a corner in his home a corner that's all he gives me a corner does he feed you uh-huh corn wine wine wine he feeds me wine mm-hmm I drink wine in the whirlpool so you're allowed to go he loves her to go into his whirlpool hey guys I came back I just did some charity work but uh I'm back but oh oh you met Irma oh yeah Irma's here yeah wait his name is will too she calls me well Nick how are you two related are you related this is my old lady okay this is my old lady you know you just have an old lady that's right I'm not that old though how old are you my ex-husband was a whirling dervish well I don't think you know what that means where or maybe you do and you just have to explain it he's a man who believes in a Muslim Satan he runs and twirls around a Muslim what it's a Muslim sect with a whirling dervish it's what they were okay not the basketball player all right yeah no no no Irma do you want some water or something I would love something honey maybe a little just a little bit of brandy as opposed to gulping brandy oh baby I can't gulp I can't gulp that that brandy she actually has a you have a medical condition where you can't gulp right I cannot gulp anymore I have had three quarters of my of my larynx removed what happened to your esophagus we have it on the balcony you find that funny we keep it on the balcony it's in a jar hot days it sort of bubbles a little bit baby don't talk about my larynx like that so um but yeah it's um thank you for introducing yourself to you was she waiting in the car or something what happened here what she said she wanted to sit in the car I wanted to listen to my story what story are you listening to hon I gave her a you know I gave her some like I love you Beth Cooper no they hate no it's a James Patterson novel oh he's good I like those stories I like entry so I left her in there and I said are you gonna get hot and she said well well well you do a really good impression of her yeah I know wait do your impression and then Irma you talk I will do my I mean we spent a lot of time together so I can do her pretty well what's that we're what's that we're wow okay and Irma you say the same thing what's that we're yeah it does sound the same to me it sounds a little different to me you can obviously tell we spent a lot of time together at this point I can do her pretty well but so she I was like just stay in the car if you want and then of course what did she say well I got tired and want to be in the car it's so hot in there you didn't leave any brandy you see brandy I think would dehydrate you alcohol no no not for me it's very hydration Nick it's a woman's prerogative to change your mind that's my prerogative exactly Sarah you understand me I like your program Sarah maybe you could have Irma on your new television show or definitely can I be on your television are you an actress at all I like Wheel of Fortune my favorite show is Wheel of Fortune yeah you know they're not actors on there they're just regular people oh that Passe Jack he's handsome I do not like that Vanna White hmm why not she don't even turn those letters anymore she just press them I say I can press that but I look good I fuck Passe Jack smoke a little reefer with Passe Jack you'll fuck Passe Jack and smoke reefer I don't think that's in Vanna's job description at all it should be she making all that money I said I'll give that Passe Jack whatever he wanted I'll do whatever he need so I'd anyway yeah well she seems like a handful you know if you a lot of people you know this is audio so people can't don't know what Irma looks like we could describe her I think they get a pretty good idea how would you describe yeah what do you think you I want to have your eyes on me what do you think of me Sarah well she look she's a natural toe head and she is a skinny very slight woman yeah super skinny with like flaxen white blonde hair very pale skin and like I got them long fingers seven feet tall as well very tall very thin but a little hunch you can see a lot of giantess around yeah I am the countess of giants seems like you said countess to rhyme with giantess and then you missed an opportunity there all right guys why don't we take another break to have another song what do you say yes all right here we go okay Dan come back over here here we go ready for another one I'm ready I'm ready okay what do you got what do you hey I see you're putting your capo on yeah I've got my cape already that by the way is a technical term for something you put on your guitar yeah it's not a piece of clothing hopefully no laymen are listening to this because they would be confused by the lay person yeah so what's your next one this is a song called post-war blues post-war blues post-war blues all right Dan Mangan here we go let's start a war for the kids a purpose for which to unite make them some words they can mince what they don't know they won't mind find them a foe for the fight and stories to tell as they age then maybe time will decide which one's key and which one's fate there's the deepest sleep in my blood from which I am slowly coming to and every morning I wait for the news oh this is this is post-war blues make me a means to an end oh make me an ending in sight make me insightful again what I can't see I can't fight make me your fire to burn and burn all the letters that I wrote write me a list of concerns if we are at peace if we are at peace I want to know there's the deepest sleep in my blood from which I am slowly coming to and every morning I wait for the news oh this is this is post-war blues oh this is this is post-war blues wow very nice very nice okay so we have Nick Kroll here we have Sarah Silverman and it's time to play a little feature that we know as would you rather all right it's time to play would you rather we all know how this is played people send me would you rather scenarios on our Twitter which is CBBWYR and I will read them out loud to you guys you will ask me questions about either of the scenarios and then we'll take a vote and we'll assign points and that's pretty much how it is so let's go to our question today today's question is sent to us by led you see violet or Gregory violet is his real name and he asks Gregory asks would you rather have a significant other who speaks only in Led Zeppelin lyrics or involuntarily do the splits every time you see a cat what are the splits I have not opened the floor for questions I'm so sorry Nick I'm gonna have to dock you several points I'm gonna dock you 735 points are we allowed to say splits okay so let me read it one more time would you rather have a significant other who speaks only in Led Zeppelin lyrics or involuntarily do the splits every time you see a cat I'm opening the floor for questions Nick you have a question yeah what are the splits the splits are when you jump up in the air and then when you land your legs are akimbo and askew and at opposite ends of the spectrum in other words like a vertical one or like the horizontal like Rita Redner Vegas picture of kind exactly yeah comedian comedian of the year Rita Redner yeah unaccredited comedian of the year she was comedian of at least one year somewhere voted by someone yeah again not talking shit about her but her poster in in Vegas comedian of the year with nobody nobody has like specifically you like to see footnotes on a poster I don't know who said it like it like Keith David of you know robertmichael.com I love Keith's work on that website it's great you gotta catch up here you have your 735 points down does Sarah have a question no questions for Sarah I don't have a question I have I already know my answer please don't vote yet do you have any questions Nick I can it be Robert Plant or with can it be like solo with or with the honey drippers yeah or Jimmy Page with Diana Krall Jimmy Page wasn't with Diana Krall but for the sake of this yes it can be Jimmy Page with Diana Krall but not the honey drippers okay then I go with the splits yeah you voted early I'm gonna I'm afraid I'm gonna have to dock you and shit yeah never another 300 points you are down 1035 points at this point fine alright any other questions here I mean you guys don't have not asked a lot about the it's just such a no-brainer well what's a no-brainer about it for you at this point I mean I know exactly which one I'd pick but why would you why are you leaning towards one or the other because one sounds terrible and one sounds less terrible I mean how okay I have a question okay here we go how often are you seeing cats that is a great question and let's see that's how the game is played you see one a year you see one per year and and are it do you do you break any bones or pull any muscles or are you you are not good at the splits let's talk about that yeah yeah so you do it and you probably and you could break a leg or pull pull your groin or whatever you and then you ladies have down there the whole year to recuperate from that and then that's why you only see one cat per year is because the minute you get out of the hospital you walk outside the hospital is in an alley by the way where there's the exit to the hospital so the minute you walk outside you see another one and boom you're right back in okay and then you said it's your boyfriend says your yeah or significant other and do you have to can you break up with him no that's a great question no you can never break up with this person and this person is constantly walking around the house you know talking about coming from the land of the ice and the snow and you know from the midnight sun where the hot springs flow and so but you're not welcoming you to the jungle it's just so lonely what being with one person who loves you for the rest of your life being with one person who only speaks in quotes well he doesn't cut it out yeah he does speak on yeah that's in the question he only speaks in Led Zeppelin quotes yeah so you're constantly trying to figure out which one would be appropriate what about a hairless cat great question what about if you see the longest running show cats yes all the Rum Tum Tugger all of those actors anyone in a cat suit on Halloween if someone's in a sexy cat suit mm-hmm that counts as Starlet Express but they're all dressed as cats that's a great production that I want to talk to you a little later about getting off the ground yeah Irma's back I heard about that play I want to be part of that play well you want to act in it produce it I want to be a part of it okay I think we have a deal do you have a manager who is it oh I don't know power management I don't know if I want to deal with him necessarily every much two million dollars up front he's back two million up front for who Package, Sarah, Irma, Liam Ramini, all the big stars and Starlight Express yeah a comeback yeah do we have to I guess they updated it to roller blades it's not roller skates everything's now on ATVs and they're dressed as cats jet skis are getting in on this too that's see that's what power management does all dresses as angels ha ha ha ha all right I go I got outside my my sidekick is blowing up okay his that's his phone okay sorry all right so any other questions on either these scenarios no no god you're still not you're unsure or what well I mean I'm I am now a little bit unsure because basically you're you're between spending the rest of your life with an uncommunicative man or woman in your case but you can have other friends and like fill your life with other people yes of course and he can communicate with you sexually and physically in a way can he write notes yes that is a great question he can write notes to you yes he is our non lyrics he has he has one package of post-its post-it notes that you bought him at the start of your relationship and he's allowed to use he is only allowed to use that he's never allowed to buy another package so uses it kind of sparingly scotties it's sparingly yeah I mean he could cut him in half he could go Xerox him I'm Trump completely turned around really see this is why you play the game this is why you ask questions because it's the choice between that and spending 364 sometimes 365 days in the hospital depending on a leap year in the hospital and then undergoing painful splits but on the other hand you have a lot of drugs you have a lot of morphine you know you spend most of your life kind of high I'm ready to make a decision just to go home I guess what if there's a cat waiting at home who sings Led Zeppelin there all right let's close the floor with a physical lover all right let's close the floor for quite can I have one more question okay one more question actually this one's for Bobby okay okay but like what if a cat is a somewhat of another word for another piece of the female anatomy huh cuz then I would be doing splits all the time multiple times a day I get it yeah pussy did you get it Sarah sometimes women don't get things as fast as men's no I did get it I did get it like you're very smart once you told me you're very smart I want to protect you great question all right I'm closing the floor for questions we're gonna vote all right so Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Silverman how do you like to vote I'm I can't believe it I was so positive right off the top and I'm going the other way with the Led Zeppelin boyfriend Led Zeppelin boyfriend why is that because I don't want to be in the hospital all the time from my splits injuries I mean at least a life with an uncommunicative person is a lot but he can communicate with me a with his eyes be with at least 60 little small square pieces of paper mm-hmm and just general body language 60 there's 60 important things that are said he can draw on my back like you know how you like tickle like letters on a person's back hmm all right Nick or Bobby or Irma any of you guys how do you like to vote we all made a vote we all made a vote together oh you made a vote together yeah okay who wants to deliver it I will okay now let me do it I think it was very much I'm the best boss man here well they left they both just walked out of the room I think they're gonna fuck each other Wow have they ever fucked before Irma and Bobby yeah one time I came in and his head was just buried in her crotch what it smelled like he said it smelled like canned corn mm-hmm like sweet you know that like sweet smell yeah I would vote also for the Led Zeppelin lyrics really yeah because one you know you could probably come to some beautiful like you would begin to see the symbolism and what they were saying mm-hmm and two I hate cats so I don't want to see cats ever yeah so if if your girlfriend were to say to you if there's a bustle in your hedgerow don't be alarmed now maybe she's she or he is trying to say there's a fire yeah in the house and we should all get out or it's very much time to trim your pubic hairs hey Bobby you're back yeah I came back so much I finished with Irma it's cuz it's not difficult for me to please a woman very quickly Sarah how's that corn it's good cream corn squirts all right so let me tell you if the points here you both get you both guess correctly so you both get a point and unfortunately that means that the score is Sarah one and Nick you have negative 1300 or sorry negative 1034 I played my heart out yeah Sarah you're our winner what do I win congratulations thank you all right that's how you play would you rather congratulations to you thank you so much you know no one ever does that that's really nice well do you know why I'm congratulating why is that 10 million listeners how did you know that I was told you reached 10 million listeners listening to this I feel so bad I feel like I ruined it I'm gonna lose we're gonna lose listeners we're gonna feel like Irma lost you some listeners what's that what's that will I think you're getting us back some yeah that's right I'm gonna get all my friends at church to listen to this pause cast pause cast what's it called I think a pause cast is pretty much it yeah cuz you put everything on hold to listen to it all right guys it's time for our last thing it's time of course for plugs What's a part of memorial blasts, memorial blasts What's a part of memorial blasts, memorial blasts This is a time to drug earplugs This is a time to hug earplugs This is a time to shrug earplugs This is a time to plug earplugs Oh, that was nice!

How many songs have you written?

For this show?

Ever?

Oh, ever.

How do you write new songs?

Like, there's a limited amount.

I mean, you play music, it just blows me away.

A little blows me away.

Yeah, Dan, we'll ask you that a little later.

Ok.

Okay, that was, by the way, I want to credit him, that was Brett Maddox with the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs theme, and if you have a theme for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs section, go over to yourwolf.com and put it on the appropriate thread at our message board, and thank you very much, that was a really nice one.

That was great.

Was that a listener?

Yeah.

That's so good.

Yeah, that's fantastic.

So, let's do them upright, let's give them some good ones to justify that kind of effort, so guys, what do you have to plug?

I have the league coming out October 6th, Thursday at 10.30, following Always Sunny in Philadelphia on FX.

Great show.

Thank you.

No, no, no, it's Always Sunny.

Always Sunny is a great show.

The DVD for my Comedy Central special, Thank You Very Cool.

Great special.

Is out now, you can get it on Amazon, you can go to my website to get to it.

Streaming anywhere?

It's not streaming on iTunes yet, but it's going to be on Netflix, and it's Nick Kroll, Thank You Very Cool.

You can see Nick doing characters and stand-up.

A lot of the characters developed right here on the Comedy Bang Bang show.

Yeah, you'll see, I mean, you don't do any characters on this show.

No, but characters appear there.

Yeah.

And they all have really big lips.

And then I do a monthly show at Largo.

Cock sucking lips.

Yeah, big DSLs, as Chelsea Credit calls it.

Oh my, yeah.

Dig sucking lips.

I have a monthly show at Largo, Nick Kroll and Friends, last Tuesday of every month.

Great, go see all those.

Sarah, what do you have?

Well, looking at my little calendar here.

I'm at that Meltdown show Wednesday, October 5th.

So this Wednesday.

Go see her at Meltdown in LA.

Yep, and what's that?

There was something else.

On the 20th, I get Sarah and Friends at Largo.

I don't know when Bored to Death starts, but I'm in an episode of that.

Is that fun?

I'm really scraping.

Yeah, it was super fun.

Oh my god.

And then you're developing your show for NBC, but we can't really talk about that yet because it's still being written.

Yeah, no, you guys can trust.

I've got plenty going on.

I've got Brett Gellman's birthday party on the 8th.

Wait, I wasn't invited to that.

What?

No.

Let's go.

Oh, I've got another one, Scary Movie Interruption on the 24th at the silent movie theater.

That'll be fun.

I'll also be at that.

That'll be fun.

Do you know what movie it is yet?

No, I gave Doug some choices.

That's Doug Benson's Interruption.

That's over at Santa Family.

And I want to plug Analyze Fish.

I want to plug that.

That is over, you can get that at EarWolf.com or on iTunes in the EarWolf Presents.

Man, I have to tell all my friends from high school about that show.

They would like it.

They will love it.

A lot of Fish fans listen to it.

We talk about that on this episode.

A lot of Fish fans listen to the show and are very upset with Harris.

Really?

Yeah.

With the saying he didn't do a good enough job.

So Harris addresses that in this one.

But the concept of the show, if you haven't heard me talk about it, is Harris Whittles, writer for Parks and Rec and Sarah Show, loves the band Fish.

I do not like the band Fish.

He tries to convince me to like the band Fish.

And if he does it by the end of the episode, then the series is canceled and that's it.

Let me just give you a spoiler.

He does not do it by the end of the episode.

So it's continuing on.

And I talk about our future plans for the show.

I'm going to do something crazy with him.

So go ahead and download that.

EarWolf Presents, Analyze Fish.

Let's talk to Dan here and get his plugs.

What do you have to plug here, sir?

Obviously the record, Oh Fortune, comes out.

I really love this record.

Thank you so much.

And you're playing acoustic here right now, but the whole record actually has a lot of instruments in it.

We've got a whole band napping at the hotel right now.

This record, more than any other record I've done, is a very collaborative kind of bandy record.

I was kind of set nicely in the singer-songwriter box for a lot of years and this is me kind of breaking out of that box, man.

Breaking out of the box.

So yeah, that's a great record.

It came out.

It's everywhere.

iTunes, Amazon, I would imagine.

Even some record shops, probably.

The ones that still exist.

And you're on tour too, which is why we were able to have you here.

Yeah, exactly.

We're kind of making a big sweep through the states.

We're doing a bunch of gigs with a band from Portland called Blind Pilot and then we are heading east to Texas.

Yeah, I think this week I noticed you're like in Arizona and Texas-y and places like that and then going even Easter or more east and more east.

Yeah, we're wandering all over these United States.

And you can check that out, dates on danmangen.com, I would imagine.

Danmangenmusic.com.

So danmangenmusic.com is where you want to go and thank you so much for being here.

Oh, it's really my pleasure.

Thank you so much.

And guys, that's it.

Thank you so much for coming in.

I really appreciate it.

Yay!

You shall die in the fires.

Everybody's gonna die and go to heaven.

Let's hear another song from Dan.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye-bye.

I thought the suits had come for me, found alternatives to honesty.

And so we're bought and so patented and out of reach, so I reach but it hurts, it kills, it screams and it fills my heart with chills and I take my pills but I'm still tired of sleeping with the light on and if it keeps the hair out of my eyes pack it up and send it home for just one stab at the good life, that's enough that I'm sold.

So I give up all my wretched thoughts, left them out for the less fortunate, now at the gate I'll skip the queue, life's not living unless you're sure to make it through but now it hurts, it kills, it screams and it fills my heart with chills and I take my pills but I'm still tired of sleeping with the light on.

And if it keeps the hair out of my eyes, pack it up and send it home for just one stab at the good life, that's enough that I'm sold, Lord I'm sold.

Go and pack me up I'm sold, go and pack me up I'm sold, go and pack me up I'm sold.

This has been an Earwulf Media Production, executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information visit Earwulf.com.

Earwulfradio.com.

The world's dead.
