---
layout: page
title: 126. Jon Hamm,Paul F. Tompkins,Nick Lowe [8765⧸21009].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Are you breathless in anticipation, waiting for your favorite AMC show to start?

Well, Walking Dead is gonna be on in a couple of weeks, but meanwhile we have John Hamm here on the program, all show, plus we have a visit from one of our old friends, and let me tell you, I could not be more excited, one of my favorite musicians, Nick Lowe, the legend Nick Lowe is here playing in-studio. All of that and more, all on today's...

Merciful Percival, now I am in a pickle. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. That is of course a catchphrase submitted by Steve Hennell sent that in. If you have a catchphrase, go ahead and head on over to earwolf.com to our message boards and put it in the appropriate thread. Merciful Percival, now I am in a pickle. Not bad, not bad at all. Not great, not bad. Before we get going here, I do want to mention that our September Rocktoberfest, our music fest here, is coming to an end this week. We've had some great musical guests on the show for the past five weeks, Yola Tango, Matthew Sweet, The Bangles, and Dan Mangan, of course, and this one may top them all.

One of my favorite musicians of all time, I love all of his work. You know him as the writer of such iconic songs as Cruel to Be Kind and What's So Funny About Peace, Love, and Understanding.

His new album, The Old Magic, is in stores now. Nick Lowe is here in the studio. Come on over here, say hello, Nick. Hello there. Welcome. Hello, here I am. Thank you so much for being here, Nick.

It's a pleasure. And you'll be playing some songs for us during the show and also speaking about the new album and the new tour, right? A little bit later, so thank you so much for being here.

Welcome to the show. I am, of course, Hot Saucerman, aka The Hawk, and we have a very special guest sitting here in front of me, an old friend of mine who's wearing a really nice watch.

Shirt's not bad, can't see his pants, look like jeans. He's standing up, giving me the full view.

What do we call those, 501s? Yeah, sure, 501s. Is it 501 already? It is 501 drinking time.

Fantastic, Friday. He's wearing his Mad Men haircut because he's currently shooting, and let me tell you who he is. His name's Jon Hamm. Hello. To all the ships at sea.

And they're out there. In radio land. Welcome, my friend. It's great to have you back. You haven't been here with a new theme song. I have not, and with that kind of theme song, it can only promise to be a fantastic show, a classic. A classic. A classic comedy bang bang.

Right? Let's try to make a classic today. Let's really put our best foot forward here.

I generally try to do that with everything I do. I try to make it an instant classic.

That is true. One of the great oxymorons of all time. You haven't been on in a while. You were here earlier in the year, but you haven't been on a while. Not in the new digs either.

Yeah, yeah. We're in the new studio. No more plane breaks, unfortunately. But yeah, I'm trying to think of, I mean, obviously you and I have caught up since then, but I'm trying to think what the listener may be wondering about you. What's gone on? Is that what you're saying?

Yeah. What's been going on? As Marvin Gaye once questioned. Did he phrase it that way?

What's been going on? I think you're right. Now that you sing it, I think I hear it.

What has, I'm sorry, I forgot it has. What has been going on?

Marvin Gaye was nothing if not a grammatical perfectionist. He would use the Plue Perfect like no one's business. I have no idea if that's correct.

I don't know. I don't think I've ever even heard that. So.

The Plue Perfect? The Plue Perfect, yes. Of course, we all know I did not go to college. Yet.

Yet? No, I actually, I'm thinking of going back.

See? Have you ever, did you graduate?

I did. Where did you go? University of Missouri.

Missouri, actually. That's the first thing they teach you is Missouri.

Nope, there's an I, not a UH. I'm pretty sure I know that much.

And you graduated four years? Four years, I did. I went to three colleges in four years, but I graduated on time and under budget, I might add. Hello.

10 million under. I went to, I think I went to four colleges.

I actually did go to college technically, but acting school and then two years of junior college.

So I think I went to four or five in my. Well, then you win.

Brief career. Four or five beats me.

I never graduated though. For what?

There's so much I don't know. You know who else didn't graduate?

Bill Gates. I thought you were going to say Cosby. Cosby.

He's a doctor. He's a doctor. Fake doctor.

That's right. He is a fake doctor, isn't he? Fake doctor, not fair.

There should be a different word or a different spelling if you get it fake.

I think that dude played a real doctor on the Cosby show to try to trick us into thinking he was an actual doctor. Or to try to trick Temple into giving him a fake scholarship. Yeah.

A fake diploma. Degree, fake doctorate, right?

That's, you see, it's just one in a series of reasons to hate Bill Cosby.

I mean, I could go on. Yeah, let's go, let's.

Should we? Yeah, why not? Here we go.

First of all, giving chocolate cake to his kids for breakfast.

Horrible. Not nutritional.

Horrible parenting. I say we get social services in there.

Something. How about titling your album himself?

Yeah. Selfish much?

That's about, that's the end of the list though.

Oh, it probably is the end of the list. It's not a very good place.

Also, you know what else? He likes track and field.

Ah, yeah. Sorry, that's just not American.

Yo, what kind of sports do you like? You like football, I know.

I like football, I like baseball. Me, me, me, me.

My, my, my, my. Who you like in the series?

Bear in mind, this is October 3rd. Is it really?

Yes. Well, then I think I gotta go with McCardinals. The McCardinals.

McCardinals. M-C-C-A-R-D-I-N-L-A-S.

So you think they're going all the way. All the way.

Okay. Albert Pujols.

Is that like a Plu, whatever it was? Albert Plu Perfect Holes.

Where were we? Yes. So what has been going on?

What has been going on? You were immersed, if that's a word.

Sure. In waiting for Mad Men to come back.

Now you're back, you got the haircut. Back. I directed an episode of Mad Men this year.

Not only an episode, but the episode, which starts.

The episode that everyone's talking about.

Which starts the fifth, is it the fifth season or fourth?

Well, it's the, I'll put it this way. This might be a little scoop.

Okay. It's the first episode we shot.

I'm sorry. I just.

That was, you took all the air out of the room there.

Literally made me pass out for a hot second. It was the first one we shot.

Oh, but it's. I will leave it, I will leave it there. But, but it was fun. It was, it was enlightening.

We actually shot it in lightning. It was amazing. It looks really.

Yeah. I mean, you can't buy those kinds of special effects.

No, no, no. We got really lucky. We caught it in a bottle.

Wait for it. Okay. It's done.

I got it. Yeah. So how many are you doing this year? You're doing about 20.

13. Just 13 this year. This will be, what is the pen ultimate to the pen ultimate?

The second to last season? No, it's the third to last season.

Okay. So you've got three more seasons left to go.

We have three more, two more plus this one. So it's the blue pen ultimate.

And, and it's, we're about, oh man, by this point, this time, this deep in October, we're almost halfway through. This deep, three days deep.

Three days deep in October. Wait, what day, what day is this?

This is October 10th. Oh, sorry.

Did I say October 3rd? Did I say October 3rd?

This is October 10th. Yeah, we're even further along.

Wow. Yeah, this deep, 10 deep.

Crisp outside, isn't it? All right. So you, so Mad Men, you have three more seasons to go, which seems to me be like 39 episodes.

That's about 39 episodes. And this last year, by the way, one of the greatest achievements in television, I think, you had a great arc on it and an amazing, I mean, just wrestling with the alcoholism. I tell you, I did not expect, I'm sure this gets brought up a lot to you, but I did not expect in the first couple of seasons of the show for Don Draper to be dealing with his alcoholism to that degree.

I kind of always expected it to be, you know how TV shows don't change that much?

And Don Draper's kind of a lovable guy who drinks during that.

A lovable rogue. Yeah. And all of a sudden in the fourth season, spoiler alert, he's dealing with it in a really realistic way. And it was fascinating.

Well, I think Matt Weiner, who creates the show, has always sort of stuck by the idea that people, you know, while their characters may not change, that their circumstances certainly change, as one does in life. And so you see, you know, Don and Betty's marriage completely fall apart.

And you see how that affects their kids. And you see how the drinking escalates in order to sort of medicate yourself from that, having to deal with that or the emotions involved with that.

And what toll that takes on your life, your professional career, your relationships and everything else. So it was a really fun season, hard season, but fun season to work on because it felt very different than a lot of shows maybe just sort of glossing over all that stuff.

And your work in it was fantastic. And I know you were not awarded with the personal Emmy.

The show was, of course, awarded the Emmy this year.

The personal Emmy is interesting because it's much smaller. It's like a personal pan pizza.

It really is. It's a little tiny.

It's cut into four slices.

And you can give three of your friends, you can share it.

You know, as much as I love Coach Taylor, I love Coach Taylor from Friday Night Lights, but I really, I felt like you guys should have been co-champions this year.

I wouldn't have minded that. Kyle's actually a buddy of mine. We did a movie together and he's an incredible, nice guy. And his work on that show is phenomenal.

For that show to get recognized is fantastic.

Yeah. That show has been kind of criminally overlooked for too long. And Jen and I are rewatching the final season. We're actually right in the middle of it. And it's so good.

Yeah.

The show's got so much heart and has like, it's very real and it's interesting and it's an underdog in many ways. So it was kind of amazing to see not only Kyle, but also Jason be recognized. It was really nice.

I mean, it's nice and all and it's great and all, but like, yeah, I just, you know, it's like, then you got Breaking Bad the other years and it's nice to see. I mean, he does amazing work too, but come on, Hammy, you were amazing this year.

Well, you know, that's nice to hear you say that.

Thank you.

You are. You have the Emmy in my heart, if that makes any sense at all.

The heart Emmy. The best guy.

So what's going on with Don this year? Does he die? Does he...

Oh yeah, I should probably start the whole interview by saying, yeah, well, this year is the season that Don dies, but not before some pretty crazy stuff happens.

Some hijinks?

Some hijinks. First of all, we teased it a little in season four, but Don this year joins the Playboy Club.

Oh boy, I cannot wait.

It's really going to be cool. And I don't want to give too much away, but we might see Don in a very recognizable blue stewardess uniform.

What?

I'm not saying anything.

He's taking a trip through the friendly skies.

I'm not saying... I don't think I'm giving anything away.

No, I don't think you are at all.

But yeah, there's some pretty interesting things that are happening.

I mean, I know you're using humor to make light of a situation, but what do you think about those shows? Did you watch Playboy, by the way, Playboy Club?

I did not see it, but I know the director of the pilot episode is a guy named Alan Taylor, who actually directed our pilot, as well as three or four other ones.

Traitor.

And I think, look, if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then we're tremendously flattered. So it's nice.

I never bought that.

I don't know. I haven't seen either one of them.

I don't know. I haven't seen either one of the shows, but it does suggest that our show has had some sort of cultural ripple.

But you know it had a cultural ripple before this. Come on, what are these guys doing?

Listen, I can spot a cultural ripple a mile off. I am a connoisseur of ripple, heretofore unseen since Fred Sanford. Deep.

What are these con men doing, these grifters?

I think they're writing... They're trying to write a show that maybe appeals to...

To people who are interested in this time period.

Yeah, and a little whiter audience. And by whiter, I mean whiter.

And...

I tell you, though, that guy in the Playboy Club, man, he's like doing an impression of you.

I...

The one with the bunny ears and the little tail?

Oh, yeah. That's what I mean. That's going to be season five.

You should all tune in. Please tune in.

And you... Did you host us in Nell for the third time since we last saw you?

Yes.

I feel like you did.

Yes.

And do you have any...

No, not since we last spoke.

Oh, okay.

When did you do it?

Last was October of last year.

The Halloween episode.

And when are you doing it this year? Do you know? Do you have a date locked in?

I don't. I don't. But I did have a little voiceover on the season premiere.

Season premiere. Sharp Ear listeners could have heard that.

Absolutely.

But you... So you don't know exactly when you're doing it, but I imagine you're going to come back every year.

One can only hope.

Every season, at least.

It's certainly not up to me, but a lot of friends over there, and it's an amazing time, and unlike any other sort of experience.

You're very politic today.

When am I not? Well, that's not answered that.

Come on, give me some scoop here.

How do you rate your SNLs just personally? Like your...

No, I don't mean...

I give them a strong 10 share. They're really surging in the demographic, which is great.

I don't mean rate them as far as grading your performance on them. I just mean your experience on them. What was most fun for you?

Well, I started to say it was a little... There's nothing like it really, other than maybe...

This show.

Going... Other than maybe a podcast.

Other than maybe going up and doing a live show, because you're essentially doing a live show.

I think it is live.

It's fully live.

Really?

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, except for the digital shards. Totally not live.

TNL.

TNL. SNL, TNL.

But the first time...

It's time for TNL during SNL.

The first time I hosted was a completely out of body experience. It was terrifying.

And then the second time you have something that you...

You have to live up to.

An established bar that you have to either exceed or not.

And then the third time was really fun, because then they really invited me to do a lot more stuff, whether it was the digital short or come do this weird singing thing or other... Just more stuff.

Which one did you do Sergio on? Was that the third one?

I believe that was the second.

That was the second one. And you've seen there's been parodies of that on YouTube videos.

Yeah, I know. The one guy that does it live is hilarious.

And I heard that NBC is making a sitcom out of him.

I did not hear that.

It's going to air right after the Playboy Club.

Great. Well, listen, I'm all for cross-platforming.

Is that what you call it?

Well, that's one way to put it.

I dropped something and I'm trying desperately to get it while you...

The thread of the conversation.

What? Cover for me for a second. Go.

Anywho. He literally dropped it.

Cover, I'm back.

Okay, good.

Oh, Johnny. Okay, so artistically, what would you say is the best?

Which one do you think you did the best in?

I would say the second.

The second one. Great. And what was in that one?

That was Sergio.

I believe I was in the audience for that one.

Although you were, in fact. I think it would be a combination.

I've done two Halloween episodes, which were very fun.

And the third one we were going to have, but it got cut for time.

We had it in the dress and it was amazing.

And the third one we were going to have, Will Forte, who by that time was off the show, come back and reprise his character of the sex offender Halloween trick or treat.

Oh, yes.

And literally while I was changing in the back and putting my orange sweater on or whatever my costume was, somebody came in and said, we can't wear out of time.

And I was like, oh man, and Will was there and we did it and it killed in dress and it was really fun and it would have been a really fun thing.

Do you have a sketch you wish they would have cut in order to get that in?

I don't know. But also that, maybe it's the third. I don't know.

The third one had a very funny sketch with me and Kristin.

That was a weird audition sketch that was sort of absurd that I really liked.

Right, right, right, right. Ah, that's so fun.

You've gotten to do something that very few people get to do.

It is a relatively exclusive club.

It's one of the few things I have in common.

It's like a playboy club.

With Jason Priestley.

And Jason Alexander.

And Jason Alexander and Jason Robards.

Early, early in the, early.

Jason Patrick.

Jason and the Argonauts.

Jason Statham.

Alright John, well we're going to be talking to you all show.

I do want to get to our musical guest though, Nick Lowe. I'm very excited by this.

I am very excited. He's a legend.

I have every single song he's ever recorded.

Pure pop. For now people.

Yeah. The Jesus of cool himself.

He literally is a hit machine.

Literally. Yeah, he is a machine, literally.

That makes hits.

Yeah.

Or that hits. Which one is it?

It makes hits.

And if you get too close, you get hit.

Let's go over to him. Nick, are you ready?

Come on over here to the mic.

Switch places with John over here.

Here I am.

Welcome. So the new album, The Old Magic.

Yep.

And it came out a few weeks ago.

Yeah, a few weeks, yeah.

I was noticing that this is your first record.

It doesn't end there.

And that would be a weird question if I ended it there.

Now, this is your first record where there is not a picture of you on the cover.

No, a few people have remarked about that.

I didn't think there was going to be anything to sort of remark about really.

I thought it was a really good idea.

There's a good looking dame with a couple of getaway sticks on the cover.

Yeah, getaway sticks.

Yeah, I'll tell her you said that.

Oh, was it?

She'll be very pleased. Well, she's a friend of my missus's.

My wife likes dancing.

She goes dancing at this club in London called The Hundred Club, where on Monday nights they have a sort of Lindy Hop night and rock and roll jive.

Wow, people are still doing the Lindy Hop.

Yes, for fun.

And Natasha is one of her friends from down there.

And she's got that sort of slightly retro look, so we thought it might be fun to have her on the cover.

Well, the new record is fantastic.

I've been listening to it ever since I got it.

And you're going to do some songs for us here.

What is the first one?

Is this off the new record?

Yeah, I will if you don't mind.

I'll do this one.

This is actually the first track on the record.

It's a song called Stop Like Roses.

Love this one.

Nick Lowe.

You've practiced and rehearsed it, but in your heart you know it's too late.

Experience should tell you, never get your story too straight.

And you'd better steal yourself and prepare for some blues to descend.

Cause you've broken something this time, stop like roses can't mend.

You've dusted off your shame face in the mirror, behind the bathroom door.

That little boy lost look that used to work so well doesn't anymore.

If you believe you're same old used to be, we'll see you through.

You'll last about as long as stop like roses do.

Stop like roses in their sad array.

Love's promise in the cellophane lays, or dead give away.

You'll need time to devise a stylish plan.

And you'll do it driving over to the stop like roses mend.

If you believe you're same old used to be, we'll see you through.

You'll last about as long as stop like roses do.

All right, well, we have John Hamm here, of course, from, you know him from Mad Men and- Providence.

Providence, of course.

What about Brian?

The Help.

And- The Debt.

The Debt, of course.

The Firm.

You doing another one of those, The Town sequels?

The Town.

You doing another The Town?

The Town 2.

Where else could those guys go?

Well, you know where they could go.

They could search for Curly's Gold.

That's true. It's still out there, right?

They certainly didn't find it in city slickers.

I think every movie for a sequel should go search for that for a little while, at least part of the plot.

At least until it's found.

It's free gold, Hollywood.

It's sitting out there.

You'd think you'd get my money.

By the way, speaking of Hollywood, John, we have another guest on the show, and I wonder if you've ever worked with him.

Have you ever done a movie with our next guest?

I have not, although I'm a huge fan of his work.

As am I.

Why don't we introduce him here?

You know him as the creator of several beloved television shows such as...

That's right!

Happy Days, Laverne and Shirley, Joni Loves Chachi, To Name But A Few, Beverly Hills 90210?

No, that was the other guy.

That was Aaron Spelling.

May he rest in peace.

I think he's dead.

Yeah, I'm pretty sure he is.

And also, he's directed his share of movies, and when you say his share, that means a lot.

And by movies, I mean Frankie and Johnny.

Valentine's Day.

Valentine's Day, Pretty Woman, New Year's Eve, all of the above and more.

Please welcome Gary Marshall to the show.

Thank you, Scott.

Thank you so much.

You certainly know a lot about my resume.

It's heartening to hear.

Well, you know, your work has really impacted me.

Hold on a second.

Be quiet.

I got a bone to pick with this guy.

No offense, John.

You're a terrific actor.

I think what you do is tremendous.

You smoke, you yell, and then you fall down, and everybody's like, this guy, he's a mess, but I still like him.

Where do you get off doing multiple years of 60s television without ever bringing me in to direct a single episode?

I think I have.

Shut up!

No one has directed more 60s television than I have.

Well, when we say 60s, I thought Happy Days was in the 50s.

It started in the 50s.

It goes into the 60s.

We start before the 70s, out of respect, for the wardrobe department.

Yeah, it's a very good call.

At the same time, Laverne and Shirley, they're in the 60s.

They're going off into California.

They're having adventures.

I think they joined the cult one season, and barely escaped, but it's skin in their teeth.

And then, I don't know, Bulk and Mid-D, what happened then?

Well, that was in the 80s.

The 80s.

Didn't he time travel at some point?

Well, he time traveled back to the 60s, I guess it would be, for Happy Days for the crossover.

It was a backdoor pilot, but I think in the series proper, there was an episode, at least, where we did a crossover with the Happy Days gang, and everybody got reunited.

Speaking of crossovers, though, we've talked about this on the program before, John.

Don't you think that Fonzie should show up in Mad Men?

I think it would be great.

It's inevitable!

I think it would be great.

And by the way, if I just may apologize, because there's no disrespect intended to you, or your talent, or career.

I have a feeling, though, does this have anything to do with me turning down New Year's Day?

I wasn't crazy about that decision, I understand.

You got things that you want to do, it's all right.

What part were you up for, John?

I was up for the part, I think you made a wise recast, or a wise re-offer.

Paul Giamatti ended up taking it.

That's right.

And that's the guy who sits on the couch watching bowl games the entire movie, right?

Bowl games, yeah.

Because it's New Year's Day!

It's New Year's Day, there's a lot of football on.

And I want to say this, I enjoyed the script, and I enjoyed your previous outing Valentine's Day very much, but I was unfortunately unavailable.

That's good enough for me.

All I ask is that you apologize to me on a recording.

I'm an easy guy!

That's all it takes for me.

Done and done.

But you know, John, there is another opportunity for you to get involved with Mr. Marshall's franchises.

That's right, you're not off the hook that easy.

Because from what I hear, you're directing a new movie regarding another holiday.

Listen, these holiday movies, they're doing very well.

Valentine's Day, Smash Hit, New Year's Eve, it's going to be a Smash Hit, because it's basically Valentine's Day, but it's a different holiday.

And ticket prices have raised, so it'll probably make a little more money than Valentine's Day.

They have raised, they have risen, there's many ways to say it, one of them is correct.

So, I'm going gangbusters with this holiday stuff.

I got a new movie coming out, it's called Halloween.

It takes place on Halloween, it's a bunch of people going to a costume party, all different walks of life, there's even a black couple, and they're going to have a love and adventure, they're going to get into arguments, but at the end, everybody comes together and it's nice.

Let me ask you, is there any kind of a masked murderer in this movie?

No murder in this one, there's only love.

So some people are dressed as murderers, famous cinematic murderers, maybe there's a Norman Bates or Mike Myers maybe?

Yeah, he killed people, right?

Yeah, in a pretty famous movie.

So wait, is the star of the movie wearing a Mike Myers outfit?

Austin Powers guy?

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, Michael Myers, Michael Myers.

No, no, no, no, no. Nobody's dressed as a... Maybe they are, I don't know. Look, I'm working on this movie right now.

Wait, wait, wait. Is the lead of your movie, does he have a mask, a William Shatner mask that's been painted white by any chance?

That's very specific. I don't know if there's a William Shatner mask, what color was painted.

Nobody is disguised as William Shatner.

Okay, but because in the... I hate to tell you this, but there's an original movie called Halloween, John Carpenter made, where John Carpenter, he directed a lot of...

If you can't think of the name, then don't even bother. That narrows it down, John Carpenter, he directed The Thing. Hey, do you know this director? He put out Who's He Whatsy.

But he directed a very famous movie called Halloween where killer Michael Myers wore a William Shatner mask painted white.

It was a series of films.

Do you know how many movies over the course of cinema history were named Lords of Arabia?

Just one.

I bet there was another one. My point still stands. Listen, it doesn't matter. People are going to know this is a love story Halloween. It's not about murderers.

Can I throw a suggestion out there that might...

Go ahead, I'm very collaborational.

Could you maybe title it Love Actually Halloween?

Love Actually Halloween.

That one.

Okay.

That's the read.

Okay.

I think that'll clarify it.

Go ahead.

I know for a fact there's never been a movie that has the words love and actually in it.

So I think that will really...

There we go. Done and done, taken care of.

Now that's a script I'd be a part of.

Oh, well guess what? I'm working on the movie. We're in pre-production right now and the movie's going to be out this coming Halloween.

You're going to shoot it over the next two weeks?

Yeah, that's in 21 days.

That's right, probably more like a week and a half because we've got to do post and...

But we're cutting corners in a lot of ways.

The quality will show through, I'm sure.

Well, here's the thing. We've got a principal cast. It's going to be all stars like all of my movies now. But because everyone is wearing masks, we only shoot one day with the people without the masks on and then it doubles. The rest is done in ADR. So it's just like people in masks where the mouths don't move and then we get somebody in the recording booth. They put a tissue paper, a handkerchief over the microphone like, I love you. I love you. Let's get married. I love you.

Who are some of the stars by the way?

Thanks for taking out that tissue paper by the way.

That was nice.

We're going to have, of course, Julia Roberts, my old pretty woman.

She's not the old pretty woman, by the way.

She's playing out. She's playing next to the characters, the same character except now she's old.

Wait, is she wearing...

Old prostitute.

Is she wearing a mask to be the pretty woman?

She's going to have age makeup and the mask on.

Okay, that checks out. That makes a lot of sense.

Yeah, so she's actually older. The character's older than Julia Roberts is now.

Okay, so she's old woman.

That's a brave choice actually for someone like Julia Roberts.

It's set in the future.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Wait, why does it have to be...

It's 10 years in the future.

Why does it have to be set in the future if she's wearing a mask? She could just be playing a pretty woman. I don't understand the concept of this at all.

Because I respect the screenwriting.

I have a feeling it has something to do with CGI.

What else happens that would tell you that it's set in the future? Are there lasers?

Are there...

There's just screens everywhere.

Really? Just...

Screens? Wow.

Everything's got a screen on it. It's the future. That's what it's like.

That's what you think the dystopian future will be like, is just screens everywhere.

Hey, who says it's dystopian? Everybody likes screens. You see these people, they're walking around, they're looking at the phones all day. Nobody sees a bird anymore. Nobody looks at a cloud.

When was the last time you looked at a cloud, Jon?

Just today.

Really? How was it?

Beautiful clouds in the sky today.

It's worth it. It's worth it. Take a look. Put down your screens, America.

Put down your screens, America. Oh, we said the same thing.

Oh, sorry, Jinx.

That's all right.

So who else is in this movie? You got Julia Roberts, your old pretty woman.

Julia Roberts, that's right.

Jon Hamm, of course.

Sure.

Fingers crossed.

What do you think Jon should play in this?

I think you should play the guy who works at the Halloween Superstore and he's got a crush on the UPS gal who comes in and she delivers the plastic masks and the candy corn.

You know who would be perfect for that role? Who's that?

Emma Stone.

Oh, she's in everything now. I love her.

She's plucky. You could legitimately buy her as a UPS delivery gal.

Plus she's used to time travel in movies because in that movie The Help, she plays a time traveler who goes back in time and acts all modern.

I happen to know she is not 75 years old.

That is true.

So if she was really in the 50s, she would have to be that old. Now, I think that that's a perfect bit of casting.

There we go.

So Emma Stone and she plays the sassy UPS person who delivers masks, just a big box.

And candy corn.

Perfect tie in because she does masks. Jim Carrey is in love with her. Jim Carrey played the mask.

And Stultz also.

Let's throw him in there.

Bring him in.

Let's get a mask.

All of them in.

You can't have too many masks.

You never can.

I just got it.

We'll get Antonio Banderas from the Mask of the World.

Oh, no. Hold on a second. I got to save a role for Hector Elizondo.

Okay. No other Hispanics.

Here's my good luck charm.

Fair enough.

Yeah. He gets, he's touchy about it. You know, he sees another Latin guy. He's like, what, are we having a bull fight? What's going on?

What is this, Death Watch?

You think I've got one foot out the door?

I don't know what that is.

Meaning he's going to die soon and you're making plans.

Oh, I'm replacing him.

Yeah.

I got a new younger model of the Latin man.

I have it on very good authority that Elizondo has never been healthier.

That is true. Yeah. We did hear that earlier in the show.

Strong as a bull.

So let me ask you a very important question about this movie.

Sure.

Could the masks be packed with the candy corn? Otherwise, you know, there's a lot of wasteful styrofoam and you know, I just think it's- It's the health department, you know, because I don't want to get a bunch of letters from people either at UPS or Halloween super stores saying that's unhygienic, it's unsanitary.

We're not going to have people eat candy corn that goes on a mask that touch people's faces.

Okay. Sorry to interrupt. Okay. Well, with that question out of the way, anything else- It was a good question.

Thank you. Anything else you can tell me about this movie? Any other cast members?

Let's see. Who else? I think we got- Who else is hot? What about A plus K, you know? What's his name?

Ashton Kutcher.

The Kutcher.

He's busy now. He's a big TV star. So he doesn't have time. It's a punishing schedule with a multi-camera sitcom.

Multi-camera half hour. One of the worst.

Punishing schedule.

One of the worst.

Yeah. So I'd love to have him back. He's a great kid.

You work up to two days a week on that multi-camera. You earn your money. That's for sure.

So he's building a moat around his trailer. So he's busy.

Well, this sounds like a fascinating film, Gary. I can't wait to see it.

Good luck with the schedule.

You won't have to wait very long. It's coming out this Halloween.

Do you have any other films in the- not in the can, certainly, but in the pipeline?

Once I'm done with this Halloween, that's it for the holidays. And then I'm going to focus in. I'm going to do movies about the days of the week.

Oh.

There's going to be seven films and each film is going to be the different character of that day.

Can I ask one favor on that?

Sure.

Please don't cast Ice Cube in Friday.

I've been warned about that already. Thank you. But it's been made abundantly clear to me.

And I would also, one more, just never like to see Al Pacino on any given Sunday.

You got it. Now, what are you going to do for me? Are you going to be the star of Wednesday?

I'm your Monday man.

Oh, Monday man.

Oh, playing hardball. All right.

Kicking it off.

Wait, you think the week kicks off with Monday?

A lot of people would say, in calendars in fact, would say Sunday.

Or the work week.

He's saying this is the role for him. He feels strongly about the flavor of Monday. I had a reserve for Jason Statham, but I think I can juggle some stuff around.

He's a Thursday man, if there's ever been one.

Now that you say that, I can see it.

This brings up good questions though. Is it just work days, or is it the calendar?

Seven days.

Seven days. And then I'm going to make these seven films. And then it's not like a seven film series. These are standalone movies. They're each going to have their own thing.

Like Sunday, it's people just lazing around. Somebody goes to church. Somebody else, they sleep in.

I would imagine the UPS delivery person would not be available.

That character will not appear on Sunday. Not on the job, maybe at home.

Huge arc on Friday though.

That's right. We run her ragged. Saturday, it's a lot of people doing laundry. And falling in love.

Of course, of course. Enough said. I would imagine there's a lot of laundromats out there in the city that people can meet at.

There's got to be more than 10.

Right. Okay. What about, I would imagine Tuesday- Weld.

Right. We'll be in this movie, of course.

Yeah. She's still alive. We'll probably get her to a least cameo.

Will she be appearing on Weld's day?

That's not a day.

I misspoke. I meant to say Wednesday.

No, she will not. No. We are going to get- Christine Ricci.

Every actress who's played Wednesday Adams will be in Wednesday.

Well, that sounds fantastic. I can't wait to see. Will all of these be coming out on the days of the week that they are named for?

No, they'll all come out on Friday.

Okay.

There probably won't be a problem.

All right. Well, this sounds great. And then what else comes after that? I mean, you're- That's it. After that, I push out those seven films and then I will be retiring from directing- What?

To pursue other interests.

Well, that can't be. You're one of America's treasures.

I just said it. So I guess it's happening.

You got a lot of good work left in you, though.

Well, look, I got- Never say never.

I said no other fish to fry, no pun intended when you hear what my next project- Wait a minute. No pun intended. What are you talking about?

You sure do like to come off a lot when I'm talking.

Hey, what I'm trying to say, though, is that you said no pun intended after no fish, other fish to fry.

That's right. And then I said- Did you say no fish to fry or other fish to fry, by the way?

Other fish. I don't think the expression ever goes, I got no fish to fry.

That's why I was so confused. Why would you say something like that?

Well, listen, I can talk to you now. I got no fish to fry.

Well, thanks very much for coming in.

Wait. Get in here.

I have a feeling he was about to- Terrible host.

Just about to go into his next business venture.

All right. What do you have coming up?

It's pretty simple. At the request of my wife, I'm going to hunt for and capture the Loch Ness Monster.

Wait a minute. From Scotland?

Is that where he's from?

Yeah.

I'll start looking there.

Okay, that's a good start.

Well, I don't know if that's where he's from, but that's where he is.

Oh, good point.

Just to be fair, I don't want to get into his lineage.

Yeah, I'll probably research his known hangouts.

Now will you in fact, once caught, cut it up, fry it up, serve it up?

First I put them on display.

Sure.

How long does that last?

Everybody gets a good look. We'll do like a year tour.

Okay.

Everybody gets a good look.

Every state.

Every state, maybe global, we'll see. And then after that, I will probably cut him up and eat him.

Fry him up?

Or do you- I can't do fried food anymore, so I'll probably boil him.

Sure.

Really? Just boil him?

Maybe pan sear.

What about a nice sous-vide or something like that?

That sounds nice.

Why don't I come over? Maybe I can give you a recipe.

We'll make a night of it.

Yeah, you and me. When do you expect to catch him?

We'll watch all my movies and we'll cook up the Loch Ness Monster.

I don't know.

I'm just saying there could be another project in this for you.

A documentary style.

Are you going to film the hunt?

Oh, that's not a bad idea.

You're welcome. That one's great.

Not going to film the hunt. That's going to be too much of a hassle.

That's sacred.

Well, and it's sacred, sure.

A man in his hunt should not be filmed.

No.

Can you think of any good hunt movies?

There was one that took place in Red October, I believe.

I do remember that one.

That's not hunting like a guy out there with a jacket with epaulets and he's shooting at an animal.

Sure.

I think that this could be a lot like a happier version of The Cove if you film the hunt.

You find the Loch Ness Monster, it ends with you chopping him up and boiling him.

What happened to the sous-vide we were going to do?

Okay, yeah, let's do that.

You bailed on me already.

I don't know. You wanted to watch all your movies.

I don't know. I kind of mentally checked out at that point.

You can tune out, play a game on your phone. I don't care.

I just like to have them on in the background.

Well, all right, well, I could imagine that after you catch the Loch Ness Monster, then you'll retire from monster hunting and then that'll be it.

No, that's just the beginning. I'm going to capture...

Look, after I make all these movies, I will probably weep because like Alexander, I have no more movies left to make.

Then I'll start on this monster hunt.

He's a great director.

Alexander was a hell of a director.

Some people call him the first director because...

We're talking about Alexander Payne, right?

Yeah, that's right. Who else would we be talking about?

There's plenty of Alexanders.

Then I'm going to go after...

Her name isn't Alexander Jane though.

I've never heard of Jane Alexander.

You call a lady by her last name.

He's using jeopardy rules.

This is like the guy from 60s television is right here before me with his rudeness.

The guy from the Playboy Club?

Yeah, that guy. That's the show you're on, right?

Yes.

And I get the Pan Am ladies. How come they don't call me in? I don't understand.

Speaking of Wednesday.

Right? This is what I'm saying.

It's on Sundays, of course. We don't mean to confuse people. Pan Am, Sundays, NBC.

So anyway, it'll take me about two weeks to find and capture the Loch Ness Monster.

Then I'll move on to the Bigfoot and after that, of course, the Mothman and then probably the Jersey Devil.

Wait, the Mothman?

Yeah, from West Virginia.

What about the Yeti?

That's made up.

Oh, okay.

Fair enough.

All right. Well, good luck in your future career.

Thank you. Well, we say break a leg in the monster hunting trade.

Really? It's a lot like the acting trade.

Yeah, that's correct.

Tell you what, let's go to a song. Mr. Lowe, are you ready?

Yes.

Come on back.

Here I am.

Come on back to the mic. Make yourself known.

You have another song for us.

Yes, I do. I thought I'd do another one from the new record, if that's all right.

Fantastic. The Old Magic.

The Old Magic is the record and the song's called I Am A Sensitive Man.

Believe me, that was never my plan But how can I fix it?

Standing out here in the cold I'm a sensitive man You don't always have to speak You can say it with a look Even across a crowded room You can read it like a book But other times when there's something on your mind Make it as plain as you can Don't freeze me, baby, I'm no dinky-doo I'm a sensitive man I'm a sensitive man You can hear that in my song I'm a sensitive man What first impressions could steer you wrong?

Sincerely My one desire is to make you happy again But I can't begin till you let me back in I'm a sensitive man I'm a sensitive man You can hear that in my song I'm a sensitive man What first impressions might just steer you wrong?

Sensitive man Out in the cold Trying to do good But so misunderstood I'm a sensitive man Autumn We get it warmed up Turn up my headphones My headphones are fantastic Hey, I'm Scott, my name's not Paul, and it's time for fall. The leaves are, they're all coming down and guess what color they are, you know, they're brown. And then there's a squirrel who gathers acorns, oh fuck, and he does not mourn the loss of his father because that's the circle of life.

And he has a wife and she's not dead yet. And that's how we do it. Because hey, screw it. It's fall. We like to go to school. And you know that school is not cool. Because who cares? We're all adults. We buy our own underwears. That's right. We don't have wives who do it. We like to go out to the department store and buy our own underwear a lot of times.

And I think I feel like I lost the thread of this rap. Let's get it back. Because autumn in New York, autumn in New York. That's a song by Dick York, who was on bewitched starring a witch. And that's how we rap john.

Uh, uh, whose line is it anyway? Halloween y'all said, Dick York is a rap star.

Bewitched. Nice rap. All right, Mr. Marshall, are you ready for this? Of course I am. This is why I came here. My name's Gary Marshall and I'm here to say I like to rap in an autumnal way. A lot of people say to me, it's autumn. Where'd you get those sweater vests? I say I bought them.

Listen, the leaves are falling down, down to the ground, rounded around. Everybody thinks it's time to go home for Thanksgiving. That's where we go to celebrate the birth of our nation.

DW Griffith y'all. School vacation. Everybody make a turkey with your hands. Wait, make a turkey with what? Make a turkey with your hands. With your gobble gobbles. Oh, anyone else want to jump in? Any other? I think we got it. We got it. Good rap guys. Let's shut it down. Good raps. We covered fall.

Good raps. Wow. Covered it up. Covered it up. We covered it up. Gary, you know what?

You're going to have to tell me, son, because I don't know what. Gary, you ever going to make any movies out of the television shows you have? You know how the Brady Bunch movies were big?

This is a thing that people asked me over the years. And the thing is, I want to preserve the sanctity of those. What are you laughing at? I just, I enjoy life.

Those shows, Happy Days, Laverne and Shirley, Joni Loves Chachi, Mork and Mindy. They changed the world, Scott. They taught people that it's okay to like a guy who rides a motorcycle. He's not so bad.

They said, hey, if you live next door to two weirdos who seem to have unfettered access to your apartment, they're not so bad. They have feelings. Let's say a spaceman comes down. He's not necessarily going to vanquish the human race. He just wants to mate with one of us.

And only one. And only one. That's not so bad. Is he so different from us? That's how we mate for life, humans. Sometimes. Sometimes people get divorced.

But you take my meaning. Half of divorces end in sweatpants.

If that show was set in the 60s, that Whitney, the things that I could do to relate that to regular people, I'd even have an episode with a black guy like I did on Happy Days that time.

I didn't know. I didn't realize that was from Whitney. I thought that was from Irma Bombeck. She predates sweatpants.

What is it with you in the 60s? Why does everything have to be in the 60s? What is it about the 60s that was evocative to you?

I invested a lot of money in a company that makes old-fashioned haircare products and argyle sweaters. And so all these projects came across my desk. Happy Days was supposed to be a modern-day thing. I said, hey, what if we set it? Was that how they came up with the character of Fonzie? That's exactly right. That's amazing. I've never heard this story before.

And then they said, hold on a second.

Hold on. Say that again.

Everybody's ears pricked up and we knew we had something. We just have to invent a character who says this phrase.

That character wasn't invented yet.

No, nobody knew from the Fonzarelli.

So it really was just about Mr. C, Mrs. C, Richie C.

It was just about Mr. C. That's how Happy Days started. Just about Tom Bosley.

And I can tell, amazing too, I can tell that when you come up with a character name like Arthur Fonzarelli, the first person you think of automatically, Henry Winkler.

Absolutely.

Hank Winkler.

I said, who's the most Italian guy I know? It's gotta be Henry Winkler.

What about this nebbish over here?

I got him on the phone. Hen, you gotta come and do this. It's perfect. It's right up your alley. It's an Italian greaser.

Because you had seen him, I think.

Lords of Flatbush.

And also, you guys, I think, went to the same temple.

Yeah, that's right. Well, I'm Italian. I might be Jewish at this point. It's been so long.

Who knows? Life is long.

I've been away from the Bronx long enough. In Hollywood, I'm probably a Jew by now.

My point is, those TV shows are sacred. They should never be movies at the end.

That said, what if there was a possibility, maybe a Broadway musical?

Now you're talking. This is what I like to hear.

There was a musical that you wrote that was down the street from my house at the Falcon Theater.

My theater?

Yeah, that you own.

What musical was this?

It was the Happy Days musical. Paul Williams wrote the music for it.

What?

You were involved?

No, I wasn't. They did it at my theater. That sneaky prick. That little freak.

Paul Williams?

Yeah, he snuck into my house.

He's small.

He's very small. He could be here right now.

Are you coming through the dog door?

You laugh, but he could fit through a dog door. He would do it at parties. It was the most boring trick.

He'd get everybody's attention, and then he'd crawl through the dog door. Everybody would say, so what? He went, I just came through the dog door. That doesn't do anything for you.

Everybody went back to being drunk. That's what parties were back then.

Parties these days are just such a letdown.

What does everybody do? They're doing cocaine all the time.

What do people do in parties now?

Wheatgrass. Just all wheatgrass. It's a drag.

John, would you ever want to do a Mad Men movie? Mad Men, that's hard to say.

I don't think so.

No?

I don't think so.

Like X-Files did, a couple of them.

Yeah, but they weren't very good, were they?

I don't know.

Were they?

I don't know. Who knows?

I didn't see them.

Yeah, no one saw them.

Let's prejudge them, though, for sure.

I think that when you're on the air for 13 episodes per season, I think that's plenty of time to tell a story.

That's like a 13-hour movie.

I don't understand what you leave in the bag.

Well, stakes would have to be raised. Someone gets kidnapped.

A space alien shows up. He wants to impregnate one of the ladies.

I don't know if that would necessarily be the tone of the show.

Then you'd be making something else.

You say not necessarily, but just open your heart a little bit.

To me? I'll show you love if you've got the key.

I don't know. I think it could be good. I mean, you'd have to get some big stars in there.

You put big stars in there. I think that's the better opportunity, is that you would completely recast it.

You would maybe tell an origin story, a reboot of the franchise.

An orgy story.

An origin.

Origin story.

Like how the character originated.

Then I think you could do it. I think you get a J.J. Abrams. I think you get a Joss Whedon.

Get a lot of lens flare in there.

I think you get a filmmaker, and I think you really recharge it, and you certainly get a new cast.

I wish you had more chances to say my name and not take it.

J.J. Abrams, Joss Whedon. Yeah, get these two nerds in there.

It sounds to me like your schedule is packed up until the Monster Hunter.

Here's what's wrong with Mad Men. Not enough prosthetics.

You know, that is interesting because directors nowadays are nerds, you know, and you hearken from an era.

We invented that word. Yeah.

I think we did.

I think so. Who can remember?

We popularized it at the very least.

Who can remember the 50s?

Now these people are proud of being nerds and saying, I'm a nerd about this. I'm a nerd about that.

I love nerds.

It wasn't a compliment. It was an insult.

You think Pottsie, he ever said, I'm proud to be a nerd? No.

He lived in fear that Fonzie was going to crush him, crush his skull with a pipe.

And be told to sit on it or some such...

Sit on his own crushed skull?

That's what that meant, that expression.

Sit on it always implied one's own crushed skull.

I wanted to know this because, and it's been bothering me for decades now, Pottsie, Anson Williams.

That's right. Now a director.

What was the character Pottsie's real name?

Because I think I know it.

Take a guess.

Potts Tricia.

You're so close.

I think it was Potts Sticker, wasn't it?

Potts in general?

You're cold.

Really? I'm cold from Potts Tricia?

He was warmer with Potts Tricia.

All right.

So where'd we land on this?

Potts and Jammer?

It was Potts Strick.

Potts Strick.

Yeah.

Shakespearean.

Dear Potts Strick.

I knew him well.

It was based on a character out of Shakespeare.

And that's why the skull, you know, sitting on his crushed skull.

I get it.

That's right.

I get it. We're all smart.

We're smart people.

That's very deep.

High level of intelligence in this room.

It was meant to haunt people and I'm glad that it did its job.

I'm surprised I didn't get that question more.

30 years.

You know where that answer isn't?

The internet.

Yeah.

Anywhere.

That's right.

I kept it close to the vest.

You should update your Wikipedia page though now.

Or at least Pottsies.

It's exhausting.

I was editing Pottsies for a while and then it got to me too much.

Always so many facts to add.

Plus people going in there and adding false facts.

Somebody tried to say he was the president at one point.

And it turns out that was just in some Happy Days fan fiction.

Wait, is that actually, what do you call it?

True?

No.

False?

Yes.

What do you call it?

Fuck, I'm blanking.

A dream?

What do you call it when it's in canon?

Is it canon?

It is part of the secret canon of Happy Days.

I kept writing scripts long after the show went off the air.

I still do one every once in a while if I got some free time.

Tell the story.

There's this book where Chewbacca dies.

Always telling the story.

That you should check out because it's canon.

It's canonical.

You got hit by a car, right?

That was so sad.

It really was.

What book was that?

The Firm?

It starts with Chewbacca getting hit by a car.

There's this book, The Firm.

Chewbacca gets hit by a car.

All right, guys, let's go to Mr. Lowe again.

Who cares?

Go ahead.

Nobody's stopping you.

That's what I'm saying.

Okay.

I'm not mad at you.

Let's go to him and he'll sing a song for us.

All right.

Don't do that.

Is it a Nick Lowe song?

I hope so.

Let's see it together.

All right, Mr. Lowe, you ready?

Yeah.

Come on back here.

I am, yes.

What do you have next for us?

I thought I'd do this one.

It's a slightly older one, this, but...

All men, all men are liars Their words ain't worth no more Than worn-out tires Hey, girls, bring rusty pliers To pull this tooth All men are liars, and that's the truth Well, do you remember Rick Astley?

He had a big fat hit, it was ghastly He said, I'm never gonna give you up or let you down Well, I'm here to tell you that Rick's a clown Though he was just a boy when he made that vow I'd bet it all that he knows by now All men, all men are liars Their words ain't worth no more Than worn-out tires Hey, girls, bring rusty pliers To pull this tooth All men are liars, and that's the truth Of all God's creatures, man must be The most slimy and slippery There stands the naked ape in a monkey suit Behind a little mustache he grew the shifty boot All the ones not choking on the words they ate Are sweating on getting their stories straight All men, all men are liars Their words ain't worth no more Than worn-out tires Hey, girls, bring rusty pliers To pull this tooth All men are liars, and all men are liars They're the whole men are liars And that's the truth I'm sort of clapping in protest Because you call him Mr. Low, you call me Gary Well, you're a friend I'm an old man, I've earned respect Yeah, I know, but you've been on the show several times Address me with respect, Scott The last few times you said, call me Gary I demand you address me with respect All right, Mr. Gary Call me Gary Mr. Gary was my father It's time for one of our favorite features here on the show It's time for a little something we call Would You Rather What's that?

It's a fanfare Where's that coming from?

A fanfare Is that Nick Low?

A fanfare for two not common men Please don't talk during the theme song I've beaten him by my own game All right, it's time to play Would You Rather And we all know how this is played People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter Which is CBBWYR, Comedy Bang Bang Would You Rather And I read them out loud I'll open the floor for questions You can ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios And then I'll shut down the floor We'll vote, we'll tally up the points And then everything will be all hunky dory I thought that would never end So I'm going to do something I've never done before on the show I'm going to do a combo question What's this now?

You seem very suspicious I am People send me questions all the time And sometimes I like one of the scenarios But I don't like the other one Like I think one half of it will be funny You'll mix it up So I'm going to combine I'm going to combine two people I think that's your prerogative So you not only crowdsource the material Then you pick and choose I say it's not good enough Yeah, exactly Partially good enough So today's question is going to be a combo From Amos Hunter Whose twitter handle is HappyAmosFun Combined with Tony Wirt Who is Wirtr W-I-R-T-E-R If you want to look him up I wonder how long he's been an Amos Hunter How come the one guy doesn't call himself Wirtr's originals?

You think he ever goes around hunting for a red october at all?

I hope so Did they ever catch that by the way?

They never did Alright, here we go They ask, would you rather Me, me, me They ask, would you rather Always laugh to the tune of the MASH theme song Or have Tony Danza appear as a devil slash angel On each shoulder for every decision you make Would you rather Always laugh to the tune of the MASH theme song Or have Tony Danza appear as a devil or angel On each shoulder for every decision you make I'm opening the floor for questions I have a question Yes, Kerry Marshall I'm afraid I was not looking up I did not see your finger, John I saw that he had his finger raised And I went in and undercut him So that I could get the first question in I know you love to get the first question I'm very competitive Alright, what's your question then?

In the scenario where I laugh to the tune of the MASH theme song Is it in tune?

Do I do it well?

Or is it atonal?

In this scenario you have perfect pitch So you are able to do it in tune, with harmonies Anything you want to do I got a follow up Is there ever a time where I do the vocal version from the movie Including the words So it just seems like I'm singing the theme from that This gets along to my question as well Yes, there is a time But it's only when someone very close to you has committed suicide And you're at their funeral I got one more question Okay, one more What happens when I cry?

That is a great question You actually cry tears that when they drop down They resonate vibrationally into the Sanford and Son theme song Does that go for Tears of Happiness as well?

No, Tears of Happiness They play Here Comes the Bride What about Tears of Excruciating Pain?

Tears of Excruciating Pain These are the three kinds of tears This is the Green Acres theme song But with the lyrics John, you had a question?

It's a very simple question In the aforementioned scenario Both verses How long do you have to keep laughing?

Unless you're at your friend's funeral You just laugh the normal amount that you would laugh for anything In fact, I'd love to hear you try to laugh It takes a lot of breath Let's all join in I think we learned a lot about that I do have one question about the first scenario Look how red his face got It's like he just got back from Bermuda What era Tony Danza?

This is classic Danza Who's the boss?

Taxi or boss?

No, I'm sorry, this is classic Meaning who's the boss?

Fair enough And he addresses you as Angela He addresses your right ear as Angela And your left ear as Samantha Does he give the angel and the devil?

Yeah Do they give advice when you have to make a decision?

Or do they just appear there?

And it's creepy They appear to everyone who's looking at you Oh, I don't see them No, you don't see them at all Everybody else sees them Anytime I have to make a decision They appear, everybody else And they're miming Do I know that they're there?

No, no, no, no No one has the heart to tell me So I never know when this happens Follow up Yes Are they in costume?

They are, they're in Halloween costume But those sexy angel Slutty angel, slutty angel Sexy slutty angel Okay Yeah, so garter belt Danza was a fit man Fork and tail Can I hear them?

Oh, yes, you can hear them as like slight murmuring You assume that you have some sort of mental disease Makes perfect sense Yeah So I never figure out through my whole life That this is what's going on People all of a sudden looking at me strangely I hear some murmuring And you check yourself into a mental hospital Before I wreck myself into a mental hospital Of course you do Totally true And you lick it before you kick it And all of the above And yeah, it pretty much ruins your life And you spend your golden years with two Danzas Boy, you got excited Do I ever have to make a decision in front of Tony Danza?

Great question They turn your plight into a TV movie starring Tony Danza And then you play the angels on his shoulders But nobody tells me this is based on my life No, of course not You die not knowing that You just happen to get a great job And you're constantly like I wonder why they would hire a mental patient Oh, this is after I've gone crazy in the sanitary Oh, yeah, yeah, you're in the sanitary You're in the rubber room And then all of a sudden you're plucked from what you think is obscurity And you have a great acting job How long does a TV movie last?

Oh, weeks Yeah Are we talking Lifetime or are we talking Hallmark Hall of Fame?

So a Lifetime, yeah, it can last a Lifetime They crack that stuff out at Lifetime They got it down to a science So it's more like a Bee's Lifetime They use a lot of the same scenes in the Lifetime movies The middle of the movie is the same thing every time It's just because all of them have Meredith Basterburney in them So it's just easy to plug and play She just backs them now because she made some discoveries about herself in later years You know what we're talking about, Jon, some sexy discoveries No, that sounds great Is there a Lifetime movie?

Everybody loves Sexy Discoveries I mean, if there was a channel, I'd tune in I would watch a movie called Sexy Discoveries or Plug and Play starring her I think that's the subtitle No more Plug and Play for her Sexy Discoveries called Plug and Play Back to the game Here we go When the M.A.S.H. scenario Maybe we should laugh again Let's save it for a time, we really need it Do I ever laugh in front of any of the cast members of M.A.S.H.?

You do TV show or movie?

TV show, but only the after M.A.S.H. cast members So we're talking Karl Potter William Christopher I know them by their character names, Klinger, Potter, and of course, Father Mulcahy William Christopher What?

William Christopher played Father Mulcahy Alright, so yeah, those three And how do they react to this? Are they offended? Are they delighted?

They say always nice to meet a fan And how do I feel about laughing this way? Do I enjoy it?

You love it, it brings great mirth to your life It actually encourages you to laugh more often because you're a very sad person What if I go to a comedy movie and I'm really enjoying it and laughing the M.A.S.H. theme Do I get thrown out of the movie theater? What happens? People get upset I bet They get upset but they don't throw you out of the theater, they escort you to the other theater where M.A.S.H. is playing In a revival house Would people like that any better?

Of course they would They're trying to watch M.A.S.H.

Because it's all over the film People kind of hear you laughing to the M.A.S.H. theme and they nod and go, hey, you know We get it If it had to be somewhere, at least here Another question about the laughing Do I have to say, you have a different length of laugh based on how funny you think something is Sometimes you think something's a little funny, you just get a little laugh I feel like this was the first question Was it really?

Ask an answer Okay, well What's your Gary Marshall spin on it that we want to hear?

I can't remember the wording of the question You were too busy following up your original question Look, you've got to get in there You realize, by the way, that I don't award points just for the questions you ask No, I understand, but the speedier I get in there with my questions the more information I have I feel like I'm more confident when I'm voting You're a great player Good follow up, because I think this does bear a huge amount I know Mr. Marshall has a lot of history Please call me Gary Thank you, Gary Has a lot of history with not only Tony Danza, Catherine Hellman, Alicia Milano Alyssa Wong Both of them So, do they bring any sort of personal resonance into this?

Because I don't want to have sort of a weird There's a question whether or not this guy has a little influence over what happens on my shoulders If I'm guessing you're Oh, you're putting me into this scenario We're both in the scenario, tell me I'm wrong I'm sorry, what did you say?

We're both in the scenario He has sort of prejudicial knowledge of all of these characters Having worked with them So meaning if you both choose This is an alternate universe What if in this universe I don't even exist This is my question I became a bricklayer Well, here's what happens If you both choose this scenario then Gary Marshall is in the scenario And he has prior knowledge of Tony Danza and the whole cast And it kind of ruins it for you because you're not special anymore However, if he does not choose it then you're the only one And you become the mental patient and you start on the TV movie But everyone loves you But no one loves you if Gary Marshall chooses this thing So it's time to vote No wait, okay Alright, here we go I think we should do it at the same time then because one That's right, it's a lot like poker, you want to declare at the same time Alright, so we're going to ask you to vote at the same time What is it, A or B or Danza tears or what is it?

It's Mash laugh Danza tears Danza laugh It's laugh Danza Laugh Danza So Ever fly Laugh Danza? It's a beautiful airline So hold up one finger for laugh, two for Danza This is on the radio Yeah, I know, but I'll judge it And we're going to go five, four, three, nose, one and then vote Okay Alright Now, one finger for One for laugh, two for Danza Okay What about the thumb?

Does not count, not a finger Does not count Okay, so it's got to be the fingers, alright So on the count, I want you to say it with me Five, four, three, nose, one and then shoot Alright Are you guys ready?

I'm ready Mr. Marshall Please call me Gary Thank you so much, Gary, are you ready?

I'm ready Alright, Mr. Ham I am ready Alright, here we go and Five, four, three, nose, one Shoot Okay, let me describe what happened John Ham picked the Tony Danza scenario And in a surprise upset, Mr. Marshall I picked the left I was kind of waiting for you to say call me Gary I think it calls for Mr. Marshall here Alright, Mr. Marshall This is a big moment Mr. Marshall picked the mash laugh That's right So a happy ending here for John Ham and an unhappy ending for Mr. Marshall Because he chose incorrectly But I chose with my heart You chose with your heart I chose unselfishly So there we have it So John, you're our winner, congratulations Congratulations, you played a good game Thank you, thank you, I thought so It all came down to that shooting I tell you, if you'd only picked the other one Well, then it wouldn't have been as good for John and that reality Well, that is of course how we play Would You Rather And there it is again Where'd it go?

It's back What's this, 36 inches high?

Nice one, Nick No, it's not him playing How's he doing it without touching Nick at all?

In charge of Mary Provost, I think Alright guys, that's how we play Would You Rather That was a fun game Congratulations to John Ham, our winner And we only have one thing left Which is of course a little something we call plugs I hope there's no song There's a long one, so prepare yourself I've waited all show for this moment And now it's merely here I can taste it It's time for the comedy bang bang What's up, Hatchdog Memorial Vlogs Segment of the comedy bang bang Audio podcast program What's up, hot dog Memorial Never forget Alright, that is Send In The Plugs by Bad Canyon And if you have a plugs theme for our What's up, Hatchdog Memorial plugs section Go to earwolf.com to our message board Under the comedy bang bang There's a little plugs theme thread devoted to this And that was a good one That was a fantastic canyon Johnny, it's all up to you What do you have to plug?

Nothing Nothing coming out until March Please watch Mad Men when it comes out In March What about the silver screen?

Nothing Friends With Kids starring myself Friend of the show Adam Scott Friend of the show Maya Rudolph Friend of the show Kristen Wiig Friend of the show Jen Westphelt Friend of the show Eddie Burns Friend of the show Megan Fox I would love for her to be a friend of the show If you can hook that up in any way Why are you scowling at me?

I think I know what that means You put Jessica Biel in your movies Yeah, I put her in the movie The way you say you want her to be a friend of the show It sounds like it's double entendre You think that when I say friend of the show The show is my penis?

Is that what you think?

Come on, what this vulgarity That will be in theaters Hopefully in the early spring of 2012 From your lips to God's ears Exactly Watch season 5 and buy the season 4 DVD That's some great work you did Gary Marshall, what do you have to plug?

Scott As unorthodox as this is Please Just plug your thing We don't have any time I hope you will allow an old man a favor I would like to cede my plug time To someone else No, we do not do this My friend, please Not only do we not do this We've never done this Don't open the door Don't open the door for a friend Who is this?

This is a friend I'm a friend of the show I thought he meant a friend of his Not a friend of the show Paul F. Tompkins is here How's the show been going?

Great, loved it How do you know Gary Marshall?

Just from show business From show business parties From some of those drinking cocaine parties?

Yeah, yeah That's how they do it now You have something to plug from what I hear?

I do have some things to plug And it was nice of Mr. Marshall He allows me to call him Did he leave by the way?

He's just waiting right outside Are you giving him a ride?

Yeah, I'm giving him a ride From what it looks like he's just standing in the corner staring at the wall Blair Witch style That's what he does He's in sleep mode Powered down Like C-3PO You have an interesting accent Thank you I didn't realize there was a little accent mark Can I do my fucking plugs?

First off, the Pod F. Tompcast Is back Friend of the show Another show Is back Also on iTunes The Dead Authors Podcast Which Scott, you are going to be a guest on very soon You don't say You recorded mine?

I did, I recorded them all Subscribe to that, that's on iTunes now I had a great time doing that And the premise of the show is basically that you are H.G. Wells And you interview Authors who are currently dead in our current time period But you bring them from the past Yes, in my magical time machine Yes, in my magical scientific All science is magic That's true That's true But that's a great podcast that I do It's all comedy but it's to spread awareness Of 826 LA Which is a wonderful mentoring and tutoring program Here in Los Angeles And also October 15th, this Saturday As you are hearing this The Paula Tompkins Show Yeah, as the crow flies hearing this With his little ear buds He's looking for string and shiny rocks A lot of people don't realize this They just fly using sound That's true And wearing clothes Not unlike Banshee from the X-Men What a terrible power Screaming I can fly but I have to scream at the top of my lungs It's very unpleasant It's marginally better underwater When I can stun a whale I hear Sheryl Crow has that power too Yeah, she does That's why she started singing All I wanted Every day is a whale Well, that's enough of your plug The Paula Tompkins Show With Largo at the Coronet in West Hollywood Never disappoints Rich Summer from Mad Men will be one of our guests Not familiar with them The section string quartet Will be our musical guest And some very special surprise guests Always surprise guests You were one such surprise guest one time I was unveiled You were unveiled I entered the scene Wearing this SWAT riot helmet And then he put up the visor And I was like, here it comes The moment they realized it He would not turn and face the audience Come on you motherfucker Let them see I got a big name here on the show I think I did eventually And then you told people to stop You were in the scene That's right Well, I want to plug I want to listen to this, come on Hey Gary, come on back in Gary, wake up Well, it's about Paula Tompkins But you can get our live from Bumbershoot shows On iTunes, of course, and Earwolf.com We had a lot of fun doing those And the weirdest dream What happened?

I dreamt I was dreaming And We also want to Let Nick Lowe plug Of course, his new album Come on back here, Nick, if you would Come on back You've been playing songs from it The Old Magic Not Ye Old Magic The Old Magic So The Old Magic It's a fantastic record If I can implore If everyone who's listening to this right now were to buy it This week, you'd have a number one album Yeah, I would How great of a surprise would that be If all of a sudden you're looking up Billboard You'd have to credit me I can assure you a drink A drink would be flying your way, Scott And of course, you're on tour Which is why we're lucky enough to have you here You're touring this week I know tonight, if you're listening to this on Monday You're in Portland, right?

No, in San Francisco San Francisco, sorry The Great American, one of my favorite venues Great theater And then Wednesday in Portland Yes, the Aladdin Theater, another one of my faves They're modest I've been on tour with Wilco For the last while playing some very grand Places, so I'm back to the sticky Floored end of the market Do you like the smaller places better Or the bigger places?

That's a very good question, Scott I suppose I suppose I like playing In the small places, you know, I do But obviously there's a little more dough to be made In the slightly bigger places Alright, so I want to thank my guests here Jon Hamm, thank you so much for coming by Thank you, Scott, always a pleasure And Gary Marshall Please, call me Mr. Marshall Then I can say, call me Gary Alright, Mr. Marshall, Gary Good luck with your film in three weeks It's going to be a big hit Thank you, get ready to see that Loch Ness Monster It's going to be good And then he's going to be delicious I changed my mind, I'll be there I'm glad to hear it I'm going to play a little machine that's Suve's stuff My plastic baggies Oh, you got one of those George Foreman Suve machines Is he doing that now?

He's covering all the bases Good choice Alright guys, thanks very much, let's hear another song from Nick Lowe See you next week, thanks, bye!
