You know him from 30 Minutes or Less, Pretend Time, his Comedy Central sketch show, and also Bucky Larson, born to be a star, Nick Swartzen returns to the program after a year-long absence, plus newcomer Brody Stevens, he's never been on the show before, one of my favorite comedians is here, also we'll be hearing from the brother of someone, one of the most famous people in the world, he will be here a little later on the show, all of that and more, all on today's...

It's great to be back in New York hosting the season premiere of Saturday Night Live, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, that is of course, it's great to be back in New York hosting the season premiere of Saturday Night Live, that is a catchphrase submission by Alan Williams, thank you Alan, if you have a submission go over there to earwolf.com and put it at the appropriate thread in our message boards, that's a good one, what do you guys think of that?

It's great to be back in New York hosting the season premiere of Saturday Night Live.

I like it, yeah, thumbs up, I give it a B minus.

I'll introduce those guys in just a second, I want to introduce myself first, I'm of course hot sauce man, aka the Choctaw, and this is Comedy Bang Bang, another edition, we have a fantastic show today, it's a wonderful, what is today, Thursday, Friday, I don't know.

Thursday here in Los Angeles.

A hot one today.

Smoking hot.

It is Christmas Eve.

It's Christmas Eve.

Yes.

2010.

Yesums.

And we're taking this a little bit in advance of when we're going to release it, but you know, I think it'll still be relevant.

Yeah, it'll be perfect.

So Osama Bin Laden, why can't we find this guy?

Where is he?

Where?

He's out in Encino, I think.

It's about 104 out there today.

No, it is of course Thursday, today, but I'm sure you're getting this on Monday the 17th, and my guests, I want to introduce the two who are here right in front of me.

To my left, he's wearing a gray t-shirt with some sort of darker gray print, seems to be maybe the spirit?

Or who's on that shirt?

It was given to me, and it looks like a guy smoking a cigarette, maybe a marijuana spliff, and kind of like- It better not be, because that's illegal.

It's illegal.

The shirt's- That better not be a fucking joint, Brody, or I'm not going on the show.

I think it's just a Philly's Blunt cigarette.

Who's giving you t-shirts, by the way?

Who's out there giving away shirts to you?

Cougaroo.

Friends, no, just a Cougaroo shirt would be nice.

I can make some calls.

Extra large, shrink to fit.

You can make a call to the remaining Cougaroo.

Yeah.

They've all closed down.

But I do want to introduce him.

You know him as The Bomber.

When I say that, I mean, he doesn't bomb.

As a comedian, I mean, he's out there dropping joke bombs.

Joke bombs.

Ampharts.

Please welcome Brody Stevens is here.

Yes.

First time on the show.

First time.

That's not true.

It is true.

Yeah.

Really?

My schedule has been off for the last couple years, now it's back on.

Back on schedule.

We're back on track with Brody.

We, I've tried to have you a few times, but it hasn't worked out, but thank you so much for being here.

You're one of my favorite comedians.

Thank you very much.

People can see you out there doing sets.

Doing sets, doing comedy.

I like to hit the regular clubs and then I'll do the hipster rooms, B-level hipster rooms, occasionally an A-level.

You're one of those guys who can straddle both mainstream success and alternative anonymity.

I straddle it all.

And you can do any grade of room.

Yes, I can.

From A to F.

Yep.

From A to F or mainstream.

A to F.

A to F, yep.

Who goes around grading those, by the way?

Is that- Brody just did.

He said B.

Are there B-level hipster rooms?

I think so, yeah.

I'm sure there are.

There's A-rooms, B-rooms on the road, that sort of deal.

The other guy whose voice has been interjecting every once in a while, he's wearing a similar type of shirt in the sense of it's light blue with a little darker ink on it.

But- Jeremy Irons.

I'm here promoting the bourgeois.

The bourgeois.

What is that show?

The bourgeois.

I don't even know how the fuck you say that show, but no.

Hi, it's Nick Swartzen.

Nick Swartzen.

You know him from one of my favorites this year, 30 Minutes or Less, he did a great job in that.

Bless your heart.

And his show, Pretend Time, is on Comedy Central what night of the week?

Wednesday nights, following South Park, 10.30.

Season two.

Season two of how many?

Yes, very excited.

How many are you gonna do?

I don't want to do a million of them, I don't know, we'll see.

We'll see how much creative juice I have.

I was also in the movie Bucky Larson, Born to Be a Star, which- That's right, we want to talk about that.

We just almost are at Avatar numbers, Avatar made 2.5 billion, and we just passed it with 2.5 million.

Nice.

Congratulations.

Yep, very excited about that.

There's a decimal point in there.

Yeah, there's a decimal point, but we're not fazed by that.

You mentioned you're sitting in the Matthew Sweet chair because he signed the table in front of you.

He and I went to see that movie together.

Along with Nick Thune.

No, you didn't.

Yes, we did.

What movie?

Bucky Larson, Born to Be a Star.

Oh, you did?

Yes.

Yeah, and Matthew's wife.

The four of us all went to go see it recently.

Did you laugh or no?

I did laugh.

There's laughs in there.

There's a lot of laughs in there.

Yeah, I like it.

I go in and I, especially when it's someone I know who makes me laugh, like you make me laugh and have made me laugh for nine on a decade now, and someone that I really respect.

And so when I go in, I just kind of like, you know, whatever, I just kind of laugh at everything.

Right, right, right.

I'm the same way when I see friends movies.

I just go in and like enjoy it.

Was that what you guys did when you saw me in The Hangover?

I loved it.

Or Due Date?

Driving a limousine?

I was very excited to see you in The Hangover.

Yeah, and in- Due Date.

Due Date, yeah.

Due Date was a lot of work.

Robert Downey Jr. and myself, we connected.

Brody played a, in Due Date, who were you again?

A town car driver.

That's right.

I don't even know if I had a name.

And I loved you and not without my daughter.

Yeah, that's right.

Which, you were one of the baby takers.

Brody looks a little swirly.

Come on, Brody.

I know.

I have a go-to.

I look aggressive.

I know.

Brody, you have been in some of the world's greatest films in The Hangover.

You were the guy leading everyone through the police station, giving people a tour.

Don't sit on these benches.

We call this place Loserville.

And Hangover 2, you were in Thailand?

Thailand, Bangkok, three scenes, less words than Hangover 1, but three scenes and in some high pressure movements, I was able to do it.

Was that fun going to Thailand?

I can imagine.

Yeah.

I enjoyed it.

The flight there was good.

And...

How was that flight?

Pretty painless.

It's painless.

Painless 16 hours.

Well, we stopped over in Tokyo.

I did stop in Tokyo.

Remember I saw you right before you left at Jerry's Deli?

I kind of remember that.

I was at the bar and you came over and you're like, going to Thailand?

You're all fired up.

Enjoy it.

Did go.

And it's like a New York, that kind of energy, but it is a somewhat third world, but...

A lot of Asian people there.

A lot of Asian.

Not many white people.

No African-Americans.

Really?

Why do you think that is?

Actually, I did...

There are African...

There's Africans.

They do have an area where there are...

There's literal Africans.

Yeah.

Right.

But I like...

But not as many as here because I would imagine they didn't import them the same way that we did back in that horrible way.

They're like the real African guys.

Right, right, right.

They like soccer and all that stuff.

Right.

And no, Bangkok was a great experience.

I was there for two weeks.

That was probably enough for me.

Oh, really?

You wouldn't go back?

No.

I mean, that trip, it was...

I mean, I didn't go down to the beaches or anything.

I just stayed in the city, kind of walked around.

I like walking around cities, went to the zoo, went to the snake farm.

What kind of animals they have at the zoo?

Oh, man.

They've got like orangutan.

You can go right up to them, like give them food.

They'll grab you.

They'll grab you crocodiles.

Can you high five them?

Yes.

You can high five a crocodile.

But it's not safe.

No, not a crocodile.

Crocodiles were huge.

They were right there, but they had the orangutans and you can give them, you know, they drink the water.

They're very good with their hands.

They know how to beg.

They'll clap.

By the way, Brody is miming all of this right now.

It's really fascinating to watch.

I like the reason that they clap.

That means that Brody did a set for them.

I was like, they can clap.

Give me a microphone.

I did a tight three at the Bangkok zoo.

Snake farm.

How was that?

You went to the snake farm?

That was cool.

I went to the snake farm because they had these cobras there and they, you know, they suck your dick, right?

They can.

I mean, yes, they can suck your penis, but it was kind of cool seeing those cobras right up there.

So I enjoyed the snake farm.

I enjoyed the regular zoo as well.

In Bangkok, I do give it a thumbs up.

It's a beautiful city.

Everyone, they're very nice to Americans.

They want to, it's a different kind of culture out there.

Nick, where's the furthest you've ever been abroad?

Ooh, good question.

Thank you so much.

You're working on my questions.

Yeah, Scott, I wasn't ready for that one.

I really wish you would have emailed me that one earlier.

Can we, can we just take a moment of silence for about 30 seconds while you think?

Yeah.

I went to New York.

That's not quite what I was expecting.

That's a Bangkok or the East coast.

No, I've shot in Hawaii.

I take that back.

Really?

Have you ever been?

I've been abroad.

You're kidding me.

You've never been outside of the United States?

I've never been outside of the United States.

Not even Canada.

The only thing I've been to is I went to Mexico for two days for like a press junket for 30 minutes or less.

Oh my gosh.

That was me a few years back.

I'd never even been to Canada or Mexico a few years ago.

I had kind of a panic attack because I was like, I realized I haven't been to Europe yet and I had like that kind of panic attack where I was like, fuck, I want to go now.

Yeah.

Let's go.

I went to Dublin.

I went to Europe.

That fucking counts.

It counts like shit, man.

You got to get a converter.

That's Europe.

You got to get a converter for your electric razor, for your iPod charger.

You can get those at Target.

They don't have those there?

I love your travel trips.

Yeah.

You should go to Target.

Trips.

Wait a minute.

Tips.

I love your travel trips as well.

I was there with Tig in Dublin.

I lent her my...

There's her name written down right there.

I lent her my...

Breasts?

Oh, Nick.

Come on, man.

Come on.

I was right there, dude.

What's up, player?

I'm not sure, but that's okay.

Transmitter thing.

Whatever.

Converter.

That's the word.

Converter.

Nick, do you want to go somewhere?

Where do you want to go?

I would love to go to Europe.

Let's go to Europe.

How much fun would it be to get about 25 of our friends to go to Europe?

Yeah.

It would be painless to book that and to plan that.

Just get about 40 of your friends.

We just got to work out our TV production schedules.

That's all you got to do.

No, my friend told me, he goes, if you go to Europe, go alone or go with one person.

Why is that?

Because he was like...

Because he said you get more extroverted and you do more shit and you don't just sit around and get drunk and do...

Because otherwise, people have to...

Everyone has to agree on what to see and shit.

He's like, it's better to get swept up in the regalia.

You know what I mean?

Just have people...

Go backpacking.

Be like, hey, how's you, Susan?

That's scary, though.

You got that.

Hey, you want some pizza?

Hey, do you like spaghettioses?

Insalate.

Yeah.

But it's always the people with the small groups that get caught.

The hikers, Amanda Knox hiking, and then they...

That's true.

But that's what's kind of sweet, too, though.

You know what I mean?

You can get caught up in a fucking mystery murder.

In an Italian jail?

Yeah, man.

That's an exciting life right there.

I think Mexico's scarier.

You could be taken like that movie.

And they're like...

Taken.

Hey, where you goings?

Get in the jailses.

I like that.

Yeah.

It's Italian.

I'm gonna go lie at you.

It's got marinara sauce, eat it, you fucking hooker.

Minara sauce.

Minara.

Is it minara sauce?

Marinara.

Marinara, I believe.

I would probably want to go to maybe...

I don't know.

I'm fucking out of Paris.

How about Montreal?

I can get you into New Faces next year.

Is that a joke?

Because I will do that and I'll take you up on that.

It's a European city.

No, I want to go to Montreal, too.

I mean, I should fucking do it.

I had a bad fear of flying for a while.

Oh, really?

Yeah, I was really claustrophobic.

Did you do gigs and stuff where you had to fly?

I remember Garofalo and I got offered like a tour in Australia.

So did I.

Maybe...

Kidding, go ahead.

Like, you know, whatever, eight years ago.

And I remember I was like, fuck, how long is that flight?

And they're like 14 hours.

I remember Janine was calling me up and she was like, hey, do you want to do that tour?

And I go, that flight's really far.

And she goes, yeah, it's fucking far as shit.

And I go, let's just not do it.

She's like, yeah, let's not do it.

And he's like, turn it down.

I'm sure that would have been an amazing trip, but we were so like...

Just because of the flight.

Yeah, literally solely because of the flight.

I feel like if a flight is going to be that long of 14 or 16 hours, you really have to spend a long time wherever you're going.

You know what I mean?

Like you can't just like pop in for five days.

Yeah, you can't like pop over to Thailand for three days.

Oh, I did.

I did 20.

You did 20 days?

No, 14 days I did.

I'm sorry.

Wow.

You fucking did, really?

Yes.

Okay, that's...

14's okay.

That's good.

Yeah, that's what you want to do.

They flew in for lip-syncing.

They flew in, they're on Australian tour and they flew in to be on Arsenio Hall for one day and flew back because this is like 10, 15 years ago.

Remember that?

Hold on.

Wait.

What are we talking about right now?

I like that Brody has to explain that it was 10 to 15 years ago that new kids were on Arsenio.

New kids are on Arsenio.

Oh, really?

That wasn't last week.

It was during the Milli Vanilli.

Oh, come on.

But they were, the whole Milli Vanilli thing was hot and they were getting...

Oh, that puts it in perspective for me.

Okay.

I know what year we're talking about.

They flew in straight from, they flew into LA and went right back.

Wait, are we talking about the new kids on the block or Milli Vanilli?

Who are we talking about right now?

No, they're talking about flying.

Flying.

A short amount of time and a long flight.

Yeah.

All right, guys.

Well, speaking of that, it's time to play a game here on the show.

Oh.

Game time.

It's time to play a little game called Guess the Misheard Lyrics.

All right, it's time to play Guess the Misheard Lyrics.

We all know how this is played.

I will tell you the artist and the lyric that is commonly misheard and then you tell me the real lyric, what the lyric actually is.

Okay.

Do you guys know music trivia here?

I know music.

I've played trivia before.

I listen to K-Rock, Rick Dees.

Sure.

All right, we'll start with Brody and you'll get a point if you guess it correctly.

All right?

Okay.

We start off a little bit easier than they get tougher.

All right?

So Brody, your lyric is from Pat Benatar.

Pat Benatar.

Fan?

I know of her.

In fact, my friend's father delivered her baby out in the valley.

Pat Benatar.

Fantastic.

All right, here we go.

Then you'll know this probably.

The misheard lyric is, hit me with your pet shark.

I got it.

You already said it.

What do you got?

Hit me with your best shot.

Correct.

Yes.

This is a fun game.

What the fuck?

One point for Brody.

That was the easiest fucking thing I've ever heard.

OBGY100.

They start easy and then they get harder.

Oh, okay.

Hit me with your best shot.

All right, Nick, you ready?

Yeah.

Here we go.

R.E.M.

Just recently disbanded after 25, 30 years in the biz.

I'm so fake sad.

Their misheard lyric is, let's pee in the corner.

Okay.

That's me in the corner.

Correct.

Oh, so you only one word miss all.

I'll fucking start that band up again.

Really?

You want to be the new lead singer of R.E.M.?

Yep.

What's Michael Stipe going to do?

Going to solo work or directing?

Gosh, I wish he were here right now so we could ask him about that.

He's going to go to the Moody Nationals, win the gold medal.

Fuck.

All right, here we go.

This Brody.

Yes.

Brody.

I am bloated.

Bloaty semen.

That's your neck.

Come on, man.

Pink Floyd.

You a fan of Pink Floyd?

I have one of their digitally downloaded albums.

All right.

The Wall.

You may know this one.

This is from The Wall.

Never heard of it.

The ducks are hazards in the classroom.

Hear fuck.

The ducks are hazards in the classroom.

Hear the teachers.

The ducks are hazards in the classroom.

Just give it a guess.

The kids are having it in the classroom?

Ah, so close.

Can I do it?

Can I take it or no?

The kids.

No, I'm sorry.

Fuck you.

We don't have time for you to...

I should know that one.

Fucking dick.

It is, the Dukes of Hazard should be taught in the classroom.

No, it's not.

Yes.

The Dukes of Hazard?

They say that?

Yeah, yeah.

The Dukes of Hazard was big at the time.

It came out in the 70s.

And they said that in a Pink Floyd song?

Oh, wow.

It's such fucking bullshit.

The Dukes of Hazard.

Should be taught in the classroom.

Oh, wow.

All right, Nick, turning over to you.

Billy Joel.

Oh.

Never heard of him.

You made the rice, I made the gravy, but it just may be some tuna fish you're looking for.

Right.

What do you got?

Actual lyric.

Do you want to fuck?

Do you want to suck?

Eat me out.

I'm talking to you, dad.

Is that it?

Oh, man.

That is so close.

Fuck!

You made the rice.

You made the gravy.

You made the pasta.

You made the prosciutto.

So fucking close.

You made the spaghetti.

You made the calzones.

And Billy Joel sat around on his fat, lazy ass watching Sports Center.

Wow.

That's the real lyric.

And that song is the live from Italy.

I know that one.

All right, Brody, turning to you.

You can catch up here.

I'm going to try.

You can take the lead.

I'm going to try.

George Harrison.

Heard of him.

Thought my mom sat on you.

I got my mind set on you.

That was really close.

Unfortunately, it's yo mama so fat, when her beeper goes off, people think she'd be backing up.

Yo mama so hairy chested, I thought her tits were coconuts.

That sounds right.

I got my bed wet with poo.

That's another version, too.

That's true.

My bed wet with poo.

That's another version of that.

I got my bed wet with poo.

I got my mind set on you.

That's not it.

I'm so sorry, Brody.

You'd think it would be.

All right.

This is the last question.

You can take the lead or you'll be co-champions because you've tied.

Which would you rather be, champion or co-champion?

I don't mind being co-champion.

I want to be champion.

All right.

Here we go.

Co-chaplain.

Michael Jackson.

Heard of him.

This is for Nick.

Is he an actor?

Show them hot monkey.

Shock the monkey.

Yep.

Blow the cock donkey.

Is that it?

No.

I'm so sorry.

It is.

The actual lyric is.

My son's name is Blanket.

It's actually.

Hee hee.

Bubbles.

Hoo.

Shamone.

Where Bubbles at?

Show them hot monkey.

Hee hee.

Bubbles at.

Hoo.

Hot monkey.

Oh.

Sorry, Nick.

You did not get it.

That means you're co-champions though.

We'll take it.

Co-champion like Minneapolis and St. Paul.

Twin cities.

That is of course how we play.

St. Cloud University.

God, that game is tough.

Mall of America.

Most lyrics are not what you think they are when you actually.

They're not at all.

Harmon.

Killabrew.

Rod Carew.

Bert Blylevin.

Have a picture of me and Bert Blylevin.

Be home Blylevin.

Alright guys, let's take a little break.

What do you say?

And then when we come back we'll have another guest on the show.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang with Brody Stevens and Nick Swartz.

and we'll be right back.

And he can't play the drum No, he can't play the drum Listen to him playin' the drum Todd Berry is an idiot Todd Berry is an idiot What if Todd Berry was an idiot Just to stop Todd Berry was an idiot What if Todd Berry was an idiot Just to stop like one of us What if Todd was one of us Idiot That is... Whoa!

That is Amy Mann and Tim Heidecker featuring Todd Berry on drums Todd Berry is an idiot This is Comedy Bang Bang We're back with Brody Stevens and Nick Swartzen and we have a very special guest here coming into the studio Hello In fact, he just came into the studio I'm not quite sure who he is Are we on the air?

I mean, yeah, we're recording It's Bob Cage I'm Nick Cage's brother Stand in Okay Yeah Dude, I'm so psyched I'm a huge fan, by the way Thank you Of Nick Cage Love your work in Face Off That's my brother That's Nick Cage I'm Bob Cage Gotcha Yeah, you said you were his stand-in I'm his stand-in So you're not sitting in the movie?

But I don't take credit for it No, I don't take credit for his work Got it That would be low That would be very low of me Take credit I do my own stuff Did a one-man show Oh Yeah, I saw it Cool, well, thanks for coming in, man It's great to meet you I'm just gonna return to the show here with Nick All right Let's do it If his show comes back, though, it's called Cage Against the Machine Fantastic It's all Bob It's all me with Rage Against the Machine I do a lot of talking about how those songs influenced different experiences in my life Really great show Really great show Which one was the most influential?

Rage Against the Machine song Sure, yeah, we were talking about those Gorilla Radio You know what, I'd have to say, yeah, Gorilla Radio is pretty good Because the thing is, I collect animals I did have gorillas And I would live with those gorillas And they would play with the radio to a degree that would drive me crazy They were very into Hot Country I don't know if you know that, the Trace Adkins, stuff like that Toby Keith Yeah, exactly So when I hear that Gorilla Radio, it brings me back to having those gorillas in my house changing the radio station So these are the kind of tough things I deal with And you talk about that in the show Yeah To that extent, what you just did It's kind of, somebody said it's like Angels in America as a one-man show It's really moving Yeah Where did you see it, Nick?

I saw it at the new Pasadena Playhouse Yep, Pasadena Playhouse And then I just saw the other one at the new Chick-fil-A Well, yeah, that's what I've moved to Yeah, I was out in front of the Pasadena Playhouse Now I am doing it exclusively at the Chick-fil-A They can't stop me At midnight, it is a public space The parking lot is mine I'm occupying Chick-fil-A Just capitalism and chicken They go hand in hand, yeah A matinee on Sunday, they're at Chick-fil-A?

Always, of course Especially Sundays They don't open on Sundays Why?

Religion Chick-fil-A's not open on Sundays?

No Is that correct?

Nope Religion comes in It's the opiate of the Mass Do you get Biblical?

You know, I try to get Biblical I try to open up In the show?

Well, the Book of Secrets Which is a reference to my brother's movie National Treasure 2 Is it really?

Book of Secrets, yeah Yeah Yeah, the first one was about something else And this one was about the Book of Secrets So you call the Bible the Book of Secrets?

No, I read from the Book of Secrets Oh, the literal Book of Secrets Yeah, it's a book of, just Nic Cage-isms I salute my brother in different movies What are some of those Nic Cage-isms?

Well, one thing is I'd rather be moon-struck Than struck by a moon That's one thing he always says I like that That's good I would imagine that would hurt I mean, it doesn't seem like we're spinning On this great big orb that we're on Right But we're actually traveling several Trillion miles an hour Hey, I'm not a scientist Dude But I guess that does sound pretty right It sounds pretty right on Yeah By the way, the moon kills 300 people a day Yeah A lot of people don't realize that And not from tidal waves or anything like that From actually slamming into them It'll come down Yeah, like just come down Like one of those bouncy balls Like, bam!

And just, you know, just knock everything out People explode Yeah, pretty bad, pretty bad Anytime you hear of a missing person It's not that they're missing It's that the moon crashed into them The fucking moon The moon death So if we have a full moon here in LA Is there a full moon in New York on the same night?

You know what?

That's something you got to ask Albert Einstein Or somebody like that You can ask me though No, moons are different in every zip code Really?

Yeah, if it's full here in LA Then it's a sliver off every other zip code So essentially if you're in like Echo Park You'll get a different moon Than you'll get in Santa Monica Yeah, definitely Wow Makes sense Love it Makes a lot of sense Fuck, the moon is so controversial I mean, I didn't want to talk about it that much Because I'm involved in an organization That's trying to get rid of it But You know, brother I'm right with you The moon is bad news Again, with Chick-fil-A They, you know It's all these kind of They're working in tandem They are indeed I did a little time in prison And let me tell you something When I was in there A lot of theories were going around A lot of crazy things And the two things I took out With Chick-fil-A and the moon are bad Those are the two?

Those are the two most prominent Wow, yeah Of the discussions A lot of people getting stuff pinned on them Who'd you hang out with in the prison?

The Aryan guys?

The You know, the cool thing is Nick Cage movies No, no bounds I was able to kind of go in with the Aryans I was in with the blacks You know Latino gang bangers You name it I was able to just really have a great time With these guys A lot of these guys misunderstood, guys Was it a lot like that movie Con Air But not on a plane?

You know what?

Yeah, it was like Con Air in a prison That didn't move and no one escaped I bet you could use some Con Air conditioning What's up, player?

Or hairdryer?

Seriously though, I could use some air conditioning I could use some air conditioning Can I plug your other new movie?

Please, go ahead Bob also has another movie coming out He's also in the vein of kind of a Frank Stallone He has a movie coming out Yes, indeed Called National Pleasure Yeah Wonderful movie I'm working with some amazing actresses Tawny Catane, if you remember her Yeah She's in it I do nothing but remember her She's a beauty The second Tool Time Girl, not Pamela Anderson But the other one She's in it It's called National Pleasure Basically what I do is I find a Kind of like a giant vibrator that when turned on Will affect every woman in a 50 mile radius Giving them hence national pleasure Right, 50 miles all across this great USA Well, I move it I'm constantly moving it It's on some sort of flatbed truck Yeah, it's on kind of like a trailer A flatbed truck I'm a truck driver in the movie Who is given this kind of secret cargo During a stop at a local pilot And the keys to the truck Well, yeah, I'm a truck driver Yeah, you're given the cargo and the keys to the truck Exactly, yeah, that gave me the whole thing You know, normally I hook my rig up Probably an instruction manual Well, I'll hook up You know, I'll keep the cab always I mean, you know, I decorate the cab with different Kind of funny air fresheners The one I got right now is a Pac-Man You know, which I love Because it brings me back to my youth I was a Pac-Man champion three years running What does that sound like?

Pac-Man fever?

Pac-Man peeing on asteroids?

You know what?

I would love to find one of those I saw one of those in Arkansas one time But yeah, I like it I like anybody peeing on an asteroid Greatest regret of your life That you passed that one up, I bet It was indeed I mean, you know, at that time I was rocking a Calvin And he was pissing on a Ford Symbol Which I always find funny Because I really thought that Bill Watterson He really opened up that world of Calvin After he left the comic strips The pissing stuff It just became so much richer Way funnier, way funnier Really digging into what made Calvin Calvin Just pissing on things And you know, Hobie's isn't there And that's what I think is the best part of it So tell us more about what else they gave you When they gave you the Oh, the National Pleasure Truck?

They gave you the truck, the keys The instruction manual You kept the cab Well, the cab, you know It also has a serious satellite radio So I have an instruction manual For the different satellite radio stations I could hear You know, Broadway, Classic, Fantasy, Football Channel Whatever I want to hear Howard 100, Howard 101 You know, so anyway I'm driving a stop at a pilot to take a shower And a shit, you know That's what I normally do This is not me You know, this is my character Yeah, yeah And you know, I was like What is in that truck?

Oh, you haven't looked inside it yet And they didn't tell you what it is Never look at the cargo That's my rule Never look at the cargo Just deliver it This is the one time you break that rule Exactly I open it up because I hear a little rattle Inciting incident See this gigantic, gigantic Like space looking thing Says do not turn on And then on the bottom says Because of national pleasure Right Whoa And you know, with all this stuff You know, and we're living in this Barack Obama, you know, Marxist society People need to have some pleasure, you know And so, you know, so I flip it on Oh And all of a sudden the ladies at the truck stop This, you know, old You know, it's a funny comic relief part Because they're super old They're fat People who shouldn't enjoy sexual pleasure Exactly They don't want to be pussies anymore No, right And then they just Zip them up Exactly I have a friend in jail Who actually sewed his butt hole shut Really?

That is something that is Is kind of going around It's kind of like those glow in the dark tattoos If I were going to jail I'd do the same thing Yeah You got to You got to zip it up Anyway So these women start to start orgasming Like crazy And I go, oh my God, I got this Now, meanwhile, the government's after me You know, it's the guy Gregory Itzen from 24 He played the vice president So good Really good actor Yeah He comes after me You know, but I got this He plays the government?

He plays, you know, one of the main guys in the government Kind of thing J. Edgar Hoover with a Vin Diesel tinge You know And so it's kind of like Fast and the Furious Meets Smokey and the Bandit Meets, you know, most porn Any porno Yeah And there's a lot of sex going on And I mean, most of the stuff Do you actually have sex in the movie?

I don't I am controlling the I'm controlling the giant vibrator And that is giving women pleasure across the country Is this a hard R?

Or are we NC17?

The box, the cover box does say triple X on it So, yeah I heard, though, that it got down You went and appealed the ratings board Because it used to be quadruple X Exactly We brought it in And what they said to us They don't tell you exactly what to do But we had a scene with four fists And we just knocked it out to three And we got back down to that Four fists That doesn't sound that harsh Fists Fists and one butt I mean, look If we're going to get to that kind of specific And then, yeah And that's what we cut out But that will all be on the DVD And the Blu-ray Oh, great A great extra Unrated version?

Unrated version, I hope Knock wood If this is wood, yeah Yeah, it definitely is So it doesn't sound like you get to partake In any of the fun stuff, though No, but when I watch it I enjoy all the ladies enjoying themselves Yeah But you give it validity Just because of who you are So you almost like Exactly Make it a legitimate film Where it could cross over And find a mainstream audience Exactly When people see, you know, Cage National pleasure They're going to go Let's go see that And maybe, yes 95% of them will think Nicholas Cage But I think that the 10% fan base That I've accrued on Twitter With my Bob Cage Tweeter You know We get a lot of people in the seats now Is your brother upset at you?

It seems to me like It could be construed As you're capitalizing on his fame A little bit And taking it somewhere Just one notch below The movies he normally makes You know what?

That's a tough question I wasn't expecting Come on here to be attacked I apologize If you want We can give you 30 seconds To think about your answer If you want 30 seconds of silence Sure Alright, here we go Time's up What do you got?

No, the answer was no Oh, okay, great Well, I heard a story Your brother filed for bankruptcy recently Yeah, I was living in one of his castles I know, I've heard about that I heard One reason is that On a trip to Vegas You called him And you needed to borrow 25 million dollars What happened there?

That is true And the fuck?

The only specific You've heard wrong Was that it was Atlantic City And it was 25 million Yeah, it was indeed 25 million Jesus, Bob Yeah, I get a little bit of Addicted to playing Pie gal poker You know, that's my game Oh my God Yeah Did you just say I'd like to bet this hotel And if I win I win the hotel Normally You know, that's what I will do I'll kind of bet people And their wives Your children And things like that This time I did ask the Borgata To put themselves up against me To play a little pie gal Now The idea is It's kind of like Black Jack Aurora Assault It's nothing like Black Jack actually And that is why I lost that 25 million Right Didn't know the rules Yeah Was this the first time You'd played You know Asians What This is the first hand You'd ever played before Yeah, first hand Ever played I just liked it I liked that You know It looked like Black Jack To me I was mistaken Right There were cards With numbers on it Anybody could think I was Black Jack Exactly I mean That's the thing I'm trying to really Get the word out About on my Twitter Is that A lot of these casinos They're playing the cards With the flavor That's why now I'm only on ball Ball kind of games Like roulette Lottery Lottery Yeah Craps Craps or dice game But you know You could play with ball bearings Well there you go Circle dice Yeah, circle dice Dungeons and Dragons dice I would do that as well Really Yeah Craps with Dungeons and Dragons dice That would be fun That would be intense But you might summon one of them warlocks We don't want that I'm sorry I thought we were doing Another moment of silence To let you rethink that one No, no, no He's got a point He's got a point You know That's the problem With those D&D dice man You never know What you're gonna get Give me a seven Give me a seven Oh my god We're all being mauled By warlocks You get them to come Through the cross portal Yeah Now Yeah Your nephew seems to be Having a lot of problems Oh yeah Flashing out Getting beat up By a key trainer Yeah It was all over TMZ I saw that I mean Brody has hosted TMZ So he knows a lot Brody let me tell you something I watched you on TMZ I thought that what you did Out there was amazing The high kick I was impressed I think that you brought an energy Unlike anybody else there You brought a tambourine Unlike anybody else I brought a tambourine Got it in there I like what you said about Justin Bieber You kinda called him out For being a little bit Smarter than he was And I appreciate that There you go He brought some You know what we call it Versa-limitude I believe You brought some That is 100% How you pronounce that Yeah you brought some Versa-limitude to TMZ You brought some Truthfulness And Bieber took notice He did He's been on the down low He has indeed And you know Took heed You know so yeah But my nephew Is in a lot of trouble But you know Look What are your responsibilities As an uncle?

As an uncle Yeah My responsibilities Are just to kick it When we need to kick it Talk about it When we need to talk about it And just forget about it And just forget about it When we don't need to talk about it How often do you need to kick it Or talk about it?

Well you know With Roman I mean it depends It's all over the board I mean he'll wanna talk Sometimes he'll wanna kick But I'm gonna say It's a 25-75 ratio 25 kick it 75% forget about it Have you ever met him?

No Oh yeah Just some lonely Skype calls Well we communicate Over post-it notes That we leave in public locations A lot of times Dead drops Yeah dead drops You know your local Your local donut places There's a place out here Called Winchell's On Melrose Exactly The Steve Jobs memorial Really stole from us We've been leaving those posts On glass Plate glass windows For a long time And you know So you know Imagine my dismay When I went to The Apple store at the Grove Where I hang out a lot And you'd left one there I left one there And now I'm looking at all these I'm like oh my god You know There's a lot of messages But I realized It was just for Steve Jobs Alright guys Let's take a little break When we come back We'll have a little more Of Bob Cage You're a fascinating guy I want to hear a little bit More about you Definitely We have Brody Stevens Of course Love Brody Nick, not Cage But Swartzen is here Love Nick Swartzen Love this guy Fantastic guy Love pretend time Love it God bless you Bob Let's hear a little bit Of Steve Martin And Chevy Chase And Martin Short singing What do you say?

Oh is this Bobby McFerrin?

This is Bobby McFerrin Here on Comedy Box I love it Oh dear little buttercup With your eyes so blue Oh little buttercup You're a dream come true You and I will settle down In a cottage built for two Dear little buttercup I love you Everybody My little buttercup Has the sweetest smile Dear little buttercup Won't you stay awhile You and I will settle down In a cottage built for two Dear little buttercup Sweet little buttercup My little buttercup I love you That is from Three Amigos of course Welcome back I'm Hot Sauce Officerman We're here with Bob Cage And Brody Stephenson We were shooting Valley Girl Right next door to that Three Amigos Really?

Yeah it was great Boy they sat Three Amigos On the shelf for a long time I know they did They did indeed yeah Did you run into those Three Amigos?

Never met them I thought it was a Spanish picture I didn't want to go over there And get embarrassed It was a Spanish picture You guys shot all on the same back lot?

All in the same black lot The universal back lot The home of every film From Desperate Housewives to Parenthood I mean it really runs the gamut Yeah every film is from there You shot Bucky Larson there didn't you?

We shot Bucky for a year and a half there Yeah We had an Avatar schedule Where we shot Just you wanted to make sure You got it right It was insane Yeah we had new cameras We had whole new technology You shot every scene 8 times too?

Every scene 80 times Wow That's actually the correct Kind of like the feature You're like the David Fincher of comedy In the sense that you don't stop Until it's perfect You don't stop You got to get 80 takes men I read you had an interesting style Where it wasn't 80 takes from the same angle You did 80 different angles And that's why it took so long Like The Matrix?

Yeah like The Matrix I want a perspective from everything What does the window think of the scene?

What does the ceiling think of the scene?

What does that lamp think of the scene?

Nick may I ask you a question?

Yes Was this because you were preparing For the amazing immersive technology That will eventually become holodecks?

Go Like that if you shot that way You could essentially This would be the first holodeck movie Bob you know the answer to that question Yes of course Thank you We're bracing for a technological tsunami I've been bracing for it for a long time You know that Whoopi Goldberg has been taping Herself as the holodeck person Just Guinan Technically she worked in the bar But she did visit the holodeck quite often Well she's been taping They knew her background on that show And they're like we need a Warm welcoming presence on the holodeck So they've been taping her saying Every word in the English language Just like Roger Ebert And they're just going to splice it together If Whoopi doesn't get discovered After that She needs a fucking break She's a great talent That not a lot of people know about She has not gotten that break yet She hasn't gotten enough breaks No one's given her every opportunity She was good in Ghost Not great But good Good not great indeed But good She did a movie With a dinosaur Where she played a cop And the dinosaur Sister Act I think that's what it was called And it was really I mean You know Again Good not great We're looking for that Next level performance We're looking for You know Hate to say it Nick Cage Vampire's Kiss That's the kind of performance That we're looking for To elevate her Exactly Next level That's next level man When do you know You've achieved that Bob When do you know That you've done a Vampire's Kiss type of movie You know Like has Nick done A next level type movie yet Well Nick I mean He did Vampire's Kiss Obviously That's true No I mean Nick He obviously did Vampire's Kiss I'm sorry I did Vampire's Kiss also Which was the sequel I played the Kiss Right Which was great Nick I'm going to tell you this They call me The star maker Okay And I can tell you I'm sniffing around And what I'm sniffing Is a garden that is Growing Swartzen Oh my God I mean My God You watch this guy's performance In 30 minutes or less And I'm like You know what I want 90 minutes or more Of Nick Swartzen Yeah That's kind of what I want Bob Bucky Larson Born to be a star Slash that Bucky Larson Is a star Yeah Bob I mean Those words are Powerful Such a fan of yours Thank you From Cage Against the Machine Thank you From National Pleasure Thank you From Ghost Rider Oh You're going to go there Ghost Rider Ghost Rider That was a great flick I mean Bob I can't thank you enough Well you know what I'm going to tell you You got star potential And you know what I tell my brother To watch out Because you know There's only room for one Nick Yeah In Hollywood at one time And it's going to be Nick Swartzen And that's actually true And I told Nick Kroll Forget about it bro You're not even in the running You starred in one of Nick Cage's films And everyone just said It was Nick Cage right?

True That is true Which one was that?

It was one of the most Recent ones Season of the Witch Season of the Witch That's what I thought Yeah No one saw it So really it was not A few reviewers caught on Because most of the shit Most of the film was shot From behind my head And you don't look anything Like your brother Nothing like him I am 4'7 I weigh about 320 And you know I'm rocking I'm rocking a pretty solid goatee With a strong Raleigh moustache You know one of those Curly Q russ moustaches I'm surprised you have The dreadlocks too That just seems like It wouldn't be a good For a stand in You know what?

I got to tell you These dreads keep the sun out And you know Keeps my head protected Number one cause of death Of people in California Getting hit in the head By the moon Well that's it Actually you're right You don't remember men But the moon fucking hates Dreadlocks So that's Now how about The Vegas movies Been up there For a honeymoon in Vegas Honeymoon Leaving Las Vegas Emotional Were you there For your brother For those moments Where he had to get Deep into character I remember looking at him And telling him During honeymoon in Vegas I said This is your chance You're working with The master James Kahn And the mistress Sarah Jessica Parker And I was like You gotta bring it You gotta bring it Like a robber Bringing guns To a bank To an actual robbery Yeah Right That's the way I said it If I could go back in time I would say that Someday we will Yeah and you know I remember he told me I would love to be I would love You guys You guys are into that Time travel stuff At all I'm so fucking into time travel Like let's talk about it Right now Okay I'm a big believer In the butterfly effect That's why I'm much more In the side of the Terra Nova type of Time travel Which is go back Into an alternate universe If you can choose Yeah Always choose the Alternate universe Yeah because it's gonna Be fun I mean who wants to have The issue of You spill a You know A glass of water A bean Yeah there will be No iPods You know Yeah I wanna go into A Terra Nova type of world You know Where it's like Hey I don't give a shit There's no iPods Because look There's water all over my floor And look what happened And that's the beauty Of time travel Anyway we're doing So beautiful Honeymoon in Vegas I'm telling Nick Bring it Bring it With all the energy you got Eight Oscars Yeah from Honeymoon in Vegas I was gonna say Two blockbuster awards Well yeah No he won those two Blockbuster awards Yeah those I mean everyone knows That's the industry standing The blockbuster Those are the fan awards The fans Chosen by the fans Not by the fucking money men Not by the Jews Those are the special ones Yeah exactly And the blockbuster awards Are even more relevant now Because there are no Blockbusters Yeah but Yet the voting is never Stopping 49 cent rentals Does not stop I thought it was weird That in leaving Las Vegas And only in that scene You were the one Who had sex with Elizabeth Chu Oh ho ho In the shower With a dick That's kind of like Clue right Yeah man I get it like a murder Like you murdered Her pussy with your dick Yeah that's right In the shower With a dick So you were fully nude You didn't use the pasties Nope I told Elizabeth Who's an amazing actress I said we gotta bring this We gotta bring this raw Let's bring you back You know Do a raw dog You know we'll do a raw dog We'll do it emotional And you know It's like when it doesn't When you see it fake The best love scene of all time Kim Basinger Alec Baldwin Getaway remake Real Real because they really Are having sex The worst is You know something like Where it's just You know people effing But they're not really Effing you know And so that's You know that's why I hate watching that Anytime I'm watching a movie And you can tell That the guy's penis Isn't actually in her Vagina for real You can tell Why shoot it No pun intended No pun intended No pun intended Exactly Why shoot it The movie I wanted you to do That you tried to You pitched with Elizabeth Shue That was in the trades For a minute Yeah That was your idea Which I thought was genius Was I can't believe you know this Adventures in baby shitting Okay Let me tell you Where this idea came from Okay I'd love to hear Just the chronology From Soup to Nut Okay What are the Women all across the country Have this problem Yeah They shit babies Yeah That's true The idea of this thing You know She did this great movie Called I forget the name of it But it was a parody title We made Adventures in baby shitting I forget her movie Yeah Adventures in baby shitting Oh That sounds about right So We're doing Adventures in baby shitting Sure And this is ten years Before her movie Yeah I mean this is when She was deciding about Between either one No You get ten years To decide on a movie And if you don't decide After ten years Poof it goes away Exactly This is my favorite Of all Kubrick movies AI Yeah The best one Absolutely They released that one After he died Thank god he didn't Direct that one Thanks So good Spielberg really brought Kubrick up another level Picked him up a notch Yeah He did the vampire's kiss Of directing You know what I never thought about it Like that but you're right Adventures in baby sitting Was a great film In the Baby shitting I'm sorry Yeah I was gonna say I was gonna argue with you On that It'll be GYN Right You know Exclamation point I always say Cause I love my job You know And basically the idea is What was it like For me You know A man about town Having to deal with all these Baby shitting things Apparently women freaked out Because they felt that Baby shitting was a terrible way To kind of You know Call women having birth Yeah Right It's a little insensitive But I like the part in that Where We're gonna do it animated though Oh really Like an animated Saturday morning kids side version Like Fritz the cat I love the part in that Where your character You have the cab of your truck And you're You're given the The truck full of babies The back of the truck And they You hook it up There's like a long Like probably 98 minute Scene just Watching you attach The back of the truck To your cab And just like You get it wrong Well that was before I actually Got a cab rider In all my movies I didn't understand How to hook the cab Up to the cargo But that was the pivotal scene Yeah Once I hooked the cab up It did take about 98 minutes And we did it real time Just kind of like Barry Lyndon Another great You know Kubrick movie And the Echelon Probably the best Kubrick movie Yeah Probably the best You know And so we had this Final scene where Again I'm being chased By the government And they hook all these Women up to this machine Yeah And use them like Kind of like a rocket launcher Cause we've You know We've put a pump In each of their vaginas Yeah Exactly Yeah And so we're shooting them At Russia You know Because that's Cold War You've got to remember This is back in 1976 Or so Bicentennial We created You know We were predicting The Cold War Years before People actually knew What was coming up So we're firing them at it And you know And we save the day And everything You know Again it's a shame That that did not Get any mainstream release It was the Ford Fairlane of No traction That's something I'm thinking about They're going to go They snap back Exactly That's what it was for You know People thought it was cruel Cause it's like Don't fire these babies Who are just being Born at Russia No you forget That they're going to snap Back and the women Get to keep their babies It's kind of like The moon idea You know It just hits you in the face Knocks you over And comes right back Here's the thing though And I'm going to just You know I'm going to get on My soap box right now Okay hold on Hold on Soapbox did And just say You know We did shoot that And the Harlem Globetrotters Did steal that bit From us You know The umbilical cord bit They did it with the Basketball We did it with babies And you know I got to say No respect All disrespect No respect all disrespect That's a great point Soapy box All disrespect Soapy box I love your soap box Alright guys Well let's take a little Break here I want to know A little bit more About you Bob But when we come back For a new game This is Comedy Bang Bang Poppin' bottles in the ice, like a blizzard When we drink, we do it right, getting slizzer Sippin' scissor, been my ride, like a 3-6 Now I'm feelin' so fly, like a G-6 Like a G-6, like a G-6 Now, now, now, now, I'm feelin' so fly, like a G-6 Like a G-6, like a G-6 I'm feelin' so fly, like a G-6 Give me that Momoette, give me that criss-criss style Ladies love my style, at my table getting wild Get them bottles poppin', we get that drip in the drop now Now give me two more bottles, cause you know it don't stop When sober girls around me, they be actin' like they drunk They be actin' like they drunk, actin' like they drunk Sippin' scissor, been my ride, like a 3-6 Now I'm feelin' so fly, like a G-6 Like a G-6, like a G-6 I'm feelin' fly, so fly, like a G-6 That's an area code out in San Fernando Valley, home of Warner Brothers Ah, I thought it was how many dicks you take in your ass Oh, Scott!

Yeah, motherfucker If that is possible, we'd love to talk to you about it Eight and one-eight Eight and one-eight, wow No, so eight and one-eight, that's your hope you're representing I'm representing that through AT&T, I'm representing that through our compound Got it, got it Our family compound out there Brody, would you like to do crowd work with Bob Cage here?

Bob Cage, great to see ya, so where did you go to high school?

I went to high school over at St. John the Baptist I believe that, you went through a little, and you didn't complete it, you could have gone to Santa Monica High School, Beverly Hills High School, you said I want to get out of this rigamemore, rigamemoroll I think you're trying to say rigamortis Rigamortis?

Rigamortis, get me out to St. John the Baptist and let me pave my own way Right, indeed I did This guy, I've seen him do crowd work, best crowd work I've ever seen Thank you very much Been to, I have been personally to over fifteen different Chelsea lately tapings This is back when it was good, when Brody was doing the crowd work It really took a dive after Brody left I left after you left I left and took the show with me basically Those shows don't seem warm, the crowds don't seem to laugh as much They scream and yell, I got true laughs, I connected, I did it for the comedians, I did it for the talent on the show I followed you from best damn sports show, over to Chelsea lately That's the only way I'll watch TV unless when I'm warmed up is when I'll enjoy it Nick, you took Brody's job after he left Chelsea lately, you're the warm up person for Chelsea lately I did, it was a career move that confused my agents, but I'm kind of, I want to go back to my roots I did warm up, crowd warm up Do magic, did you give out candy, did you give out t-shirts, what was the deal?

I gave out lessons, life lessons, I handed out a lot of my knowledge working the streets You know, I kind of gave out these people, these tourists from Indiana, from Ohio Welcome to America Welcome to Los Angeles, here's how you blow an old man You know what I mean, so I just gave them little tips and stuff like that What are the tips on blowing an old man?

How's it different from a...

What street?

Oh, yeah, that's true It all varies man, the Beverly old men are, you know, they're a little bit more laid back, you know what I mean?

The Beverly Hills ones?

No, Beverly Boulevard Beverly Hills, Beverly Hills is their game They're so bored with fucking, because they've had so much money, that they're like, give me something new, and that's when they see Nicky Swords bring his fucking A game A lot of them I'm doing the vampire's kiss at blowjobs Yeah, vampire's kiss Yeah And then fill me up with some man-pire fire piss on my fucking throat You know, I used to have...

I think you can turn anything into a sexual double entendre It's a gift I used to have a shirt, I used to have a dress shirt that said man-pire piss on it Really?

Yeah, it's one of my favorite dress shirts A dress shirt?

Yeah, I would wear it out Man-pire piss on it Exactly Man-pire piss on me, man-pire, okay Exactly Got it And that's the kind of...

In the back, almost like a baseball logo?

Like a jersey?

Well, no, it was all in the front It was all in the front, but it had a separate thing where the tie would go, so the tie wouldn't block the slogan Oh That's why I love that book, one of your books that you wrote, it's all in the front Yeah It's like such a great motto for...

I appreciate it, and I appreciate you calling it a book and not a pamphlet, like a lot of people called it, but it is all in the front You don't have a second chance to make a first impression I said that, it got took off and never get credit for it, but it is all in the front But it is on the front, everyone gives you credit for that Exactly Look, when you look at the Ides of March picture, the poster for it, what do you see?

You don't see the back of George Clooney's head, right?

No, that would be insane Exactly, it's all in the front You were the first person to recognize that people recognize people from their fronts Exactly And your motto, that I thought was really cool, you can't fuck a girl with your asshole, is so true and honest, because you can't That's what we are trying to do as a people a lot of the times, trying to fuck girls with our, you know, this is all a metaphor obviously You know, we are all trying to fuck girls with our assholes And you got to understand, like, yes, that's a sexual organ, yes, you can have sex with that organ, but you can't have that kind of sex It's the pleasure center for just extreme intense pleasure that a man, the most intense pleasure that a man can ever Very sensitive down there Very sensitive, I mean, you know And quite often, itchy is all fucked Well, not for me, I do a daily colonic, but I'll tell you, I mean, the idea I use baby wipes Oh, I do as well Makes a difference Cottonel swath wipes have changed my entire life The entire way of going to the bathroom has changed Why did we stop this?

When we were children, we had soft wipes Then we go to dry wipes, what's changed?

Yeah, what's going on there?

Raise your children better Anyway, you can't fuck a girl with the asshole Because it's sort of like, if you want to go shoot a gun in a movie theater, you can't, you got to bring a gun to a gun range, you can't fucking Or bring a movie to your gun range No, that wouldn't work No, why not?

Why not?

Outdoor, you know, drive in DVD player I guess you could do that, I guess technically, I'm just saying, let's, you know, it's like food combining, let's keep it separate, you know, be healthy You like to keep all your food separate Keep the shell fish away from the chicken You don't like recipes, I remember reading No, everything's good You wrote that one book, the anti-recipe book, where it's just a list of ingredients Just a picture of chicken, a picture of chicken, but cook that, you know, picture of carrots, eat that, you know, and it's, you know, it's helpful because we got to remember there are foods out there That aren't combined Yeah Exactly Because so much of our food is combined lately Pizza, over 17 different ingredients in pizza, you got the bread ingredient Oh, what else?

You got the tomato ingredient What else?

You got the cheese ingredients What else?

You got the pepperoni What else?

You got the pepper ingredient You got the sausage You got the mushroom ingredient What else?

The sausage What else?

The pineapple What else?

You got the cheese filled crust What else?

You got also Deep dish possibilities You got the olives What else?

You got Mushrooms We said mushrooms Oh But you know what you also have?

The mozzarella Oh, the mozzarella Yeah, so that's a cursory list of 13 of the 17 items We don't have time for 14 through 17 No, I mean, look, I don't want to get Afraid I have to cut you off I don't want to bore your audience with the other ingredients of pizza But I mean, that's the kind of thing you don't think about No What you're eating God damn it I wish people would fucking wake up That's what I said to Nick I said, yeah, you got to wake up, you got to stop You got to do a movie about food combining It should be National Treasure, part three The, you know Stop combining your food It's like Kyle C says, we got to wake up We got to wake up and smell the pizza Is Kyle C the guy I took my standup comedy class from?

Yeah That breakdown video is one of the fucking most intense things I've ever seen When you, when he looks you in the eye And you immediately revert to like a baby like fetal position Just start crying Yeah And you can barely hear you say knock knock He is my Uda Hagen He is my comedy Uda Hagen That's intense, dude That's intense, dude Extreme method Thank you, thank you All right, guys Well, it's time to play a little game here on the show Oh, another game A game that one of our favorites here It's time to play a little something called Would You Rather All right Oh Ooh, medieval trumpet No, this is Santa Anita on Sunday I own the world's largest collection of medieval trumpets, actually Welcome to the Breeders' Cup This is the song my balls play when my dick comes That's my text All right, it's time to play Would You Rather We all know how this is played People send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter Which is at CBBWYR Comedy Bambang Would You Rather I go through them, I'll read them out loud And then I'll open the floor for questions You can ask me any question about either scenario I have all the answers here I'll let you know in order to help you narrow down your selection We will then vote and I'll tally up the points And assign a winner And that is how it is done And our first scenario comes to us from Joshua Archiquette Archiquette Archiquette Archiquette So it's Joshua Joshua Arch And then I and then Q-U-E-T-T-E All right Joshua Archiquette He's got a fascinating scenario here This is gonna I think there's gonna be a lot of questions about this We play this on the set of G-Force all the time Would You Rather I love you on G-Force Which of those gerbils did you play?

Well my brother played Speckles Right I just was hanging out with him you know while I was doing the VO record Oh you did the voices for all the gerbils?

No I just hung out with him while he was doing Spreckles You know but then you know everyone else is there When did the VO come into this because Nick Cage actually played the actual gerbil Who did the voice though?

That is the I guess I guess he told you it's cool to say it yeah Nick Cage actually did some Plastic Surgeon and he was an actual gerbil in that movie Yeah he's never changed back Never No that's why that you were in Season of the Witch He's a witch Yeah he didn't want to come out of his trailer Ghost riders heads on fire of course yeah I mean these are the things that people don't tell you Piper Mackenzie Harris real bitch All right here we go so Archiquette asks That gerbil surgery cost Nick Cage seventy five million dollars That's another reason that bankruptcy That's why I had no problem asking him for the twenty five million I was like bro you're going to turn yourself into a gerbil you know for seventy five you know forever how much that was you know you can certainly squeeze that out you know shit that out for me I mean you know Sorcerer's Apprentice I mean that was like one quarter of his budget Yeah and you knew that he had only one hundred million dollars so I did indeed I was asking only for a fourth All right so our mother Joy Fogel sang Roy's just well Archiquette asks would you rather go to a movie or just hang out and maybe order a pizza Well depends on the movie Okay I'm opening the floor for questions here we go this is a fascinating conundrum Is the movie a Nick Cage movie No it is not Okay then that means I haven't seen it so now I'm interested Okay any other questions Is the movie in 3D No it is not Okay any other questions Is the movie currently in theaters No it is not Is it a sneak preview of a movie that's coming out in theaters No it is not Can we ask questions regarding the pizza Sure yeah Is it deep dish No it is not Is it vegan No it is not How many ingredients are on the pizza I'm sorry these are supposed to be yes or no questions Oh got it are there more than 17 ingredients on the pizza No there are not Are there any actors acting on the pizza Yes there are Oh Holy shit Oh Wow So there are actors on the pizza acting and you can see a movie that is not in the theater All right all right now we've really gotten a ball game going on here Any other questions If you go out will you live to come back home No you will not All right so going out as a death is definitely death That is definitely all right well well well well well well well that's it I've made up So it's would you rather do the pizza or the movie Correct I'm gonna go No don't vote yet don't vote yet Shit There's still more questions Where are you living your apartment is oh is apartment a good area or bad or your house good area bad Yes or no questions you know how to play Good area I know you've never been on the show but you should know Is a house in a good area No it is not To the bad Are there more than ten actors on the pizza Yes there are Are the actors on the pizza acting out Captain Corelli's mandolin one of my favorite movies of all time Yes of course All right I think I got a choice made All right any other questions for either scenario If you leave the house you'll die If you stay on the house you'll have a pizza Where actors are acting out Captain Corelli's mandolin I think I think I think you have to be out of your mind to make a choice All right I'm closing the floor for questions and we're gonna vote Brody let's go to you how do you like to vote here I would like to stay at home and see the movie is that what it is Oh Nick you just smacked my tricep Supposed to eat the pizza after you watch the performance of Captain Corelli's mandolin All right Nick how do you like to vote I am actually allergic to actors so I would leave the house and fucking die Okay great and Bob how do you like to vote You know my answer it always is the same I will kill myself Okay great well let me tally up the points here Looks like Bob Cage you got 1,317 points Oh yeah Nick you got 1,317 points and Brody you got 1,317 points so you're all co-champions I like that yes Go champions We did it Go champions guys and that is of course how you play would you rather We did it guys Yay Congratulations Thank you thank you very much Pizza and a movie That is textbook how you play would you rather Netflix and French Bread Stoffers French Bread Stoffers Is this the guy from the Johnny Carson show Who Johnny Carson Doc Severinsen Doc Severinsen one of the best guys I ever met in my entire life Met Doc Severinsen at a Yoshinoya Beefball place We were both in line you know we like to get there early when the meat is the freshest And La Cienega and Pico That's the way to go 4am is when they deliver the meat right The fresh meat and I noticed him because he was wearing a very ornate kind of Joseph in the Magic Technicolor Dreamcoat kind of outfit Yeah I said I like your stuff Doc and he gave me the thumbs up and that's all we needed to say Yep and then right back into the alley right That's right Yeah Is Doc still with us I believe he is Doc Severinsen Yeah He'll always be alive That's really sweet Bob he will always be alive I love your book Thank you Doc Severinsen he will always be alive I appreciate you calling it a book it is more of the back panel of a cereal box that I ripped off and I wrote some loose ramblings on but I'm glad I got out there kind of like a local zine We all saw it Thank God for Kinko's and that broken copier I was able to make over 500 Color copies?

They were not color they were black and white but I think it got out the message I mean Schindler's List did the same thing it was quite effective It was black and white Yeah Indeed it was Yeah With a little red Little red Well guys, we've come to the end of our show there's only one thing left to do and we know what that is of course It's time for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs Plugs, Plugs, This is the theme song for Plugs And that is a Plugs theme song by Otami, something like that.

If you have a Plugs theme song, we love hearing them, send them in, you can go over to earwulf.com and to the Comedy Bang Bang thread on the message board and there's a thread devoted to where you can post your Plugs theme songs and that was a good one.

Nice short and sweet.

I like it.

Love that.

Paul of Tompkins.

Love that.

Enjoy.

Let's go around the horn.

Brody, what do you have to plug?

Doing some shows, some movies?

I have some shows.

I am at the Laugh Factory here in Hollywood.

I'll be doing, I believe, Comedy Bang Bang on Tuesday.

This Tuesday you'll be there.

I guess it's verbally confirmed.

I will be in Austin in November for the Fun Fun Fest with Public Enemy and Slayer.

Oh, that's fantastic.

Does Chuck T still perform with Public Enemy?

I think Flavor Flav has taken over the lead.

I think it's just Professor Grave.

The hype man has become the man.

Oh, wow.

So, I got some good stuff happening and looking forward to tackling those adventures.

Fantastic.

Nick, what do you got?

I got a couple things.

I've got a movie coming out.

Oh, another one.

Based on Montel Jordan's, it's like a biography on his life.

Yeah, when he got that disease or does it just stop?

It ends right before he gets the disease.

It's called This Is How We Don't Do It.

I saw it on a test screening.

I love it.

You were transcendent.

That is your vampire's kiss.

I didn't want to spoil it for the audience.

God bless you.

That's your vampire's kiss.

And then Paul Scheer and I, this actor from the league, are doing Gary Unmarried on Ice.

Yeah.

And it's actually a drama.

Oh.

The first time I've read about this too, it's one of the best things.

You're a fan of Gary Unmarried, the J. Moore antics, the...

I'm Gary.

I'm Unmarried.

Right.

I mean, this is a guy who's hilarious, but what's more hilarious is to put him on ice and to really have him confront the issues.

Watch that ice melt and see if the play ends before they fall into the lake.

I mean, this is really Long Day's Journey into Night with the cast of Gary Unmarried, but not the actual cast.

It's just going to be, obviously, Nick Swartz and Paul Scheer just really embodying these characters and bringing it to the local people because the show's not on the air anymore.

Are you looking for the approval of Jay?

Well, I mean, I'm not involved.

I would be blessed to be involved in it, but if Jay were to give us our approval, or even the studio that made Gary Unmarried...

Or even Jay Leno, like any Jay.

I mean, even the ice drinks that we'll be performing, and if anyone just let us do it, we'll be really psyched.

Yeah.

I want to plug... Let's see.

I have some great things to plug.

First of all, Comedy Bang Bang shirts are now available.

Oh.

Wow.

So go to the... We have t-shirts now over at the store.

What do they look like?

Two different styles.

There's a short sleeve for $20 and a baseball tee for $27.

Did somebody say baseball?

Baseball.

So I'm very excited.

These are the first Comedy Bang Bang t-shirts that are available.

They are now available.

Head on over to the earwolf.com store to get those.

Also while you're there, you can pick up the downloads from our Bumbershoot shows with Paul F. Tompkins and Andy Daly on each of those if you haven't heard those yet.

They get great reviews.

I don't like to retweet kind reviews a lot, but constantly, every day, people are writing to tell me how great those shows are.

And also, I'm on the Apple Sisters show.

Apple Sisters.

This week.

It's out right now, so go on over.

That is a really underrated podcast that we put out.

It's really funny, and it was a lot of fun to be on that, so head on over to earwolf.com to check out that.

I would like to plug- Bob Cage, what do you have?

I'd like to plug one of my favorite movies of all time.

It's one of my brother's movies, World Trade Center, came out in 2006.

Oliver Stone directed it.

I mean, it's about- I love it.

A lot of people don't know the story behind that movie.

You want me to tell you what it is?

Two Port Authority police officers become trapped under the rubble of the World Trade Center.

But a lot of people don't know what happened to the World Trade Center.

Oh, yeah.

No, it's definitely, it's the same way I felt about Pearl Harbor when I saw that movie.

Did not realize that that was going on, and when I saw it, I was like, thank God this articulated- Finally, someone tells us.

Yeah.

It's one of the tales of our time, and I think a lot of people didn't know about this.

I went down to go visit the set, and it was great.

We had a great time.

I want to plug that.

I also want to plug that you guys are so great for letting me sell my own t-shirt on the Earwolf website.

It's a t-shirt of my brother.

It's called Ridiculous Cage, and you can get that in the Earwolf store.

It's a picture of Nick Cage, and he's just screaming.

That's always a great shirt to wear.

My brother appreciates it, and we get over 97% of the profits on that, and that's really helpful because we got to buy a couple more castles.

Are you going to promote Gone in 69 Seconds?

Well, that is something that I would like to promote.

It's not 100% greenlit, but yeah, basically, we're taking the formula of Gone in 60 Seconds.

It's- Great formula.

One of the best movie formulas.

You know, just car thieves who have to get it done in 60 seconds, but here's the twist.

Not only are they getting it done, but they also get it on in the car only 69, so it's kind of like that movie Crash, not the one about racism, one about fucking in cars.

It's kind of like a little mix and match, so it's about 69 and about stealing cars.

You're going to have a good time.

It's fun for the whole family, this one, too, because- I would say go out, make a night of it, wine, dine, and go see 69.

69.

Wine, dine, and 69.

And I'd steal that from you guys.

I think that would be great.

And I don't know if she listens to the podcast, but we'd really love that chick from the Bobcat Goldthwait show who had the puppet on it to be on the show.

I would love to see her in Gary Unmarried on Ice.

You know what I mean?

If we could pull some strings, I'll definitely help out.

I'll mention it to you, and I'll throw over Nick's email.

You still got your Prodigy account, Nick?

Yes, I do, man.

I got that.

All right.

So I'll have her hit you up at nick.swarzen.prodigy.net, and that will be perfect.

.net.net.

Don't forget the two last.nets.

I chill in the EarthLink chat rooms.

EarthLink, yeah.

You're always on there, and that's a great place just for community and stuff like that.

Great people over there.

Yeah, the great service.

They got me through some tough times.

Great people.

We also watch Pretend Time on Comedy Central on Wednesdays, and watch The League on FX on Thursdays.

And that is it, guys.

Thank you so much for being here.

Peace.

Enjoy it.

Also, peace.

This has been an Earwulf Media Production, executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwulf.com.

Earwulfradio.com.

The Wolf Dead.
