You know him as the main character from the movie Napoleon Dynamite, as well as the upcoming TV show, which we'll talk about.

John Heater is here, first-time guest, as well as long-time guest.

Harris Whittles is back in the studio, get ready for it.

All of that, plus a famous country singer will be here, who's had a little bit of controversy lately.

All of that and more, all on today's...

No matter what I say after this, I am being held hostage for ransom.

This is not a catchphrase submission.

Hey, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

That was pretty good.

Thanks to Kenneth for that one.

Welcome. My name is, of course, Hot Saucerman, aka the world-famous Scottabot.

And welcome to another edition of Comedy Bang Bang, very exciting one today.

I have a guy who is opening his mouth to speak already and...

I just want to talk about the origin of Hot Saucerman, all right?

Okay. Hold on, let me just say who you are.

Your fan favorite, Harris Whittles, is here.

Go ahead. We'll make introductions of our other guests in just one second, but go ahead.

Now, I was in here taping a CDR, or this was before CBB.

And sorry, we're not supposed to...

I don't know what acronyms we're supposed to say, but...

And then, so you were saying your new nickname, and you said Hot, and then you got a frog in your throat, and you stopped...

Taught, you went, I'm Hot, and then you coughed, and then I said Saucerman?

Were you gonna say Saucerman?

No, I was not. It was Soccer Mom, Hot Soccer Mom.

You were gonna say Hot Soccer Mom.

Yeah, that was gonna be my name.

And then, so I said Saucerman.

So basically, I guess what I'm trying to say is, I should be getting some of this hot sauce revenue.

Yes, you should. We sold some hot sauce recently.

At least some hot... I should have to at least get some hot sauce.

You know, it's like the Indians...

You use every part of the hot sauce bottle?

Exactly. Look, I have a hot sauce bottle for you if you really want one.

Is that a innuendo?

All right, let's introduce our guest. We've been talking to him for a second here.

He's a fan favorite. He's the owner of the phone corner, let alone the foam corner.

Writer for Parks and Recreation, as well as a Sarah Silverman show in his own right.

Maris Whittles is of course here.

Hello, that was just me.

Touchy subject.

And across from me is someone, first time on the show.

In fact, we have never even met before, I don't think.

No, you don't have a lot of those guests, do you?

No, usually I at least know the people.

You invite them in person, but this is like, all right, we got a free spot this week.

Call up some buddies. Who do you know?

No, I'm very excited to meet you.

Who do you not know?

No, I'm very excited to meet you. You know him as the titular character in Napoleon Dynamite and the upcoming Napoleon Dynamite TV show, which we'll talk about a little later in the plug section. But John Heater is here. Welcome to the show.

Thank you very much.

Thanks so much for coming. Where do you live?

Address wise.

In California.

California.

Yeah, just recently. Address you need to know, it's 16233. That's actually my twin brother's address. Don't go there. He looks like me, you'll get really confused.

Seriously, don't go there, girlfriend.

No, seriously. No, I live right over the hill. It was awesome. It just took me two seconds to get down here. And it was a good thing because I was really late.

Oh, well, I mean, you came in here in plenty of time. I appreciate you coming. We're taping this literally moments before we put it out there into the ether.

Really?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. This is going on a little later.

I didn't know that's how podcasts work.

So this is recording and then it's kind of live. It's almost like semi-live because- Live to tape, as they say in the biz.

Live to tape.

Business, as they say in the biz.

Yeah.

Don't they push that button on live shows that- The five second delay?

Yeah, the five second. This is like a 30 second constant delay.

It's like a two day delay.

Everything was there.

You can say just really 48 hours worth of profanity. I'm probably just going to say con for the next two days. I'm going to say for the next two days- The longer the time, the bigger the button. There is a huge big A button right here in the middle of the table. You just push it at the top of the show.

The more nukes, the bigger the button that the president has. So it just translated into this medium. Guys, it's a fabulous afternoon here in Hollywood. We're on the Sunset Strip and it's autumn. We're winding down the hot summer. I don't know what I'm saying.

This crisp autumn weather here in California.

This foliage.

Southern- This day foliage.

The foliage is everywhere.

Day foliage.

Have you guys ever met before?

No, I haven't met anybody.

And yet Mike Scully, you were saying before we started the show, Mike Scully who works on Parks and Rec is actually working on your show, the Napoleon Dynamite cartoon shows.

Yeah. Great man, Mike Scully. Scully Mike on Twitter.

Scully, at Scully Mike.

At Scully Mike.

I think the ad at this point is a give now.

No, I still have a lot of friends who don't even know what Twittering is or tweaking.

All right. Well, this is for you all then. It's at Scully Mike. That was for your friends.

Okay.

Don't know what tweaking is.

Now I got to go home and tell them about the show.

I'm fascinated with how language, you say it's implied now that the ad is implied, but I'm fascinated with how language travels from, you know how something when it's a term like fat for a while, P-H-A-T, was not in the common lexicon.

So they would first when you'd see it in print, they'd have quotation marks around it to let you know that it is a term. It's a slang term.

Colloquialism.

When do you lose those quotation marks?

Because then it goes into italics a lot of times.

Yes.

So to let you know that it's a colloquialism, but we're not, you know, like tweet used to be in- Italics?

Yeah. I think it, well, it used the same progression from- You know, what's kind of similar is like when you start using a slang word, well, this is just speaking for me, I kind of use it at first as like a joke.

Like I'll just like say bro or something.

Yeah, bro is common.

And then it kind of seeps into my like actual vocabulary now and then you just say it.

Bro and man, I think we're very common. I remember- Dude, dude. I mean, I don't even know when that started, but- Because I grew up in Orange County and I hated the way like surfers talked.

So I would make fun of them because I always tried to have a very mid-Atlantic speech pattern. And I started ironically saying dude and bro for a while and now it's just what I say. So yeah, I know exactly what you mean.

I felt silent because I was like, have we had this conversation before?

We might've. Yeah, we might've on this show.

On this show? We have to cut this.

Nah.

This is the- No, no, no, no, but you have 30 seconds only to cut it because- That's true.

Push that button at the top.

Press that big old button.

Oh shoot.

We very well. I've had- We should absolutely cut that.

I've had repeat conversations on this show before.

You've done what? How many of these?

120 or 130 maybe.

And you only have like 120 thoughts. And so you're gonna repeat them.

And you do them one every three months?

Every three months, yeah. It's been going since I was a child.

So you've been on the air for, yeah, since you were a teenager. I guess that makes sense. I mean, teenagers now are making their own podcasts.

All right guys, let's tell you what. Let's all get to know each other. We don't know each other all that well. So let's get to know each other with a little thing that I like to call, what am I thinking?

It's kind of dubstep-y if you do that, right?

I like that. What was that?

I was just adding a third track.

That's good. Just like layers. That was like- Let's do a remix. Let's start it over. Let's do a remix. What do you want to- hold on.

Don't start over yet. What do you want to do? You want to be on the drums?

I'll be on that kick snare.

Okay. You want to sing something?

I'll be on the faucet drop.

Okay. The tear basin?

The really crappy faucet drip. I can't do anymore.

Tell you what. Sing any lyrics. Any lyrics you want. And I'll do electronic beeps and blops.

Make them inane and trippy like we're at a rave, you know? And it just is like steel nitrous.

Okay. I got to close my eyes and go back to my rave days.

This is the theme to What Am I Thinking, if that gives you any ideas. So what am I thinking?

What am I thinking?

Here we go. Remix.

All right. That was maybe the least successful.

That thought was pretty good. Till Scott farted into the mic.

Hey.

That's part of the remix. Why'd you- you cut it.

Yeah. All right. So we all know how this is played, of course.

Of course.

We each separately think of a word. Tell you what. You guys play an album, adjudicate here.

But- this game takes forever.

What? No, it doesn't.

Fan favorite.

We're all thinking where you have to say the word at the same time and favorite.

Just fart. Just fart when it's getting old.

And like, we don't know- Break things up here.

Yeah. Okay. Let's do that.

All right. So here we go. Ready?

We don't know each other's frame of references.

I don't know his frame of reference. He doesn't know mine.

I don't even know him.

I don't know this guy.

That's how we get to know each other, man.

That's what this is all about. We should get to know each other and then play this game.

No, no, no, no. This game is a get to know you game.

No, it's not. Trust me. I've played it.

It's not.

You really have to be in tune with each other.

How am I supposed to trust you? I don't know you.

I think this is our first- This is a cycle.

This is our first fight.

We're in a cycle right now.

This is our first fight and I feel like I know you.

Let's play the game.

That's what they say to get to know someone.

You argue with them until you stab them in the neck.

All right. So each of you think of a word or a thing.

It can be a name. It can be a proper name.

It can be a thing. Basically, it's a thing.

If it were a, you know, computer box, I don't know what that would be or what it is, but it can be a couple of words.

Basically, it's just a thing. Benjamin Franklin, just anything separately.

A noun.

Yeah.

Any proper stuff?

It can be proper. It can be- It's just basically even a thing like fearness.

Fearness? God, what is going on?

Computer box and fearness.

Fear the most.

What kind of reality is this?

You're in the grave.

Computer box and fearness.

Let's go with standard English on this.

I don't think that's fair to throw at us, but all right.

Benjamin Franklin was a thing though, right?

Yes.

Please tell me.

Well, you were one for three in terms of picking any word that is not gibberish and you failed.

It was like, yeah, it was a name of a man.

A lonely man.

All right. So you each think of a thing and then once you're locked in, you look at each other and you count down from three to one.

So you say three, two, one, and then you say the thing together, simultaneously.

You will ostentatiously each say a separate thing, right?

So then individually in your heads, you will try to think of the one word or thing that has both of these separate things in common.

So if it were Benjamin Franklin and pizza, you might think of electricity because electricity, electricity, he discovered it and you need it in order to cook the pizza.

Fire. You actually don't need electricity to cook pizza.

You need a wooden slate.

That's true.

Let me tell you about this.

We talked a lot about pizza in our last episode and about all the types of topics.

Man, we're going to be repeating a lot of stuff in this one.

So we all, and then you'll go three, two, one, and then say that word until you finally say the same word. Okay? So that's pretty self-explanatory fucking shit.

All right. So each of you lock into a word if you can.

Did you just say fucking shit or fuck and shit?

Both.

That's a funny, like, expletive.

Fuck and shit.

All right.

All right. Separately.

Those are two things.

Now I know what you have in your mind.

If I said fuck and you said shit, we'd try to meet in the middle.

What's the happy meeting of those two words?

Fit.

Well, that's, I think you're just taking, you're combining them.

Shuck. You're doing a portmanteau.

Shuck, yeah.

Right.

And then if someone were to say corn, that's the perfect in between shuck and shit.

You're right. Shuck and corn.

All right. Here we go. Ready? Each of you, are you locked in? Do you have your thing?

I need a verbal assurance.

Oh, yes. Yes.

Okay.

I looked at you and I remembered there's no live audience.

All right. Look into your, both each other's eyes.

I'm lost.

Ready? And here we go. And I'll help you along.

Here we go. And three, and you say it out loud, John.

Three, two, one.

Star Wars.

Burrito and Star Wars.

I know what- You already have yours locked in. Don't say it.

And we have, it's one word. Oh, I see. And then I say that next word and we keep going.

And you try to say it at the same time. Yeah. So okay. Burrito and Star Wars.

How do you know what that has in common?

I mean, immediately.

Was that your back thing? That was awesome. I do that all the time.

Scott, do you think you know what it is?

Is that me?

I have no idea. You were so immediate about it. Like, oh, I know exactly what those have in common.

I'm pretty sure he's going to say burrito wars.

If the warmup was any indication.

But it can only be one word, right?

No, it can be two words. It just has to be a thing.

It's an idea. It's an entity.

Yeah. It could even be, I don't know that we've ever even had like 12 words, but it probably- It could be a paragraph.

A sentence.

But please don't make it a paragraph.

All right. So, Harris, you need a little more time. You weren't as assured as John was.

I got nothing.

Burrito and Star Wars? Come on. There's got to be something.

You'd think.

Just whatever comes to mind.

Oh, okay.

All right. Here we go. Ready? And you're locked in and we're going to say three, two, one again.

And here we go. Ready?

Three, two, one.

Cantina.

Cantina and fanboy.

Fanboy and cantina. Now I'm interested, John, where is the commonality between burrito and fanboy, if I may? Burrito and fanboy, that's all they eat. I'm thinking like those, you know, that's what you throw in the- Throw in the microwave.

Yeah, in the microwave.

Fat nerds, basically, while they're watching Star Wars.

That's like all I thought was Star Wars, that's- They're eating burritos.

Okay, that's not- I got nothing. What did you call it? Cantina?

Yeah. Because that's where burritos are and there is a cantina.

Space burritos, maybe. Burritos, I'm not sure.

All right. You're right.

All right. Fanboy and cantina. Fanboy and cantina. Let's think about this. Fanboy.

Do you have a fanboy image in your head, Harris?

I have a fanboy image and then I have a cantina image in my head.

I'm trying to picture it.

Where do they meet?

And this is when you know you're losing the game is when you have to explain your answer every time, right? I foresee my future in this game.

All right. Here we go.

Fanboy and cantina.

Fanboy and cantina. I'm going to have to ask you to lock into your first thought, whatever you think, and then to move this along.

All right. Ready?

Just have anything locked in and here we go. Ready?

And three, two, one.

Virgin Daiquiri.

Greedo and Virgin Daiquiri.

Greedo and Virgin Daiquiri. Interesting.

Okay. He's going back to Star Wars.

Well, yeah. But I think- We keep missing each other.

What's the main thing that fanboys complain about in the cantina?

It's Greedo missing Han.

Yeah. But I think they have something in common if you think about what Greedo did and what's in a Daiquiri. So here we go. Ready?

Wow. I want to hear your answer.

He's just making stuff up.

All right. Greedo and what type of Daiquiri did you say?

Virgin.

Virgin Daiquiri. Oh, okay. What's not in a Virgin Daiquiri?

All right. Here we go.

And- What? All right.

All right.

Anything?

Yeah.

All right. Here we go.

Greedo and Virgin Daiquiri. All right.

Three- Okay. Jon's got to be ready.

Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry.

Here we go. Ready? And- Three, two, one. Never Been Laid.

Jar Jar Binks and Never Been Laid.

Those go together quite well, but Never Been Laid and Jar Jar Binks.

I was thinking of shots.

Oh, yeah.

Because Greedo shot first.

Yes. That's what Greedo did. He shot.

And a Virgin Daiquiri doesn't have them.

Okay. So Never Been Laid and Jar Jar Binks.

We went from cool Star Wars character to- Never Been Laid, just the idea of never having- Yeah, like Greedo or Virgin.

But what's the other word for Virgin?

It's like that word's already been used.

I'm trying to follow the rules here.

Here's a hint. I'm coming to your side a little bit on this.

Okay.

All right.

Wait, what did I say again?

You said Never Been Laid.

There really isn't another good word for Virgin. You're right.

There should be like a cool word. You know what I mean?

Fuck nots.

Or Never Laid. Someone in the intransitive form of the verb.

All right. Here we go. Jar Jar Binks and Never Been Laid.

What do those have in common? Think about it.

And I'm going to have to ask you to lock in. Here we go.

And three, two, one.

Never Been Kissed.

Saggy Skin.

Saggy Skin and Never Been Kissed.

I know someone or something.

Now listen, yeah, I could get mean here if you just want to end the game.

We could get mean or something.

Never Been Kissed and Saggy Skin.

I don't mind if it's mean directed at someone else.

Right.

Okay, good.

Yeah.

But I don't even think this person, it's okay, whatever.

Yeah, I see where you're going. But okay, here we go.

All right. What is it?

Saggy Skin and Never Been Kissed.

All right.

Have you seen that movie?

See, that's giving him too much of a hint there.

Yeah, yeah, no, I'm not.

Saggy Skin.

Oh.

All right, ready? I'm going to have to ask you to lock in whatever your first thought is right now.

Let's do it.

And three, two, one.

Drew Barrymore.

Drew Barrymore and scrotums.

I think there's one very famous example that they have in common.

Let's do it.

Drew Barrymore and scrotums.

There's one incredibly famous example.

Oh, obvious.

Yes, here we go. Ready?

I think so.

Three, two, one.

E.T.

Wait a minute, Tom Green.

Tom Green had his scrotum split open on TV.

Justin Long.

E.T. and Justin Long.

Okay.

All right.

We've almost worked out of John Williams' territory, but not quite.

No.

All right, here we go. E.T. and Justin Long. What do they have in common?

Ready?

All right, here we go. Ready?

Three, two, one.

Going the distance.

Going the distance and alien.

All right, going the distance and alien.

Aliens or aliens?

No, alien.

Alien and going the distance.

Okay.

It doesn't have to be the movie Alien 2.

No, no.

All right, ready? We have to speed it up.

We were circling in and now we're just trying.

Here we go, alien. This could be the longest version ever played.

No, it always is.

Here we go. Ready? Alien and going the distance.

Ready? Whatever your first thought is.

Someone's going to lose it by not blurting out a word.

So you just got it blurred out a word.

Ready?

Ready? Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Mars.

Sudeikis.

I'm going to have to say that John, unfortunately, stumbled.

Well, he's a fan favorite. It's not fair.

He's here all the time, apparently. He knows all the rules.

Just give me some time with my family and my game friends.

Harris, do you want to give him that?

I'll give him Sudeikis.

Okay, Sudeikis.

What did you even say?

I said Mars.

Mars and Sudeikis.

Yeah, going the distance and alien.

Yeah, I always said light years maybe.

Sure.

All right, Sudeikis and Mars.

All right, here we go. Ready?

And whatever your first thought is.

And?

Three, two, one.

Saturday Night Live.

Jason and the Argonauts.

Saturday Night Live and Jason and the Argonauts.

Okay, we're getting there.

What if we both kill ourselves at the same time?

Does that count as coming to the same thought?

I've got a gun pointing at you.

Okay.

No, it'll be better if we just kill ourselves, not kill each other.

No, actually, if you could just stick each other's guns into each other's mouths and then at the count of three, two, one, pull the trigger.

That'd be a truly bizarre story if John Hader and Harris Whittles did a murder-suicide.

Wait, is it Hader or Heater?

It's Heater.

That's what I thought. You said Hader.

I kind of actually tried to do the thing where I wasn't sure and I tried to say both.

This is Hader.

You tried to do the upside-down E.

Hader.

The schwa.

Hader.

No, Bill and I get this all the time and it's Heater.

So start calling him Heater because we're brothers.

All right.

And we get a lot.

Okay, interesting.

So what do we have, Jason?

I'm just kidding, we're cousins.

Jason and the Argonauts and- Cousins with different last names that are very similar.

That are very similar.

That's a very crazy coincidence.

But it's really convenient at family unions.

Did you host SNL when Bill was on the show?

I did, it was his first year.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah.

All right, so we're at Jason and the Argonauts and what did you say?

I feel like, didn't we get far enough away from the game to move on?

No.

What, with one question about SNL?

You went from Mars to...it was Mars first and then- I said Saturday Night Live and you said Jason and the Argonauts.

Saturday Night Live and Jason and the Argonauts, let's hurry it up now.

Whatever those have in common.

Jason and the Argonauts and Saturday Night Live, here we go.

And whatever your first- All right, all right, I got mine, I got mine.

This is my first real proud moment.

All right, here we go.

And three, two, one.

Lorne Michaels.

Lorne Michaels and what did you say?

Late Night and Lorne Michaels.

This is great, we got this.

Okay, we know what this is.

What are you talking about?

This is going right back.

No, this is perfect.

If you know- What did Lorne Michaels produce?

He produced it.

All right, ready?

Late Night and Lorne Michaels, here we go.

Whatever your first thought is.

Ready?

And three, two, one.

Conan O'Brien.

I didn't know he produced that.

He did, I used to watch Kids in the Hall- You're killing me, he had her.

Wait, what are we supposed to do?

We were supposed to, oh, we're supposed to get to the point where we say the same thing at the same time.

I'm really learning this game so slow.

You didn't know what we were going for?

No, I thought we were getting to know each other and now I feel like I know you.

Oh, okay, well let's really get it going.

Jerk.

All right, here we go.

We're at Conan O'Brien and Kids in the Hall.

Conan O'Brien and Kids in the Hall.

He did Conan O'Brien?

What?

He produced Conan O'Brien Show, yes.

As well as the Fallon Show.

All right, here we go.

Either one would have been acceptable.

But now we have Kids in the Hall and Conan O'Brien.

They have something in common, I'm sure.

They're both in the comedy world.

So whatever they have in common, I'm going to have to ask you for an answer.

Here we go.

And here we go.

And three, two, one.

Bruce McCullough.

And that is textbook.

What am I thinking?

High five.

It is gratifying when it happens.

Okay, I seriously missed that point.

All right, that was exciting.

At Whittles.

Whittles Search.

Let's take a break.

We'll talk about Whittles if we must.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll maybe have a little phone corner.

Are you ready for that?

I'm always ready.

All right, when we come back, we'll do that.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

The greatest mother trucker life Did good kid.

All right.

That was Sarah Silverman with the humanitarian song, as well as featuring Zach Galifianakis.

And we're back with Harris Whittles and John Heater.

Hey, Heater.

Hey.

You said you did the in-between, like, Heater and Heater and it still sounds like Heater.

It's okay.

He got the struggle.

Well, I guess Heater is the in-between.

Heater is what most people say.

Yeah.

We're not playing What Am I Thinking again.

Here we go.

Ever again.

You know it.

You have been waiting for it ever since you pressed play on this podcast.

Here it is. It's the Foam Corner.

Yeah, that's right.

It's Harris' Foam Corner.

You ready to hit us?

I guess.

Now, it's been a slow month or two with the foam entries.

Like, these are bad for even my standards.

Uh-oh.

Sometimes I say that they're jokes.

Sometimes if they're not even funny, I go, well, these are just thoughts.

Some of these aren't even, don't even qualify as thoughts.

I don't know what they qualify as.

By the way, John, this is Harris writes little jokes on his phone.

He then translates and changes them into foam.

And then he reads them out loud.

That's the concept of this.

I write shitty things into my phone that I'll never say to anyone.

And this is like my workshop.

So this is kind of like, you know, a sad poor man's version of like, you know, a writer's meeting or something like that.

Yeah, this is Twitter before it ever even gets to Twitter.

This is step one in the process.

These are the crumpled up pieces of paper in the basket.

And now we're sitting through this.

Some of these could end up on Twitter.

Who knows?

All right, ready?

Okay. This is, you know how everyone says like, oh, to get your porn name, you use your pet's name and then the street you grew up on.

Sure.

I have a new system. Ready?

And it works for anybody.

Take your first name.

Okay. Change it to Sir.

And then take your last name and change it to Fucks-A-Lot.

That's pretty good.

I like that.

Thanks.

That's number one.

Yeah.

All right.

And do we, do we, any comments?

It didn't work very well with my name.

It does.

So you did, sir, you're John Hatter.

And you did the in-between.

You would change it to Sir.

Fooks-A-Lot.

See, it didn't work.

Even you, yeah.

All right.

Okay. I'll work on it at home.

Yeah, please do.

Come back next week and let us know how it went.

Now, this is a character, this is a guy who's only read, who's only read the word thermometer, but has never said it out loud.

Okay.

Hey, what temperature does it say on that thermometer?

Uh.

Oh, boy.

We're in trouble.

Yeah, we're in it.

We're in it now.

Sharp decline.

Now, this is, this character was inspired by Friday Night Lights.

It's a shy Texan teenager who's trying to get his coach's attention.

Coach.

Excuse me.

Coach.

That was that.

Okay.

All right.

More like Australian teenager, wouldn't you say?

Coach.

I coach.

I guess there are a lot of overlaps in that accent.

Yeah, Texan and Australian, very similar.

I liked it though.

All right. This is, um, I, this is just, I wonder, do you ever wonder if you'll ever fall down again?

Like, I think that it sucks that you can't avoid that.

You'll probably fall again, right?

Probably.

I mean, I go skating every weekend.

Do you really?

Yeah. Yeah. And surfing too.

So you do both those things?

Yeah. Yeah.

I mean, sort of like a biathlon every weekend where I, where basically I go down to Venice beach and I surf for about two and a half hours.

Um, you have to time it and then, uh, I just strap on roller skates, the ones with four skates on the bottom.

And I just, uh, you know, have really short shorts.

I just like roller skate around.

I've seen you around there.

Yeah. Yeah. I put on a big, uh, Afro wig.

Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah.

What's up?

I've won.

That's you.

I win every weekend.

I can't believe that.

Yeah.

I don't- Fortunately, there's nobody else in the- Yeah. That's kind of unfortunate, but I'm looking for entries if you want to get a hold of- Hit me up!

All right. Uh, anything's a toilet if you shit on it.

That's, that's that.

All right. One time for one more.

There's so many toilets in my house.

Time for one more, Harris. Close it up strong.

I can't. You know I can't do that.

Get the theme song ready.

You know I can't do that. Can I get two more?

Can I get one more and then a bonus?

Okay. It's not a two more.

We've done that.

Have we done that on the show before?

We have nothing new to say to each other.

Let's read a book or something. Let's join a book club and then we can talk about that.

I'd love to.

Next time we see each other.

All right.

I think it's funny that- The Bible.

I think that- All right, start over. I interjected and I said the Bible.

You want to have- that's church what you're talking about.

Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

A book club about the Bible.

And that's a good segue right into what he's about to say, right?

Right.

Yeah.

Not at all.

I think it's funny that- I think that Freud probably just really wanted to fuck his mom and then was like, hey guys, isn't it crazy that we all want to do that?

And then his friends were probably like, I don't.

And then he's like, yeah, you do. I'm fucking Freud.

And they're like, all right, I guess that's true then.

By the way, that's not a bad tweet opportunity though for the church is just a book club where you only read the Bible.

That's true. Who gets it?

I don't know. We kind of worked on it together. I don't know.

Who out of the three of us gets this?

Let's let someone, whatever listener wants to tweet that it's up in the air.

Why don't- no, tell you what, why don't we all tweet it at the same time right now?

I'm on airplane mode.

Oh, okay.

We're taping us on an airplane.

I'm on no Twitter account mode.

Okay. All right. Well, Harrison, we'll tweet that at the exact same time.

Yeah.

After the show. All right, go ahead. One more, one last one.

Okay. I, I've decided that my price, how much it would cost for me to only eat Vienna sausages in those little cans at 7-Eleven for two weeks straight.

That's all I eat is $60,000 tax free.

I just thought about that. And I think that's the amount it would take.

Oh, that was funny.

That is how we do it.

All right.

I love that. That was the extra one. That was the bonus.

Yeah. Thanks a lot for that.

You're quite welcome.

It was a thought. It wasn't even a joke. Wasn't even Twitter worthy. Or maybe.

I can tweet that.

Yeah, you can. Why don't you?

All right. Speaking of why don't you, why don't we get to our next guest?

Nice segue.

You're just talking about the segue I wrote on the way in here.

That's the third part of my biathlon, by the way.

The third part of your biathlon?

Yeah, exactly.

Bonus.

Doesn't make sense. Here we go. And you know him from Country Music, of course.

This is our next guest, if I didn't say that. You know him from Country Music.

You know him from... He sang the Monday Night Football theme for many years, and he had a recent controversy, which I'm sure we'll talk about.

Please welcome Hank Williams.

Hey, guys. Junior, yeah. Not to be confused with Hank 3 for senior.

Hey, how's it going? We've never met, correct?

No, it's nice to meet you. Big fan of the show. Been listening a long time.

Well, thank you so much. That's so nice. I didn't expect that.

I wouldn't think that our worlds would necessarily intersect.

Oh, yeah. I got my finger on the pulse.

That's how I get a lot of my opinions. I go on the internet and I try to stay informed.

Sure.

Cool.

So you wanted to come on the show to talk about...

Yeah, I wanted to come on the show and talk about some things that are on my mind.

And I gotta warn you right now, I ain't gonna sugarcoat it.

You don't ask me something unless you want to hear what I got to say.

Okay.

So just as a disclaimer, you know, controversy approaching.

Okay, sure. So you did want me to ask you about the controversy though, right? About what...

Well, it's all controversial, brother. I mean, there's a lot...

You find me something that ain't controversial.

Can you do it? I didn't think so.

Bagels.

Well, then you get in the whole Zionist conspiracy thing there.

You're right.

That's a big old co-introversy, if you ask me.

Now, I want to talk about big stuff. I might stay away from politics a little bit today.

Really? Because of what happened?

That's not even my main passion, politics, you know?

They're just on Fox and Friends. They wanted me to talk about that.

And they suckered me into making some controversial statements.

I'm sure that that can happen. I mean, John, the same thing happened for you.

You came here not really knowing what the show was.

We suckered you into it. And then, you know, who knows what you're gonna say.

Everything is brand new to me here. And I'm really walking naked through a cornfield of confusion.

Literally, he's doing it right now.

You know who's walking naked through a cornfield of confusion? Dr. Conrad Murray.

Oh, jeez.

Michael Jackson's physician. You following this?

Oh, man.

Yeah, I mean...

Oh, man. I mean, you know, you're this whole past week. I know everybody's been following it.

This whole thing about how much propofol he had in his system.

How much Michael Jackson had.

Yeah, yeah, you know, and then they...

Whether it was a lethal amount or not.

What? Yeah, a lethal amount. Of course, man.

I'm sorry, I don't mean to interrupt you.

What do you think I'm talking about?

I'm trying to explain it to those...

It's an anesthetic. Anesthetic, you're not supposed to... He had so much propofol in there.

His, you know, the prosecuting expert. You know, Dr. Stephen Sherriff.

Okay.

That's his doctor, right?

No, man. That's the prosecution's expert.

Oh, that's right, yeah.

Who's going after Conrad Murray like nothing, man.

He just gloves off, you know? He had so much... He's like, his patient had so much propofol and lorazepam in him that I don't even know how this happened.

Did you guys see Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon on 2020 last night where they debuted? They're twins.

Hold on a second.

How did they debut them? Like, did they bring them out behind a curtain?

First national TV show.

Of many, I hope. I kind of expected you to be talking about things a little closer to what you made national headlines for, the...

The politics. No, man. I don't care that much about politics. That Fox and Friends, they just wanted me to talk about that because they're in there. But, you know, my passion is pop culture.

Marriage is tough, y'all. I mean, it's work. It's work. I mean, you gotta every morning wake up and be like, I'll make a new commitment to this person.

Are you married?

Mm-hmm.

How long have you been married?

I've been married... This is my seventh wife. I've been married for nine days.

I'm so happy.

Did you guys have a honeymoon?

Mm-hmm.

Did you guys have a honeymoon?

Yeah, we went to the dog races in Orlando.

That's fun. That's a lot of fun.

Yeah.

For all these nine days, you've woken up and made a commitment to...

I'll just say, Hank Jr., are you sure you wanna keep doing this?

Yeah.

What exactly is the commitment, though?

Well, you know, staying married is probably the major part of it.

Treating her like a goddess, you know, worshiping the ground she walks on.

Until you're sick of it, then hit the bricks.

Until I decide I don't wanna make this commitment anymore.

But I ain't gonna pull an Ashton Kutcher, you know? I'm not gonna ruin something.

I'm not gonna humiliate her by going... You guys follow this?

I mean, you know, just in a cursory manner.

Oh, man. Crazy wig for Demi Moore.

I guess.

People are talking about her weight, you know?

Because she's had substance abuse problems in the past.

What about you? How are you doing?

You were taken off of Monday Night Football, I think about nine days ago, and all of a sudden, you have a new wedding.

I mean, when did you end your previous marriage?

Well, it was in our contract, it was in our prenup that if I got fired from NFL, she was out the door, brother.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

So, I mean, it's pretty quick to jump right back...

Yeah, but the heart wants what the heart wants.

And who is your new wife?

Her name's Jennifer.

And where did you meet her?

I met her at the dry cleaners.

Behind the counter or...?

In front. She was giving away puppies, trying to get to Seattle.

She was hitchhiking to Seattle, trying to sell some puppies.

Were you on your way to Seattle or...?

Oh, no, no, no. She was.

Yeah, well, I mean, did you take her up there or did she ever end up in Seattle?

No, man. We fell in love. I asked her to marry me.

Sorry, I just... I'm trying to get this story. I'm not sure...

She said yes pretty quick. You must be quite the charmer.

Yeah, man.

We've only known each other for like nine days.

Yeah. You don't get married seven times by not being romantic.

But what happened to the puppies? Like, you took them all, right?

You know, this is going to sound mean. I put the puppies in a burlap sack.

So far, it's still cute.

And then I... I don't want to say I threw them in an over and over pass, but...

Oh, man.

You know what it is? Because I'm allergic. I got a lopsa opsa at home, and those things are hypoallergenic. But there was like brindle puppies in there.

How many puppies are we talking?

Nine.

You threw nine puppies in a bag off of...

I don't want to say that, but yes.

So he didn't technically say it.

I'd prefer not to say that, but yeah.

Sorry to put you in that position.

But she doesn't know about it, does she?

Can I name the elephant in the room? Is your whole family racist?

You guys are all racist, right?

Yeah.

I feel like that's why. You got fired.

I got let go for not pulling any punches.

But I mean, it was about a black man, specifically the president of the United States.

That I compared to Adolf Hitler, yeah.

Yeah. I mean, is that how you really feel?

Yes. I mean, well...

He doesn't sugarcoat anything.

I'm not going to sugarcoat. Hey, y'all, we're so polarized. I'm not going to sugarcoat it.

Yeah. I prefer that you don't. So I would just love to talk about it.

Well, good, because I'm not.

Do you feel like the president is similar to Adolf Hitler?

Listen, all I did is make an analogy. I said that Obama playing golf with Boehner was like Adolf Hitler playing golf with Netanyahu.

And a big part of that was just an excuse to say Netanyahu, because it's a fun name to say.

It is a lot of fun.

I'm a writer. I love language, you know?

That saying has a lot of baggage there.

I get that from your songs.

I like saying onomatopoeia.

Uh-huh. I like saying Lake Titicaca.

That's fun.

It's fun. It's just weird.

Yeah.

You know what I mean? Like to them, it's nothing, but to us, we're like, what?

No. I know.

I like saying luge.

Uh-huh.

Yeah, that's not bad.

cul-de-sac. I like that one.

Yeah. So you don't actually feel that because Obama is an African-American man that he's...

I guess, yeah. No, you're racist aside from this comment.

I guess that's not really a racist comment, right?

Well, yeah. I mean, it's more of a...

It's more of just like...

It doesn't treat the office with the respect with which it deserves.

Which one?

The presidential office?

Yeah, the presidency of the United States.

Right.

POTUS.

POTUS, yeah. Well, let me just put it this way. I don't define myself as racist, okay?

And because I think I'm a supporter of Herman Cain.

One, I've had sex with three black women in my life, so technically I can't be racist.

How many were your wives?

Oh, none. None.

You've got a look on your face that suggests you are a little racist.

Well, it was gross the way you said that.

I merely asked if any of the black women were your wives.

Blech. No.

Wait, did you say blech or black?

Blech. Eek. Yech.

There were like slave owners that had sex with...

Yeah.

Do you think slave owners used to say blech?

That's how blech started, is it? They all have an origin.

Everything's got to start somewhere, yeah.

Yeah. So you're not a racist then?

No, man. I just feel like everybody should stay with their own race is all.

I don't think one's better than the other. I just don't like them to...

You're just like into segregation a little bit.

I just like... I'm old fashioned.

Right, right, right.

Then what happened on those three separate occasions where you were intimate with...

I couldn't find any white hookers. That's...

All right, Hank. Let's take a little break and when we come back, we'll talk about whatever else you want to talk about and we'll play another game. And this is Comedy Banking.

We'll be right back.

Oh Do I Outside Hard Spock's Field!

Whatever you say!

This is some tricky fun!

Oh!

Oh, the Harbour Blast!

It's been too long!

It's sort of a Nazi hold-down!

Wee!

Ring-a-toon, bling-a-toon, clink-a-toon, drink-a-toosh-na!

There'll be blood!

I'll-you-know-who!

That is Will Ferrow with Dear Gutentag Hop-Clop and we're here, by the way, with John Hayder Hay-hay-hay-der!

Hay-hay-hay-Raj rerun!

Okay!

And Harris Whittles There it is!

And Hank Williams Jr.

Hey, y'all!

And it's time now to play a little game that we like to call Alive or Dead?

Is this like Apples to Apples?

I love that game!

Alright, it's time to play Alive or Dead and we all know how this is played I will give you a celebrity's name and you tell me if they are alive or dead and we'll tally up all the points afterwards and see who wins Alright, John, are you ready to go?

Go!

Here we go! First of all, we have Zsa Zsa Gabor Alive or Dead?

Dead!

I'm sorry, she is alive as of this taping We traditionally start with her and she has not died yet so she is still alive So, that wasn't-that was the easiest one?

You start with the easiest, right?

Yeah, these start relatively easy That's not a good start Uh-oh, this guy's like, what?

This guy's freaking out Alright, Harris, we turn to you now Al Davis, former owner of the Raiders Dead You're correct, he died October 8th Cause of death, indeterminate Alright, it has not been revealed yet Yes You have one point, congratulations Alright, we turn to Hank Williams Jr.

Uh-oh Here it comes Billy Squire Oh, he's alive Singer Billy Squire He's alive No, sorry, he died on Friday What?

No way, is that true?

Of a stroke Is this a joke game or he really- He did not die of a stroke He died of a stroke That's a pun on his song Are you being serious?

I'm being serious, he died of a stroke on Friday Alright, John, we turn to you now That's ironic I don't think that's true Here we go, John, Gene Simmons from Kiss Oh, he's alive And well, I believe We also would have accepted Alive 2 Uh, Harris, Eddie Vedder from Pearl Jam He is alive, very much so We also would have accepted Still Alive Uh, Hank Are we supposed to be trying to do these?

Dracula Dracula Dracula?

Yeah Hmm Dracula, you know, the famous vampire It's a trick question, dude It is a trick question I'm trying, like, going through my head with all the puns Bram Stoker, Bram Stroker, he had a stroke What was the most important movie he ever did?

Dead and Loving It There we go, yes, Dead and Loving It Thank you I am not going to award you a point for that Was that the answer?

That was the answer That was the answer, yes I get the game now Alright, John, here we go Don't chew me on that point, man Jesus, come on What's a game?

Yeah, it's not okay to say that during games All bets are off during games, everybody knows that John, here we go, John Belushi Oh, he's dead He is dead, and the police still have not solved it There was only one clue at the scene, they found DNA And so they think it might be Dan Aykroyd Alright, Harris What's Dan Aykroyd's middle name?

It's D and an A Oh, I would say and an A, I see Harris Yeah Man, you know why my wife hasn't heard this podcast?

She's too smart, she doesn't like puns, man Harris Whittles Yeah No, Harris Whittles, Alive or Dead I feel like I'm playing Mad Libs here I mean, I'm sitting here, I don't know, what's your thing?

He's dead, he's dead Harris is dead?

He assumed a sharp corner was made of foam Unfortunately, he leaned against it and was impaled By a foam corner?

Yeah Oh, by a not-foam corner And our last one, Hank Williams Jr., Michael Jackson Oh man, well, Dr. Conrad Murray made sure that he was out of the picture, he's dead That's right, we also would have accepted hee-hee bubbles, dah McCully, Dr. Conrad Murray, Shamone Woo, ma-mow Or, oh!

Great game, guys, that's how we play Alive or Dead Oh man Those are really easy, I had my Siri ready to answer any of those questions Right when I thought I was getting the hang of it, you threw me at me I was like, I don't know how to answer this Yeah, you can't get inside that guy's head, man He's always, Scott's always one step ahead Has anyone ever told you, Hank, you sound a little like, uh Or two steps behind, Def Lepper Hey, nice, you sound a lot like Hank Hill sometimes What are you talking about, man?

What the hell?

Yeah, no, I get that, but see, I think that's racist You can't get into his head Saying that I sound like that, or that I sound like Al Gore or something What? Any white person?

People have said that about me, but you know what it is, you know I had my accident And that's why I grow a beard, because I shattered my face in the 70s Oh, I didn't know, you had kind of the Mark Hamill accident?

Yeah, yeah, that's why I wear dark glasses and hat and I grow my beard I had no idea Because I had several reconstructive surgeries, so my face is all fucked up Oh Pretty good, but that's why I talk weird, I have big sausage lips And I'm usually pretty drunk by about 8.30 in the morning Big CS lips?

Yep Yeah Yep You guys hear about John Lennon's tooth being up for auction?

No, I didn't hear about this They're auctioning off, it's true, they're auctioning off his tooth for like $16,000 starting bid Wouldn't someone His molar, he had a molar Robba's grave?

Imagine Nope Well, I'd say we let it be Oh my gosh Oh, I can do this one Twist and shout Well, yeah, we're just naming songs Yeah, that's true Anything else?

Let's see Him dying was instant karma Pete Best Pete Best, yeah, good call I'm doing good at this What else?

The Beatles Let's see, The Beatles, yeah Oh, the George Harrison documentary The two-parter?

That Marty Scorsese did, yeah I only watched the first part of the first part Oh, you gotta see the second part, man Really, why?

Very spiritual Are you a spiritual guy?

Yeah Yeah, what do you practice?

Wicca I would not expect you I know, right?

You're a warlock?

Not yet How do you achieve that?

That's the eighth level, right?

Yeah Is that like an OT clear or?

It's kind of like OT clear, yeah, I just have to learn a few more potions That I'm good to go Is that really what that whole religion is about?

It's just like kind of chemistry and making potions and stuff?

Well, no, that's a big part of it, you know, like scouts have to get their different badges Sure Different things I've achieved all these other, you know It sounds like Hogwarts It sounds like Hogwarts Boy, now that's a fun pun there I could follow that It's an FP Sweat hogs Let's do this one, sweat hogs War hogs War hogs Have you ever seen the movie The Craft?

No, I've never seen that one Sounds like you'd be into it Yeah No, but this is real That's Hollywood retelling Yeah, Wicca is more just about worshipping nature, you know, like a pre-Christian civilizations And just following the seasons I didn't know that Burning twigs that are shaped into humans and stuff This must be a fun week for you then, I mean, it's, you know, All Hallows Eve is coming up And it's, you know, autumn and the seasons are changing This is Wicca's Christmas, right?

Oh, yeah, yeah Do you have a presence for your wife planned out or?

Yep, I got her some yam tips I've been saving up yam tips for a while It's in the Wicca tradition, it's like I call my wife yam tips Tips Oh man, this guy, now this guy's funny, man He plays, he does like a twist on things Yeah Typical, yeah Twist and shout He twists and shouts John Lennon The Beatles We're going back Be best Welcome back, Cotter, sweat hogs Two Half of all marriages end in sweatpants Scott, you've really taken a liking to that advertising campaign I love that campaign, that's my favorite campaign Whoever invented, what was it?

It's whoever invented the cotton gin Forgot about morning breath, Eli Whitney Yeah, that's You're paraphrasing I don't think so I'm thinking about, I'm trying to get a segment on TMZ, Gothup Gothup?

Gossip, yeah Yeah, what would your segment be called?

Oh, that's a good one, Hank Williams Jr.

Oh Juniors Juniors Juniors The Junior Report The Junior Report The Junior Report The Junior Report I think the Junior Report is a little better Are you making, I've got my retainer in I'm not making fun of you, it's merely It's merely a reference to something else Okay, well I just feature reference inside of that Kind of make guests feel alienated I'm just saying, I feel like the fat kid at a slumber party right now Why was he even invited to the slumber party?

I know, it's like, you don't want him there I don't care if the moms are friends, like one has to explain to the other Like, these kids just don't get along that well Did you used to be a fat kid growing up?

Did you used to be a little fat kid?

I was pretty fat, yeah Yeah, what did dad, I mean you had a famous father Well, he died when he was a little boy What did dad, I mean you had a famous father Well, he died when I was young, I was like five when he died Did you eat your pain?

Meaning Oh, I see what you're saying Meaning did you eat because you had pain?

Yeah, yeah I think so Yeah, what was your favorite?

I weighed 700 pounds in the eighth grade Goodness How tall were you?

Huh?

How tall were you?

I was four and a half feet tall Wow So heavy I mean even for any frame, that's a little heavy Medical term for super morbidly obese Yeah Well, I don't know what the medical How do you say in Latin, wider than he is tall?

E pluribus unum Hey, what's your favorite Ben and Jerry's flavor?

You go first, Harris I don't care about what a fucking racist's favorite ice cream flavor is Whoa, he's our guest, Harris Sorry He's our guest and you are our guest Listen And you used to be a fan favorite I've been cordial for long enough now Really? This is where it ends?

Yeah Cherry cordial The gloves are coming on Okay, in order to fight him?

The boxing gloves Better? With?

Yeah All right, well, what are you going to do about it?

I'll snap you like a twig, man All right I want to see this Are you guys going to fight or what's going on?

No, I think I would like to arm wrestle him Okay With your mind?

With words?

No, no, no It's a specific fight I'll officiate How about a scathing essay?

All right, let's do that Oh, right this second?

Yeah, I'll scathe you, dude We can also fucking, I'll fucking battle you We can rap battle Really? You want to rap battle?

In a battle of wits?

We could I don't like to trot that out too much, but if you want I'm terrible at rap battle That's all the more reason to do it since you brought it up All right, here we go This guy can't just Here we go, Hank Williams Jr. versus Harris Whittle's rap battle John, I'll let you pick the subject matter Ghosts Ghosts All right, Harris, since you brought it up, you're going to have to go first Is this the beat?

This is the beat He's nodding his head For visuals You aren't nice You aren't a nice man It's almost Halloween This is the warm up You are a racist You are worse than the chili peppers bassist Flee, you should flee If you don't want to feel me wrath If you don't want to feel me wrath Then you should go take a bath in acceptance of other races I switch to British, it's easier to flow that way like the streets I grew up on the streets These are dope beats I got cleats And I'll curb you in them Fam, brother, I'm out All right, great rap about ghosts All right, so now Hank Williams Jr. let's hear your ghost rap Hates spirits Immortals Energies from the other side If you're like me, then you believe That not all the answers can fit in the pages of a book Go ask this schnook if he's not playing high life With Itzhak Rabin Or the Palestinian Liberation Organization Did I get fly in the face of the normal media nation?

Sorry But if you don't want to hear me, you should get on a boat, Itz Because I'm somebody who just can't sugarcoat it Beavis and Butt-Head, what are you doing?

What are you guys doing?

John, do you want to get it on this, ghosts?

May as well, come on Here we go Hackerman can't catch them, nobody can catch them Ghostbusters thought they could, but they have no stash But you got to understand The ghosts you can see right through Just like all the racism around you Ghosts Yeah They boast the most But not when they host A murder, a mystery murder party Yeah Beast Yeah Nice Nice Rabin Scott, the ghost host with the most Prost Hey everybody, I'm Sydney here in my tent My name is Haley Jo Osment I see him, and there's a little girl with puke in her mouth And I say, hey, aren't you dead?

Bruce Willis says, maybe, I got shot by a new kid on the block And boy, that really didn't rock Because I don't want to be dead because I have a hot wife And I liked my life, but now I can ascend up to heaven Hey, what time is it? Oh, I think it's 7-Eleven That's the end That's great Wow That was fun, you guys That's a great way to end it You guys want to keep hanging out?

Probably You guys want to go to Vota Spa?

Yeah, I'll do that What do you guys think about Vota Spa?

Oh, I'm sorry, Hank Oh, man No, no, I didn't mean to We should go get an oak leaf scrub All right, guys, we only have time for one last thing That is, of course, plugs It's the end of the show The memorial club It's the end of the show The memorial club It's the end of the show The memorial club And I feel fine All right, that is...

Oh, who's that by?

Oh, I got it right here That is the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs theme End of the show by Elliot Dyson Elliot Dyson, thanks so much for that If you have a plugs theme, send it into EarWolf.com and our message boards under the appropriate thread And let's go around the room John, let's talk about it Your show is coming out pretty soon, right?

Yeah, January, if that's...

2012, I would imagine No, 2013 The year the world ends Yeah, I know, nice timing on that, Fox Jeez They save all the ones like, well, it's never going to survive No one will survive That's a pretty coveted spot, actually Right The last thing that will ever be seen by man They entrusted you with it Because when aliens from the future come to Earth they're going to start at the end and go backwards Oh, yeah, I didn't think about that That's the first thing they'll see when they get here Yeah Of course, in between Simpsons and Family Guy Yeah, of course, they're going to end with Family Guy So we just got to make sure they come at the 8.30 slot And that's, I guess that's part of my plug Siri?

Siri, shut the fuck up She wants to plug She's on accessibility mode See, they're taking over, man So tell us a little bit about the show It's basically, the movie Napoleon Dynamite came out How many years ago, maybe?

I think probably coming on 16 years 16 years ago It came out Quarter of a decade Yeah, it's almost been six years And you've turned it into a cartoon now Yeah, yeah We're hoping we're the first successful TV show that's been turned From a movie into a TV show?

From a movie into an animated What are other, are there other examples of that?

Well, Mass was animated for the first Ghostbusters Ghostbusters Right First Primetime Right That's the first one, right?

For a successful one, I think Mass was a Saturday morning cartoon for the first three years Is that true?

That's incredibly true Wow You liar He-Man Shut up, fuck you, dude Let's not forget He-Man was the movie first Fuck you Fuck you, man Jesus Jesus Christ Okay, so John, so it's coming out in January Coming out in January And you're back, the entire cast is back The entire cast Pretty much, that's amazing Yeah And Just fucking tell me to shut up, man Oh, man, sit down, guys Are we gonna have to rap battle again?

Huh?

No, no, no All right, so it's Hey So it's coming out after The Simpsons, like right after Yeah, I just saw that today, actually I don't know, but like right after And I was thinking the whole time Simpsons was ending Because isn't there Reign of Terror over?

Like No, another two years I thought we were taking that slot No Is it really another two years?

Yeah, another two years Well, it's a great lead in for you No, it's great, it's great Right after The Simpsons It's just, you know, kind of like In The Simpsons animated world where like time stops So we're gonna be perpetually Those ages Stuck in high school And do you ever think that you're like Say it's on the air for 27 years Like, do you ever think your voice is gonna be like an old man's like Hello there, Pedro Well, it will be when I'm in John Heater mode John hater mode, but not when I'm acting Because those guys You can just slip right into it Yeah, you gotta slip right into it That must be fascinating to do To be the lead of an animated I mean, first of all, you haven't done the character in a while I would imagine Yeah, yeah So to get back in the booth And like, is it easy to like an old comfortable pair of shoes?

Yeah Smelly and comfortable Yeah, it was fun It wasn't too hard But the weird I think the funny thing is like, you know You have a live action movie And it takes the cartoon version You have to show way more emotion So because we only have one movie And kind of the whole point is that It was an indie film that was really like low key and subtle in its humor But we have to like change it just a little bit for prime time audience Animation audiences So Make stories, in other words, in a half hour Yeah, we have to make a lot of stories But it's like Napoleon has to show way more like emotion Right, yeah So having figured out how you Like what kind of emotions that you didn't see in the movie Like regret Like laughing Laughter and joy So like when you read a script and it says Napoleon laughs Do you go, oh no, I've never had to do that in character So we do like, you know, they do in music sessions for shows And they meet with the music guys Well, we meet and just do laugh sessions to figure that out Interesting Do you bring in like a Jeff Dunham or something?

Yeah, someone who doesn't laugh farewells So we have a pair of fresh ears Well, I wouldn't know Like someone that can make you guys laugh Oh Yeah You ever play that game where everybody lays in a square And you put your head on your friend's belly And then you just start laughing And you can't help but laugh if somebody else is laughing Shut up, dude Hey, fuck you, man Yeah, squash it Just squash it Same sound bite They just rebound No, it's, yeah That's really interesting I mean, you know It's cool When I heard that idea I heard it maybe a year ago or something Jump all over my shit When I heard about that idea I just thought it was like, oh, wow, of course That should be an animated show It sounds really fun Yeah, it's a weird mix But it's really funny And it's like a reunion Having all the same people back Do you know the date that it comes back Or is it just January at some point?

That's all I know is January January, we'll look for that Anything else you want?

Whatever the date that the world ends Isn't that Let's get Harold Camping in on this Dude, that was Friday It was supposed to be Friday Did you know that was Friday?

Yeah, he said He doesn't learn from his mistake of doing a fake rapture He comes out with another one Or are we all in purgatory right now And we don't know it Oh, man Bringing this back to ghosts Remember Lost?

Yeah Yeah, I remember Lost You mean not like Lost The thing that was just on the air a year ago Yeah, I remember it Remember that old show I'm still tripping out about that That still freaks me out, man Anything else to plug or is that a That's it That's it, okay And Harris, what do you have to plug?

Just watch Parks at Rec And Scott and I have a new Analyze Fish that we're going to release sometime in December New episode coming up in about a month We're on every other month schedule Right, right So that'll be Look for that the first Monday of December probably That's all I got And listen to episode one and two Yeah, that's it actually Okay, and Hank Williams Jr.

What do you have to plug?

Well, I'm going to be doing the opening ceremony of the new Dyson Airblade at Pizzeria Mozza They just finally got a Dyson Airblade So that's why I'm out here, they flew me out here I'm going to play a little Like do a ribbon cutting and At Mozza?

Play some songs Yeah It seems kind of like too like kind of disparate sort of thing Like The Airblade at Mozza?

What do you mean?

It's like that top You and Mozza That's kind of a classy establishment What do you mean?

Because I'm trying to stay away from gluten?

Yeah Yeah, that's what I mean I don't want to fight with you, man I'm sorry I'm not fighting with anybody But this guy I just brought up that fun little slumber party game And he jumped all over my cock Fuck you, man Fuck you, all right So I want to plug Check out our shows from Bumbershoot They're still on iTunes They're still at earwolf.com Paul F. Tompkins and Andy Daly doing three different characters You can get all three of those for $9.99 And also we have comedy bang bang t-shirts Are in the store right now Two different styles And two different colors Check those out and buy those and support the show And that's it, guys Thank you so much Thank you, Scott Thank you A fantastic show Last words, final words, John?

I'm going to work on my ghost rapping at home Harris, what do you got?

Cantina Cantina and Hank?
