seat, get your seat, get your seat Happy Halloween, everyone. I'm, uh, I'm, uh, your host, uh, Hans Hauserman. Um, welcome to the show. Uh, I, uh, I got an interesting message this morning, um, saying, uh, not to go to the, uh, Earwolf Studios today, um, but to go to, uh, a different place, uh, called the Werewolf Studios. I don't know. That's not the Earwolf Studios. That's actually a place called the Werewolf Studios, which, Earwolf Studios is where we normally tape the show, but this is a place called the Earwolf, no, sorry, Earwolf is where we normally tape the show. This is a place called the Werewolf, the Werewolf Studios. Maybe it's pronounced Werewolf. That's probably better, but, um, and it turns out it's not a studio at all.

It's just a creepy old house that I'm in. Um, oh my, what is, what was that? Was that someone laughing? Oh, I usually don't hear the laughter when I do the show, but I guess one of them got through. Um, well, I guess I'll, uh, oh, there's another one. Thank you so much. Always nice to hear from a fan. Oh, this is a creepy old house though. Um, don't know why. Uh, and an interesting address too. I'd never seen this place on a map, but, uh, 1122 Boogie Woogie Avenue. I thought it was a little strange. I'd never heard of that.

It's part of Silver Lake, but, um, anyway, boy, going up these steps and, uh, I haven't seen anyone yet. Okay. Well, here's an, here's an interesting room. Um, there's a lot of mics set up and, uh, I guess this must be the place. Um, hello? Is anyone, anyone there?

Boo! Hello! Wait, are you booing me? No, I'm not booing you. I usually don't hear the boos either. Boo! Wait, are you booing me? No, he's not booing you either. No! Wait, we would never boo someone we don't know, but we would say boo to them. Boo! As a scare?

Yes. Oh yes. Are you very scared? Welcome to Werewolf Studios. Yes. You pronounce it right the first time. Thank you so much. We only record the podcasts that are scary. Podcasts that will kill you. Podcasts that will make you want to commit suicide. Wait a minute.

I remember you too. That's right. Allow us to introduce ourselves. I will allow it. Well, I wasn't really asking for you to allow it necessarily, but, um, anyway, allow. My name's Messmore and this is Buford. I'm Buford LeBaron. I remember you two from last year's show.

Oh yes. We remember you very well. You two are, are ghosts? Mmm, ghouls. Ghouls. And I remember this place. This is, uh, a house, what was the name of it? Suicide House. Ah.

That's right. Yes. It really is Suicide House, but we shielded the real identity of a house and make everybody think that it's a podcast studio called Werewolf Studios. Yes. I noticed that you had crossed out suicide, just the word suicide. Yes. And put regular above it.

Regular house. Where a couple of tricksters. But it's still on one, two, three, four, five boogie woogie lane. Oh, you had crossed out that sign too that said one one two two boogie woogie avenue and you. Yes. And we put normal street. Yes. Were you, were you fooled? I was. Yes. Are you very scared right now? I'm terrified. Well, good. Yes. Oh. Scary, right?

This is. Oh, look at that. Oh no. It's a spider. It's a spider. Spiders. Yes. Oh no. A black cat with cat AIDS. Oh, the most unlucky of all cats. Feline HIV is not a laughing matter.

Not at all. It is a scary matter though, especially if you're another cat. Yes. As is feline leukemia.

That's how it spreads. Oh, look at that. Oh, something on the floor. What is it? Oh, it looks like some sort of. I spilled some coffee. Oh god. I spilled some coffee. Yes. Ugly, horrible stain. Oh no. I just realized this house is full of stains. Yes. All of the stains are alive. There's rings on all these tables. You know us. We're always going to clean.

We're always about to clean up. But we never do. No. Oh god. Because we're evil. Yes. And we like things messy and cluttered. Yes. We don't care about cleanliness. No. Because we're dead. Spirits. Spirits, why do you torment me? Why have you brought me here? Because we love your podcast. Oh, we love it so much. We love it so much. Yes. Comedy bang bang is wonderful. Yes. It reminded me of my head bang bang when I blew my brains out. Yes.

That's how I died. Oh, I jumped off a boat. Oh really? Yes. Why? Were you upset? I thought it would be fun. I told him to. I said I'm going to blow my head off with this shotgun.

You should jump off this boat that we're on right now. So it went you then you. I jumped into the briny deep, never to return. Did you meet a mermaid down there? I did. Her name was Daryl Hannah. Wait a second. You never told me that you met Daryl Hannah in the briny deep. I met Daryl Hannah, the mermaid. Are you saying Daryl Hannah or Daryl Hammond?

Daryl Hannah. Though she did do wonderful impressions. I met Daryl Hammond. Before or after you blew your brains out. Are you trying to say that Daryl Hammond should kill himself?

No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I would never wish that upon anyone. He's already halfway there with his cutting. Yes. Oh, does he cut himself? Oh, yes. His thighs are a mess. Oh, I like him so much. I like him even more now. He loves the smell of his own blood. Don't we all though? Don't we all, Buford? Oh, we just created beef with Daryl Hammond. We might have. Oh no. Sorry. Can we edit that part out? This is some strict west coast, east coast stuff right here. Spirits. Spirits. Yes. Are you telling me that my podcast, when everyone listens to it, they will commit suicide? Oh, you said that much better than we could have.

Yes, exactly. Yes. At the end of the podcast, everyone who listens will commit suicide.

It will be so horrible, so relentlessly funny. You won't be able to take it. It will be goofy and hilarious. And you'll simply be driven to end it all. Yes, because it will never get more hilarious than this. Spirits, why do you torture me so? Because we love you, Scott. We love your podcast. And we hate ourselves. Thank you so much. That is so nice to hear.

We want you to die. Thank you. Yes, and live here with us. Forever. I don't know what's come over me, but I feel as if I've gone into a trance. Yes, you have, Scott. Sit down.

Oh, thank you so much. I will. Sit down. Have this glass of water. Here's a nice glass of water. Oh, okay. Thank you so much. Clean glass. Now, listen to this trance music. And just try not to dance to the trance. All right, I'll try not. I'm sitting down. Can we put some of that in in post? That's trancey enough, I think, even if they can't find it in post.

I think that's pretty trancey. Yes, that's fine. Spirits, what do you have planned for the show today? Well, all sorts of things. I snapped my fingers. That was me snapping my fingers. There's a microphone right in front of your face. Yes, I've been speaking into it. Earphones on your head. What does this? What does this remind you of? Boo. Reminds me of the top of the show when you said boo. No, it's our first guest. No, stupid idiot.

That's not what's happening. What are we supposed to do? I don't know. I thought we would talk to you for a while about... Yes. Do you want to die? I do, suddenly. Sorry, that's my default go-to for what I don't know what to say. Are you having a stroke right now? I think I may be. Buford, what's wrong with you? I do smell burnt toast, but maybe it's the toast that's burning in the next room. Is that the only kind of toast that you can cook here? Yes.

Horrible. Yes, and you never eat it, you just smell it, and then you have a stroke. You never get to butter it with lovely butter. Can you scrape off the burnt part of the toast?

No. Terrible. Knives are only allowed to stab. Yes. Never to spread. Yes. Knives only stab and kill. They're more like knitting needles. They don't have an edge to spread with. Yes, that's right. That's right. Or killing needles. Oh no. Wait, which of you is Buford? I'm Buford.

And I'm Mesmor. Mesmor? Tell me, Scott. Yes. Have you ever met Dracula? Have you? Have you, Scott? I can't say that I have. Would you like to meet Dracula, Scott? Yes, master.

Wait, what am I saying? Yes, ma- What am I saying? I don't want to meet Dracula. Yes.

M-m-m-m-m-master! Well, tonight, we might go to the Chateau Marmont. Dracula's having a party. Yes. Frankenstein will be there and the wolf band too. And the mummy and the creature from the black lagoon. And all of those will be getting down. We'll all be getting down.

At the Chateau Marmont? Yes. Where Belushi died? Yes, in the very bungalow that he died.

John Belushi will be there too. He'll be there? Yes. I flew first class next to Jim Belushi the other day. Oh, why do you need to fly? I thought ghosts could hover around. I like to do it sometimes. Actually, I find airplanes very relaxing. I can imagine. Well, I don't have to do any of the work. If I'm flying around, I'm doing all the work. If I'm in an airplane, especially if I'm in first class, which I only can, I'm not dropping that I get, you know, fly first class. Why would you say, why would you say first class if you weren't trying to drop it?

I'm just saying because, well, in order that you would believe it, I would be sitting next to Jim Belushi. Did you kill him? I haven't heard from him in a while. Is he dead? Jim Belushi is dead.

This is the official announcement. I'm so sorry, everyone. Yes. R.I.P. Belushi. He died from being the worst person in the world. Well, I showed him canine over and over and over again.

According to Jim. And then I showed him curly Sue over and over and over again.

That's a long plane ride. His gravestone reads, I always sucked and knew it and didn't care.

I knew that I was torturing you. That's what you wrote on. He wrote that on his tombstone.

I wrote it over his tombstone and marker. He went there one night to the cemetery and he wrote it. He just crossed out what was already there. Loving father and husband. Loving father and husband, wonderful comedian was all crossed out. So Buford. Yes. You've been very constipated lately. You want to talk about that? I haven't taken a shit in five years. Does that happen in this house? Will I never be able to take a shit again? You'll never shit again. That's how we brought you into it. Good. Very good. Will I have, will I have hammer ghosts on my butthole?

You'll have hammer ghosts. You'll have, um, you're going to get, yes, you have to, you're going to get ghost disease, which is very similar to Crohn's disease. And you'll have dis and spooky.

You will have entire spooker and you'll have goolips in your colon, polyps. Oh, okay.

Polyps. I'll get it. Yes. Yes. It's all coming to an end. The last satisfying shit you took.

You have to hold onto that memory. It was a really good one. Was it in the Earwolf Studios?

It was in the Earwolf Studios. I apologize to everyone. I apologize to Professor Blastoff.

Recorded right after me. Well, Tecna Taro called us and said, I mean, that's really the reason you're here. Good one. You were so angered by your huge meat shit that you took right before she recorded that. She said, Messmar, Buford. Hi, it's Tig. Remember when we met at the Echo?

We hung out backstage and, you know, had some beers. We said, oh yes, that was fun. There's this guy I don't like, Scott Arkham. And we said, Ooh, we're big fans of him. We listen to comedy, bang, bang all the time. Comedy, fang, fang. Comedy, fang, fang. Sorry. Comedy, fang, fang.

Yes. Funny. Funny. Very funny. That's very funny. Yes, I like it very much.

So I'm here because Tig cursed me. Tig Taro cursed you to never take a shit again.

Knew this would happen. Yes. I knew when I was a little boy, like a fortune teller came up to me and predicted that. Yes. So when I met Tig Taro the very first time and she introduced herself to me, I gasped in horror knowing that eventually this would happen. Right. So take your pants off.

Okay. Take them off. We have to shove this cork up your ass. Yes. The cork of suicide.

There you go. My guy. My guy go. Yes. You'll get used to it. We have. Why does the cork need to be up my ass? To keep you from shitting. So I could just take it out and then shit. No. Yes. Yes. That would really make us mad. It would really do that. I don't know. I'm going to just take it out. Oh, no. Now I'm really teed off, man. I'm really teed off. I'm sorry to shit on your floor.

Well, sorry, Tig, because it didn't work. Oh well. But there's another curse. Another curse to save you. What? Say it to me. Say it to me, spirit. You'll never be able to dance cool again.

Oh, I'm such a cool dancer. You'll never do another cool dance. That's how I get all my girls.

No, not anymore, Scott. Here, check this out. I know I can dance cool. Here, check this out.

Hey, wait a minute. See? You look stupid. Wait a minute. Do I look stupid just because you say I look stupid? You've got two left feet. Yes. I do. Yes. Two left feet. Oh my God. Yes. Yes.

My feet have changed. And look at my hands. There's also a pole in your ass.

We replaced the cork with a pole. The cork opened to toughen up enough for us to fit the pole inside. Yes. Oh, your bad dancing loosened up that asshole and made perfect room for a pole.

Oh, yeah. Makes sense. See, we're tricksters. That bad dancing, that was the first curse.

The cork was just a smoke screen. That was a precursor? Yes. A precursor? A precursor.

Is that how that got its name? It did. That's right. When Shakespeare came up with that, we were hanging out at the Globe. Hanging? We were out hanging around. I get it. I get it. I get it. From a noose. I think, Mom, I think it's cooler that I hung out and murdered Jippalooshee, actually. Than Shakespeare? Yes. Yeah. Everybody meets Shakespeare in the spirit world.

Well, I heard- Shakespeare's all around. I heard from that movie that he was just some person who never wrote. Yes, he is. He's a real country bumpkin, but he's funny.

He was a funny, he was a nice guy. He's funny. He farts and burps and, you know. He hates women. I think that's hilarious. Yes. Well, spirits, do you have a good show planned for us today? We have a wonderful show. Why don't we go to a song and take a little break, and then when we come back, we'll have whatever guests, whatever spirits will avail themselves to us. Shall I sing a song? Well, I was working in the lab. That's not your song. Frankenstein came in and they gave me a fright. A zombie and a Martian were there too, and a werewolf said, boo boo boo boo boo boo. Oh, Jesus Christ. This is the worst part of suicide. Well. Doesn't it make you want to kill yourself, though? It doesn't. That's the point. Just about there.

You shouldn't want to kill yourself. Guilford singing Monster Mash has made me assimilate suicide 47 times. Well, I was working here. Oh, no, no, no, no. It was terrible. Not good.

Let's go to a real song that'll make all of our listeners try to commit suicide. This is Weirder Scott featuring Amy Mann. This is Halloween E.T. Please Phone Home. We'll be right back with Comedy Fang Fang. It's Halloween E.T. Please Phone Home. Yeah. The leaves coming down. I'm certain it's fall in this suburb town. E.T. Please Phone Home. My mom's a cat lady and E.T.'s a ghost.

She took a flash picture. E.T. Please Phone Home. Your finger is my friend.

I don't want our friendship to end. How I wish you could stay right here when you'll be dead by Christmas this year. Purdy costumes of ploy so no one will see. Gertie acts as decoy. Please Phone Home E.T. Yeah. They're singing trick or treat. They're singing smell my feet. Give me something good to eat. E.T. Please Phone Home. We soar through the night on my flying bike because it's Halloween night. Please Phone Home. E.T. Please Phone Home. You gotta get home or you'll die like that plant. Come on E.T. Phone Home. You're gonna be a dead alien if that dude from the government cuts you open. Oh. Terrifying. Oh boy. That song is terrifying. So terrifying isn't it? It's so weird.

Weird. We're back here in Suicide House. Yes. For Comedy Fang Fang. I'm here with Messmore and Buford. Yes. The new hosts for this episode. Okay. I get my show back next week or am I doomed?

No. I just got your hopes up only to smash them right now. Right now. Your hopes are dashed on the rocks of your own mind. Much like a accident in a car but transfer all that blood and guts down to some rocks. And then you've got a thing. Hold on. I'm taking notes. Please write all of this down. You really shouldn't. I enjoy Amy Mann. I enjoy her band Till Boo's Day. That's not her band. Ah damn it. I also. Stop it. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry everyone. Look. I've started dating lately.

Really? Yes. I'm back in the mix. It's fantastic. You are dating a lovely ghoul. Oh yes. A hermaphrodite.

Yes. Best of all worlds. Tell me about her. Man, woman and spirit. That's a trifrodite. Uh huh.

Yes. Oh did I not say trifrodite? Yes I meant trifrodite. Yes. Up till this point in my life the only spirit that I've ever been in contact with is the Holy Spirit. I'm very religious as you both know. Yes we know. There is no God in suicide. No don't tell me that. Jesus walks up to the house and says you know what I don't think so. These people. He walks away.

Are damned to hell forever. I've spent my life doing good doing good works. It doesn't matter here.

Yes. No one will save your soul here. Yes. It's all black. What a pointless endeavor. What a pointless endeavor going throughout your life being moral just so some man in the sky can someday let you sit next to him on a cloud. Oh you're so stupid. You're so dumb. You fool. With your whole perspective on your own life and your own morality. Hell for you will be recording a comedy bang bang podcast every hour for no one. No one will ever hear the great shows that I put out. In hell there is no iTunes. I wish Steve Jobs went to hell instead of heaven so he could create iTunes down here.

No no no. He's in heaven. Down here you have dye tunes. And Zune. Yes. Zune yeah. No I figured Zune came down here. Oh we don't use Zune that much. Yeah it just doesn't work. Dye tunes works much better. Yeah the interface on Zune. But not as well as iTunes. We also use Booify. Right.

But and you know a lot of what is Booify? Spotify. Oh right right right yes. And Pandetta. Pandetta.

No Deda. Deda right. Not panchetta. P for Pandetta. Well spirits. Whenever we feel like catching up on the news we read the Huffington Ghost. Yes the Huffington Ghost. What about the Wash Ghostington Post? Oh yes that too. That too. Okay good. We also read the New York Slime. No is Slime down here?

Oh yes. He's so cute. Slime is down here. Slime is the one ghost who's allowed to go between heaven and hell. Yes. Because he's got a little good in him and he's got a little bad in him. Yeah that's what makes him so adorable. He's so cool and he loves hot dogs. Does he bring messages from God to you? In a way. Yes. He eats a hot dog. He writes it on the hot dog. Hot dogs are tasty so we imagine that you know God told him go down there and eat a hot dog. He loves hot dogs so much that sometimes his little mouth will be full of them. Yes. Your story checks out. Yes. Hot dogs are a good old hotel tray.

Anything that would be on a room service card. No I get it. Yes. Who are you gonna call? I don't know.

Scott Ockerman. Spirits do we have any guests on this show? I'm sorry ghosts on this show today?

Many ghosts slash guests slash ghosts on this show. Should we bring out one? I feel as though we should.

Yeah. The first guest is a ghost. Wait what is that? Boy. What is that laughing?

It's the laughter of a boy. Oh hey misters have you seen my baseball? Hello. Oh Mr. Saucerman.

Ghost boy I remember you from last year. Oh hey so nice to see you here. Oh it's so scary to see you.

Ghost boy tell Scott what we've been doing to you. Well they've been making me uh eat all their slime burritos. Wait Slimer wipes his hands on the burritos? On the burritos and and then they bake them and and then I have to eat them and uh and that's that's pretty much it. So they allow you to eat good. You got a real sweet setup here. Yeah well I spend I don't spend too much time here I followed you from Earwolf Studios this morning after after your big after your big shit that you took. You were haunting the Earwolf Studios last year and then we moved into the new studios.

Did you follow us over there? I followed you there and I spend most of my time in the old bell tower up on top of the new Earwolf Studios. Oh that creepy bell tower that's up there for some reason.

That no one comes to. We got him a hump for his birthday. Really? On his back. Oh okay. Hunchback.

Humpback of nutrition mule. Was your birthday on Wednesday? Yes it was on Wednesday. Humpday?

It was on hump day. That's why everyone was singing happy hump day to me. Yes and then we went right into the Humpty Dance. Yes the Humpty Dance is your chance to do the boo.

That's how the song goes. So Ghost Boy what have you what have you been up to since last we ghost I mean spoke? Oh no I understood the first time. Okay. I know ghost the Humpty Dance was recorded by digital under the ground.

Sorry, sorry Ghost Boy. You scared me. I'm sorry.

Well what have I been up to? I guess I've been using the studio to to record a nuke variety album with songs and jokes. That's right Ghost Boy you you sang songs when we saw you.

I like to sing little songs and wander around the halls and and and you have a lovely ghost voice for a little boy a seven-year-old boy I would guess that you are seven. I'm really good at handicapping how old little boys are. And I'm handicapped so. Right. Yes not just dead but actually yeah. Did you did they make you handicapped here in Suicide House? They they made me handicapped they they attached a a weird splint to my wiener and it handicapped my little seven-year-old wiener.

Yes well well well it's not very comfortable no it's and isn't really bad the meaning of being handicapped is being uncomfortable. That's true yes it's just a little popsicle stick.

Do they let you shit here in Suicide House? Mm-hmm. Oh. Only boys can shit. Yes. You can't not let little boys shit. Yes they're going to scream and yell and it's really annoying. That's not right. Yeah that's you gotta have some kind of humanity. There is a lie. You can no longer shit.

You're no longer allowed. Well I took one shit on the ground but from what I understand I'm now bad from shitting. You will never shit again. I have a pole up my ass currently. I have a popsicle stick on my wiener so. Right. Inhuman. I'm handicapped. Well nobody ever said that we were human.

We're supernatural. Guys. Just like my tits. Supernatural. Supernaturals.

Supernaturals. Big supernaturals. Big supernaturals. Mesmoil got a titty job. I've been eating a lot of soy and smoking a lot of marijuana. Yes. And it's all gone right to my mantis.

I've been rubbing Vaseline on the stitches. Yes. You like these flappy jobbies?

So Ghost Boy can you perform one of your songs for us? Oh I'd love to. I'd love to.

Are you ready? Do you need any kind of ghost up? I mean set up? No no I'll just perform one of the songs. Do you need any kind of backing ghost? Oh sure if you guys want to. You may know one of my little ditties here if you want to you know. Is it one of our favorites? Papa loves Mambo. Do you know? Papa loves Mambo. I think we love her. You can just copy me after you hear it.

You just hear the lyric and then you can copy me. Okay sounds fun. Papa loves Mambo. Yeah that's the one okay. Fantastic. One two three four. Papa loves Mambo. Papa loves Mambo. Mama loves Mambo. Mama loves Mambo. Look at them sway with it. They're really gay with it. Look at them play with it now. Papa loves whiskey. Papa loves whiskey. Mama loves opium. Mama loves opium.

Look at them fighting. They are really biting. A fire will burn our home down. Papa is passed out. Papa is passed out. Mama is passed out. Mama is passed out. Fire is eating us. The flames all lick our little butts and now we all burn alive. Ghost boy loves limbo. Ghost boy loves limbo.

Ghost boy loves limbo. Ghost boy loves limbo. It's the place that I'm stuck in. Lots of ghosts like to fuck and then we'll burn for eternity. Mambo number five. Oh that's depressing. I don't know. I remember the story of how you died. What was it? You were all asleep in your house. This is back in the 20s or the 30s? Back in the third 20s. 1930s? 1920s? 1930s. And my daddy, we were all sleeping in our one big bed that my whole family sleeps in and my daddy had a lit cigarette in his mouth when he fell asleep and then it caught the sheet on fire and then he farted and it jumped all over the bed. How do you know he farted? Were you there? I heard just a loud explosion followed by a louder explosion. What a funny way to start a fire. It wasn't very funny at the time but in hindsight it is very funny. I don't think it's funny. I think it's terrible. Terrifying. So in limbo is it just one big ghost orgy? It's a big, yeah there's a lot of orgies around and then there's a lot of giant insect creatures that chase you and and I mean it's just kind of a it's a real it's a real mess. I don't know you guys should come to limbo sometime you know. Yeah it seems like you split your time between the Earwool Studios limbo and suicide actually. Yeah I've got a thing I don't think I can come to. Yes I've got a thing to do. I've got to work in the lab. I'm going to be working in the lab. No you're not. I'm going to be working in the lab. You're not working in the lab. Please don't work in the lab. The monsters came and gave me a very bad fright. No no no. That song would go very well in limbo. Oh really? Well maybe you should go to limbo. I think you're lying just to try and get me to hang out with you and I do like it.

Uh Ghost Boy do you have any other songs that you? Oh sure I'll sing another another song and I've got do you want to tell you want me to tell one of my new jokes? Oh yeah that's right you tell ghost jokes. It's a variety album that I've been working on. Oh okay sure tell a joke first. Knock knock. Who's there? Boo's there. Scott you're doing a fantastic job.

Yes thank you so much. Halloween puns. The spooky puns. Thank you so much Massmore.

I'm learning. Spooky puns. Oh that's so good. Even better. Spooky. That's a hat on a hat. Spooky.

Spooky witch. Spooky witch buns. Yes there we go. Which you could take in two different ways.

A bun in the head or a bun in the butt. A bun in the head. Well the butt is the bun. A bun on the head.

Oh I get it. You know what I mean. I thought you meant in your mouth which is on your head. Oh.

Like a cinnamon bun. That too. Three ways. A bun on your head. A bun in your head. That's fantastic. And a bun on the butt.

That's fantastic. Well that's not usually how my joke goes. Sorry. Oh sorry. Who's that? Is this a joke or a joke? I was just sharpening some knives. I'm confused. Some knitting needles. Knock knock. Who's there? Who's there? Bear. Bee. Bee who?

Who? Be careful because there might be some Negroes running around. Hey. Oh. Okay. Wait a second. Look Ghost Boy I know that you're racist.

I know you died in the in the 1920s. I'm a product of my time period. Look that's that's not what we don't.

I think you just. What have we told you? You just had to be there. You had to be there. It's the 2000s. I was there. I was there.

Oh really? You were around in the 1920s? Yes. Were you racist too? No no no. I was the only white member of the NAACP.

Really? Yes I was. I was. I was in the KKK until I learned that they were racist and then I quit. This is three years ago? It took yes three years. I was the only dead member.

Yes. I have been alive since the time of Anonymous. I mean Shakespeare. Yes.

Is that what it's going to be? Is that what the plays are going to? Be titled by? Yeah we're going to switch over to Anonymous. To Anonymous? Anonymous' wonderful play as you like it. Yes.

Has a nice ring to it. I'm going to go to Anonymous Fest. I love Romeo and Gulliet.

She did die at the end of that spoiler alert. Oh yeah. Why did you ruin that? I've never seen that before. My favorite play is probably Mac Death. Don't say that here in this uh. Oh sorry.

The tradition is bad luck. So do you have another song? Oh sure sure.

Or a joke? Please don't make it racist. No no. Uh okay here we go. Here's another song.

It had to be glue. It had to be glue. It had to be glue. I wandered around nicely browned from combust you. Combust you. Combust you. I'll see you soon. We'll burn and we'll spoon.

It had to be glue. Tick tick tick tick boom. What? Seriously depressing. That needs a couple of more drafts.

Yeah that's not enough of something. Some of these are still sort of a work in progress.

When a draft is going and let the pages fly out the window. Yeah but then I can have fun and fly and chase them around in the wind. Well you could yes. That's what I usually do. That would be much more beneficial than ever singing that again. Maybe more jokes or whatever.

Maybe. Oh okay. Do you want to hear another joke? Yes. Okay one more joke. How many bricks did the did the bricklayer use to build his new house? How many? A lot I would think. I mean a house normally takes up quite a few bricks. But if you have very large bricks. That's true and not all of the house necessarily is made of bricks. Like you can have an accent wall. Exactly. Yeah it's hard to handicap this one. You know I love a nice brick stone wood combination. Yeah yeah and also bring nature into it like water like have a fountain and then some plants. Yes Frank Lloyd Wright.

Frank Lloyd Wright was right. Yes Frank. Get those natural elements in there. They didn't call him Frank Lloyd Ron. No. Or Frank Lloyd Foo. Some of his critics called him Frank Lloyd Ron. Really?

Apparently it was a sex cult. That would make sense. Yeah. Did we ever get the answer to your question about bricks? Oh no no. Okay then. What was the funny joke? We have no idea. Yeah do the setup again. How many bricks did the bricklayer use to build his house? How many? Depends if there's negroes running around. Okay. Come on. Ghost boy. We don't. Those kind of jokes are not welcome here.

You know what? That's it. You're not allowed to shit here anymore. Oh no. Because of that racist comment. Cork. Pole. Cork. Pole. We keep taking it out and putting it back in. Just try and do a funky dance with a pole in your butt. I'm seven. I'm seven. And no more slimer slime on your burritos.

Now the kids love slimer. Your burritos will only be poyo and a rose. And things like that.

Yes. Get out of here ghost boy. No stay ghost boy. I'm just kidding. Stay for the show. I'm just kidding. Stay for the show. I want to see you not shit. But I gotta shit real bad. No. Never again.

Ghost boy. I just had a, I just had one of the burritos. Yes we know. All that slime is gonna have to stay in your stomach. Yes. Yes it takes seven years. I've never said that to a seven year old boy before. Your brain's filled with garbage. Otherwise known as racism. So your stomach should be filled with garbage too. That's right. You'd be laughing if it was back in the day. No because they weren't actually jokes. I was hanging out with W.E.B. DuBois. We might have been as racist but they don't qualify as jokes. Yes they weren't uh switches or anything for them to be. I have a prop joke for my album. One more joke and then we have to take a break. We have an album coming out.

That's right ghost boy has an album coming out. What is your album called out? Called by the way?

Spookulator. All right. Okay. That's still a work in progress. Wait is this the spook?

Spook. What kind of spook are we talking about ghost boy? Uh the Asian kind? What? Oh I don't know. God. Not even getting it right. Not even right racism. Misguided racism. Wrong racism.

Terrible. He's a seven year old boy. Seven year old boys are confused about what you know adults are talking about a lot. I told him he should call his album Let's Get Tall. That's right.

Right. All right. I'm still considering it. I haven't I haven't just completely. Oh you are?

Rejected. I think you should call it comedy minus fun. Me. All right tell your joke ghost boy. Tell your joke. Oh it's a prop. It's a prop. Okay go ahead. Oh wow look at that. Yeah it's just a it's a toilet seat and uh. Oh someone's laughing already. It's very funny. I think many of the ghosts here uh prefer setups to punch laughing. This is a good audience. They are really good.

Even laughing at the setups. Yes no they are really good. And it just uh. You've got them.

In uh obviously in this brown writing on the toilet seat it says uh depends if there's negroes. Oh come on. All right enough ghost boy enough. All right it's a prop joke. Let's go like that. Tell you what let's go to a song uh and when we come back we'll have more ghost guests.

All right. Yes. This is the diamonds here at Comedy Fang Fang. We'll be right back.

I love to take my baby to a movie show. So I can try to smooch her while the lights are low.

But she won't curdle to a story of romance. There's only one way I've got a chance.

It takes the Batman, Wolfman, Frankenstein or Dracula to put her in the mood for love.

It takes the cat girl dog boy creature from the black lagoon to make her feel like making love.

It takes a monster from outer space to make my baby want my embrace and when I hold her she's like a dream. If only she could hear somebody scream. She doesn't go for parking down in love is lane and lots of moonlight doesn't drive this girl insane. She thinks the dreamy music really is a bore but I found out what she's looking for. It takes the Batman, Wolfman, Frankenstein or Dracula to make her tender as can be. It takes a cat girl dog boy creature from the black lagoon to get her making love with me. If there's a mad man whose teeth are curled who grows a bed bug that wrecks the world she gets romantic. It's really quaint when all the other women start to faint.

Oh the diamonds with Batman, Wolfman, Frankenstein.

Back here in suicide house. Or equally scary. Batman, Wolfman and Frankenstein. I would argue Batman is the scariest. Yeah but well that's how he strikes terror into the hearts of his uh of anyone who would take advantage of the oppressed. And he's really not at peace with who he is as a guy. Yeah I don't think. Batman, Wolfman, Frankenstein. Sounds like a regular day of Arkham Asylum. We're here in suicide house. What'd you drink ghost boy juice?

Booze. Shut up. Shut up. All right Messmore Buford do we do we have another ghost guest?

We do. A very scary man. Neil Campbell ladies and gentlemen. Neil Campbell. I know you. You've been on the show before. That's true. Actually I don't think I have. No. Oh okay. A scientist who shrunk people down and had a voice similar to mine may have been on. Oh okay. But I don't believe I've been on. What would people know you from? If they look at the schedule on the UCB theater you may be wondering who picked the shows that go up. They know my work. And you also co-write Mike Detective. I co-write Mike Detective. Yes. So it's very nice to have you as a ghost.

Welcome to suicide house. Have you ever been been here before? Uh no no I have not. We're very excited to have you here. Yeah thanks. Did you get lured here yourself? I was looking I'm working on a show and I was looking for a rehearsal space and I saw that there was a real cheap one at 1-1-2-2 Boogie Woogie Avenue. Right yes. Did you find it on Craig's ghost? Yes. Yeah we posted on Craig's ghost. We're also on guilt. What? Guilt? Yes. We put guilt on the fashion site. Also follow us on Twitter. We're at suicide house. Okay. You can also uh if you're coming into town for a short stay you can find it on Airbnb. Yes. Also Facebook. To stay though not the rehearsal space. All right.

And you already said you're on Slitter. We're on Slitter throat. Let me ask you a question new Campbell. Are you ready to die? No I would say I'm not ready. There's a lot I still want to accomplish.

I love when he asks that. It's so it's so it's always like it's the first time for me. Yes.

Just the ring in it. Are you ready? Do it again. Are you ready to die? Oh I love it. I love it a lot.

Oh yes. Because before you. So Leo tell us about this show. What's it about? What show? We haven't talked about it have we? Well I said I was looking for a rehearsal space. Oh rehearsal right yes.

Sorry I had I had spooknesia. Um well now I'm working on I mean I'm pretty famous for my one man shows where I play a bunch of different characters. He does great one man shows. They're not all I mean they're funny. You do a lot of characters. There's warmth. There's pathos.

Yeah yeah. There's pathos. I've done one about people who live below the poverty line. You know this is like kind of a theme to it. Oh I know I know. I follow your work. Oh thank you. I did one about all the the women in my life who have inspired me. Interesting show. That was real that was a great one where you you I mean because I left having felt inspired by the women in my life too. I know that you know your experience sort of mirrored mine. And I had a totally different reaction to it when I saw it. Really what was yours? Well I just felt I I felt like I had to give a lot of women an apology. You know and I try to mirror people's experiences. That's why that last piece I just hold a mirror up to the audience. Yeah yeah. And I go think about it. That blew my mind. I loved your poem by Maya Anjubu. It was really interesting too you have to buy a different mirror depending on how ticket sales are going. Yeah yeah. And depending where you're playing.

Yeah. You need you know if you're in LA or New York you can do a skinnier mirror. Well in the rest of the country you need big fat mirrors. Yes. Luckily you're one of America's premier mirror collectors. It's true. Well I was in Washington DC at the arena stage and I had to get a mirror that went all around me. Oh my goodness. That's a big mirror. Yeah. That's some mirror. Enough about mirrors. Let's stop reflecting on that. Yes. Let's talk. Let's move. Vampires can't. Let's talk about your new show. Oh okay well so you know most of my shows in the past have been pretty uh trying to honor people I guess or or maybe shed a light on people who don't get a lot of exposure but this is um this is new territory for me. This is a show about psychopaths.

I wondered why you would be on this particular show. This sounds a little scary. I was wondering that as well. Much like the audience is probably wondering why I'm on. No they're not. They probably they're hoping you die. True. Die. And so but you know I mean I it's this is new territory for me.

It's it's portraying uh dark demented heinous people trying to find some humanity in these in these really dark uh uh kind of souls. That sounds amazing. Challenging. Yeah well it has been. In these dark times. Yeah and it's it's it's tough it's it's it's personally it's it's tough for me to do this. Well congratulations go back to rehearsing and we'll continue on with the show.

Okay well thank you. Thanks so much. I will. Thanks a lot. It's very nice to have you on the show. Bye. So Miss Warren Buford. Yes. Hey you know what I just got a crazy idea. What if we had Neil actually do a part of his show. I thought he was going to. I thought that was just. Oh wait did I cut him off? No I don't know. That would be. Should I go. I don't know what happened. Should I go get him?

I like this part where we're just talking about doing it. Can we stretch this out?

What hello yeah sorry I was just in the bathroom trying to take a shit. There was a cork up my butt. You will never shit again. Yes and now and now there's a pole up there too. Oh god you. The cork and pole?

The cork loosened it up. Just try getting down and getting funky now. All right. You'll be able to do it as well. Hey Neil we were we were wondering um since you're not shitting could you maybe do part of your show for us? Uh sure I mean it is a work in progress WIP but um yeah yeah I'd be happy.

It's a WIP. Scott jumped the gun in my mouth on that one. Uh do you need anything from us?

Uh uh no I'm just gonna I'm just going to uh take it away here. All right.

Hello. I know you're watching me detectives wondering what questions to ask me.

Well why don't I help you out? Would you like to know my favorite color? I'm sure you're thinking it must be blue or green a nice normal color but no my favorite color is black. Are you quite disturbed?

Well I've just begun to peel back the layers of my insanity. For instance my favorite holiday isn't something joyous like Thanksgiving or Christmas no. My favorite holiday is Halloween. And as for my favorite word it isn't friendship or happiness like it is for most people. No my favorite word is bugs. Are you wondering how I wound up this way? Well perhaps it was my upbringing.

Perhaps it was my upbringing. Where you see while other little boys and girls were watching Mickey Mouse and Snorks cartoons I was busy watching Bart Simpson. That's right. Instead of enjoying wholesome family programming I was watching Bart, Wendell, and the rest of his mischievous little pals wreak their particular brand of havoc upon their idyllic hometown. Jebediah Springfield's statue never saw it coming. Now at this point I imagine that you think you're one step ahead of me. If you were to guess my favorite books you would probably guess R.L. Stine's Goose Bumps series. But no my favorite books are R.L. Stine's Fear Street series. They're for a slightly older audience. And as for my favorite movie rating it isn't G or PG but PG-13. That's almost the worst one there is. Now I suppose detectives that I should answer the big question which is what am I doing here? After all you two were just sitting down at an outdoor cafe trying to enjoy some lunch when I stopped and began speaking. I imagine the only reason you haven't arrested me is because I'm all the way across the street completely out of earshot and you haven't heard a word I've said. Which is probably for the best if you ever want to get a full night's sleep again.

Well I suppose I should return to my job now working here at Tailwashers.

Well I was gone. Did we get any new kitties to clean?

There you go.

I have to say and I don't throw this word around that was psycho. I know I'm trying to really really explore some of the darker minds of our time. You really explored it. Thank you. I really related to that character. I constantly am saying things to people out of earshot.

Oh I think they can hear me but they can't you know. Last time I checked I have a loud voice.

That's your fang. Yes that is my fang. Well thank you so much Neil that was horrifying.

Fantastic. A terrifying glimpse into the mind. When is that show and where is it? Too scary.

Um well it's I'm still workshopping it but hopefully we'll get a run at the Mark Taper Forum.

Well I'm sure you will. Congratulations. Do you mind sticking around for the rest of the show?
