Hey everybody, welcome to Comedy Death Ray Radio.

My name is Jimmy Pardo.

I am filling in.

Joe, as we say in the business, and I tried to make this point last time, when somebody's on assignment, they're away from the broadcast booth, because we are above all else, we're broadcasters.

Yes.

You and I are broadcasters.

Thank you.

I've tried to tell the management here.

Right?

Let them know we are broadcasters.

Yeah, first and foremost.

Now, when Scott Archiman shows up, who usually hosts Comedy Death Ray Radio, he's a gentleman playing the role of a broadcaster.

Can we agree on that?

Yeah, he's quite an actor, that Scott Archiman.

He does a great job, but he is officially on assignment.

He is down at Comic-Con in San Diego, where I don't know where you fall on that, Joe.

While I have my own weird hobby, nerddoms, Comic-Con would probably make me want to find a Hulk mask and use the elastic to hang myself with it.

I can't think of anything worse than Comic-Con.

Right?

I would want to be accepted by those people, but I feel they would reject me, and if you get rejected by the Comic-Con crowd...

But why do you want to be accepted by them?

Aren't those the people we avoided in high school?

We were better than them.

Yeah, but look at them now, though.

They have taken over.

All right, again, I'm having equipment trouble.

I've got a microphone that insists on being in my lap, and I've got headphones that cut out every 12 seconds, Joe.

Oh, yeah, that's a common occupational hazard.

Did I interrupt you doing nothing just then?

I looked over.

I was actually having a conversation with a guy that was looking past me.

Who was in?

Who was that behind you?

Hi, Joe.

It's a poster.

Is that Padre Pio?

Did he just appear?

Yeah, Padre Pio.

Somebody just thumb tacked him up.

Anyhow, Joe Escalante is here.

Joe, you cannot stay the entire show, right?

No, and usually no one talks to me during the show, so that's why I'm alarmed.

Are you thrown?

Yeah, my mic is not on during the show.

I'm the engineer for the Comedy Death Day.

Not as far as I'm concerned, sir.

Every Friday at noon, I enjoy it.

I love it.

I like the idea of you being on air.

Yeah, but you know, it's like... I've got to give Scott Ackerman his wings.

Right, but don't you think you need to support those wings?

Don't you think you need to be the wind beneath those wings?

No, I'm going to talk to him when I get back.

He's Pat Medler.

You're the wind.

You've got to support him.

He's not a broadcaster.

He's not a brother like we are.

I'm going to rethink things.

Which, by the way, is very important to bring up our first guest today who's going to be calling in.

He's in Walla Walla, Washington.

He's over at Classic Country 97.9.

This gentleman's name is AJ Christopher, and he heard the last time that I filled in for Scott Ackerman here on the program.

He is a broadcast veteran.

He's been in radio since 1967.

This gentleman is a fan of my podcast, Never Not Funny.

Excellent.

Never Not Funny, the podcast.

He loves the podcast, but he feels that I'm not so hot live radio.

He thinks I'm good on the podcast.

Anyway, we're going to call him, or he's going to call us.

I don't know how technology works.

I'm not good with the live radio.

He is going to let me know how I can better myself on live radio.

Do you want to go to him now, or are we going to the music?

Let's play a song.

Let's see if we can get AJ Christopher on there, because I think he's during his air shift right now in Walla Walla at 97.9.

Musically this week, what I'm doing, Joe, is I'm playing music by people that I think need to be discovered that were never discovered.

People that are always on the verge, but nobody ever gave them the break.

I like it.

The first guy is a gentleman by the name of Daver.

He is out of Chicago, Illinois, Joliet, Illinois, to be precise.

This song is called The Self Proclaimed Critic.

Hey that was Daver with Self Proclaimed Critic from his pop art album, Daver, out of Joliet, Illinois.

I'm having some trouble with the headphones, Joe.

And I'm trying to do a professional broadcast, and I'm going to be taken to task by this next gentleman.

And I think maybe you can learn something from this guy, Joe.

I can't wait.

You used to do mornings here at the Indy 103.

Yeah, two and a half years of morning radio.

And now you're doing this midday thing.

Well, you know why?

Because we're on internet radio now, so you shift the important drive time.

There's no drive time in internet radio.

It's 11 to 2 is the new drive time.

You know what I call that?

Positive spin.

That's what I call that.

It's like no one's listening in the mornings.

I found that out.

Well, you know what?

That makes sense though.

Who's on their computer in the morning?

Nobody.

They're in their car.

Nobody can be listening unless they have an app.

Yeah, an app.

People aren't having those apps.

All right, let's do this.

This gentleman, let me give a little build up here.

Again, this gentleman has been working in radio since 1967.

I guess he got his first, his people sent this over.

He got his first job in Tuscaloosa.

He is now in Walla Walla, Washington in a classic country, 97.9, which begs the question, why was he listening to this show if this guy is a country guy?

But I guess different strokes for different folks, everybody likes a little something different.

Anyhow, this gentleman's name is A.J.

Christopher.

He's a professional broadcaster.

He's a DJ.

He may be on air now.

I don't know how it's working.

A.J., are you there?

Well, good radio, brother.

Yeah, always with you, always listening, always on the air.

Yeah.

Now, A.J., are we catching you during your shift?

Do you have a song playing?

Do you've got some Mel McDaniel playing?

What are you playing with there?

I've got a little Roy Clarks spinning right now, brother, so we're okay for a while of talk, and hey, you know, if I have to break away and go up for air during our conversation, just hang with me.

You know, I'm just a radio fellow just like you, brother.

I understand.

I'm here.

I'm along with Joe Escalante.

Joe used to do the morning show here, A.J., and he now does middays.

We're on the Internet, the World Wide Web.

And I- I've been in the morning for a long time.

How are you, buddy?

Good, good.

Good to hear about that.

I did the morning show, got up at 4 o'clock, looked over the papers, and read the R&R, you know.

Sure do.

Now, A.J., I guess the question is, you're a fan of my podcast, Never Not Funny.

Yeah, very, very entertaining and fun to listen to, and I'll tell you what, you're always coming up with new things, and your pals that you have on there with you, the comedy industry, can't get enough of the fun.

Well, I appreciate that, but I guess the last time, because of the podcast, you ended up listening to the last time I was on the show here, and you, sir, feel I don't know how to handle live radio very well.

Well, I wouldn't put it that way.

I'm just saying that as a veteran of the radio business, there are certain tricks that you'll learn along the way, and because I am a fan and I do like you, I thought maybe I could share a little bit of that with you.

You know, one of the things, Jimmy, is hitting the post.

You familiar with that phrase?

I'm sure your pal over there with you does, doing morning radio.

Well, there's no question Joe knows about it.

Yes, live and die by that.

Hitting the post is, A.J., if I'm not mistaken, when you're about to, you're playing a song, and Joe may have done this incorrectly on the previous show.

There was no post.

He went right to lyric, right?

So you want to talk up the music, and then shut it down right before the lyric, correct?

That's exactly right.

You talk, you give them the time, the temp, the traffic, whatever is on board at that particular time, and you want to lead it right into the vocalist.

You stop and you give the vocalist one beat, and some of the modern technology will actually count that down for you and let you know exactly when Tom T. Hall or Roy Acuff is going to jump in, and then you just kind of step to the side, and there he goes, and it's poetry, brother.

It really, really is.

Well, can you give me an example of it?

I mean, I know we don't have any music playing, but how would I ramp up?

Hey, hey, hey, hey, brother, can you hold on one more, one second, got to go for air.

Okay, go ahead.

When I was young Classic country, 97.9 Roy Clark, and yesterday when I was young, that could be an anthem for all of us, couldn't it?

84 degrees and cloudy skies and walla walla walla, he said, hey, classic country, 97.9 at Budweiser, welcome Archie Campbell to the Palladium on September 3rd for an evening of songs and stories.

We'll have tickets and more.

Keep it right here.

Here's Ray Price.

Okay.

Sorry about that, brother.

Wow.

I love to take the time to talk to you, but sometimes I forget I've got some board to run right here, right in front of me.

Well, I understand that.

I guess I would have thought that would have been a time where you would have taken advantage of showing us how to hit the post when you were going to play that Ray Price.

I thought maybe that would have been a time.

I had it right into the system.

I kind of had to, after the Roy Clark didn't realize that was going on over our conversation, so I kind of cut that out, but it did, it hit it right perfectly.

Oh, I don't doubt it.

A professional like yourself.

Lay your head upon my pillow.

That was the song.

Lay your head upon my pillow.

Is that accurate?

Yeah.

Ray Price?

What was his big hit?

Hello, Walls?

Was that Ray Price's big hit?

No, no, no.

That's the immortal Jim Reeves.

Oh, that's right.

That's Jim Reeves.

Hello, Walls.

Oh, boy.

That's some good stuff right there, isn't it?

What was another Jim Reeves hit, A.J.?

Hank Junior's Silver Memories is a good one.

He'll Have to Go.

You might have heard that one.

Jim Reeves.

Boy, oh, boy.

He really was one of, you talk about underrated guys.

Boy, Jim Reeves probably has more to do with the history of country music than just about anybody.

Well, I don't doubt that.

Do you ever get a chance, A.J., to get out there and introduce bands or artists, solo artists in a venue at any time?

Over the years, yeah.

And that is the greatest fun you can have.

You get out there, you kind of talk up the station, you give away some t-shirts and a lot of frisbees.

You pass the frisbees out to the audience.

We did Freddy Fender a couple months ago at a small theater here, 3,400 seats, and the boy jammed the place.

Oh, is that right?

Yeah.

Freddy's not healthy.

He's got a breathing mechanism that goes out there with him.

Wait, wait.

What does that mean, a mechanism that goes out there with him?

What do you mean by that, A.J.?

Well, it's kind of a machine with a tube, and it's on wheels, and Freddy kind of comes in with that next to him, and an assistant will wheel that in because it's heavy machinery if you've ever seen this stuff.

Well, I have not.

That's why I need you to explain it to me, and does that get in the way of him performing?

Is he with a band?

Is he acoustic?

I only know the one... There's two tracks, right, that Freddy Fender's known for, The Wasted Days and Wasted Nights?

The Wasted Days and Wasted Nights, and before the next teardrop falls.

Sure.

Of course, Freddy does a lot of covers of other people, some B.J.

Thomas covers and things.

Sure, Raindrops.

Yeah, and another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong song.

Oh, is that him?

Yeah, well, no, that's B.J.

Thomas, but Freddy does a great cover on that.

And so this apparatus, does this keep him breathing?

Is that the reason for this?

That's what keeps Freddy ticking, yeah.

And do you have a chance to interact with these gentlemen backstage?

I do.

A lot of times I come by and I say, yeah, I'm the emcee, I'm from the local radio station here.

We've been giving away some tickets.

I'm not going to do any comedy or anything, I'm going to leave that all the entertaining up to you guys.

And a lot of times we've done that with the local comedy shows, too, you know, we'll get in there and be the host of the show, but I'm not a comedian.

You know, by any stretch, I'm not a comedian, but I'll, you know, go up and warm the crowd up with frisbees and things.

Sure.

And be around the fellas, yeah.

You ever give away a bear cozy?

What do you call it there in Walla Walla, a cozy or a koozie?

We call it a cozy, yeah, it's got the logo from the station and you put your drink in there and it just, yeah.

It keeps it nice and cold, does it not, Adrian?

It really does.

You know what?

It really, really works.

It's not just some crazy looking thing.

It does a heck of a job.

I don't doubt that.

I love your love for anything.

Yeah.

Well, you've got to be enthused in this business, brother.

You know, you don't, you don't stick around since 1967 because you're, because you don't have an enthusiasm for it because there's always something new, always great people.

And you've bounced around a little bit, you worked in Chattanooga, you were in Little Rock for a while, you were in Bay City, or you were in Valdosta.

Yeah, Valdosta, Georgia.

That was where I met my, my pal, uh, who actually had become, he started out as just a newsman, but he came to be a sidekick, a fellow by the name of Garrity, uh, and- Oh, you worked with Garrity for a little while?

Yeah, he was a newsman, but, uh, we interacted so well, there was such a great chemistry on the air that, uh, that he became my sidekick for a little while, and, uh, what the thing was, Garrity liked to tip the, uh, the bottle a little bit, you know, the cup, and he'd be right here in the air with whiskey and that, and that morning coffee and the morning brew, and you're like, what's going on with Garrity, but I'll tell you what, we'd go out at night, you know, and relax, kick back at one of the local watering holes, and sure enough, Garrity'd always get into it with one of the locals.

Oh, is that right?

Yeah, and, uh, boy, being his friend, you know, you've got to either get the heck out of there or fight for your life, because, uh, sure enough, you know, he'd leave and he'd start jawing with one of the fellas at the bar, and all of a sudden you'd hear across the room, real, bring it on, Garrity, and then the next thing you know, that became his nickname, bring it on, Garrity, because he's always starting on A.L.A.

Is that right?

And I would imagine the guy with pipes like yourself, and I apologize, AJ, we're up against a hard break here, uh, you know, from what I'm talking about, being a brother in broadcasting.

I do, I understand what that means, absolutely.

I would imagine a guy with pipes like yourself, you'd be able to talk, uh, yourself out of any situation.

If you and Garrity are into a fight, I imagine you'd just start throwing some time and time in somebody's way, confuse them, and run like hell.

Well, that does happen a little bit, but, uh, you know, you'll see the, the, the fists, the hands are flying, and you're running there, and you say, hey, it's eight, eighteen, eighteen minutes after eight o'clock, Garrity, we've got to get out of here, and they're like, that's AJ Christopher, and that gives us our chance to, to get the living bejesus out of there.

Well, it's, uh, certainly, well, I, I certainly appreciate you taking the time here.

I know you're, you're in the middle of your own program.

Uh, I don't want to take up too much of your time.

I do appreciate you taking a little time to spend with us here on Comedy Death Ray Radio and Indie 103.

Um, any, any final words, AJ?

Well, just be, you know, all I can say is just be true to yourself, and be yourself, and the people out there, we're not, we're not celebrities, we're not big shots, we're just one of them.

And the more people realize that, and the better grasp you can have of that, the more success you're gonna have.

Just remember, you're not a celebrity, you're just one of them, just like me.

Alright, thank you so much.

AJ Christopher, folks, you're from Colorado, Washington.

Uh, he's on Classic Country 97.9.

Hey, here's Ben Wise.

Well, I'm gonna play some, uh, some Jim Reeves first.

Oh, some Jim Reeves first.

Just, just a second.

He's got more fun than anybody's had, don't got no worry, don't got no dough, everybody's wondering about Mexico.

And everybody, that was Ben Wise, uh, with the song, oh, hey, oh, geez, Ben came right at me there, right in the middle of his, uh, song title, he attacked.

That's Ben Wise, simple as that, from the album Beside the Dial, uh, that came in at about four minutes flat.

I learned that from AJ Christopher in our previous segment.

I tried to do a little post-up, a little posting up to that song beforehand, uh, but then, uh, Joe decided to throw some Jim Reeves at me, which I was not expecting, uh, and quite frankly, a professional broadcaster, shouldn't surprise another professional broadcaster like that.

Uh, so much so that I kicked Joe out of the studio and said, take off Escalante, adios, Mexico Joe.

Uh, so Stephanie is now sitting, uh, behind the, uh, the boards, minding the ones and twos.

Hi, Steph.

Hey, what's up?

How are you?

I'm doing very well.

My name is Jimmy Pardo.

I'm filling in for Scott Ackerman here.

This is CDR radio, comedy death rate radio, indy1031.com.

Uh, right now we're joined, uh, Stephanie, uh, by a gentleman who has a, I saw this on the worldwide web, which is probably where you could have, if you're not, if you're not listening to 103.1, obviously you're looking at other websites and such.

Uh, I went over to adam.com and I saw this gentleman, uh, he calls himself the shaman.

And I, uh, when I had the opportunity to host this program, this comedy death rate radio, uh, I said to myself, I'm going to get this guy on.

I got to find out what he's all about.

Did I know I'd walk in and he'd be shirtless?

I did not know that.

I thought he'd be wearing a, you know, they're dressed like a gentleman, but he's a, he's got no shoes on.

He's got a pair of track pants and, uh, okay.

I don't need the feet in my face though.

All right.

That's fine.

I don't mind.

Okay.

Thank you.

Stephanie, you stay out of it.

First of all, we don't, I don't, you know, of course you don't mind.

Hello, Stephanie shaman Stephanie, I want to get in your blouse uncomfortable.

Okay.

That's sexual harassment.

She likes it.

But that's sexual harassment.

No, no.

Not where I'm from.

Where are you from shaman?

Greenwich, Connecticut.

It's a wonderful place.

Well, I guess I would expect us somewhere different than that.

So in Greenwich, it's okay to seduce a woman by sit with song.

When you're in the tennis club and, uh, you want to get down, you just start singing.

That's how it goes.

Are you?

Let me just say Jimmy Pardo, uh, it's not Kip Pardo, right?

No, but it's not Kip Pardo.

It's not Kip Pardo.

No, no, it's Jimmy Pardo.

It's Jimmy Pardo.

That's right.

I was confused because I, for some reason I got Kip Pardo in my head.

So I rented rules of engagement last night.

That had to disappoint you when you walked in and saw me today.

Yes.

So, uh, uh, anyway, I mean rules of attraction, gosh, let me ask you a question.

Is that, uh, when you say, you know, that's, uh, from Greenwich, obviously it's okay to seduce by song to a lady, but then insult the host of the program, is that what you're doing?

No, not at all.

In fact, I, I remember you now.

Okay.

And I know you as the great podcaster from never not for you.

You're a very nice man.

Thank you.

I listened to that many times.

Well, it's on every week.

You should be listening more than it sounds like you are.

Um, let me ask you this because I don't know, I've seen the program on adam.com.

Sure.

What is a shaman?

A shaman.

Jimmy Pardo is, uh, uh, a spiritual healer, um, Amanda Nugo, um, I don't know what that means.

Basically my, my job is to, um, take, uh, what, what, do what Western medicine can't.

Um, most of my work is done at the sick tent at Coachella from kids that take too much acid though.

Okay.

These people, these kids drop some acid.

They're watching this past year, uh, the boss is there, Bruce Springsteen.

That's right.

And so then you heal them.

That's right.

I blanket the place with acid and then I wait for them in the sick tent and, um, it's a win-win.

You make a couple of bucks both ways.

I do.

I do well.

I do quite all right, but money isn't everything.

And of course, you know that.

Oh, you don't have to tell me that if money was anything, uh, I'd be somewhere else other than here.

Yeah.

Is that a sentence?

I've got a great method for healing people too.

What do you do, Shaman?

I want to hear all about it.

I don't know if you're a drug guy.

I don't, I don't take drugs.

I keep my temple clean.

Stephanie?

Stephanie, sorry.

She's doped up right now.

Drug person?

Oh, I'm so, I'm so out of it right now.

It's insane.

This is what I do.

If I come across someone at Coachella that's taken too much acid or something, basically what I'll do is I have a mixture.

I carry a fanny pack around.

Sure, certainly.

And it's called my shanny pack.

And basically what I do, it's raw cacao and goji juice.

Hatch up again.

You got, you got some raw cacao in there?

Raw cacao.

Oh, raw cacao.

Raw cacao.

Yes.

Cocoa.

It's mixed with goji juice.

And this will bring anyone down.

Now, if that doesn't work, if that doesn't work, I have a garden snake that I also keep in the fanny pack.

He's about three feet long.

Okay.

And I will throw the garden snake in the kid's face who is tripping balls.

And this usually works.

Why would that work?

If a kid's already tripping, I think throwing a reptile at him is probably counterintuitive.

When Fisher Spooner is jamming for 35 minutes, I think we're all ready to face our fears at that point.

Do you know what I mean?

I do, and yet I don't, because I thought you meant Fisher Stevens and then I got caught up in my head.

Oh, you've got to keep up with the latest songs.

There's no doubt about that.

John Denver.

He's hot right now.

No, he's not, Shaman.

John Denver passed away many a year ago.

We lost him in a plane crash.

He was one of the greats.

Put my foot in my mouth again.

Well, dirty foot, as I learned earlier.

Shaman, so you're at a Coachella.

You try to heal these folks.

You walk around.

You greet people.

Do they come to you?

How does it work?

It's the circle of life, Jimmy.

I basically send stuff out into the universe.

I do a lot of work down at the Bodhi Tree.

Okay.

I don't know what that is.

It's on Melrose.

It's a spiritual place.

Oh, the name of the place is the Bodhi Tree.

It's not an actual, it's not like the Joshua Tree.

No, no.

It's a bookstore on Melrose.

I work there and I actually have a new CD coming out.

Oh, is that right?

Yeah, it's great.

And I'd love to play it for you if we could.

Yeah, I mean, we could certainly set that up.

Here we go.

But let's get to know a little bit more about you before we listen to that.

Here it is.

It's on right now.

Oh, okay.

It's a CD of inaudible chance.

Oh.

Can you hear it?

So it's playing currently.

Can you hear it?

Yeah.

No, I can't.

Let's take a listen.

Okay.

That, right there.

I like that part right there.

Okay.

Again, I don't think there was anything playing, Shaman.

Well, that's the point.

If you heard something...

Then I would be healed?

Then it would be pointless if you had actually heard anything.

It's a CD of inaudible chance.

CD is called Time Warp, by the way.

Pick it up.

Can I just pick...

The Shaman Time Warp.

Pick up a blank CD and pop that in and pretend it's this CD?

I don't know why you're making fun of my art right now.

I'm not making fun of it.

I'm asking you a simple question.

I'm not coming at you.

I'm not attacking you or my guest.

No.

I'm grateful to have you here.

Indie 103 comedy death ray radio.

You can't.

I watched your program over on that...

No, Jimmy Pardo.

Jimmy Pardo.

On Adam.com.

What makes that web...

What makes your web...

Why should people...

If people can't go to a Coachella or go down to this Bodhi tree.

Yes.

Why should they watch your program?

What makes your show so special?

Well, I'll tell you.

That's a great question.

The Shaman is the only web series that is written 100% by a unicorn.

I'm sorry, what?

It is written completely by my unicorn, Dazzle.

Okay.

Now, first of all, I'm concerned that you've got a name for your unicorn.

Yes.

Second of all, I hope we're still talking about a real unicorn.

Thirdly, if there is such a thing, you're coming off of a CD that I didn't hear anything on.

Sure.

So when you throw a unicorn at me, I may be skeptical.

Unicorns.

Because they're not real.

Unicorns don't exist.

Unicorns...

I'm telling you they do not exist.

I have a unicorn.

You have a dog?

I do not have a dog.

I'm allergic to dogs.

Okay.

You have a pet cat?

I do not.

No, I'm allergic to all animals.

Okay.

You have a baby?

I do have a child, yes.

Okay.

Wonderful.

I have a unicorn.

You're going to try to compare a baby to a unicorn.

His name is Dazzle.

Oh, he's very loving, Dazzle is.

You love this Dazzle.

I brought a picture of him right here.

You brought a photo of Dazzle?

Here's a picture of Dazzle.

Let me take a look at that.

Here we go.

This is a horse, it appears to be just a regular horse, a Clydesdale possibly, with a birthday party hat on.

Well, Dazzle loves to party.

He's a...

Yeah.

Are you suggesting that the horn is underneath the party hat or do you think that the party hat is the horn?

That's a horse with a party hat.

That's a unicorn.

That's all I know.

No, no.

He has a drinking problem.

Shawn, Stephanie, take a look at that.

He needs to go into intervention.

Stephanie, that looks like a unicorn to you, right?

Stephanie, if you...

And a party hat, yeah.

No, no.

That's a horse and a party hat.

It's a horse and a birthday party hat.

Don't play along with this.

Don't you dare...

You need to believe.

...try to side with this guy.

You need to believe, Kip Pardue.

You have to believe.

First of all, it's Jimmy Pardo.

Second of all...

I keep saying Kip Pardo.

It's a horse with a birthday party.

A child's birthday party hat.

Well, to each his own.

But you know what?

Said the maid as she kissed the pig.

I will say this.

Yeah.

Even if this is a horse and a birthday party hat and he writes all your shows, that's pretty impressive.

Pretty great.

Horse and a hat write a show?

He's a great writer.

I don't doubt that.

What else has he written?

Just out of curiosity, what else has Dazzle written besides The Shaman?

Do you remember Medium?

The program on television?

Yeah, Medium.

With Patricia Arquette.

That's with one of the Arquette kids.

Wonderful.

Dazzle's written quite a few mediums.

Dazzle's written some of those?

Quite a few mediums.

Does he do mostly dramas?

Well...

And your program?

He does dramas and then my comedy web series.

That's right.

Which is called The Shaman?

The Shaman, yes.

Make sure you go to it, Adam.com.

Shaman.Adam.com.

Hang on.

Shaman, S-H-M-A-N dot Adam dot com.

It's wonderful.

What?

Randy and Jason Sklar are in it.

You've got the Sklar brothers involved, huh?

Aaron Gibson.

You got Gibby?

Yep.

Laura Silverman.

Sure.

I'm familiar with all these names.

Matt Pricerstein.

Okay.

Is that his name?

Matt Pricerstein, I think, is his name.

I think it might just be Matt Price.

You're right.

Matt Price.

You're right.

Matt Price.

My fault.

You know what I like about you?

I like that you're willing to admit your mistakes and you just drop back very easily.

No one's perfect.

As I look at Stephanie here, I can realize that we're all human beings and that the three of us will be making love after the show.

I'm pretty sure of it.

I need to point out I'm married, but if you two want to go ahead and do that, you're more than welcome to while I videotape with this guy.

Well, if Basil's there, it's not cheating.

That's what I always say.

Is that right?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

Horse and birthday party excuses cheating.

Unicorn makes it possible.

Well, listen, it was a pleasure meeting you.

I have a song.

I wrote a song specifically for you.

I'll keep it tight.

I'd love to hear it.

Nice and tight.

Would you mind?

Stephanie, could you give me a little drum?

Sure.

Is this going to be too much on the air?

No, let's do that.

What do I need to do?

Jimmy Pardo, Jimmy Pardo, how come he don't got his own TV show?

He's like a drink that you gotta drink slow.

A mojito, a mojito, he's pretty nifty, pretty nifty, like his from the 1960s.

Oh, Jimmy Pardo, he's a throwback, yeah.

How come he ain't no poor madman, yeah.

I got a plan, I got a plan, I got a plan.

I'm gonna kill John Helm.

Oh my God.

I'm gonna stab John Helm.

Okay, that's good.

We're good.

I'm gonna stab John Helm.

We're good, we're good.

We're good.

Flowers, jelly beans, Playboy magazines.

That's Jimmy Pardo.

Flowers, jelly beans, Playboy magazines.

That's Jimmy Pardo.

I'm gonna kill John Helm.

Jimmy Pardo's telling me to do it.

He won't say it.

Gonna stab him in the gut.

No, I do not want you to kill John Helm.

I can read minds.

I do not want you to kill John Helm.

I think he's very handsome and very talented.

I can read minds.

Okay, we're gonna play another song here.

I love you, Jimmy.

I love you too, Shaman.

I love you.

And I like John Helm, but he must die.

Okay.

He's very good on the show.

He is terrific.

I'm a fan, but I like you better.

Okay.

Shaman, we're up against a hard break.

Okay.

That's a term I learned earlier from my brother in broadcasting, E.J.

Christopher.

Here we go.

This is a great song by a guy by the name of Simon Scartanelli, which I will explain further on the other side of this song.

Here's a song called Fish Out of the Water, Indie 103.1, Comedy Festival Radio.

You got it.

Hey, that is Simon Scartanelli from the album Hobo-hemia.

Beautiful.

Wasn't that a great song, Steph?

It was.

It's gorgeous.

Let me walk you through who Simon Scartanelli is.

Back in the late 80s, he was in a band called Big Bamboo.

It was Simon and another guy by the name of Shark, who went on to do something else in the country world, I forget what he did.

At any rate, the amazing part about the internet, as these folks know because they're listening to this station, Indie 103.1, this is Comedy Death Row Radio, I'm Jimmy Pardo, filling in for Scott Archiman, I did a little, what they call a Google search stuff on this Big Bamboo, and amazingly, some clips came up, videos and such, and I got in contact with this Simon Scartanelli.

It was my favorite album, this Big Bamboo album that came out.

That's three different words, Big Bamboo, then throw it up with a boo at the end.

And it was my favorite album of 1989, and I had the pleasure of telling him that at that time, because I worked for MCA Records, and I assumed he thought I was mocking them.

I said, hey, I got to tell you that your album is my favorite album.

And he went, yeah, right, and then walked away, as I think he should have, because I probably just looked like some suck-ass, kiss-ass record exec, but I meant it.

So I had the pleasure, 20 years later, of writing my first ever fan letter to a guy named Simon Scartanelli to tell him how big of a fan I was of his music, and then I bought all of his solo stuff, and this guy, there are certain artist stuff that affect you, and this guy does it.

I don't know if it will affect you, you're much younger than me, and you're a lady.

This guy, his songs just sing to me, and I'm going to tell our upcoming guest they should listen to Simon Scartanelli, because I think they would relate to what he has to say.

That's my point.

Steph, do you have anything to add, as opposed to just staring at me, like I'm just...

I honestly wasn't listening to the lyrics, so I don't know if I related to it or not.

You just said it was a beautiful song.

I said it was a beautiful song.

I heard the ambience and the vibe, and it was gorgeous and all, but I wasn't listening to the lyrics.

Okay.

What was it about?

It was about a fish out of water.

Oh, I feel like that's nice.

Yeah, right?

I totally relate to that.

Why do you always have to go further, just be happy with where you're at?

It's ironic, and by the way, maybe I'm misunderstanding the entire song, but that's not what I take from it.

I take from, you know, why do you want to try, just be happy, but the truth is you should always try, always keep pushing forward, give things a go.

Like the salmon that swim upstream or whatever?

Yeah, it's nothing like that.

It's not about that.

It's not at all about salmon swimming upstream, or maybe it is.

I guess it's relative to whatever you want it to be about.

That's the beauty of music.

Oh, yeah.

You know what I mean?

You could listen to it.

You could hear one thing, I hear another.

I hear whams, wake me up before you go, go.

I want a nap, but I know that's exactly what he's telling me not to do.

He's telling me, wake it up, it's time to go, but I want to, I hear it, I go.

Well, he wants you to wake him up before you go.

Right, but I hear it, and I want to take a nap, which is exactly the opposite of what's happening in that song.

It is, yeah.

But yeah, you know, it's music.

That's what it's for.

That's the beauty of it.

When the artist tries to explain music to you, that's when it gets boring, and there's nothing more boring than a guy that doesn't know anything about the song trying to explain what the artist doesn't want you to think about.

I guess we should stop then.

I can do whatever I want to do.

All right.

Jimmy Pardo, Comedy Death Ray Radio.

I'm filling in for Scott Archiman.

I believe on the telephone right now we have a gentleman.

He may be down at Comic-Con.

I don't know where he's at, but let's go right ahead.

Doug Benson's on the blower.

Here we go.

Doug hates candy wrappers screaming, baby, sticky seeds with 50 as a pop or kernels in his teeth.

They're still not worn, but we won't see, but Doug loves movies.

Hey, Doug.

Hi, Doug.

Hey, everyone.

I am, in fact, at Comic-Con.

It actually sounds like you're on the moon.

It sounds like you are.

You're there with Buzz?

It's crazy.

There's a lot going on here at Comic-Con.

It's trucks, wind, and people, but I still call in because that's what I do every Friday.

A couple of years and a half so I'm just fucking by.

I have to speak for everybody.

Nobody can understand a word you're saying.

You're on a cell phone.

I kind of heard turtles in a half shell.

Did you say turtles in a half shell?

The heroes on a half shell.

I'm at Comic-Con and some heroes on a half shell just won by.

Oh, like the Ninja Turtles.

Yeah.

So you saw some Ninja Turtles.

So it turns out Stephanie was right.

What's that?

Okay.

This is the second time I've hosted this show and both times you've called it on a cell phone and it's a disaster.

It's trucks, doesn't it?

Yes.

I'm at a landline.

Is there not a pay phone anywhere around there down there in that convention center?

I bet there might be, but I don't know.

You know, pay phones are kind of like... They're kind of like the pay phone.

Nobody uses those anymore.

I'm aware.

Even drug dealers have given those.

Those are no longer in use.

Is that right, Doug?

Yeah.

I saw a dude on a pay phone the other day and I was just like, that dude is probably the success of life right now.

I don't disagree with that.

I saw a woman on a cell phone.

How bad is it you got to pull over and put a couple of coins in to make a call?

Yeah, it's sad, but let's do some movie reviews.

All right.

Quickly.

You know what?

I will not... You just go ahead and talk.

I'll try not to interrupt so that we can hear you crisply.

Go ahead.

Go.

Oh, that would be great.

All right.

Here are some reviews.

I wrote reviews for Orphan.

These are eight words or less and I asked you to write them on Twitter and I read my favorites, but here's my review of Orphan in eight words or less.

Anything that angers idiots can't be all bad because idiots are all up in arms about no one will want to adopt babies because they're a movie called Orphan.

Again, those people are idiots.

Agreed.

Yeah.

Okay.

Then the Ugly Truth.

The Ugly Truth.

Heigl and Butler together for one movie only and then there's of course G-Force is coming out and I say pass, I saw A through F-Force.

So those are my student reviews and here are some of the ones that people wrote in to me.

Somebody wrote about the Ugly Truth and then Nick Ryder, he said, it's 500 days of summer for douchebags.

Okay.

And this other dude called PSB wrote, I'd rather watch 320 set dresses.

I thought that was pretty good and then for Orphan, some guy named Playwright David wrote, please sir, can I have some less?

You know, I barely want to hear your reviews.

I don't want to hear somebody else that writes in to you via Twitter, to be honest with you, Doug.

Here's a good one, Jimmy.

Band in Japan wrote, people will walk more Orphan than not.

Okay.

More Orphan than not.

I get it.

Yeah, it's a Norm Crosby like pun.

All right, go back to the Comic-Con.

Have a great time and we'll talk to you next week here on Comedy 3 Radio.

That's Doug Benson everybody.

And his little theme song is an outro.

Turn off the intro.

The outro.

You don't want the outro?

I don't want the outro.

Okay.

I think we took up enough time with that segment.

I'm told by management here, don't have anybody calling on a cell phone.

So I make sure that everybody's calling on a landline and I have Doug Benson calling from a loud convention hall on a cell phone with people's Twitters.

Can it get worse than that?

Honest to God, can it get worse than that?

No, I don't think it can.

Can he put the bong down for one stinking second and think to himself, stay in the hotel room and call me on a landline with my own jokes?

Why would he insist on doing that?

I have no answer for you.

By the way.

But you are being very professional and I like it.

Right?

Yeah.

I'm a professional.

I'm a broadcaster.

I'm not Benson walking around with a pipe in my pocket trying to get Spider-Man's autograph at a convention center.

No, it was the Ninja Turtles.

Well, Spider-Man's nearby.

You know, it's not a Ninja Turtle convention.

No, that would be really cool though.

I don't not go to that, by the way.

If there's a Ninja Turtle convention, I'm there.

Oh, yeah.

I love it.

Who would you be?

Nazarov 2.

I'd be Nazarov 2.

Would you?

I'd be the rare unseen turtle of Nazarov 2 with the bad teeth and bad, white pasty face.

We're like halfway there already, so.

I'm kidding.

I'm sorry.

Okay, what were you going to say?

You know what?

This show was going so smooth when Escalante was behind the board.

You've clunked this up worse than Benson did.

That was the worst phone call in the history of radio phone calls.

I wish everyone could see me crying right now.

You're not crying.

They can't hear you crying through your smile.

All right.

You know what?

Let's, why don't we play another song?

This is Jimmy Pardo filling in for Scott Rockman at Comedy Death Ray Radio.

The show was going very smooth until Doug Benson called in with his weekly segment called I Love Movies.

That was actually fine, right?

We can call that fine.

I'll give that a six.

No, I'm told by the gentleman in the engineer booth that's a thumbs down.

That was a clunker.

And you know what?

I'll tell Benson to his face.

And then luckily he's so high and the next day he won't remember what I said to him.

Hey, did you call me yesterday?

Well, yeah.

I told you a great segment.

Right on, brother.

Hey, super high.

Here's Graham Ellwood.

All right.

Listen, let's do another song.

This is a song by the name of the band is Dr. Pants.

The name of the song is My Pants from the album Feasel Day.

I do not know Dr. Pants.

I just heard this song on the internet one day and get ready for about three minutes to 39 seconds of dumb.

Here we go.

Indy 103.

Here's Dr. Pants.

This is my pants for that.

My pants This and my pants for that.

My pants for this and my pants do that.

My pants.

my pants okay that's the gist right yeah Stefan I just wrote a song that's a we just did a song parody of a song called my pants that was by dr. pants song called my pants that song was fun for about a minute and a half and then I may have wanted to take off my pants and hang myself with one of the legs that's my second reference to me hanging myself during the show the other one was with the Hulk mask at Comic-Con all right that's dr. pants from the album Feasel Day this is Indie 103.1 comedy death ray radio my name is Jimmy Pardo I'm filling in for Scott Ackerman who is on assignment as we say in the broadcasting business he's really just down at Comic-Con probably trying to you know buy some sort of action figure I don't know what he collects down there maybe he's trying to get a Captain America wig what wig would be underneath the Captain America mask I would like to know that what is Captain America having rate that man I guess he just looks like a normal guy all right let's take this is a joy I should have built this up before we went to that last song by dr. pants we are in for a treat here we actually have a celebrity calling in right now and let me read what his publicist sent me this is the rapist and actor Ice T ice are you there sir Jimmy how you doing me I see hi I see what I what a joy to talk to you I mean this is a completely unexpected when I got here today they said you know we know understand it's a comedy show but we have an opportunity to talk to ice T is it okay if we do it on your show and I'm thrilled to have you listen the thrill is mine I'm a huge stand-up comedy fan I've been following your career for a long time now well I appreciate that and I of course been following yours you're currently on law and order a detective tutuola is that correct that's correct no let me ask you this and I'm sure this has been discussed at nauseam do you not find it ironic sir that you are playing a cop and yet you wrote a song called cop killer hmm you know I guess I guess I hadn't really thought about that that is that is kind of crazy you know you would think that would like that's an audition I probably would have thought like this is kind of nuts but no I haven't thought about till just now that is crazy that's interesting I would imagine that somebody would have addressed this maybe ten years ago when it was a relevant question as posted do you think that song comes off kind of bad well I do yes sir I believe it does come off that kind of bad you're suggesting that we kill cops I guess it does sound like that with the with the title cop killer right yeah well I'm sorry everybody I I guess I don't know I'm gonna play a little bit of it here for us okay let's bring that down step on time ago mr. T has moved on he's an actor now not mr. T this is mr.

mr. iced tea not mr. T the gentleman with the mohawk who confuses me with haha thank you mr. T mr. iced tea you know I have to go back it's interesting that you got your start in music and I remember first seeing you in a movie that I think is a really underrated movie from 1994 called surviving the game yes absolutely you're in there with a Rutger Hauer a Gary Busey and a Charles S. Dutton who was a went by the name of Charles Dutton for that movie what does what does that mean what is that walk me through what that means what what it means that he what are you asking me why first of all I don't want to upset you it sounds like you might be upset situation Jimmy I'm just mad at the situation I guess my question is if his name is Charles S.

Dutton why for this movie was he credited just as Charles Dutton did you guys talk about that on the set at all well we talked about that in many other things Charles S. Dutton and I have a relationship that spanned many years now and middle initials is just the tip of the iceberg of our conversational friendship listen here's what you need to know yes in the screen actors guild which you might have heard referred to a sag yes I have sir you can't have the same name as somebody else oh right it gets confusing because you're like oh Charles Dutton is in that movie he's my favorite actor then you see this Charles S. Dutton who's this guy right I mean I do so it's like if you're a fan of Charles Dutton you're not gonna be confused when you see Charles S. Dutton you're gonna know that's a totally different person so because Charles Dutton was in sag after Charles after another Charles Dutton he had to change his name to Charles S. Dutton now another interesting thing is he murdered that Charles Dutton oh is that what yeah he was a convicted murderer Charles S.

Dutton if he didn't realize he could just change his name oh yeah he thought oh I gotta I gotta take this guy out cuz he did go to prison did he not Charles S. Dutton and now that's not allegedly you know that is a fact ice tea all right sure I understand that it sounds like you're giving yourself a charge up over there ice that's okay take some airborne now you know I want to move on to well you know I use a nasal spray and again the effort mentioned airborne that seems to take care of that for me I recommend the same for you sir well you know I'm addicted to that Nettie Pot Jim I'm sorry to what? The Nettie Pot, I can't get enough of it. You love the Nettie Pot? Love it.

It cleans me right out man. It cleans those sinuses does it? Oh it's like the day I was born after I used that Nettie Pot.

I don't doubt that Mr. Sir. Now your publicist also sent this over I'd like to talk about it here for 10 seconds. Roger sent that over? Yeah Roger sent this over via I won't even say fax it over so you may want to get a new publicist. He won't let go of faxing man I've told the guy look nobody even has a fax machine anymore people have to go to the library or some shit he won't let go of it. Okay for a language Mr. D if you can language. I thought this was the internet. It's a worldwide web but I like to run a professional show where I keep the language and my temple clean. Oh you want me to keep it NSFW I understand, or SFW I suppose.

What does that stand for sir? Suitable for work. That's right okay thank you sir it says here that you're doing and you've got a new line of alcoholic lemonades iced tea lemonade. That's right I do it's just like lemonade except there's booze in it and it'll get you drunk. Why you're with your name being iced tea why wouldn't you just make iced tea? Wait say that again? Well your name is iced tea why go the extra step and make it iced tea lemonade why not just make iced teas? Oh boy you know what I only thought I felt stupid over that cop killer. That makes so much sense and I don't know why I don't know why it's like right in front of me I don't know why I feel stupid. Well I certainly didn't mean to point that out to make you feel stupid but I guess because number one it just it writes itself it invents itself the iced tea iced tea. No of course I see that now. And then what I think what you're actually doing but with the iced tea and lemonade I think that's already been done too. What are you talking about? Well iced tea and lemonade mixed together. No no no this is just lemonade. I'm iced tea and I'm marketing a hard lemonade that will get you drunk on a summer's day. Well then that's Mike. Mike makes a hard lemonade. I don't call it hard. I know there's a Mike's hard lemonade I don't call it that. It's just a shorthand for the industry. Is that right? So what do you call yours that sir? So then what do you call yours? It's called iced tea lemonade.

But won't that confuse people like what about like an Arnold Palmer because that's iced tea and lemonade. But you're saying it's not the two liquids combined. Wait hold on a second. What? Why did you bring up Arnold Palmer all of a sudden?

Well Arnold Palmer I guess after a round of golf we would have a mix of iced tea and lemonade and it became very popular. I personally don't find it all that delicious but other people seem to love this thing. I think people love ordering it more than they do drinking it to be honest with you. You're saying an Arnold Palmer is iced tea and lemonade mixed together. Yeah that's what I'm saying.

Now see what I understand is that an Arnold Palmer is gin and tonic water mixed together.

No I think that's just a gin and tonic. I think that just again writes itself. Is that really the best name they came up with for that drink? I think it is. Why are you attacking me?

No I'm just musing Jimmy. I'm not angry with you. It sounds like you might be angry with me. That's just the way I sound I guess. You do come off very angry.

And again I'm going to switch gears with you because we're up against what we call a heartbreak in the business. I understand radio sure.

You're known for your voice over. I mean you have a very distinctive voice. You've done some voice over Grand Theft Auto, Batman Beyond.

Let's talk real quick. You got a movie coming up called Tommy and the Cool Mule but you are not credited.

No I wanted to do this picture because I always wanted to work with Kevin Sorbo. I was a huge fan of Hercules and the Zena the Warrior Princess franchise.

I love fantasy. I love swords and I love monsters.

And unicorns. What's that? Oh unicorns. Stephanie wanted to throw unicorns in on that. Your thoughts on that iced tea?

Stephanie let's not. Come on Stephanie. Yeah I know. Hey I've been fighting it for 20 minutes.

So I heard that Sorbo is going to be in this movie that features a talking mule. I jumped at the chance.

I got my agent on the phone and I said listen Marjorie I want you to get me a read for this mule picture.

They offered it to me. It was very flattering. And I said you know what? I don't want to outshine this production.

Let me take an Alan Smithy on this. I don't want anyone to know that it's me doing the voice.

The fans will know. It'll be fine. But I don't want to take attention away from the artistry of this project.

Which is a movie about a boy who discovers a mule can talk. It sounds like it's one cool mule.

He's very cool. I don't know how familiar you are with mules Jimmy. I'm not as familiar as I should be I don't think.

By and large they're kind of like nerds. But just one mule. He's pretty cool.

Okay and Tommy finds them and then they befriend each other?

No they actually don't meet up in the movie.

It's two separate stories told side by side.

Okay so Tommy's telling his story and the cool mule's got his own business going on.

He's just a little boy who has to adjust to life with a new stepfather. That's kind of a family drama.

And then the mule part of it is they discover a talking mule he's put into a circus and then he dies from eating rancid oats.

Alright well listen.

I should not have told you that the mule died in the movie.

It does ruin the end of it doesn't it?

Alright well listen Ice we appreciate you taking the time with us. We have to go do a break here.

Thank you so much for joining us on Comedy Death Row Radio.

Thank you. Don't forget to watch out for me and Richard Belzer. We're going on tour together doing some comedy and some rap.

Except we're flipping it. I'm doing the comedy he's doing the rap.

Can't wait to see it. We're going to look forward to it here in Los Angeles. It's going to be at the Wiltern Theater.

Alright Jimmy I love you.

Thank you Ice T and I.U. sir. Thank you. And we'll look out for Tommy and the Cool Mule.

Alright this should be part of filling for Scott Aukman Comedy Death Row Radio Indie 103.1.

Hey here's another song by Daver. This is called Mad at the World.

Well you just wait they'll find you yet and when they do they'll put you in the ASPCA.

They're coming to take us away haha. I can only take so much of comedy songs.

Honest to God. I mean I know that's not a bad one. That's a classic.

Dr. Demento plays it every 14 seconds while he adjusts his top hat.

But that's Napoleon XIV. I apologize Stephanie. I forgot that was on the CD when I told you what track to play.

What's that?

I forgot that song existed.

Do you want to kill yourself now having heard a little bit of it?

They're coming to take you away haha. I don't know why Bela Lugosi is singing it but I don't like that song.

And you know what that song all it does is make me think of Dr. Demento who I'm sure is a very nice man.

I'm sure he's pleasant. I'm sure if I ever had the opportunity to spend some time with him I would enjoy his company.

All I could think of is how annoying his voice is as a broadcaster and why do you wear a top hat on the radio you nut bar.

Why do you wear a costume to be across the airwaves jackass.

If he's listening I think you're a terrific man and I wish you the best luck in the world.

We are joined right now by a political comedian. We are lucky to have him here. He's taken his time off the road.

This gentleman travels what we call around the country Stephanie.

He performs at comedy clubs and theaters all around. He's at a special on Comedy Central called Citizen Jimmy.

He is doing a show tonight at the UCB theater if you're in Los Angeles.

He's doing a show tonight at the UCB theater called Pop and Politics.

He's also going to be part of a show tomorrow night at the UCB theater called The Writer's Room hosted by Jimmy Pardo.

Who I hear is one terrific entertainer.

We are joined by Jimmy Dora. Welcome Jim. Are you going to lose the shades or how are we going to...

Oh yes.

You know I'd like to see...

Yeah you got to...

I'd like to connect with my guests.

I've been up all night preparing for that Pop and Politics.

Isn't that right? You've got a big show tonight. It's over there at the UCB theater.

Sure.

And you talk about, it sounds like you talk about Pop and Politics.

We talk about sometimes Politics and Pop.

Are you flip-flopping from time to time?

Well do you know how Ice-T, Mr. Ice-T...

Oh you had a chance to hear some of that?

I heard some of Mr. Ice-T.

I ended up confusing myself halfway through that.

I kept on calling you Mr. T to be polite and then realized that's another gentleman.

That's another guy.

And I'm not bright Jim.

I like Mr. Ice-T.

He was a good man huh Mr. Ice-T?

I mean I like that you called him Mr. Ice-T.

I have respect for our guests.

And he is a nice guy, sure. I don't think so. I don't think he's nice.

Didn't he go to prison too?

I think he's a jerk.

Ice-T?

Probably. Mr. Ice-T.

Mr. Ice-T?

Yeah, but that Mr. Ice-T lemonade, that sounds like...

That sounds like something that's been done.

Sounds like Ice has some bad PR behind him.

Jimmy, you're traveling around the country.

Let's get right into business.

First of all, I don't like to call myself a political comedian by the way.

Okay.

But I called you that.

Everyone does.

And people go, why?

I go, because I don't know, for some reason it just sounds unfunny to me.

I'm pretty funny I think.

I don't know if I agree with that out of the box.

But what I will know, you're terrific and we're lucky to have you here.

Gbdorr.com is the website.

I imagine he's Twitter's...

Gbdorr Comedy.

Oh. Wait, Gbdorr.com was taken?

No, somebody stole it from me.

What? Who steals a website?

The guy who was my old web host was a criminal.

Oh.

It was WebCountry.com or whatever.

Mr. WebCountry is what I would call him. That's what I call all criminals.

Anyway, so he stole and tried to sell it back to me.

You haven't had that happen to you? You got you.

Have you had that happen?

Yeah, same guy.

You're kidding.

Yeah, same guy tried to...he basically extorted money from me.

Yeah, so I just said, I don't want it. I'm not going to pay you for it.

I'll just go to JimmyDorrComedy.com.

Well, I think it's true. You're getting upwards of probably seven 17s hits a day.

JimmyDorrComedy is getting a million hits a day.

Nobody ever thinks to throw the comedy on the N-Boy.

No.

Political.

But in fairness, Jim...

I always liked to grow it up like George Carlin was one of my favorites and Bill Hicks obviously I love.

And I think Lewis Black is hilarious. One of his specials, I can't remember which one.

From start to finish, I love it.

You love it. You turn it on, you start laughing, you turn it off, you're done laughing.

I'm a big Daily Show fan. I think that show is...it's amazing how good that show is.

If you did one of those shows a week, it would be amazing. You know what I mean?

They do it every day.

They pull it off every night.

Yeah, it is something.

I like how Joe Scarborough tries to make fun of Jon Stewart's show by going, One of his 90 writers. Oh, I'm sorry. You shouldn't do a show that's well prepared.

They've got a lot of guys, enough guys to really get it done every day.

What's wrong with those people putting out a quality product?

Sure, anybody could do a great job if you really tried.

Sure, if you had the money and finances and backing behind it.

I'm not going to do that. I'm going to sit here and babble on and on.

Endlessly, not unlike what Stephanie and I did when we tried to explain the lyrics to each other.

That was horrible. That comes in second after the best phone call.

I know you want to take a nap after someone says, wake me up. I know that.

Boy, that whole thing spun bad too. I had nothing.

I had a thought and then I bailed on it.

Jimmy, let's get right to it. I know you're a political comedian.

Let's get to what's on your mind.

Let's get right into politics. Let's dig deep.

Let's avoid the pop. Let's get right into politics.

What do you think of, here in California, what do you think of Schwarzenegger?

Do you think he's doing a good job as governor?

I think he was obviously a better actor than he is governor.

They're actually cutting to balance the budget.

They're actually firing teachers.

There's no summer school anymore in California.

I guess the theory is what's going to get us out of this depression, Jimmy?

Dumber kids.

How are we going to get China to open a factory here unless we have enough dumb people to staff the thing?

If people are smart enough to know they're being exploited, that's not going to work.

How are we going to get out of this?

You know what? He does have one talent. He makes movies that people want to see.

So why doesn't he just make a movie called How to Not Cut the Education Budget?

We'll all go see it, and that takes care of the problem.

Would you see that movie? Is that really a movie you'd see?

Probably not. That's barely a joke I would listen to.

I politely listened to it, then tried to save it.

I wrote it last night, and this is the first time I'm saying it.

Why would you do a brand new joke when this is going out across the world?

First of all, you keep saying you're broadcasting, which is funny.

That's not broadcasting anymore. It's on the Internet.

But we're broadcasting across the World Wide Web.

Is that considered broadcasting?

Listen, I'm a broadcaster.

It's podcasting, isn't it?

No, podcasting is Oh, because we're streaming. Are we streaming?

Yeah, we're streaming live. This is live right now.

There's phone calls. The board is lighting up over there.

Oh, really?

Yeah, we could take calls if we wanted to. We're not going to, because you're my guest here, and you're the most important thing right now.

Thank you.

Although, I'm not going to lie to you, if there's another clunker like that Schwarzenegger joke, we're done.

The first one was good for Dumber Kids. That was fantastic.

That was a good piece of business.

That's in the act.

Oh, yeah?

Oh, yeah.

The other one.

No, no. That's justI'm going to lose it. Yeah, try it out. Try it out on the Internet.

Why would you try it in front of a group of people?

That's supposed to be on this show.

Let's go positive, then. Let's go positive.

Jimmy Dore is here, political comedian. He's got a show tonight at the U.S. TV Theater.

You're such an ass. Hey, can you really not swear on here?

I like to keep it clean, because I'm a professional, but, you know, that Mr. Rice T. threw some language around.

Is it okay?

I don't know. Is language okay?

Technically, it's fine.

Stephanie says it's okay, but I run a different show.

Technically, it's fine, but we'd like to play by pretend rules.

Listen, you know I mean, don't do it.

We're not the man. That's what she means. Don't do it.

Oh, okay.

That was her polite way of saying, be a gentleman. You're in front of a lady. You know, take your hat off, take your shades off, and talk like an adult. That's what she said.

Is that what you were saying, Stephanie?

Oh, totally, yeah.

She gets it. She's sharp.

She reads me like a book.

Damn right, I do an open book. A novelette.

What do you thinkhey, Jim?

Are they called novellas?

Yeah, what did I call it?

A novelette?

What?

A novelette was a song by the New York Dolls. That's not true, either. That was Frenchette.

Jim, hey, Jim, political comedian.

Hey, Jimmy.

What do you think of the job Barack Obama's been doing for the last six months? He's here about a half a year. How do you think he's doing?

Well, I think it's funny thatwell, this is the bigthey're trying to get the health care done this week or this month or whatever.

And people are afraid that the government is going tooh, I don't want the government to take over my health care.

Because here's the system we have now, Jimmy. You get sick. You go to your doctor. Your doctor goes, oh, you're sick and you need a treatment.

But then your insurance company, they have another doctor who never met you who says, no, you don't need that treatment. Now, why don't you go home and have fun dying?

And nobodyyou don't want the government to get in and screw that up. So that actually happened to me last year.

I had aas you know, I had a bone problem. My doctor sits me down. He goes, hey, you're not making bone properly. I was like, should I take a Viagra?

He's like, it's not that kind. Not that kind.

Oh, boy. How you doing?

I can't do this.

You can't do what? You can't do your jokes.

I can't sit here and do my joke in your face.

It's horrible, isn't it?

I can do it to a DJ, but I can't do it to you.

Let me ask you, let's get into that and then we'll say goodbye to you then. If you can't do this, I'm going to cut you loose.

Why can you do it with a stranger but not with me? I'm setting you up.

Because I think you know the punch lines and stuff already, probably.

I don't know your act.

Oh, good.

I can't listen to it.

Oh, thank God.

No, you can do all your jokes. They're going to be the first time I've ever heard them.

I'm excited. It certainly was the first time I heard that Schwarzenegger joke. That was a premiere. We got an Indy 103 exclusive of that Schwarzenegger clicker.

Yes, God bless. Maybe I should get Doug Benson's phone and call in on this.

At least then we could have blamed the connection.

Yes. Jimmy, a lot of noise out here. You probably missed an important word.

We can't hear you, Jim.

Yeah, probably. I got some great jokes. Some guy twittered me this.

Hey, what do you think the best thing is about living in California, Jim?

I like the last question. It's my favorite.

The last question is why does Jimmy Pardo think you're so funny? Do you have an answer for that?

No, I have no idea. He doesn't listen to me. But he still thinks I'm funny.

I think you're terrific. You have a podcast. The name of the podcast is comedy and everything else.

Comedy and everything else. Todd Glass, myself, Stephanie Zamorano. We all get together once a week and it's kind of a fun ride.

I've been a guest on there.

I can't wait to have you back. It's always a scheduling problem.

Looking forward to it. You know that. I love doing any sort of show you do.

You're doing a show for me tomorrow night at the UCB Theater called The Writer's Room where you're going to be performing some of the stand up comedy that you do.

Some of the standing up comedy.

Be political, Jim.

Can I tell you the thing I think is most... First of all, have you been enjoying the Dick Cheney up with Torture Fireside Chats he's been giving lately?

Where was that? Why don't you open with that?

I don't know.

That's a good piece.

And it is...

Oh, we got...

Jimmy just gave...

He just gave a wrap up sign to the three people that I could have said, hey, let's wrap this up too.

All right, go ahead. Do your Cheney piece and then we're going to go... And by the way, I have no idea what the next song is on that CD.

So let's assume it's a good one, everybody, and I'll ramp it up generically.

The thing I think I hate the most is when the people go, well, hey, you know, they kept us safe for seven and a half years, which that's not like a brag.

Which to me, yeah, you did. You kept us safe ever since that time. You didn't.

Right.

You know, that happened on your watch. That goes against your...

Why is that? People seem to forget that it happened on their watch, but since then...

The worst attack ever. They were asleep at the switch. That's like the bodyguards for Lincoln going, hey, nobody shot him twice.

We've kept his head safe from bullets for over 165 years.

Right.

There's a nice piece of business.

There sure is.

But they don't call it torture, Jimmy. They call it enhanced interrogation techniques.

Oh, is that right?

It's not rape. It's enhanced mating techniques. I'm loving you into submission.

I mean, and they're not going to prosecute because Barack Obama's looking towards the future.

He doesn't look towards the past and he's had all those crimes happen in the past.

I feel great because, you know, all my crimes, I've also committed those in the past and I'm glad we're letting those skate now.

I mean, I bet those people in prison are pissed off they committed all their crimes in the future.

Sure.

Stupid criminals.

Dumb.

They're dumb.

And we're just making more dumb people. I learned that from an earlier joke.

They say torture works, but I don't know. I lived with a woman in a studio apartment for four years and I never told her the truth once.

So I don't think torture really works. Thank you for getting that, Jimmy.

It's a good piece of business. The gentleman's name is Jimmy Dora. We're lucky to have had him here.

He does a television program called Citizen Jimmy. It airs occasionally on the Comedy Central Network. You can get it on DVD.

He also does a podcast called Comedy and Everything Else. He does a program the night over at the UCB Theater if you're in the Los Angeles area called Pop and Politics.

What are you doing?

I'm trying to do some kind of crazy like NPR sort of guy.

His name is Jimmy Dora. JimmyDoraComedy.com is where you can reach him. Jimmy, thank you so much for joining us.

Hey, Jimmy. Thanks for having me. It's been a blast. I would love it. A good time.

Good to have you back. Jimmy Dora, everybody. Stephanie, thank you so much.

I'd like to thank Scott Arkin for letting me fill in for him today. What a joy. Comedy Death Ray Radio, Indy 103.

Here's another song by somebody on the CD that I brought in. We'll see you next time right here on Indy 103.1.
