You've seen them both on SNL, that Saturday Night Live. Bobby Moynihan and Jenny Slater, both here in the building. Plus the winner of the Earwolf Challenge reality podcast, Elizabeth Lame is also joining us here in the studio. All of that and more, all on today's...

You know, on the East Coast, pop culture is actually pronounced soda culture. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. That is a catchphrase submission. Thank you so much. Who did that?

That is Joey Laboda. Joey Laboda, thanks for that submission. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. We have a fantastic show for you today. My name, of course, is Hot Sauce Man, your host, and and we have a fantastic show for you today. I'm looking at two new people to the show.

I'm looking at them with one eye apiece, and I don't think that's possible the way you guys are situated. Let me see if I can try. Yeah, I am. I'm doing it. Elizabeth was kind enough to move over. Okay, so let... Sorry. Meanwhile, Jenny just sat there. Wow. I mean, it's sort of a radio thing, so I didn't really... I didn't know we were going to commit to it. Also, I'm not helpful.

Let me explain who those disembodied voices belong to. First of all, to my left, she's wearing a striped shirt. She left her window open, so her hair is very bodacious.

Please welcome Jenny Slade to the program. Hello, Jenny. Hello. First time, welcome. Yeah. First time, long time. First time, long time. That's what they say. First time, long time. So happy to be here. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Now, to her left and my right, we have another first timer. She is the host of a show on the Earwolf Network, which we can talk about a little bit, but Elizabeth Lane is here. Welcome, Elizabeth. Thank you. So, so happy to be here. Now, you two have never met before, is that correct? No, but I like her a lot already. I like her a whole lot. Yeah, it's good on this side of the table. This side's feeling awfully lonely. You know, first of all, Jenny, if I may talk to you for a second. Sure, you may. Thank you so much. We could call my dad, but I'm pretty sure. This is a lot like sexual activity in college, where I have to ask your permission. Yo, may I talk to you? Every sentence. May I talk to you one more time? Yeah. Yo, may I say one more thing, yo? Sorry. It's just, sorry. I was a big fan of your work on Saturday Night Live.

That's where maybe a lot of people would know you from. You did one or two years on that?

Just one. Just the one? Oh. One sweet year. You made such a big impression on it to me that I thought it was a little longer, but you had such... That's nice of you to say. I genuinely thought you were one of the bright shining stars on that show that year. Thank you. I was bummed when you left it, but you did the doorbells sketch. I did. I did it. What was the name of it?

I'm not asking you to do it. Well, it was usually called new doorbells or new car horns or new alarm clocks because I'm really smart. Did the character have a name though? I can't remember. Her name was Tina Tina Shanuse. I requested a full denim outfit for the performance and it was given to me.

No, I mean, I don't own it. They didn't let me have it, but it was made for me and it was a delight to wear that. It was like a denim jacket with a denim jumpsuit and if you put it on, you couldn't go to the bathroom for a long time. Really? For like weeks afterwards? Yeah. It just really stopped me up all that denim. I guess you're not supposed to eat it when you're done wearing it.

What were some of your other characters on the show?

I really wish I could answer that question right now without like a flood of...

Of emotions coming back to you. I'm sorry, we don't have to talk about it.

No, no, not at all. Honestly, I literally just can't remember anything else that I did.

I do remember you were one of the another in the continuing succession of people who said the F word on the air. Yeah. Which started with Paul Schaeffer, I believe, and then...

Right. Yeah. So far has ended with you, but... I wouldn't wish it on anyone. It was definitely the scariest thing that's ever happened to me and I've been run over by a car.

It was horrifying and honestly, I have absolutely no memory of it. Right. And well, yeah, I just...

I try to not think about it, but definitely, I think I think about it like once a day.

No, you're kidding me. That that happened. Because I don't... I'm not very accident prone, or maybe I am. I don't know, but I don't like to make mistakes and that's a very big one.

I mean, but in this day and age, not really. I mean, who? Like no one care.

I mean, if someone is offended by that word, I think that they should just go to sleep, you know? They shouldn't watch a show. I mean, there's like so much other stuff on there that's worse than that one word. I know. It's almost like you can say anything on any channel now.

So what does it really matter? You know what I mean? Yeah. No, I just, you know...

Jump in here, Elizabeth. What do you think? Oh, I think it's all fucked.

Yeah. What? Not on this show. No, I actually... Oh, Doug Benson, he was saying that you couldn't say schmuck on SNL. What?

Like however many years ago. Seven. Yeah. I think in like...

Oh, in the seventies. Wait, there's a big difference there.

Oh yeah. There's a little bit of a difference there. Yeah.

No, I think within like 60 days, you'll be able to say fuck on SNL. I really do.

Yeah. It's interesting because from an outsider's perspective, I remember when that whole thing went down and I was like, what is the big deal? But I'm sure in your shoes it was horrifying because there was so much... Yeah. It was so exciting because it was like my first show.

I don't think it would have made such headlines if it hadn't been your first show either. You know what I mean? Certainly. And you know, it's weird. I just don't... I never expected to be the person that that happened to. Really. I'm not like a mess. It's awesome though. I'm not careless either. And what's most embarrassing is when people think I did it on purpose. Oh, there's no way that anyone would think you did it on purpose. Because that's just garbage. But honestly, it's not the only thing that happened. I mean, during that year Charles Barkley pranked us. That was pretty scary as well. So, you know, I mean... Wait, on the air or... No, in a rehearsal. What did he do?

He like pretended to... I think... Do you remember the... Well, sorry. I think he pretended to get pretended to get mad. Elizabeth wouldn't remember this. No. I was an extra on Saturday Night Live for the entire season. Elizabeth, if you're a fan of the show, you watch the rehearsals. Okay. I don't know how you got them. But he was like... He pretended to get mad about something. And I'm about to do a really bad Charles Barkley impression. Here we go. He was like... Let's put out a pot of coffee. We're ready to get some letters. What's going on here, man? I can't stand this. This is crap.

And that's not what he sounded like. He doesn't sound that way. I think we're getting a call from Charles Barkley, though. I think he wants to tell his side of the story. Hello. Excuse me. Hello.

Hello, Charles. Hi, baby. Hi, Charles. You called in because you heard Jenny was talking about this story. I immediately heard it on the radio, so I called in. It's good to see you, Jenny. I haven't seen you since I pranked you. Same to you, sir. Same to you. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm going to get pranked again. A little bit nervous, just over the air. What was your side of the prank? Do you recall what you did? I think I got very angry at everybody. Yep. And started screaming at Wally, the cue card guy. That's exactly what happened, Charles. And I used a lot of bad words. That's true, Mr. Barkley. Don't ever look at me again. I will kill you. But I was just kidding. And then I walked away and everyone was so confused. So confused. It's just he's such a giant man to do a prank. I'm 30 feet tall. 30 feet tall. For how long were you going off?

Almost 16 days. About as long as it takes to pass that denim through your sister. 37 years.

Yeah. Yeah. It was like weeks. We were onto the Ryan Philippe show and he was just still pranking. Such a good man. Charles, anything else you want to add? Hell no.

All right. Well, it's very nice of you to call in. Be careful on your way out, Jenny.

See, there it is. Click. There it is. Well, I don't mean to bring up SNL memories immediately.

No, it's not sour at all. I loved it. I have no bad feelings at all.

And since then, you were on board to death for a little while with Zach. And you were playing Jason Schwartzman's Love Interest for a little while? Yeah. I played his pothead girlfriend.

Just playing a pothead. Very big stretch for me. A lot of character work done.

And then you have a video out, I know, that is really super popular that millions, if not billions of people have watched and downloaded. What's the name of that video again? That video is called Marcel the Shell with Shoes On. And you do a voice in it. I do. In other words. Yeah. So most of the people listening have probably seen this video and maybe they're not putting two and two together, but you're the voice of who in that? Of Marcel. Of Marcel. Yeah. And his voice is like this. He's like, well, I'm on the radio. I don't know what else to say. That's amazing. What do you want me to do? Wow. I just want you to talk forever like that. A lot of people, when they do voices they sound like themselves doing a voice, but that sounds like a totally different person.

A person named Marcel. A person named Marcel. Yeah. That I speak in a lot. And also he does covers.

Covers of? Like songs. He was doing some No Doubt for a little while. Steely Dan. I would love to hear some of the No Doubt. Oh, what's that? What's like the main? Just a girl? No, the sad one.

Oh, Don't Speak. Yeah. Okay. Okay. This is a song that is about a love that was lost and it's very relatable. But the video has sort of a slightly different concept.

And the one and the two. Don't speak. I know what you're thinking. So please stop explaining.

Don't tell me cause it hurts. Whoa. Okay. That's all I want to do because I actually get sad when I sing it. Wow. Marcel has a range of about two notes. Yeah. But he thinks he's good.

He's the best in his class. I feel the emotion. Yeah. Wow. That's amazing.

Well, turning, turning over to you Elizabeth, because I want to just. Oh, come on. I can't, I can't follow that. Well, but I want to tell people sort of our, our background together. This is a, no, I had not met you until two nights ago or so. At a masked party. But you guys are wearing masks. We were at a masquerade. Go home. Really? Just go home. You guys go home. All right. Shut it down. Sorry. I interrupted you. But, but we, we've spoken a lot because you were a contestant on Earwolf, the podcasting company here. You were a contestant on the Earwolf challenge. That's right.

Your podcast was, which was a reality podcast competition to find the next podcast that was going to be part of our network. And you, you, you won. We won. Your show won. It's you and your husband side. Psychic. Psychic Andy. We are the Kelly Clarkson of podcasts. And it's the totally lame podcast because your last name is lame. L A I M E. And you guys won. And so I, I, I think I, I cast the winning vote. You did. Oh my gosh. You did. For you to win. And so I brought you down here. Thank you for me to thank you and kiss your feet. Yes. I, I am, I am radio kissing your feet right now. That radio feels good. That was me. So how, how has it been since you won? It's been a few weeks since you won and have been on. How has it been? It's been a straight shot up to podcast stardom where our, our, our previous drug addiction has gotten more intense, but more, you know, cool. Uh, we bought new windshield wipers on our Honda Accord. Really? You guys share an Accord?

We do. We share an Accord. Um, no, it's been, it's been amazing. We, we did climb the iTunes charts for our first podcast episode that was up with Matt Besser, who was a host. And, um, and have numbers been up? Has it benefited you at all? Oh yeah. Big time. Okay. Great. Yeah. So thank you. So it's working out. It's working out. And I've listened to some of the shows and they've been great and you're welcome addition here. Thank you. And, uh, so if you haven't heard that, uh, check out the Totally Lame podcast. And, and now I think what I want to do is I want to do a little something when people don't know each other. Uh, we want to play a little game, uh, and this is something we call, what am I thinking? Oh boy.

All right. It's time to play. What am I thinking?

That is amazing. Oh man. I thought I was doing it wrong.

We're just staring at you and you felt really intimidated. Like, am I playing this wrong?

Just slowly pointed at myself. All right. Well, we all know how to play this. So, uh, let's do it.

All right. Ready? Three, two, oh wait, no, you don't know how to play. Oh, okay. I really don't know. All right. What we're going to do is, uh, uh, Elizabeth and Jenny, you're going to, uh, each separately think of a word or more of a thing. It can be two words. It can be a proper noun like Bugs Bunny, or it can be toaster oven, you know, but it just has to be a thing. So it can even be a phrase maybe, but it just kind of has to be something. Okay. Okay. You just think of that in your head separately. Uh, and then when you're both locked into a word, you're going to look at each other and then both of you will repeat three, two, one, and then say the word simultaneously that we think the other person is. No, no, no. The one you're thinking of. Okay. Great.

And then ostensibly you'll each say a separate word. And then I want you to think of the word that has both of those two words in common and then say three, two, one, and say that word.

And hopefully we'll get you to the point where you say the same word at the same time. Interesting.

All right. So I need you to lock in, uh, to, uh, any kind of a thought that I believe the record for this is three on the air, three moves on the air. Uh, the record, uh, personal record is one move. Uh, my wife and I each said the same thing to each other. Yeah. Suck my dick. Okay. Yeah.

All right. Ready? Are you locked in? I'm locked in. Yes. All right. Fantastic. And three. Oh, I'm going to need you to say this simultaneously. Three, two, one. Alarm clock. Oh wow. Alarm clock and canoe. Is that what you said, Elizabeth? Yes. Alarm clock and canoe. Now they both must have some things in common. Uh, you know, there's probably no right answer this early in the game, so just kind of whatever comes to mind. And, uh, let me know when you're locked in.

I'm locked in. Elizabeth is locked in. I'm, I'm locked in. Jenny is locked in. All right.

And now for the ceremonial three, two, one. Three, two, one. Triathlon. Whoa. Metal and triathlon.

Or was it metal? It was metal. Oh, okay. All right. That's all right. I've seen a metal canoe before and it hurts to sit in there if it's been, you know, tied in the sun. Oh, sure. And an alarm clock is made of metal, so that's not a bad answer. Okay. And you said, uh, you said, uh, uh.

Triathlon. Triathlon because, uh, alarm, you get up early. Early for the triathlon. Maybe I was being too literal. No, no, no. There's no wrong answer. There's no wrong answer. Okay. Just bear in mind, if you want to tie the record, you'll have to come up with the right answer right now. Metal and triathlon. Metal and triathlon. I think they have a lot of things in common. I think I've got a good one. Okay. Three, two, one. Bicycle. Yeah. Wow. Bicycle. Yeah, that was so good. I knew it.

I could feel the vibes. That is fantastic. Tied for the record, Elizabeth and Jenny. Oh, God, I feel so good right now. I love winning stuff. I love winning stuff. I think we're getting a call, though, from Charles Barkley again. It looks like the same number. Congratulations. Thank you. You better mean it, Mr. Barkley. Oh, I mean everything I said. How can I trust you now? I'm the face of honesty. Charles, do you want to play? I would love to play. All right. Well, why don't you and I play? You know, I played games for a living most of my life. I'm not familiar with your other career. Chess. As a non-SNL host. Did you say yes pronounced as chess or just chess? No, that was the game I was professionally playing with professional chess players. I thought you were just like- I do not remember. Chess. Chess. Of course you remember. The musical. Bjorn. All right, so if you'd like to play with me, if you lock into a word, then we can- I'm locked in. All right, I'm locked in too. Ready? All right, here we go. Three, two, one, donut. Cream cheese? Donut and cream cheese. Both? Yeah. I'm locked in. Are you locked in? I'm locked in, baby. Here we go.

Three, two, one, filling. Filling and custard. You're just skirting it. You're skirting it.

Filling and custard. All right, here we go. I'm locked in. I'm locked in. All right, and- Wait.

You're not locked in. I'm locked in. Here we go. Three, two, one, creme brulee. Creme brulee and stomach. All right. I want you guys to connect more for a moment. All right, let's really stare at each other even though you're on the phone. I'm 30 feet taller than you, though. It's hard to see your eyes full up here. You're hovering above the building at this point. You're on the fifth floor and you're looking into the window. Creme brulee and stomach. I know what I'm going to say. Are you locked in? I'm not. I'm locked in. All right, here we go. Ready? And three, two, one, eat and burn. Eat and burn. It seems like we're getting further away from each other. Physically, too.

Goodbye, Ms. Berkley. I gotta go. You're getting bigger.

Eat and burn. Wow. I'm locked in. Okay, I'm locked in. I'm confident. Here we go. Three, two, one, calories. Mexican calories. Not bad, though. Mexican and calories. Yeah, okay. I'm locked in.

And three, two, one, high. Chimichanga. High in chimichanga. All right, I know what I'm going to say. I won't break the record for the longest game of this ever. No, I think that the episode that we had recently with John Heater and Harris Whittles will have broken that record forever.

That was a 20-minute game. All right, so we have chimichangas and high, and I know what I'm going to say. Do you know what you're going to say? Yeah. All right, here we go. Three, two, one, munchies.

Munchies and weed. All right. You're dancing. All right, here we go. Ready?

Munchies and weed. All right. Okay. And three, two, one, pot. Pot and food.

Pitch. Pot and food. I know what I'm going to say. We got to go quicker. Here we go. And pot and food. And three, two, one, brownies. Oh, you said munchies. That's all right. Did I do it wrong?

Well, no. The rules have fluctuated. I hate rules. That's the way you used to play basketball.

You're damn right. That's the way I play life. I love pranks, and I hate rules. What do we have?

We have munchies and brownies. Munchies and brownies. All right, I know what I'm going to say.

Munchies and brownies. All right. Here we go. All right. Three, two, one, nibble. I did not say anything. You did not say anything, which means I win. Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Barkley. Do you have any choice words for us? I'm going to kill somebody. Oh, no. That is, of course, how we play What Am I Thinking? Goodbye, Mr. Barkley. Goodbye, everybody. Thanks so much for calling in.

Be careful when you get home tonight because I may be pranking you.

You were just saying that to Jenny, right? Not me. I'm saying it to the world.

All right. Well, I'll tell you what. Why don't we take a little break, and when we come back, we'll have a very special guest coming up on the program, plus a little more Jenny Slade and Elizabeth Lane. This is Comedy Bang Bang. We'll be right back. Oh, it's a beautiful day outside. I think I'm going to start mowing the lawn. Hey, how you doing, Dave? OK, Hank, what's going on?

I'm looking for my dog, Rover. Our dog got out and I can't find him anywhere. You haven't seen him, have you? No. If I do, I'll let you know. OK, sure. Appreciate it. We'll see you later, Dave. See you later, Hank. Well, there's that Rover now. Rover, get out of here. You can't come into our lawn. Get out of here.

I'm looking over my dead dog, Rover, who I hit with a power mower. One leg is missing, the other is gone.

The third leg is scattered all over the lawn. No need explaining, the one leg remaining is spinning on the carport floor. I'm looking over my dead dog, Rover, who I overlooked before.

I'm looking over my minced dog, Rover, who I hit with a power mower. My dog's not eating, he no longer barks.

He hit the propeller and turned into sparks. No need explaining, there's no dog remaining. He's part of the grass, you see.

I'm looking over my dead dog, Rover, who I sent to eternity.

I have a very special guest here on the show. Yeah, you do. He is, I don't know that much about you, I have to say.

A good one. Your publicist set up the interview, but you're an actor, it says here, and your name is Fagan Platt.

Yeah, of course it is. I mean, it's funny that you're pretending not to know. Pretending not to know. No, we've never met before.

Clearly we've never met, you ought to remember it. And I've never seen your work. No. I guess you don't have eyes, right?

I mean, I do, I obviously have eyes, I'm looking right at you. Correct, you are correct. I'm not placing you.

That's hilarious, you guys are great with the comedies. I'm Fagan Platt, I'm Oliver Platt's son, everyone knows that.

Oh, I've seen Oliver Platt's work. Yeah, he's a great, great man, my dad. Rotund actor from...

I mean, you could call it that, I like to call it girth. He's probably rude or come to think of it.

Never really thought of it like that. You might want to... I'm going to say Rotund from now on. Thank you.

We can all learn a little something from this. But Oliver Platt, of course, a famous actor from the West Wing and a lot of movies where he frowns.

X-Men First Class. Yes, he had a great part in that. He's great in Beethoven.

Yes, thank you. Yeah, I mean, this is not an interview about my dad, but it's an interview about me.

Do you mean Amadeus? No. I wish I did, but I'm stupider, so I like Beethoven and I love your dad in it.

Thanks, yeah, yeah. But you're an actor as well? I mean, come on, of course, yeah.

I mean, just because you're dad... Of course, it's a legacy. Oh, but lots of people who are actors have children who aren't actors.

Prove it. You know what I'm saying? Prove it. Sure. I mean, how else can we prove it other than showing you every...

Art facts, files, audio files, microfiche. Wait, audio files of people not acting? Yeah.

I mean... And the microfiche thing, you think that we should also do that?

Overhead projectors, you could get view masters, view finders, you could get goggles with water inside of them.

Well, you know... I'm just saying. That happened to me in Hawaii when I was scuba diving.

I apologize. I made a major motion picture about it. It was called goggles with waters in them.

See, that to me... I haven't heard of that. You haven't heard of it? No. It's amazing. It was the first Blu-ray ever produced.

Because of the ocean? Correct. That's why they call them Blu-rays. Yeah, that was correct. My trainer's name was Raymond.

What I found interesting was that they pluralized water in that title. Yeah. To make it an incorrect title.

Goggles full of waters. Yeah, before you said goggles with waters in them. Oh, did I? Yeah.

Well... Prove it. What's like... Show me the microfiche.

What's the role that you're like best known for that we would... I feel like you guys are pranking me.

I feel like you guys are Charles Barkley-ing me. Wait, is that a common phrase? Yeah, it's in the thesaurus. Right.

It's in a thesaurus. And what is it... He's looking up. It's right there. What is it the synonym for?

It says goggles made of waters. It's a weird thesaurus. Yeah, it's broken. But it's a good one.

Probably my most famous role, I mean, I feel like I don't have to say it, is Tall Napoleon. Tall Napoleon. Yeah.

Is that about dessert? No, it's about the man. It's a different take on Napoleon. Did you play Napoleon?

I played Tall Napoleon, correct. I also wrote the theme song.

What? I sort of remember the theme song. It went...

He's tall, Tall Napoleon. He's not small, any more, Liam. Yeah, no, I love that one. That was on the radio.

I won an award for that. What? What won? What? It was a paper award made of... It was my wife printed it out for me.

Oh, you're married. Yes, correct. Wait, did you have to be on like risers? I know sometimes in movies they put the...

Because you're not... They had a lot of those on Mad About You. I already noticed. Come on.

I was going to say, I stood on top of Polaroid. The Platts are very, I mean, we're a Hollywood legacy.

You're a very rotund and jovial family. My father... You love to make jokes.

My father, Oliver, and his father, Nicholas Platt, was an ex-ambassador to Pakistan, Zambia, and the Philippines. That is a true fact.

Did you know that growing up? It seems like you're just reading that off of your phone.

I am looking at my phone right now, but that has nothing to do with the facts.

It has nothing to do with the fact that my father also attended Tufts University, and that he has three children named Lily, George, and Claire, and Fagan.

This sounds like a woefully incomplete IMDB. I disagree. I disagree.

My father has an older brother, Adam Platt, who is a New York Magazine restaurant critic, and he has a younger brother named Nicholas Platt Jr., who is my aunt.

Oh, see, that's where there's maybe a bit of a snag for me.

You guys are pranking me, because everyone knows the Platt legacy.

No, but I'm curious. Your siblings, what were their names again?

If you give me a moment, I will tell you.

Are you okay?

No, I'm sorry. I thought...

You got emotional with that?

We had a brother that exploded, so...

Really?

I'm sorry. This is not funny.

I always wondered if your father would explode eventually, but...

Hey, fuck you. How does that sound?

Wait, are you talking to one of them?

I'm talking to everyone with the fact jokes about my dad.

I love Beethoven.

Thank you.

I love when he says, this is my very first felony.

I thought he was in the room. That was...

So did you guys get to keep any of those dogs that the whole family gets at the end, because they get so many different dogs?

We did. We did. We got to keep them. We got to keep them instantly stolen.

Really?

Someone stole them almost instantly.

It would be funny if you got pranked, like Stanley Tucci stole the dogs.

I think that might have been exactly what happened.

Really?

You think Tucci got in there?

We looked at the video, the security video.

You guys should always read your microfiche.

Yeah, the microfiche security video.

And it's grainy, but it's clearly the Tucci.

You can tell from his bald face.

It's almost... Tucci almost has a digital aura. You can tell.

Man, Tucci. What do you think?

My dad's brothers and sisters...

My brothers and sisters' names were Lily, who was born in 1995, George was born in 1997, and Claire was born in 1999, to answer your question.

I remembered.

So they're all much younger.

Yeah, you're much younger.

Yes, I am 53.

Are they all actors? Because based on your...

No.

Oh, so there are people who...

They don't have what Fagan has. That's what dad and everyone says.

At Christmas time, we'll all be saying, like, we are an acting legacy.

You know, to be honest, I've heard of the Barrymore acting legacy.

Correct.

I've heard of the Baldwin brothers.

Not familiar.

Oh, OK. And they're in the totem pole, Daniel's at the bottom, and then you got Stephen...

Frankie.

Frankie, yeah. And Alex up at the top.

But I've never quite heard of the Platt legacy before.

This is great. I feel like this is like a prank-themed episode because...

In fact, I've never even heard of any of your movies.

Oh, you've never heard of Look Out for the Crackers?

Dolphin Tales.

Dolphin Tales?

Yeah.

But not A Dolphin Tale.

I played the guy who cut that dolphin's tail off.

So...

I thought it was going to be a lot... it was like the Twilight Zone movie, where it was like three different stories about dolphins in the movie, but it was...

No, no, it's about a guy who goes around the world collecting dolphin tails and, you know, just telling stories and maybe killing other people.

So it's got kind of a double mind, other people?

Yeah.

He kills other people, not just dolphins?

It's a horror film.

Oh.

A horror film.

Geez.

So... right.

Wow.

I mean, I really do feel like I'm being pranked.

Tall Napoleon, I mean, you can see it on any television station at any time of the day, I feel like.

Is playing everywhere all the time?

If you were to walk into a television store right now, I guarantee you at least 50 of the televisions would be playing.

No matter how many televisions they sell, at least 50.

Correct.

Wow.

What was the most, you know, stretch like actors talk about having to stretch?

Well, I've never actually cut a dolphin's tail off in my life, so that was a stretch for me, and I enjoy fish.

So you're saying you did actually... you did do it?

You cut the dolphin's tail off?

For the film, I did.

We had a very small budget, so I just...

Yeah.

I mean, the dolphin budget was enormous, but the...

Correct.

Special effects budget, minuscule.

Well, it was $17.

Yeah.

Wow.

But you had 83 dolphins to work with, I read.

Correct.

I'm reading IMDb right now.

Are you?

Just about this film.

Yeah, it's really fascinating.

It is?

And it was entirely shot under the water, but made to look like it was on land in post.

Correct.

Yeah, that's crazy.

That's what they call water for land.

Yeah.

Right.

Water for land shooting.

Or water with goggles upon them.

Well, okay.

Have you ever done a movie not in the water?

Correct.

Yes, of course.

Correct?

Correct.

I've done Mountains High with Joe Pesci Sr. and Cuba Gooding Sr. and Lou Gossett Sr.

Do you know all of their kids?

No, I don't.

I've never met...

I've never met the three of them.

We shot it all on green screen, the top of an actual mountain.

Where you carried a green screen all the way up to the top of a mountain.

Correct.

And where was the actual movie supposed to be shot?

What did you digitally...

Cleveland.

Okay.

Wow.

Are there lots of mountains in Cleveland?

I mean, once again, is this a prank-themed joke?

No, I don't know.

I mean...

Jenny Slate was in that film.

Really?

She doesn't like to talk about it much because...

So you guys know each other?

A little bit.

I had just a bit of a problem on the top of the mountain.

A problem?

What kind of problem?

We know each other.

We know each other in the biblical sense.

We know each other.

It's fine.

Well, you know what?

You guys go to church together?

I'm not quite getting your meaning here.

Correct.

What do you mean?

For 16 years we went to church together.

We went to church for a long time.

You're pretending not to know him, kind of.

Yeah.

This is a little weird.

Something happened on the top of that mountain.

I just...

You know what?

Just let's...

Let's explain it in full detail.

You know, one thing I love about Beethoven is how Stanley Tucci has a much more flamboyant...

Oh, remember when Stanley Tucci changed the subject?

Yeah.

Wait, I'm confused.

You had something happen on the top of the green screen mountain to you?

That's right.

No, the mountain is real.

The mountain is real.

The green screen was fake.

They brought the green...

Oh.

Wait a minute.

The green screen was fake?

It was a t-shirt.

Right.

And yet, you still were able to superimpose Cleveland on it.

Correct.

Wow.

That's...

Movie magic.

Yeah.

Right.

So what happened at the top of that mountain with the fake green screen?

Well...

Look, sometimes when you're putting your pants on, you put them all the way up, right?

Correct.

And sometimes...

Sometimes you only put them three quarters of the way on.

Exactly.

For me, I think it's when you're more on top of a mountain, you're more probably closer to the moon, is what they say, so the gravity much worse.

Correct.

We tried to kiss the moon that night.

We tried to put our pants all the way up.

Let's just say we tried to put our pants all the way up and kiss the moon.

But...

What ended up happening?

What ended up happening was...

The pants were off, and we ended up that we kissed each other.

And then the problem was that later on, we had fallen in love, and when we went to get our birth certificates, it turned out that my birth name is actually Tampa...

Tampa...

Tampa Platt?

Tampa Platt.

And so what we did on that mountain with that fake t-shirt green screen is that we did incest.

So wait a minute, you guys are actually related, so you're part of the Platt family legacy?

Well, she used to be.

But you're not in the Wikipedia page.

I'm not, because I changed my name to Jerry Slate.

I wouldn't know, I've never seen it.

Jerry Slate?

Jerry Slate, yes.

I changed it.

We gotta update that Wikipedia page, Elizabeth.

I've been calling her Jenny.

Yeah.

No, it's pronounced Jerry, but I...

Her real name is Tampa.

Yeah.

But real name Tampa.

Fake name Jenny, pronounced Jerry.

That's right.

I get it.

All the Platt's are named after characters from Oliver.

My dad is Oliver, I'm Fagin, and she is Tampa.

I love that movie, but I'm not really recalling the orphan named Tampa.

Tampa's the orphan, she's very nauseous, and she can't go out to steal anyone's penny pocket.

Penny pockets or whatever.

Kind of sitting there sick behind closed doors most of the movies.

Yeah, pretty nauseous.

Yeah, yeah.

Does she ever sing a song, or?

She tries to, but she just gags.

So she'll be like, like that.

Oh, I remember that scene.

She'll be like, one morning...

Once again, I think the pranking can get to happen.

So wait, is this why, Fagin, is this why you got on the shows, because you knew Jenny would be here?

I'm not gonna lie, it is.

I tried to work it out this way.

We haven't seen each other, but I'm glad that it all worked out.

Do you guys feel?

I mean, siblings aside...

Of course I feel.

I mean, we're born with a nervous system.

Yeah.

No, I mean, do you guys feel, is there any weird...

Yeah, is there...

No, it's just, it's great to see her.

I just wanted...

It's great.

Actually, the whole reason was I had, I borrowed a book, I just wanted to return it.

What's the book?

It was Olivia Munn's book.

Oh, I'm gonna need that back.

Yeah, I'll give it back.

I need it.

She has a book?

Correct.

Correct, yes?

Yeah, I mean, she has her first book out.

Oh, just now?

Yeah.

First of many.

Let's hope.

Do you know her?

I do.

She's actually very wonderful.

Okay.

I don't understand.

I'm just returning a book.

This is all...

I'm waiting for the prank to happen.

This is a little awkward, because you haven't given her the book, you've been holding it close to your chest and waiting for her to come over to you.

I glued it to my chest so I wouldn't lose it almost four months ago.

Yeah.

Let's just give it to her instead of just asking her to...

Maybe we'll get to the top of the mountain and we'll give it to her.

You guys going back to the top of the mountain?

I'm not going back up on there.

Well, then neither am I.

Well, I'm gonna need that book.

Well, we'll see.

Maybe we can just get you a gift card and you can get yourself a new one.

God, this...

This is strange.

I've never had people on the show before who have had sex with each other.

We did.

We had our pants down and we kissed.

We didn't have sex.

We did not have sex.

We both took our pants down to our ankles, kissed each other tenderly, and then returned to the bottom of the mountain.

It really actually wasn't our fault.

It was the gravity from the top of the mountain, but the moon had just been so darn close.

We tried to kiss the moon.

The pants couldn't go up and we couldn't kiss any higher, so we only reached each other's...

This doesn't sound like incest to me.

It just sounds...

Yeah, it sounds weird.

She's the only one that brought up incest.

I was actually quite surprised by that word because I would just say...

I would have said more weird than incest, more just like a missed opportunity or a...

Really?

You think that if you would close the deal...

Well, now I'm glad because now I realize that...

She's part of the Platt legacy.

She's Tampa Platt.

Right, Tampa.

Yeah.

What did your dad say when you went to him and said, hey, I think I've met my long lost sister?

This was his exact reaction.

Who, brother?

In a Southern accent, it was very...

Sounds just like him.

Very strange.

Yeah, yeah.

Wow.

Do you...

Tampa, do you want to see...

You don't have to call me that.

Jerry?

Yeah.

Okay.

Do you want to go see your dad and maybe reconnect with your biological father?

At this point, I already have my whole other family that I've had and I certainly don't want to disrupt what Fagan and Oliver have, so I think I'll stay away.

Maybe you guys could all do a movie together.

Have you ever acted with your father, first of all?

Yes, we were in a movie, X-Men Coach.

Coach?

X-Men Coach.

You're correct.

It was a sequel to X-Men First Class.

Oh, okay.

Coach.

I thought it was about the guy who would coach the X-Men into being better X-Men.

No, that's Professor X and the movie would be called Professor X.

I thought they called him Coach a couple of times though in the first three.

I think you're thinking of Dauber from Coach.

Oh, yes, of course I am.

I think you're thinking of a different television show.

You guys did that movie together, sort of a Charlie Sheen, Martin Sheen situation together, but maybe the three of you could do an Emilio Estevez type of thing where all three of you were in something.

I think that would be great, like a Men at Work with a Martin Sheen kind of character.

There's all sorts of permutations between the three of them.

I'm not going to lie, we could definitely reboot the Beethoven franchise and Three Thieves.

You love Beethoven.

You really do.

Love it.

So was your father when you were watching Beethoven, or did he?

Now I wonder.

Maybe that's why I love it so much.

Interesting.

That makes sense.

But...

If you look at the end credits, you'll notice that at the end credits it does not say, thank you Tampa.

No, it doesn't.

But it says Beethoven is played by a dog named Chris.

Right.

That is true.

I remember there was a weird credit that just said, Jerry Slate, if you're watching this, please contact me.

I've been searching for you.

What?

And there was his home phone number.

We had to change the number.

I called so many times.

You mean on the Blu-rays?

Yeah.

That was the second Blu-ray ever made.

Second Blu-ray ever made.

Yeah.

Right.

Because of the color of the dog's eyes.

God.

I missed it.

You guys could maybe reboot this franchise, you know, but without dogs.

Maybe you guys are the dogs.

Maybe just a bunch of unruly actual Beethovens.

Yeah.

That's a really good idea.

Like people named Beethoven or descendants of Beethoven.

We cloned Beethoven and he keeps snobbering on that couch.

It's like Multiplicity starring less Michael Keatons and more Beethovens.

Correct.

Right.

Or we should just make a sequel.

We should just watch Multiplicity together.

First of all.

That's not a bad idea.

That's a good starting line.

He puts a slice of pizza in a wallet in that movie.

That right there.

That's a funny joke.

That is the epitome of, if you look up comedy in a thesaurus, you'll see a picture of Michael Keaton putting a slice of pizza in a wallet.

I actually do think your thesaurus is broken.

I really do.

Maybe.

Well guys, I think we've all got great plans for after the show.

We're going to go watch Multiplicity together and then maybe hatch some projects out of this.

This sounds really exciting.

I like it.

Correct.

Cool.

All right.

Well, why don't we take a break and when we come back.

Fagan, maybe you're going to be here.

Maybe you're not.

I'm not sure.

We'll see.

We'll see how it goes.

But we'll have more Jenny, more Elizabeth.

We'll be right back.

They're about to begin.

The group called OOP.

Come on in.

Look.

That sepia.

Smooth as a smoothie.

Smooth on the edge of it all, wiser than otherwise is like the else of something else.

They're about to begin the beginning of begin.

That's yellow ochre playing around, swaying sound with the loose tendrils of his ticky tuck time.

And that, that's burnt umber.

Just got out.

You remember umber.

Who could forget umber?

The way he was burnt.

Oh, there's good old Rossiana playing changes.

Look at him.

Good goofiness ink, but as thoughtful as think.

Hey, sepia is about to play, smooth as a smoothie is smooth on the edge of it all, wiser than otherwise is like the else of something else, a most colorful group called OOP.

All right.

So we're back to the show and we're sitting here of course with Jenny, or Jerry Slate, sorry.

Thank you.

That's all right.

Elizabeth Lame and.

It's Lemay.

There it is.

And Fagan Platt is.

Correct.

Decided to stick around with us.

I was going to leave, but I decided to stay.

I'm glad you did.

Thanks.

Me too.

I love the energy you bring to the show.

Me too, man.

I did a movie once called Bringing the Energy.

Really?

Yes.

Was that underwater or?

It was right on the, right on water level.

Who did you play?

Who did I play?

Yeah.

Captain Weird.

Oh.

Yeah.

No.

Superhero film or?

Superhero film.

Uh huh.

He saves anything that is floating.

And it's called, you said, what is it called?

Bringing, bringing.

Bringing the energy.

What did you call it?

Bringing the energy.

I have to look that one up.

Bringing the energy.

I've done many films.

I mean, hundreds of films.

Hundreds.

And how long have you been acting?

I'm 53 since I was, well, technically before I was born.

My mother was in a film.

She was an extra in, I believe it was Mystic Pizza.

And I believe that's the title.

I remember that.

You're 53.

You're 53, right?

54 years ago, yeah.

Mystic Pizza.

The original.

The original Mystic Pizza.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The one with Julia Roberts.

Correct.

That's the one where it's like, why did they remake that?

Exactly.

I don't know.

It's like a.

Starring goats.

Once again, prank theme.

Right.

But she was pregnant and I was acting.

You can see it.

Yeah, it was good.

Huh.

They almost gave you a special octer for that, didn't they?

Correct.

They gave me two octers, which is, it's actually just, it's the same thing as a doctorate but without the D.

Yeah, yeah.

A lot of people shorten doctor to DR period.

I do.

I say octer.

Me too.

Oh, okay.

You guys have a lot in common.

The evil villain in the movie bringing the energy was Octoductopus.

Do you want to be best friends?

I want to be your, I want to be your, your everything.

For real?

Wow.

I feel like he was about to say lover.

Yeah, I do too.

And I sort of saw the L starting to form.

I've been wrong.

I do have a wife.

Always remember that.

Best friends.

Always remember that.

Who constantly hang out.

All right.

Well, speaking of bringing the energy, it's time to play a little game called Who Said It.

Set it.

All right, it's time to play Who Said It.

We all know how this is played.

I'll give you a famous quote and you tell me who said it and then we'll tally up the points.

Probably me.

I've been in so many movies.

It's probably me.

We're going to start with Elizabeth.

Okay.

You ready?

Yes.

Here we go.

They start easy and get a little harder.

All right.

So famous quote.

You must, you, sorry.

This is the better way to say it.

You must be the change you wish to see in the world.

Who said it?

Oprah.

Very close.

Gandhi.

Very close.

I'm going to say the secret.

Victoria?

One and the same.

Yeah.

Oprah.

All right.

Turning now to Jenny.

Zero points all around so far.

You can take that.

I have no points yet.

That's right.

We know.

Pranking.

Originally, we started everyone at one point.

Correct.

And then we realized it's just better to start everyone at zero.

All right.

Just making sure.

Right.

All right.

Jenny, are you ready?

I'm ready.

You can fool some of the people some of the time and all of the people some of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all of the time.

Billy Crystal.

But seriously, do you have a real answer?

I don't know who said that.

You don't know who said that?

I don't.

I don't know.

Abraham Lincoln.

Oh, no.

That's so embarrassing to not know that, but I didn't know.

Famous quotes.

Very close to Billy Crystal.

Very close.

All right.

Turning now to Fagan.

I didn't know it either.

Turning now to Fagan Platt.

Tampa loves winning.

You have to understand that.

I'm sorry.

Jerry.

Competitive.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, man.

All right.

Here we go.

Ready?

You might have to keep an eye on her.

She might slit herself.

Slit.

Slit herself.

Where would she do that?

Why?

Because she hates to lose.

She might slit herself.

Slit herself.

From gullet to foot.

To sternum.

Just a triangular slit.

Mm-hmm.

Gullet.

Speaking of triangular slits, Fagan, who said this?

The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing.

If you can fake that, you've got it made.

You did a very animated...

I'm going to have to say it was the Vlasic Pickle stork.

From the way that you did your little cigar.

How many people remember that character?

Who said it?

Serious.

I'm not positive, but I think it might have been Kathy Bates.

Come on now.

Take this game seriously.

I do not know.

From the way I did the voice, you don't know?

W.C. Fields.

W.C. Fields?

Groucho Marx.

Groucho Marx said...

Right.

Come on.

It was the cigar.

The tiny mustache threw me off.

I grew a tiny mustache just for this game.

I know.

You're a witch.

All right.

Turning to Elizabeth.

Will you act it out, sort of?

I will act it out.

Here we go.

Yeah.

Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.

The world owes you nothing.

It was here foiced.

Groucho Marx.

Mark Twain.

You did the exact same...

You're confusing me.

My voices are... they sound a little similar.

I'm so sorry.

Okay.

Good to know.

But I was doing impression of Mark Twain.

All right.

Mark Twain.

All right.

Turning to you, Jerry.

Okay.

I get no respect, I tell you.

No respect at all.

Rodney Dangerfield.

Aretha Franklin.

Damn it.

Sorry.

So close.

Her backing band quit.

And then she said that.

We all remember that.

Everyone remembers that.

I made a movie about that.

Did you?

Correct.

It was called Aretha Franklin.

Oh, no.

And people knew it was her.

Oh, no.

And people knew it was about that one hour period of her life.

That one incident was an hour-long film.

Oh, she had that bladder infection.

Correct.

It was sad.

And it was set in slow motion, right?

The whole entire film?

Yep.

Underwater.

Set in slow motion.

Underwater.

We shot it in slow motion, put it in real time, and then it was set in the period.

Of when all the humans were just much slower.

It was very hard for her to get her period because of the Aretha infection.

Correct.

Well, thanks for giving away the ending.

All right.

Here we go.

Who said it?

One man in his time plays many parts.

William Shakespeare.

Vinny Chase.

Sorry.

Elizabeth.

He's my favorite.

Who said it?

Sex without love is as hollow and ridiculous as love without sex.

Elizabeth Taylor.

Vinny Chase.

Sorry.

God damn it.

And Jerry, here we go.

Elvis has left the building.

Rodney Dangerfield in Lady Bugs.

I'm getting a very particular sense of what kind of movies you watch a lot.

Family, 80s.

Lady Bugs, really good.

Dresses up as a stepson, as a girl to win the soccer game.

I wrote on that movie.

I wrote the line.

Sagan, that's a fucking lie.

You wrote the line, hey?

Oh, you Lady Bugs.

God damn it.

All I know is, I got a lot of balls.

That was a Fagan Platt original.

Oh, man.

I love that movie.

It's always like, don't come in the bathroom, you know?

Oh, yeah.

I don't know.

That's the joke over and over.

Well, you know, because he is a, you know.

Oh, God.

Sorry, you did not get that right.

Elvis has left the building.

That is Santa Claus.

All right.

Oh, sorry.

That meant to read, elves have left the building.

Sorry.

All right, Fagan, you can take the lead and win the game.

Or I can steal?

You can win the game with this, if you get it right.

Who said it?

Hee hee.

Dah.

Dr. Conrad Murray.

Shamone.

Where are them elephant bones?

Where are Corey Feldman?

Dah.

Shamone.

Oh!

Delayed Michael Jackson.

Sorry.

President Barack Obama.

Son of a bitch.

So sorry.

He said that at Roscoe's Chicken the other day.

Yeah, he did.

And that is, of course, how you play Who Said It.

Yeah.

This song makes me want to climb a mountain if you know what I'm spraying.

Guys, put your pants all the way up, if you could.

Yeah, please.

You've taken them a quarter of the way down.

That's why I hate hiking.

That's why a lot of people die on Everest.

Pants?

Because their pants aren't up.

Said it.

Ask for Eastburn.

Yeah, a lot of people die on Everest because they can't get their pants up, and that's how the frostbite starts.

Really?

From the butt.

It's the gravity problem.

Yeah, exactly.

I started a film about that.

Really?

What was that film called?

Called From the Butt.

From the Butt.

Yeah.

The diarrhea story.

Yeah.

I thought that was about something different, but it was actually about frostbite.

Well, we made two films simultaneously, and there was one that was about that, and then there was another one just about the actual, you know, the medical way of excreting.

You're not finishing your sentences.

I am finishing.

It's just when I, it's like, meh.

Well.

I need you to actually, like, full stop finish one of the sentences.

From the Butt, first film.

And then...

I thought it was Cold.

Cold from...

No.

This one.

This one's the prankster of the group, I'll tell you.

This show may be setting the record for the number of times the word prank has been said in life.

Correct.

Yeah.

Alright, let's take a break.

What do you say, guys?

When we come back, we'll have more Fagan, more Jerry, more Elizabeth!

Yeah.

On Jesus' ranch, Jesus' ranch Jesus, I fell in love with a baked potato When I started to dance, yeah, in France I'm taking a walk in the woods, fuck yeah It's nice, very, very nice, smells of shit Look-a-quink, look-a-quick, look-a-quail go I come upon a silky-striped mushroom and I Ha-la-la-la-lai-lai-lai And I fly, fly Ha-la-la-la-lai-lai-lai And I fly, I'm gone Go!

Ah, there we go.

Welcome back, this is Comedy Bang Bang and we're here with Jerry and Elizabeth and Fagin and it's time to play a little game that we like to call Would You Rather?

Wonderful.

Doing all the hits.

I like it.

All the hits.

Not doing Hollywood Facts, unfortunately.

No taking a plane break.

I'm a fan of the show though.

I know, I know.

We don't get a lot of plane breaks in our new studio, unfortunately.

I can fix that for you.

In what way would you like to fix that for you?

Charles Barkley, just carry a plane around.

Are you two friends, Charles Barkley?

Very, very close friends, very close friends.

I wonder why he was waving to you from the window when he was outside.

Because we're friends.

Oh, I get it now.

He's a lot taller than you.

Almost 28 feet taller than me.

I'm only a two-foot tall man.

That's what I was going to say, you're pretty short.

53 years old and two feet tall.

Did you talk to him about Tall Napoleon?

Yeah, he wrote it.

Based on his own life experiences?

Based on his own life story and Napoleon.

The first mash-up movie?

The first mash-up movie.

The first mash-up film ever on Blu-ray.

And it was a mash-up between DVDs and Blu-ray, I remember too.

Every minute you had to change into a different player.

Didn't take off.

No, did not.

Waste of money and time.

Alright guys, well it's time to play Would You Rather?

We all know how this is played.

I'll read you Would You Rather scenarios that people write into our Twitter account, which is at CBBWIR, comedybangbangwouldyourather.

You can send us those.

And I'll read a scenario and then I'll open the floor for questions.

You ask me any question about either of the scenarios to try to narrow down your choice.

Then I'll ask you to vote and we'll tally up the points.

And that's pretty much how you do it.

Alright, so our first submission comes from Alan Johnson.

Alan Johnson, that's Alan underscore Johnson, asks, Would you rather spend two hours a day listening to OJ tell non-football stories or end every conversation by quantum leaping out?

Would you rather spend two hours a day listening to OJ tell non-football stories or end every conversation by quantum leaping out?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

You can ask me any question.

Elizabeth, getting in early.

Meaning you end the conversation by watching quantum leap?

Unfortunately, no.

You time travel.

You actually do the quantum leap.

I would definitely do that.

I'm sorry I'm going to have to dock you points for voting.

Sorry.

Someone's not a fan of the show.

Sorry.

I just got so excited about the time travel.

I've always wanted to meet my mom when she was younger.

I mean, she's a person.

She's not dead.

She's alive.

She's still a person.

She hasn't turned into anything else since then.

I know one thing.

Her last name is Platin.

If you give me a couple of minutes, I'll tell you her first name.

It's my own mother.

That's the internet connection here.

I'm afraid, Jerry, I'm going to have to dock you several points for that.

Jesus.

You're going to dock you 14,376,412 points for that.

I'll make it up.

All right.

Anyone else have a question to help narrow it down?

There's all sorts of details to this.

What's the Baccala factor?

Well, I mean, how many...

Baccala, dead and loving it?

Yeah.

Good film.

He travels with you, and you're constantly jockeying for who's going to solve whatever problem you quantum leap into first, because he's known as the best quantum leaper, and he wants to keep his title, so he's constantly trying to beat you to the punch.

Well, that really changes it, because you're not only quantum leaping.

You're sent to task and in a competition setting.

Yeah, and you've got to spend a lot of time with Baccala.

What if you don't like him?

What if you don't like Baccala?

Who doesn't?

What if you don't like Baccala?

Come on.

Who wouldn't like Baccala?

Didn't you see Men of a Certain Age?

I just wish I had let...

That was some unnecessary roughness.

Got it.

It's a joke.

Correct.

So, O.J. would be telling tales from his life not having to do with his athletic career.

Correct.

He just tells the story of how he murdered Nicole and Ron Goldsmith over and over in graphic, graphic detail.

But what about other stories?

Oh, he has no other stories that he remembers.

He has reverse amnesia where that's the only thing he remembers.

He doesn't even remember the sports memorabilia bullying or whatever he did.

The Vegas thievery.

Him and a bunch of people broke into a hotel room with a gun to steal back his sports dress.

He is a chill dude, I'll tell you that.

You're damn right.

He is a chill dude.

I think I know who's going to marry me and my fiance.

We know that all he talks about is how sharp the knife was, the sounds, the very specific sounds it made as it traveled inside her body.

Where does he tell you these stories?

At Vodaspah.

Oh, at a spa?

So you're with him?

Yeah, you meet him.

Yeah, you're taking a schvitz.

You're in a relax.

You're taking a schvitz.

Yeah.

You're not getting a massage.

You're definitely schvitzing.

You're doing both at the same time.

He's massaging you.

Oh, whoa.

And you're massaging a third party.

He's got some big meaty hands, too.

It feels pretty good.

Some might say they're murderer's hands.

A murderer's row of fingers.

Yeah, you know they're strong.

Yeah.

That's tough, because having come from the ear wolf competition, I can imagine a quantum leap competitive situation is probably really intense.

Yeah, and with some of the notes you got on the message board about you, you sort of know that kind of energy directed at you that O.J. had.

Right, that I'm whining, and yeah, yeah, yeah.

But yeah, the O.J., but also the O.J. thing is tough, because I was almost murdered, so.

You were almost murdered.

Yeah.

I did not know that about you.

Whoa.

Tell us a little bit about that, because I don't want that ball to drop.

Sidebar.

Is everyone willing to sidebar?

Sidebar.

Yeah, for sure.

Okay.

Here we go.

This is true, actually.

Seven years old at a slumber party, and I was sleeping with my head under the pool table, and someone knocked the balls in such a way that one of the balls jumped the pool table and landed on my nose and mouth and face and head.

Oh.

And had it been like 30 feet higher, it surely would have gone completely through my face.

Had what, the pool table been 30 feet higher?

Yes.

Why would it have been 30 feet higher?

This is...

I'm just saying.

Imagine if Charles Barkley had dropped it there.

I'm just ex-mumbrish with this story.

First of all, you were- Not to laugh at your almost murder.

Well, I've come to terms with it.

First of all, you were not almost murdered.

That's debatable.

You were...

It was almost an accident.

Hot sauce event.

You were almost accidentally killed.

Okay.

But we don't know, young girls can be mean.

I was almost murdered five minutes ago.

I was walking in here.

Somebody handed me a dollar.

I was like, what are you trying to do?

By the way, we've been filming this in slow motion.

That's why it was five minutes ago when you were walking in.

Correct.

And we've been filming it.

Did you get any damage to your face?

Because you have a beautiful face.

Oh, thank you.

You're welcome.

Gorgeous.

What have you guys made out?

We already connected on a deeper level when we did the thing in the Three Tribes.

I mean, two people in this room have already made out.

Some don't like to talk about it, but we could just make it three.

We just kissed just a bit.

Kissed with our pants.

Was it a chaste kiss?

It was a kiss that you would give to the moon.

So it was very passionate.

It was very passionate.

Was it on the mouth?

For one of us.

Okay.

Thank God.

So a ball dropped on your head.

Oh, yeah.

It broke my nose.

It broke my two front teeth.

They're fake.

Oh, God.

Oh, man.

It's a question.

I mean, whoever did this to me had to have some serious...

So you think it was intentional?

Kind of.

I don't know.

What a mess.

My other problem with your story is I don't think a story about, oh, I was almost murdered can end with, if it were 30 feet higher, that's never going to happen, that a pool table is 30 feet higher.

I don't think...

I feel like...

I was really out of it, but I feel like I heard the doctor at the ER say- Oh, gosh.

If that...

You know, people say if it had been another hour, she would have died, or if it had...

And in this case, if the pool table were 30 feet higher, she would have been a goner.

I think you mean octo, by the way.

The octo told you that.

Oh, man.

The octor.

That's right.

And the doctor was, I made a film called 30 Foot Pool Table.

I made it in 1997.

Yeah.

Really?

That's right.

I believe it was the biggest film of 1998.

Spike Lee directed it, as I recall.

Correct.

Yeah.

Underwater, he directed it.

First film he ever directed underwater.

Oh, that was the Blue Spike.

It came out on Blue Spike?

Correct.

Right.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, let's get back to the game.

Oh, sorry.

Sidebar is over.

Do you have any other questions about either of these stories?

The O.J. scenario, he's telling the story of how he killed Nicole and Ron Goldman.

Do you have to pay O.J. in any way?

You do.

Oh, yeah.

Of course.

But he doesn't get the money.

All the money goes to the Brown family.

It goes to the family, so that makes it a little bit better.

That's nice.

I have a question.

Yes.

When you do the quantum leap, I mean, I'm already, as you said, 14,374.

You can catch up by the way that you ask questions.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Well, so the question is, when you go- I'm going to have to demote you some points for coughing.

Understandable.

I'm a fan of the show.

I believe it's the same amount of points as she just lost.

Yep.

14,376, 412.

Perfect.

All right.

So I'm feeling better.

So when you do time travel, I would think that you would disturb a lot, like coming back to the present.

Do you come back to the present?

That's the buttercream effect.

Are you in some sort of unraveling abyss of time?

Do you jump and jump back?

Well, it all depends on your theory of time travel.

If you subscribe to the buttercream effect, where anything that you do in the past can affect the future, then yeah, when you finally get back to the present, it's wildly different and some sort of dogpocalypse has happened.

And if you subscribe to the loss theory of whatever happened, happened, then you can run rampant and run wild because whatever you did back then, you did back then.

And what if you subscribe to the butterfly effect?

Sorry.

That's not a real thing.

I don't know what you're talking about.

That sounds like a butterfly effect.

That sounds ridiculous.

Come on, you guys.

You've seen that movie.

I've seen buttercream effect.

I made the fucking thing.

With Ashcan?

With Ashcan Cooch.

Was he related to Tooch, by the way?

Correct.

Well, only on microfiche, but yeah.

All right.

Any other questions about any of these scenarios?

All right.

Let's close the floor for voting.

Let's go to Elizabeth Lame.

How would you like to vote?

I'm voting OJ.

You're voting OJ.

Who is that?

Shocked.

So OJ is going to massage you.

It looks like our connection has been broken because I know he has strong hands.

I have been really tense.

A podcaster's salary doesn't give much room for luxuries like massages.

You haven't been cashing the checks, by the way.

I meant to tell you that.

Oh, good.

Yeah.

The last three.

Yeah.

We need our accounts to be balanced.

Okay.

I'll take care of that.

So just the massage sounds great.

The massage alone.

You could probably tune him out.

I feel that way.

You know what I mean?

Once you hear the story once in all the gruesome details, by the 28th time probably you hear it, it has very little effect on your soul, I would think.

Right.

And it would make me, I think, a thicker skin and a more massaged and supple skin.

And a softer skin.

Yeah, softer skin for sure.

A tender feel.

I like that vote.

All right.

Jerry, how do you like to vote?

I do not want to be told those stories.

I'm telling you that.

Not even once.

No.

And I don't want to be in that spa.

I don't like that treatment.

And I don't want OJ to be touching my body while he's talking about something that was obviously a very passionate situation for him.

And furthermore, I would love to do a series of quantum leaps.

If you're going to go for it, you better just go for it.

And I would floor it.

Constantly going for it.

Just go for it.

Who cares?

And hopefully, Baccala, you know, we would become best friends.

Well, that's too bad because, you know, the part that you'd never ask the question about was OJ does go with you on these quantum leaps and he's telling these stories.

So your reasoning doesn't quite make sense there.

But in the massage, he's only doing it with one hand because he's got a knife, a butcher's knife in the other hand while he's doing it.

So you didn't ask about that.

Okay, so...

You may call that a Catcher 22.

Okay.

Catcher 22.

Catcher's Mitt 22.

Catcher 22.

Another film I made, too.

All right.

First beta max tape ever.

Fagan, how do you like to vote in this question here?

I'm going Orenthal.

I'm going Orenthal James.

And why is that?

Because I want the money that we pay to go to Brown family's.

Yeah.

Brown family's?

It doesn't go to his children, by the way.

It goes to the Brown family.

Oh, I thought it went to Brown family's.

No.

No, no, no, no.

Yeah, the victim's family.

I'm sticking with it.

Okay.

I'm a man of my word.

All right.

Well, let me tell you of the points here.

Let's see.

Jerry, you did not vote correctly, so no points to you.

Elizabeth and Fagan, you've both voted correctly and...

I'm down a shit ton of points, though.

I'm worried.

You are.

So you each get one point.

So let's see.

The score is Elizabeth won, and Fagan, you're negative 14,376,411, so it looks like Elizabeth has won the game.

Way to go.

Thank you, guys.

Congratulations.

And that is, of course, how you play Would You Rather.

Exciting one.

Yeah.

Keep an eye on Jerry.

She might slit herself.

Yeah.

Careful.

Ah, that was great, guys.

A classic, a classic version.

And it looks like we only have time for one more feature on the show here, and it's a little something we call Plugs.

It's time for Plugs, the Plugs that guess we put them to the test to tell us information that we share with all our friends.

All right.

That is the medieval Plugs song by the Savages.

That was amazing.

I really liked it.

If you have a song for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs section, go on over to EarWolf.com and our message boards and post it in the appropriate thread.

And all right, let's do it.

Let's go around the horn.

Elizabeth, what do you like to plug?

Totally Lame podcast on the EarWolf network and my Twitter at Totally Lame.

At Totally Lame, and that's, of course, L-A-I-M-E, and great program.

Congratulations on your victory.

Thank you.

It's a pleasure to have you here on the network.

It's a pleasure to be here.

Thanks.

So, what are you plugging?

I guess I'm going to plug the beautiful Marcel the Shell's Shoes On Things About Me picture book that I've made with Dean Fleischer Camp that comes out November 1st through Penguin Books.

So it came out in November.

It came out, I'm sorry, I'm just learning.

When we were on the mountain, definitely different language problems started happening.

Different tense problems too.

Yeah, but- I know that Elizabeth is very tense and I think- Right, well, that's why she needs the OJ massage.

The book is available on Amazon and will be, well, there are lots of tours in different cities.

Oh, great.

So, go get that book on Amazon and, Fagan, what do you like to plug?

I mean, I'd like to plug my hundred to plug.

Did I say plum?

You may have.

See, on the mountain, we both sort of suffered.

Correct.

I'm still there a little bit.

Yeah.

Really?

Yeah.

I notice you don't have a foot.

Correct.

I'm only two feet tall and I don't have actual feet.

Yeah.

So, it's a rough life, I'm not going to lie.

Your feet are still up there.

Correct.

But, getting around.

It's funny that you weren't in that movie, Two Feet, No Feet.

I was.

You would actually have been perfect in that.

I was not in that film.

I was around it.

I was around it when they were shooting it.

Who got that?

Was that Warwick Davis?

That's correct.

It was Warwick Davis.

Warwick Davis.

Yeah.

Yes.

Warwick Davis.

No.

I don't know.

Anything else to plug?

My new film, going around with people named Charlie.

Great movie.

No, it's a good...

It's a documentary.

Yeah.

I've seen it already.

First documentary on Blu-ray.

Blu-ray.

I've seen it before I come from the future and it won a lot of awards.

Thank you.

Congratulations.

Correct.

A lot of paper awards.

Yeah.

That you're and my wife...

Yeah.

And let's call up Charles Barkley on the phone.

Let's see what he has to say.

I hope he's around.

Beep boop boop.

Oh, how you doing baby?

Charles, how are you?

How's everybody doing?

You've been right outside the window the whole time.

The whole time.

Just smiling at us.

Just smiling.

With your giant teeth.

I got a plane in my hand.

Is it time for a plane break?

I'm kidding.

That's not a plane.

What is that?

It's a cheeseburger.

Anything to plug, Charles?

It's like basketball in general and maybe like a Nirvana album.

Because when I hosted SNL, the first time, the musical guest was Nirvana.

Little known fact.

Oh, and who was it the second time?

I do not remember offhand.

I don't either because I was too pranked.

Too pranked.

I got you good that day.

Deeply pranked.

But that's...

Oh, I would like to plug deeply pranked.

My new...

My new newspaper.

Yeah.

And that's Deepak Chopra's brother puts that out.

Correct.

And I want to plug, go over and get the new Comedy Bang Bang t-shirts.

Two styles.

They're very, very comfortable.

They're really great shirts.

Two styles, two colors, Comedy Bang Bang t-shirts.

And also our Bumbershoot podcasts are still out there.

So check those out.

If you haven't, go to the Earwolf store.

And that's it, guys.

We did it.

This has been a great show.

Thank you so much.

What a fun time.

Thanks for having us and thanks.

Nice to see you.

Nice to see you too, bro.

So the minute that we end this, we all have to hold hands and go over to someone's house to watch...

Multiplicity.

Right.

I can't tell you one thing, Scott.

I'm never leaving your side.

Ever.

You need me, I'm there.

Best bros.

That's what bros do, right?

I'll take a bus for you.

We should get two pizzas, one for watching the movie and one just to keep putting it in our wallets.

Wallets.

Yeah.

Let's go around the room and say prank and then that'll be the end of the show.

All right, Elizabeth?

Prank.

Cher?

Prank.

And Fagan?

Prank.

Prank you later.

Bye.

Prank you.

Go to youtube.com slash earwolf for a bunch of great clips from every earwolf show and on Tuesday, a sneak peek of next week's episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

This podcast is presented with support from All's Fair in Love, a new comedy set in the bizarre world of Renaissance fairs starring Cristina Ricci and Owen Benjamin.

See the trailer at allsfairinlovefilm.com.

Fair with an E opens October 28th.

This has been an earwolf media production, executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolfradio.com.

The Wolf's Dead.
