---
layout: page
title: 131. Andy Daly, Jason Mantzoukas [9645⧸21014].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Jason Manzoukas is a name you hear thrown around a lot these days.

Well, I have him here, right here in the studio.

We're going to be talking to him for the entire show.

No one else will interrupt us.

I promise you that.

All of that and more, all on today's...

Get ready to occupy LOL Street.

LOL, of course, it is another edition of Comedy Bang Bang.

Thanks to Adam Young for that cast phrase submission.

I am your host, Hot Sauce Man, aka the world famous Scott Abad.

I'm being stared out with piercing eyes by our guest today.

He's got piercing eyes and a piercing beard.

It's a nice November afternoon.

Oh, delightful.

It is delightful.

You know what?

It's not as sarcastic, but it actually is delightful.

It is delightful.

I'm not there.

There's no sarcasm here.

I swear to God you're being sarcastic right now, but I am trying to say that it actually is delightful.

I assure you with no sarcasm, it is delightful.

I just want to strip any irony out of this conversation right now and just tell you that I technically and realistically feel that it is delightful.

I got into an argument with a guy in a bar recently who just started shouting, I guess I don't get your irony, man.

What?

I was like, I don't know what that even means.

Was it Batman?

It was.

It was Batman.

Fuck, that guy is such a dick.

I want to introduce our guest.

It's a great show.

I'm really happy to have him here.

He hasn't been on the program for a long while, but you know him from his own podcast and his own write and his own comedy.

He has his own podcast, How Did This Get Made, on Earwulf.

He also is a recurring cast person on the FX TV show, The League, where you can see him as Rafi, a disgusting individual, and I saw him naked on a toilet the other day.

I did not like it.

People had very visceral reactions to that, actually.

You can see him.

Can I talk about the thing they can see you in next year, or can I not talk about that?

You can talk about it.

Mention it.

But you can't talk about it.

I can't talk about the specifics of it.

But it is common knowledge.

Oh yeah, totally, totally.

You are one of the leads, I guess, or co-lead, or something, in the new Sacha Baron Cohen movie, The Dictator, which will be out next year.

Yeah, in May, I believe.

In May, you believe.

And what- There are plenty of, if you want to look at what that's like, there are plenty of terrible paparazzi pictures of us sitting on camels in the middle of New York City and other insane things.

So you play a camel jockey.

Yes, yes, camel jockey.

Yep.

And the whole movie is built around camel racing.

Good, good.

And I play a camel jockey.

My friend, it's great to see you.

I love having you on the show.

This is your- You still have not said my name.

Third appearance.

I will not say your name, nor will I ever.

I'm like Voldemort.

My name will never be spoken.

And I am the boy who lived.

Jason Manzoukas is here.

How are you, my friend?

I'm well, thank you.

How are you?

I am great.

Terrific.

I really want to say, I loved that catchphrase at the beginning.

Occupy Wall Street.

Yeah, that was a great one.

Occupy Wall Street.

Adam Young.

Good job.

Really great.

Yeah.

Timely too.

So timely.

Because as far as I know, there's something called Occupy Wall Street happening right now.

Never heard of it.

But the catchphrase, though, is really good.

Really great.

Really good.

Makes me sad, though, that Reggie Watts doesn't come and do this song live every week anymore.

He used to, yeah.

I know, I know.

But I had to do something to replace thanking him because our shows were coming in too short.

Oh, yeah?

Oh, man.

That's tough.

That's real tough.

Yeah, it was a tough situation.

No, I can't imagine what it's like living like that.

It was really bad for a while, I have to admit.

And then thankfully we came up with that solution, but yeah, it was really bad.

Oh my God.

Really tough.

Holy cow.

Are you still cutting yourself?

No Darryl Hammond eye.

We got a beef going on with him.

You do?

Yeah, yeah.

Because of the cutting?

Because of, well, we mentioned the cutting.

Yeah.

Oh, and there's beef from it?

Oh, there's a lot of beef.

A lot of East Coast.

Come on, Hank.

Beef in the comedy world?

Beef.

That's right.

Where's the beef?

Says a lot of people and I say, we don't need it.

But it's right here.

Yes, but here, please.

But it's here with Darryl Hammond.

Jason, you and I, we know each other pretty well.

We do.

I would consider us friends.

I wouldn't.

That's so weird.

It is weird.

All right.

I was being generous.

I would say we are good acquaintances.

I was thinking of the day I, I guess I met you or the first time I ever talked to you.

This is in a city called New York City.

Ah, New York City.

City of Dreams.

Mm-hmm.

The Windy City.

Also, people call it.

City of Brotherly Love.

Yes.

A lot of people call it.

All of those.

Schicky G.

Yep.

And- City of Big Shoulders.

Yeah.

City of Standing on the Shoulders of Giants.

The Big Peach.

Yep.

James and the Giant Peach.

Rolled doll.

I love this game.

I love it.

Let's keep going forever.

Just a word association.

Yes.

Okay, so this is the UCB, New York.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

We're doing Ask Cat.

Uh-huh.

And I don't think we'd ever had a conversation before then.

Okay.

Probably not.

But you were a brilliant improviser.

Thank you very much.

You're a brilliant imp as well as improviser.

I'm an incorrigible imp.

I remember you on stage and watching you do something, but I don't remember what it was, but it was great.

Okay.

And we spoke, and that was fun.

It was fun.

I remember you on stage and watching you do something, but I don't remember what it was, but it was great.

Okay.

And we spoke, and that was fun.

You were doing monologues.

I was doing monologues, which is always my pleasure to do.

You were in town, I believe, writing the Onion Movie.

Was that the trip that was 2016?

I don't know.

I was writing the Onion Movie.

I ended up not writing any of the Onion Movie.

Really?

To see that Onion Movie.

Didn't see it.

And blame me for it.

Do not blame me.

I'm glad you mentioned that, because I haven't seen it, because I was like, well, what am I going to say?

What am I going to say to Scott?

I don't know.

I was brought in after it was made already, because they wanted to re-film the entire movie.

For real?

Yeah.

Oh, that's amazing.

And I was brought in.

Oh, this is some Hollywood insight.

No scoop for you?

Get ready, people who like to jerk off to Hollywood insider information.

You've got a boner.

And the wherewithal to deal with it.

Unless you're in a horrible accident, don't have hands.

Those are the worst accidents, where they chop off your hands coming out of them.

It's usually not an accident.

That means you are involved in either, you are either part of the hooties or the tootsies.

That's why Darrell Hammond started cutting.

He was trying to chop off his hands.

Chop off his own hands to stop himself from masturbating?

Yep.

It's like, masturbating so much is getting in the way of my impressions.

I've got to get rid of these hands.

By the way, if you think it's mean that we're talking about this, it's not like this came out in the news of like, you know, it was in news stories that he has a book about it.

Yeah.

A book about cutting.

Yeah, he has a book.

It's an instruction manual, as far as I know.

I haven't looked at it, but I understand it to be an instruction manual.

Weird that he wouldn't instruct you how to do great impressions.

Instead, he chose that route.

Well, you got to make a living somehow.

This is going poorly.

But you and I know each other.

We worked together for the last year or so, side by side.

Brothers in arms.

Joined at the hip.

And we've had a great time.

Wait, now, wait, was there a, were you going, when we met in New York City, were you going to say something about that night?

No, I was just trying to, I guess I was just trying to picture when it was.

In 2006, you say, it doesn't seem that long ago.

But I guess, you know.

It's like five years ago, isn't it?

Yeah.

Six years ago.

And then we run on the MTV Awards together, and we got even closer, and you almost died.

I did?

Because you almost ate a Dodger dog.

Oh, that was bad news.

Yeah.

I'm violently allergic to eggs, for those listening.

Violent, like to the point where you have to carry heroin on you in case the cops stop you on the way.

What if a violent food allergy to eggs was my cover for being a drug addict?

I have to have this heroin in case I eat eggs.

It's a preventative measure.

I take heroin three to four times a day in order to prevent me from eating eggs accidentally and having an anaphylactic reaction.

Keeps me skinny.

No, I do.

I carry an EpiPen with me.

And you, we were working one day, and they sell Dodger dogs at City Walk where we were working.

Oh, for those of you who don't know, it's like the worst place on earth.

It's terrible.

We had to go there every day.

Yeah.

And so you, one day you were like, and you know what, I'm going to treat myself.

Oh my God, by the way, such a good impression.

Yeah.

No, I've been reading Gerald Hammond's book.

Want to see my arms?

And you're like, I want a Dodger dog today.

And then, right, and you told me the split second before you ordered it, or before you put it in your mouth, did you actually pay for one?

Did you have it?

I did not pay for one.

Okay.

So the split second before you ordered it, you were wrestling with your conscience and saying, should I ask him, because asking everyone you ever meet, are there eggs in this?

It must be a drain.

It is exhausting.

Yeah.

So the one day you decide I'm not going to do it, I'm just going to like gangs away.

Yeah.

Well, because I had had a Dodger dog at Dodger Stadium.

Great story.

So we're sitting there- Because let me tell you something, I've eaten hot dogs before.

You know what I mean?

It's like- It gets better.

I put a hot dog in my goddamn mouth and I know what it's like.

And I'm like, this is just another goddamn hot dog in my mouth.

Isn't it?

No, to be fair, you could have eaten the actual hot dog itself.

The wiener.

True.

The Frank.

Oh, yes.

It's not tree orchard?

It's actually true.

It's true.

Okay.

But it's the buns, as they said in the 70s.

It's eating them buns, those bready, bready buns.

Those eggy, bready buns.

Eggy, bready buns.

Yeah, almost killed me.

Almost killed you.

And you would not have taken your Epi shot, you told me.

I would have let myself go out that way because I had long felt that if I ever managed to get myself to Universal Studios, onto the lot, to CityWalk, working on the MTV Movie Awards, that would be, my dreams will have come true and I could die at that point.

So knowing that I might die, I mean, you could argue that trying to eat a Dodger dog might have been a suicide attempt.

Yeah, one could argue that.

I could have been like, it doesn't get any better than this.

No matter if you're allergic to eggs or not.

I've currently written some of the most legendary pieces of comedy that will ever exist on the MTV Movie Awards.

The intro to Anna Faris and Chris Pine.

Yep.

Which that was a great intro, by the way.

I don't remember that one.

It ended up not being on the show.

Oh, what was it?

Because of the contractual, now a lot of people don't know when people are on that show, when they're presenters or whatever.

Just a quick note aside, just not to distract you, but when you talk about the specifics of how this show gets made, the MTV Movie Awards, does that ever get you in trouble or anything like that?

I already was fired the next year.

I know.

So I can talk about whatever I want because they burned the bridge with me.

After it all happened, I let some information out that shouldn't have been put out.

I was very sorry, apologetic, I apologize to everyone, and then I was hired the next year to be Aziz's head writer, and they fired me a few days in.

And so fuck them, they burned the bridge.

Was it because you didn't bring me in?

Do you think that was it?

That's probably it.

Okay, so.

Yes, go.

Everyone on these shows agrees to be on them as long as, and the studio pays for it, as long as they mention whatever project they have coming up.

And that ruins the intros that you write.

Correct.

Because you have to say, from Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, great film, bad for an intro.

Yes.

So our wonderful intro for Ana Faris and Chris Pintree, who were presenting together, was her last name is the name of a carnival ride, and his last name is the name of a tree.

Please welcome Ana Faris-Wheel and Chris Pintree.

So terrible.

And we got paid for this.

I want the audience to understand, we got paid for this.

In your face, people who don't work in show business.

So terrible, shame on us.

Think you can write a better joke?

I believe you.

Oh my god, I'm trying to think of any of the other ones we came up with and now I can't remember any of them.

Oh, there was the, there was one about people who went to the same high school or something.

Really?

I can't remember.

It was funny though.

Yeah, really fun.

It was a fun room.

We had fun.

We had a great, Paul Russ was there, Neil Campbell.

Don't know those guys, forgotten about them.

On your way to the top.

Yep.

Left them all behind.

Yep.

Well, it's a great pleasure to see you and it's been a fantastic podcast and thank you so much for coming.

Click here.

What's going on?

Are we broadcasting in here?

Is this a Hollywood broadcast?

What is this?

Hi.

How are you?

How do you do?

Hi.

How are you?

Chip Gardener.

What's your name?

Jason Manzoukas.

And how are you?

What's your name?

Hot Saucerman.

How do you do?

I'm Chip Gardener.

Chip Gardener.

That's right.

I hope you don't mind my stopping in.

I saw that there was a broadcast going on in here and I thought this is an opportunity to get my message out there and say hello to the folks in Hollywood.

It's highly irregular, but I'll allow it.

As long as you will.

We need two yeses.

I'll allow it.

Let's see where you're going, counselor.

Well, I'm not a counselor.

I'm absolutely not a counselor.

I'm not a lawyer or a practitioner of the law at all.

I'm a broadcaster.

Oh, I wonder because your voice is very big and booming and broadcaster-y.

Thank you.

Yeah, that's right.

And you're actually a broadcaster.

I'm actually a broadcaster.

I've been a broadcaster for a long time now, but right now what I'm doing is I'm running or I'm asking to be considered for the position of Honorary Mayor of Hollywood.

And that's why I'm here and I'm drumming up support.

Wait, is that a thing?

What's that?

Wait, so the Honorary Mayor of Hollywood is the guy who presides over the Christmas parade and all that that goes up, right?

Isn't that the case?

Or he goes around and does all the feet in the cement bullshit?

Wow.

Wait.

That is highly offensive and wildly misinformed.

Bullshit?

Yeah, he's a mobster.

Wait.

What are you talking about?

There's absolutely no mob involvement whatsoever.

Wait, Chip, is Honorary Mayor of Hollywood an actual position?

It is an actual position.

It is.

That's right.

It's been held over the years by lots of show business luminaries.

Some of the biggest names in show business, including Art Linklater and Monty Hall.

And for many years, the position was held by the legendary Johnny Grant.

Johnny Grant, yeah.

Who's that?

That's right.

Johnny Grant.

He was the most famous for Honorary Mayor of Hollywood.

Oh, okay.

So he wasn't a showbiz guy.

No, but anytime anyone gets their star on the Walk of Fame or whatever, the mayor is there and he gladiates.

The honorary mayor is there.

Yeah, the honorary mayor.

It is not an elected position of any kind.

It pays no salary and holds no power whatsoever.

And how does one get appointed to it?

You're appointed to the job by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and they look for someone who they feel projects the values of Tinseltown and can really celebrate the town in all of its glory.

Can, just out of curiosity, like what are those values?

The values of Hollywood and Tinseltown are Tinseltown and Cinema City and Hollywood and ...

Yeah, a lot of adjoining areas.

All the various areas.

You would be Honorary Mayor of Hollywood.

So is somebody else the Honorary Mayor of Tinseltown?

Guess what, friend?

They're all the same.

Tinseltown and Cinema City and Hollywood, yep, they're all one and the same.

Okay.

Anyhow...

What kind of values are we talking that you would need to embody?

Well, just welcoming commerce to the town and welcoming tourism and just promoting this part of Los Angeles as the high point of culture and sophistication and excitement for all the world to enjoy.

Now I feel like a lot of times people in this kind of position, like stuff comes out without out about them, like is there any skeletons in your closet, like are people going to find out anything about you that might color your ability to draw business into town or any of that kind of stuff?

Well, I don't really think so.

Jason, that's a great question.

Thanks, Scott.

I've tried to lead an exemplary life.

I don't believe I've ever done anything that would get me in any trouble.

Great.

I've been a resident of Hollywood, gosh, since 1980.

I came here as a very young man to become an actor and I did in fact get lost for a while in drugs and alcohol.

I'm not very young, I mean...

What's my bigger button?

I don't think you were very young in 1980.

I'm actually quite a bit younger than I look.

How old are you?

For several reasons.

You look incredibly old.

Thank you.

Well...

I would have put your age around 60.

Well, right, and I hear that a lot, but I'm actually... I'm 43 years old.

Whoa!

That's right.

So you came here when you were 13 years old.

That's correct.

You become a star.

Did you become a star?

Screams large and small.

I tell you, I lost myself in drugs and alcohol.

Okay.

At 13.

And street fighting.

Yeah.

Drugs, alcohol, and street fighting.

That is a trifecta.

So were these your street fighting years?

Those were my street fighting years.

Yeah.

I had several street fighting years.

That is a great question too.

I'm sorry to interrupt you, but I just wanted to point out that that was a brilliant question.

Because I noticed just now while I was talking to Chip here that you keep making little marks.

I'm grading your questions.

Okay, that's awesome.

Okay, good.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So far you have an A plus for everyone.

Oh my God, I'm so excited right now.

I think they're fine questions too, and it's totally my pleasure to get to answer them.

Thank you, Chip.

One thing about that one though is it also has a double meaning.

How so?

Because it's the title of a Rolling Stones song.

What is?

Street Fighting Years.

I think it referred to- And Oasis also covered.

Wow, wow, wow.

Oh, so that's so interesting.

Now, what are the Rolling Stones?

Rolling Stones, it's a magazine and they joined a band.

Got it.

Oh, the magazine people- They joined a band.

People that started the magazine started a band?

Yeah.

You know, a lot of people said after Street Fighting Man was such a hit that they were stupid to record a song called Street Fighting Years, but they went ahead and did it.

Huh.

Wait, what are we talking about?

Street Fighting Years or Street... What's Street Fighting Years?

I don't know.

Wait, no, now that is... Okay, that's a Simply Red album.

Okay.

We're very confused right now.

This is fully off the rails.

So much so that I now have to Google it because I need to know what's going on.

Let me talk to Chip while you Google this.

Street Fighting Years, I'm fairly sure is a Simply Red song.

I had a number of- Do you have any opinion on this?

I don't feel that Street Fighting Years is the name of a Simply Red album.

You don't think so?

I don't think so.

All right, we'll figure this out.

Yep.

I want to thank you for coming by.

It's my pleasure.

I really appreciate it.

Do you just wander into wherever you see people recording anything?

Any kind of audio?

Have I got a hunch that there's a broadcast going on?

Of course I have.

Wait, wait, wait.

I'm sorry, Chip.

I'm sorry to interrupt you, but we're getting early returns.

Chip, shut your fat face for a second.

Well, that's fair.

My face is fat despite my low body fat percentage.

You are a very skinny man, but have a pretty bloated, puffy face.

I certainly do.

It's been remarked upon many times throughout my life.

Did you used to inject the drugs into your face?

Is that what happened?

Well, there is a very specific reason why my face looks the way it does, but first let's find out about Street Fighting Years and Simply Red.

Okay, guys.

I have great news.

Okay.

We're all killing ourselves.

Street Fighting Years is a record title.

Oh, boy.

It is not The Rolling Stones, and it is not, who did you say?

Simply Red.

Interestingly, it is Simple Minds.

That's who I was thinking of.

Okay, I knew it was in that S-I-M-P-L section in the record store.

Producer Trevor Horn.

Trevor Horn produced that one.

Yup.

Love Trevor Horn.

He does great jobs.

1989, guys.

I'm not going to lie to you.

These are the tracks.

Side one, track one.

Street Fighting Years.

Oh, great song.

Track two, coming at you.

Soul crying out.

Even better.

1989, Simple Minds.

Wall of Love.

So good.

What?

This is your land.

Take a step back.

Track one, side two.

The first side of that record?

Classic.

Yeah, better than that.

Unstoppable.

I remember this is your land.

Really?

Sure.

Side two, track one.

Yup.

We're going to do this for every Simple Minds record.

Of course we are.

Kick it in.

Track two, let it all come down.

Track three, Mandela Day.

Topical.

Very topical.

1989.

At the time, not so much anymore, I would say.

No, I would say not really.

I don't even know who he is anymore.

Has Nelson Mandela released us from his grip?

Has he died?

Interestingly, get ready for this.

Mandela Day, track three, on side two, track four, Belfast Child, track five, a cover of Peter Gabriel's Biko.

Wow, they are really getting global on this second half of that record.

I mean, a song about Steven Biko and a song about Nelson Mandela, what the hell, Simple Minds.

Simple Minds was always about Africa, first and foremost.

I wonder how that played at WOMAD.

Really great.

Was that Peter Gabriel's festival?

Yes, World Music Festival.

Fantastic.

I counted down the top 40 for several years.

Really?

That's right.

You did a pretty good job, Jason Manzougas.

Thank you so much, Chip.

I really appreciate it.

Learning people's names is one of the things that's really going to help propel me to the top in this contest to become honorary mayor of Hollywood.

So now you had radio experience, you were saying, or you had just broadcasting in general?

Well, I came out here to be an actor.

Such a good question.

Sorry, Chip Lawrence.

Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.

Chip, Chip, can you just shut it one second?

Scott.

That's fair.

After having what I consider to be a nonstop string of great questions myself, you just came in and nailed that question.

I have so far, my streak has won.

It's phenomenal, though.

Thank you so much.

Really great.

Well, coming from the best, I appreciate it.

You're the best.

Around.

You know.

Terrific song.

Why were you thinking of Street Fighting years, by the way?

Well, he said that he was.

I know.

He said that he was.

No.

What I'm trying to say.

Oh, boy.

Guys, what's up?

No, but why is that a reference that comes to your mind?

Are you a big fan of The Simple Mind?

I'm not.

Okay, if I'm being fully transparent.

Please.

I thought I was referencing Street Fighting Man.

So did I.

Uh-huh.

And he had said that he had been lost in drugs, alcohol, and street fighting.

Which is true.

So I then thought I was going to make a Street Fighting years as if I was referencing The Rolling Stones.

And then when I was called on it, I was going to pretend like I didn't know what I had done.

So do you know that record?

Have you ever heard of that record?

Street Fighting years?

Yeah, why is that in your head?

Never heard of it.

Strange.

Strange how the mind works.

Oh, my God.

So interesting, right?

Everyone's brains are different, and that's what makes life so wonderful.

But yet we think of our own minds as if they are the minds of others.

You know what?

It's so shocking to me when I realize- It turns out our minds are not so simple.

Chip, can you hold on one second?

Chip, can you just shut it for one goddamn second?

Well, the fuck?

Up.

Chip?

We're talking about brains.

I'm trying my best, Chip.

Sometimes you realize, oh, the way I think isn't how other people think.

You know what's weird is you often get mad at someone for not having the exact same brain as you.

Yeah.

But how fun would that be if everyone thought alike?

Oh, my God.

And it invariably- I would submit that it would not be fun at all.

Well- Chip!

Yeah?

You're never going to get there, man.

Get where?

Dude!

What are you talking about?

We're doing something right now, okay?

You're over there- I understand.

You're over there jabber-jobbing away like a fucking robot.

We're connecting here, bro.

We're on the fucking level of geniuses.

We are next level communicating.

Yeah.

Okay?

So why don't you shut your goddamn mouth, take a knee, and learn what's up?

No problem.

I'd be more than happy to listen and understand where you guys are coming from and what it's all about.

Please listen.

Honorary mayor of New York, I mean, of Hollywood?

Yeah.

That's right.

I think your reference-ometer?

Why not?

It's a little broken today.

It's not great.

It's not good.

Should we get Chip back in on this?

Well, there are worse things to be guilty of.

You know what?

We should get back in with Chip.

Let's get Chip in here.

Chip, come back in.

Hey, Chip.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I didn't go anywhere.

I owe you an apology, Chip.

I really freaked out just there.

Hey, man.

That's all right.

There's got to be a lot of pressure involved in whatever it is that you do.

Yeah.

No, there is.

There is.

No, I mean, honestly, a lot of people think it's just sitting around in a room and coming up with jokes like about Chris Pintree and Anna Ferris wheel, but it's harder than that.

Oh my God.

Because you know what?

It's training your mind to think of things like that that's the real hard part.

People say, oh, really?

You got paid for that?

No.

I got paid for the 20 years leading up to that.

Well, I'll tell you.

That's how I feel about my...

Chip.

Hey.

Chip.

Fuck.

What is it?

It's just like it never ends with you.

I just thought I could relate to what you were talking about.

Are you a professional interrupter?

Is that what's going on?

I didn't feel I was...

Is that what you did previous to this job?

I mean, for God's sake.

Absolutely not.

As a broadcaster, I...

Look, Chip.

Chip.

I pride myself on knowing when to speak.

Chip.

I'm going to have to go to a song because I can't take it anymore.

Okay?

When we come back, we're going to talk more to Jason about what we're talking about because I've really felt like we were onto something.

We have been on the verge of a breakthrough.

No question about it.

Hey, Chip.

Fuck.

All right.

Go to a song.

What the shit, man?

What's the matter?

Go to a song.

If you're living in a bubble and you haven't got a chance, then you've got a chance.

You'll be the boss.

We're the masters of space, hey, don't mess around with the space balls Going cruising in a spaceship, we're so good at being bad We'll destroy your little planet if you ever get us mad We're the masters of space, hey, don't mess around with the space balls We're the masters of space, hey, don't mess around with the space balls Watch out, watch out We're the masters of space, hey, don't mess around with the space balls We're the masters of space, hey, don't mess around with the space balls We're the masters of space, hey, don't mess around with the space balls We're the masters of space, hey, don't mess around with the space balls He's an asshole, and a monster, and a son of a bitch, and he's completely unfit for service in every possible way I don't think that you should say asshole about your competitor, I mean, that's not very befitting of the office Well, I mean, it sounds a little bit like you're taking your campaign seriously, but you don't need to go negative No, you're absolutely wrong, I've got to cut these motherfuckers off of the kneecaps who are going after the job, I want the job Angeline is also up for the job, you know Angeline Oh, I saw her at a Del Taco once A goddamn whore I actually think she might be a whore Yeah, she might be, you know what I had heard about her was that she was Don Knotts' kept woman No That Don Knotts basically had her whenever he wanted her That's like a dream And he just paid her off with Mr. Limpet money That's a goddamn dream, not that she would be at your disposal, that you could be Don Knotts' go-to gal Sounds like she was his lady fish Well, Angeline, come on over here You know what, keep reading that Daryl Hammond book That sounded a lot like the late great Don Knotts to me Thank you so much, you know what, I'm going to vote for you We can't vote, there is no voting, it's an honorary title No, but what you can do is you can write a letter to the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and let them know that your pick for Honorary Mayor of Hollywood is Chip Gardner Chip, have you ever been arrested?

Several times, yup, that's absolutely, yup, I've been arrested for Just stirring your drugs and street fighting Where's the cough button, you have a cough button?

We don't I've been arrested several We're on a four second delay though, so we'll just take that out That's perfect Okay, let's wait four seconds of silence now Okay So during your street fighting Simple Mind years Certainly during my street fighting years, during all of my Simple Mind years and during my vandalism phase Now did you follow the band Simple Minds?

I was on tour for a while with the band Simple Minds You know, not during their high point No, not during the high point They were on the way down, they were angry, they were opening for Jesus Jones So this is the second day that Breakfast Club was out?

That's unbelievable That's absolutely true They were opening for Jesus Jones, you have that hot hit That's unbelievable Right here, right now Oh, right here, I thought it was unbelievable No, that's EMF You're thinking of EMF My reference meter is really off It's really off Did you hear the guy from EMF committed suicide?

No, really?

You're supposed to say, oh, that's unbelievable But you know, all of that ended when I had my face run over by a Jeep Which is why I look the way that I do Let's move on, let's move past that But wait, I would love to hear what happened with the Jeep A Jeep?

Yeah, it was a Jeep out on the Pacific Coast Highway I was lying in the road Why? Why would you lie in the road in the middle of the highway?

Well, I was hoping to get run over by something And it was a Jeep and it ran over my face And most of what you see on my face now is artificial It's been built and rebuilt over the years Yeah, you have the kind of puffy weird face of not skin, glued to bone That's right, a lot of it is not skin and very little of it is bone There's titanium on here But it's glued to bone There's a lot of glue What you're seeing is mostly glue Yeah Various different kinds of glue Huh You're seeing just the evolution of face reconstruction technology As it's happened over the past 25 years I've been waiting since I saw a face off for us to reach this point Yeah We're finally here, you're telling me Well But it looks bad Thank you No, you're right It absolutely does And you remember in Logan's run They had that wonderful sequence where Michael Yorke and Farrah Fawcett Majors at the time Had their faces changed by machine What is she now?

Well, when she passed, she was Farrah Fawcett, wasn't she?

Farrah Fawcett or Farrah Fawcett O'Neill at that point perhaps Lee Majors showed her the door Wow And then he had extensive plastic surgery Lee Majors himself He's a delight though, he's great to work with Lee Majors?

Yeah, yeah Have never had the pleasure Well, that's too bad Yep Who have you worked with that would give you the experience you need in order to be mayor or honorary mayor of Hollywood?

Gosh, I've been broadcasting for years on the radio and also hosted lots of local game shows in the local market out here Local game shows What do you mean by that?

Do you mean like on like a KTLA?

That's right Yep, KTLA I think I saw you, did you host like a supermarket sweeps kind of show where people shop in a supermarket? I saw that on local TV That's right But it was all about shoplifting, it was like you're supposed to hide all the stuff Yeah, you had to sneak out, if we saw anything at all in your pockets, it was taken from you, that was part of the idea We went into the inner city areas and we got young kids and just sort of had them, the idea was that they would be great at shoplifting And it was a controversial show No one wanted to watch all those minorities on TV at the time Were you part of that show that was about looting?

Yep, I also had How Much Can You Loot and it was just a sort of a thing where the contestants were told the location, be it a Best Buy or whatever And they were told to just go there and loot and nobody else was told, our cameras would show up in a sort of a hidden camera style But I mean for real, real deal, the police were called and they had to get in and out of there as fast as they could This was more of like an entrapment kind of thing though, you were working with the local authorities Working with law enforcement, yeah, a lot of the time We would go into the inner city areas and we would say, who thinks they can loot a store real fast?

And we'd have them do it and then nine times out of ten they'd get arrested I believe you also had a local version of To Catch a Predator Yeah, that's right But that wound up, apparently because you didn't have any access to law enforcement or much production help, a lot of kids wound up being for real molested Yeah, that's right Because you used to call it Catch and Release Yeah, well, the way they do it now on Catch a Predator, they've got a real great idea there where they don't actually have actual children They've got people posing as children Yeah, I remember you having your show having children That's a great idea, no doubt about it Listen, hey, that is an improvement on what we did, no doubt about it, I hand it to them, that was a great idea I remember you used to have like an educational Zoom type show that you hosted and then you just like kind of moved the cast of that over into this other show That's exactly what we did and it wasn't called Zoom, it was called Zap and that was on from two to three and then from In the morning Yep, mhm We had, you know, a lot of the kids were sleepy It was a live broadcast It was a live broadcast And I remember there also being a part of Zap where all the kids drink, Nyquil Yeah, well, that's right, listen, when you have a show like that, the last thing you want is kids bouncing off the walls and making things difficult for you I actually think the opposite Right A lot of those kids' shows have kids bouncing off the walls Yeah The fun is infectious, your show had real sleepy kids Sleepy kids who'd already drank some Nyquil Yeah Yeah Listen, we didn't have it in the budget But you were constantly slapping them to keep them awake, I remember Well, this was the very difficult, I'm pleased that you guys remember the show this well because this was, and you're talking about exactly the very struggle I remember everything about the show except for you Yeah, I don't Well, there I was, right in the middle of it But also, remember, Scott, he looked much different, this is, I'm assuming, before your face was run over by a jeep Did you get your face to look like someone else? Because I remember you very differently during those shows This was after the jeep incident, but before facial reconstruction technology was any good at all And so I wore a mask on the show Oh And I would change it up from time to time Sure, sure, sure, sure, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, usually the masks were terrifying even when they weren't trying to be I remember, yeah, you wore a ski mask with swastikas over the eye holes for a while That's right, and that's just the way it came from the store We didn't, you know, but we didn't really have it in the budget to do anything about it Because you wanted to add more swastikas What's that?

You wanted to add more Well, I thought, yeah, I thought the mouth hole also, you know, if you've got a theme going, go with it What is it, two swastikas in a circle, does it make any sense?

Yeah Well, actually, well, it's not, we don't want to get mired into the semantics of that Yeah, exactly I don't understand So that's why you were wearing those Halloween masks, too, all the time But the point was it was very difficult to keep the children in just the right state of, you know Lucidity and yet elation Exactly, that's exactly right, because there were participation parts of the show There was a sort of an obstacle course, parts of which were quite dangerous And so we did need them awake and alert to a certain extent, but we didn't want them hyperactive And that was very difficult, a little bit of back wall, a couple of slaps on the face Part of this show, I'm pretty sure, if I'm remembering correctly, involved teaching kids how to shoot M16s Yeah, that was part of it, and a lot of the times it was blanks, but How to dismantle one and put it back together in a time test A lot of people thought you were training an army Well, we did hear that We heard that accusation on a memory occasion A child army Well, that wouldn't be children for long, hopefully, because, you know, the best army You know, they grow up to hate the enemy Yep Yep, and, you know, of course, when you have an army like that, the whole idea is Put them together and kick them out by the time they're 18, because, you know, you can't You know what I'm saying, if you arrest somebody before they're 18, it's just a juvenile crime And then they'll flip on you and all of a sudden someone's squeezing your shoes Squeezing your shoes?

I just watched NYPD Blue last night Yeah, they came up with a lot of phrases on there that didn't really exist You know a lot about Hollywood Sure I do, yep Wow, so Did you put a hump into that girl? They would say that on that show What a horrible thing to say I hated when they would be like, you see that girl, she's a real cooze Oh boy Remember that on every episode Was that the worst thing they could say so they would say it all the time?

It was the secret word That show just decayed our moral fiber in ways that I don't care to contemplate I totally agree, and I think that TV has taken a step back from that now, which is great Because, you know, for a long time it was like, okay, well you show side boob, what are you going to show next?

The other side, meaning the front of a boob?

Yeah, or bestiality?

Yeah What's next?

What's next?

Men marrying dogs?

Yeah, turns out what's next is we go backwards Yeah Great Yep, that's right We're cracking the code here guys Go as far as you can to the line and then head on back No, I just want to like, Chip, I just want to like, just because I want to make sure we're on track here I'm glad you guys are as familiar as you are with my career Well, it just occurs to me that I've seen a lot of your early work Anyone in a mask, I'm remembering now Yeah There was that period in the 80s where I saw a lot of shows hosted by people wearing frightening, frightening masks Terrifying masks It was always me, yeah, that's right I wondered what it was all about, I just thought that's what TV stars did Yeah But it turns out it was just you Just you No, I wore a number of terrifying masks over the years Yeah You had one that like, dripped blood Well, that's right, the prop department rigged that one up to just drip blood throughout the entire broadcast By the end of it, just everything was absolutely soaked in blood That's when I was hosting a game show called, see if you can hold this for a half an hour Yeah, no one was able to hold it Nobody was able to, and the show was only 10 minutes long Well, that's right And you brought people up to speed at the beginning of the show, say, okay, here's what happened for the previous 20 minutes That's right And everyone had stopped holding it by then Yep Because as I remember In many ways it was a disappointing show As I remember it Not too many All of the items for holding were either electrified A lot of the time they were electrified It was like electric eels Or burning hot Yep, those were, you hit it on the head, those were a couple of our big go-tos, electrified or burning hot Or an angry animal, an animal that's been teased and poked at I'm pretty sure another show you hosted was electrified or burning hot People had to guess People had to guess, yeah, by touching their genitals Well, yeah, that's right What you would do is there was a hole and you had to stick your genitals into the hole And it would make contact with this thing that was either electrified or burning hot And I'll tell you, you would think it'd be real easy to tell the difference Not really It's pretty much the same sensation Well, it turns out that it really wasn't A lot of the time they got it wrong But I do remember your prize was $15 million And one time you had an actual ME, a medical examiner on, who just examined his own wounds And he was able to give you the right answer He was disqualified later As I remember it, he did not end up getting that money That's correct, he did not end up getting that money He was disqualified, if I'm correct, because he was murdered Well, there was a stipulation in there That's not a true disqualification, I have to say I always wondered about that little piece of Hollywood lore There was a stipulation in the agreement that contestants went into that if they died before they left the premises They did not get the money Interesting Interesting stuff You know what occurs to me is No one knows who murdered him, that goes unsolved For as much as we know about Chip Gardner's career, when he walked in, we should have been really psyched to see him We should have, but all I saw was this fat-faced weirdo And I was a little frightened, so I was telling him to shut up Right, so was I Because we were growing out so hard So hard at each other But now Yeah, you guys really were growing out Can you hang on one sec?

It's only just because Scott and I are in a thing right now Oh, I understand So we were We had gone to another plane Yeah Thank God we came back down to Chip's plane And it was my great pleasure to join you there on that plane Hey, Chip, shut your fucking leaky face Shut it I don't know what the shit those fluids are I guess it's Elmer's glue or something Could be any number of things Chip!

Put your forehead back in place Listen up And take notes Because the grown-ups are talking, you weirdo You 43-year-old Fuck!

I apologize If I've done anything to offend you Apology accepted, Chip Thank you for apologizing I forgive, but I never forget Just like 9-11 I want to talk to you more About the actual campaign Because I want to help you out with this And use all the help I can get But I really want to take a break before we do that Because I want to come up with some strategies before we do that If that's okay. Is that okay with you, Jason?

Scott, I'm not going to lie to you I love where you're going with this And where I'm going with it is to hear a little Stan Friedberg And it'll be great to take a little break, don't you think?

Chip! We already did this part Is that part of your broadcasting style Is just to repeat what fucking people Have already said?

Scott was already throwing to the song You fucking piece of shit I'm a flow!

Again, please accept my apologies If I've done anything at all Apology 100% accepted, Chip 110% If I could accept it more than Jason, I would I am nothing but forgiving That's one of the great things And I've known this man since 2006 Shut your fucking He is talking To you Of a mouth He's talking to your fucking shit face Can you interrupt him?

I want to stab you I am the host of this show Okay I understand Let's just take four seconds of delay And think about what we've done Chip! We're taking the delay Holy fucking One, two, three, four Alright? Fine Have you changed your fucking whole thought process?

Guys, I really don't want to step out of line here again And I'm not exactly sure what I've done wrong But I'm going to sing another song They need a clue And think it's a And think it's a lovely baby And think it's a lovely baby And think it's a lovely baby Time Now the bell-out's tears keep flowing The desk looks dressin' black Well, they've been so long And lonely, see Well, they let her get back And think it's a And think it's a And think it's a And think it's a And think it's a lovely baby It's a lovely baby I'll rip my jeans Where you will become third pair You'll be so lovely Die!

That's good, that's good, that's close enough for jazz Oh, though it's always crowded You still can find some room For broken-hearted love foods To cry there in the clue And think you're so lovely back, back, back So that's too much echo Heartbreak, peace of hell, tears keep flowing You think you're so lovely back, back, back That's too much Turn me off Stan Friberg Making fun of a very specific aspect of Elvis's career And how much echo he used on one song So much echo It's about time someone commented on the echo on the Elvis songs About time Oh yeah, he's really been taking the task now This is Comedy Bang Bang, we're here with Jason Manzoukas And we have Chip Gardner who we had a great talk during that song And everything's cool No, we're 100% cool, in case anybody in the audience is nervous Don't worry about us, we truly are three great friends now Great friends, great friends I want to talk to you about your campaign Because it seems like your only strategy that you've had so far Is for people to write to someone like an actual letter Absolutely, nothing is more impressive than sitting down at a typewriter And typing out a letter and putting it in the care of the United States Post Office All this various technology we have today is just fine But if you really want to impress someone Give them a hard piece of paper in their mailbox And that really gets a message across Is that a euphemism, Chip?

Giving someone a hard piece of paper in their mailbox?

Sounds like a euphemism Well, I didn't mean it that way But if it helps me to get the job of honorary mayor of Hollywood For someone to go down there and just jam a hard piece of mail in somebody's god damn wet mailbox I would say go do it And tell them Chip Gardner sent me If you like that fucking You've got Chip Gardner to thank for it Because he sent me here to fuck you It sounds like part of your campaign is to advocate People go down to the Chamber of Commerce And just fuck people Listen, it's not a bad idea In your name Go down to the Chamber of Commerce right there on Hollywood Boulevard Can you just fuck anyone you want to these days?

Absolutely, are you kidding me?

Such a good question Scott, I'm putting that in the great question column That's in the win column That's in the win column, it's such a great question Chip, I'm interested to hear your answer Well, if I'm not mistaken, the Supreme Court recently ruled on that They rule Yep, and I believe they said, yeah, you can go ahead and fuck whoever you want Yeah And there's no legal thing that anyone can turn to To tell you that I didn't enjoy that fucking Well, no, as I understand it, and I might be wrong But it's not about them enjoying it Right It's not about, because when you're fucking someone, it's about you It's about you taking what you want Mm-hmm In the name of Chip Gardner in this instance Hell, Satan Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on Hold on one second because I think you just said something that I want to pay Very close attention to Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop the clock And point out for the listener Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop the clock What's that?

You said two words that if people, and maybe people want to rewind here Maybe you just press play right here in the middle of it If you just joined us You know what I just realized, coming out of that song we didn't do We didn't identify anything So people who just tuned in at this point have literally no idea what's going on They would be absolutely bewildered Yes But you said two words Yep And usually the combination of which leads me to believe that you have some freaky, freaky things going on What are you talking about?

I feel like we heard the same thing, Scott, so I think on the count of three we should say those two words together Here we go Ready?

One, two, three Shipgardener Wow, you guys really are bros Jason, come back He's lying on the floor Are you having a seizure?

Wow, that was beautiful No, but you did say Hail Satan That's right Is that part of your scene, man?

Oh, absolutely, yeah, one of the things that brought me back from my dark period, there was friends and family, of course But also the Lord Satan The TV show friends and family?

The TV show friends actually did help me come back from the brink Because I saw that monkey And I thought, how bad can things be when monkeys got work?

But anyhow, Lord Satan was a big part of my recovery and redemption How did you first get into that?

Well, gosh, I was down at a rock bottom and I saw a fellow Was this before or after the Jeep?

This was well after the Jeep Oh, so you'd already been hosting these shows with the masks on I've been hosting the shows with the masks I just want to ask a quick question And I do want to get to your introduction to Lord Satan Yeah The Jeep instance, was that the first time you attempted suicide?

Oh, that wasn't a suicide attempt, I just wanted to get run over Oh, you just wanted to get run over?

For what, for kicks?

Just for kicks, exactly, yeah, just to see what I could survive Because at that point where kicks just keep getting harder to find Kicks are getting harder and harder to find Herman's Herbits?

I was actually pitching a game show at the time called Can You Survive Getting Run Over by a Monte Carlo was what it was In particular, I was hoping to get run over by a Monte Carlo But it ended up being a Jeep In some ways you're lucky it was a Jeep because of the four wheel drive Maybe you're right, how so?

Well, because those back wheels were able to avoid you Oh, is that how it works?

Yeah, that's any time a Jeep hits anything the front wheels hit it But the backs don't Is that right?

That's what four wheel drive is Yeah, I used to work at Ford Ford, maker of the Jeep Maker of the Jeep Ford, Ford, Jeep No, come on guys, you guys are joking around But we studied the Jeep because we were afraid of it Know your enemy Yeah, exactly Keep your friends close We were deathly afraid of it and we considered actually making a four wheel drive Ford for a while And we were going to call it the Ford wheel drive I love it Yeah, and I got paid $300,000 to come up with that You talk too much about money You do, you talk too much about how much money you make Do you really think so?

Like the story would have been Well guys, I'll tell you Chip, Chip, can I interrupt you for one second?

I do want to hear this Chip, I'm sorry The story would have been totally viable if you had not said how much Here's where I disagree To put the money in is bragging The story has value otherwise Here's where I disagree I got paid so much money that people should know about that No, they don't need to know about that That's the part where you lose I don't think it's bragging when you're just stating a fact You lose the common man When you just say how much money you make It's not important It's not bragging Yes, it is bragging How is that bragging?

It didn't add anything to the story Chip, can you shut it It makes people impressed Shut up I know you look like you want to talk you stupid weirdo I'm dying to get in there Alright, you know what?

I want to hear what he has to say Let's go What were you guys talking about?

Don't worry about it Sometimes they interrupt without knowing What you're talking about Well, we just had a little disagreement Chip, back to Lord Satan Yup, Lord Satan You're in a dark place Yeah, absolutely Rock bottom you said Uh-huh, uh-huh And the Jeep wasn't rock bottom That's what I find interesting The whole facial reconstruction and surgery going awry That was a drag That was a real bummer man I know they accidentally gave you sexual reassignment surgery While they were working on your face And you were like, I didn't ask for that I'm not entirely sure it was an accident It wasn't my idea I didn't want it But I think it might have been pranksterism on the part of the doctors But then as I understand it You went and had that not reversed Because you can't reverse it But now you have both sets of genitalia Well, that's right Neither of which functions They call it a side by side They call it a side by side In the in and out secret menu I'm a side by sider That's absolutely true That's all you got to say When you go to in and out And they give you a free burger Yep Oh yeah I get free burgers all the time over there Really?

Well, I'm a side by sider And that's a rare thing to be So yeah, that's right Well, I figured as long as I've got a vagina And it's just as easy to put a penis on there I might as well have both But anyway Do you ever You know, I've never even thought about this Do you ever put one inside the other?

Are you kidding me?

I don't think I am It's in there right now Wait What?

Absolutely all the time Now is that Let me ask you a question Is that for sexual pleasure?

Or is it to have a good line in your pants?

Because it looks good Thank you very much Yep Well, it helps with the pants But really I'm just in rapturous pleasure at all times Really?

At all times As Lord Satan would want me to be Of course Because we have to make the most of our time on this earth That's the part where a lot of people don't like Satanists But that's the part that I actually really agree with Is that it's all about instant pleasure And just Absolutely We're beasts Do you need to spit all over the microphone and table more?

But just to make Just to make this point And I'm sorry to spit But when I get really emphatic I do sometimes You just produce so much saliva It's insane It's part of a glandular problem I have with No, it's good Please get rid of it All over the table and microphone But when you're on this earth There's nothing after this life Other than hell, fire and damnation So while you're here That is something While you're here You need to make the most of it And you need to be constantly Just feeling and experiencing As much orgiastic pleasure as you can And that's the only part that I agree with When it comes to Satanists Well, that's 99% of it Go out there and get what you want And to hell with everybody else And just pleasure, pleasure, pleasure at all times And it doesn't matter what you do to anyone else No, no, no This is the only thing that I agree with Yep, that's a lot of it right there Chip, I need to know What is it that brings you into contact For the very first time with Lord Satan?

Well, I had lost my first wife She passed away She and I were I'm so sorry That is horrible It was terrible We were playing a game of Houdini in the pool Did she win?

No She won the game But it was in her contract Scott, before we go there I'm going to ask just a super quick question Just because I'm sure a lot of our listeners don't know What is a Houdini in the pool?

Yeah, no What is that game?

I just thought that was something everyone knew And I was going to ignore it Yeah, exactly No, the game is Houdini But we happen to be playing it in the pool Got it That's where you What is the game Houdini?

Well, you put someone in a plastic bag Well, first you stab her And then you put her in a plastic bag And lock her in a trunk And throw her in the pool And see if she can get out Okay, so that is the game of Houdini Does take place in a pool It doesn't have to take place in a pool This time it took place in a pool Got it, got it, got it Sometimes that locked trunk can go in any number of places It can go in the ocean Sure But there's water involved It can be buried Oh, it can be buried in the earth Okay Absolutely That's sometimes worse than the ocean Now, is this a game you and your now deceased first wife I'm so sorry to hear that Had played in the past where she had managed to escape Or were you guys first time players?

The stabbing, rapping, burying You know, this was one of the rare times when The very first time that we played Houdini She did not make it out People play Houdini all over the world Really?

And enjoy it as couples It's a very popular couples game It's a party game Like scruples A lot of times It's like scruples It's a lot like scruples A lot like Balderdash or Jenga But this, I mean, it's just one of those rare freak occurrences Where the very first time you try to play it, boom The very first time we played it I think, if I'm not mistaken William Shatner played this game with his wife Oh yeah, I remember this My wife I remember that I think you may be right So you, but you played this Brian Jones' Butler played it with him Really, is that true?

That's exactly right Oh wow Brian Jones' Butler played Houdini in the Pool with Brian Jones So you play it and it leads to your bottoming out Yep, that's right Lock bottom you say, because of that?

No, because I was sued by her family for wrongful death And that just took my finances You know, what you have to prove for that in just a civil suit It's just a preponderance of the evidence 51 to 49, it's not like beyond a shadow of a doubt You're absolutely right But in this case, just out of curiosity In this case, Chip, was it close or was it without a doubt?

My understanding is that it was a unanimous finding on the part of the jury Got it, got it That yes, it had been a wrongful death and that I was the responsible party Despite the fact that the coroner ruled it an accident My friend Don, the coroner Oh, coroner Don Coroner Don Yeah Ruled it an accident But anyway, losing all my, losing all my wife of course All of her? You lost all of your wife?

I lost all of my wife and that was of course, I didn't care for that But losing all the money was devastating Just out of curiosity, did you keep any trophies?

Did you keep like an ear of hers or anything?

Did you keep anything to like remember her by?

No, I was heavily into her feet and I do have those You know what?

Mm-hmm Something to be grateful for Yeah Yeah, that's right, I still have her feet to remember her by I mean like I have like the letters an ex-girlfriend wrote me Yeah You know?

Where does a person keep those?

Those are on the mantle and they're right on the mantle As soon as someone comes in, it's pretty much the first thing you see It's a real conversation piece I hang mine above my rear view mirror What do you hang there?

Little baby boots Oh, I see, yeah Baby boots Yeah, yeah, that's kind of the same thing I'll tell you something, it's not easy to get a human being or even parts of a human being taxidermied There's one guy who will do it out in international waters because it's Just off the coast of San Diego, right?

Yep, he's out there Yeah Yeah, you go out there and you get But he'll stuff anybody If someone passes away and you'd like to keep them in your house posed in a certain pose, he'll do that He'll be more than happy to do it So, and that just because I'm curious now Is that something you've done subsequent to your wife's feet?

I've done it on several occasions, yeah So walking into your Let's do this Walking into your home Chip, what can one expect to see?

I would love to take a virtual tour of your home right now Oh, absolutely You walk into the house and you're confronted first and foremost by my beautiful fireplace What kind of a finish is on that?

I beg your pardon?

What kind of a finish?

Yeah, what are we talking?

It's a tile Is it wood burning?

No, it's a tile Good old fashioned tile on there What kind of house?

Is it for the outside?

Yeah, is it Spanish style?

Is this a modern home?

It's a modern home Yep, it's based on a prison in the 19 It was, I believe, a prison of the 1960s that had a very unique design for a prison And so you had a home based on that same structure or you occupy a prison?

No, no, no, I spent some time in this prison and I loved it You grew to love it I absolutely loved it and I thought it was an interesting design for a prison Sure And so I had it I called in the architect who had done it and I said, make me a house And they put a gate around it with gun turrets Yep, that's absolutely right It's right up there in the Hollywood Hills I've seen this place It's one of the famous Hollywood houses I had no idea that you lived there let alone that you hired an architect to build it for you Yep, that's right Now, oh wait, I think I know this house Is this a house that a number of times people have been imprisoned in and when they try and escape they are shot by guards?

As a matter of fact, that's right You know your Hollywood trivia I do know that That's absolutely right Only because on a number of occasions I've had to stop going someplace because traffic is shut down because there is a quote unquote prison break This was just last week From a home to the hill It's not really trivia when it just happened Well listen, these people are absolutely not held against their will These are guests of mine in the house but if they leave unexpectedly there's a chance they could get shot Okay, see that seems like they are held against their will There's a real legal problem though You don't know the healthcare system There's a real You know, you have a responsibility to your patients and you can't just let them leave Wait, patients?

You're saying patients as if they've been admitted to a hospital You're a doctor, aren't you?

Well listen, I'm a doctor of sorts That's what I thought Yeah, I am all Because I've heard about the owner of this house I never realized it was you But I heard about the owner of this house how he's the doctor in an insane asylum that he turned his house into See, I hadn't heard any of this This is actually really specific This is really interesting how urban myths get started because some of this is not entirely true It's not an insane asylum What am I getting wrong?

Well, what happens is that I'll bring people over who are living on the streets and seem to have nothing to live for really and I'll do my best to improve their lives through surgery various surgeries, surgical procedures So it's not an insane asylum at all No, but a lot of the homeless people have schizophrenia They have a lot of mental health problems Absolutely That's very different from an asylum What I had heard is that it was a kind of island of Dr. Moreau in the hills I had heard about these experiments that he's referencing You switch a person's upper half for their lower half Well, believe me, I wish we were that advanced We haven't gone that far But we certainly have replaced a man's arm with a coyote's arm a coyote's leg or things like that You've turned everyone into a side-by-side as well We've got a lot of side-by-side stuff going on up there Absolutely Do you think your obsession with these experiments is in some way an effort to find a way to fix your own goddamn face?

Well, believe me, that's how it began, absolutely I bought a whole lot of surgical A lot of the surgeries that were done on my face were surgeries that I did myself That's how it all began I bought surgical equipment I started reading up on skin and bone and muscles I remember you bought ancient Victorian surgical tools How do you remember he bought that?

How do you remember that?

That's not a memory you could have There's a big profile on him in the L.A. Times You can't say, I remember you bought ancient surgical equipment because that's impossible I remember reading the article about it The L.A. Times wrote an article about my home Then let me ask you this Architectural Digest has been over three times If that's the case, why has it just come out now that there was such a long profile I didn't know this guy How could you not if it was such a long profile?

I didn't know that this was the guy I just heard about this eccentric who lived in the Hollywood Hills The article didn't mention the game shows?

No, no, they kept that out of it I told the journalist let's not dwell on the past I'd like to talk about what I'm up to now The surgeries on the schizophrenics and the homeless people What I did think was really weird about that article though was that There were a lot of weird things about that article Side by side to the article there's another article about how all the ex-child stars of the TV show Zap They were all homeless living on the streets and how they'd been disappearing Yep, that was an interesting confluence of events Those two articles appearing side by side What a terrible story to hear that those poor children Once proud warriors in my army were now living on the streets And suffering through mental anguish and mental illness Wouldn't it be wonderful to hear that someone had taken them in And helped them out through surgery?

It would be wonderful but it's just not the case One of the things that I remember about the TV show Zap Is that in the show all the kids would come together Like a Voltron and they would join forces It was kind of crude CGI kind of graphics But they would come together in order to fight an evil I just want to make sure there isn't anything going on now where In your experiments you're trying to take those children And actually physically make them the Mega Man that they were in the TV show Zap You're asking me, am I taking some of these children who are now adults?

First of all, he's not admitted to taking any of these children, Jason Okay, sorry, sorry Hypothetically speaking, would there be a case for anybody to be trying to actually build Surgically craft these now adult ex-children That's I guess what a lot of us are Ex-children together into a large Mega Man So you're imagining a scenario where some of these children have I'm not imagining anything, I'm just hypothetically Or are you remembering?

Restating Are you remembering? I remember The question on the table is Have I taken all of these adults who were once members of my child army And child actors on Zap up to my mansion Which looks like a prison and is guarded round the clock By armed men who will shoot anyone who tries to leave And am I in fact putting horns on some of their heads and talons at the end of their hands And sewing them together one by one to create a gigantic monster With many arms and legs You've summarized our query precisely It's really It's as simple as that Well done, synthesizing all of this information into one cogent point And you're asking if I have done this Perhaps you're surmising that I have done this in service of Satan So that Lord Satan may rule supreme over the earth That would be Knights in Satan's service Or if one was to be If one was to want Satan to arrive here on earth You might need a vessel for him to occupy that is more than human Well absolutely because when Satan If this were the case Would you be lobotomizing these children as well So that Satan could take over the corpses a little more easily?

Well it would certainly be helpful to destroy their will, wouldn't it So that they would have a very difficult Because this is, how many different souls are we talking about?

Perhaps 28 different souls 28 different souls Satan would have to simultaneously occupy in order to rule this monster Meanwhile, recent medical studies have stated that if you lobotomize a child or an ex-child And give them just the bare minimum of motor functions That they're actually able to operate machinery and their own bodies Without having much of what one considered to be a soul Or free will Without revealing why, I will tell you that that is absolutely the case That absolutely can be done We won't ask any further questions, I'm satisfied I'm satisfied Your theory is interesting because it would be true that Satan has failed to come to earth for all this time An argument could be made because in order for him to come here He would have to inhabit the body of a single human being Whose attributes and skills would not be greater And a single human being would not be powerful enough to take over the world Nicely, take a look at that ridiculous movie The Exorcist Of what value is it to Satan to inhabit the body of a 13 year old girl Or the omen Or the omen, even more ridiculous And so the theory might go that it would be better for 28 simultaneous souls to be stitched together Into a monster that has been created With extraordinary powers Now you know what I think is really interesting is Jason and I, we were talking about this when we first met That we thought we had just met each other but we seemed familiar to each other And you and I, what we didn't talk about at the top of the show Is you and I have something really weird in common Which is we're amnesiacs Sure, retrograde amnesia Yeah, and we don't remember our lives when we were young children And neither of us have any record of what we did or where we've been I don't have family No, in fact all our families basically died when we were very young So I would assume, I don't know It's almost as though your memories were stolen So that's just a weird fact that I wanted to bring up I've often thought of myself as a victim of memory thieves And has it ever occurred to you that at some time you might hear a message That flipped a switch for you and gave you commands You know what I haven't I've thought about it a little bit because I've heard a combination of syllables Every once in a while that feels like a tickling in the back of my brain Have you ever felt like your brain is being tickled Okay, see that's interesting you say that Does this happen to you, do people come up to you Sometimes like after a show or something you've been doing And say, man, I loved you on Zap They say that to me literally every day So weird because I don't know what it means I don't remember anything about that No, I have no idea but maybe one of these days Because people are like, what happened to the 28 other people that were on that show I see you and Scott Aukerman out there And there were 30 people on that show People say that to me all the time but they say Jason Menzouga is not Scott Aukerman What happened to the other 28 and I'm like Gentlemen, this is absolutely a fascinating Hey Chip, can you shut it for a second What I have to say is very important What I have to say is Just shut up Shut up You don't know what we're talking about so why don't you just like I feel like I might Shut Because I feel like you and I have this in common I guess I didn't realize it All the time are like of the 30 ZAP cast members Yeah, the precisely 30 What happened to the other 28 because they were They were not the stars that you and Scott were Guys, I know you don't like it when I interrupt But I swear to God Come on man Your face is leaking Please clean it up I can't control that Yeah, people say that to me every day And what's really weird is you and I talk about this every night Right before we go to bed Right And about how weird that is And we comfort each other And we say, you know what?

One of these days we'll figure out exactly what they're talking about I'm itching to get in there and just do what I can to explain to you I swear to God Chip I feel like I swear to God Okay, I think we're pretty much done I've got something to tell you that's very, very important Honorary mayor of Hollywood, Chip I'm going to vote for you Please, well you can vote It is not an elected position But let them know down there at the Chamber of Commerce When you stop by to fuck them Let them know that Chip Gardner sent you And that he would be a fantastic honorary mayor of Hollywood I will do, Chip You know what I feel like also?

Do you dream at night?

You know what?

I never do unless you're talking about the one thing that I dream every night Okay, let me ask you I'm going to count down from three Right?

No, there's no way this is going to work again But I'm going to count down from three And we're going to say exactly what we dream about Okay Okay Are we counting down from three or from one?

I'm counting down from three Down from three The number two will be replaced by the word nose Nose!

Uh oh Okay, got it All right, here we go, ready?

Yeah Three, nose, one, Satanic Megatron Oh, driving the Jeep and Satanic Megatron That's what I dream about every night Yeah You dream about driving the Jeep I dream about driving a Jeep every night I mean, I don't remember owning a Jeep But every night I'm just I'm driving on the Pacific Coast Highway I'm in four-wheel drive And you're angry, I know, you told me about this And then I go over a bump and I'm elated Right, and you don't know how to deal with those feelings of elation No So you hurt yourself I hurt myself I begin cutting myself Hammond style Yeah, boy Hammond the organ Hammond organ, Hammond B3 Yep Yep, Jimmy Smith Well, guys, we'll never get to the bottom of this No, I really think we can The bottom is really within reach Shut up, shut up What I want to do is Oh, I couldn't really explain it What I want to do is I want to go to our final feature on the show Because we're just about out of time here And I want to go to a little thing If you're ready, Cyrus A little thing called Plugs Oh, God Well, you never play my Plugs song And it makes me want to die Every week I work my ass off But you've never chosen mine Dear Scott Ockerman and friends There is just one thing you should know You can take your What's Up hot dog And just shove it up your hole This probably will be the time Very aggressive song That you will choose my song Because this took the least of effort I feel like I've been a bad boy And I deserve to be treated like this So I'll shut up and I'll let you Talk about your stupid lives But if this song isn't chosen I'll pour acid in my eyes Hail Satan Huh Hail Satan That was by Shawn Michael Smith Called Never Plugged If you have a Plugs theme Go ahead and leave that on the AppropriateThread at EarWolf.com And I'm going to tell you what Jason, why don't we start with you today for Plugs?

Plugs Watch The League on FX And please listen to How Did This Get Made Right here on EarWolf A hilarious podcast about terrible movies And why we love them You've had some great people on recently The director of Punisher, Warzone Oh, Lexi Alexander And then we had Crank 2 writer?

Yep Brian Taylor from Crank 1 and 2 Of Neville Dean and Taylor Coming up Very funny show I think I can announce that Yeah, this comes out I want to plug Okay, first of all, this is very important Starting today, you can go to EarWolf.com And this is all for charity You can get the complete Comedy Bang Bang Christmas collection Which is every Christmas song We've ever recorded over the past three years We're going to sell that in one big package For 20 bucks Ooh, hello What the hell just happened?

Very amateurish What the hell just happened?

I don't think I've ever done that You spin up all over the microphone You just burped What is going on?

In the middle of my plug, too How can anyone take it seriously?
