---
layout: page
title: 132. David Wain,Margret Cho,James Adomian,Grant Lee Phillips [9805⧸21015].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Actor, writer, director, how can one man have so many jobs? David Wayne is here on the show.

Also, first time on the show, Margaret Cho along with Grant Lee Phillips. They're both here, they're gonna do songs, they're gonna do music, and an old friend drops by. I don't want to spoil who it is, but all of that and more, all on today's...

A friendly reminder that Tom Hanks still doesn't care about your asthma.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. That, of course, is a catchphrase submitted by Steve. Just Steve.

Thank you, Steve, for that submission. Still. Still. You know what Tom Hanks told me at a party one time? Oh, already. No, listen, listen. Here we go. He came up to me really confiding, and he told me, you know, my grandmother's Chinese. He's like, you know what? I'm part Chinese. I can see that. And I'm like, everything makes sense now. Yeah. Did you end up saying like, we've gotta go to a bar and just go over this? But he was really, like, it was a secret. Like, it was like weird.

He's like, no, come here, come here, come here, come here. My grandmother's Chinese.

Well, the woman who is also Chinese that is talking right now... No, you're not Chinese.

Great. I'm not Chinese. I want to introduce... God, I gotta wrangle control of this show right from the top. We have, of course, Margaret Cho, first time on the show. She is the person in whom you can confide all of your Asian relatives. Asian relative secrets. Why is it a secret though? Like, why do you have to come to me in private? It's an ancient Chinese secret that he has.

I mean, what if Rita Wilson found out? It would be disastrous.

Was he like, please don't tell Rita? No, he was just like, you know, I just, my grandmother's Chinese. You heard his voice just one millisecond ago, but actor, writer, director David Wayne is here. Celebrate you're in town because of Children's Hospital, one would assume. Yes, and Wainy Days. We shot Wainy Days, my web series here, which they're going to be all the whole new slew of episodes coming out very soon. Yeah, we don't do plugs at the top of the show. No, I'm saying that's what I'm doing here. I would never tell you where or when it's all happening. And also first time a right Chrissy Cross across from me. Yeah. He's a musician.

Chrissy Cross are here with their backwards clothes. Hello, guys. If you belong in New York City.

I don't think that's the Chris Cross that we were talking about. I know. How did he become two young guys with backwards clothes? How did he branch off into another... He rebranded. I like that. He reinvented himself. He jumped, he jumped. You know him from the band Grant Lee Phillips and also from his solo work, Grant Lee... No, wait, I messed that up. Backwards. Yeah, right. The individual version is Grant Lee Phillips. Yes. The band version is Grant Lee Buffalo. Yeah, Grant Lee Buffalo. Sorry, I had a stroke there. Sorry. That's all right. But welcome to the show.

We've performed on shows together before in the Ebbing's Halloween show several times.

Right, yeah. But this is your first time on this program. Sorry, are we boring you, David? No, no, no. I was thinking about this.

I'm a big fan of Wilson Phillips. Ah, right. And Wilson, the volleyball who worked with Tom Hanks.

Rita Wilson. Do you think when he filmed Cast Away, he was crying Wilson because he imagined Wilson to be his wife, Rita Wilson?

Maybe. Oh, that's deep. Actor's secret. No one asked him about that on the press junket. No, that's really deep though. Margaret, you should call him.

I'm gonna ask him about it. I'm gonna get on my Chinese phone.

Oh, it's ringing. I knew he had Chinese blood in him because he's so enterprising.

Welcome to the show, first timers, and welcome back to the show, David.

Thank you. I'm honored to be here a second time.

Yes, you are our first second time guest. That's not true.

No, it's not true. You have the same people every week.

Hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute.

That sounds like an insult. But Margaret and Grant, how do you know each other? Why are you here together? What is happening? I notice one of you has a guitar. I'm not gonna spoil who.

Well, no. We met at Largo. Largo is a club in Los Angeles.

Yeah, we met a long time ago, like 94. I've been a big fan of Grant Lee Buffalo and Grant Lee Phillips forever, and so it was exciting to meet him. And then, you know, I would always go to like the Neil Finn shows. He would be playing with them and stuff in the newer shows and then also John Bryan shows. So I was there constantly in the 90s and now till today. And Grant helped me make my album, Show Dependent, where the DVD is coming out now.

Now, wait a second here.

What?

We don't do plugs at the top of the show.

It's not really a plug, but that's how we...

No, it's not. We're talking about it.

How we... What we met.

Did the album... Is the album coming out?

The album was out and it was nominated for a Grammy. I made the album with Grant and John, Bryan and...

And Tom Hanks.

Tom Hanks in China. And then we did it.

And so the album is all... Is mainly music or...?

It's all music. It's a comedy record. But it's all like songs. Like, just, you know, it's kind of... Like I wanted to make this record that was kind of beautiful music because I know so many great musicians, but I also wanted to make funny songs too, because it would be weird to not do funny songs.

So you would say your music...

Largo is like the LA music comedy nexus place.

Yeah. Yeah.

Great interjection. Thank you.

Well, I'm just... Because a lot of people are probably from other places and don't understand this. And I'm from New York and I'm just... I realize that now.

Yeah.

I don't care if anyone's from a place other than LA or New York. Do you find that to be true?

I did until I had heard last night at a dinner that people had been traveling around the country and they found places like... In other cities that have cool bookstores and stuff. So now I realize that it's worth exploring in between.

But we have an Amazon these days. You know, like the internet is a cool bookstore.

That's a good point.

Oh, that Amazon.

Now I'm back to...

Not the Amazon.

In the rainforest.

So you guys do music together. But why here? Why now? Why today? If not now, when?

Well...

Though, on the flip side.

Well, we do... We actually do a lot of shows at Largo. We're gonna do on Monday... Today.

Tonight. I mean, we were taking this a couple of days before, but...

So then tonight we'll be doing... We're performing at Bob Mould's Tribute at Disney Hall with like Dave Grohl and Ryan Adams will be there and...

And Bob Mould is from a band called Hoosker Doo.

Yeah. We went to that show together, didn't we?

No, we did not.

You and I. We didn't go to... We didn't go to go sugar.

We went to Pulp together back in...

Oh my God, that was such a good show. I thought I was gonna die at that Pulp show.

You almost passed out, I remember.

That's the only show that I actually thought I was scared because we were near the stage and then my feet were not...

You were near the stage. I was hanging out in the back.

Oh, you weren't next to me?

Okay, well...

What happened?

We should... I mean, we should acknowledge the fact that we used to know each other in the 90s.

We still know each other.

You dated?

We still know each other.

We...

Well, no, we still know each other.

We still know each other.

But I also knew him... I've known him for a long time too.

That's right. We knew... We knew each other.

I've known Scott since he was a waiter at Chin Chin and then when you kept saying that you were working so much, I was like, why does he take so many shifts at Chin Chin?

In my mind, I was like, he's still...

Because he wanted to meet you.

He's a baby. Child.

Thank you.

But yeah, we knew each other and we used to go to shows together and that was the...

What other shows? We went to Hull? Did we go to Hull? Did we go to Hull?

What other shows did we go to? We went to a bunch of shows. We went to some weird Orange County shows.

Did we? Yeah, I don't really remember what we went to.

But I know Pulp. Pulp was the one that was really scared.

Yeah.

I was actually like, I got to breathe. I could see white people die.

You can see white people die?

No, I can see white people die at shows because the crush of...

And then at that point, Pulp was so amazingly huge and Jarvis Cocker, I don't think he had come to America before.

No, this was their first tour. This is right after Common People and the different class tour and it was at the Diamond Club where a lot of the LA comedy scene, the Mr. Show type shows kind of sprung out of. We used to do comedy shows there a lot.

But they also had concerts every once in a while, including Prince Paul who I saw with Brian Poseyne once. I went to go see a Prince Paul show.

Okay, now let me ask your opinion on this. The ticket says 7.30 show.

What time do you expect Prince Paul to go on?

7.30.

You expect it, really, right?

I think so because I go see... Well, when you go see Elvis Costello, when it says eight o'clock on the ticket, he actually does go on at eight.

Yeah.

But for a rap show, they tend to, a hip hop show, they tend to go on a little late. David, what would your...

All I know is that I got out of the going to shows scene around the time that I was born, but also even more so when I got married and then had children and so...

Now you just go to cool bookstores.

Well, then randomly my wife and I bought tickets to see this band in New York and we're like, oh, it's great. It's a 7.30 show so we can go and then have dinner afterwards at about 8.30.

And we got there very hungry. And so we realized the warm up band doesn't even come on till nine o'clock. We left before the whole thing even started. It was really pathetic.

Oh, and what band was that?

Iron and Wine. It was Iron and Wine.

Oh, they're a good band.

No, they're great. That's why I wasn't embarrassed to say it.

But no, Prince Paul, okay, 7.30 on the ticket, we left at 2.15. He hadn't gone on yet.

Oh my God.

2.15 in the morning. It's no good. You can't do that, right?

Well, Jarvis' cover was kind of pretty late too. That started late and then everybody was so rushing the stage to see him. And then remember how he held the microphone? He was holding it like this and then he...

Like a hangman's noose sort of from the top.

Then he lifted it up with his hand.

Like he was...

The back of the... Not the palm, but the back of the hand.

The back of his hand so that it was lifting it to his lips.

Like it was so the most...

No one has ever done it exactly that way before.

No, never. And it was so... And I remember you went, oh my God. And then you were...

Because I'm fascinated with the way people in bands hold microphones because I think comedians should do it the same way. Because like Liam Gallagher, I'm doing what Liam Gallagher does. He does the entire show like this. I've taken the mic up as far as it can go.

And he talks way up into the air so all you can see is his chin.

And it sounds so different.

It sounds so different. I always wonder why. There are no comedians who ever perform like this.

That's the best posture for the tambourine though. You get a better tambourine sound when you... If you can just...

And then you can punch Noah.

Your body's like a crane or a swan.

I am the tambourine comic, as you know.

I would like to do standup comedy with a microphone that they have in a Broadway show where it's a little thing that goes down your forehead.

Down the forehead. Not around the side like Janet Jackson, but down the forehead.

Down the forehead and like right somehow...

And they put a little skin flap over it or...

Right.

And then they blend it in with makeup.

Yeah, and it's like part of your wig.

Ew.

Now guys, do you know each other? Did you guys know each other in the 90s? Any of...

No, I knew you.

Faces I recognize.

I saw you from Stella and then I met you before that as I knew Michael Showalter.

Oh, you dated him too?

Out here. No. But I knew... And then like I...

You performed in our nightclub show at Fez in New York.

Yeah, I was there at Fez and then I was around kind of like Luna Lounge and I was also like around like Laura Milligan's house and stuff and...

Sure, sure.

You know, like we would always see Tom Lennon.

And Janine in that whole world.

And Janine in that whole world. So I was there. I was like David Cross's house.

There is another coast of comedy.

I know you're from Laura Milligan's house.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

This is really regional now. It's not just LA.

It's so original.

Yeah, now you're getting into Laura Milligan's house.

Well, it's like yeah, that...

Laura's house?

And then the house before maybe on Curzon, the one that...

Craig Barron used to live in?

Yeah, I lived there too.

Oh, I remember that house.

Oh, you used to live there?

I lived there too.

Hey, if anybody's listening from that house, give us a call.

Switchboards are lighting up right now.

Janine lived there. Greg lived there. Laura Keitlinger lived there.

Jerry Finnelli lived there.

It sounds like an evening at the Uncabaret.

Yeah.

A lot of people that people don't know.

That's a Ken Burns documentary to be made.

That is. Is that how...

Margaret Jo. 1985.

Where she lived.

1992.

So you guys are going to play some songs that you are going to do from the Bob Mould show.

We can play our Bob Mould song that we're going to do for the song book show.

Okay, so you're going to be playing this tonight at the Bob Mould show, so this is kind of a sneak peek.

Yeah, it's a practice and I... yeah.

Does he know about this?

Huh, Bob?

Is this a surprise?

No, he knows he picked the song.

We had actually talked about doing Hoover Dam, which I know you like that song.

And then he preferred this one because this is actually my favorite anyway.

And can you say what the song is?

This is your favorite thing from File Under Easily Listening, which is a great Sugar album.

I really love this band, Sugar is amazing.

That's the band he went into after Husker Du.

I grew up worshiping Husker Du.

I played in bands that played Husker Du songs.

Really, you just kind of did a little air guitar there.

Well, yeah, that explains the Husker Du aesthetic.

These lyrics are hard to learn, so I brought the paper.

This is an audio medium, no one's going to know.

Well, then you know about it.

I mean, you know I'm good at learning lyrics, but I just...

Wait, how would I know that?

If you want to backpedal, you can just say, I brought the newspaper.

You know my... what?

You could just say, I brought the newspaper.

I brought the newspaper.

And this song is based on some of the stories in the newspaper.

You know I've always wanted to be in a band.

I tried to start a band when we were going out.

I do know that, but how would I know?

We knew each other in the 90s.

I tried to start a band then, but then I couldn't really do it, but I was going to do like, I remember it was like a Nick Lowe cover band.

It was going to be all Nick Lowe covers.

Nick Lowe, who we had on the show recently.

How was that?

It was fantastic.

It was a great pleasure sitting across the table from him, but it is an even greater pleasure to have the two of you.

And let's hear the song that you're going to sing at the Bob Mould show, Your Favorite Thing.

How about you every night?

Something tells me that's not right.

I wouldn't mind, I wouldn't mind.

Not at all.

I'm stuck inside my head again.

Hoping life isn't right.

I wouldn't mind.

Life is just you ignore.

And I can't take you anymore.

I wouldn't mind, I wouldn't mind.

The wait is going in.

I keep waiting, waiting patiently.

What do I need to do?

Do anything you want me to?

Still out of the case in your room.

Alone with all your other favorite things.

Now that I'm your favorite thing.

Let's see what the future brings, I wouldn't mind.

I can't tell you what's been happening.

I don't know, I don't, I wouldn't mind.

I wouldn't mind, not at all.

Tell me I'm your favorite thing.

Let's see what the future brings.

Dream about you every night.

Something tells me that's not right.

Stuck inside my head again.

Hoping that this never ends.

I don't know, I don't know.

The song that we used on our old show, The State, back in the 90s.

I remember a sketch called Toothbrush.

Something about that show.

Yes, and we thought we were cool in finding something interesting and alt at the time.

And how does it feel, Low, these 15 years later, to be sitting in a room?

I'm not Nick Low.

You meant how does it feel, David, these 15 years later?

To play, of which you are a master.

Thank you.

That was beautiful, thank you so much, guys.

That was fantastic.

And you know what I want to do to kind of loosen everything up here and just kind of, you know, you guys ever go to a party where people are playing party games?

Sure.

Or parlor games, as they are sometimes known?

Yeah.

Or play a little game to kind of, where we would get to know each other a little better.

You know what I'm saying?

I play a lot of parlor games at home by myself.

Really? In your own parlor?

Yeah. Sometimes if I'm just, you know, once I'm done reading in the study, I'll just go down to the parlor.

Play a game of Mastermind with yourself?

Then I'll head back into the study.

This is a game that we like to call What Am I Thinking?

It's a scary game.

It's spooky.

Alright.

Is it a silent game?

That's the theme song, and I would thank you to not speak during it.

Oh, I didn't know.

This is, of course, What Am I Thinking?

And what I want to do is I want everyone to pick who they probably know the least here in the room.

Who do you know the least?

Okay.

Well, you can't pick me, Margaret.

Because you and I knew each other in the 90s.

I knew you all in the 90s.

So, everyone is picking David.

I would say Grant, you and I.

Okay. Alright, yeah.

So, and then Margaret, you and David.

That's fine.

That's acceptable to me.

You accept those terms?

Yes.

Can I tell David what I always thought about him for some reason?

I do, but you know, I always thought you had a really nice body, and I always wondered if you were a secret yoga instructor.

Secret yoga instructor.

Probably at the time that I knew you.

Yeah.

I had a moment in my life for about a year when I was a big Ashtanga yogi.

That's what it is, because I saw you one time, and you were doing these kind of stretches, and I was like, oh my god, that guy has a hot body.

Like a vision, you mean?

No, no, no, I saw him like, we were doing a show, probably Stella.

It's so weird.

We were doing stretches, and I was like, that guy does so much yoga, his body's hot.

I did at that time, because I had no job.

Yeah, you did a lot of yoga, and then you also had a pretty, like, beautiful collarbones.

Oh my god.

I'm getting a boner, weirdly.

Would you say yoga is something which only the poor perform?

Yes.

The poor do yoga because they don't have jobs.

Okay.

This is my, you can read about it on my politics blog.

Yeah.

All right, so what this game is is why don't we say David and Margaret plays first, and I'll orchestrate the game.

Okay.

You guys each separately think of a word in your head.

Oh yes, we did this last time.

Yes, you played on this on the show, but you each think of a word, you both say to each other three, two, one in unison, and then you say the word that you are separately thinking.

Ostensibly, you will say a different word, and then you will each think of the word that both of those two separate words have in common in your head, and you'll say three, two, one, and each say the word until you both say the same word at the same time.

That sounds fun.

Pretty fun, right?

My friend James Adomian and I did this in two moves, I believe, once.

No, the record is my wife and I did it in one move.

We said the same word at the same time.

Because your wife and you speak each other's unspoken thoughts.

No, we were talking about the thing we were looking at.

We both said hill on a road trip.

That's pretty clear, right?

I'll walk you through it.

Each of you think of a word.

Do you have a word locked in?

Yes.

You're locked in, Mags?

I'm going to ask you to say three, two, one together in unison and then say the word.

Sorry, I'm going to have to interrupt.

Margaret, I'm going to need you to say three, two, one along with David in unison.

Three, two, one, cranberry.

Cranberry and flip-flop. Interesting.

Cranberry and flip-flop.

Those things must have something in common.

Think of whatever that word is.

Lock it into your brains.

Do you both have something?

David has a pained expression on his face.

Cranberry and flip-flop.

Wait a minute.

It's coming to me.

You just can't say the word that you just said.

Understood.

We're going to make a new rule.

You can't say a word that has been said.

Copy that.

You are my good buddy, aren't you?

On the air.

Do you each have a word?

Are you locked in?

Three, two, one, popsicle.

Popsicle and barbecue.

I think we're getting into the same general area here.

Can we do this in three moves?

We'll see. Do you have something locked in?

Popsicle and barbecue.

Here we go.

David?

Three, two, one, ice cream.

I would have said summer myself, but ice cream and summer are not too far off.

Ice cream and summer.

You're not talking about summer redstone.

No, not Sumner.

Sumner.

I used to work for him.

Here we go.

Ice cream and summer.

Three, two, one, temperature.

Baseball and temperature.

You guys are circling around each other.

She's doing a much better job than me.

Baseball and temperature, what could they possibly have in common?

Three, two, one, Don Henley.

Don Henley and what?

She's very creative.

She says Don Henley.

Right, but that makes sense. The boys of summer.

And you say hot.

How does that make you feel?

All right.

Don Henley and hot.

I'm certain that I can think of something that they have in common.

Three, two, one, the heat is on.

That's not bad though. The heat is on because Glenn Fry. I would have said Stevie Nicks if we found Don Henley hot.

All right, so the heat is on and the Eagles, what do they have in common?

Three, two, one, cocaine.

We were so close, David.

You said Glenn Fry, cocaine. But Glenn Fry and cocaine, they have something in common, I bet.

Here we go. We've got to move faster.

Three, two, one, nose.

Smuggler's Blues.

Another great Glenn Fry Miami Vice era track.

What did she say?

Nose and Smuggler's Blues.

Three, two, one, Don Johnson. I didn't say it.

You didn't say something, which means you lose, Margaret.

David, I cannot believe you pulled that one out.

What did you say, by the way?

Don Johnson.

Winning with Don Johnson.

I'm not very good at this. It's my fault for having made her lose.

Grant, you and I are going to play together.

Clear my mind.

Clear your mind and clear your mind.

All right, I have my word locked in.

Do you have your word locked in?

Yes.

All right, here we go. And three, two, one, penthouse. Penthouse and apnea.

Here we go. I'm ready.

Are you ready?

Are you locked in?

Penthouse and apnea.

It should not take this long, nor should you be moaning quite this much.

That's what my wife said.

Wait a minute, when did she say that?

About three years ago.

All right, ready?

Three, two, one, sleep.

Sleep and waterbed.

All right.

Sleep and waterbed.

All right, here we go.

Three, two, one, 70s.

70s and Aquaman.

All right.

Three, two, one, Lyle Wagner.

Kurt Swann and Lyle Wagner.

I'm talking about someone who drew him.

You're talking about someone who portrayed him.

Kurt Swann and Lyle Wagner. What do they have in common? We can't say, all right, but three, two, one, Superman.

All right, Superman and Wonder Woman. What do they have in common? Three, two, one, Justice League. Justice League and capes. Three, two, one, superheroes. Superheroes and Hulk. What do they have in common? Three, two, one, Spider-Man.

Wait a minute, now you're just saying, okay, but that's okay.

First thing that comes to mind, Spider-Man and Waitress. What do they have in common?

Oh, no, I said righteous. Oh, you said righteous?

I might have said the Righteous Brothers if...

Okay, so wait a minute. What was mine?

Spider-Man and Righteous? Spider-Man, yeah, yeah, yeah.

All right, here we go. And three, two, one, responsibility.

Okay, responsibility and crime.

All right, here we go. And three, two, one, burglars. Burglars and civility.

Uh, uh, three, here we go. Three, two, one, commit. Occupation. Commit and occupation. Three, two, one, job. Salt and pepper. Job and salt and pepper. All right, here we go. Ready?

Three, two, one, Spinderella. Spinderella now. Three, two, one, defunct. Snow White.

Defunct and Snow White. Uh, three, two, one, Kristen Stewart.

What did you say? Gilman.

Gilman?

Kristen Stewart and Gilman.

I don't know if we're ever going to get out of this.

We were so close. We started off so close.

All right, Kristen Stewart and Gilman.

All right. Three, two, one, vampire.

Vampire and Patrick Stewart and three, two, one, X-Men. X-Men and Christopher Lee.

Three, two, one, monsters. Monsters and rated X.

Uh, three, two, one, zombie.

I'm just going to stay with Christopher Lee. Ah, I win.

Zombie. I was, of course, thinking of the Italian zombie. I got in the Christopher Lee Sandpit. Z-O-M-B-I, which was rated X. A rated X, uh, yeah, that winner. Thank you very much and that is how we play What Am I Thinking? Ah, God. Brandon, I'm so sorry. I am sorry as well. But David and I are going to be co-champions on that one. Congratulations, by the way.

Thank you. I enjoyed it. I would like to play again sometime.

Uh, I'd love to have you over to my parlor. Oh, great.

You know what I'm saying. Alright, so we have a, tell you what, why don't you guys do another song and then we'll have our special guests come in. What do you say? Are you guys ready to do another song?

I would love to hear another song if you guys have one. Yeah, we do.

We do. Terrific.

That's usually the host's responsibility to say stuff like that.

This one is about Tom Hanks and Grant.

Do people ask you what you are?

Because your eyes and your hair are dark.

Oh, you're not exactly white.

But I can't say you're black.

Your friends say you are polite.

And the girls always call you back.

I wondered what the look on your face meant.

I think you are Asian adjacent.

You might be a Mexican or a Cherokee.

Or perhaps you're just a nice racial holy.

You got one of those faces.

An almond shaped to your eyes.

You could be from lots of places.

Like Alaska or Hawaii.

I wondered what the look on your face meant.

I think you are Asian adjacent.

You are busy, not complacent.

Is it because you are Asian adjacent?

Your emigration must be recent.

Your manners are so, so decent.

Sometimes you speak in a slight accent.

Always eternally young.

You'll never look Asian.

You are racially ambivalent.

Asian adjacent.

I wondered what the look on your face meant.

I think you are Asian adjacent.

I wondered what the look on your face meant.

I think you are Asian adjacent.

You're making pickles in the basement.

Is it because you are Asian adjacent?

Asian adjacent.

Oh yeah.

Is that an original?

That's really good.

Yes.

What kind of pickles?

You're making kimchi.

You're making pickles in the basement.

That was actually a kind of a shout out to Doug.

That was in my own way.

My old friend Doug.

Doug Bins.

Give him a shout out in case he's listening.

I seriously was.

That line is about hum.

I have a friend who, and people have tarred me with this brush myself.

Tarred me with this brush.

That I like Asian girls because of course my wife Cool Up.

We all know her.

Yes.

And I used to know some other people in the 90s.

But my friend Doug.

He's a king.

He's a rice king.

Who?

Doug Benson?

No, no, no.

Doug Bins.

Doug Benson.

And he would always get mistaken for each other.

Like me and Damon Wayans.

Little bully.

Not good.

Always getting on the same auditions.

By the way, we just got some batteries delivered to David here because he has a Korg keyboard.

Or is it Korg or is it Korg?

I don't know.

I found it out in the office here, so who knows?

So he might play us a little something here if it works.

No, no.

I'm just the battery delivery.

This is David Wayans.

Hey, our battery.

Our battery.

Derivior.

But don't forget the rice king.

Doug Bins.

Rice king.

We're in Korea now.

Just.

Making it happen.

In the patty.

He's in.

Yo, how's that in the patty?

He's up in the patty.

You up in the patty?

I do want to introduce our next guest.

We haven't seen him in a while.

We haven't seen him since this summer, I think.

And we know him as the CEO.

Are you the CEO?

Yeah, you know him as CEO, CFO, American Parallel Corporation.

I'm also the founder.

It's not a publicly traded corporation.

It's actually, I am American Apparel.

If you're wearing American Apparel out there, what you're wearing is Dove Charney.

I'm Dove Charney.

Dove Charney is here.

Thanks for coming on the show.

Yeah, welcome, Dove.

I know, I just welcomed myself.

Yeah, and you sort of tried to get people to applaud for you.

Well, you know what?

Honestly, sometimes you have to fucking slap these people around.

And that's what I do.

You know, I came on this summer time.

It was very great.

The appearance here was great for business.

We really had some great numbers on our summer line and everything.

But now, of course, we're approaching holiday shop season and everything.

So what we do is come and punch up some of the numbers, talk to your Wolf listeners out there.

Because you know what?

Everybody knows that holiday shopping stuff, blah, blah, blah.

And what we're saying is American Apparel is still out there.

I want you to fucking remember what we're up to because we're the only people making jobs for this stupid country.

That is one thing that I have to commend you on.

You didn't move to Mexico.

You didn't move all your plants to Mexico.

You do everything here in LA.

Yeah, you know what?

We import, we bring Mexico to Los Angeles.

Before I was doing the American Apparel Factory, nobody ever fucking thought of it.

Everybody always knew, oh, OK, something's going to be affordable.

It's going to be made by Mexicans.

But you know what?

We get to nominally wave an American flag around if we're making it in Los Angeles.

You know what?

That's not easy for me.

You understand the sacrifices I make for that.

You understand I have to abide by these fucking labor laws.

Do you think H&M has these labor laws?

You're going to go out there to buy your little Christmas, whatever the fuck they have at H&M, little colored pink socks and stuff?

They don't have labor laws.

I have to do that.

That's the kind of blood sacrifice I'm making on a fucking daily basis.

Have you never been in an H&M?

No. You know what?

I've only been in an H&M to surveil it for a fucking bombing.

Whoa.

Oh, whoa, whoa.

Hey.

Oh, David.

Whoa.

Did you have the same reaction I had?

Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Whoa.

I can't wait to see that H&M fly off in other directions with the ampersand completely exploding in the middle of it.

Not just anyone can build a sweatshop in the United States.

It's hard, right?

That's what you're saying.

That's what I'm saying.

I mean, it hasn't been done since the Triangle Coatwaist Factory pants or whatever the fuck it was.

Triangle Coatwaist.

Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire in New York many years ago.

They kept it locked from the outside and people got hurt.

That's when labor laws began.

You know what?

We have some great Triangle Shirtwaist that we have in our new winter line.

If you're interested in some Triangle Shirtwaist, we have them in male, female, and everything in between.

Margaret, do you ever shop at American Apparel?

Is that your style?

Yeah, that's my total style.

I'm totally one of those assholes that wears the thigh-high athletic socks.

Oh, yes.

No, the thigh-high.

Do you wear the wool, the poly, or the mix?

All of them.

All different kinds.

It depends on my mood and it depends on whether I wear tight underneath it.

It's disgusting.

I always have a nylon camel toe.

It's so gross.

Whenever I want to wear something tight and about 20 years old, that's what I wear.

Yeah.

You know what?

The nylon camel toe is one of our biggest sellers.

Yeah.

We have racks full of them in every major market except for New Orleans.

Those fucking assholes don't buy it.

Do you have any kind of products coming out here?

You mentioned Thanksgiving.

Black Friday is coming up this Friday.

Do you have anything?

Yeah.

You know what?

What we're doing, we're trying a positive vibe.

American Apparel is what we're doing.

We understand our burden is to drive the American economy.

We are the IBM of the second half of the American story.

So first half was IBM, second half of Charney, American Apparel.

That's true.

I love that you're wearing a price, Margaret.

I'm going to give you a 50% discount on the one next item that you buy.

Oh my gosh.

Thank you.

Just the one.

I'm going to buy a fanny pack.

Oh yeah.

We have gold.

We have gold lace fanny packs and we have some that are palm frond.

They're based on palm frond material.

Do you have something that I could put my hair in a top knot?

Oh yeah, sure.

We have like a relaxed face pusher.

It's unisex.

Yeah, oh perfect.

Wasn't there a thing that you were like fucking the models in the ads?

Listen, pal.

You know what?

I addressed this before and I'm going to address this again.

I'm going to address this in every interview I give.

All the allegations.

Yeah, I would hope so.

That's really what you're known for.

More than American Apparel.

You know, I have a junket tour where I'm just addressing rape charges.

Okay.

Where do I buy tickets?

I'm not promoting American Apparel on it.

I don't think that's right.

I like to keep my interests separate from each other.

Rape charges and then the clothes business.

Separate interests, you know what?

Good point.

I don't want to sully the reputation of American Apparel with what these fucking bitches have come forward and saying.

You know what?

This is not about women.

It's not about hating women.

Some of these are fucking little faggots, okay?

And they have the same opinions and stuff and they're coming at me like, oh, I'm the one.

A little finger here and there.

A little fucking toe now and then.

A little massage that gets out of hand and turns fucking rabid.

What I'm saying is, what I'm saying is we're all fucking creatures with bodies and if you're working with me, I'm a very sensual person, okay?

That's the way I work.

I'm creative.

If I'm going to come up with a brilliant campaign like the fucking American Apparel Thanksgiving Day Parade that we're going to have this week.

I come up with that idea pacing around in a fucking robe, throwing popper kernels all around and doing a lot of fucking math.

He does make a good point though.

If you're a creative person, you're going to be raping people.

If history has taught us nothing.

You know what?

Look at Hermit Cain.

The most creative of all people.

Look at Sandusky.

I mean, this makes sense.

You mentioned the upcoming Macy's Day Parade.

What are you doing with this?

No, not the Macy's Day Parade.

Listen, Scott, okay?

Okay.

I'm so sorry.

I don't know how I offended you, but somehow I did.

Look, okay.

Macy's, all right, you listen.

Macy's, they're a business model.

If you want to dress and you want to look like a fucking desk walking around, you wear Macy's, okay?

If you want to look like business fucking uptight, like you've got a fucking typewriter in your fucking asshole, wear Macy's, all right?

Okay.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

You know what?

What I'm pushing on you people is what's really going to fucking liberate you.

If you look decent, if you're living the American lifestyle, if you're being environmentally blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, then you're going to reflect that in the world around you.

So what we're going to do is we're going to occupy Thanksgiving, and we're going to have a competing parade.

Competing parade?

We're being suppressed by the media.

It's not going to have any media coverage.

What we're going to do is we're going to have our own camera presence, and we're going to have our own floats, and we are going to intersect with the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, and we're going to try to crash it off course with our own American Pout thing.

What are the parts to your parade?

I mean, when I think of parades, I think of marching bands.

I think of floats.

Grant, you agree with that?

That was the word I was going to say, floats, and I would have won that.

I saw it coming.

We'll play again, buddy.

Will we?

I hope.

Yeah, we will.

Yeah, we're going to have a marching band.

We're going to have a marching band.

It's a high school band.

They'll all be all nude.

Wait, wait, wait, back up.

Back up marching band?

Yeah, just to show off the footwear and the hair.

Just to make contrast, but yeah, we're going to have a marching band.

We're going to have floats.

We're not going to have fucking Garfield, that little asshole.

We're not going to have fucking Garfield.

What we're going to do is we're not going to have the peanuts thing.

You know what?

We're grownups.

We live real life.

What we're going to have is giant floats of... We're just going to have giant floats of fucking boobs, disembodied boobs.

I'm going to have a... I'm going to have...

Wait, wait, wait.

Before you continue.

I'm going to have a flower parade.

I'm going to have a flower float that's just flowers and it's basically going to be a woman bent over a fucking couch.

Oh yeah.

When you say disembodied boobs, do you mean boobs that have been cut off of a person?

Yeah, like a Carney ride.

So you're actually going to take boobs that have... It's like the bodies exhibit.

You're taking boobs that have actually been cut off.

You're not talking...

And then turn them into a float.

You're not talking about ghost boobs.

These aren't giant.

These aren't giant floats.

I'm taking floats and I'm making them human scale, human size, just like I do with American Apparel.

Oh, little floats.

I'm sizing floats for real people.

For today.

Not these fucking fatty floats that are for people in Iowa or whatever.

I'm making floats for people who are in real cities like New York, like Vancouver.

Instead of Garfield, it's just a life-size actual stuffed dead cat.

Right.

Yeah.

You know what?

We're going to fill them with fucking helium and float them up there.

Hopefully, yeah, he's orange or whatever to get the kids involved, get the kids on board.

What we're doing is making fucking entertainment in the streets for people.

That's what American Apparel's promise is.

You know what?

You're thinking, oh, this is... Who's going to... It's disgusting.

How are you going to get it?

You know what?

I have people.

American Apparel... The people who work for me are loyal.

Some of them have H-1B visas.

They have no other way to stay in the country.

They're going to be listening to everything I tell them.

There will be a parade march.

We don't need a fucking permit for it.

I have the goons.

They are going to make this parade happen.

Where did you get goons these days?

Whoa.

Hey, we won.

What am I thinking?

I see.

I inspire this.

I just find it so hard.

I'm always in the market for a better goon.

Well, you know, one of the things... You know what?

Honestly, big fan.

Big fan of three fourths of everything you've done.

I think if you're looking for goons, best thing is to find an intern.

You're going to screen people for vulnerability.

You're going to want to see their down to fuck level.

That's usually what I do.

I promote from the intern pool.

Yeah.

What you want to do is have...

Bill Clinton, right?

Bill Clinton?

Right, because Bill Clinton did the whole thing where he fucked the intern.

With a...

Cigar.

Nettie Pot.

With a Nettie Pot.

Who hasn't fucking done that?

Who hasn't fucking tipped a bitch over, poured a Nettie Pot into a pussy, and seen it drain everything out the asshole side?

Oh my goodness.

I'm so good, I can pour a hot fucking chai tea into a 22-year-old boy's foreskin, and I can see it pour out his fucking throat upside down.

That's hot.

And you can read his fortune from that.

Not only can I read his fortune, I can tell you exactly what the numbers are going to be in the Boulder, Colorado, 14 store.

I do a lot of psychic readings, like a Roman general.

That's useful only to you.

I do the same thing with a chocolate chip frappuccino.

Margaret, questions for Dove?

Well, my frustration with American apparel is how come all those things are so small?

Yeah.

I mean, we're normal...

You know, Margaret, don't, don't, don't do that.

Don't, don't...

You know, when I was on board with your whole thing, it looks like you're wearing some of it now.

I am, but I'm wearing an extra, extra, extra large.

And like, I'm, I'm a really small person, so how come I...

Extra large, ew.

It's like actually extra, it's like a double... I'm wearing actually your plus size line, because I can't even fit into...

Ew, that's disgusting.

And I wear children's clothes.

You might as well, you might as well, you might as well go to the Louvre, take the Mona Lisa and fucking bend it into an oblong shape or something.

Yeah.

I'm giving you, I'm giving you art objects, and if you're stretching them out, and this is not you, you know what, I fucking love you.

And I'm like, I really, I deeply respect you in saying, but what you're doing is you're, there's kids out there listening, what you understand is, when you have a microphone, there's kids listening and they're going to wear this, and they're going to think, oh, I need to look like a fucking fat fuck, like my dad or something.

I don't want anybody looking like a dad.

Wow.

If you're a dad out there, I want you in a fucking prison camp.

My goodness.

Wow.

Oh my God.

Well, why are you, why are you making jazz shoes?

That's the other thing that I have some issues with.

Great question.

Why do you have to make some jazz shoes?

Why do you make the jazz shoes?

Why do you make a shoe with no heel if you're going to make those kind of like...

I've thought about that a lot.

Because when I want, when I have...

There's no arch support.

Doug, I'm sorry to interject.

Sometimes you don't want a heel.

But...

Really, David?

Exactly.

Really, David?

Sometimes if I'm feeling very cash, I'll go out without a heel.

Okay.

Not even one inch.

Not even a one inch pump.

No, not even one inch, and then that's, that's why I stop over at AA.

That's a yoga thing though, right?

Some of us, some of us don't want the sound of people like clacking around in our lives.

You know what?

I have a lot of people in my life.

I have a lot of people attending to me at all times.

So instead of a clack, clack, clack, you'd rather hear...

What I want, I want to be surrounded by fucking people padding around like a sultan or like Kubla Khan or something.

I want people to sound like they're in a harem at all times.

In the factory, in my corporate meetings.

I want people sounding like at any time we could just fuck.

Every day is casual Friday at your shop, right?

Yeah.

You know what?

Yeah.

Informally, informally.

We understand we have to...

We use the Gregorian calendar for business purposes.

But internally within American Apparel, yeah, every day is Friday.

I don't understand how... Oh, sorry.

I think your voice sounds like you're in a harem.

I do.

It is kind of a harem voice.

It is, definitely.

I'm the favorite.

You know, why do you sell dumb pieces of fabric and act like that's clothes?

You would sell a three yard piece of a remnant.

Yeah, just a sock.

Why would you... How dare you do that?

That's not a scarf.

That's not a belt.

What do you mean how dare I do that?

That's not a belt.

It's not a pashmina.

No, don't act like...

It's a one size pig buckle.

It's not a belt.

If I'm selling a belt, I might as well be... You know what?

I might as well be a Uniqlo, which is nothing but bullshit.

Those fucking things all over New York City.

If I'm going to sell you a pair of pants, Jesus fucking Christ, you should hang me.

Hang me in public while I'm jacking off.

Oh, really?

Why'd you throw that in?

You know what?

If anybody's ever going to come after me, I want to be hanging in public while I jack off.

I think a lot of people are going to come after you.

Can you meet here tomorrow at 9 a.m. and we'll get that rolling?

David, where do you shop?

I notice you're wearing a nice plaid...

This shirt, quite honestly, I believe was taken from my high school theater department when I was 18.

Really?

From the trunk.

These pants are jeans that I stole from the Wanderlust wardrobe.

Wanderlust is, of course, a movie coming out very soon.

I'm liking your vibe.

Yeah.

I think I might want you to be down to model something.

Yeah, if you don't mind me having my shirt off.

No, I would want your shirt off, but I'd want to probably cap you in some kind of cute cut woodcutter shawl or something.

Yeah.

I also have gold caps on my dick, so I don't want to...

That's fine.

We have boner sleeves.

We have boner sleeves that can cover that up.

The shoes, though, were bought by my wife for me because she was tired of me wearing the same shoes every day for five years.

We would have to wear ancient Greek sandals for the shoot.

But I think what I want would be a fake American Apparel model name because I never like people's names.

I find Christian names, first name, last name, I find them fucking bullshit.

I mean, you have Dove Charney.

First of all, it doesn't even sound like a real thing.

Neither are real.

No, it sounds like a species or something.

And I am a fucking species above Homo sapiens, okay?

I think my model name could be Davy Zoom.

Oh, I like that.

That's beautiful.

Davy Zoom, yeah, I'm going to make up a biography for you.

Okay, I'd love to hear it.

It's like you're an ex or something.

Make it a paperback.

What's the biography?

Because this is how you do your catalog, right?

You make up biographies.

Yeah, you know what?

We bought a bunch of ad space in LA Weekly and stuff in Village Voice, so I want to have something where it's like...

What was your awful...

Davy Zoom.

Davy Zoom, yeah.

Wait, why all of a sudden it's awful?

You were just saying you liked it.

Yeah, if something's awful, it's awesome.

Oh, I get it.

If something's vicious, it's kind.

You know what I mean?

It's like fucking extremes.

Davy Zoom.

Davy Zoom, we met him in our Nairobi, Kenya store.

He has interests that include sidewalks, pining, and street fairs.

Sidewalks, pining, and street fairs.

It seems like he could do all of those interests at the same time.

Yeah.

He's an Iraqi refugee, and he's a percussionist for a bluegrass band.

Yes.

And he works in our fucking Portland, Oregon store.

Can you curse that much in the advertisements?

You know what I do, and that's how I lay it down, and then I pull somebody over, and they white out the curse words.

Have you thought about doing an American Apparel branded Hooters-esque restaurant?

Oh, I would love to see that.

I'm not a fan of food.

I hate food.

I only eat it because I have to, but what I do want to do is have American Apparel Airlines.

That would be good.

American Apparel Lines.

Well, you know, you could just buy American Airlines jets and you would only have to erase some of the letters because it's the same font and the same first word.

Exactly. We stole the whole font and the whole idea for American Airlines originally.

So all we need to do is get an FAA license and get some pilots.

I have a secret training center where I'm training pilots and stuff.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, back up.

You have a secret training center where you're training pilots. What kind of pilots?

What's the address of that place?

I'm not going to tell you the address, but look, we're going to make our presence known when we have our Thanksgiving Day Parade.

Wait, hold on, hold on. What kind of pilots are you talking about? I've heard of secret training centers where they train pilots.

Look, all I'm saying is that American Apparel needs a presence in the air because you have Macy's in the Gap fucking doing, if it's the holiday season, they're going to be doing their advertising everywhere.

We're going to take to the skies. We're going to be skywriting. We have a presence. Land, sea, air. American Apparel, you can't get away from us. We have full...

There's no kind of plan.

Full systemic grid information matrix. That's what we're operating right here.

There's no kind of plan. I've heard about these plans that involve Air Force One and engaging Air Force One in some capacity.

What we want to do is we want to intercept Air Force One and force the government to support American Apparel and stop harassing us.

This sounds more like an overthrow.

It's not really pilot season.

No, I'm not.

Hey, David, hold on. I know you joke around a lot.

It took me a while to construct that.

I know you're on your typewriter this whole interview.

That really worries me because I don't think that you should have...

Yeah, it shouldn't worry you. You should relax. You should relax. Relax a little bit. It hurts more if you fight it, Scott.

You shouldn't have some sort of paramilitary organization that you're training to overthrow the government.

Look, these are starving kids. These are starving kids who've come to be hungry for jobs.

Hungry for jobs? Hungry for food? Hungry for cock?

You molest them, it sounds. Wait a second. They're not hungry for anything but food.

Yes, they are. They eat my cock. That means they were hungry for cock.

No, sir. No, sir.

Are you arguing with nature? You're arguing with nature, Scott.

Nature is not you forcing a young boy's mouth onto your disgusting and gorky cock.

You know what? I've never forced a young boy's mouth onto anything. They force my dick into their mouth.

You are a monster.

I'm a monster? You know what? Well, guess what? Monsters are what save this.

You don't know what you're talking about.

I don't know what I'm talking about. You, sir, do not know what you're talking about.

Oh, suddenly. I tell you what. Cut it. I'm going to...

Go! I want your opinion here! Operation Go!

Wait, Operation Go? I'm going to gas this place.

Whoa, come on, man. Let's not go that far. I know we had some words.

Look, I have my floats. My floats are going to be full of gas on Thanksgiving.

All the ducks just opened. He's gassing the place.

Damn it!

Oh, well. Let's just stay here.

I haven't been in something like this since the 40s.

I have to commend you for having...

Yes, for having...

I have to commend you for having ducks here in your studio.

Thank you so much. Yeah, we like to keep it clean.

Ash, it's all over again.

Dove, I'm frightened by you, but can you stick around?

Yeah, you know what? I have a gas mask here.

Do you want to keep the segment going?

We're getting very, very sleepy. Actually, I want to cut to another song.

If you apologize and agree to suck my cock, I can give you a gas mask so you can survive this.

Come on, man. Tell you what, why don't we take a commercial and then we'll do a song.

No, no, no. Is that how it works?

Look, you got to pay the bills.

You know what? Bills come in. What do you do? You going to throw them away?

No, you got to run the spots. My father was in the radio business his whole life, and his boss said, Norman, run more spots.

The devil you say. And then money comes in.

Well, why don't we run one of those aforementioned spots?

But by the way, can I just mention some of your listeners?

It's not time to skip ahead when you hear that sometimes commercials are really interesting.

Tell you what, why don't we do this? We'll do the song, and then we'll run the spot, and then we'll come back.

Whatever you want. That's a better way to go.

Whatever the hell you want.

So why don't we hear the song? What is this going to be? Is this off your new record?

This is off the record, and it's called, well, we'll sing it.

Okay, just sing it.

And this is off the record?

This is off, well, it's on the record.

David, you are so naughty.

Do you guys mind if I rub one out while you're singing?

Please do.

Alright, awesome.

It's appropriate.

I'll join you.

Please play, wait, go play with us.

Me three, Pio.

If you can, it's pretty, well, you can hear it, maybe.

Oh yeah, that chorus again.

I think we should do whatever that would be after the break.

Okay, yeah, we'll do that. Great.

The first time I saw you, I was in love.

Like a poison arrow shot from above.

I said I don't know what this is, but let's keep talking.

Our love relaxed, and it was walking together.

It's been a while, you lost that brightness in your smile.

You say you need to work on you.

Well, let me suggest what you can do.

Oh, you can eat shit and die.

Don't ask me why your love is a lie.

There's no you and I.

So you should try to eat shit and die.

You stole my future and then you wrecked my past.

How could I think that this would last?

I forgave your faults.

I forgave your snore.

I forgave your interest in tranny halls.

I hung on every word you said.

Now my heart is ripped to shreds.

I know how to make amends.

I'm gonna fuck your friends.

I put all my dreams on you.

Have a bowl of number two.

And you can eat shit and die.

Don't ask me why your love is a lie.

There's no you and I.

So you should try to eat shit and die.

You are the king of duds.

Proudly wear the crown.

So go ahead and paint some brown.

Eat shit and die.

Don't ask me why your love is a lie.

There's no you and I.

So you should try to eat shit and die.

Eat shit and die.

Nice.

You don't really mean that, do you?

No, I'm not.

Dedicated to Abercrombie and Fitch.

Alright, let's take a break, guys, when we come back more to this.

Alright, we are back and...

Wait, let's take a break.

No, we took that break.

Oh, boy.

So, David, you have the keyboard in front of us.

I know, but I don't know how it works.

I was gonna figure it out during the break.

What do you mean?

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

Eat shit and die.

Yeah, that's good.

Eat shit and die.

It's a remix.

I would love to hear you guys improvise a song together.

What do you say?

Do you need us...

Oh, fuck, yeah.

I don't know that I met you, Dove, but yeah, join in if you want.

Yeah, hold on.

Yeah, I'm great.

I'm fucking the best.

I lay down tracks.

I do all the songs for American Apparel stores.

Grant, Margot, I think you guys are fucking great.

I wanted to see if you guys wanted to, like, maybe, like, I'll offer you a gig, like, if you want to, like, be in some cages at, like, one of my flagship stores in, like, Tokyo or London and just sing your songs.

Oh, we were just in a cage.

We were just in a cage.

Yeah, we were just in a cage.

You'll be well fed.

Oh, no, no, we were just...

Margaret has a cage.

We did a video for Agent and Jason and Grant was in a cage.

Yeah.

Oh, really?

There's a video for that?

Yeah, but this one you wouldn't be able to get out of.

It's a really chinky video and then Grant was in a cage.

Is it on the DVD or is it...?

It's not on the DVD.

The microns are...

So don't buy that DVD then.

No, but...

If you're interested in the video, do not buy the DVD.

Yeah, starve them out.

Make them get in my cage.

I like the cage.

He's in a cage.

Guys, do you need subject matter for this song that you're going to improvise together?

No.

Okay.

I mean, no.

Yeah.

Winter clothes that look good.

Here we go.

Winter clothes.

It's really cold outside.

I need to put something on that looks really good, but not like really bad.

What should I do?

I need a jacket or maybe a coat that's made of something that's not an animal something I need Unisex I need some winter clothes, something that looks real good Something that will make me look like an American apparel model Look, I'm 14 with anorexia and my father molested me and I got some problems So I went to Dove Cotton pink handcuffs That's what I need to go to Dove for some winter clothing Fly to Dove, fly to Dove, look at me wee when you have your cranberry I want a unitard Hey Dove, stop looking at me She's on a unitar Hey Dove, you're really creeping me out right now You stop looking at Margaret and you're wagging your tongue right in my direction This isn't what I'm into He's trying to test you, he's trying to lick you, he wants to eat you I want your hair, I want your hair for it's fabric I wanna make fabric out of Scott Ackerman's hair I guess that sounds better than what I thought you wanted to do I wanna put my dick in it for sure You wanna put your dick in his hair And then I'm gonna cut it off You're so first the dick, then the shaving I'm gonna shave you like a sheep Your dick in his hair God bless America, God bless America Yeah, yeah And nothing else Are you making a coat out of his hair?

I'm making a coat, I'm making a butt cover I'm making Scott Ackerman American Apparel condoms Ow, stop it Stop now, stop Oh Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me Whether the weather be cold Yeah, yeah That was great We just sold 20,000 pallets of pussy stuffers Why you gotta make fun of him like that?

Just in time for the holidays I loved it I loved it Guys, we only have one last thing that we have here on the show And it's a little Suck your dick No, come on, man I meant something sweet Come on, he can say that, but not you, man I meant having ice cream Oh, like summer?

In summer Yeah It's a little something that of course we like to call Would You Rather Shut up, dude Theme song is on That's disrespectful No, sometimes I think this is the actual activity No, shut up The song is playing It's really good Shut your whore mouth Hey Hey I don't mind that remix Yeah David Wayne remix 3,000 letters Alright, hey The theme song is over, man I loved it Yeah, that really tied together Alright, we all know how this is played I get Would You Rather scenario sent to me on our Twitter, which is at CBBYR And I will read them out loud And then I will open the floor for questions You will ask me any question about either of the scenarios I have all the answers right here Any questions about the possibilities that might happen if you choose either scenario We will then close the floor for questions and we will then vote And that sounds pretty good, right?

Alright, so here we go Tony Goldmark has sent us this one Tony Goldmark asks, would you rather make sweet passionate love to a sycamore Or direct an all kangaroo shot for shot remake of E.T.

Alright, would you rather make sweet passionate love to a sycamore Or direct an all kangaroo shot for shot remake of E.T.

Does the sycamore have I'm so sorry I have not opened the floor for questions I'm going to have to dock you points for that Alright David, you of all people in this room I didn't know I'm so sorry, that is going to be negative three points Alright, here we go I'm now opening the floor for questions Does the sycamore have an IUD?

Mmm, great question No, the sycamore is on the pill which is 99% effective I thought you would get fucked by the sycamore Mmm, great question So what you're asking is because you're a woman Yeah, I was looking at it from my perspective Would you be fucked by the sycamore I would take a branch But can't, as a woman, can't you not actually And we've established on the show before that roots are tree's dicks I've been fucked by a sycamore recently because I can't see past it out to the beach So I need to cut it down Sorry to spit on you Yes, you can be fucked by the root of the sycamore Okay, that's going to inform my decision And Dove, I don't know what you're into in regards to this Well, sure, I've been with sycamores before My question is if I went the route of directing the E.T. remake Sure, all kangaroo shot for shot With kangaroos What I'm asking at is if you're the director I'm assuming that there's like perks where you're going to get some pouch action on the side Mmm Between shots and stuff That's what you like is pouch action Yeah, you know what I mean I'm open to like multiple different, you know, special expressions Now is this a thing where we're going to have to go to Michigan for the tax credits or Mmm, great question, Vancouver actually Okay, oh Which is terrible importing the kangaroos I would imagine it's hard to Try to get those passports Yeah, you know, I tried to bring some kangaroos into Canada before I am Canadian so I tried to get some kangaroos up there But they ended up just getting on heroin and hanging out under the bridges Now do I have to take part in the financing of this or is this something that's already going to be set up?

Financing is set up In fact, the stars, everything the And they're all kangaroos?

Yeah, you come on board late into the process Actually, you replace the director I see, and is there a distributor in place?

Distribution's out there, you have a release date In fact, you're trying to back into the release date Okay, well that makes it more attractive to me Especially if there's like a set, you know, time schedule I like the way you negotiate You never answer my question Do I get to fuck the kangaroos or not?

Yes, you get to fuck the kangaroos Of course, you That's a given, right?

Alright, can I 69 them?

No, I'm so sorry Whoa You're allowed to fuck them and you're allowed to get pouch action but no 69ing of kangaroos Okay, so it's a standard kangaroo position Yeah Where I'm mounting them from behind and they're jumping up and down But they might punch you because they, will they have boxing gloves on?

Yeah, of course, yeah Standard kangaroo boxing gloves With the boxing gloves?

Now is the kangaroo playing, is the kangaroo that plays Elliot, does he have a feature experience?

Yeah, he was in Kangaroo Jack in that five minutes Got it, got it, got it Yeah, so he's a pro It's not like working with kids He is a pro I might have to give Paul Hogan a call and just see what he might say Paul Hogan?

What?

Paul Hogan himself?

But what about, do you have to make the sycamore cum?

Oh, great question Sap, you mean?

Sap, yeah Yeah, you have to continue doing it until They're sapped Until they're sapped, yeah You put like a metal rod in and a bucket You're going to want to do it in early spring Because that's when they're still flowering And that's when they're open to, you know That's when they're naturally sort of the male trees and the female trees are interested in sort of, you know Great point Is it okay if I weather coat my dick beforehand?

Just kind of like put a nice little gloss on there Yeah, just in case it's raining and depending on how long it takes and splinters and so forth Yes, I will allow it All right, Grant, you've been awfully quiet This is not how to, but you've got to get questions in order to get points Right, right, just molting How does that figure into this?

Into the kangaroo Do kangaroos molt?

I don't, birds molt?

I'm not sure if kangaroos do I don't know if they molt Is it all has to be kangaroos or can it be other marsupials?

They mostly just moan and say stop it This question says all kangaroos shot for shot, so I'm afraid that everything except for ET ET itself is a puppet It's going to be a budgetary problem, isn't it?

Well, I'm just worried about the bicycles flying into the sky right now because I know some kangaroos that I've worked with have real trouble with the two-wheeler Is there any way I could be laying in a bed and have a sycamore tree suck in my dick and a kangaroo teabagging me from the top, just bouncing up and down teabagging me?

Welcome to my Saturdays Wait, today's Saturday Yeah, I'm on my way That's why I'm late Yes to both of your questions And money is no object with this film, by the way It's not a problem that we got kangaroos because they're double, right?

They're like a quadto You got an extra kangaroo Yeah, this is a high-budget film So if we could get all fixed-gear bicycles, I might be more inclined to make it work Especially on the inclines I think it would be a lot easier just to get fucked by the sycamore because you just have to lay there Please don't vote yet, though, because I will have to talk to you Well, it's definitely in terms of, because time is money and yeah, definitely, no matter what, it would definitely seem to take less time And then the sycamore already has wood Honestly, the best advice I could give you in general is just lay there Everything's going to go great if you're just laying there Sycamore takes care of it Is that the advice that you give to all of your young interns?

No, not everybody, but I mean, I know, Margaret, I'm sensing your vibe It's going to go real easy if you just lay there Don't complain Don't fight it Don't be thinking of phone numbers or anything How involved?

Don't be thinking of phone numbers Like 9-1-1?

Exactly, you're fucking ruining it Take that out of your fucking mental space Drain yourself of authority figures What about 506-394-1897?

Yeah, that makes it sound like you have some kind of arrangement or some kind of protector or something like you could blackmail me or something That's going to take the danger out of you How involved are they wanting me to be in post-production?

Great question, Dave You're really concerned with the movie making side of this You supervise, you come in for cuts So I don't necessarily have to be there every day unless I want to?

No, no, no, you're not as hands-on How hands-on are you with your films, by the way?

That's not important, I'm trying to focus on this one Okay, you enter into a new style of filmmaking with this one Okay, okay, okay Any other questions? Grant, do you have anything else?

No, no, that's it for me That covers it for you, Margaret?

I think I'm good, I've made my decision I mean, it's clearly Please don't vote yet, I will have to dock the points Don't vote yet And Dov?

I just want to ask if it's okay to come right now Because I'm ready to go Please don't, it is not okay It is not okay, please do not do this Please don't Oh no For those at home I've never seen anyone come All over Grant For those listening out there, there is a visual component to this I've never seen anyone come all over Grant nor in such a disgusting manner No Look, he's a sensual person, he's creative I feel like a hero of bold What do I get out of this?

Alright guys, I'm closing the floor for questions It's time to vote, why don't we go around the room Margaret, how do you like to vote?

I want to stick a more, get fucked Okay, and why is that?

Because I just want to lay there I'm confident that I can make it come No phone numbers?

No phone numbers I'm confident I can make it come I'm confident that I can get sap out of that thing I just think that's the easier thing I mean, I'm not, you know, I'm not the most visual person So I think doing the entire shot-for-shot animal movie would be really too hard Kangaroos, I'm scared of actually because I might get punched You actually do get punched I do get punched, and then they have these weird bent back legs You didn't even talk about that They're weird bent back legs Well, I only answer the questions that are asked If you would want to talk about this This is more in your purview This is more your beta wake You know what you just did? You just went face Yeah, I sure did So I'm sorry, I'm going to have to dock you points for Thank you so much That is the dock point sting, of course Grant, how do you like to vote here?

You know, I've spent a fair amount of time out in the Outback Sure I've been there, but I've lived among the dingoes And knowing this, knowing what this entails I would think we could do this with CGI One kangaroo, one very talented kangaroo So sort of a multiplicity type thing with the pizza Yeah, yeah Yeah, we talked about that a couple weeks ago Yeah, that kind of thing So I'm going to go with the kangaroos Okay, kangaroos, all right That is, of course, the kangaroo vote sting David, how do you like to vote?

You know, ultimately, I think kangaroos are super cute Great But I have some concerns about the ultimate You know, how it will play overseas Well, you know, a big problem is You know, you might be in director jail Right If it doesn't do well That's a concern And I'm just, you know, you say They say, oh, they're not going to get meddling with the post But I don't know if I believe that So I'm going to go on ahead and fuck the tree Good for you All right, very good Dove, how do you like, I hesitate to ask How do you like to vote?

Yeah, you know what, don't hesitate, baby I will not How would you like to vote?

What I'm going to do is tie the kangaroo upside down to the tree And I'm going to fuck it And force its sister to film it I love it That is the kangaroo tied to the tree And thinking out of the box Dove is our winner, amazingly Yes, American Peril on top That is, of course, how you play Would You Rather With Robert Cromby and Fitch On its knees like a bitch Oh, that is the very faint Would You Rather theme All right, so that is it for the show We only have one last thing to do, which is, of course, Plugs It's time for Plugs It's time for Plugs It's about the Memorial Plugs Tell us where you'll be And hope that you don't disturb your company What's a hot dog?

Cool Up!

That is Plugs theme by Fucktard Idiot I don't care for that name Did they end by saying Cool Up?

I think they did That's strange You know her from Children's Hospital I do, and from not having done her podcast yet Oh, you should I know While you're in town I'll tell her to get a hold of you Yeah, tell her to get a hold of me That is by Fucktard Idiot And that was a David Wayne remix You were adding some notes on top of that Yeah, sometimes I need to take something that I saw You're creative And I add my own thing Is there any way that you could loan out Cool Up for just a day or two?

No, sir Just for a couple of shots?

No, sir All right, so if you have your Plugs theme, please send it to earwolf.com to the appropriate thread in our message board And Margot, what do you have to plug?

I would assume show dependent, the DVD is out today Yeah, show dependent, the DVD is out today The album The album has been out It's out still, it's on iTunes Go to that Bob Mould gig?

Yeah, Grant and I are doing the Bob Mould It is Bob Mould You're saying it right I've been saying it wrong How have you been saying it?

It's Bob Mould Mould No, Bob Mould No, it's Bob Mould Mould We're doing Bob Mould's songbook tonight at Disney Hall Don't make that mistake tonight Disney Hall downtown?

Yeah And what time is that going to be?

That would be at 8 p.m.

And can we just show up and get tickets?

I think it's sold out No, but I mean we Yeah, you guys can't come with us Just come with us, be with the band Alright, we'll be there Anything else to plug?

Do you have TV or movies or anything happening?

Oh, my show's starting again My TV show's starting again Drop Dead Diva on Lifetime It starts again, we start shooting again in February Drop Dead Diva?

Diva, it's our season four Alright Fabulous Yay Alright Grant, what's going on with you?

What's going on?

Grant Lee Buffalo is going to appear at Largo Back Together Yeah, that's right Original guys, that's December 2 at Largo Awesome 8 o'clock Sounds good Find all about it, grantleafillips.com Alright, David Wayne The new season of Wainy Days is going to be on MyDamnChannel.com You don't have that on DavidWayne.com?

It's also, you can get it through DavidWayne.com or wainydays.com Oh, fantastic Multi-platforms Well, yeah Or YouTube.com Which is YouTube.com www.youtube.com See you And that's going to be, we got a whole new set of episodes with great guest stars like Lizzy Kaplan and Steven Weber and Aaron Hayes and that starts, I actually, sometime late November or early December Okay, so sometime around now Would you say they should constantly refresh wainydays.com and davidwayne.com?

Yes Yeah Okay You can find me on Twitter at at davidwayne Can you imagine?

I'd love to try that Is there an RSS feed?

My Favorite Song, how did you know?

I don't think so Dove Yeah, you know what, it's a holiday season and there's a lot of people who need some love out there So what American Apparel is offering is on Thanksgiving and Christmas and a couple other days We're going to open up like soup kitchens, like food kitchens for the holidays That's so great At every American Apparel location And what we're going to do is we're inviting anybody who's just hungry, anybody who's like desperate and young Wait a minute Wait, you just said young?

Yeah, I mean, because young people are like starving people and they need help and stuff That's why they do yoga Are you going to try to get a little pouch action with some of these kids?

What I'm saying is there's going to be turkey, there's going to be a whole lot of turkey, there's going to be a lot of stuffing Oh, come on And you know what, I'm going to be A lot of meat Yeah, a lot of meat, but we do vegetarian too, you know, we can do cranberry, whatever Whatever you're into That's even more disgusting And can we Soaked in cranberry Can we come and stuff the meat there?

Yeah, but you know what, everybody's, it's not You're above this, David Look, most people are I wish I was Most people who come down for an American Apparel Thanksgiving are going to experience a normal Thanksgiving That we will be screening people for hotness and the ability to push products And if you meet that description, you may be invited to spend some time in my warehouse Gross I also want to say that for more updates, you can follow me on Twitter at jadomian Which is a satirical account that I created Of a really weird person Yeah, just to plug my stuff Yeah, okay I want to plug, of course, go to earwolf.com to get the Comedy Bang Bang complete holiday collection That is over 50 songs that we've recorded over the past three years All the proceeds go to the LA Food Bank That's only $20 and you can get songs featuring Amy Mann and Weird Al Yankovic and myself And this, really?

No, no, I'm saying Charity?

No, it's like, ugh Nobody wants, nobody wants You gotta put, Scott, you gotta have somebody getting fucked somewhere in there And then, you know, the music comes back and then the fucking elves dance for Christmas Alright, someone's getting fucked Alright, and that's it, that's it guys Do you want to play another song or can you do something together or grant by yourself Or whatever you like Oh, good luck We got time That's all we know That's all you, that's all we know Let's do a cover Yeah, let's do a cover Do you guys mind if I just finger myself real quick?

Yeah, no problem And David, you can join in if you can figure out the key Yeah, you can finger me if you want Let's do a classic cover A classic cover You have a whole cover's record, I believe Oh, you know what I forgot, I do, right?

Yeah Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Okay, um Okay You almost got a capo out, but then you put it down on the table I almost got a capo out Um, okay, you want to play along with this one, Dave?

Do you think I can follow along?
