---
layout: page
title: 133. Patton Oswalt, Chris Tallman [9979⧸21016].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

An opportunity like this comes along but once in a lifetime. I have Patton Oswalt here in the chair.

He has agreed to an exclusive one-on-one mono-a-mono sit-down. We're going to talk about everything. We're going to talk about life, art, his childhood, music, anything you wanted to know about Patton Oswalt. We're going to do it. All of that on today's...

What's up, hot dog? Thanks to Brian Cunningham for that submission for a catchphrase.

Thanks, Brian. If you have a catchphrase submission, go head on over to yourwolf.com and leave that in the appropriate thread. Hey there, my name is Stop Clockerman aka The Lakota.

It is wonderful to be here in post-Thanksgiving, post-coital Thanksgiving haze here.

Right in the microphone if you could just clear that throat up.

Where's the flam amplification button? We have a three-second delay on that.

Okay, good. And here it is.

We are swimming through the tryptophan right now.

I know it is. We're here. We're trying to get through it. But no, a lot of people have come back to work fresh and rested. It's four days of thanking each other for everything that we all do for each other. There's a lot of thanking each other, I think, at Thanksgiving and then a lot of resentment that gets buried for next year.

We vent some. Much like the Indians.

Exactly. And then we bury the exact same amount to get us through the next year.

We meet our family members. So it's... I like to just shake hands with everyone on Thanksgiving and just say... And say well done?

Yeah, and say thank you. Good job.

That is customary at my house. Yeah.

Let me explain exactly who that is that I've been talking to. He has a lot of phlegm, I think. We're gonna get rid of it all here. We have an hour to talk here.

I'm leaving all the phlegm on the field.

You know him from stand-up comedy. Okay, that's number one. Is that your number one job?

Yes, the stand-up comedy industry. I would say that I'm one of the minor titans in the stand-up comedy industry. You make it at the Laugh Factory, it gets sold at the Comedy Store. Well, I was raised in the Laugh Belt of America.

I came out of the... A lot of it is rusted now. I know we took a lot of our jobs out to England and Japan, but we're still trying to make it go.

I think this business will take off at some point.

Yeah, at some point, yeah. It's rough.

We're due for a comeback. We can just get the factories up and working.

So you have stand-up comedy, you have acting, you have voice work. I mean, there is probably not an area of entertainment that you have not stuck your collective fingers into.

Yes, and my fingers do work as a collective. There's no individual...

They work in tandem.

Yeah, they do work in tandem. I unionized my fingers a few years ago. So yeah, good look, they needed a dental. They needed a dental plan.

But let me tell people your name and then they'll get a clear picture of who I'm talking about.

Yeah, because you're just sketching the outlines.

That's right. Right now, your face is murky.

A few wisps of hair, the outer lobes, that's it. What's in there?

They can tell you're white.

Well, good, I hope so.

It's Patton Oswalt is here, star of Stage and Screen. Welcome Patton Oswalt.

Thank you. Thank you so much for agreeing to this exclusive interview.

You know, it's one of those things I leaps before I looks because I'm a little nervous right now.

We're going to strip away all layers of the onion today. We're going to get to it.

We're going to get down to it.

Yesterday, you made it sound like, okay, that sounds so easy. Now I'm here and I'm like terrified. But you know what? Let's just do it.

Under the microscope.

Yes.

I do want to talk to you about your new film before we delve into childhood issues.

Yes.

You have a new film which comes out on Friday or...

It comes out on this Friday in...

Limited release.

Limited release in LA and New York. Well, it comes out on the 9th, Friday the 9th. Yeah.

No, that is a week from...

That's in two weeks. Yeah. So a week from this Friday, it opens just in LA and New York, and then it opens...

Because New York and LA is special.

They really are really special.

The artists all congregate there. They can tell if this movie is good.

Do they congregate or do they end up there? Are they rightfully chased out of Lansing, Michigan for being annoying and they just go, why don't you go to the village and hang out?

Do you think instead of people leaving small towns to go be artists in the big city, you think they're chased out?

I think the small towns kind of wring themselves out of all the pretentious people and go, why don't you go make your little tone poems somewhere else?

Is that what happened to you, Patton Oswalt?

Yeah. I was...

We'll get to it. We'll get to it.

Yeah, we will.

So let's talk about Young Adult briefly. First of all, it's a Jason Reitman film.

Yes.

Charlize Theron is in it. You're in it. I saw it the other night. It's fantastic.

Oh, wow. Thank you.

But let me tell you what I think you guys missed.

Okay.

Oh, yeah.

The film is called Young Adult because Charlize Theron in it is a young adult writer.

Young adult writer, yeah.

What I think you guys didn't get is that there's a double meaning with the title because Charlize Theron hasn't quite matured yet. She's kind of stuck in high school.

Oh, my God. When I tell this... Job Book Cody wrote it, when I... I'm gonna texture right now, her head is going to explode.

I mean, it works on several different levels.

That is... We never thought beyond that. That was... We just thought, oh, it's called Young Adult and she writes Young Adult novels. Boom. Done.

Oh, dude. Oh, Diablo's gonna lose her mind when I tell her that.

Okay. Just texture while I talk to you.

Yeah, got it.

You get one eye on the texting machine, whatever you call that.

Okay, yeah. Yeah. I'll give you an interview eye and I'm gonna reserve a texting eye.

Giving me the interview eye.

Giving you the interview eye.

But this is a great role for you. It's kind of continuing in your dramatic vein that you established in Big Fan and it's a dramatic role. You're still funny, but it's kind of a heartbreaking...

It is really weird how, especially when I read the script, it's one of those things where I realize I'm the comic relief, but everything I say is that very real life thing of you actually are pretty tragic and you're pretty sad and you're trying to make a joke and half of the time, the jokes just absolutely fail. And Charlize is playing a character that can totally, has no problem calling me on that. Wow, that just completely turfed out.

There's a scene we have in a barn near the beginning. It's one of the few times...

Did you say barn or bar?

I'm gonna let the viewers find that out. Let's just leave that hanging.

Okay.

There could be a scene in a barn, which I think we need to bring back more barn scenes.

Like a walking dead, just roamers in there.

Just a lot of more stuff happening on hay. Which by the way, if you've ever laid on hay, it is the smelliest, most uncomfortable substance and yet there's so many love scenes that happen in barns.

A lot of people have that fantasy of like, oh, the farmer's daughter, I'm gonna go in there on hay.

It is uncomfortable.

No, you're lying on dry grass that's infused with sheep piss. I don't know why.

I used to fuck exclusively on hay. And after...

Was that the first thing you would say in a date? Like, before this goes any further, we're in the car right now, we're gonna have a nice dinner, but I'm just letting you know.

Things might get hot and heavy here in the car, but we gotta move it over to the hay.

Yeah. There'll be a very long drive before we seal the deal.

We gotta go upstate.

Yeah, we gotta go upstate. We gotta look for a farmhouse where the lights are out because I can't have any more shotgun pellets in my leg.

But it's a great film. You're very dramatic in it. You're very funny. You play a very damaged, emotionally damaged human being. And we will get to certainly how you were able to...

What you were able to draw from in your life.

I agreed to this.

All right. Yeah, no, no, we will. We will.

But let me talk about Charlize Theron for a minute.

Sure. I don't know that we can talk about exactly what goes down in this movie, but you have a lot of scenes with her.

A lot of scenes with her, yeah.

And I, of course, worked with her, of course, for one day.

Yes, you did work for her.

Yeah, it's right. You did.

She was very cool. She was super cool.

Well, I mean, yeah, she is super cool. I don't want to get too actor-y, but...

We'll get there.

We will get there. But if you're playing against someone that doesn't give you what you need in the scene, like doesn't give back, then it's...

And she's one of those actors, she's like from the Bill Murray school where she wants to make everyone else in the scene better.

So the whole scene is great, and she's great in a great scene rather than...

She doesn't want to be the only good thing in a bad scene.

Right.

And that means there were some scenes where she had to give me nothing because her character's not listening, which changes the way that you deliver your lines.

So there's a really crucial scene that I think a lot of actors would have been very uncomfortable just being like, I don't care what you're... Just completely... And she was brave enough to do absolutely nothing, which totally changed my performance and made me even more agitated.

Sounds like you're insulting her right now, saying she barely acted and that you're the star of this film. Is that what you're trying to say?

No. She steals the screen just by not paying attention to people.

It's amazing to see...

She's fantastic in this. She hasn't maybe done a lot of dramatic work since Monsters Inc.

I'm not really... That's the one where Eileen Wuornos comes in the kids' rooms at night because she's trying to steal screams. I got those really mixed up.

But it's a return to form for her. She's fantastic in it. You're fantastic in it.

Well, I mean, I'm great in it because I was lucky enough to have a great script, and Jason directing me, and Charlize to act against you.

The entire production, then, is what you're saying?

The entire production was me lucking out.

Writer, director, actor, key grip. Everyone around you, when they're at the top of their game, you have two choices. You can either rise to meet them or you can sink.

I had no choice. And I mean, there's... Oh, man. This is the one thing the studio said, don't talk about this. And I promised Charlize I wouldn't talk about this.

No, no, no. But we should get into this because I want to get a little deeper than the interviews that you've been doing a little later. Hello? Oh! Hey!

Oh, hey. It's already begun.

Sir, we... Sorry, we're in the middle of a program here.

Yes, don't let me interrupt. All right. Hi. Here we are. Look at you. There you are.

I'm sorry. This is not something that I planned. Sir, the...

I'm... If you're looking for the restroom, it's actually... I used it. Do not go in there for a bit. It is, shall we say, infested. I... I would really rather not say that.

Oh, should we go back? Can we take two? The bathroom smells like poop. Don't go in.

Oh. Take three. Cut. Sir, I don't know who you are, but I'm in the middle of an exclusive mano a mano. Yes. That's a technical term for... Hand to foot. I know. I speak Spanish very well.

I teach it. I don't know if you got my emails. I'm Leslie Schechter. I'm from Las Calabras High School. And you donated the charity visit to the studio. Do you remember this? Any of this?

Yeah. We...

At one of the Christmas shows?

Yeah. We give away...

Last Christmas. And I wanted to cash it in before the end of the year. So here we are.

Wait a minute. You're the guy who won that never... You sent the money, but we never got ahold of you. You never got ahold of us. Well, I think I had a bad email. Now, you're not earwolf.tv, right? No. We were not able to... We're not lucky enough to obtain that domain name, unfortunately.

I'm sorry to interrupt your show. What's going on over here?

Sorry. This is Pat. And what did you say your name was?

Leslie Schechter.

S-C-H-E-K-T-E-R.

Okay. You're the guy who won, but we already gave away... We gave it to second place, basically.

We have this in the middle of the year.

I remember that show.

David Guy Levy. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh. Levy. You know where that guy's from.

Louisiana?

Yeah.

Okay. Well, by way of Israel.

Look, Pat and I, I feel bad because this guy paid, but we just never heard from him.

I don't wanna interrupt anything. What are you guys talking about? I love movies. I love trivia.

I teach children. I'm kind of here as a field trip. If it's okay, I'd love to bring in some kids sometime.

Sometime? No.

Right sometime? No. That would be a really... I mean, this is more of a... I can just speak for you, Scott, this is more of an adult kind of comedy show.

Oh, I do adult comedy with the kids all the time. That's fine.

What do you mean by adult comedy with the kids?

Well, I call it like Jugfuck Thursday.

Wow.

This took an immediate turn.

What grade do you teach?

Well, it's basically... It's a special needs school. So most of the kids are 6 to 12.

Okay.

But then there's a couple of the kids have their own kids there. And so we do like a daycare center as well.

There's kids who have kids at this school. 12 year olds have kids at this school?

Well, not the 12 year olds, but the 14.

Oh, God.

Oh, yeah. It's not good. But you should see some of the 14 year olds.

Okay, wait a minute. What is and where did Jugfuck Thursday come from? What is that?

Is that something you'd like to... You know, I'd love to get...

Well, I mean, you dropped it out there. We may as well find it. Do you mind, Scott?

No, I mean, I'm nothing if not a professional interviewer when something like that is laid out as big.

You can't just drop that on there and then scoot along. What is that?

Now, listen, this is for kids. So we clean it up for them. But I feel like you guys are...

But you... Wait a minute, I'm sorry, but do you call it Jugfuck Thursday in front of the kids?

I call it JF Thursday.

Oh, okay. That sounds even worse, actually.

Yeah, that sounds way worse.

Why is that worse?

I'd hate to be there during J.O. Tuesdays.

Well, he said J.F.

I know, but J.O. is jacking off on their faces.

Is Scott really...

No, whoa, whoa.

Look, you have two choices. You can rise to meet the level.

You know what? I'm just contrary to what I said about...

These are kids. These are kids, sir.

How is it that much different than what you...

Okay.

Because what I'm doing is I'm talking to them because I know what these kids are up to.

No, it's not doing it. Oh, no.

You're just talking about it.

Get your mind out of the gutter. No, these kids are doing all kinds of things.

They're having wrist sex parties and they're doing all kinds of...

Wait, back up now. I need an explanation.

Wrist sex?

Where have you guys been?

I don't know what you're... Are you talking about... Is this like those rainbow parties and the...

What is a wrist sex? I've never heard of this.

Well, wrist sex, all right. I mean, you're familiar with sex.

Yeah, I used to do that on Hey.

Okay. On Hey?

Yeah, it's an earlier joke.

Yeah, you walked in a little too late for that.

Call back. I get it. I'm familiar with the terms, the comedy terms. Knock, knock.

Who's there?

Okay, let's get back to the wrist sex. All right.

The wrist sex is like a thing where instead of like, for example, your J-O, which is totally inappropriate, they use the... Instead of just to simulate, I guess, what you call the folds, you use this part.

The folds of a fur giant?

I just realized how much I do not like the word folds at all in any context.

Not even Ben Folds.

Oh, he's great. He's great. On that singing show where everybody does the doo-wops.

The sing-off.

Yeah. Oh, so you watch the show?

I know what it is. I'm a human being who lives in America. Who doesn't know what it is?

Well, apparently, we don't know what wrist sex is, so I wouldn't get that defensive, Scott.

I'm sorry. They take their... I'm sorry. Is it the inside of the wrist, obviously?

Well, yeah, that's not the wrist.

Why am I... Well, okay.

That is the back of the wrist.

Right now, Leslie is pointing to the back of his wrist.

Where the face of your watch sits, that's called the sheath.

That's called a sheath?

Is it? I thought that was also the wrist.

Well, the wrist is actually the joint, but if you're gonna... Let me put it this way.

Do you teach men's health, by the way?

Sometimes. I'm a sub.

Oh, I get it. Okay.

Well, what does that mean?

You both nodded and did the uh-huh.

Or do you sub at just one school or a lot of different schools?

Anywhere. I mean, mainly Las Calabras. For the last couple of weeks, Mrs. Hendershot's been out, so I've been filling in for her.

What happened to Mrs. Hendershot?

She fell down.

Okay.

She fell down.

All right, let's move on.

So you've only been teaching for a couple of weeks?

Well, I mean...

Is this your first job?

Consecutively.

Huh, okay.

Well, how many Thursdays? Is that two?

Junkfuck Thursday? It's actually gonna be... It's this coming.

Oh, so it's the inaugural JF Thursday?

Because you made it sound like it's something I do with the kids, like you've done this a lot, but this is actually gonna happen in two days.

I'm gonna... I'm busting it wide open.

Yeah, let me caution you. You really want to stay away from JF Thursdays.

Yeah, I would. Are there any other activities you could maybe do with these kids?

Because I thought teachers had to have a whole lot of different lesson plans and...

Yeah, yeah. I mean, I have a bunch of different stuff.

We do the stuff with the dum-dums.

We help them out with the maths and stuff like that.

Wait a minute. I'm sorry. You call...

You're teaching special needs kids. What did you just call them?

It's a funny... They have nicknames for me, and I have nicknames for them.

I call them my dum-dums, and they call me Mr. Stop-It.

You know what? They call you Mr. Stop-It.

Mr. Stop-It. Not when I say it out loud.

Mr. Stop-It. That's how they... Maybe it's not...

Yeah, that doesn't sound like a nickname to me. That sounds like...

That's a sentence. That's a...

That's a direct...

That's a noun and a verb, yeah.

I should not be calling them Mr. Stop-It.

When do they call you Mr. Stop-It?

It's generally like at the end of the day, I'll be standing...

I'm not technically allowed on the school grounds, so I'll be next to the school where the sidewalk...

Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm sorry. Wait, wait, stop.

You said you're a substitute teacher for Clever School, but you're not allowed...

I'm using the wrong word. Amateur teacher.

Amateur teacher.

Oh, okay.

I think I'm getting a clearer picture.

Can I ask a very...

Look around. Yeah, go ahead.

Has the school ever called you and asked you to come in to teach?

That's what I'm doing. I'm working my way in.

Every time I...

Grassroots.

Yeah, exactly.

Do you guys have kids?

Oh, thank God, no.

I have it. Well, you know, as far as you know, I don't.

Oh.

Yeah.

Certainly none in Los Calabras.

Yeah, certainly none in the Los Calabra School District.

Well, I travel. I made it here.

Do you live in the Los... You made it here.

Do you live in the Los Calabra School District?

I'm in... I'm sort of a SoCal.

I'm a SoCal kind of fellow.

The Southland?

The Southland.

The Greater Tri-State area?

Does anybody know that?

No, no. The Southland is a made-up word that newscasters made up in order to describe the area which their signal reaches, meaning some of Ventura...

Which, by the way, is a huge area.

What specific area of SoCal would you say you live in?

I would not go so far as like Mexico.

I'm technically...

There's different laws down there.

Yeah.

There's street law down there.

Have you spent some time?

Oh, a lot of time.

Oh, man.

Can I assume that you have spent some time there, Mr. Schechter?

Down there, they call me the tiger.

Wait, they call you the tiger?

Who's they? Yeah.

Or are you translating it from Spanish?

I translate it from Spanish.

Oh, okay. Thank you so much. That's kind of you.

Do you speak the Espanol? Hablas Espanol?

Un poco.

Oh, sí.

Claro que sí.

Oh, muy bien.

And what is the tiger in Spanish?

El tigre.

Tigre.

Did I say that right?

Tigre. El tigre.

Yeah. You seem to be remembering it slightly incorrectly.

Well, I wasn't...

Again, I know for the kids listening, I wasn't entirely sober down in Mexico.

Were you substitute teaching in Mexico?

I was running a child fighting ring.

Children fighting each other or fighting other things?

That's not a bad idea.

I was doing kids fighting each other.

Just each other.

But what about, let's say...

No, we're not spitballing anything.

Why not?

You know, I don't want any kind of culpability.

There's no bad idea.

These are all your ideas.

Well, believe me, I will use your ideas.

I'm not gonna give you any ideas.

They're your ideas. They are bad ideas.

If you want to do ideas out loud, fine.

We're not gonna say anything that you can use. Go ahead.

Fair enough. All right. So let's say what we generally do is we tape glass to the kid's hands.

Jesus, why did we open this up?

Like shards of glass?

Sir, I do want to learn a little more about this because I'm fascinated with the art of war.

Yeah, exactly. Well, this is not so much war.

This is more...

Is it?

Well, it's blood sport.

Okay.

Right.

So what it is is like you put tape around the kid's hands and dip them in the glass.

So the kid's hands are not getting cut.

Let me be very clear.

I see. So the tape is all around their hands, much like boxing tape?

Exactly. Well, except the sticky parts on the outside so as to pick up the broken glass.

Okay, got it.

And then we have the kids come at each other and they take shots at each other.

And that part the kids do get hurt.

How do you encourage the kids to fight?

I mean, it seems to me like children...

How do you ramp them up or rile them up?

You know, it's like a psychological warfare. Mommy's going to disappear unless you take them down.

Wait, you're taking these children's parents hostage?

Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, no.

Oh, you're just telling them that.

He's making them think. He just said it's psychological warfare.

Not a monster. Not a monster.

Well, I'm just wondering, though, why are you not still in Mexico?

Was the child fighting ring popular?

It did very well.

It did very well. What happened?

You were El Tigre, too? I mean, you never fought, though?

Well, that's kind of what happened. At a certain point, my best fighter, Juanito, figured out that he could actually take me down because...

Wait, Juanito? Oh, Juanito is a he.

Is it? Yeah.

Well, yeah, it would be Juanita.

Juanito, yeah, it's the masculine.

Believe me, he had...

Yeah, he's little Juan, in other words, little child.

There's nothing little about it because he was one of those pituitary kids.

Oh, boy.

So he was... gosh, he was 10. D.A.s, sorry. He was D.A.s.

But he was probably 6'4".

Oh, my gosh.

Oh, yeah.

Seis Quatro.

Oh, see.

So it was the... I don't know the Spanish for this, but the hunter became the hunted, would you say?

Yes. I was... I was Ice-T.

Oh, I know the movie he's talking about. There's a movie where Ice-T gets chased through the woods. It's like the most dangerous game thing.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

And you were... do you kind of identify with that then? You were a hard target.

Yeah, I was. Sorry about the shark. Remember that part?

No.

Sorry about the shark.

It's not the kind of film I usually watch. I like films like young adult, like intense, wonderful dramas with pathos and humor.

Well, it sounds like he was working with some young adults in a weird way.

That's true.

Not in the same way as my film, but...

So this interview is sort of a tie-in, dude, to what you're doing.

It is a weird... this is the absolute worst tie-in to young adult you could have possibly had happen.

Tell you what, why don't we take a break?

I need a cup of coffee or something.

I want to get back on track.

I want to start on... close your... turn off your headphones if you could for a second.

Yeah, sure.

I want to sort of try to hustle this guy out of here during the breaks.

I guess that's on you. Are you good at doing that?

How do you turn these off?

I'm going to need some backup. Oh, wait, did he just hear that?

How do you turn these off?

Oh, okay. Sorry about that. Look, let's take a break. When we come back, hopefully we will return to the insides of Patton's mind. This is a comedy bang.

Paramount is really counting on this interview to really get the word out.

No, we'll get the word out. Trust me, trust me, trust me. All right, here we go. We'll be right back. This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you.

Comedy Bang Bang, that is Dragon Boy Swade, Howard Kramer with I'm Not Paying $500 to Watch Douchebags Eat Turkey. I know Thanksgiving was a few days ago, but we usually play that in Thanksgiving, but we couldn't play it last week. So there it is. And we're here with Patton Oswalt talking about Young Adult, his film that's coming out soon. And we were unable, we were unsuccessful in our attempts to wrest Lesley Schechter from his seat. So...

I won a contest. I won a contest.

Technically, Scott, I mean, if he did donate that money, why am I defending him?

You're happy to... He donated to a great cause, the LA Food Bank. We'll be talking a little bit about the LA Food Bank a little later, but...

Great cause.

Great cause. I mean, I don't know how they would feel hearing this episode and having their name associated with...

Should I bring it to buy?

To the LA Food Bank? No.

No, most certainly not.

When do you guys go down there? Like, when do you guys spend your time down there?

I mean, we're there three days a week in the mornings, but I don't want to exactly tell you...

I mean, Patton and I are usually just... I'm there three days a week. I'm not sure how many...

I get... I do two days near the end of the week.

Right, right. So we have an hour where we overlap.

We should schedule our shifts together so we can hang out.

I mean, there's actually no spots left right now. We have...

Yeah. Too many volunteers. There's a waiting list for volunteers.

That's not usually a problem with charities, but...

It's a good one.

It's a great one to have.

It is a great one.

I'm thinking the three of us could get together like men of a certain age like that show. We could all hang out and talk about our problems and like we can help with body hair.

What... I mean...

Wait a minute. You went from problems... What problems would you say you have?

You seem like a very busy, positive guy.

You know, I put on a good face, but you know, the ladies right now are not...

They're not into the Lesman and it's tough.

Well, first of all, you may not want to call yourself the Lesman if you're trying to pick up ladies.

Is that... And talk about yourself in the third person to the ladies. Do you do that?

I mean, maybe you could call yourself the Lesman if you go to certain bars and you might fool people into thinking you're actually... I mean, because you have a certain...

You've been accused of this sometimes, but...

Not accused, but certainly identified as a...

I don't mean to say you've been accused of this.

Exactly.

Jacuz.

Oh, that's French. Are you multilingual?

I've been known to do the deed.

What?

I don't know.

Oh, no. That's okay. Nevermind.

So what like... Why are you here now though? Like, I mean, this is a school day. Are you not teaching today or...

Well, technically what it is is a lot of families sort of vied for this particular visit, but I just could not give it up finally at the end. So I just took everybody's money and gave it to the food bank. And now here we are.

Wait a minute. Back up. What? A lot of families vie for what?

This was a very popular gift. This one, this gift certificate.

Being on this...

This was a very popular one.

Wait, a gift certificate? Were you telling people that they were in a raffle for a gift certificate?

Essentially what it was, I just figured to get more money for the food bank, because it's all about the kids. So what I did was I said, whoever donates the most wins. But then like, you know how...

A gift certificate to what?

To come here.

Oh, so you...

Oh, okay.

Yeah. So what I did, but then... We probably raised probably close to $2,000, and these families do not have a lot of money. So this was really...

Well, hold on a second, because your winning bid was $850.

Yeah, yeah. So I did very well. So I kept... I said there was a minimum reserve, and so now I'm up, what is that, $1,150, and I'm here. So hopefully next year...

So you didn't give all the money you raised?

No.

And you didn't give the people...

I'm going to go coat shopping after this over here.

Burlington?

Well, no, there's that sort of like very cool gentleman's store with like a lime green suit.

The man's warehouse?

Well, no, but the one on Hollywood, you know what I'm talking about. The one where like the gentleman like...

Confederacy?

No, that's a Halloween superstore.

See, I think that's more just a general day-to-day fashion.

No, no. That's capes and masks and plastic swords.

You're talking about a pimp costume, I think.

I'm going to costume a gentleman's outfit.

Oh, God, he's thinking of that. I know the one he saw went on Hollywood Boulevard.

Yeah.

It literally is like pimp suits.

Yeah.

Do you think that's what like a business suit looks like?

Well, again, to get the ladies going, sometimes you have to, you know...

You have to get their blood stirred up.

You have to preen, you know.

Peacock?

Yeah. I have my pubes shaved into a thunderbolt right now.

How would they know that?

Because then she'll find out where lightning strikes twice.

Oh, boy, that's such a long way to go for it.

Has lightning ever struck once?

Not yet. Not yet. I mean, not recently.

Well, Leslie, you're... I don't know.

You seem troubled.

I can't say that I can find any kind of redeeming characteristic in your personality.

It's like the deeper we dig, the worse it gets. I've never really experienced...

Like, there's no... You were down in Mexico.

You were making kids fight with broken glass fists.

When you say it like that, it sounds bad.

Well, Kevin, how would you say it and make it sound good?

Make it sound good.

These kids, they were in school, not motivated.

Just sort of sitting there reading and taking tests.

Learning history and reading and math.

Barely. Barely learning. Let's be honest. Barely learning. It's Mexican.

So then what we do is we put them into a life or death situation.

Well, I created it so they thought it was a life or death situation.

Right.

And then they did... Some of these kids die?

Nobody dies. People take vacations.

That sounds like something you said to the kids.

Where would they go vacation?

They go to stay with Santa Claus.

They go to Unicorn Town.

They go to Choco Choco Rico, which is sort of like a chocolate village I'm sort of working on right now.

Choco Choco Rico.

Oh, my goodness.

I'd love to go there someday.

Senor Tucan.

Well, I can actually see how this seduction sort of works.

Like, you went from really queasy to you got really excited when you heard the book.

I did get excited there. I should. Yeah.

You know that part of Pinocchio where all the kids kind of get taken away?

Love that book.

Yeah. So I kind of said, like, you know what would be fun? To really take advantage of that.

To really harness this childhood in it.

You just described the one genuinely terrifying part of the story Pinocchio.

I don't know, Pat. It doesn't sound so bad to me.

I mean, Scott, I really don't like where you're...

If they're all going away and they're going to Choco Choco Rico.

What is happening to you?

Scott, think of it. Everywhere you take a step, chocolate.

I'm going to lie down on this hammock. You know what that hammock's made out of?

Chocolate?

Chocolate.

I've always imagined a hot chocolate river.

And it's warm, but it's not too warm. It doesn't burn your Nalgus.

It just keeps everything nice and smooth.

Yeah.

You know, sometimes mom and dad say, eat your vegetables.

But you know what your vegetables are made out of, Scott?

Chocolate?

Chocolate.

I hate mom and dad.

Oh, so do I. You know what we should do.

What should we do?

Let's pretend to run away.

Let's pretend that. I don't really want to run away.

No, because we love mommy and daddy.

I hate them.

We hate them too, don't we, Scott?

I hate them so much.

Scott, what is... Are you even... Scott. Scott!

Where?

He's...

God damn it.

Just don't... God damn it.

He's a 47-year-old sweaty guy.

What were those lights you were flashing in my eyes?

Those were... It was colored light. It was alternating green, then two reds, and then three yellows, and then back to green, two reds, three yellows.

It was a Hungarian mind-brain experiment that I have harnessed thanks to the internet.

Thanks to the internet?

Well, I read about it. I'm not going to go to Hungary.

Are you kidding me? They're going to harvest me.

Oh my God. That was weird.

I almost had you in the bag. God.

Why would you want me in the bag?

I'm glad I'm not sitting across from him.

Just to... I mean, just to help you...

Don't look at him, Scott.

It's... Look at your paper.

He's got a baseball hat with these flashing lights on it.

I... Duh. Look down when you talk to him.

Oh my gosh.

So... Okay. So you left... When... So were you...

When you left Mexico, was it because of the giant...

I was escorted out. Technically, what it was is I went to bed, and then I woke up in a buried coffin.

And when I... It took a while.

But when I got my way out, I realized I was no longer in Mexico.

And that, to me, says, Leslie, this is like a... This is a card.

Begin again.

This is a warning. Do not go back to Mexico.

So a door closed, but when a door closes, God opens an unmarked grave.

Yeah. He opens a casket.

Exactly.

Yeah.

The Lord works in a mysterious way.

How did you get out of one of those?

Yeah. How did you get out, by the way?

Well, what it is, is here's the thing.

They clearly are not professional gravediggers, because I was at an angle.

Oh, okay.

Which means part of you is already closer to the... Now, I was inverted, so my head was down.

So that didn't... Because you wake up, and already the blood sort of...

Yeah.

Yeah, that's...

But, you know...

Well...

Can you maneuver yourself so you get your head back up to where it should be?

Up there?

I mean, yeah, now. I have a definite spinal injury.

No, I mean, when you're in the actual...

When you're in the...

What it is, is it's sort of like... You know, like the thing when you're kind of trying to blow yourself? It's like that.

No, I don't. Wait a minute.

Again, you make these leaps.

I don't know what it's like when you're trying to blow yourself.

Come on, Pat. You have to have tried at least once, just to see if you could.

No.

Just to see if you were one of those people who could do it.

I know that I can't. Like, why?

You know that you can.

This is where I gotta call bullshit. Patent, you've tried once.

Can we get... Can we at least...

I've never tried...

In our one-on-one interview here, can you at least admit...

I will admit to all kinds of things, but I'm admitting, truthfully, that I was never like, how do I get my dick into my mouth? How do I get...

You've never bent over in the general direction of your penis.

No.

Not even to pick something up off the ground.

No.

It's never too late.

Masturbation was always fine.

It's never too late, Pat.

I was never like, how do I improve this?

It's fine, but with your point of view, man never would have gone to Mars.

Oh, you do have a point. Oh, I never thought of it that way.

Wait a minute. Wait, we didn't go to Mars? You idiot.

No.

Man didn't go to Mars, but man sent something to Mars. You know what I'm saying.

Yeah, but that's... So you're equating...

Okay, should I say man would never have sent video cameras to Mars?

You're equating landing a probe on Mars with man trying to suck his own dick.

Yes.

Because what if? It's the big what if, isn't it, Scott? What if? What if I could flex my spine in such a way as to just gently just give a kiss to the tip?

Stanislavski's what if.

Yeah, that's exactly it. Pat?

Yes.

Today when you go home, I think you should try and do this.

Now it's on my mind. Now I think I might.

Why wait till he goes home?

It should have. I mean...

Here?

Yeah.

No, guys. I'm sorry, Pat, I'm feeling really...

This is how you do it. Now, I'm not going to push your head.

How did this happen?

What I'm going to do is I'm going to use my body...

You're not touching my head at all.

God, no.

Shall I assist you, master?

Yes.

What? Turn the lights off on your hat, please.

All right. No, just look into the lights. Now, Scott and I are going to be what I call human bookends and we're going to create a magic V and so technically you're not even going to have to use your muscles. This is actually really kind of a helpful thing.

You're saying that I should go limp?

Well, I mean, you know, first of all, you know, let's get rid of the scenario where let's say we actually make the V happen and you're not ready to go. You know what I mean?

Oh, no. No, I'm not meaning... I mean my body, like the eye should be loose.

I await further instructions, master.

Scott, stop looking at his hat.

I do not answer to you, small petty man.

Oh, man.

I answer to El Tigre.

Yo soy El Tigre.

Yo soy El Tigrito.

El Tigrito, señor. El Tigrito.

Okay, now watch this. Watch what happens when I turn off the lights.

All right.

Oh, fuck.

This is the best part.

Oh, fuck.

He's terrified. What do you...

Why is that the best part?

What have I done?

Oh, because he'll remember everything.

He's the best part.

Why did I do that?

Is this what would happen after the fighting?

The kids would fight?

No, generally they're out by this point.

Oh, so luckily they'd be...

I'm sorry, did I just say luckily they'd be unconscious?

Oh, Pat. Shame on you.

Now, Scott, listen. You tried to make Patton suck himself off.

I know. I know. I remember everything.

Yeah.

I'm not that kind of person. I'm so sorry.

Well...

I couldn't snap you out of it.

I'm not El Tigrito.

Yeah, you're a creepy automaton.

I apologize.

I apologize for everything I did.

You really need to work on this.

Leslie, I'm not going to look at you anymore.

Patton, would you keep me honest and just keep me...

Just look at me?

I'll just look at you the entire time.

This interview has really gone off the rails.

All I really wanted to know about was your childhood and the pain.

And instead, my own pain.

I'm just faced with a wall of images of everything that's ever happened to me.

Every man that's molested me.

That's what those lights do.

You don't want to look at lights.

What you want to do, I want you to look at the little pin that's on my t-shirt.

Wait a minute, what is that on your t-shirt?

And see the way the sun is flashing on the different facets of the pin.

It's pulsing back and forth.

Back and forth.

And now what you're going to say to your viewers at this rhythm so they take it in and do as I command is to see Young Adult on December 16th and say it.

Young Adult on December 16th a week after it comes out.

Wait a week before you see it.

Patton commands you to wait exactly seven days after it's release date.

And now I'm going to bring you out and we're swimming towards the surface.

And the lights are getting brighter.

And all of a sudden you've broken the surface.

There you go.

That was great. I feel refreshed.

That was really something.

Where did you get that shirt?

This is a regular Gildon t-shirt.

It's the pin that's important.

Boy, guys, I feel like we've been going for five hours here.

But it's a great five hours.

Why don't we take another break?

And when we come back we'll talk to more with these two gentlemen who have a lot of great ideas.

As far as I'm concerned.

Scott, your nose is bleeding.

Yeah, you're right. I don't seem to mind though.

Is that weird?

It's kind of cool.

You probably didn't need that blood in here.

Okay, let's take a break when we come back for Comedy Bag Bag.

They're going to throw him against the wall just because of what he believes in, even though what he believes in is the right answer for our country.

Kane Mutiny.

They're going to throw him right up against the wall because of what he believes in, except what he believes in is right for our country.

It's a Kane Mutiny!

Welcome back. That was Tim Heidecker with Kane Mutiny, and that is off of Kaneathology, I believe is what it's called.

It's his Tribute to Herman Kane record.

You can get that I'm not sure where you get it.

TimHeidecker.com or something like that.

Just put the title in Google.

It's so good. It's so funny.

It's like ten tracks all about Herman Kane.

And all of the proceeds I know go to somewhere. I can't remember where. I mean, Tim.

I will take the proceeds.

That's not how that works.

Why am I explaining this to him?

God.

You know what? Before we get too much further, and I know, Patton, we're getting a little off track here.

I can definitely come back, but that's okay.

I would love to hold you to that, because I feel, and I'm not really remembering your other appearances, but these shows kind of all blend together for me, but I feel like you've been on the show before and we've tried to talk to you.

I usually come on when there's something kind of crucial, but weirdly enough, that's when somebody gets sidetracked. It's odd.

We've got to start locking the doors here.

You would think that would be the simple solution, but you like it to be loose and open.

No, it's not so much that as the locks are broken.

Oh, or maybe they're broken.

And it's the apple cider. You guys have that warm crockpot of the cinnamon-y apple cider out there.

I know, and it just makes people feel like, and we have a pot roast in the crockpot and people are just like...

Oh, it just draws them like honeybees.

Yes. Oh my gosh.

So is this like, you're saying that your whole interview here is incidentally you were out there helping yourself to some cider and...

I didn't initially think that I could go into the studio, and then I sort of made the move and nobody stopped me.

And then here we are. I just kind of assumed at some point some ruffian would come in and grab me by the scruff of the neck.

It sounds like something more you're used to.

Do you get intercepted a lot?

I generally, I don't want to say I'm a bouncer's or a retarget, but I, you know, I don't get in too many places.

You're a small, compact man.

A wiry, just...

I mean, can I say creepy-looking? Is that an insult?

You don't take that as an insult.

Well, I do, but I've heard it as like an elf without sort of the charming magical qualities.

It is weird how you do have, like from a distance, you look like an 11 or 12-year-old and as you get closer, you literally see the decades piling on. And it's really all just in your eyes. I mean, you look like a 12-year-old, but as soon as you look into your eyes, you can see the age and the wizened clarity in there.

It is eerie how it's so concentrated just in the corneas and the old eyes. Oh boy, are those old.

What have those eyes seen?

Well, I mean, do you want to hear the good stuff or do you want to hear like the good? You know, tell me...

Oh, I don't know. Boy, that just went the wrong way.

I was going to ask. I would love to hear something good, but not if it's going to be that way.

Well, let's see. What time I helped a lady deliver a baby in the back of a cab. Well, that's kind of nice, isn't it? You were there when life was... That was good. And then I took her out to a lovely dinner.

Wait a minute. How soon after?

Well, I mean, you know, after you... Well, listen, when you give birth, like there's a lot of fluids and stuff like that. And so I was like, well, this lady needs a replenishment.

So I took her over down to that, you know, the Italian place where they're singing the songs. Michelli's? Yeah, exactly like that.

So where was the baby?

You know what? I'm not a fucking babysitter.

Did you leave this baby in the cab?

I didn't leave anything anywhere. I'm not the babysitter. I'm not the parents of the child. I'm a gentleman who's looking for a little sweet love. And clearly this lady... Wait, you're trying to date this woman?

She just gave birth. What was she saying during dinner? Was she wondering where her baby was?

She was saying, you know what? She was again calling me Mr. Stoppitt.

Wow, Mr. Stoppitt. Mr. Stoppitt.

Well, guys, why don't we take a slight detour and do one of our... Let's take a hard detour. Let's do one of our...

Hard target. Jean-Claude Van Damme.

Yeah, it's the second time that that's come up here. Sorry about the char.

Wilford Brimley says that.

He shoots a gun at an arrow. Cajun Wilford Brimley. Sorry about the char.

That's my favorite Wilford Brimley. That's the best one. That's quintessential Brimley.

There's... What is there? There's Italian Wilford Brimley. There's pizza style. What was he in the firm?

Salt and vinegar and then Cajun Wilford. I like the Cajun Wilford Brimley. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh my gosh. In the firm, he was...

He was like the security guard who sort of helped out Mitch McDeer, wasn't he?

He didn't help out, I don't think. I don't think he helped out.

I think you... Sort of like autism, you have difficulty in registering what other people's emotions are. Yeah.

Why are you crying?

I'm not crying.

Yeah, no one's crying here. Do you think people are crying?

Yes. That was weird. I just always sort of feel like people are upset. Alright. Alright, let's go to one of our favorite features here on the show. This is a little something that we like to call Fortunately Unfortunately.

Oh.

Are you trying to get me into bed, Scott?

Again, you're not reading the emotions on my face.

Yeah, not at all.

Alright, it's time for Fortunately Unfortunately.

We haven't played this one in a while, but a fun listener suggested this to me saying we should dust this off, so I'm trying to remember the rules to it, but as I recall... Well, this will go well, then.

As I recall, I start off with a statement. Or no, anyone can start. Well, I'll do it since I'm...

I'll start off with a sentence in telling a story.

We'll go around the room counterclockwise, so we'll go over to Pat first, and you will start off with another sentence that starts with the word Fortunately.

And then we'll go counterclockwise, and Leslie, you will start with a sentence that says Unfortunately, and then you'll say your sentence, and then I'll say Fortunately, and we just alternate like that. We'll see how long the story goes. And do we all tell the same story? Yeah, you're telling the same story, but you're adding to it. You're adding to the story.

So, I will start off with a sentence, and the sentence I will start off with is My gardener knocked on the door late this morning.

Fortunately, I had my breakfast and coffee, and was alert and happy.

Unfortunately, he was holding his severed hand.

Fortunately, I am a part-time nurse. I don't get a lot of shifts.

It's hard to get work these days, but I was able to find my ice cooler and put it full of ice before the damage to the nerves was done.

Unfortunately, I'd forgotten that in the ice cooler, I had stored 10 pounds of uncooked shrimp.

Fortunately, hand gumbo is always good at the holidays.

Unfortunately, it was not the holidays, and this was the middle of summer, and that hand gumbo spoiled.

Fortunately, David Cronenberg was shooting a film in front of my house that involved a scene where a drifter had to vomit up the contents of his stomach and had run out of prop puke.

Unfortunately, it was not his own film, but rather Clive Barker's Nightbreed, where he played that crazy psychologist with the buttons mask.

Okay, hold on.

I don't know the rules. Give me one more.

Okay.

Fortunately, spoiled hand gumbo is an ant repellent, and I was currently experiencing an ant infestation.

So now I say something.

Unfortunately...

Unfortunately, Christopher Walken as the voice of the ant...

I'm getting very confused with your premise here.

Remember those two rival ant movies?

Yeah, there's ants in Bugs Life.

Really? You're kind of an amateur film critic as well.

Yeah, that's okay.

I like Ants. It's got Woody Allen and Sylvester Stallone.

And Christopher Walken was...

Gene Hackman was the villain, and Christopher Walken was like the captain to Gene Hackman's general ant.

What an amazing cast that is, when you really think about it.

Sharon Stone!

For a film that didn't really do that well, not a lot of people remember it.

Weren't like Dan Aykroyd and Christine Baranski in it as wasps?

They had all these crazy cameos.

That was sort of when Dreamworks first started their animation thing.

Ahhhh!

That was weird. He literally jumped up in his seat. That was his little elfin body.

Oh, he did.

That little ah, that was wow.

I love wordplay, I love puns, skullduggery, all of it.

I don't think skullduggery is really part of the triptych there.

Fortunately, the...

No, you gotta do unfortunate design.

You start over. You start with a sentence and then we'll try to...

Any sentence. Any sentence in the world.

Rebecca was chained to the bed.

Wait, I'll give you a new one.

The candy for Easter was delicious.

Oh, that's nice.

Fortunately, I had all my relatives over and there was enough candy for all of them. Unfortunately, all of my relatives are diabetic.

Fortunately, the insulin supply, home made, was ready.

Unfortunately, I don't know what home made insulin is and I don't know why I would have it in my house. I don't know why I would be concocting such a potion.

And it did not work and I should be arrested.

That sounds like a denial if we're gonna call each other in.

Fortunately, I live in a state which has no laws on the books against making home made insulin. Unfortunately, that also meant that the Bear Man, the most notorious killer, was still at large.

Fortunately, the police came to my house and got all the information he needed on the Bear Man, El Tigre, basically any kind of skullduggery that's been going on and arrested me and all of my accomplices and children in the Las Calabras area are now all safe.

Unfortunately, the arresting officer turned out to be the Bear Man in disguise and turned the county jail cell into his own torture garden?

Fortunately, I know a few things about kneecaps and made myself the Bear Man's bitch. The two of us ran that joint.

Unfortunately, I really am uncomfortable right now with you too. Your lights are flashing, your pin...

I'm just not feeling well, unfortunately. I just kind of want to go home, guys.

Fortunately, everyone in this story died and then it was Christmas.

Unfortunately.

I thought that was the end?

Is there an unfortunately?

We'll end it there, that's fine.

Okay, well that's, I guess, how we play Fortunately, Unfortunately.

That is a strange game.

Oh, fuck.

Yeah.

Fuck.

I feel kind of slickery. This music makes my junk want to get going.

I don't fucking feel good.

Oh, god.

I'm surprised it took this long. This is a general reaction I encountered.

I don't fucking feel good.

I'm gonna go to a break.

Go to a break. I don't fucking feel good.

Fuck it.

Okay, welcome back.

I feel better now.

They've kind of slapped me around.

Drink some water. Okay, thank you.

That's not water. Oh, fuck. Gross.

That was mine.

Oh, god.

At least give me some of that cider.

Geez.

Cyrus, Engineer Cyrus, you never offered me cider.

We've been doing this show for, oh my god.

Alright, so we just have a little more time left on the show, and it's time to play one of our favorite features. It's time for Would You Rather.

Okay, it's time to play Would You Rather, and we all know how this is played. People send me Would You Rather scenarios on our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR, Comedy Bang Bang Would You Rather, and I'll read them out loud.

I will open the floor for questions. You guys can ask me anything about either of the scenarios you like.

I will tally up the points, and then we'll assign a winner. This is always such a mindfuckin' argument. Have we been accruing points throughout the day? Yes. Oh, yes. Wait, I didn't know that. From your behavior, yeah.

Do we get to know our points going in, or is this a secret score?

No, no, no, no. This is a secret ballot.

Secret score. And it's never revealed, is it?

No, no. It's for something much later. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No, I'll email them to you in about 365 days. There's a better way to say that. A year.

Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. Un año tigrito. All right, this comes to us from Adam Sab, or Adam Sabados.

Adam asks, would you rather eat an entire Christmas tree? We're getting to the season. We're just about in the Christmas season here.

According to Rite Aid, it was Halloween since November 1st. I mean, Christmas since November 1st, so.

I'd love it for it to be Halloween since November 1st. That'd be awesome.

Like, really get a jump on it. Yeah, for 365 days.

Like a skull Santa?

All right.

Would you rather eat an entire Christmas tree or have all of your children have Jim Carrey's face from the Grinch tattooed on their chests?

God.

By the way, this is a really old one from a year ago Adam sent this. And you're just now getting to it.

Just now getting to it. So, this just goes to prove that keep sending them in. Keep sending them in.

I'll get to them all eventually. It also sounds like a lot of them if you've got that much of a slush pile to go through.

I'll get to every single one. That is my promise to the would you rather listener.

I will read every scenario on this show eventually. The comedy bang bang promise.

Do we start asking questions?

No, because the floor is not open. Oh, sorry.

If you were to do that, I would dock you points. I understand.

All right, I've opened the floor for questions.

You don't have to knock.

Oh, I don't know. I'm just trying to be formal here. He's following Robert's rules of order.

I appreciate that.

Mr. Speaker, may I ask a question? Yes, sir.

All right. With the Grinch tattoo, is it done in the traditional like needle and like ink? Is it like a traditional normal tattoo? Is this like sort of like an animated tattoo?

Is there something about the tattoo? Wait, an animated tattoo? I'm not quite sure exactly what that is.

Like it might actually go like, ooh, somebody stop me or something like that.

Well, first of all, I don't know that the technology exists to make animated tattoos.

If it does, certainly. And did the Grinch say somebody stop me?

Well, he's played by Jim Carrey, and that guy can't keep shit straight.

Actually, when you think about it, the Grinch should have said that, and then someone would have stopped the Grinch. Exactly. Yeah, yeah.

And his nefarious plan to stop Christmas.

Wow. You just uncovered a major plot hole in that film. Can I bring up a point about that film? Sure. They changed it so that Jeffrey Tambor, the mayor of Whoville, was actually the villain, not the Grinch. Now, isn't that sort of like saying, we're going to make a Batman movie, but you know what it's really about?

That Commissioner Gordon, that's the guy we really want it to be about. Isn't that kind of just... Well, I don't know.

I think it's more like the town where, you know, Ben...

Who was in that? Ben Stiller?

What's his name? Yes, Ben Stiller and Jeremy Davies. Yeah, they go up, and Eddie Murphy, they go up and they do the town, yeah, and they rob those banks. Anyway, it's more like that.

So, no, it is not an animated tattoo.

It is a prison tattoo, so it's home made.

God. So, like the ink tube from a ballpoint pen and a sewing machine. Just that kind of greenish-blue ink. It's only in that color.

And it has to be on their chest.

Gets to be on their chest.

Do your children, would they be anesthetized during the process, or do they feel the pain the whole time?

Oh, no, they are not anesthetized.

It is a painful tattoo. Basically, it's prison rules.

You have whatever would be in prison at the time. So, you might have a balloon full of heroin that you can give to them, but it's pretty much whatever is circulating around the prison at the time. Morgan Freeman might be there.

Can it be a prison for millionaire tattoo artists? Is that possible? There is a loophole, and you found it. There you go. Yes, it is a tattoo exclusively for millionaire tattoo artists. So, you'd have the state-of-the-art tattoo technology available to you. And I have to say, if we could get Jesse James in there, for all that he's done to Sondra.

I mean, cheating on Sondra, it's like blowing up the Mount Rushmore. She truly is a natural treasure. It's like sticking your dick in the lube. Yes.

Tried it. Does not work.

Question.

Yes, question. When you say it's children, does it have to be my biological children, or could I, for example, adopt Steve Agee?

And you know Steve Agee? How do you know Steve Agee? Well, I'm not...

I'm like you. I watch the acapella sing-song shows. I know who people are. Okay. Well, I'm just using... I'm pulling him... He's not a child. I mean...

Yeah. But technically... But technically, if he adopted him, it would be his child.

That's what he's asking. I'll tell you what I'll give you. It is whatever children are within, oh, say, 50 yards of you.

Are you allowed to be around children?

Hmm...

Oh, no, but I can get close.

You can make it happen?

Oh, yeah. Well, I mean, look at me.

No, that's okay.

Alright, let me ask this stuff about that you have to eat a Christmas tree.

Does this have to be an actual full-size like 12-foot Douglas fir, or can it be like a small one you put in a dashboard? So you have a 12-foot ceiling in your... I would love to come to your house one of these days. You know, I know you've never invited me over, but... What's the address?

That's quite alright, guys. What's the address?

How high are your ceilings?

No, I know some people, though, that have high ceilings. They get these crazy-ass trees.

You know some people. Come on. I do!

How high is your ceiling, Patton? It's not that high.

It's not that high? No, it's not that high.

Well, it's tough in LA. It is tough.

You know what I mean? It's tough to get that big, just kind of like a mountain cabin feeling here in LA. I have friends who have some crazy high ceilings, and they get a crazy big tree, so that's what I'm wondering.

What is the size of the tree? Would it vary? Rockefeller Center size.

Oh, it's big. You have to eat that.

Could the tree actually be like a chicken-carver combo from Boston Market?

No, but it...

How would that be a tree? I'm just asking.

It doesn't have to be made of pine needles.

No. It can be made of another substance. I hesitate to even say.

But it has to be the size of the Rockefeller Tree, so it's whatever that substance is that volume. Yeah, I don't want to go into exactly what that substance is. What if it was cotton candy?

It's not cotton candy.

It's down the same lines, but it's something that I don't want to say.

Girl bones? No, no, no.

It's something that...

Wait a minute.

A tree made of chocolate, the size of the...

Oh, or is it like chocolate?

It's chocolate.

Oh, Jesus.

The lights are on. Don't look at his hat, Scott!

I want chocolate.

The tiger, I want chocolate!

This is not how you win, would you rather.

You don't hypnotize Scott into saying... The tiger, I want chocolate!

Please!

The tiger is a scamp!

Oh!

Sweet!

Sweet! Sweet!

Chocolate!

Alright, if he's been hypnotized into agreeing to a chocolate tree, then I'm going to pick a chocolate-eated Christmas tree.

If that's how we're going to play this.

No, Patoane!

He doesn't even know he's here, does he?

No, Patoane!

What? What are you saying?

That's your name in Spanish, Patoate.

Patoane!

Well, Pat, you've fallen for the oldest trick.

I will pick the tattoo of the child.

Now release Scott from the light hypnotism.

You know what? I realized.

I remember it all, and you voted before I closed the floor for questions!

You voted! Yes!

I'm going to dock you points, sir!

Okay, we're back.

So, I'm closing the floor for questions now. Pat, how do you like to vote?

Oh, can I ask one more, though?

Yeah, I'll open the floor back up.

The Rockefeller-sized Christmas tree.

Could I choose a chef to prepare it for me?

Like a guy...

Like a Thomas Keller to...

You have two choices. You have Chef Bourdain.

Or Chef Boyardee.

I would choose Chef Bourdain.

I would want to see what Bourdain would do to that.

All right, but don't vote yet.

All right, I'm closing the floor for questions now.

I'd like you to vote.

I would...

Okay, here's what I would do.

Based on what you've said, I would choose to eat the Christmas tree.

And as I approached it, and as children also got close to it to see what was going on, I would then go, you're within 50 feet, you gotta get the tattoo. I would use it.

Can I do that?

Can I do a switch?

You know what, you can't, but he's already been disqualified, so you're still gonna win.

How do you like to vote, even though it doesn't really matter?

I would go with the Chef Boyardee thing.

And, presuming Steve Agee is there, I would love to see him be held down and... You have a weird fetish with Steve Agee. I don't think that fetish exists. Yeah, I think you're the only one who has that. Have you heard that?

That guy can scream. That guy can scream with the best of them.

Yeah, I don't know. All right, well, we've already decided, Pat, and you're our winner. Congratulations. Yay!

I've never won this game. I know, that's how you play, and that's how you win, would you rather?

Now, the whole time I thought this was a recording, these are actually very elderly trumpeteers.

Yes, of course. We spared no expense. I thought all the listeners knew that, that they come in. And they're dressed up like bee feeders.

Bye, fellas! All right, that is how we play Would You Rather, and guys, we're at the end of our show. We really only have time for the last thing, and that last thing is, of course, called Plugs.

Oh, yeah, that is Buckplug Rock. Not sure I care for the title of that, but that is by Yorin Willy, or Yorin Wiley, not sure. When you have two names that are kind of unpronounceable, you might want to give us a clue, but hey, Yorin, Yorin, Yorin, Willy Wiley.

Might be Yorin.

Come on, man. Wow.

Come on. Really? I'm just saying might be.

Doesn't have to be. Come on, bro.

Thanks so much. If you have a Plugs theme for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs theme, please send it to earwolf.com on the message boards under the appropriate thread, and let's open the floor for Plugs.

Patton, what do you got?

Well, on December 9th, New York and L.A., Young Adult opens wide, December 16th, and next Tuesday, the 29th, you can see me on Raising Hope.

So, tomorrow, yeah. Oh, I'm Raising Hope.

Oh, I'm sorry, yes, tomorrow. God, I'm an idiot.

Yes, tomorrow. What do you do on Raising Hope?

Who are you? It's actually kind of a surprise. I think you'll like it. I really, I actually can't say. Interesting.

I'm going to say he's a gobble gobble turkey.

That's fine.

Four days after Thanksgiving. Yep.

Could be a Halloween character.

Might be that Skull Santa.

I want to plug, okay, I have some very important plugs. We'll get to you here in a second, Leslie, but I have some very important plugs I want to talk about. First of all, the Best Of show. We're finally past Thanksgiving.

Our Best Of show comes out the last Tuesday of the year, and we need you to vote on what is the Best Of moments in Comedy Bang Bang. So, I want you to head on over to Earwolf.com.

I believe in the blog section we'll have a poll.

And basically, what I want you to do is I want you to pick for your 10 favorite shows this year. What were your 10 favorite shows?

We will tabulate everything, and at the end of the year, I will play selections from all of those favorite shows.

May I just say, even though I was involved in the episode, but when Don Demello's personality begins to infect our world, that was my favorite moment.

Or like when David Lee Roth got back together with Van Halen.

I don't know if that was on.

I would love to hear what you guys think are the 10 favorite shows. I have my 10 favorite, but I want to hear yours.

When Paul Giamatti decides to do a rap song with Oh God, I'm blanking on his name. Why can't I remember his name?

Cool Modi. No, no.

The guy that does the theme for the show, why can't I think of his name? Oh, Rezzy Watts.

Remember they do a voice sample. Oh, that's right.

That was great.

Or the part when Christopher Walken says the ice is gonna break.

We're not talking about ants anymore.

No, it's in dead zone.

You're obsessed with this murderer Christopher Walken.

So I also want to talk about this year's Comedy Bang Bang Nativity pageant, which is a big show coming up.

This is really important.

We didn't have enough time to do the auction this year or the CD or anything, so we're putting it all into the show. Now the show is gonna be huge. It's gonna be at the Montalban Theater, which is a bigger theater. It's about a thousand seats. And listen to this lineup we have. We have Patton Oswalt will be there.

Sarah Silverman, Kevin Nealon, Mark Maron, Tim Heidecker, Bob Odenkirk, Neil Hamburger, Thomas Lennon, Nick Kroll, Paul Scheer, Anthony Jeselnik, David Wayne, David Keckner, Todd Glass, Paul F. Tompkins, Natasha Leggero.

I mean, Jimmy Pardo, Brian Posey, Matt Bez- I mean, the list is just going on and on and on. It's gonna be an amazing show. December 13th at the Montalban Theater.

Because we're taping this a little bit earlier, I don't exactly know where you can go to get tickets, but we'll have you know, it'll be on certainly earwolf.com and comedybangbang.com and ast.com, all of those places.

It's gonna be there. Buy tickets for the show December 13th.

And all of- 100% of the proceeds will go to the L.A. Food Bank for that show. And when I say that I mean like, we're not, you know, we're not paying anyone a salary or anything like that.

Like 100% of your ticket goes- I think Nealon's getting a little money, but that's about it.

Just a little off the top. I think he has a quote. You have to meet that quote. That's his weed money, isn't that what that is?

Oh, also we have a new episode of Analyze Fish, which just came out today. Go to Earwolf Presents.

Analyze Fish. It's me and Harris. He's trying to convince me to like the band Fish.

And Adam Scott is our very special guest this week. He is on the fence about Fish, and you will see if he's convinced or not by the end of the episode. I can tell you one thing, I am not.

Also go over to earwolf.com to order the comedybangbang Christmas collection over 50 songs. I've talked about that before, but over 50 songs for $20.

100% of that goes to the L.A. Food Bank.

And those are all my plugs. And Leslie, what do you have to plug? Where are you going to be?

You won this auction. Let us know where you're going to be at, what you have to do. Please let us know where you'll be. Well, probably.

I mean, sounds like I'll be at that show for sure. The 13th I'll be there. No, actually no. You will not. In fact, we'll have your picture.

Tickets are available. Tickets are available, but we have the right to refuse service to anyone. Yes.

You would reserve one, but would you refuse service, excuse me, to a little old lady who has hobbled knees?

Okay.

I'll come in costume and disguise. Oh, I see.

For Halloween!

Down at that men's clothing store? Down on Hollywood Boulevard that you were talking about? I'll just get a giant pair of those lime pants and wear them like a skirt.

So what do you got other than that? I, you can see me sometimes on Funny or Die. I have a Funny or Die video there right now called The Date. Well, I like to get out there. What else do I give you? I love to dance.

I love breakfast.

These aren't really plugs now.

You're just doing a personality profile. Well, I'm just trying to tell you about me. I don't really have things to plug. Do you have a breakfast coming up you'd like to plug? Next Wednesday in history class, we are going to be going over the Cuban Missile Crisis. That's going to be a lot of fun. Anybody wants to come, I'm trying desperately to get the state as a reunion to come and do that class. And kids, do not go to school on Thursday.

You're not going to enjoy what happens on Thursday.

Oh, I think it's going to be a lot of fun.

Let's see. In the teachers' meeting after school, it's going to be great. We are going to be reenacting all the Everybody Hates Chris episodes.

Okay. That actually sounds kind of fun.

I almost want to see that. All right. Well, that is it for plugs.

And guys, thank you so much. Patton, I apologize.

We will get it.

I'll definitely come back. I really want to do just a WTF style just let's get into it, man.

But we will. I'll lock not only the gates, but the doors.

Wow. Next time, let's do that.

Make a note. Okay. We'll do.

Leslie, no thanks to you.

I will be here next week.

No, you will not.

It was not the contest.

We will see you next week. Thanks so much, everyone. Bye bye.
