He was on our second episode ever. Saturday Night Live's Kevin Nealon is here in the studio.

You know him, you love him. Also from Parks and Recreation, he plays Aziz Ansari's business partner, Jean Raphael, on that show. Ben Schwartz is here in the studio, plus a very special first-time guest. We've never had her before in the studio. All of that and more, all on today's...

I don't know how I got on Saturday Night Live. I don't do characters, I don't do impressions, and I guess they were just looking for somebody tall. So Dana Carvey called me. He said, hey, I'm at Lauren's house in the Hamptons. I'm in a back bedroom. Guess who's in the kitchen?

It's Dan Aykroyd and Paul Simon. I said, no way. He goes, yeah. Anyway, I recommended you for the show. I think they're going to want to see your tapes. I said, yeah, really? Paul Simon's out there. Because I don't do impressions or characters and everybody would be on there. So I sent them in, sent them my tape, and a week later Dana calls me from Lauren's house again. Has the show started? Is this rolling? Just keep going. He's been doing this for an hour. I'm going to intro the show while you talk. Why don't you... I think they like you. Guess who's out in the kitchen?

Suffer and Suckalout. Steve Martin and Dan Aykroyd. No way. Suffer and Suckalout, that's our catchphrase.

He said, I think they like your tapes. They're going to fly you in. I said, whatever.

Jacob Pierce. That's amazing. Submitted that. So welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang.

I did my little standup. My name is Hot Sauce Man. I'm an internet host and we're here in the middle of a two-hour conversation with Kevin Nealon about just how he got the job. So let me think about it over the weekend. Did you move just then? Did you move literally right then? Like four days later. That's crazy. Yeah. We're just reaching, I think, the tail end of... He's actually described me and everything. When he got the job. That's smart. And how he got the job. Look at the guns on you, man. I don't want to talk about it. I'm talking to Amy. Oh, sorry. Look at the guns. Is that what they call them, guns? Yeah, they call them guns. They call them muscles or guns. Concealed weapons? Yeah. Can I say that story was like four hours long? Wow. I mean, it was incredible. You started rolling, but he was telling that story for four hours. I got here before any of you guys. I started telling it. I know. And then when you came in, it made it better. Yeah. I wish we had been rolling the entire four hours, but all of that is lost to the mists of time. Yep. Well, you asked.

I did. I did. I asked you via email if you would talk about it on the show and you showed it four hours ago and just started telling it. Welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang, of course, and I'm here with my guests. We have Kevin Nealon here in the studio. I'm sure you knew who that was just from his story. So anyway, I fly in to New York and I do the... Please don't. You've done the whole thing already. Okay. That's the last time I'm ever telling that story again. I guarantee that's incorrect. How'd you get SNL, by the way? Well, what I did... Amy, you should be on SNL. You do all the characters. You do the impressions. Oh, I know. She's not here right now. She's not here right now. Okay. Great. Now we have to start from the beginning. He's got to tell that story again. We also have to my left here is Ben Schwartz. You know him from Parks and Rec this year as Jean Raphael. Was that your name on that? Yeah, Jean Raphael. Sure. Jean Raphael. Jean Raphael.

Hey, Ben, were you always an actor or were you a writer? Or are you both currently?

Oh, I'm both currently. I started by doing improv and sketch. Oh, so not as a writer?

No. Well, I freelance for Letterman in Weekend Update for a while. So before I had anything, while I was taking classes... Freelance for Letterman, what do you mean in what way? Like his monologue. And then Weekend Update... You mean you sent in jokes? Yeah. Do you remember any of your jokes that got on? I remember the one that I got on Weekend Update because it was huge for me. I've been like... I believe we've talked about this, but go ahead. That was years ago. I think it was two years ago. So I'd love to hear it again. Neil, would you have told this joke when you're on the desk? I'm going to tell you the joke. Well, I had a lot of people faxing on me jokes too. Is that true? Yeah, I did. I paid $50 a joke. What do they pay now? When I was doing it for SNL was a hundred a joke. Really? It was. Letterman was less than that. Oh. You would personally pay it? Yeah. Yeah. I remember getting a check from... It was Tina Fey's company or something like that. Really? Yeah. I think that's what it is, right? You're desperate. You want jokes up there because you're sitting up there alone. Well, a big part of that job is telling jokes. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, you need some. Right. What was the joke? Let me see if I would have told it. I got two jokes. Horatio Sands was subbing in... You don't have to close your eyes.

No, I'm listening. I like to close my eyes while I'm listening. I'm pretending I'm there. You don't have to take off your pants. I'm watching me deliver this joke. All right. So Horatio Sands subbed in for Tina because she was having a baby. So this Horatio... Wait, Neil, I'm going to pop it on. Can you hear me? Yeah. All right, cool. He just fell asleep for a tiny bit. And so it was as follows. Let's see if I remember. It was a new study shows that laughter... Oh, inside the doctor's office, laughter is, in fact, the best medicine. Unless you have cancer, then you should get chemo. And so that one... And then the other one was, the mint released a new nickel showing Thomas Jefferson with a hint of a smile, a smile that says, oh, you see that slave over there? Yeah, I tapped that ass. I mean, at the time, you know, they were... I couldn't believe they said them.

They were topical too at the time. They were topical at the time. They made sense at the time.

And you're an Emmy-winning writer. I won an Emmy for the Oscars. That is awesome. Congratulations.

Kevin knows nothing about me. We've hung out a couple of times. No, no, I know that. I love it when award shows are nominated for other award shows. Yeah. Isn't that the craziest thing? That's my favorite thing. The best thing in the universe. I hope the Emmys win an Oscar this year. I hope they will. I know. Why all the love the other way around? Well, an Emmy can win an Emmy, can't it?

I hope so. Yeah. I'm sure, right, to produce an Emmy show, like a show for the Emmys, to produce the Emmys. You could probably win best producer next year. I think they should give an Emmy for best Emmy. Oh, I think so too. That they gave that year. At the end of the show, they say, this was our favorite Emmy. How about an Emmy for the best acceptance speech? That would be amazing.

Not bad. But you have to win the Emmy to get it or do people... Can anyone give an acceptance speech?

You know what? I hate to say this, but maybe it's time for another award show. Maybe the best speeches, the best acceptance speeches and the worst, you know, all that. And we just call them from every award show that has gone on during the year, from the People's Choice. You show some of the past ones, you know, like, you liked me, you really liked me, you know, all that stuff.

That's good. Do you think that would win every year? You liked me, you really liked me. I think it would. It's probably going to be in the running every year, right? It'll be up there. That's like the Ted Danson of award speeches. What does that mean? When he was on Cheers, he got nominated every year. Oh, I thought you meant at the Whoopi Goldberg roast. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, no.

Do I tell you my Cheers story? I would love to hear it. Were you on Cheers? Yeah. No, no, no.

But I almost was. I auditioned for the part of Sam, the bartender. Yes. Wait, wait, wait. Sam was the...

Sam Alone. Sam Alone. I'm trying to picture this show. Ted Danson. It's the one with...

I know Ted Danson's on it. Frazier. Who's Sam Alone? Sam, okay. In television, actors play different roles. Oh, is that why they kept calling Ted Danson Sam? Sam, yes. Oh, okay, go ahead.

It wasn't a nickname. Yeah. No, he took on a character's name. Okay. But so... And attribute.

I was out here for maybe two years, and I go to audition for this role, and they love me, five, six callbacks. They look at each other, the Charles brothers, and they look at each other, they go, we're not going to get any closer than this. Whoa. And I walked outside the studio, I looked at Paramount, I thought, hey, it's my new home. This business is not that hard.

Week goes by, two weeks, we don't hear anything. And I hear they're looking at older guys.

You turn on the TV. You turn on NBC. Still waiting. Where everybody knows your name.

It's like, oh, man, I'm late to set. It's already running 13 seasons. That's crazy.

How long have you been here? Since 1978, 79. And what year was this? That was 1985.

80. That was a little late in the run. 1978 was in 1978. But no, I think it was around 80 something. Yeah, something like that, 82, 81, something like that. Wow, crazy. It was crazy.

What a different life you would have had. I know. Did you ever do a pilot? Did you ever do one of those shows before you got SNL? No. No. No. That was the first TV show you did, or the first? I did a guest spot on a show called Scarecrow and Mrs. King. Oh, I remember that show with Bruce Box-Lightner. Bruce Box-Lightner. And Kate Jackson. Yeah. Right. One of the Jackson 5.

One of the Jackson 5. I didn't know. Are you sure? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She was always backup though. She didn't have like a lead voice. I don't remember her. Are you sure? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'm positive. I'll take your word for it. HIV positive. Oh. Scott.

Come on. Come on. We're just kidding. Guys, thank you so much for coming. That's it. It's over?

We're done. That was great. You can put money in there. I do want to, I have a little something here for you guys. And, you know, this is- Is this a swag bag? Swag. Already? Yeah, just go through the line if you want, pick out your sizes. But, whoa, what happened? Hey, don't turn me down there. Come on. Oh, sorry. Turn me right back. Oh, I didn't think you were hooked up to that. It is December. There's a nip in the air, as we all know. So racist.

And it's time for a little something. It's a new feature on the show. And because it's December, we thought we'd play this. It's time for the Subjective Holiday Quiz.

Yeah. All right. It's time for the Subjective Holiday Quiz. We all know how this is played.

I'll ask you questions and whoever gets the most right will be the winner. All right. So, we'll start with Ben. True. Am I pronouncing that correctly? B-B-Ben? Yeah, B-B-Ben is my correct name. It's like how Scooby-Doo when he finds a ghost. That's how you pronounce my name.

Why did it take so long for them to get traction on the air when they ran away?

Because they're running so fast, their feet could barely touch the ground.

And then there's always that little... You're being very racist, Kevin.

Yeah. What was that? That was some sort of African...

What are you doing there? Come on, man. Keep that out of the studio. Not here. Not now. All right. So, here we go. Let's do it. Ben, you ready for the first question? Absolutely. I'm gonna hit it hard. All right. Which color is least wrong to describe a Christmas tree? A, blue. B, red. C, purple. Least wrong? Mm-hmm. I'm gonna say blue because blue is Hanukkah. Sorry, we were looking for red. Oh. Sorry. All right, Kevin. I would have thought purple because, you know, a lot of blue lights on the tree and red lights on the tree. Well, maybe when it's your fucking turn, you could say that. Wow. Jesus Christ. So racist, man. Did you hear him? You are a competitive.

Well, did you hear him? Wow. It wasn't even his turn. He said purple. Like, he owns the color purple. I'm just trying to help you. Oh, stop it, Neela. I own the color purple. I'm Blu-ray.

Out this Christmas. Speaking of Christmas, Kevin, here we go. Ready for your question.

I hope he fails. Blue. Blue. Who is better? A, the wise men. B, the shepherds. C, Joseph and Mary.

Better than who? Hmm. Who is better? Who is better than whom? Correct. Then all those, who's the best, you mean? Who is better? Better. Okay. I still don't know what you mean, but I'm gonna take a guess. I'm gonna say the wise men because they're wise. You are correct. The wise men. Oh, you're sucking his dick, Scott. You're putting that sloppy big cock in your mouth.

Why couldn't you guess red for the tree? I don't know you're right. I'm sorry. All right, Ben. Here we go. Ready? Watch this, Neela. Do you think Jesus died at the age of 33?

What's my other option, that he became like the rock? It's just a yes or no question. Do you think that Jesus died at the age of 33? Yeah, no. No, I don't. You are correct. You are correct.

How old is he? He did not exist. So that's one to one at this point. Great. Well, actually not one to one. It's okay. You have your chance right now. Yeah, you have a chance to take the lead here or we'll remain tied up. Neela, you're gonna win. I feel it. All right, Neela, here we go. In order for people to better know what you are referring to, how should you spell Hanukkah? A-C-H-A-N-U-K-A-H, B-H-A-N-U-K-K-A-H. Or C-C-H-R-I-S-T-M-A-S. I'm gonna go with B, the second one. I'm sorry. No, it's A. To better know what I'm talking about? To better for people to better understand what you're talking about. You're wrong on this one. Whoa, Kevin. No, he is wrong. He's a Jew hater.

This is a subjective holiday quiz. He's a Jew hater. Oh, it's subjective. Yes. Oh, okay.

All right, Ben, you ready? We're still going? Yeah. What is the difference between December and November? Can I answer or are there options? Yes, there are no options. Joy.

Joy. I'm sorry. No, we were looking for a slight change in weather.

You're like a dictator game show host. It's amazing. This is the best game I've ever played in my life. All right, Neil, here we go. You have time to take the lead here. Okay, now that I know it's subjective. Yeah, it's subjective. All right. Is that me subjective or you subjective?

It's subjective. I have the answers, but they're subjective. You're so bad at this. I told you you'd be terrible at these podcasts. No, I said subjective means what I think is right.

It's what I think is right. So it's your subjective. Yes. Okay. What during Christmas is more special than spending time with family? Spending time with yourself.

That is correct. And the winner at the end of three rounds, Kevin Neeling. Congratulations.

That's how we play the subjective holiday quiz. He deserves it.

Wow. How do you feel? I feel vindicated, I think. Vindictive, you were about to say.

Vindictive as well, yeah. All right, guys, let's sing. That's exactly what I was going to say.

I can't believe Hanukkah is right around the corner. It is. Can you believe it?

It seems like just 12 days ago. By the way, I'll be at Caroline's this month.

Caroline who? Sometimes this month. Caroline's in New York City.

Caroline Ray has her show back. All right, guys, let's take a break. When we come back, we'll have another special guest here on the show. And let's play a little something from the Comedy Bang Bang Christmas Collection, which is of course on sale now at earwolf.com.

All proceeds going to charity. Let's hear a little Do They Know It's Christmas?

And we'll be right back. More Kevin Neeling, more Ben Schwartz.

It's Christmas time, and there's no need to be afraid.

At Christmas time, we let in light and we ban all shade.

In our world of plenty, we can spread a smile of joy.

Throw your arms around the world at Christmas time.

But say a prayer, pray for the other ones. At Christmas time, it's hard, but when you're having fun.

There's a world outside your window, and it's a world of dread and fear.

Where the only water flowing is the bitter sting of tears.

And the Christmas bells that ring there are the clanging chimes of doom.

Well tonight, thank God, it's them instead of you. And there won't be snow in Africa this Christmas time.

The greatest gift they'll get this year is life.

Wow, wow, wow, where nothing ever grows.

All right, that is Do They Know It's Christmas. That is, of course, a lot of comedians sung on that.

Kevin, did you sing on that? Or are you singing on the We Are the World?

I did the We Are the World.

Oh, so good. You can get all those songs over there at EarWolf.com for the low price of $20, for over 50 songs that we recorded over the last few years, and go ahead on over to do that.

And guys, we're having a lot of fun here.

When?

The thing we're doing right now.

Oh, right, right.

Yeah, yeah, we're having so much fun.

It's going fantastic. It's going really, really well.

I can't believe all the phone calls we got.

It's insane. Can we take one of them, by the way?

No, no, no, no. Please, let's take one of them.

We never want to take calls here, but we appreciate everyone calling.

We like to know that the phones are constantly ringing, but we hate taking calls.

What do you say we get to our next guest?

I think that's swell.

Yeah?

Yeah, yeah.

Ben, I'm going to need you to cosign.

I have to see what it's worth.

OK, well, she's walking in the room right now. Let's say hello to her.

Oh, my goodness.

You know her from the movies Bound and several other movies.

Jennifer Tilly is here.

And several other movies.

I'm trying to think of another one.

Your IMDB.

It's OK. I have a list somewhere under my pillow of the movies I was in.

I don't remember either.

Hey, Jennifer, it's a pleasure to meet you.

Oh, it's so good to meet you, Scotty.

Every once in a while I'll get someone's publicist will ask them to be on the show.

And it's, you know, we had John Heater on about a month ago and I had never met him before and we've never met before.

We have never met before. I tried calling you a couple of times, but you didn't answer.

We don't like to answer the phone here.

Yeah, I left you some really nice, naughty messages. Did you get those?

I haven't got them yet.

What were the messages?

They were really naughty, holiday, naughty messages.

I don't know what that would mean.

Involving candy canes?

Yeah.

Exactly.

There were some things like that. You'll have to listen.

What's your sister doing now?

Oh, God. Every time I go somewhere, everyone's got to bring up my sister.

What is your sister's name again?

She's just so much more successful than I am.

Who is it?

Meg.

Oh, Meg.

She won an award.

What award did she win for best speech?

An Oscar.

Oh, I've heard of that one.

She was an Agnes of God.

Yeah, she had the bleeding palms.

Oh, stigmata.

Oh, that's true. You were in Bride of Chucky.

That's right. Oh, thanks.

You're welcome for remembering that.

Actually, it's funny you mentioned Chucky. He's my manager now.

The doll Chucky is your manager?

Yeah.

Weren't you also in My Cousin Vinny?

No.

I auditioned for that.

You were in The Wrestler, though.

Yeah. I was in that, too, I think.

Right.

Well, actually, I was supposed to play Mickey York's part.

Mm-hmm.

Very different movie.

Yeah.

And then it just didn't, I don't know, they went a different direction.

Hey, Jennifer, I want to back up just really briefly.

You mentioned Chucky as your manager.

How does the doll from the movie Chucky, how does that work?

Yeah, yeah, well, we met, as you know, in that movie.

We were in two movies together, The Bride of Chucky and The Seed of Chucky.

Oh, both of them Chucky movies.

Right.

Oh, okay.

So after we did our first movie together, we just hit it off.

And he said that he could change my career.

He said he could take me to the top.

So I fired all my agents and all my managers, and he just has taken the reins ever since.

Was his first order of business to put you into The Seed of Chucky?

Right, yes.

That was his first order of business.

And then ever since then, he sort of took the reins as far as yay or nay on movie offers.

Mm-hmm.

Like, I, Avatar, I was supposed to be.

You were up for Avatar?

Yeah, Sigourney Weaver's part.

Wow.

But Chucky said not to do it.

I think that was smart.

I don't know if that was the right choice.

You think it was smart?

Yeah.

What would you, I'm trying to imagine you saying Sigourney Weaver's lines.

Yeah.

She has the most famous lines from Avatar, as we know.

Well, her most famous line is, get away from that Avatar.

Yeah, I had to audition that part.

You bitch.

I said, get away from that Avatar, now.

And then there were, I was also up for Zoe Saldana's part, too.

Sure.

Oh, right.

Chucky said don't do that.

She played the Avatar.

Yeah.

Get away from that Avatar.

And get close to this Avatar.

That's a different movie.

So, and then I was up for the blind side.

Oh, I remember that movie.

You would have been great in that.

You would have been fantastic in that.

Which part?

Oh, thanks.

Sandra Bullock's part.

Oh.

Oh, I don't see you as Sandra Bullock's part.

And the football players.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's where I was leaning.

I think we're all leaning.

Who played that?

Was Precious, was that, am I mixing up those movies?

Oh, my God.

But you have a, you're a much bigger Bill than your sister.

Yeah.

In the chest, chestal area.

Is that all you?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Can't you tell?

I don't know.

We can't, I mean, without inspecting it, there's really no way for me.

I usually bring a little trampoline with me everywhere I go.

But today, Chucky took it because he wanted to work out.

Yeah.

Because he got kicked out of the YMCA.

Oh, no.

What happened to Chucky?

Oh, you don't want to know.

It's too late.

I kind of want to know.

He almost drowned in the YMCA pool.

Yeah, well, he's a doll.

I can't imagine him being able to swim very well.

Does Chucky breathe?

Does he breathe air?

Yeah.

A lot of it?

Mm-hmm.

Do you hook up with Chucky?

Is that your thing right now?

Well, let's not.

I don't really want to talk about that.

That's personal.

Okay.

But we've gotten together a couple times.

Okay.

Yeah, it's pretty hard.

Huh.

Yeah.

Kevin, have you ever met Jennifer Tilly?

Yeah.

I don't think we've ever met.

You don't remember this, but I was up for the Shelly Long part on Shears.

Wow.

How old were you?

And I almost got it, and we were at the callbacks.

Okay.

Sorry.

Okay, now I remember you.

Yeah.

Now I remember you.

Did you guys read together?

Yeah.

Oh, God, again.

It's hurting my brain and my chest.

How many for an Oscar, guys?

I would love to hear you guys reenact a little scene from Shears.

That would be amazing.

And how you guys would have put your own personal stamps on it.

Yeah.

Can I do the stage direction real quick?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We'll just get right into it?

Are you guys fine with that?

Yeah.

I brought these Shears scripts with me.

Thank you so much.

All right.

Okay, so here we go.

Interior Shears.

Interior Shears bar.

Oh, directed by Jim Burroughs, by the way.

Oh, right.

Very important.

Interior Shears bar.

Sam Malone washes off a glass and drinks a little bit of water.

Not beer.

Shelly Long's character.

No, not beer.

Shelly Long's character.

What's her name?

Thank you.

Shelly Long's character comes up and says, Sam, these glasses are dirty.

Why haven't you done your job and cleaned them?

Diane, I was out late last night.

I just got in.

Boy, you're looking nice.

What is that?

Some kind of a new perfume you got on?

Sam plays with his hair.

Adjusts his pants.

Yeah, it is as a matter of fact, but gee, Sam, quit hitting on me.

It's never going to happen.

Shelly Long turns her back to Sam.

Sam plays with his hair.

Adjusts his pants.

Hey, Cliff, who won the game last night?

What a weird stage direction, but it's in there.

Did you guys know that Venus is 50 miles from the Earth?

I don't realize it, but that's where I'm going to be next week if this keeps up.

I'm actually very familiar with that planet.

Norm!

Norm enters.

Norm!

Hey, um, uh, oh, sorry, Coach says?

Hey, hey, uh, hey, Sam, what's special tonight?

We got fish and chips.

This script is crackling with jokes.

End of act one.

Jim Burrows counts his money.

Wow.

That was really good, guys.

That's how it would have been.

That is crazy.

Too bad.

It's really too bad.

By the way, I just watched the first season of Tears again about a month ago.

Great story if it ends there.

And then I found $5.

Oh, damn.

At the Guild of the Lily.

Fixed it.

Uh, so, so, uh, what's next for you, Jennifer, Jennifer, Jennifer, am I saying that?

Jennifer Tilly.

Or is it J-J-J-Jennifer Tilly?

No.

Are you married, Jennifer?

No.

Are you, Kevin?

I am, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

A lovely wife, Susan.

That's romantic.

And a great kid.

How old is your child now?

He'll be five at the end of January.

Great guy.

Prove it.

Prove it right now.

Prove our certificate.

All right.

Video, whatever you can do.

I'll bring him in.

You can cut him in half.

You can see how many lines.

Things he has.

He has circles.

Is that what a magician is doing when he cuts people in half?

I think so.

He's just trying to figure out how old they are.

Uh-huh.

I think so.

Who is the best magician now?

Mmm.

Is this part of the subjective holiday quiz?

No.

This is just a personal question.

Personal?

Um, gosh, they say, uh, Chris Angel is probably the best.

Really?

The best of his craft right now.

I think, well, there's a lot of magicians out there.

Not really.

There's only a few.

Mm-hmm.

But there are a lot of magicians out there.

There sure are.

Yeah.

I just saw a documentary called Make Believe.

Yeah.

It's a documentary.

You watched the whole box set of, uh, Cheers.

You watched all the new shows that are on?

No.

I don't watch that much TV.

It's just Cheers.

I really wanted to watch.

Yeah.

I really...

Damon...

No.

Keenan and Ivory Wayans was in, like...

He was just sitting down.

He was, like, an extra for one of the episodes.

Keenan and Ivory Wayans.

Yeah.

From, uh, Scary Movie 2.

He produced Scary Movie 2.

He directed it.

Did he?

Yeah.

I think it was him.

He literally, they go, uh, they switch...

He literally switched seats.

He doesn't even have a sentence.

Oh, maybe.

Yeah.

I don't know how the business works.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Jennifer, you play poker, don't you?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

High stakes.

High stakes poker.

Yeah.

That's really what you're known for a little more than acting now, is you'll turn on these late night poker, uh...

Yeah.

...tournaments.

Shows.

And you're on there, and you're, uh...

You win a lot.

I lost a lot of money.

Oh, really?

I thought you were...

I've won, but I've also lost more than I've won.

I'm so sorry to hear that.

That's okay.

It's just that I'm...

I don't know.

I...

I just do the best I can.

I show up.

I look at the cards they give me, and I match them, and then I say, go fish.

That's the wrong game.

Yeah.

You don't have...

What is...

One is, uh, what...

Yeah.

Does a two pair beat a full house?

Yeah.

In the river.

Why are you looking at her breasts when you say that?

You gotta stop looking at her breasts.

You have to.

They call people's names.

I feel like your breasts are like those...

Heavy.

Look at me.

Oh my goodness.

Yeah.

Your breasts are like those greeting cards that when you open up, they play a song.

It does.

Like, if you separate your breasts just a little bit longer, it plays like a song.

That's what I'm interested in.

Happy birthday to you.

Oh, okay.

Close his breasts.

My wife will know.

That's a good idea.

You're welcome.

I should copyright that.

Yeah.

How do we get...

Do you mail it to yourself, or how do you usually copyright things?

You have to mail Jennifer Tilly and some sort of Netflix-like thing with its own return postage saying, I can see that doing well.

Do you have anything coming up, Jennifer Tilly?

I...

Oh, yeah.

Family Guy?

Yeah.

You're not Family Guy?

Yeah, I'm one of the voices.

That's gotta be hard.

But I'm Putty's wife.

Oh, okay.

I didn't know that.

Yeah.

Huh.

And you guys do cartoon voices?

I do.

So does Neelan.

Really?

What do you guys do?

I had a show for a couple years called Glenn Martin DDS.

Oh, I remember that show.

Yeah, that was great.

That was Glenn Martin.

Did you affect any kind of a voice, or was it...

No.

I tried to match the guy who did the pilot in New York.

Who was the guy?

I don't know.

Ted Danson.

And then I gradually slipped back into my own voice.

Right.

So for the first five episodes or so, you're doing something...

I was kinda doing a guy like that.

Hey, how's it going?

I like that voice.

I love that voice.

It's a good voice.

It gets me places in this life.

And then I went back to kinda like my voice.

The former's a little more assertive, a little more direct.

Well, he knows exactly what he wants.

I'm interested in this guy, not talking to my voice.

This is what I want right here.

I don't care about this guy.

Okay, I'll put it back to this guy.

Oh my God, talk to me.

Talk to me.

I love it.

Should we restart the show when you just do our voice?

We're gonna have to hear the story.

It's your choice, man.

You do whatever you wanna do.

Can you tell the SNL voice in that story?

You know, I like to get right to the chase with this voice.

There's no dilly-dallying.

Get right to it.

Did I say SNL voice with that story?

Yeah, and you didn't stop yourself.

I tried to call it out, but it was too nice.

It was too polite.

It's like a radio classic voice, it's like an old-timey voice that people like to listen to.

No, not really, but it's got a nice twang to it, I think, even though it's not Texas or Southern.

Do you do your own foley?

I do a lot of foley work.

Here's myself walking.

Here we go.

Okay, you have ten legs.

You have a lot of legs.

Walking on a horse, I said.

Oh, okay.

You didn't finish your sentence.

Can I ask you a question?

Can I see what happens if that horse was limping?

Sure.

And on gravel?

Can you do it on gravel instead of wood?

Yeah.

You're amazing.

Amazing.

He's unbelievable.

Wow.

I was actually a foley artist as well.

Were you really?

Yeah, honestly, I was.

Let me see some of your work.

Yeah, please, name anything.

I can do it.

I can truly do anything.

Okay, how about someone getting stabbed?

Just the knife noise.

Do you want the knife in one part?

Just the noise.

Just the knife going into a human glass.

So this is just the knife screaming.

No screaming.

No, there's no need for it.

So this is just the sound of the knife entering the body.

Here we go.

Oh, it's one of those Japanese movies.

That sounded a little more like Yellow's Oh Yeah song, popularized in Ferris Bueller's Day Off.

I know, I just get the job done.

Do you want another one?

Yeah, could we hear one more maybe?

Let's hear the knife coming out.

Oh, it's a totally different sound.

Okay.

Because you saw the objects that I used for the first one.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Ready?

Let's do some sugar.

That doesn't sound as much like a sound effect as it does.

But then watch when you put them together.

So let's do this scene.

Be the person that's being...

Oh no.

Can you be the knife person sticking it into the guy?

Jennifer, who's Jennifer?

Is Jennifer sort of my girlfriend who's very concerned about me?

Yeah.

Jennifer, look out, I'll protect you from this knife wielding maniac.

Look out, he's right behind you.

Oh no, I thought he was in front of me.

Now that's some sugar.

Oh.

Do shit.

I can do a bottle opening and a door closing.

Do it.

Okay.

Here's the bottle opening.

Bottle open.

You're saying the word.

And then here's the door closed.

Door shut hard.

Oh, see, yeah.

I get...

I mean, you know, it's very evocative.

I get what you're going for.

Yeah.

I like that one.

I knew exactly what she was doing.

I didn't have to like pretend or anything.

And you were closing your eyes very similarly to before.

I had my eyes closed.

Yeah, and you knew exactly what you were doing.

Yeah.

Great.

Well, guys, why don't we take another break and let's come back.

Let's hear one more song from the Comedy Bang Bang Christmas.

Which one is this, Cyrus?

This is...

Oh, this is Reggie Watts, who does our theme song, of course.

This is Christmases for Fucking.

And we'll be right back with a little Comedy Bang Bang.

Christmas in the air You can smell it over the fire of frosty mugs of eggnog Runnin' down people's throats Tryin' to make the most Relatives and family All over from the planetary surface Aunts and grandmas and moms and shit Yeah, yeah But Christmas is a time for givin' Yeah, Christmas is a time for givin' Yeah, most of all Christmas is something that I just look forward to For, for, for what, yeah Christmas is for fuckin' Christmas is for fuckin' Christmas is for fuckin' Christmas is for fuckin' Christmas is for fuckin' Fuck on, get your fuck on, yeah You can fuck anybody that you want It's Christmas time, it's when people drink out the hall And baby I can see it in your eyes that you believe in That is, Christmas is for fucking Reggie Watts Just want to give you a taste of that, don't want to give you the whole thing Gotta buy it to get the whole thing How much does that cost, Scott?

Uh, $20 for every song, for 50 songs So for 50 songs How much does that equal per song?

Wow, okay, quick math, I'm gonna say it's probably, uh...

40 cents?

Si...

In Ruppels, in Ruppels, in Ruppels, in Ruppels Oh, in Ruppels?

Ruppels What are Ruppels?

Ruppels are, I think it's from The Legend of Zelda Oh, Ruppies, Ruppies is from The Legend of Zelda How many Ruppies is it?

Ruppies is from the real world, I believe How many Ruppies can you buy with Ruppie?

Ruppels?

I don't know, I don't know By the way, you're missing some amazing prop humor by Kevin Nealon with his headphones Uh, he's, describe what you're doing for him Well, no, I was just trying to find a more comfortable way to put them on But these are great, do you have the Bose speakers?

Those are a great Christmas gift Yeah The Bose headsets?

Can I preface this by saying that Kevin works for Bose?

Yeah, what is going on here? You've been talking about Bose I know During every break, and we haven't caught any of it This is the first time we caught it on, on mic Well, you know how everybody talks about having something to fall back on?

Yeah Well, I'm with Bose That doesn't keep going, what does that mean?

Well, I'm a sales rep Oh, okay I work the whole, you know, tri-state area So you're not a spokesman, you're actually trying to sell the actual speakers I'm a sales rep, door to door Like a cut-go-knife guy Yeah, yeah, yeah How many have you sold so far?

Just one Two Two yourself?

But I really overcharged a lot for it So I don't have to work for another year Oh, Jennifer, you got that?

Yeah, I like good deals, it sounded like a great deal It did sound like one, I know Mainly because you said this is a great deal Yeah I feel like Nealon could sell anything, right?

Wow, I feel like he could sell ice water in hell Oh no, they'd like that Yeah, they would really enjoy that I think, you know, the part of being a good salesman is personality You know, you've got to get trust, confidence from your customer And once you establish that friendship and you communicate with them Don't try to sell a product on the first day 100% Don't even let them know that you're selling You're right, Scott I'm at the door, you're just knocking on the door We're all at the door, we're a family All three of us are at the door We're the Patels from Glengarry Glen Ross All right And, oh, someone's at the door Can someone get that? I don't want to get it All right, honey, you don't have to yell in that manner Thank you I'll get it, is that okay?

Or do you want our daughter to get it?

I'm doing my homework How's your homework going, honey?

Are you raising those grades?

I'm raising them like the roof If someone doesn't get the door What?

I'm gonna be upset I should finish my sentence You're already upset Why should we get the door if it's- I am Stopped drinking all the time You stopped doing homework all the time and I'll stop drinking all the time That doesn't sound like a good deal I bet it's time There's not a lot of incentive there Do you guys ever think about how alcohol becomes happiness?

Do you guys ever wonder what that is?

Doorbell It sort of fantasticizes Oh, our ironic doorbell is ringing Doorbell Why did we get that Foley artist, Jennifer Tilly, in here to record our doorbell song?

I don't know Hey, did you guys see Alvin and the Chipmunks, the Squeak-Wool?

I saw the Squeak-Wool I'm really excited for the Squeak-Loogee That was really good Kevin, that was really good Well, you left me outside Okay, let me get the door Oh, wait a minute Okay Oh, wait, he's climbing through the window This is weird Lock the windows Look out, someone's getting through the window That racist is climbing through the windows Hello, sir, what do you need from us?

Oh, I didn't know anybody was home Oh, I'm glad to see that you guys are home That would be a little weird if you didn't know people were home and are climbing through our window Well, yeah, I thought maybe there was some problem in the house so I came in Mr. Patel, I assume?

Yes, this is my wife It's a pleasure to meet you Hi, I'm Mrs. Patel Do you want a drink?

Well, you're looking ravishing today Oh, your penis is good Well, listen, I am just...

Do you want to meet our daughter before you...

I would love to meet your daughter I didn't realize you had such a beautiful family She's a cunt Go, meet her I got to tell you It's hard being the only man here in a house full of women Tell me about it I understand that You know?

But I understand that you're probably Dad, I just tell my period a very, very good father So did my wife I know, it's 24-7 for me I'm like Joe versus the volcano over here I love that movie Underrated Very underrated So is your vagina Mom and dad, stop fighting in front of the strange man We were complimenting each other Little girl, I might have a product for you If you're interested in drowning out the sound of things I have these beautiful Bose speakers You just flip them over your head like this and press them in there Do you hear anything?

Hello, hello Do you hear anything?

I hear the ocean Okay, she doesn't even hear me Anyway, how old is she?

She's 12 She's gorgeous I can tell you that Thank you She's from me Can I leave the headsets on please?

You can have her if you want Is that right?

Yeah, we'll trade you for a Bose Yeah, are you guys going up to bed now or?

Yeah, why?

Are you interested in sex?

Or just watching us?

Or just...

Well, I'm going to be downstairs here with your daughter Oh, that sounds like a deal Yeah, I may interest you in some Bose speaker headsets Can I tell you something is probably stupid for me to say it?

I would love to hear it She's not going to satisfy you You're going to get her down there and you think she's going to be good because she's young but she's not going to satisfy you Oh, I've got other Bose toys Can I take these off now?

No, please honey No Okay They don't go on the breast by the way Oh She's nice looking, you know, like all the trappings are there But the actual, you know, the mechanics of sex are not going to be to your liking It's like an ice cream cake but inside there's no ice cream, it's just anthrax I totally understand that And they pop out and they say, happy birthday And then...

You don't want that It's like one of those cards I'm a sex terrorist You're a sex terrorist Boy, I never would have thought that I was just at the, over at the McCall Roy's house and they've got a wonderful set of twins over there How are they?

Oh, they're fantastic They live right next door but I've never said hello to them We don't need to, we owe them a call Do they call us when we first move in?

Yeah, we owe them a call when we first moved in They came in and gave us some food and said, here you go And I said, okay, we'll give you a call soon It's been 25 years, do you think they're really waiting for it?

I don't think they need it I think it's a shame where neighbors don't know their neighbors, you know, because it's such a wonderful community and to get involved like that is really something else And I'm going to step outside for a minute Are you running for office right now, Woody?

I am, I'm running for office I'm going to step outside, have a little smoke and maybe take, I'm sorry, your daughter's name again?

My daughter's name is Tulia Tulia, I'm going to take Tulie, may I call you Tulie?

Please Okay, so the Bose speaker headsets are not working Wait, these speaker headsets, they break after two minutes?

Well, I'll tell you, the grease from the hair sometimes clogs the portholes So can we talk about how grease is the word?

Did you hear it's the word?

Let's talk about that for a long time Okay, it's got groove, it's got meaning You know, that sounds a lot better with a pair of Bose headsets I bet it would Well please, when you go outside for the smoke, could you take the door and knock the window?

I would be happy to, I would be happy to, and hey, I get the knocker fixed on that door by the way You're pointing at our daughter right now Well, that's what it is It's a little Door open We have a sound effect when the door opens, same Foley artist, don't take a shit in the bathroom, you're not going to be happy You're not going to like it, yeah You're not going to be happy And Ten more minutes And so Ten more minutes And so I love that during a scene when you say and ten more minutes Ten more minutes When I'm on stage I do that a lot And ten more minutes And ten more minutes Guys, what do you think we should do about this heist?

This tower heist I don't know, this Puss in Boots is pretty cool These references are two months old A month and a half old I forgot we're in December And scene Oh, that was a great scene guys You really do have a future in this Kevin Well that's what I do I mean you have a present in it obviously because it's what you do, it's not what you're going to do It's always good to have a backup plan I mean I have a backup plan I have a lot of investments What do you invest in?

If someone says they're bad Well recently I am I'm starting my own train line Train line?

Like Amtrak?

Jennifer Tilly trains Like in competition with Amtrak?

Yeah Oh Yeah Running on the same rails?

Yeah Right, we're figuring out the logistics of it What makes it specific to you?

Well I'm the conductor Of all the trains?

How many cars will there be on the train?

Well let's figure it out, what's your favorite number?

There'll be 12 cars on the train and if you invest in this then there can be a Kevin Nealon car named after you The caboose You can get the caboose at Peaks I could see that That's extra Oh really?

Everyone wants the caboose Yeah I would like to be the steam engine I could see that I want to be the engine I could see that I want to be the dining car Okay I don't want to be a box car because I just hate having homeless people inside me Oh god You know what I mean?

It's really not that bad Oh You know it's a good book on trains by the way, The Little Engine That Could Oh I've never read it Wonderful story, great, great illustrations I sort of remember that, could you describe what happens in it please?

Well it's a little train that was delivering food and toys to the boys and girls in a little town over the hill but it couldn't quite get over Was the hill big?

It was a very large hill Yeah I think it probably took place in the Appalachian Mountains Okay Yeah those hills are steep there Yeah and that's where the boys and girls need food and toys Yeah So the little train, the little engine that could kept asking all the other big trains coming back to the roundhouse, to the station house if they could give them a hand to get over the hill Sure But nobody could until one little old engine came and said I'll help you What was that engine's name?

That little engine's name was Little Old Engine Cool Oh yeah And it pushed the little engine that could up the hill Yeah I know I can, I know I can, I know I can, I know I can So he was pushing from behind so that the Sure And the famous phrase is I know I can I know I can I know I can I know I can because this other train is pushing me, I couldn't do it by myself And guess what the phrase was going down the hill What's that?

I did it, I did it Oh no I gotta stop Oh no the brakes are out What?

What was it?

That's a bad idea Jennifer?

That's a bad idea?

Well the correct answer is I knew I could, I knew I could, I knew I could Oh I knew I could And it's a good life lesson I think I know I can What's the lesson?

I'm a little lost I guess The lesson is that if you think you can do something have somebody help you do it Right you can't do it by yourself, you can never do it by yourself You can never do anything by yourself If there's a steep hill you can never do it Collaboration I think is the word But it's a great book, it's also a book on tape Oh nice What is the VO for that?

Do you read that book on tape?

No they have like a four year old reading it, it's hard to understand them but it's a wonderful book Cool Yeah A four year old who can't read?

No it's a four year old with some kind of impediment Oh okay Yeah because they're giving everybody a chance out there Right You have to, I mean everyone gets one chance at show business Yeah That's his I know I could Right But I think it's a good story yeah Yeah the VO for that is his I know I could It's symbolic I think It takes the village people It really does It takes the village people Well guys I think we have time for one last feature here on the show and it's a little something that we like to call would you rather Kevin you know this game I remember the first time I came on the show And I made fun of that theme Made you play it like seven times So you've done this show before?

This is not the Come on First time around?

I don't know if we were rolling on that first one Alright guys it's time to play would you rather we all know how this is played people send me would you rather scenarios on our Twitter which is at CBBWYR I sort through them I pick the best ones and then I'll read the scenario out loud I'll open the floor for questions you can ask me any question about either of the scenarios you like and then we will vote on which you like to choose and we'll tally up the points and assign a winner and this week's scenario comes from Gun Barrel Darrell Gun Barrel Darrell I like that name A.K.A. Cal He asks would you rather have your butthole take the best pictures in the world or only wear big dog t-shirts for the rest of your life What was the phrase again Scott?

Would you rather have your butthole take the best pictures in the world or only wear big dog t-shirts for the rest of your life I'm opening the floor for questions you can ask me anything Is there a camera that's inserted in the butthole?

Great question no actually your butthole has all the camera parts So you have to live with that for the rest of your life?

Fleshy camera parts Oh fleshy you can still go to the bathroom when you need to though Yeah but you take pictures every time you go to the bathroom and they're uploaded to the internet Is it 1080?

What's the quality of the camera?

Great quality 1080p Is it 1080p?

Yeah yeah Do you go to the CVS pharmacy to get it developed?

You do yeah You have to hook your butt up to the USB port?

You do yeah That could be a problem That could be a problem does the USB port exist in your urethra?

Yeah because yeah that's exactly where it is Can it take movie pictures too?

It does not have video capability no I'm so sorry yeah they're merely still photos yeah so I hope that doesn't affect your or I hope it does affect your voice This big dog t-shirt what is the cotton content?

It's a blend Oh I see What size is it?

What size is it?

It's 50-50 the size is extra small It's extra small so that's a good question I asked Yeah yeah And is there a picture on the big dog shirt or does it just say big dog?

It's a big dog who looks like he's been at Venice Beach and he's got like huge muscles Oh I like that You know and he's got like weights Oh nice He's got weights in one hand Can you wash the shirt?

I'm not done and he has a Chinese takeout in the other hand and he's saying oh big dog get at me Big dog get at me is his phrase Yeah yeah oh big dog get at me Oh big dog get at me Yeah yeah yeah And um What does it say in the back?

It says on the back it has a list of everyone who ever died in 9-eleven So Kevin what was your question?

Can you wash the shirt?

Uh yes of course You can take it off and wash it whenever you want Yeah whenever you want yeah except for one hour a day Is the camera in the anus It's so funny to me Is the camera in the anus is that sanitary or has a camera been used before?

It's self-lubricating if that's what you're asking So it's fleshy It's fleshy self-lubricating Wait stop On the front it's a dog with a Chinese to-go count Yeah It says ooh get at me On the back it's all the people who passed away in 9-eleven Yeah yeah yeah Can you design your own big dog t-shirt?

You can and you can give it away to friends but you can never wear it What was your idea?

How would you like to design it?

Put new more catchphrases Like what?

Like do you have some catchphrases?

Yeah I meant that's another backup plan I have several catchphrases I'm working on You're the woman of a thousand catchphrases Yeah Yeah Like okay this is my this is one When someone says hey do that tell me to do something Oh okay hey Jennifer go take out the trash I'm on it like a bonnet Right nice That's pretty good I like that Can I put that on the t-shirt?

You can write it in a marker and with a little word balloon Yeah Pointing to the dog's mouth?

Yeah I will allow that Jennifer would be very good on Celebrity Apprentice Oh I bet she would Yeah yeah Oh yeah that's a great idea I don't think Chuckie will let me do it though Have you ever thought about doing that Kevin?

Celebrity Apprentice?

Yeah I mean your career is obviously way better than the people who are I thought about what it would be like to do that Right Seems like a lot of work What reality show if you had to be on a reality show You had to be forced on a reality show what reality show would you be on?

American Idol Oh there you go I could see that You'd be forced to win American Idol of course You'd be forced to win it What would be your song, your audition song?

You don't have to sing it but just what would it be?

Well it would probably be Stormy Weather Okay now you have to sing it Oh I love that song I don't know the song Oh you would just say the word Stormy Weather I would say that's what I'm going to sing in the competition I don't audition I tell the guy I'll have a meeting with you Why would I sing when the cameras aren't on right now we're not in the competition And why would I sing if it could eliminate me from getting to the actual show?

Great point I think that's what these people don't consider when they go on that show I think They don't get it For me the reality show probably I don't think anybody asked you though let me finish up here Alright Ben what would you be on?

What would you be on?

The biggest loser Probably the biggest loser in reverse It'd probably be The Simpsons I think Wait a minute That's not a reality show as far as I know Yeah it is That is all true all that stuff All that stuff is true In Springfield The first animated reality show I don't know if it's animated is it?

I don't think so I mean meaning they jump around a lot Oh yeah yeah yeah They're hyper Yeah Bart has a cow like every week I think You know That's why he's always telling people not to have cows because he wants them all for himself Right it makes sense Yeah doesn't it Right Jennifer what would you be on?

Any Yeah I would be on the Smurfs reality show Right Oh the movie or the TV version?

The TV version Oh okay Because they should have their own reality show because they're so interesting and I have a thing for Papa Smurf Really?

I get that I can see that I can see where the Chucky thing kind of comes into play You're into really short blue bearded men Yeah But seriously what is the best reality show to lose weight on?

Good question Would it be American Idol or Dancing with the Stars Dancing with the Stars It might be Dancing with the Stars The contestants on Dancing with the Stars lose more weight than the Biggest Loser Than the Biggest Loser?

Do they really?

I think so That's probably true, that's probably a fact I know Catherine McPhee lost a lot of weight when she was on American Idol Yeah but she was also doing Dancing with the Stars as a fallback Concurrently yeah Yeah I know Interesting I can't you know I get Catherine McPhee and who's the other singer from Joni Mitchell?

Oh from American Idol Joni Mitchell?

The one that's gotten a lot of press A lot of press I get Catherine McPhee and oh Kelly Clarkson Kelly Clarkson Oh okay I get those two mixed up a little bit I keep them in separate boxes Does the camera in your butt Oh we're back to the game Does that mean that you can't have sex there anymore?

Anymore?

Hey I like the sound of this It would be a pretty amazing sex tape That's a POV we've never seen before Don't you think?

I think so It would literally just be the top of a dick Just the top of a dick coming out the screens Yeah you can make that 3D Yeah you should make that 3D Which is what you meant to say Correct Yeah so yes Yes what you can have it Oh no you can have it yeah you can have it I don't need to be limited Okay yeah Because the camera is the fleshy part of around the rectum Yes exactly yeah so it's a lot like you know how when they film The Matrix they had like that circle of several cameras so they could get a 360 view Was it a series of butt holes?

No no around the lining of your butt hole is several cameras Oh got it So you get a full 360 Bullet time A lot of bullet time coming out of your butt yeah exactly I would go with t-shirt I'm so sorry you voted early I have not closed the floor I'm going to have to dock you some points for that Oh you're so much trouble Sorry I'm going to have to dock you 8,053 points Oh no For that Man that's a lot of points Do our points carry over from other shows we've done?

Well we all start at negative 800 or 8,052 Okay So really you're just one behind Negative Any questions about either of the scenarios, the big dog t-shirt, the camera in your butt hole?

Yeah can you put the big dog t-shirt on a dog?

Oh wow That's a great question Now you said you have to wear it for the rest of your life You do but you are allowed to bring a puppy into the shirt with you and have the puppy stick his neck out of the neck hole Now you said that we can wash the shirt Yes That means we have to take it off to wash it No no no you get into the washing machine No it's the river Oh the river okay Yeah you have to wash it while it's on Yeah I like how you didn't allow it to be a shower We couldn't take a shower You have to jump into a river Well you can shower if you ever go to Hawaii and you're under like a waterfall Yeah it has to be natural water Yeah it has to be natural water In the river do you use one of those washboards like those old timey washboards What's the, they make a sound when you play them Yeah I can do that for you Oh do it do it do it please Washboard sound I love that That's pretty good Babe you do yours I mean it's more genuine I don't hate to be a dick it's really genuine to what it is Alright so just give me the background of the waterfall Okay Okay then I take out this washboard thing and I just Bring your friends along and everybody's dancing and knows this song Everybody wants to dance and sing so bring your friends and I'll bring him And ten more minutes And when you see your friend give him a big high five Know that he's not dead he's surely alive Kevin Neal and Ted dancing are best friends Get your happiness to the end Cheers You know I could very easily make that sound by just running my fingers over my stomach Do it let's see Do it do it do it Take it up Whoa Oh my god That's sexy He really did do it Wow That's crazy I would have never expected That's what I do That's what I do That's crazy Alright guys I'm closing the floor for questions here we're gonna have to vote time is of the essence here Ben I'm gonna go to you to vote first how do you like to vote T-shirt sir T-shirt and why is that T-shirt because I think that having a camera in my asshole sounds terrible No the camera is your asshole I know what the camera is I'd rather not have it Alright I feel like people would want to see it all the time then I have to take off my pants and show my fucking asshole all the time Do you agree Maybe Okay Alright Kevin how do you like to vote Definitely the camera Definitely the camera Yeah because I'm always misplacing my camera you know I never have it when I need it It's kind of like having your sunglasses be your butthole Yeah You know what I mean like you'd never leave them behind anywhere I'd also take the sunglasses over the big dog t-shirt Well as a matter of fact you do get the sunglasses in this scenario with the camera Nice filter Yeah Okay yeah so I'm gonna go ahead with the camera and I'm happy with that choice I feel like I know what Tilly's gonna say Tilly how do you like to vote 120% the camera The camera Yeah and it's gonna boost my career Alright okay let me tally up the points here unfortunately Kevin and Jennifer you picked incorrectly Was that right Yeah Ben you picked the right answer so that gets you one point which means everyone is tied at negative 850 Support our tree 8000 sorry and 52 so it's a tie game you all share the victory Very nice Congratulations And that is how you play of course would you rather Are the losers thrown into the gladiator ring Honestly You better thank your heavens that there were no losers here today Is that from a Mel Brooks movie I do not want to say what it's from as we are engaging in copyright infringement That is of course how you play would you rather thank you so much great game guys Great job Great game I'm gonna shower up That was really fun Make sure you keep that t-shirt on I'll come with you What things are getting crazy Happy birthday to you Close your breasts Sorry they pop out every once in a while Alright guys we just have time for one last thing and that is of course plugs There ain't no shame in plugs I haven't heard that yet Oh my goodness how long is this And ten more minutes Oh okay that's we're done Ain't no shame in plugs that is of course by my life as a horse My life as a horse You have a theme song for the what's up hot dog memorial plug section I have a weird question would you like to be on American Idol For real For real yeah Yeah I cast American Idol Yeah Oh my Say it Satan Thank you Dana Carvey's gonna be on the phone in two seconds Ask who's in the kitchen Of course yeah if you have a theme song put that on earwolf.com under the appropriate thread And it's time that's my life as a horse and it's time for plugs Ben what do you have Okay January 8th at 10 p.m. my new show called House Elias is premiering on Showtime Great show who else is in that Don Cheadle, Kristen Bell, me, Josh Lawson Australian very funny Australian actor and comic Kristen Bell from Veronica Mars Kristen Bell from Veronica Mars is her next TV show that she's a series regular Yeah I was a big fan of that show and Don Cheadle of course everyone knows him from Crackin' Jokes on the Oceans 11, 12 and 13 sets Yep all those things and he got nominated I've got a very funny Don Cheadle story if you got a second Do you really Was flying back from Lake Tahoe from a golf tournament and this was after Hotel Rwanda like maybe two years after three years and I had a script that I was reading and I thought it'd be funny if I on the back of the script in the print I made it look like Hotel Rwanda the sequel and I opened up I was reading it so that he could see it he was sitting across from me and he just happened to look over and see it and he goes you ass Had you ever met him before Yeah yeah Oh okay That's amazing Breaking balls in first class Right right Breaking balls Breaking balls Don Cheadle is another one of my catchphrases Oh just just Don Cheadle Yeah You can see it When would that come up Okay so say you bump into me accidentally let's bump into each other Okay here we go ready Oh Don Cheadle Oh you're welcome That doesn't make sense That doesn't add up I don't think It's more like when somebody sneezes Don Cheadle Yeah Don Cheadle Yeah that's good You're welcome Too bad I didn't think of that Kevin what do you have to plug my good man or is that or are your plugs done I have a book that just came out a month ago Oh what's the book It's called Maybe Your Leg Will Grow Back Looking on the Bright Side of Baby Animals It's a satire postcard book I did with HarperCollins Oh I like the idea It's the third one I've done Yeah Oh that's so pretty I might have some in my backpack if I do then you guys will get a book I would love to see that is it on tape The book on tape would be about 80 words Do you want to do the tape for it Do you want to do the book on tape I would love to do the book yeah Yeah And I'll just describe the pictures Yeah and then there's a sentence for you It's like It's like this is a really stupid picture Yeah yeah I don't know why this would be in a book That'd be great When is the show going to be on So we're in the middle of December of course or December The beginning of December December has come upon us Okay well I am December 5th Okay well I'll be on the Howard Stern show December 8th and Letterman on the 8th Okay And I'll be at Carolines in New York City from the 8th through the 9th and 10th and the 11th And that's a great show you're one of America's greatest stand-up comedians and you have a lot of material lately I have a lot of material Yeah you're working on a We're working on a special that'll be for Showtime in February Ooh So you guys are Showtime buddies We are we're both on Showtime shows Not just Weeds from this special Yep and of course Weeds maybe coming out again in the spring Are you going to stand up on Letterman or are you going to be a guest I don't know yet Ooh Do you get to the choice when he says I don't know When he calls you personally and says Kevin be on the show do you ever get a choice or do you say hey I'd really prefer to do panel or it's fascinating Well I usually request the hosting duty Oh yeah yeah yeah And that's kind of an uphill battle but you know I kind of Never really works out for you though That doesn't hurt to ask it does not hurt to ask Jennifer oh is that it for your post No I've got some more I've got some more And she's on Cheeto They can go to my website kevinnealon.com to see all my other stand-up gigs Love that website And you can also Twitter at Kevin underscore Nealon very very funny Twitterer And your website also you can actually do like web searches through your website as well It's like another Google right I mean you can actually like it's kind of a replacement for Google you know Yeah it's a big search engine You suggest people go there instead of Google I suggest that and instead of Myspace I can see that Yeah I can see that Okay So yeah so that and then I have Oh goodness Oh boy What else man No no We're gonna have time for you Jennifer I'm gonna be seeing some movies myself I'll be going out Which movies I don't know yet J. Edgar No I saw that already How was it It was kind of girly But I liked it I'm a big fan of Leonardo DiCaprio Oh the famous Italian actor This is all my Letterman material by the way Oh save it save it save it I want to watch it when it gets on Letterman I'm only kidding I don't want to interrupt because I don't think you're done Are you done Pretty much Pretty much But I'm sure I'll have other things coming up Okay Down the road And people can check in with you by re-listening to this podcast And you're just gonna come back in and record Whenever anything comes up Okay well so please come in next week for whatever happens in January I would love that offer I would like to take you up on that offer I would love to offer it to you Okay Jennifer Thank you Tilly Thank you Look out for my Jennifer Tilly train rides coming soon with the Kevin Nealon car And also I'm starting my own acting school the Jennifer Tilly School of Acting Kevin if you want some one-on-ones I'd be happy to help you Sure Okay You too Ben Thank you very much We work on scene work and improv especially Oh cool So if you want What's your technique Let's just do a quick example of the improv Can we get a word from the audience please Fire hydrant Fire hydrant You go ahead and initiate You want me to initiate Okay Oh fuck I feel like my arm is really badly burnt Yes and your arms not burnt And scene You know what there's gonna be problems with that Yeah I don't know There's gonna be problems with that I like the yes and Thanks Yeah you really opened it up with that But she just negated it It felt like Maybe that was just one It's a style It's definitely a style Come to the school There's a technique involved So if sign up You'll get the news Got it Okay All right well I want to plug of course the comedy bang bang Christmas collection You can get all those for $20 Also go get our t-shirts comedy bang bang t-shirts at earwolf.com And also donate to the show if you want to keep the show going You can do that at earwolf.com Guys thank you so much for a wonderful show The Christmas spirit is upon us And I wish you all to have a happy holidays True True Is that a question Yeah I wish you all to have a happy holidays Oh thank you Okay yeah true It's objective Yes we will try yes Happy Don Cheadle to you All right guys we'll see you next week Christmas time is a special time of the year It's a time for family and for togetherness And I've written a little song about it And I'd like to share it with you now I'm coming home for Christmas I'm coming home today Gonna buy me a Christmas tree Gonna see my family on Christmas On Christmas On Christmas On Christmas On Christmas On Christmas On Christmas On Christmas On Christmas On Christmas On On Christmas On Christmas!

OH-OH-OH-OH!

NO-OH-OH-OH!

EARWOLF!

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ullrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit EarWolf.com.
