---
layout: page
title: 135. Paul F. Tompkins,Erinn Hayes,Dan Telfer [10386⧸21018].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Well, the weather outside is frightful, but inside here in the Earwool Studios, it's so delightful.

I have here from Children's Hospital, you know her, you love her, Aaron Hayes is here.

Also comedian Dan Telfer and good ol' Paul F. Tompkins is here to spread some Christmas cheer.

All of that and more, all on today's...

Weirder than the fall line up on Channel 62, it's Comedy Bang Bang.

Yeah, that is a catchphrase submission from Rana Vila.

Rana Vila, thank you so much for that one.

If you have a catchphrase, go ahead and leave that on our message board.

And what a wonderful, wonderful holiday season we're having here.

Here in Hollywood, we're looking out at the sunset.

This is Comedy Bang Bang after dark.

Taping this one after dark to accommodate people's schedules.

I am of course, Hot Sashman, aka the world famous Scott about here, sitting here in Hollywood Earwolf Studios, number two.

And I have three very famous people looking at me and wondering when I'll introduce them.

And let me tell you something, it's going to happen right now.

And let me start to my left here and she is sitting cross-legged, Indian style as we used to call it back when I was a child.

I believe there's a more politically correct term for that now.

Politically correct would be crisscross applesauce.

Crisscross applesauce.

I don't believe I've ever heard that.

Is that something you teach your children?

Yeah.

I have some kids.

I hear it all the time.

Please welcome Erin Hayes.

You know her from Children's Hospital, among several other things.

Well, I'm super famous, like you said, I'm really famous.

I'm sorry I was late, it took me a long time to get through the mobs.

And you're just talking about the mob, right?

The Italians?

Yeah, just the Italian mob, they owe a lot of money.

You know her from Children's Hospital where she plays a character by the name of Dr. Lola Spratt.

Hello.

And you also know her from Worst Week.

You know her from, what else?

What else we got on the old resume?

How'd you start?

Where was your first job?

I did a very weird show on the WB called On the Spot.

It was a half improvised, half scripted sitcom with Tim Conway.

I remember that, I was writing promos for the WB at the time and I wrote some for that show.

There were a lot of people on it, Tim Conway, Michael Hitchcock and Manny Sterling and Jeff Davis and fun time people.

I remember Jeff Davis.

I haven't seen him in a while.

He's still alive.

Yeah.

He's dead to me.

All right, let's move on to your left and sitting right directly in front of me.

You know him from comedy, he has an EP, do you call it an EP?

I would call it an EP.

On AST Records?

It's short.

But he's a great stand up comic, he goes out and tours the country.

That's right.

You write Writer for the Onion?

Sort of.

Sort of?

Yeah.

Sometimes.

Dan Telfer, sitting first time in the studio.

Yeah, hi.

I'm very excited.

First time in any studio, you told me before.

Any studio.

That was weird when I said that, yeah.

Everyone just sort of stared at me like, it's not that great being just any studio, Dan.

Yeah, hi.

I write for the Onion.

My first video game review recently went out.

Oh, congratulations.

And moving on to...

I'm very famous.

Moving on, and we only have him on here as himself during the holidays, but our good friend Paul of Tompkins is sitting here.

It's true.

Here he is.

Everyone wants to know how he plays characters on the show, but he will not be doing that today.

Nope.

That will not be happening.

Because we...

Holidays are a time for...

Oh, you go.

Holidays are a time...

I'm sorry?

You go right ahead.

I'm going to go.

I'm going to start right now.

I wish that you would.

Holidays are a time...

I'm so sorry.

I keep talking.

Here's what's happening.

I keep talking at the same time as you are talking.

Might I add, you're also saying the exact same thing.

Yes.

And I keep stopping myself and saying, I'm sorry, and letting you speak, but then I continue to do it.

Right, right, right.

Have you guys been noticing this?

I didn't pick up on that.

No.

I don't know why you kept stopping, actually.

That seemed like a pretty normal conversation.

No, that was me.

That was me.

I was doing this weird thing.

Holidays are a time when...

Did you do it again?

I heard it that time.

I did.

I heard it that time.

Sharp-eared listeners.

Yeah.

I heard it that time.

Where people can't...

Gotcha.

Where people...

Holidays are a time where people can get other people.

They can be gotten by other people.

That's not what I said.

All these other people are just coming around, they're getting people and getting gotten.

Holidays are a time for kidnappings.

That's right.

The acquisition of people.

The first Christmas.

Yeah.

Right?

A lot of people don't know that story, but I love when at my church, Paul Tompkins tells the story of the first Christmas.

Every single year.

Oh, yeah.

The spotlight goes on.

Yeah.

It's fantastic.

I would love it if you would give us a little bit of that.

It's the holiday season.

Well, I would love it if we'd see every Sunday rather than just Christmas, Scott, but...

Guilty as charged, but it's football season, Paul.

No, I know.

All year round.

So, the first Christmas, what they don't want you to know is that the wise men, Melchizedek, Melchior.

And Mel Gibson.

They came and they buried gifts.

They buried some gifts, too.

They buried gifts in the backyard.

It was a scavenger hunt.

The president would do it every year.

A lot of people don't remember that, but the president of...

George Washington.

Yeah, George Washington.

Yes.

Would hold a scavenger hunt every single year.

George Ben Washington, the president of Bethlehem.

He held a scavenger hunt on the front lawn of Bethlehem.

And it was less of a scavenger hunt than it was burying things in indeterminate locations and hoping that people would figure it out from just how the dirt had been moved.

Yes.

And it wasn't fun.

No.

He ordered people to do it.

Oh, yeah.

It was not...

At the threat of beheading.

Yes.

He would bury the shit.

He would lose his goddamn mind.

And then he'd be like, everybody, find my stuff.

And then they had to scavenge.

This is where we get the term.

Yeah, yeah.

Because we didn't have that term before then.

And he's like, hey, scavenge.

And everyone said, hey, I like the sound of that.

No, they were living in terror of being beheaded, and they were delighted by that phrase he coined.

But did they have a fun list?

Well, there was a list.

That's a great question.

That's the thing.

No one's ever asked this in church before.

They had to make the list as they found things.

It wasn't like they didn't start out with a list of things to find.

So this could go on for days.

Oh, my God.

Years.

That's why Christmas used to be all year long.

Yeah.

So the Wisemans, they brought these things, and they said...

And that's where we get the Wisemans, by the way.

If you ever meet someone by the name of the Wisemans, that's where that comes from.

Scavenge and the Wisemans were the two words that were invented.

And we're going to hear a little something from Scavenge and the Wisemans a little later on.

That's right.

If you have any requests, call us here at 999-ROCK-IT.

That's Rock-It, not Rocket.

A lot of people are calling Rocket Video, and they're really upset with us.

Because they're out of business.

Yeah.

That's what drove them out of business.

That's right.

Although they're exorbitant phone bills.

They have this weird plan where they get charged every time the phone rang.

Yeah.

They're like, well, how often is that going to happen?

Well, you're a business, dumb-dumb.

It's going to happen a lot.

And your name is like the number of a radio station.

Ugh.

I hate them.

Anyway, that's what happened with Christmas.

When does the burying come around to kidnapping, if that's what I'm saying?

Did they bury children?

Dan, hold on a second.

That's exactly it.

Buried children.

The two of you.

I don't care how famous you are.

It's the holidays.

I have to talk about buried children at the holidays.

Listen.

You wait your turn.

This is not your church.

This is my church.

So.

When do we pray?

We're praying.

We're going to pray in any second now.

Oh, I can't wait for that.

Let me get through this fucking story.

Every time.

I want to sing it.

Every time.

This is why I don't go to church enough, Paul.

I feel like I don't want to go to this church.

Oh, my God.

We don't pray enough.

You're always telling me stories.

Heathens.

We should let them talk because the process of burying children is actually far more peaceful and celebratory than...

Let's remember the reason for the seasons to bury children.

Yeah.

So, they brought gold.

Guys, I know that sounds terrible, but only up to their necks.

Oh.

Oh, well, that's not so bad.

That's not so bad.

Yeah.

Head in first.

And then up to their necks.

So they can still like thrash around.

Well, kids have a lot of energy.

They need to move their bodies.

They do.

Yeah, yeah.

And only docile ants were allowed here.

This lady sounds very reasonable.

Yeah.

Let's recruit her to our church.

They need to move their bodies.

Yeah.

So, they buried the gold.

They buried the frankincense.

Curly's gold, which is how we got that too.

That was the third thing.

Yes.

The triptych.

They buried Curly's gold.

It's still out there.

Yeah.

None of us have ever found it.

As the legend foretells.

Yeah.

So, the myrrh was actually...

It was sort of an ether chloroform kind of thing.

That they put on oily rags.

They put on oily rags, and the wise men said, hey, can we just take a look at your baby real quick?

Mm-hmm.

And of course, the holy...

That sounded reasonable to everyone.

The holy family, they're so...

They're exhausted.

You know what it's like.

I know what it's like.

You have a baby.

You're tired.

Take your baby.

Dan, you know what it's like.

Exactly.

Yeah, I have two babies.

So, Scott, you will never know what it's like.

I'm sterile.

So, they were like, please take the baby.

And then, quick as a wink, oily as rags.

Quick as a cricket, too.

Quick as a cricket's wink.

That's where we get that expression from.

Yeah, of course.

That famous expression.

Because, of course, all the beasts of the field were there to witness the birth of the Christ child.

Mm-hmm.

There was crickets.

There was...

There was a lot of snakes.

Every type of snake.

Which I thought was a mistake.

Because you only had one of everything else, but then they asked every single type of snake.

They weren't invited.

You know how snakes are.

Yeah, that's true.

One snake is invited, and then it's like a snake party.

And then there's a pile of them.

You don't know how many there actually are.

Which, by the way, is translate.

There's a whole snake pile.

Right.

That's how they group.

They call it piles of snakes.

You better hope that party breaks up before the King of Bethlehem, the President of Bethlehem, makes you count all the snakes.

Snakes do love to party.

Love to party.

And with good reason.

The first Christmas was how that snake strangled Jesus, and Jesus never made it past three days old.

And then they swapped him out for a different child.

You're saying it was the method the snake used to strangle Jesus?

Yeah, I thought that was weird.

I mean, we all know these stories.

Well, it's because he used a rope.

Why didn't he just coil himself around the baby Jesus' neck?

Exactly.

He used one of those piano wires too.

It was very weird.

Yeah.

He snuck up behind him.

Yeah.

And kind of cliché.

In a bathroom style.

Super cliché too.

No, not Luca Brasi.

I forget who was killed with a garret in the Godfather film.

Gorot.

So many questions?

So many?

But that's all.

This is all holiday tradition.

I'm not learning anything new.

That's it.

I thought your one question was saying so many as a question.

Oh, yeah.

With a question mark.

So many?

Okay, great question.

Let's answer that.

Thank you.

Yes, you do have a lot of questions.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Thank you for answering my question.

Dan.

Yeah, so when the snake lowered baby Jesus into its premature grave by a rope by the neck, how did it mess up?

Do you know?

Because normally a baby survives that process.

I know exactly how.

He bragged about it to his buddies.

Oh, so he wasn't paying attention?

No.

Loose lips.

It's like the movie Goodfellows, where Robert De Niro says, hey, Goodfellows, don't talk about how great we are and how we have all this stuff.

Or even that we're even good.

Yes, keep that.

That's on the QT.

If you have to talk to anyone else about us, call us the Badfellows.

As far as anyone knows, we're criminals.

So don't go bragging about how great you are.

So this snake, he's like a- Pivotal scene, by the way.

Pivotal scene when the snake buys his wife a fur coat and Joseph was like, hey, what do we talk about?

Snakes are cold-blooded, which is why you have to buy them fur coats in order to keep them alive.

Yeah, they're cold-blooded in every sense.

A lot of pet stores do not give you that little tip and that's why every child's snake dies.

A lot of pet stores also don't display the snake fur coats wisely and- They don't do it in the front of the store where they're an impulse buy.

They put them in the back.

Yeah, and they just put them in an aquarium so you think it's like a bunch of puppies that are sleeping or something.

Yeah, and sometimes they mislabel them as puppies and sell them as puppies.

That's true.

Yes, and then people are like, hey, this puppy crawled out of its skin.

You owe me puppy money.

Because what a lot of people don't know is a snake fur coat and a puppy are actually the same thing.

The only reason puppies exist is because people bought these snake fur coats and tried to make pets out of them.

Anyone who has a puppy, they don't realize there's a snake inside who just has to take off its coat.

It's making the puppy go.

Yeah.

All right, guys.

What are your Christmas traditions?

Erin, I'm going to start with you.

Christmas traditions.

What do you do in your family?

First your individuals and then your mutual Christmas traditions.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, what you and Dan do together.

First of all, I like to just do the normal stuff like go out on a Saturday, get a tree, get an abortion, and it makes me emotional, I'm sorry.

No, that's okay.

And then just decorate the tree.

What was the- They said to say what we do together first.

Yeah, you guys- No, that was second.

It was second.

Oh, okay.

No, she talked about the tree first and then the abortion that you do together.

I was like, this is the worst way to learn about an abortion that involved me.

I know I'm very proud of myself.

This isn't about you.

Sisters are doing it for themselves.

I know.

But it's like a festive one.

It is.

Yeah.

You hang lights.

You hang lights, you do it quick, and then you move on with your day.

It's like an abortionation.

Yeah.

And then together, what do we do?

Oh, we always do the cutest things together.

Drink Bailey's, sing karaoke.

What's your song?

What's your jam?

Oh, hold on.

Is that a good question, by the way?

Oh, that's a great question.

What's your jam?

Your karaoke jam?

Yeah, I need affirmation sometimes.

Is that a good question?

What's your jam?

It's really good, Scott.

Okay, I'm going to re-ask.

Dan, what's your jam?

Ooh, can I say I did not like the way you asked it the second time?

I put a little spin on it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I didn't like it.

You were forcing it.

Yeah, I should just...

Let me take it down.

Yeah.

What's your jam?

Power of Love by Huey Lewis and the News.

That's the power of love.

Hey, if you're going to order a Pepsi, you're going to have to pay for it from the movie Back to the Future.

I forgot about that terrible joke.

How can I start you a tab?

You haven't ordered anything yet.

Oh, the worst kind of comedy.

No.

Oh, sure, Ronald Reagan's the president.

Why did you take me back to that terrible place?

Oh, get him away.

Get him away.

Don't need no credit card, right?

This train.

That's the power.

That's the power of love.

That's the power.

And then Ray Parker sued him into oblivion.

No, no, no, they sued Ray Parker.

That's why Huey Lewis isn't around anymore because Ray Parker took him to the Supreme Court.

Yeah.

Him and Anna Nicole Smith.

Well, Ray Parker was already there trying to fight for abortion rights so that a woman like Erin can get an abortion.

For ghosts.

Yeah, for baby ghosts.

For baby ghosts.

The most misunderstood of ghosts.

Ghosts making ghosts.

You only abort ghosts on Christmas.

Is that right?

Oh, yeah.

No, they're not.

They're just ghost babies.

Yeah.

I was hanging out in a lot of haunted houses.

I always go to a lot of haunted houses on Halloween and I usually always get ghosts pregnant.

And then I like to get ghosts un-pregnant on Christmas.

It's just a tradition I have, you guys.

I have some bad news for you.

What?

I know those invisible things that strip off all your clothes and have their way with you on Halloween.

Yeah, the ghosts.

Those aren't ghosts.

What?

That's an invisible man.

Sleeping in your bed.

Oh.

Ray Parker Jr. talked about it.

Oh, man.

Is it Ray Parker Jr.?

Yeah.

He made himself invisible.

Yeah.

That explains.

So maybe I should have these babies.

Right after he sang the Ghostbusters song, he made himself invisible.

You guys, I feel like I should have these babies now.

He looks so ashamed.

He's trying.

Wait, wait.

Heir to the Ghostbusters throne.

So thanks a lot for ruining my Christmas plans.

Sorry about that, Aaron.

But look, with the money that you would make as the mother of the heir to the Ray Parker Jr.

Huey Lewis fortune, you could have just abortions all year long, if you want.

And think about how much gum I could buy.

Oh, the gum.

Over 100 gums.

The gum, 100 gums.

That's a lot of cheese.

You could get some fancy gums.

One gum for every three days.

One gum.

What?

One gum to each other.

I thought that I watched that YouTube documentary about the making of that album, and that's such a weird sidebar that it took.

He was talking about gum, and it's kind of like Paul McCartney scrambled eggs, how he turned that into Yesterday.

But that song was one gum.

I do not understand the class war in the UK.

It doesn't make any sense to me.

Yeah, don't get it.

I mean, one.

Gum is always coming into it.

Can I say, how did Yesterday?

First of all, I will allow it.

Thank you very much.

How did Scrambled Egg get to the point of Yesterday?

Because if you have this, it's not like that melody at that stage of the song is that compelling.

So what made him keep going, when he couldn't even think of something?

Maybe the indomitable belief in oneself.

That's what I would think.

Oh, that's pretty good.

That's a good answer.

So he wakes up.

It's beautiful.

I'm not going to bust out an impression here.

But he wakes up and he says, Oh, I think I got me a great son today.

Is there your whole face just totally morphed into it?

And the fingers.

There's pointy fingers.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You adapted the traditional pistols into wriggly pointy fingers.

Double thumbs up.

Scrambled eggs.

Oh, let me call up Johnny on the blower.

It's me, John Lennon, the biggest creep in the world.

I got me a son, Johnny, I want to put your name on half of it.

Is it positive?

Go fuck yourself.

It's called the scrambled eggs.

Don't say that to me.

I've got an eating disorder.

Oh, Johnny, what do you want me to call it?

Why don't you call it yesterday when I wish you'd called me and I could have hung up on you.

I'll tell you what, I'll call you tomorrow.

And scene.

There we go.

We did it.

The scene started out great, but that was mostly because the pointy wiggly fingers.

I dropped them pretty good.

And then you dropped the pointy wiggly fingers and you kind of lost me.

My physicality as an actor, I tend to drop it very early on in my scenes.

A way to start strong.

I'm just trying to stay positive for you.

I would like to see more.

Yeah, it would be great if you could delve into the intrigue of how Paul McCarty secretly killed John Lennon.

Like if you could get into how he joined the Knights Templar and all that stuff.

Not enough people talking about that.

No.

Especially during Christmas.

And Dan Brown had that in the Da Vinci Code and the editors were like, what is this weird detour that you're taking where Paul McCartney is secretly killing- 1050 pages are devoted to it.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

That book was 3000 pages long.

It was very weird.

It was really weird, right?

It was like Weird Al.

Oh.

But a book.

Do you know what's weird about Weird Al is he's not that weird.

He's just nice.

They should call him Nice Al.

But you know what?

In this day and age, I guess being nice is weird.

Yeah.

True that.

Yeah.

Let's talk about holidays.

That's something people say.

How come being nice got so weird?

Yeah.

You know what?

How come a hug and a smile turned into crooked teeth and biting your friends?

Yeah.

Seriously.

This holiday season, do yourself a favor.

Get out there and be nice to one person.

Yeah.

Just one.

And if they say, why are you about to bite me?

Just say like, I don't think you have actually seen me bite anybody.

That's true.

That's a great way to answer that question.

And then when you go to hug them again and they're like, I really think I've heard that you bite people.

Just be like, look, holidays are for hugs.

Go fuck yourself.

Yeah.

I have that on a poster.

That whole sequence of events.

That's how I remember to do it.

But if you don't have the poster, then you can just keep this on your iPod and keep it cued up to this moment in the show.

Is there a way that you can get that poster, Scott?

What do you mean?

Well, I'm proposing a business venture.

No.

All I have is $10,000 though to spare.

Well, we'll make it work.

Have you heard of a little site called CafePress.com?

It's a burgeoning industry where you can put whatever you want on a thing.

It's a $9,000 fee to join.

Yeah, exactly.

You can put it on anything.

That's the big bummer about CafePress is you actually do need that capital to start an account on CafePress.

But you can put it on anything after that.

Yeah.

You can put your thing.

Put it on a rock.

Put it on a spoon.

Put it on a ship.

Put it on your toothbrush.

Put it on my child.

A crater.

You went at a turn.

You did two in a row.

Oh.

Oh, guys.

Sorry.

We're going to have to dock you points for that.

I'm sorry.

All right.

What is the score now?

Okay.

Currently, we're at Paul F. Tompkins is three.

Oh.

Erin Hayes is negative two.

Oh.

Dan Telfer.

Wait.

You are at 866.

You are in the lead.

I'm sorry to interrupt again, but how did I get negative two when I only got docked one point?

I don't remember.

Oh, yeah.

You only got docked one.

Because you're a woman.

Oh.

Oh, no.

That makes sense.

Okay.

Sorry.

You've come a short way, baby.

Guys, tell you what.

Why don't we take a break?

And when we come back- Why?

Paul F. Tompkins is going to be himself.

If I stop talking, I'm going to die, Scott.

Is that why you're on so many podcasts?

Yes.

Don't you understand?

This is like a Richard Bachman book.

That's the Stephen King alias.

Oh, God.

No, I was going to say Ramona Cleff.

That's not Richard.

He is a gnome de plume.

Let's take a break.

And this is... Oh, but by the way, this is a song from our... You can get this online right now at earwolf.com or on especialthing.com.

This is from the Comedy Bang Bang complete Christmas collection.

Over 50 songs for only $20.

It's all going to the LA Food Bank.

This is The Birthday Boys with Christopher Bell Rock to put you in the reason for the mise-en, and we'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang.

Christopher, Christopher, Christopher Rock, give him a mic and boy will he talk, pointing out the differences between everyone.

Buckle up, boy, the show's begun.

Christopher, Christopher, Christopher Rock, envelopes pushed and whitened.

Great people shocked.

Bigger and blacker and never scared.

In the frosty air, watch you stand up, the camera's panned up.

I saw your smiling face, Beverly Hills cop, you played a bell hop, and I was laughing all over the place.

Cracking up, giggling, busting a gut, thought I would never stop.

Laughin', laughin', laughin', laughin', laughin', laughin', laughin', thanks to Christopher Rock.

Christopher, Christopher, Christopher Rock, mom saw your show, goodbye HBO.

She says the N-word is kind of a swear.

In the frosty air, what a bright time, it's the right time to rock the night away.

This rock that is, that is, of course, scavenging the wise men and Christopher Bell Rock, turn me up a little, would you?

Can you get me up in those headphones?

Don't want to, don't want to give you the entire thing, want to make you pay for it, that's just a taste.

That's how they do it.

That's how they do it on The Wire.

That's right.

In hamster damn.

Paul.

That's my favorite season of The Wire, the one about the meat industry.

Hamster.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the one where it's all about all the illegal pork operations going on in Baltimore.

The meat industry.

All the pigs, because the pigs are this whole other culture, anthropomorphic, were pigs I should say.

Yeah, it was like a weird animal farm crossover in that one season of The Wire.

Yeah, why did they let George Orwell come back from the grave and write for that season of The Wire?

Why is that all they let him do?

I know, they summoned him and he was like, why not talk to him about the afterlife?

So many satires.

Or hell, where he is surely rotting.

Yeah.

I will do the new Dante's Inferno, they're like, no, no, no, no, there's this great show on.

A lot of people don't know about it yet because it's on paid cable and they need to Netflix it, but.

The new Dante's Inferno.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Because he has a 20th century sensibility and it's the 21st century and Dante's Inferno is a long time ago.

I know, people have been clamoring for a new one ever since.

I know.

When are we going to have a Dante's Inferno?

For the millennials.

They, well, but of course our Dante's Inferno was The Wire season 3.7.

That's right.

Season 3.7.

The Rocket.

Paul, you've been sitting on your hands.

Yeah.

You've been squirming.

You've been crossing and recrossing your legs.

Do you have to go potty?

Do you have to make it tinky?

I.

We're kids, we know how to make that happen.

I don't.

What?

You've been sitting crisscross applesauce.

No, not you and I, but Erin and I are both parents.

What, you're saying you can make your children go to the bathroom?

Hold on a second.

Let me hear this.

It's a hypnotizing kind of thing.

Do you show them The Queen of Spades?

Yeah.

What, wait, but I thought you don't have kids, that you're dead all inside.

I'm dead for part of my insides.

Oh, okay.

Just my.

But you know about The Queen of Spades' hypnotizing.

Yeah.

Peepy now tricks.

Well, I was an ex-child.

Yeah.

You used to be a child, right?

Yeah.

Before you broke up with childhood.

Yeah.

I'm going to go get high.

Okay.

See you, Paul.

You know me.

Always getting high.

Paul, if Tomkin's leaving the room.

I'm glad you warned us this was going to happen.

We'll be talking to him a little bit later, once he comes back from getting high, and only him, meaning he's not going to be portraying any characters.

Yeah.

I will be talking to you, too, as well.

I understand that.

Yeah.

So, Erin, you said you had some spoilers about this season of Children's Hospital that you wanted to tell me.

Children's Hospital.

This season.

Oh.

Yeah.

Well, I could totally.

Erin, shut up for a second, if you don't mind.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Come in.

Who's there?

Who is this coming over to the microphone?

Scott Axelman.

It's me.

What?

That's right.

It's Buddy Velestra.

Velestro.

Come on.

Yay.

Hi.

The Cake Boss is here.

It's me, the Cake Boss.

Hi, Cake Boss.

Cake Boss.

Hi, everybody.

Cake Boss.

How nice to meet you, Cake Boss.

Cake Boss.

Who?

Cake Boss.

Paula Tompkins Cake Boss.

Oh, he's all right.

Cake Boss.

Well, welcome to the show.

I haven't seen you in so long.

I know.

I've been busy.

It's the end of 2011 almost.

Thank God.

I'm glad it's over.

Wait a minute.

What a terrible year it was, you guys.

Why?

Marrone, what do you mean?

Oh, Marrone Scott Axelman.

Thank you for inviting me to my favorite expletive of choice.

This is a terrible year.

Marrone, you mean?

Marrone.

This is a terrible year.

The Thanksgiving was horrible for me.

Have you ever met our guest, by the way, Aaron Hayes?

Oh, no.

Dan Telfer.

Hi.

Have you watched his show on TLC?

Yeah, I'm a big fan of Top Chef Just Desserts.

That's not my show.

Well, you were probably a judge on it, right?

No.

Well, a guest judge.

They don't ask the Cake Boss because I'm not classy enough for Bravo.

No, Bravo.

You know what I mean?

Exactly.

That's how I do it.

Sarcastical.

Bravo.

Bravo, and you got to do that fake clapping, like mime clapping.

Yeah.

It's not really miming clapping.

You're actually just not connecting the hand to the other hand.

It's like for golf gaming.

Yeah, yeah.

And then I pretend to hold up those glasses on a stick like classy people have.

Uh-huh.

Aaron Hayes, I never met you before.

No, I've never met you, but I love cake.

That's great because I'm the boss of it.

I know.

He's like, you're great.

We're both TV people, though.

Yeah.

You guys are both TV personalities.

Yeah.

On different stations.

And like you said, I'm hugely famous.

Yeah.

Like me.

Yeah.

So we see each other in the cafeteria, maybe, of television.

Yeah.

Yeah, and I've been in a web series, so I've actually stared in at a window while I was here.

Oh, webisodes.

Yeah, exactly.

How quaint.

I'm the hobo of the cafeteria.

How 2010 of you.

I know.

Like right in front of a children's hospital person, too.

We've moved on.

We've rode those hobo rails right onto TVs.

Guys, I need to ask the cake boss something now.

Go for it.

OK, we've introduced everyone, but I need to ask him, why was your year so terrible?

Seriously.

Scott Oxford, I'm glad you asked me finally.

Let me tell you something.

OK.

I'm ready and willing.

Show you shut up so I can talk.

My ears are open.

I'm ready to listen.

You know what else is open is your mouth, and words are falling out of it at a great pace.

Apache.

Hey, Paisano.

Oh, hey, Paisano.

Oh, Marone.

You want to speak some Italian to me?

Hey, cannoli.

Hey, what are you going to do?

Do you make cannolis, by the way?

I do make cannoli.

It's kind of a cake.

Those are my favorite.

I really honestly want to know why your year was so bad, though.

I'm getting to it.

First, I do want to take a brief diversion about cannoli.

OK.

All right.

Say, what I love about making cannoli is knowing what a mess it's going to be for the person eating it.

Right.

OK.

That it's a hassle, it breaks a pod, you can scream on your fingers.

So that's on purpose?

Yes.

It's totally on purpose.

Try to make them as hard as you can.

That's right.

So you got to buy it to both very hard and very fragile at the same time.

I loved putting my fork into a cannoli, and all of a sudden it breaks apart, and part of your cannoli goes flying across the room.

That's the best.

And you put little tiny hidden cameras in your cannolis.

Yes, it seems like a very intentional peeping Tom thing.

And now it's Christmas, so you get to bury a child in a cannoli.

Exactly.

And then if you find it, you'll have good fortune for all the year.

But not that little child, because he's been baked inside an oven.

As is Christmas tradition.

I always thought you put it gently in the cream part of the cannoli after it was all done.

No.

You bake it?

I heard.

But the person who has the cannoli that has the child in it is going to have a really lucky year, right?

Right, because all the other cannolis don't have a child, and they're much smaller.

Like the lucky cannoli child.

Exactly.

Cannoli child.

He'll go straight to heaven.

He'll bypass purgatory.

Yep.

You'll just bypass George Orwell.

That's right.

He's roasting in hell for his satires.

How dare he.

I mean, sidebar on this.

How dare George Orwell.

He was rude.

It's rude of you to talk about the future like that.

That's not how it's going to be.

Unless you're right.

Yeah.

Well, so far, he's not, though.

No, so far.

So far as I know, for the past 25, 26 years, he's not been right.

No animals walking around and talking.

And also, we don't got a scary guy with a mustache who watches everything we do.

He did, though, predict that there would be a TV show called Big Brother.

That's true.

So good one, George Orwell.

Good one on him.

I hope that they make some offerings and get you out of purgatory.

I hope.

So you can sit on the right hand of the Father in the Kingdom of Heaven.

I go to church every week to pray for that.

Do you?

I do.

Every week?

Every week, I swear, kickbox.

I haven't seen you there, kickbox.

You don't go to my church.

How would you know?

You don't go every Sunday, so how do you know I don't go there?

How do you know I don't go every Sunday?

Which of us doesn't go to church all the time?

Neither of us.

Okay, deal.

Okay.

It's for suckers.

Kickbox, I need to ask you a very important question.

I wish you would.

Why has your year been so terrible?

Oh, I'm glad you asked me that.

Kickbox.

This is why my year was so terrible.

Thanksgiving.

It's the time of giving thanks.

You're supposed to say...

Love Thanksgiving.

Oh, I used to love it.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.

I'm saying I used to until very recently.

Now, a lot of people love Thanksgiving, and they continue to love Thanksgiving until the end of their lives.

And what you're saying is, is you have interrupted that process.

I'm different.

That's right.

Kickbox, can I ask you a very important question?

Yeah.

Why are you different in that regard?

Scott, I'm glad you asked me that.

Okay.

And I'm going to explain exactly why.

All right.

Approximately.

Please let there be no more dilly-dallying until that happens.

Four seconds.

Countdown from four.

I'm going to tell you.

Four, three, nose, one.

I wanted to do the countdown.

Okay.

Let's do it together.

All right.

Here we go.

Four, three, nose, one.

Okay.

Oh, oh, Aaron joined in.

But there it was.

No, I was very quiet.

I was very quiet.

Let's all do it together.

I had a little titmouse.

I'm ready.

Even Cyrus, the producer, can do it.

Okay.

I like his name because he's like a Civil War ghost.

All right.

Here we go.

Four, three, nose, one.

Here's what happened.

The Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.

You know, it's in New York and so close to New Jersey where I live.

Oh, yeah.

And so I- Greatest city in the world.

Oh, that's not true.

Come on.

New Jersey.

Yeah.

New Jersey is the greatest city in the world.

I thought you were talking about the other place.

So they have the big parade every year.

The parade cake balls.

Cake balls.

You replied.

That's right.

The story said cake balls.

Cake balls.

So they said, would you make a special cake for the parade?

We're going to put it on display and everybody's going to see it and then we're going to give it to the hungry people of New York City.

And I said, okay.

For that, I would charge.

And they said, oh, no, no, no.

Cake balls.

They replied.

They said, this is for free.

This would be a free job because it's for charity.

You don't pay people for charity.

That's not what charity is.

And I was like, hold on a second.

Sometimes charities, they have salaries.

They pay themselves salaries.

That's part of the running cost of the operation.

That's what I thought too.

Then I looked it up in the dictionary and then I was like, oh, I get it now.

I've been roped into this one.

Yeah.

If I want to look like a good person, which I do.

We all do.

We all want to look like good people so that the almighty God will admit us into his kingdom after we die.

I know.

Don't want to commit any accidental satire.

Don't want to meet George Orwell.

Down in the hell.

He's roasting for eternity.

Guys, I know we're in the middle of- With all those werepigs from Baltimore.

I know we're in the middle of a comedy show, but really that is the only way to get into heaven.

Comedy show.

Did you not know that this is a comedy show?

Whoa.

Who are you talking about?

All the times you've been on this show, you've never picked up on the fact that we're normally doing comedy stuff and then you barst in here?

How do I know what happened before I barst in here or barst in here?

That's a great point.

Thank you.

Anyway, accept Jesus into your hearts.

Okay, go ahead.

Of course.

So I say, okay, I'll make this cake and I thought if I'm going to do it for charity, I'm going to really do it up, right?

And then I'm going to make a cake- Where you're going to make it extra special?

Extra special.

Well, even though, look, Scott, you know, I don't got time to make a whole bunch of extra special cakes.

I got cakes to bake already.

You're usually making several cakes and you never have time for them.

Oh, Roger Maddell, I'm under the gut all the time with making these cakes.

How long does a cake usually take you?

Oh, let's see.

Probably like 10 minutes.

But you always wish you had an extra 10 minutes.

I wish I had 11.

So I say, I'm going to make this special cake.

It's going to be a two-scale, 7,000-layer cake of the underdog balloon.

Oh, so a cake of something, a balloon that already exists.

That's right.

Okay.

So it's going to be, you would see the underdog balloon in there, right behind it, the cake version of the underdog balloon.

Is it two-scale?

Two scales.

Not to underdog, but to the- In 10 minutes.

To the balloon of the underdog.

Yeah, not to the real-life underdog.

No one has been able to capture him to measure how high he is.

So this would be... No, I took more time than 10 minutes, obviously, for a cake like this.

This would be like a half hour.

Because when you're talking about 10 minutes, what type of cake are you normally talking about?

Oh, like a five-tier wedding cake.

Okay, that takes you 10 minutes.

Yeah.

Okay.

Do you ever make anything just less ornate or any kind of cakes that just- You mean, do I ever find myself, say, baking a plain cake?

Baking a plain cake?

Yeah, that's what I said.

What does that mean?

What?

What's going on?

What's happening?

What's going on?

I don't understand.

What is the meaning of this?

Yeah, here we go.

What's happening?

I'm very confused.

Got oxygen.

Don't be frightened.

I'll leave you there.

This is... I'm tearing my hair out with the fright and terror.

All right.

Everyone ready?

Yeah.

No.

What's happening?

It makes me want to move.

I am not ready.

I have no idea what's happening, but I'm kidding.

I'm in it.

What's going on?

This music is infectious.

I can't help but shake my shoulders.

Get ready to scream, everyone.

Oh, I get it now.

Alright, that was fun.

So you were saying that you were going to make a really big 7,000 layer cake.

7,000 layer underdog cake to scale to an underdog balloon.

And so I did.

It took me a half hour, 40 minutes.

How long did you wish you had?

Wish I had 31 minutes.

Yeah, what other cakes did you have lined up after that?

What would you have done with one more minute?

Hugged my child.

Oh, you have a child?

I think so.

Oh, okay.

I'm pretty sure I got some kids.

So you make a lot of cannolis.

I didn't like that.

That sounded dirty, kind of.

What?

I don't know.

No, I'm about the cream filling in those cannolis.

Exactly.

How do you know?

Why?

It's very suggestive.

It just sounds like you make a lot of cannolis.

You better stop saying that.

Whoa, he's standing up.

Oh my God.

I heard you make cannolis.

Wait a minute, guys.

You have a kid.

You don't tell me I make cannolis.

Marrone.

I'll tell you to make cannolis.

Marrone, Marrone, Marrone.

This is getting out of hand.

Scott, use the safe word.

Okay.

You're making Aaron Hayes cry from children's hospital.

She's crying from children's hospital.

She's crying all the way from children's hospital.

I ran to children's hospital and I'm crying.

Jesus Christ, there's a fucking cordon.

I've never heard you curse.

Well.

Other than Marrone.

Marrone.

So I'm making this cake and I rent this, it's like the same kind of flatbed truck they used to transport missiles and I bring it to the fairgrounds to where the parade is.

I remember a movie about that.

Go ahead.

What was the name of that movie?

You put me on the spot here.

Yeah, that's right.

It's a callback to something I dimly remember from about eight shows ago.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

That was a movie that Bob Cage made.

Yeah, Bob Cage was in that.

That's right.

Yeah.

Good old Bob Cage.

The giant vibrator.

Yeah.

He transferred a giant vibrator.

Oh, Nicolas Cage's brother?

Yeah.

Have you ever met him?

No, not yet.

Oh boy.

He wants a lot of cakes.

He wants a lot of cakes?

Yeah, he doesn't want to pay for them though.

Oh, then forget it.

Forget about it.

Forget a... Forget about it.

Forget a about it.

So I make this cake and I rent the missile silo truck and then I bring it up to the start of the parade and they're like, oh, cake boss, the cakes aren't going to be in the parade.

That was supposed to go to the homeless shelter where a bunch of filthy bums are going to tear it apart with their bare hands like a bunch of gorillas wearing other people's clothes.

Like a snake wearing a fur coat?

That's what I said at the time.

I was like, wow, like a snake wearing a fur coat?

And they said, no, not a puppy.

Get out.

Eat cake boss.

Take your dumb cake with you.

What?

That's right.

You were willing to leave that cake there?

I was going to do it for charity and I said, fine, nobody gets this cake now and I pushed it over with my bare hands.

Into what?

I did nothing because my hand went right through because it's a cake.

It ruined my watch.

I'd love to lick your fingers by the way, if we ever get it.

Or his watch.

Oh, what are you, a Dan Telp over here?

Suggestive languages?

Look, the cake in the watch, that's amazing.

But did the gorillas with wearing other people's clothes ever get any cake?

Yeah, who got that cake?

Did you just leave it there?

I left it in the street for all the rats of New York City.

But whose clothes were they wearing?

The homeless people probably made hats out of it.

The rats might have been wearing their own clothes.

There's probably a whole family of homeless people who howled out the cake and they've made it their home.

Hold on.

Why don't they eat it?

Well, they ate their way inside of it and they made walls by eating it.

But a cake is not good for a home.

Cake boss, let me ask you something.

It's Christmas time.

Cake can be good for a home?

What Dan Telpher just said, it's Christmas time.

It's like the ancient Christmas hymn.

You're not letting anyone eat this cake.

That's not the reason for the mason.

It might not be the reason for the mason.

But I feel like by leaving that cake in the middle of the street in New York, people could get at it if they wanted to.

I didn't take it away.

That's disgusting.

Making homeless people go out in the middle of the street to eat your cake.

Is that more disgusting than somebody insulting the cake boss and not letting his cake march in the parade?

I rule that it is.

I made that cake with working legs so it could march on its own.

I have a feeling, cake boss, that you are going to go to sleep tonight and you're going to...

I think you're right.

I'm not done.

What?

He was already getting up to go home.

I hate these two potters.

You're going to be thinking about this and you might have some very interesting dreams.

You might have...

I don't know if you're planning on eating anything tonight, perhaps a bit of undigested potato or something, but you are going to...

It's going to be a crumb of beef, a spot of mustard.

It's a shame you can't make something more nourishing.

I don't like to eat a big heavy thing before I go to bed because it gives me weird dreams.

You're looking very sleepy right now, by the way, I have to tell you.

I'm pretty snoozy.

Do you need to take a nap while we continue with the rest of the show?

Let me just curl up in the cold now.

Cake boss is going to take a little nap.

Let me talk to...

It looks like he's thinking about things.

I know.

I wonder what he's dreaming about right now.

Cake boss, it's your old partner.

What?

This is impossible.

You're dead.

Manjabafangu.

Remember, we stopped being partners because he was too filthy to assert segment of the population.

Yes.

Italians.

Yeah.

Italian.

Yeah, too much to simmer.

Your target market.

Yeah, that's right.

You need to change, buddy.

Need to.

Have to.

Oh, you put it like that.

It scares me a little bit.

You are a cold-hearted misanthrope.

Am I?

You are.

You wouldn't give that cake to the homeless people, would you?

This cake business is really literally coming back to haunt me.

You will be visited by three ghosts!

Three more?

More than me!

Three ghosts!

But you're a ghost, right?

I'm a ghost, but you'll be visited by three other ghosts.

So, total of four ghosts.

It's like the three musketeers.

It's actually the three musketeers and Detonjon.

Which version?

It depends on the one with Orlando Bloom.

The most recent one?

No, the one right before the most recent one.

Oh, was there two in two years?

Yeah.

That's weird.

Yeah, well it's public domain.

And there was one in 2011.

Yeah.

It doesn't make any sense.

That came out the weekend of 9-11.

Ugh, I know.

That was weird.

Anyway, three ghosts.

See you later.

Okay, thanks.

Thanks for having me.

Bye!

Manjabafungu!

Audi!

Yeah, I wonder if he's going to wake up or if this is going to get weird or something like that.

I wonder if he's... anyway, let's continue with my in-depth interview.

We've just made Dan Telford cry.

I know, talking about his family.

And I told all the spoilers of Children's Hospital.

Cake Boss.

Who is this before me?

I'm the ghost of Cake's past.

What?

From before?

From before.

Remember when you were just a child, Cake Boss?

Before I was even the boss of them.

Before you were the boss, you were the cake protégé underling.

Cakes and I were like on equal footing.

I might even have been below them.

You might have been.

Remember the first cake?

You only gave it two minutes.

That's right.

It didn't turn out very well.

No, it was a horrible cake, Boss.

It needed another 30 seconds.

If only I had the time.

If only.

What are you doing with your time now, Cake Boss?

Oh, you know, making some cakes and, uh, you know...

What do you want me to do?

What are you doing with your time now, Cake Boss?

Oh, you know, making some cakes and, uh, you know...

I feel like that's good.

I feel like you've stayed along the same path.

Yeah, pretty much the same stuff, yeah.

Oh.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I think I was supposed to shame you.

Oh, well...

But I feel like I'm mostly proud of you and your accomplishment.

Thank you very much.

What a nice ghost.

Oh, thanks.

I've often been complimented.

You know I'm not very good at my job.

What?

Ghost abortion for you.

What?

Oh, no!

That ghost got aborted.

That was terrible. I barely got to chat with that ghost.

Oh, I had so many ghost questions.

Hello, Cake Boss.

Oh, hi.

I am the ghost of cakes present.

Oh, like now?

Yes. There are cakes that you could be making right now, but you have chosen to go to a podcast instead.

Think of all the ovens that sit idly with the gas turned all the way up because you don't know how to turn them off.

Seven.

Think of all the children you may or may not have, but you have not been home in high on 16 years.

Four.

Think of all the puppies that you walk by in storefront windows and you do not go inside the pet store and extract the snake from the fur coat and show all the children that these are not actually safe pets to take home.

Yeah, why would I? The snakes.

You don't have a number on that?

Oh, where'd you come from?

Hey, it's me, Scott. I'm appearing in your dream.

Hey.

Thanks for dreaming about me, by the way.

Get out of my dreams and into my car.

Speaking of which, we're at a karaoke bar now.

Is that your jam, buddy?

It's kind of my jam.

Well, why don't you get up there? I'll buy you a Corona.

Well, thank you very much. I hope you don't mind if I mix it up later on and do it suddenly.

Oh, that's totally cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The ladies like it, you know what I'm saying.

But there's not really a lot of people here yet, so don't put too many tests.

No, no, no. Here's my approach. I like to get a starter with something up tempo. I let people get a few drinks in them.

They're not so judgmental about the quality of the starter.

Here's your drink, by the way.

Oh, thank you very much.

I was listening. I was just placing the order. I hope you didn't mind.

Do people pee in these?

Yes.

They do, don't they?

There's someone peeing in it right now.

What? Right in front of me?

A baby ghost has taken his...

Oh, come on. What, like from a statue?

By a ghost of King's Presby, you taught me nothing.

I didn't try very hard.

You really didn't.

Oh, no. What? There's just some ghost. He's just standing there pointing at stuff.

What are you pointing at? I don't know. Look, you're not being very helpful.

What are you pointing at? Okay, you're pointing at me. He's pointing at something behind me.

You're pointing at me. Could you just nod a little? You're pointing at me.

You're pointing at me. Okay, two words. Okay. First word. First syllable. Okay.

Sounds like... scream. Okay. Sounds like scream. Yell. Shout. Holla. Sounds like... scan.

Why are you getting so mad at me?

I can't talk. That's why.

Oh, you just said something.

I broke the ghost code.

That's all right. I won't tell nobody. I'm asleep.

Yeah, that's what I'm trying to say. Sounds like scream. Dream.

Oh, I'm dreaming.

Yeah, you're dreaming.

What's the point of this? You're not going to show me nothing?

No.

Hey!

I don't know.

Why do you get out of my car and into my dreams if you're not even going to show me a lesson about cakes?

Look, I'm the ghost of cake's future.

Okay.

Okay?

Sure.

Yeah. Look. Look at what I'm pointing at.

Nothing?

No cakes.

Oh, that's right. Because the future, they haven't been made yet.

No, you're dead.

What?

Yeah, you're dead.

What happened to me?

You're dead. You're in hell.

Do I have sleep apnea?

Yeah, of course. And you're dead. You're in hell. You're with George Orwell. That's it.

Oh, no.

Yeah, no more cakes.

The worst.

If you don't change.

Okay. What do I got to do?

I don't know. Look into your heart.

Look into your heart.

Alfredo.

No.

Oh, Miller's Crossing.

Oh, Miller's Crossing. Right. I get those two confused.

That's a good movie.

They put out a Miller's Crossing like every year.

Yeah. Why did they do that?

They put out one in 2011 right on 9-11.

Yeah. And then the one with Orlando Blue.

That's so weird.

Anyway, change.

All right.

See you later.

Message received.

Anyway, guys, thank you so much for burying yourselves.

Yeah, I feel like I've got a huge weight lifted.

I feel emotionally naked.

You guys are like emotional weight lifters. That's what I wanted to say.

And you guys are benching 280.

Oh my God.

I got some emotions.

Oh my God.

Oh.

Good morning.

Hey, boss.

Hey, boss. You have a good nap?

I forgot you were there. Hey, buddy.

The most wonderful sleep of my life.

First of all, I needed to get some rest.

I was really kind of worn out.

You seem tired.

I was run down. Yeah.

I look tired, right?

Yeah.

No, you're sweet not to say anything, but I know I look kind of tired.

You came back out of it pretty well though.

I like the raccoon eyes. You know what I'm saying?

Anyway, I had a great sleep, so that's good.

Okay.

But also, guess what?

What?

I learned an important lesson about changing my life.

Oh, tell us a little bit about it.

Oh, what's a lesson?

I learned that the important thing in life is to make cakes, or else there's no cakes in the future.

And also, that's it, I think, right?

So basically, keep doing what I'm doing, keep on keeping on.

Yeah, good.

Wait, that's not too insane at all.

Stay the course.

No, that's actually exactly what you've been doing.

I mean, it sounds like you're actually doing great in your life, and you don't need to do anything.

That's what you, George Bin Washington, doing.

Boo!

Right?

Guys, we've called back a lot of things during this show.

It's true.

I thought I would jump in there.

Are you talking about the President of Bethlehem?

Of course I am, Dad.

From the first Christmas.

Yeah, oh, so you have been going to the church.

That's right.

This is what I'm telling you.

I go to the church every Christmas.

Just once a year?

Just once a year.

Oh, and also on Easter to celebrate the resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ.

Well, the one as big as me?

Yeah, that's right.

I just wanted to say that from the Christmas Carol.

From what?

The one as big as me?

I don't know what that is.

The one as big as me?

There you go.

Oh.

Well, that was really informative.

We were listening to your entire dream while we were talking.

What?

I wasn't talking to my sleep, was I?

Oh, we're skilled in telepathy.

Yeah.

You're skeleton telepathy.

Skilled in it.

I thought you could read my skeleton's thoughts.

Well, that wasn't a weird segment in the least.

No, I'm going to go back to sleep for a little bit.

You guys talk about whatever you want.

All right, tell you what, let's go to a break.

This is Doug Benson with Christmas Wrapping.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang.

Baa humbug, now that's too strong.

Cause it's my favorite holiday.

But all this year has been a busy blur.

Don't think I have the energy to add to my already mad rush.

Just cause, tis the season.

The perfect gift for me would be completions and connections.

Left from last year, ski, shop, encounter.

Most interesting, had her number, but never the time.

Most of 81 passed along those lines.

So deck the halls, trim those trees.

Raise up cups of Christmas cheer.

I just need to catch my breath.

Christmas by myself this year.

Calendar picture, frozen landscape.

Chilled this room for 24 days.

Evergreen, sparkling snow.

Get this winter over with.

Flashback to springtime, saw her again.

Would have been good to go for lunch.

Couldn't agree when we both were free.

We tried, we said we'd keep in touch.

Oh, that is of course, scavenging the wise men with Christmas rapping.

And that song is available on yourwolf.com and a specialthing.com as well as many other songs and all the proceeds go to charity.

And guys, we've been having a lot of fun, but it's time to get to business.

Let's get to it.

Let's get to it, okay guys? Here we go.

All right, it's time to play a little game called Would You Rather?

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather?

We all know the rules to this.

People send us Would You Rather scenarios to my Twitter, which is at C-B-B-W-Y-R, comedy band Bang Bang Would You Rather, and we read them out loud here.

I will open the floor for questions, and you are all allowed to ask me any question about either of the scenarios that you like, and then we will shut down the floor and we will then...

Scott.

Yes, buddy.

Can I ask a question?

This is, I know this is unorthodox.

Sure.

Can I ask a question about the question floor?

I'm opening the floor for pre-questioned questions right now.

Okay. This question floor, is it like a real place that exists in space?

It does, in alternate universes, yeah.

So when we ask questions, are we transported there?

We're accessing those. We're kind of going through wormholes in space and time.

Are we all in the same place at the same time, or is it like a weird future council where we're looking from different dimensions and stuff?

Yeah, there's several different versions of us who are all watching us.

Some have mustaches, some have beards, some have like, you know, eye patches, and some have been, like, their arms have been chopped off, depending on, you know, the misfortunes that have befallen them.

Thank you.

God bless us, we're all doing okay with our physical selves right now.

Thank you for settling a bet for me.

Okay, no problem. Did you win that bet or did you lose that bet?

I just won $10.

Oh, good. Congratulations.

It was a bet with my wife.

My wife. Borat! All right, so here we go. Is everyone...

I'm ready.

Everyone ready? All right.

Everyone ready for more Borat?

Here we go. In my country, there's a problem.

Yeah, baby.

That's a great Borat.

Thank you so much.

Mark McAvoy. Mark McAvoy on Twitter asks...

Mr. McAvoy, actually, is his handle. Mr. Underscore McAvoy asks...

Oh, pardon me.

Would you rather be a time-traveling DJ...

All right.

Mm-hmm.

...or famine?

Or famine. Like, I am famine?

I'm sorry I'm going to have to dock you points.

The floor is not open for questions.

Would you rather blunt the right stuff?

Classic. So classic.

That takes your point total down quite a bit.

Really below negative zero.

Plus, you started with negative one, as we all know.

That's true. That's true.

Oh, no. Do you hear those sirens?

The cops.

Did you do something on your way here?

No.

You said that awfully defensively.

I didn't commit a cake murder.

Wait a minute. The last time we...

Cake murder?

Who said cake murder?

The last time we talked to you, you were a cake zombie.

I still am.

Okay, okay, good.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

All right, so guys, I'm opening, rather, the floor for questions.

I'll opal it, too.

I'll opal it.

Would you rather be a time-traveling DJ or famine?

I'm sorry, is the floor open to questions now?

That is your first question?

No, damn it!

Yes, it is.

Thank you.

You do not get docked any points because the floor is open.

Oh, okay. Am I famine as a whole?

You are the concept of famine.

I'm the concept of famine.

Yes.

I have a question.

Dan.

Yes.

If you're famine, you can also time-travel, correct?

Oh, you are famine that has...

Every famine that has ever existed and will exist.

So you're omnipresent?

Yes, of course.

Okay, okay.

I have a question.

Why did Dan say that that's a thing we all assumed, that famine could time-travel?

Well, look, I...

You and I are on some next-level shit here.

We're looking at each other.

We're just poking through that wall in time-space.

I've ridden into a wormhole before.

It's like a Kate Bush song or something.

What, riding a worm into a wormhole?

I don't know, poking through the wall.

Not a fan?

She's all right.

If you're in the mood.

You know, there was a time in my life I liked it more than I like it now.

What about Sarah McLaughlin?

You watch a lot of 120 Minutes?

Is that your thing?

Yeah, the Kevin Seale days.

Oh, sorry, I like Kevin Seale.

I do have a question.

Yes, the floor recognizes Erin Hayes from Children's Hospital.

Thank you for recognizing me from Children's Hospital.

My name is Erin Hayes.

I recognize you as Dr. Lola Spratt.

Thank you.

I play Dr. Lola Spratt.

My name has two N's in it.

A lot of people don't know that, but I'm glad to be recognized for who I am, Erin Hayes.

You must get recognized everywhere.

Oh my God, everywhere.

If I become a time traveling DJ, do I get to bring my own music back to whatever time I'm traveling to?

Like Timecop.

Like Timecop, yeah, like Timecop.

The beginning scene where he puts on his Walkman and he starts playing loud metal songs?

Sure.

And he's a banker in the 20s or something?

Sure.

No, no, no, you don't get to do that.

I don't know.

You have to use...

I just go back and play whatever songs are on the time?

Whatever format they are, so it might be 78s, you might have to get...

So this is really a question just for people really interested in forms of music?

You're just thinking about the past right now, Erin.

I'm thinking about the future.

And then could I come back and make that music and then be...

After considering this, I'm going to pick Famine.

I have a question.

But don't vote yet, though.

Oh, it's not voting yet.

Cake Boss.

As this time traveling this jockey, I'm assuming that's what DJ stands for.

Yes, Cake Boss, you are correct.

Cake Boss, how much time do I have...

Am I allowed to spend in the different time periods or am I just there long enough to do the gig and then I go back to my own time?

It's just like three songs.

Yeah, you...

That's a short party.

Well, that's, you know, Erin likes to keep her parties really short.

Really short.

I've been to one of your parties.

Yeah.

I got there first up and I was there for about 15 minutes.

I saw you for a second.

And then you kicked everyone out.

Well, three songs were up.

You're only there until the end of the party.

So you keep trying to elongate the party because you want, you know, every once in a while you fall in love with someone who...

In one of these times in which you travel to.

Are we wedding DJs?

You're a DJ for various events, but...

I have a question.

Yes, Dan.

So is there a, again, if you're the time traveling DJ, are you bound to some sort of moral...

Compact?

Like...

Obligation?

Yes.

Like Dr. Samuel Beckett was, or can you commit time murder?

Oh, you're talking about time murder.

I was thinking you do have to complete the gig.

Yeah.

You're bound by that.

But that is the only moral obligation.

God is not watching over you and there's not some narrative like stringing all the gigs together.

No, no, no.

You can time murder.

You can cake murder.

You can do whatever you want.

Cake murder?

I have a question for Dan Telfer.

Oh, okay.

Great.

This is highly irregular, but please go on.

Oh, quite a bleep.

That character's name was Samuel Beckett?

Yeah.

Like the playwright.

Oh, like the playwright?

That's not...

That's dumb.

Oh, you don't think it's dumb that all of Samuel Beckett's characters are named after poop and stuff like that?

I never said that was great.

Wait, I want to get your opinion on this.

Is it great?

It's dumb.

I have a question.

Yes.

As a time traveling DJ, do I have business cards that say time traveling DJ?

Is that how I build myself?

That's how you get other gigs.

Yeah.

Well, I have a question.

I have a question.

What about my employer as a DJ?

Am I assuming the body of somebody like Samuel Beckett?

It feels wrong to say that.

I never knew that that was his character's name.

Do I look like them?

No, no.

You get to look like your own...

Do I look like myself?

You look like yourself.

What if my employer stumbles on the scene and is like, what the...

Where's Raul?

Let me tell you something, Erin.

We only have one employer and that's Jesus Christ.

Boom.

Holidays.

He's the guy that...

He is your employer.

Time traveler?

Yeah, he makes you time travel.

He forces you to do it.

This just might bring me to church.

Yeah, exactly.

I have a question.

You're welcome anytime, Erin.

Thank you.

I'm sick of talking about the DJ.

You're only there once, twice a year.

That's anytime.

Yes, Dan.

If you're the concept of famine, can you kill the time DJ?

Great question because whoever chooses the time DJ out of the three of you can be killed by famine.

Yes, you are right.

The time traveling DJ eventually starves to death.

So famine can be proactive as a concept and actually have an agenda.

Yes, because you have a doppelganger and that's whoever chooses the other side of the coin.

And it is your duty in life to murder and time murder that other doppelganger, yes.

I got a question.

Yes.

Cake boss.

Am I the famine from the Bible, from the book of Revelations?

You're that famine among many famines.

Now are my buddies the other three horsemen of the apocalypse that day along for the ride?

Of course, yes.

Or am I making little side trips?

Like hold on a second, pestilence and war and stuff.

How long is this going to take?

Is that what they're like?

Yeah, they're a lot like that.

So they're used to my little proclivities.

You know what?

You're so fun to be around that they just kind of roll with it.

Oh, I'm a fun guy as famine.

So fun.

I have a question.

I understand.

Because you're the concept of famine, is your horse really high maintenance?

And is that a drag at all?

A nag more like.

You have a- Oh, in every sense.

Yeah, you have a really old horse, but you've been with her for a long time and you love each other.

Does that answer your question?

Yeah.

Does the horse have any kind of supernatural powers though?

Oh, you mean like- You ride through the sky?

You mean like laser time eyes?

Yeah.

Oh, no, no, no, no.

No laser time eyes.

I can actually do any killing for you with laser time eyes or- No, no, no, no, no.

Oh, lazy.

Or death hooves.

No death hooves.

No, not at all.

No, it's just a regular horse.

Okay.

I have a question.

Yes.

As famine, do I have to like, because famine kind of takes a long time and like, do I have to live in the places where I'm doing famine?

Because I like to like a bountiful valley kind of setting.

Then you are not going to like being famine, unfortunately.

I feel like I might not.

Like I like rivers.

What are you suggesting, that you're just going to go create a famine and then go relax in Ibiza?

If that's what I am, then I feel like I'll just go, that's like my job.

Then I just like do that and then I go- And then you coast the rest of the time?

They're like Santa Barbara or something.

Do the work.

Like that sounds nice.

Wine country.

No.

Take a take to Napa.

What kind of famine?

I am seriously reconsidering offering you being famine.

If this is the way you're going to treat this job.

I feel like that's a rude thing to say.

This is a new wrinkle.

I wasn't aware.

Sorry, famine's off the table for you.

I can only be the time traveling DJ.

You can only be the time traveling DJ.

I don't know that many songs.

And you're going to be killed by whoever chooses famine.

I'll tell you that much right now, young lady.

I have a question.

Yes, Dan.

Now, when you say famine and the time traveling DJ are each other's doppelgangers.

Yes.

Does that mean that they're literal like doppelgangers who haven't met each other, but they know it's their sole purpose?

Or did they go to like high school together and one of them dressed like the other and they resent each other?

The former.

If they ever touch, then they destroy each other.

Okay.

So they've never met before.

It just works.

Yeah.

If you ever meet and touch somebody who looks and acts exactly like you, then the world ends.

That's why everyone's doppelganger lives exactly on the other end of the earth.

And anytime you travel, your doppelganger actually travels in the exact same way opposite.

That's convenient.

I have a question.

Yes.

Cake boss.

As famine, am I also a bit of a DJ myself?

I fancy myself a DJ perhaps?

As a hobby, yes.

Yeah.

I don't make a living at it, but it's like- No, no.

I mean, you do a little side gig.

I put together mixes for people and stuff like that.

Oh, I got a follow-up question.

Follow-up question.

As the time traveling DJ, if I'm in a period where they have such things as an iPod or you can make a playlist- So pretty much from 2000 on.

Yeah.

Okay.

So including the future.

Sure.

Can I make like a long playlist and then go off and commit time crimes?

While that other person is occupied?

Listening to the long mix, is that what you're saying?

Exactly.

At whatever party or whatever, then I'm like, all right, we're going to... I have it perfectly so that it's like a set of fast songs and then mid-tempo and then into a slow number, then back into the electric slide or whatever, so then I can go off and I can do assassinations and- What kind of time crimes are you thinking about?

Like steal treasures and commit assassinations.

Like Curly's Gold?

Yeah.

Like a Curly's Gold scenario.

I don't know.

That's still out there.

In the future, someone's got to find it.

You're suggesting it would be you?

I'm not saying it's not me.

I will allow this.

Oh, I like it.

All right.

Guys, it's just about time to vote.

We're going to wrap it up here.

I hope you have all the information you need.

We're closing the floor for questions.

And Dan, I'm going to need your answer.

How do you like to vote?

I would vote time traveling DJ.

Time traveling DJ.

Why is that?

Because I feel like I would retain my humanity.

I feel like becoming a family would encounter many of the problems that a vampire or another immortal creature would have, and they would begin to resent their own existence.

I feel like given your previous answers, you would not maintain your humanity.

No, I mean, I would commit murder, but like it would be like for fun, like the kind of fun a human can have.

Like famine, death, and murder would just become like a chore.

Like too heady.

Or it would be like watching a civilization rise and fall.

Still, she called you on.

Yeah, for real.

So for real.

So you're right.

I'm a sociopath.

All right.

Aaron, we all know you're the time traveling DJ, and Cake Boss, how do you like to vote?

Cake Boss?

I guess I got to go with famine.

Why is that?

Well, it seems the best of all possible scenarios in this scenario.

Because you're going to murder the other two.

I'm going to murder the other two.

I get to DJ in my spare time.

I'm sort of a lovable goofball with my other horsemen of the apocalypse.

I get to kill people.

See, look, he likes to kill people too.

Yeah, but he never said that he wouldn't.

Oh, these are the choices that were given there, Telford.

That's all I'm saying.

But you never fall in love.

Oh, that's okay.

Oh, okay.

Great.

Well, let me tally up the points here.

Aaron.

I don't have time for love.

I'm busy making cakes that no one will ever eat because I'm starving to death.

Well, you know, you don't get to make cakes in this scenario.

I'm so sorry.

What?

Yeah, you get to make cakes with the time traveling DJ.

It's famine.

Famine wouldn't make cakes for fucking anybody.

Why wouldn't I make cakes to let them rot in front of hungry people's eyes?

I'm so sorry, but you get to make no cakes.

No cakes in this scenario, which means you voted incorrectly.

And Aaron and Dan, you both voted correctly, so you get the exact same amount of points.

So Dan, you're at 827 points.

And Aaron, you're at 826 because you started at negative one, which means, Dan, you're a winner.

Congratulations.

I'm so happy.

Thank you so much.

Congratulations to you.

And now you may murder them.

Yay.

All right.

What song should we play?

Would you rather?

Merry Christmas.

Oh, a little fade up on that little extra song.

That is Would You Rather.

Guys, we did it.

We made it through to the other side and there's really only one thing left here in the show and that's a little something we call plugs.

Should be over already.

Missed the perfect out point.

They need to push the start button.

Still going.

I do like the monster sounds though, I'm not going to lie to you.

This is like the Layla of plugs themes.

The end of...

Great fellows.

Oh Scott, I don't like plugs, so I'm getting out of here.

Oh, okay.

See you later, man.

All right.

Goodbye, everybody.

Merry Christmas.

See you at purgatory.

All right.

That was, by the way, that was the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial theme song is 8-Bit Plugs by Johnny Marco.

If you have a plugs theme, go ahead and put that on yourwolf.com under the message boards appropriate thread for plugs themes.

And we did it.

It's December.

And what do we, Aaron, what do you got to...

Oh, man.

I'm sorry.

Hey guys.

Hey Paul.

I'm so high.

Wow.

Yeah.

You did take a long time to get high.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I ate a whole bottle of aspirin.

You had to get up the courage too.

Yeah.

That took most of the time.

Yeah, yeah.

I was a lot of staring at myself in the mirror, telling myself, come on, come on, get high for once.

That's high.

Aaron, what do you like to plug?

What's going on at Children's Hospital?

Children's Hospital, we just started filming.

Oh, wow.

Congratulations.

Yes, thank you.

The fourth season.

Right?

Yeah, the fourth season.

So we're doing that.

I did some episodes of David Wayne's web series, Wainy Days, which should be coming out pretty soon.

And then look for a movie called It's a Disaster, a little independent movie that we'll be doing some...

Is that one of those epic movie?

It's like a comedy end of the world kind of comedy.

Hey guys.

That sounds fantastic.

So hopefully it'll make it in some festival circuits and have some limited screenings things.

Fantastic.

I'll be looking out for that.

You're one of America's great talents.

And Dan Telfer, what do you have to plug?

January 24th through 28th, I will be at the Acme Comedy Club in Minneapolis with Jackie Cation.

Oh, great.

That's a good bill.

It is a good bill and it's a lovely comedy club.

Yeah, that's a great club from what I hear.

Minneapolis, great comedy town.

Yes.

Any other...

Anywhere else around the country or is that it for you for 2012?

Well, I'll be doing some other stuff in March.

I'm actually going to be in a festival that I'm not supposed to talk about, which is great.

Oh, a festival in March.

Yeah.

So that'll be fun.

The March Festival.

Yeah, one of those.

So, but yeah.

Is that the March Madness Festival?

It is actually.

Yeah.

I get to watch other people play basketball.

They'd bring in a bunch of comedians.

There's like a whole part of the audience.

I think that's just going to a basketball game.

Well, there's like three of us.

I don't know if that's a festival.

There's like three of us.

They wouldn't...

But other people will be there, right?

Well, yeah.

Yeah.

Like blended in though.

Blended into the three of you.

Wait, I'm actually, you know, I realize I'm making a case for the opposite side.

Yeah.

I'll probably be doing another comedy, but I don't know when.

I want to plug...

Life is mysterious.

Well, I don't know where I'm going to live.

I'm trying to move to LA.

That's true.

So perhaps I'll be in LA.

God willing, you'll be here soon.

We'll get you here.

I want to plug the Christmas songs that we've been playing on this show.

It's the Comedy Bang Bang Complete Christmas Collection.

You can get that for $20 over...

No, do you want to do that while I go fuck myself?

Hey, we're going to do you last.

Why am I last?

Best for last.

Remember that?

Save it.

Oh, I feel dumb now.

All right.

Well, now you swore at him.

I really did.

You really did.

Well, to be fair, he was swearing at himself.

It's true.

You know what I mean?

I was swearing near you.

But the Comedy Bang Bang Complete Christmas Collection, $20 for over 50 songs.

You can get that on earwolf.com or on a specialthing.com.

And I also want to plug my band Scavengers and the Wise Men will be out there playing...

We're going to be playing the ACME Comedy Club January 25th, I believe, in Minneapolis.

So go check us out.

Just got that gig.

Owner called me up, said it was a big opportunity for me because he couldn't stand the act that he had on.

And so anyway, so we'll be playing that and I got to warm up the Hammond B3.

I tell you.

Paul.

Hi.

What do you have to plug?

Oh.

December 17th.

Great date.

It's a really great date.

And here's one of the things that makes it so great, Scott.

The Paul F. Tompkins Show at Largo at the Coronet.

This is our Christmas show.

Your Christmas shows are always the best of shows.

They're always a lot of fun and they're always a benefit for Habitat for Humanity.

We have many special surprise guests on the show.

Oh boy.

Tell us one.

And I'm not going to...

No, I will not.

Tell me one.

You goddamn miser.

I will not tell you any.

God, you're like...

But we have...

Ebenezer Scrooge of Scoop.

I'm a little Scrooge.

Scroogel.

I'm a little Scroogel.

But we have great sketch guests and music guests for this one.

It's very exciting.

And as I say, it's a benefit for Habitat for Humanity.

Then December 22nd, I'll be making my...

Pilgrimage.

My pilgrimage.

That's right.

Back to the Holy Land.

In a matter of speaking, I go to Charleston, South Carolina every year for Christmas because my wife is from there and her family is there.

I will be making my professional debut in Charleston at Theatre 99 on December 22nd.

I'll be doing an hour of stand-up there and that will be a benefit for crisis ministries in Charleston, South Carolina.

Oh my goodness.

And all tickets are available at paulfthomkins.com.

You're really giving back this year.

You know what?

As opposed to other years.

Yeah.

There's a lot of years where I'm like, I'm keeping it.

And this is one of those years where I'm giving some back because I do take money from these charities.

So I'm literally giving back.

Yeah.

Well guys, we did it.

This has been another successful show.

We're winding down the year here and I really appreciate you guys being on one of my last shows of the year and ever.

I'm stopping.

What?

Scott.

No.

No, no, no.

I'll never stop.

Never, never stop.

Well, that's also an extreme.

No, never.

I'm never going to die.

Whoa.

I've seen so many previous generations come and go and you guys are the worst of them.

Oh, wow.

I didn't know you were immortal.

Yeah, I forgot about that.

I knew, but I forgot.

I'm a Highlander.

Oh, you're a Highlander.

I was going to ask about your mode of immortality.

The best kind of immortal.

It is.

You get a sword and everything.

Yeah.

There's only one of you.

Yeah.

You get to star in that great movie.

Man.

Run through fields and stuff.

Yeah.

Guys, thank you so much.

Have a happy holidays.

Thank you.

I said that with a D-A-Z-E.

And also with you.

Let's get high.

Thank you, Jesus Christ.

Yeah.

See you next week.

Invite him into your heart.

And get high with him.

This has been an Earwulf Media Production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwulf.com.

Earwulfradio.com.

The world's dead.
