---
layout: page
title: 138. Andy Richter,Paul F. Tompkins [10783⧸21022].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

First one of the new year, you know him from The Conan Show. Andy Richter is here, all show, as well as one of our old friends from last year. He'll be joining us a little later on the show.

All of that and more, all on today's first of the year.

In case of emergency, break dance? Hey, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Great catchphrase omission.

That is from Sean Jackson, Sean.Jackson. Hey, welcome to the show. It's Comedy Bang Bang 2012.

Hey, welcome to the show. My name is... Johnny. Is Donnie. Johnny. Johnny. Donnie Johnny. Yeah, welcome to the show. This is Donnie, of course, and... And me, Johnny. Donnie and Johnny, once again. 2012's best pair. I got 2012's best pair. One of your balls in your butthole.

And I just Mr. Belvedere-ed him. Ouch. Oh, LOL. I'm joking. Doug Benson used to do an impression of Mr. Belvedere sitting on his own balls, which was, oh. Welcome to the show. We're loopy. It's January 2, the beginning of the year. Fantastic job. We did it. Yes. The world didn't explode.

It didn't, as far as we know. And I'm gonna compose myself here for a second. I'm gonna introduce our guest, and then he's gonna go on a monologue. Please welcome... You know him from The Conan Show currently, and Andy Richter controls the universe, and Andy Richter has...

Not so currently. Yeah, Andy Richter has quintuplets.

Please welcome Andy Richter. Hello, everyone. Thank you. You'll put an applause later. Good.

Every podcast listener applauds in his or her own way, to his or her own degree.

By slapping two hot pocket sleeves together. Is that a euphemism?

I hope so. Pretty sexy. Hey, buddy. Welcome to the show.

Thank you. How are you? I'm fantastic. It's been a great year so far.

It has good. Well, yeah. How was the last one, though?

Last one was fantastic. I could not ask for a better year.

What'd you get for Christmas? Well...

Do you celebrate the birth of baby Jesus? I do. I love that birth baby, birth baby birth.

I got a rock in my stocking. Oh, that sounds like an awesome like warrant tune. I got a rock, I got a rock in my stocking. I got a rock in my stocking.

Yeah. Oh, it turned a little bluesy there. Yeah, yeah, it did. It turned into a ladies number.

In my stocking. Like one for the ladies, yeah.

Like a Christina Aguilera, Lady Marmalade. No, you know how every metal band has one for the ladies, like the slow ballad. Yeah, the warrant, or sweet home, sweet home.

That's not warrant. Who is that? That's Motley Crue.

Yeah, yeah. I'm on my way. Dingle, dingle, dingle, dingle.

I wish I could... I'm not gonna think of... I can't think of it right now, but there's one that...

Because I work at Warner Brothers and I go to the gym there and they always play...

You look great, by the way. Thank you. Oh, boy, it's working wonders.

They always play the satellite radio, Boneyard. What is that?

It's a metal channel. Oh. But it seems like every sixth song, they play one of the like... Grooving from slower ones.

You know, like the ones for the ladies. I can't think...
