You've seen him on television, from shows like The Ben Stiller Show and his own show, Mr. Show, to now Breaking Bad on AMC. Bob Odenkirk is here in the building. We're going to be talking to him all show. He has some special announcements, some bombshells he wants to drop, and I have one of my own. How often do I get to drop a bombshell? Well, you'll hear all of those supposed bombshells here on the show, all of that and more, all on today's...

What's your whistle? Sleep with silly string on your nostrils. Sunsets. Sleep with silly string on your nostrils. Rise over the hills. Sunsets. Enunciate. Enunciate your enunciations. That was you. You sounded great. I sounded terrible. You'll get there. Enunciate enunciations in the nation of the Way... The nation of the Waytion. Waytion, yes, of course. If we cook one of these up, Scott, we can make a lot of money off the actors warming up. You know how many actors there are in the world, and you know they give royalties to every single one. They're warm-up exercises. Oh my god, people have made billions off that. Seashells, seashells. That guy owns, I heard he owns like three islands.

Yeah. Seashells, dude. And not just islands like, you know, Japan or... No. No, I mean we're talking like... Real islands. Yeah, real. Australia. Yeah. But you know that Francis Scott Key, he makes a million dollars every time anyone has a baseball game because of all those people singing the Star Spangled Banner. Right, right. They all have to pitch in. That's part of their ticket price.

And that's why he wrote it. You know that guy was... That son of a bitch. Lighting up with dollar signs. Like both of his eyeballs, one at a time. Like the minute he was like... He knew exactly what he was doing. He was like, oh, say can you cha-ching? Yeah. How about that Gandhi with the star... Oh my god, the minute he thought of the hunger striking. He had money in the pocket, man.

He knew it. The day he like passed on the first plate of food, he was like, this is gonna work out. My ticket to the top. My tea to the tea. I am gonna be so rich and hungry. Yeah, he was amazing.

He was amazing. Well, welcome to the show. You know, I never gave one of my catchphrases, by the way. Please. No one clam should have all that chowder. That's a catchphrase, right? What do you... To start with the show. People send me catchphrases and I... No one clam should have all that chowder. That makes sort of sense. Clams don't eat chowder. What if they did though? That's one of those weird things. Cannibalistic clams. Where you see the chicken eating at the chicken restaurant and on the sign. Hungry chicken. Yeah, hungry for himself. Maybe he's eating his own body.

You ever thought about that? Yeah. Hey Lemmy, welcome to the show. My name of course is the world famous Scottabot and aka the Comanche, by the way. And this is Comedy Bang Bang and...

Are we on the CB radio? His podcasting turned into CB. That's right. Head on over to the dirty side. You know the Comanche, I'm on channel 42, head in the east on I-5. What are you talking about with the Comanche? Who gave you that fake nickname? That's my nickname, Bob. You know that better than anyone. You gave it to me, Dad. Never was your nickname. By the way, I haven't introduced you, Bob. Bob Odenkirk is here. Just don't call me many fake names. AKA the N-rap-o. I was gonna say something else that started with N. Now this is Comedy Bang Bang and this is my guest Bob Odenkirk is sitting across the table from me. Well now you know where you are. The audience knew. They already knew. We're fine with it. And it's a very special show, Bob. We're not getting into that.

Keep getting yourself orientated. You know, because first of all, the reason I wanted to have you on this show is because... True or false? Oh, false. I'm sorry. Oh, no. Okay. I definitely... No, true or false, you are directly responsible for me having a career in show business.

I don't know. I think you chose to do it before I gave you a job. That's true, but you gave me a job. I probably gave you a pretty big job that gave you a lot of opportunities. A lot of things. Experiences and possibly some credibility and then you spun that into gold.

Like Rumpelstiltskin spinning bullshit into gold. I mean, you know, sure. Yeah, so you're directly responsible. Okay. So I'm to be blamed? You are to be blamed. And before we continue too far on the show, I got the go ahead that we could talk about this on this particular show, which is great that you're here with me because where credit is due, I would not have a career. But we got the go ahead and it was announced on Friday, I believe, or late last week that Comedy Bang Bang, if you haven't heard the news, Comedy Bang Bang will now be a TV show. What? On IFC. Fantastic. So it'll be coming out this summer. We've been working on it for a couple of months. I've had to toil in secret on it. I haven't been able to talk about it until now, but now it's out there. Wow. And yeah, we made a pilot last June and now we're doing a lot of episodes and we've been working on it for a few months. That's fantastic. Congratulations, Scott. Thank you so much. It's the real deal, folks. Now I did a little spot on the pilot. You did. And I hope that you'll be in the other episode. I will definitely do it. And so it's going to be on IFC. And can you talk about the show a little bit about what I can talk about some of the segments and things and like what the nature of it is? I can talk about the nature of it more than specific segments, but what trees would be in it and what birds. Yeah, exactly. The conifers. But I can talk about the type of show it'll be.

Fans of this show will not be disappointed. I think it'll have a lot of the hallmarks of this show. Set the bar a little higher than that. You son of a bitch. You won't be angry at your TV.

No, I think that people who like this show will like that show and then it'll also attract some new viewers as well. I think it's perhaps a little more. But between you and me, the new viewers are going to like it more. But it's maybe more visual than this show. Well, it'd have to be more visual than this show, which is... I hope. We're at 0% visibility right now. But yeah, so look for that.

I'm very excited about it. I've been brimming. Well, talk about it. It's going to have a little...

Can you talk about how it's going to have sort of an interview type style, but also a carefree kind of riffing improv... I shouldn't have said that word. That's direct from the press release.

Improvisational aspect, but at the same time, a bit of a structured comic.

It's like you're reading my mind. Structure. And also as well, a bit of a sketch-like...

A sketch... It's kind of a hybrid show where it'll be... Skitcherview is what we call it.

Skitcherview program. I actually talked to some of your writers and they mentioned the David Letterman morning show. Yeah, that's a big influence. Yeah, definitely. A lot of people don't know what that was like or even that it was even on. Yeah, he had a morning show before he had a late night show. Yeah, I think seven weeks, maybe. I can't recall, but it was canceled very, very soon. Well, I can't wait to see it, Scott. I'm very happy for you. Thank you so much. I've really been wanting to tell people about it and I've actually been recording these shows while I'm working for the past... Since November, I've been recording these in my spare time while I've been working on the other show and that'll continue on for a few more months. But yeah, very excited about it, but I wanted to tell everyone. So get IFC. If you don't have IFC yet, contact, I don't know, contact... Your parents. Your parents. I assume everyone listening to this is around 13 years old. Tell them to get IFC already. Come on, Dad, get IFC already. Even if you don't live with them, just call them and whine about your TV. Why are you calling me at work?

Hey, Dad. Come on, man. You don't give me anything. You don't live with me anymore. Come on. I'm supposed to be a father. That's not much of a father. You have kids of your own.

Why don't you be a good grandpa then? For them. Geez. Pathetic.

So anyway, there's the news. Get IFC and now we can continue with the rest of the show.

We can get back to our guest, Bob Odenkirk, who's here in front of me.

Congratulations. It's really exciting. I mean, when you start shooting them, when?

Next week? Very soon. Yeah, in a few weeks, a couple of weeks.

Okay, good. And we've already shot one, but yeah, we're shooting most of it.

Are you going to reshoot it? Just little parts, but...

Okay. More urine? Yeah, anything you did. This is a weird way to tell you, but you know that 30 seconds you're in it. Yeah. Snip, snip. Snip, snip. No, actually, we're going to reshoot it, but with someone else. Yeah, with the...

Everything works. With the Avatar Blue people.

Everything worked, except one thing. So Bob, how are you? Tell me what's been going on. If you don't know who Bob is, by the way, he's the guy yawning into the microphone right now. He... Mr. Show, okay? It didn't start there, but it came to fruition there.

You can't argue that. I think so, in a lot of ways, yeah.

You know? So that's where you became a legend. Before then, you were merely someone...

I was a myth. And then they actually photographed you for your own show. There were blurry photographs of you on the Larry Sanders show.

They stole my soul and put it on tape. Yeah, I mean, people either know who I am or they don't know who I am. If they don't know who I am, they're not listening to this podcast.

I would say some people... Because they're listening to Peoleen.

I would say some people who watch Breaking Bad maybe don't know that you're a comedian.

Yes, right. On the show Breaking Bad, which is a drama. I call it a dramedy or a thrillomedy.

Well, it's a suspense show, so it's a drama-spence. It's like a mystery show.

Sus-ma... Sus-rama. Every show, they figure out who's making the drugs, and at the end, you find out who's making the drugs. It's like Alfred Hitchcock.

Every single week, yes. And yeah, so on that, I play...

Lenny. Sleazy Lawyer.

What's his name? Lenny? Who is it?

Saul Goodman. Saul Goodman.

That's not his real name, but that's the name he took to be a lawyer.

Oh, really? Is that a little secret? Yeah, it's a fake name, yeah.

Oh, I had no idea. Is that alluded to in one of the episodes?

Yes, in the first episode. The first time I'm on the...

I say I'm not Jewish. I just took that name to impress the homeboys.

Do you know your actual name on the show? Did they let you in on your real name?

Yes, they did. I can't remember it. He's Irish, though.

Wow. The funny thing is, when they offered me the role on the phone, I was talking to Vince, and he goes, Saul Goodman, and he's the lawyer, and I go, okay. I go, you know, I'm not Jewish.

And Vince goes, yeah, yeah, he's not Jewish either. He's Irish.

I go, okay, I'm half Irish, so that's good. That'll work.

Describe that phone call. You're sitting there in your...

Well, first I got a call from my agent, and he goes, okay, they're gonna offer you a role, and I'm telling you right now, you should take it, because it's gonna be really good, and this is the kind of role people win Emmys for.

And I go, really? Wow. And he says, I'm breaking bad. And I hadn't seen it. It was the second season, but the first season was abbreviated because of the writer's strike.

It was like six episodes or something, right?

Six episodes. So it was very short, and it even was kind of cut short of what it was even gonna be, and abrupt, and it didn't sort of live on TV very long enough for people to...

Easy to miss.

Yeah, very easy to miss. But I'd seen the billboards up and stuff, and the second season had not begun showing, but they were making...

We call it airing, but yeah.

Okay, well, I think you're talking about dirty laundry, but this is good.

Wait, Don Henley's dirty laundry? We call that listening.

Okay. All right. Back up.

Back up. So you're at home.

So I'm in the Eagles song, and I'm acting as the clerk of Hotel California.

Anton LaVey up in that bell tower. He's on that one.

Now I'm lost. Is he really?

Well, supposedly.

All right, everyone, please forgive the podcast.

Yeah, we're making obscure references to 70s album covers, 80s songs.

On behalf of podcasting, forgive us. Yeah, so then I get a call from Vince, and he's the creator of Breaking Bad.

Were you dubious at this point of like...

I was dubious all the way until I shot it, that they even wanted me. I'm like, it's a drama. I mean, I thought I could do okay, like I could pull it off.

Then the weird thing was, in comedy, when you get a script, there's rarely like a monologue, or anything more than like three or four lines. Just characters...

Because it's all based on rhythms.

Just characters just don't talk more than three lines at a time.

Right.

And if there is, usually it gets cut back down to two lines. And so I got this script, and there's these monologues, I mean, seven, eight, 10 lines, and in a chunk, and then another chunk. And I'm reading it, and I'm thinking, well, this is a lot, but they're going to have to cut this way down. And of course, I'm kind of looking at it as a comedian, a little bit, like I'm used to reading scripts, and I'm going, essentially my character is just telling him, I don't want to work for you. So in the end, this long thing will just be, listen, buddy, I'm not helping you. Right? You know what I mean? Because that's what you would do with a comedy script. And then I sort of didn't bother to memorize it right away, because I thought they're just going to cut it. These aren't the blue pages.

Oh, no. So you got to say...

Well, I didn't wait that long, no. I shot on a Thursday, and on Friday, I got the blue pages.

And one date was changed. Like a month was changed.

Right.

That's it. I was like, this can't be it.

And you hadn't even started. How long does it take you to learn? I remember on Mr. Show, you were actually a quick study for lines. I would be amazed sometimes that you guys would barely rehearse these scenes, and I would see you and David backstage going, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, like you're going back and forth.

Well, because we wrote it, and a lot of it. And also, Scott, when you're responding to somebody, you know the response. You know what I mean? But when you're doing a monologue of any kind, and it's kind of a list sometimes, or in the case of the character that I do on Breaking Bad, he's oftentimes trying to talk to somebody and convince them of something, and then he sees it's not working, and he switches his tactic.

Right.

So there's almost no response there. I just have to have the mental thought of, go here, go there, go here, go there, to try to win this person over, or get that person to come back.

Or get that person over, or get them to do what I want them to do. So then I just started learning it, and then you get like pink pages and stuff, and again, nothing changed at all from that point on.

But I really liked it. And then the interesting thing was, as I read it, I realized that this monologue wasn't just, hey buddy, I don't want to help you. This monologue was like trying to win somebody over, and then seeing that it's not working, and then trying another thing.

So you had a little subtext, in other words.

Yeah, there's a lot going on in it. Every line was a progression of my effort, the character's effort, to do something. So then that just came from like, okay, now I got to learn all this stuff. So just from studying it, I started to see all this intention in all these lines. And so it was neat, and it's always been that way.

Every time I get the script, you certainly can find in every run or in every scene, it's going in one direction, it goes in another, it's going somewhere. It's not just talk.

Well, didn't your character also start off as sort of comic relief, and now it's still comedic, definitely.

Well, I don't know how those guys perceived it, but yeah, yeah. I mean, he's a funny character, slippery guy, and he's funny too, because he's... I mean, things do change over the seasons.

Sure, the leaves fall.

There is like...

It gets hotter?

That's not what I meant. I don't talk about real seasons. If I use the word seasons, it means TV seasons. Okay.

I'm so sorry, I forgot we're in Hollywood.

All right.

I'm so... I apologize.

Please, when I'm talking to my kids.

Are you ready for the new season?

Seasons, kids, the seasons change. The new shows come on in September.

X Factor leaves, American Idol comes on.

And then there's mid-season, the weather gets warmer.

The shows are generally not as well-focused, but sometimes there can be a winter.

What does the future hold for Saul Goodman, just kind of spoiled and...

I don't know anything. I don't know anything.

You haven't heard anything?

Nothing.

Would you tell us if you did?

You mean like what happens on the show?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I wouldn't tell you.

Really?

No.

Why not?

Well, because it ruined the show.

Oh, come on. No one cares about that.

All right. He stops selling meth and he goes back to teaching high school, and then that's it.

The next two seasons are just learning high school chemistry.

Thank God, because I never finished high school chemistry, and I've been looking for a way to learn it.

The whole point of it, you know that it's a textbook manufacturer.

Created the show.

I've been tricked into learning.

You've been tricked into learning.

The first rap was used to teach you math.

Well, first Dylan songs were taught to teach me poetry.

Right, right. Then you learned how a bill became a law from a jazz guy.

All right, Bob. Well, you're here.

You're fired.

You're fired, and we're going to take a break now, but you're ready to talk about...

I'm going to talk about what's coming up.

I'm going to tell everybody a little something about what I'm doing, David and I are doing, and a secret surprise that has nothing to do with me.

Wow. I cannot wait for that, because you know a lot about the comedy world, and you know about what's going on.

I guess so.

You're like jacked in, you know what I mean?

I guess so.

Like Johnny Mnemonic.

I am.

All right, so we're going to hear from that.

Let's take a tiny little break, and when we come back, we'll have more Bob Odenkirk hits, Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm glad you hurt your hand. I'm glad you hurt your hand.

Stop it!

I'm glad you hurt your hand, and I'm glad you hurt your hand.

Leave me alone!

I'm glad you hurt your hand.

Stop it!

I'm glad you hurt your hand.

Stop it!

I'm singing in this band.

I hate you.

Because you hurt your hand.

Bob!

I'm glad you hurt your hand.

My hand really hurts.

I'm singing in this band.

Stop it!

I'm glad you hurt your hand.

Stop it!

I'm glad you hurt your hand.

You idiot!

I'm singing in a band.

Yuck!

Stop it!

I'm singing in a band, because you hurt your hand.

Dirk, dirk, dirk, dirk, dirk.

Stop it!

Deedee, deedee, deedee, dirk.

Stop it!

Dirk, dirk, dirk, dirk, dirk.

Stop it!

I'm singing in this band, because you hurt your hand.

I hate you.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back with Bob Odenkirk from Breaking Bad, from The Larry Sanders Show, from The Ben Stiller Show, from Mr. Show, I mean, from How I Met Your Mother, from, come on, bring your IMDB page up for me.

This podcast.

From this podcast, of course.

It's a future podcast.

What are future podcasts going to be like?

Oh, who can, they're not going to be audio.

No.

Or video.

No.

They're just going to be implanted in you.

They're someone who's going to tickle you, you know, right out of your computer.

Right.

You know what I mean?

Just reach out and grab you by the nuts.

That may be the only time I've ever heard you.

What are you doing?

I'm enjoying a podcast.

It looks like your nuts are getting fondled.

Why are you wincing?

Bob, I've always wanted to ask you a question, and it's, and we were talking a little bit about acting, and I've just always.

There are four steps to acting.

What?

Keep going.

It's okay.

I've got, I'm working on my presentation at the Inside the Actors Studio.

Oh, well, first of all, I've always wanted to ask, what's your favorite curse word?

Well, God damn it.

Of course, the patented Bob.

God damn it.

It's my catchphrase.

It is, if you had one catchphrase, I think it would be God damn it.

Yeah.

Well, no, I do want to ask you a very serious question about what caused you to want to be an artist.

You know, I'm fascinated by the mechanics.

Well, the first time I ever saw art was Ron Wood's paintings, and then I saw Tony Bennett's drawings.

Yeah, he's great.

And these are the great artists.

Yeah.

What do you mean, an artist?

Well, no, I just, you know what I mean?

I fool around for a living.

But come on, behind every clown, there is a shadow of pain.

And that's what I like to get into on this podcast, is I want to figure out exactly what is the pain that shaped you?

You know, can we talk about that just a little bit?

Are you serious, Scott?

I'm very serious.

Do you seriously want to talk about serious stuff?

Let's talk about it.

People don't want to hear that.

They do.

People want to know what...

They don't want to hear it.

My family was very funny.

A lot of Chicagoans and Midwesterners are funny in this way.

They're, like, very cynical people.

What the heck?

Hold on a second.

Who's that?

Hold on a second.

Right when I'm getting serious, dude, you ask...

Come in.

Open door policy.

Really kind of rude.

Come on.

Hi, Scott.

Can I come in?

Hey.

We're kind of...

Hi.

We're talking about an actor's pain.

Oh.

Okay.

We're doing your show?

Yeah, we're recording your show.

I'm so sorry.

We're in the actor's pain part of the show.

Okay.

I just want to let you know your check cleared and you're good to stay, you know, this month.

And that just for the whole...

You can just keep on staying here.

Yeah.

I'm sorry, Bob.

This is our landlord.

Oh, I'm very sorry.

Paul Luzak.

Hi, Paul.

Hi.

How are you?

So good to meet you.

Paul.

So good to meet you.

I know that when I give you the check, I can keep staying here.

That agreement is sort of implicit.

Okay.

Well, I did want to bring up one thing.

One thing.

I'm sorry.

Sorry, Bob.

That's all right.

Are you okay?

No, no, no, no.

Can we put a pin in your actor's pain?

Yeah, I'll just wait.

That's okay.

I'll...

Can I ease into this chair here?

I really wish you wouldn't sit down.

I mean, if...

It'll be easier.

I don't want you to crane your neck around.

So, I'll just sit right here.

Right across from you.

Okay.

You could stand.

No, no.

I don't want you...

It's not really craning my neck to look slightly up.

Yeah.

You can't...I'm behind you and you can't see me, so...

Well, that is a good point.

So, let me come over here.

All right.

And...okay.

Yeah, that was a little weird.

Check.

Mic check.

Oh, mic check.

Mic check.

I gave you the check.

Oh, no.

We're already having a great time.

You're gonna cut this out, right?

I would.

I wouldn't.

You don't have to...

I don't want to give...

I don't want to tell a baker how to make a pie, but I wouldn't.

You're putting the headphones on.

Why are you doing that?

Because I don't want to be able to hear the tonal quality of what I'm giving here.

I'm just kind of coming in and letting you know that there are some changes going on here.

In the building changes?

We're doing some feng shui renovations.

My wife is really into feng shui.

And what we need to do with your studio, okay, is we're gonna have to kind of paste it with gold leaf.

Okay?

With the...

Gold leaf.

With the walls?

Yeah.

With the walls.

And we can't have any recording equipment in here.

While you put it in?

No.

Just ever?

Permanently.

Paul, that's gonna be...

That's gonna crimp in his efforts to record people.

I guess.

I have one slight, tiny little problem with what you're saying.

Maybe you're not hearing it, but if I could point it out for you, it's the very last thing you said where...

The very end of your sentence where you said, you're okay with the gold leaf.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

That's fine.

I can see Scott's actually kind of interested in that.

Yeah, no, my wife is Asian.

I get it.

Oh, okay.

So she probably understands.

This is the year of the water dragon.

Yeah.

So he's raining down on everybody.

No, no, no.

We...

You need a metal...

You need a source of metal in the center point of your money-making house, okay?

No, I get all that.

I get all that.

But let me back up just really briefly, and I think, Bob, you heard this too, am I right?

I did hear it, and it's a real problem.

Obviously, to me, it's obvious.

Well, to you, it's a problem.

Scott records his show and uses it to broadcast, so if he...

This isn't a radio program.

No, it's recorded and then put out on the intranets.

Oh.

But if you do this thing that you're talking about doing...

Which I'm...

I think we have to.

I've already bought the gold leaf, and I've got Mr. Yao on it.

Right.

But why can you not record even with gold leaf forever?

I'm not clear with the ins and outs and intricacies of it.

Right.

I just know that they're...

I'm sorry.

Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, it's my wife.

Oh my God.

My wife.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

All right.

What a lot of work.

Go ahead.

I'm a big Forret fan too.

My wife.

She does the same thing, right?

She does the same thing, yeah.

Well, I'm just kind of letting her take the reins.

You guys are married, right?

Yeah.

You know what the old ball and chain will tell you what to do.

You are married.

But I understand why you can't record.

That's my issue, because...

What we're doing now, I guess what you guys are doing right now is you're capturing someone's soul utterance, trapping it, and then only releasing it when you choose, okay?

Right.

Huh.

But we do release it though.

We usually tape the show a few days in advance, and I guess if you thought we were trapping someone's soul, it's only for a couple of days.

Okay.

I think there is a workaround for this one.

Oh, thank God.

Because frankly, Paul, if there were no work around, and Bob, maybe you can back me up on this.

I don't know if you can or not, but as far as I'm concerned, I would have to move out of the building.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Wouldn't you agree, Bob?

I mean...

Definitely.

I don't want that to happen because you are the only one in this building that does things with microphones, and we want to sort of showcase all sorts of talent here.

Who else is in the building here?

I've never actually figured out who...

There's a dog grooming business down in the basement.

There's a...

There's a child's dentist.

Oh, yeah.

There's a child...

I'm sorry.

A child dentist.

Yeah.

I've seen him.

I really wonder...

He's a little kid, but how did he get through school so...

And not only that, but how is he not constantly tripping over that long coat?

Yeah.

It's adorable.

Don't get me wrong.

You know what?

I think that's all he does is pose for pictures in there, funny greeting cards and stuff.

It actually might be a greeting card business.

Yeah, you're right.

He actually does dental work on kids his age.

Legally, he can't do anyone.

Oh, about 18.

Well, kids like that.

I suppose kids probably like that.

Yeah.

Works for them.

I can't vouch for how well he does, because he does have the photo studio aspects set up where he can do the pictures and stuff.

Well, the great thing about him is not only do you get your teeth done, but you get a picture of your teeth as you come out.

A lot of dentists, you just get a sucker or something.

You know, the other thing is after he treats a patient, he gets a sucker too.

Yeah.

That's true.

Some might say he's taking all the suckers for himself.

Well, what's fun is his mom takes all the kids out for a slurpee afterwards, no matter what.

No matter what.

There's kind of a weird lag time between him going to get a slurpee, coming back, working on the next patient, going out for the slurpee, coming back.

Luckily, he charges astronomical fees.

Ridiculous.

Yeah.

Childish.

Childish is what he rates himself as.

But I think for me- What else do you have in this building?

Yeah, who else is here?

Oh, gosh.

We've got, I don't want to say they're doing pornography, but they do erotic charcoal renderings.

Okay.

They're called black boners, I think.

And I think that's because they'd use charcoal, so it's sort of like a- They're maybe trying to depict white boners, but the nature of the medium.

Where do they sell these?

At art fairs?

No, they are a buy appointment only business.

So it's viewings.

It's much like the Norton Simon Museum, where you're going.

Well, they're more like a photo studio.

You go in and you get your erotic charcoal rendering done right there in-house.

Oh, of your own boners.

So it's not boners of other people.

Oh, no.

These are boner portraits, boning portraits.

Bony.

Oh, my gosh.

So this is what the very heavyset gentleman who was describing the business to me told me about it.

At first, he lied.

He said that they were just doing art classes.

Oh, right.

But then, I mean, the name of the business itself, Black Boners, that- I never, I did not know it, boners.

They spelled it with a Z, so I didn't know what it was.

But it is out on the directory downstairs- I know, but again, boners with a Z, I would never have made that connection.

You guys have the Everything and More store downstairs.

I went in with a huge list of things I needed.

They had nothing I needed.

What do you mean?

It's so weird.

Isn't it always the way?

How is that possible?

It's right on the title.

I know.

They have Yo-Yos and Windex.

Oh, brother.

Those are the only two things they had?

Yeah, the guy says they just get stuff that's like castaway stuff, shipments.

If a truck breaks down and everything goes bad on it, that store gets it.

You got some spoiled Yo-Yos?

I said, what's the Everything and More?

I went the other way on that.

Yeah.

If you get a rancid Yo-Yo, it's not going to work.

I said, what's the Everything and More aspect of this?

I said, this is just a bad name, and it's like a comedy sketch.

He said, it's not that funny.

If you tried it, you'd see.

They're not funny.

They're very sad.

Do you know you do comedy sketches?

Oh, yeah.

Was he encouraging you to- Oh, yeah.

I had actually gone in there with one of my pamphlets.

I was pamphleting the neighborhood.

Are you looking for a space to teach one of your joke seminars?

Yeah, I am.

I'm actually looking for a joke first, and then I'll do the seminar.

Oh, do you do it per joke, seminar per joke?

When I have a joke, I'm going to definitely do a seminar on it.

Great.

Have you ever considered looking one up on the internet?

I have, actually, but you have to pay for anything off the internet.

None of it's free.

Yeah, we talked about that earlier in the show.

You have to pay for everything.

Well, that's the thing.

What's the deal here?

Are you seriously saying he has to take out all the equipment?

What are you going to do, Scott?

I don't want to criticize how you do your radio show here.

I wish you wouldn't.

I'm not going to, but I will give you some feedback.

I think a lot of times you kind of go off topic.

I think you kind of go off the focus.

I'll let you know.

I don't know what you mean.

I mean, we do a pretty straightforward interview show here.

We have a guest on at the top, and we first do some chit chat, and then we talk about actor's pain, usually in the second segment.

I don't know exactly what you're talking about.

Well, I guess I'll cut to the chase here.

I'll let you stay if I can be a guest on your show.

Whoa, wait a minute.

You know what I mean?

Like, what's happening right now?

This kind of new energy and things.

I'm going to say something, Scott.

I wish you would.

We hear a lot of people talk in show business, and a lot of them are actors.

Some of them are comedians.

Some are writers and directors.

Directors, yeah, I was going to say directors.

No, you don't get to hear talk landlords.

No.

And we, I'm going to tell you something.

We live a life- Do you live in the little room at the bottom of the elevator?

Or is that just you?

Behind the little room.

You go- You're kidding.

I've noticed there's a trap door in that elevator.

I've always wondered what it's for.

That's how I take out the garbage.

I come up through the elevator, and then I come- There's also a lot of garbage in the elevator.

I've been meaning to talk to you about it.

I know.

Well, the hole is not big enough for me to get a lot of my garbage through.

Sometimes it spills out, and the bags rip.

I'm only supposed to come out a certain amount of time during the day.

Well, I don't know.

Bob, I feel bad because we were in the midst of talking about your family and some stuff that was very personal to you.

Are you interested in Paul?

I'm really curious about landlords and what they do, and how they're different from janitors.

Can I just- I'd like to say one thing to you, sir.

They're not the same thing.

Landlords and janitors are not the same thing.

Not at all.

I mean, a janitor's like, what joke?

A joke.

Well, a janitor is a dirty person who cleans up other people's dirty droppings.

It might as well be a crap shovel, in my opinion.

Right.

And I am no crap shovel.

Landlord is an owner, and oftentimes, if something's broken, he'll come by with the wrong tools and try to fix it and make it worse.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's true.

Is that something that you're known to do?

Well, I'll tell you, that's a great observation as to how the landlord business works.

You always want to create demand.

You always want to keep them hungry, keep them eating something.

You're always complaining about that leak.

Yeah.

I mean, quite frankly, it's interrupting our podcasts here sometimes.

And I'll give you a little more...

It's septic.

It's a septic leak.

Oh, Paul.

Well, you know, if I'm not around to fix it, what are you going to do?

So I got you on the chain.

Why can't you be a little more available to fix stuff like that?

I mean, now we're just getting into gripes.

Oh, well, I mean, this is the bread and butter of my work, you know, listening to a building full of adults and children, child, complaining about the situation that they're paying money for.

It's not a...

How did you become a landlord?

I've always wondered why, you know, you hear terms like landlord, slumlord, you know, bandied about like that.

Dick Weeden.

You hear that a lot.

I've gotten that one a lot.

When you're a child, yeah.

What...

When you're a little child, do you imagine, oh, I'm going to own a building or I'm going to run, be the property manager of a building?

I'm not sure exactly.

Do you own this building?

Well, I...

It's complicated.

I can tell.

I was the landlord.

It's a lot like Meryl Streep and Alec Baldwin.

It's complicated.

He doesn't want to go into it and I don't blame him, but I'm curious now.

Yeah.

Now you piqued my curiosity with that harumph.

Okay.

So now we're making good radio.

Do you own it or do you just work in it?

Because man, I'll tell you, if you're just the janitor, own up, fess up.

I'm the former landlord.

What?

Oh my God.

Intrigued.

Hold on.

I am the former landlord.

We'll be back after this.

Oh, don't.

Not right now.

We got it.

We got to keep rolling.

This is gold.

That is a cliffhanger if I ever heard one.

I'm the former landlord.

Keep going.

Okay.

And I'm on Breaking Bad, but that's a series right there.

Now, are you?

I thought you were on Royal Pain.

Just keep going.

I thought he was the fellow from Royal Pain.

You're mixing up the RX.

That's a pharmacy.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Those shows are very interchangeable.

I used to be the landlord.

Finish that sentence.

Please.

Okay.

I used to own this building and I was married to another woman.

Oh my God.

Another, as opposed to- Not Jeanette.

You weren't married.

You hadn't married.

I thought you were saying you weren't married to the building.

No, no.

Oh God.

What is this?

Some kind of alternate universe?

No, no, no.

That's not what I mean.

No wonder you do comedy.

No, go.

That would be a show.

I was married to another lady and she owned the building and she let me be the landlord here.

Okay.

She let me be the landlord.

Play.

I was not playing the landlord.

I was the landlord, okay?

At that time, I was the landlord.

I wasn't playing.

Right.

I'm sorry.

Okay.

I am totally on board with this premise at this point.

It's not a premise.

This is my life, you jackass.

I mean, that's what I call lives.

Oh, okay.

I want to figure this out.

I'm trying to put the pieces together.

This is the kind of landlord stuff I deal with every day.

This is our world, you know?

Way more intriguing than anyone would see on the surface.

Keep going.

Okay.

All right.

So she owned the building.

You and her split up.

Now you're with a new woman, but how'd you come back here?

LaShonda lets me, as you said, play landlord.

So I get to keep playing landlord here.

But you're not the real landlord?

No.

The real landlord lives in Palm Spring and he is a gay man.

Okay.

That's the biggest cliffhanger of all.

Okay.

Do you see how deep this goes?

We'll be back after these messages.

Do you see how deep this goes?

The conspiracy?

Of course.

Sure.

So I'm here- Are you saying that nothing is what it seems?

Oh, boy.

You think that that septic leak is just happening?

I'm making that happen.

Okay.

Wait a minute.

So you're actually destroying the building in LaShonda?

I have to create a job for myself, Scott.

This is insane.

Okay.

Otherwise, I'm a man without a cock.

Okay?

You understand what I'm saying?

Metaphorically, right?

Yeah.

Wait.

Do you actually not have- What?

Genitalia?

This is a cliffhanger.

What?

We are cliffhanger upon cliffhanger.

This is like a season finale.

Yes.

I feel like we should take a three-month break after this.

No.

I mean, these kinds of accidents happen to people a lot of times.

What happened?

Okay.

You guys do a lot of welding, right?

Oh.

I mean, my share.

Sure.

Yeah.

And I got to do welding around here.

Yeah.

You know, you get distracted.

You're wearing sort of loose-fitting biking pants, and next thing you know- Whoops goes the soldering iron.

Yeah.

Well, here's the thing about it.

It's not gone.

It's just different at this point, okay?

It's kind of fused to the side of my leg.

And I've heard this about him, and that's why I brought it up.

But from what I hear, it's a lot like- That explains the toilets we have in the building, why they're specially shaped.

It's a lot like when you're making a grilled cheese sandwich, and the cheese escapes out into the frying pan and just kind of like melts there on the frying pan.

I've heard that's a lot like what we're talking about.

Yeah.

Eee.

So that's kind of- That's not a...

So I don't want to...

I mean, this is a fun radio show.

You don't want to talk about it on the radio.

Yeah.

I don't want to bring down the mood.

It's an awful lot to chew on- Yeah, I know.

If you'll pardon the phrase.

The wonderful pun.

Phraseology.

How is that a pun on my misshapen penis?

I'm saying, I don't want to chew on your penis, but that's a lot to chew on right there.

I know.

And that is- And I just want to say, you're a brave, brave man- Well, I appreciate that.

To wander around pretending to be a landlord.

I know.

And creating havoc so that you have a job, and then admitting on live with microphones that you- That's the title of the show, Life with Microphones.

Terrible mistake with your soldering iron and your- Well, I just want to thank you for recapping everything that I've said thus far.

You're welcome.

Yeah.

And basically summarizing what's happened- In this episode.

With me on the radio.

Yeah.

In this episode.

Yeah.

So- What can we look for in further episodes?

Oh, gosh.

I don't know.

What's going to happen to you?

This is just my life.

Yeah, what do you think the future holds for you?

Well, I mean- I saw a couple of people in a van watching you enter this building.

Wait a minute.

I wasn't going to say anything because I didn't think you were an interesting person.

Okay, Bob.

Hold on.

Are you- Now I'm finding out differently and I- Are you fucking with us right now?

I feel like you're judging me a little bit.

He was outside and there was a van very slowly driving down the street watching him.

It seemed to me watching him.

Hold on.

How did- And then when he went in, it screeched to a halt and a pair of binoculars came sticking out.

I heard the screech from up here.

I was waiting for you to arrive.

Right.

I heard a big screeching.

I saw when I came in, you had a look in your eyes like you heard a screech.

Did you hear that screech?

We, in fact, had that conversation about it.

I don't know if you remember.

I was like, did you hear a screech?

You were eating a donut like you just heard something screeching.

Yeah.

There was just jelly all over my face like it erupted when I heard that screech.

I didn't want to think poorly of the guys driving the van.

No one ever wants to think poorly of another human being.

Nobody wants to screech, right?

And then I saw you later when we were doing our interview and I thought, that's the guy who's being followed by the FBI.

And I'm not saying those guys were definitely the FBI, but the side of the van said could be the FBI.

Was it friendly business interview service?

I wish I could say that, but it was not that.

This could be very, very involving.

This is going deeper than even I thought it could go.

I knew the truth was out there, but I had no idea how deep this could go.

All right.

It's out there now.

I guess it's out there now.

I might as well say what...

Please do, because I need some answers.

Are we talking about the elephant in the room at this point?

Of course.

UFOs.

No.

Gosh.

You're a child.

Which was really easy.

You realize that.

You realize that when you say that.

You're a child.

You think that it's just UFOs.

Nope.

Down in the sub-basement of this building, okay.

Where most of the trash is.

Where the majority of the trash is, okay.

I have amassed a huge collection of erotic assassination tapes, okay.

Well, hold on.

I know.

Bob, you're...

Sadat?

Sadat.

Like...

When I say erotic assassination tapes, when you are shot, you get an erection.

Okay.

No, we all know that.

Yeah.

I don't have to explain that to you.

When you get into a car accident, you take a poopy.

Sure.

Yeah.

But anytime you're shot...

It depends on where you're shot, right?

It depends on where you're shot.

Because if you're shot in one of your extremities, nothing happens.

Yeah.

Nothing, because it's blown to bits.

But you have to be shot right in the center of the forehead.

And then...

Boing, boing, boing, boing.

Doingle.

It's the same.

Wait, you say doingle?

Yeah, it's doingle.

I've been saying boing, boing, boing, boing.

No, it's doingle.

I don't think that's been more...

Bob, do you have some sort of sound effect for when you get an erection?

Doingle.

Yeah.

See?

He knows.

I'm outnumbered.

If he can recognize an FBI van, he knows his language.

I got it from a kid's book.

Oh, really?

All right.

So yeah, but...

So yeah, I have this.

I mean, it was a hobby, you know, something to start off.

I'm not guilty.

I'm not saying I'm guilty, but they don't like, you know, for me to have these things.

So is this everyone from JFK to like...

Oh yeah.

Oh yeah, JFK.

So Jackie was climbing over...

She was trying to get on him.

She was like, this is too good to miss.

That's my assumption.

This is really intriguing and it's very sidetracking.

I understand.

I recognize that.

But in some ways, it's probably more interesting.

It's historical and it's factual.

Well, people are learning about history right now.

And it's erotic.

People are learning who Sadat is.

Yeah, and it's erotic.

Yeah.

I will be...

He's got everything.

The top three things.

I'm not sure if I have...

Well, what are your top three?

Historic.

Yeah.

Informational.

Got it.

And erotic.

Erotic.

Yeah.

That would be...

The top three things anyone looks for in a comedy or just a conversation.

Really?

Any type of entertainment.

I feel like we're getting some of your seminar right now.

You're letting that slip out.

Just a little taste of it.

I think Christopher Hitchens' ghost is hanging out in here.

Wow.

Guiding us along.

Oh my goodness.

Do you have Christopher Hitchens' erotic assassination?

He wasn't assassinated.

You don't think he was?

Oh, come on, man.

Okay, you're right.

Now he's being nice.

Yeah.

You need to wake up and smell reality.

Come on, man.

Come on.

All right.

Please.

A guy like that doesn't speak the truth like he speaks without, you know.

Yeah.

You know what I'm saying?

Getting shot.

Yeah.

Shot in the head and getting a boner.

Yeah.

I should have continued.

I'm sorry.

Without getting a death-wielding boner shot.

Right.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, why don't we take a break?

I'm fascinated by you.

I'd actually love for you to stick around.

Well, see, that's the thing.

I wanted to sit down at this mic because there's so much more to people who aren't on television than you guys think.

Yeah.

That's the thing.

We all think actors are really interesting.

Yeah.

You know, like Bob Odenkirk.

Fascinating.

You told some relatively interesting stories.

Yeah.

I'm a fascinating person.

You told a fun story about you.

It was okay.

You got a couple of phone calls saying, hey, we're going to make you even richer and give you even more money to be on TV.

It was fascinating.

Well, yeah.

I don't know.

I was let down when you were sort of saying that you were like, ah, they're just going to cut this down to two words and I'll just yakadoo through it, you know?

You were listening to the show?

Oh, yeah.

I piped it into my room downstairs.

Oh, this is getting weird.

Okay.

Well, I'll tell you what.

Let's take a break.

We'll come back.

We'll talk a little bit more.

We'll play a game.

We'll be right back with Bob Odenkirk and Paul.

Yeah.

Maybe you'll find out where the bodies are.

Oh, no.

We don't want...

The erotic bodies.

All right.

We'll be right back.

Well, at this point, they weren't.

All right.

Here we go.

Sorry.

It's time to pass the torch, you're too old to rock, no more rockin' for you We're taking you to a home, but we will sing a song about you And we will make sure that you're very well taken care of You'll tell us secrets that you've learned Wow, your thoughts will mix with ours, and we'll make a good goulash, baby Dio, down and go, you must give your cape and scepter to me And a smaller one for Peggy Go, go, go Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Bob Odenkirk, and Bob, we were in the middle of a...

A bunch of bullcrap What? Okay Wow, you mean me talking about acting?

Yeah Yeah, so that's what you meant Oh, I thought...

Come on Is this guy gonna stick around?

I'm sorry, man Well, I mean, the choice is either you vacate the premise or you just hang out with the Luzak Technically...

By the way, this is Paul Luzak, sorry Paul, you're not even the real landlord, so I don't think you hold any kind of power to kick me out Okay, okay You're playing landlord I am The real guy, as far as I know, is a gay man from...

He's a gay man who lives in Palm Springs No judgment on his lifestyle, but he's not here every day in the face of all the tenants Working with them, giving them everything they need, like I am You're giving us septic water Well, I will fix that if you bring it up I brought it up every single day, I did not even know it was septic when I was bringing it Anyway, this is all in the past Yeah, he's gonna stick around for a little while, because we're almost at the end of the show If that's okay Okay, good, no, it's good Plus, you know, we're gonna do a little game here, which is easier to play with two players if that's possible Let's do it All right, it's time to play a little something called Would You Rather Oh, music Oh, drums You don't have to mention every single part of the music My goodness, it's still going more Is this an orchestra?

It's very long My feedback would be to make that shorter Look, I'm not looking for feedback necessarily Okay, just...

Again, I really wish you... I mean, you asked me to be on the show Well noted Well noted I hope it's noted Okay, still playing, it's... I just...

See, it seems like you're not actually taking the note, though When you say well noted, usually what that means is that I understand what your point is Sure And I'm gonna take that note Okay It seems to me like you've made the note and yet you're continuing to harp and criticize on it No, but I mean, I probably wouldn't if it wasn't still playing It is still playing and it's gonna continue to play until it's over Okay All right, is that gonna be a problem here?

Nope, it's your show Paul, is that gonna be a problem?

Yeah, it is my show You didn't talk about it, Paul It is my show Okay Okay, oh good, it's done Let's do this All right, here we go Time to play Would You Rather Pop this guy, you know what I mean?

I know, but he's not from showbiz That's true, we have to make exceptions That's the good part That's the good thing That's the good thing But I could be with my exciting life I don't think so But Bob, it is really, it's good to give back and talk to people who aren't in show business sometimes, right?

Yeah, not often though When people talk about charity work, that's what we mean Talk to someone who's not in show business one day, give them a thrill Yeah, yeah, yeah Make sure you're on camera when you do it Oh, of course It boosts your career Big boost for your career Big boost, one of those BBs?

That and a drug arrest Charity work and a drug arrest If I could get a drug arrest going DUI, okay Drug arrest, bigger Throw an Andy Dick on that You got something Now you're doing it, now you're rocking the house All right, let's play Would You Rather We all know how this is played People send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is CBBWYR, comedy bang bang Would You Rather And I read them out loud I will open the floor for questions You can ask me any question about any other scenario in order to narrow down your choice And then I will close the floor and we will vote And then we'll tally up the points The winner will get?

The winner will get the...

Finish Yes Yes, go ahead The winner will get?

To finish No, you will get a prize consisting of... fill in the blanks Yes, of course Is that what you're saying?

No You fill in the blank of the following sentence Yes, exactly The winner will get the following prize Exactly, I will fill in the blanks, exactly Fantastic That was fun Are we done? Was that it?

No, no, no, the game is just about to start actually Okay Okay, here we go Monica King asks Would You Rather eat at Chipotle every day or eat a person just once?

Eat at a Chipotle every day or eat a person just once?

I'm opening the floor for questions Question Yes, Paul Lusak Is the person incredibly skinny? Like maybe the person died from malnutrition?

Hmm, it depends, it depends because for each of you it's going to be a different answer Because I'll tell you exactly who the person is, it's the person who is your mortal enemy So for both of you it would be different Oh, right, does the person...

The guy in Palm Springs Does the person... yes, that's right Wait, the guy in Palm Springs is your mortal enemy?

He's my mortal enemy He holds the keys to the kingdom and I'm just opening the door to the kingdom every day Is he a tan gentleman?

Extremely tan, problematic man But how thin is he? Is he...

No, he's muscular, he's healthy Do you have any kind of sauce you can have with the person? I mean, can they be served any which way?

You have person sauce You don't have Chipotle sauce?

No, no Chipotle sauce, unfortunately you have to, they keep that at Chipotle When eating at Chipotle every day, are you eating the same thing or can you choose from their vast and varied menu?

Hey, you can get whatever you want at Chipotle, as long as you eat there three times a day you can get any Oh, you can only eat there, not once a day? You literally can only eat at Chipotle every day for the rest of your life Or you can eat wherever you want as long as you eat a person one time I think that I would have to choose...

Please don't vote yet, we all know how this is played and if you choose before I've closed the floor for questions, you'll forfeit the game Okay, I got one Is there any ramification to you eating the person, i.e. would the FBI be interested in it in any capacity?

Well, if you're already being investigated by the FBI, I think then you would be on their radar, doubly so But yeah, there is ramifications in the sense of you have to cover it up It's certainly not legal, you've made this pact with me, the would you rather king, but I'm not going to clean up your mess If you eat this person of your mortal enemy, you're going to have to stalk the person You're going to have to murder the person, you're going to have to make sure there's no witnesses And you're going to have to clean up the leftovers So it's not provided much like you would go into a Chipotle and say I'd like to order this It's not quite as easy as a Chipotle Okay, Bob?

Can you recook the Chipotle food? Can you bring it home and do things to it?

Wait a minute, so now what you're trying to ask me is if you can take it to go Always take it to go, bring it home Put your own condiments on it, is that what you're saying?

Yeah, do stuff to it When you say do stuff, exactly what do you mean?

Stalk it, hunt it down No, no, no, Paul, no, that's the other scenario Cook it into different shapes and sizes Do you mean like deep fry it?

Or whatever you want to do Oh, I see, but you're trying to mentally trick yourself into Can you alter it in any way, the Chipotle food?

What do you like to do to food usually? What sounds good to you?

I put it in a pie crust and bake it Like a nice burrito in a pie?

Yeah, and then put a little flag on it You know, we're taping this right before dinner, that actually sounds really good A burrito in a pie Taco salad pie?

I don't know, you can always make a salad out of it How would you make a salad out of, say, a taco?

Put the lettuce on the bottom and then put the taco on the top They do sell lettuce at Chipotle, yeah, that's true So the question is, can I alter the Chipotle food in any way?

Are you asking also what kind of condiments would you put on it?

Oh, anything, any kind of spices that you like What's your favorite condiment?

Thyme, cardamom, poppy seed, oregano, basil Another great one, you're listing off my top five right there Clover Oh, number six, of course No, you're not, you have to eat it at Chipotle That's what I thought, because originally you said you had to eat at Chipotle every day So, how far away is this Chipotle from your house?

That's a great question, well, you live in a farmhouse in the middle of Wyoming You have to relocate?

Oh yeah, that's part of it, because there's a certain Chipotle you have to eat at And the housing market being where it's at, the cheapest is about an hour, 20 minutes away from the Chipotle So that's the only house that you can afford Really, it's an all-day deal, once you go out you can't run back home Well, it's not that, come on, it's not that bad You wake up in the morning, what time do you wake up, Bob?

6.30 6.30, okay 5.42 5.42, that is really specific It has to be Okay, so let's take you, for instance, Paul At 5.42 it takes you an hour and 20 to get there, you're there by 7am How long does it take you to eat, would you say?

About an hour and 45 minutes So 8.45, you're done with breakfast Okay Okay, you go home Alright, so 8.45 till 10.05 Okay Okay, so 10.05 you're home Alright, what time do you like to eat lunch?

Noon? Everyone loves noon, right?

I'm kind of a 10.30 guy myself 10.30 is not going to work out, you're not going to get there in time, you'll get there by 11.20 Okay Okay, so really you like to eat lunch at 10.30?

Can you move closer to the Chipotle restaurant?

Great question, great question Well, I thought you had to stay in the farmhouse Oh, no, no, you can move Well, why am I in the farmhouse in the first place?

Just you win the house if you have to eat It's a lot like extreme home makeover, you win, yeah, you win the house But you have to pay the taxes Yeah, taxes and all that stuff Exactly, yeah This question should have just been, would you like to win a farmhouse?

Yeah, we are going to change the name of this game at some point If you said yes, then you have to either eat a person or eat a Chipotle every day I'll be honest That comes later I don't feel like you're going to get to enjoy the farmhouse with this Chipotle schedule It's a beautiful farmhouse, it's got an amazing view, the sunsets there Have you ever been to Wyoming?

Only there?

Only there Wow I'm eating at...

Are you voting right now, Bob?

Can I please?

You cannot vote, you're going to forfeit the game if you vote I don't want to do that, I want to win the farmhouse Yeah, you want to win the farmhouse Wait, is it the first one to answer gets it?

The one who answers correctly gets this farmhouse Isn't the correct answer what your own choice is?

Come on, man You're a child You are a child No, the dentist is a child, I'm an adult who runs a large building Okay Alright, so any other questions here on this?

None None, you have none?

I'm clear Okay, the person you're hunting down Sure Murdering The person from Palm Springs, in other words Yeah Bob, who's your archenemy, by the way?

We never got to this Gosh, I don't know who my archenemy is There's got to be someone out there in the world Well, I'm not a huge fan of Doc Ock That's true He and I Otto Octavius Yeah He and I You've tangled a few times We part ways over certain issues Are you the web head?

I'm not going to say yes or no to that I feel like he's trying to trump my landlord stories with this Spider-Man thing Alright Look, the point is Doc Ock and I You've locked horns We've locked horns, that's all I'm saying Okay, okay Well, I've got erotic footage in my basement, so there's that What was your question about the person you hunt down and kill?

Oh, the person you hunt down and kill Is there any way that you can Since it is your archenemy Can you drag out the process of the eating, a la Jeffrey Dahmer?

And keep them alive while you're eating?

Is that what you're asking me?

Yeah, because I'm going back to this idea of like Well, I really hate this guy This is kind of an opportunity This is kind of a chance of a lifetime You know So are you trying to ask me if you are able to attach tiny tourniquets to each of their extremities As you slowly chop them off and fry them up And would it last a long time?

So basically if you first cut off the tips of his fingers You'd have ten tiny tourniquets at the end of their fingers And then you'd slowly work your way in Yeah, I would I can't speak for Robert here I have a different question I have a different question Now you've brought this up to me Okay, let me answer his question Yes, of course Great, so it is your own choice of Of how quickly you do it Wonderful Can you have sex with it?

While you're eating it or With the Chipotle food Oh, okay, we're on the other end of the question What did you think?

Oh, the body, the dead body Oh, no, no, I have no interest in this By all means have sex with the Chipotle food With employees, anything At the Chipotle?

Yeah, yeah And you won't get arrested?

No, the Chipotle is your own private little domain It's almost like you're in international waters when you're in there Does it have a tiny DQ stand in it?

Oh yeah, yeah, definitely, of course I call good Chipotles But basically within there you have diplomatic immunity And you cannot be prosecuted for any crime you commit or perpetrate So you're able to do anything you want to anyone within the Chipotle So, if I were to go for the Chipotle I could bring my archenemy to that Chipotle You could invite him to lunch Murder him there Best of both worlds Yeah, and put him on the menu Of course, is that part of your freaky scene?

Is having other people eat him or do you want him all for yourself?

I'm just...

Or do you want him on the menu so you can order him?

Because that gives you extra gratification I want to see people ordering him and ingesting him Oh, wow That's the dream to you?

That to me would be kind of like, you know, I gotcha Yeah, that's A+. I gotcha Yeah, let's toast to that Yeah, everyone Good ideas Alright, I'm just about to close the floor for questions Any last minutes or shall I shut the door?

And the door is shut and we're going to vote here Bob, how do you like to vote?

I am going to choose the option of having sex with the Chipotle food And eating it every day Wow And living in the cute farmhouse in Wyoming And why is that?

Well, I was afraid I wouldn't get to have sex ever again But if I can fuck the food Meaning in your life right now?

Well, only because I'm living in Wyoming Oh, okay I'm in this big farmhouse and that guy, that dude Who's that guy? He lives in a farmhouse He drives a Chipotle three times a day He only eats Chipotle, he smells like Chipotle That's true, you would smell like Chipotle You would smell like a Chipotle restaurant But this clears everything up Okay, great So in order to have sex, you choose the farmhouse Okay, great And Paul Lusak, how do you like to vote here?

Okay, now I just want to go back to the rules Has he now got the farmhouse and I'm left with another option?

No, no, no, there are two universes out there The minute you vote, by the way The minute you vote, you will be mentally transported to To that world?

To that world, yeah So vote carefully Because all of a sudden, if you see what I'm seeing I will see a light go out in your eyes And you will become a husk of a man And you will astrally project to whatever plane that you choose So please choose carefully Well, I'm not going to go with the murdering Because I've already, I've done that Oh I've done, I have hunted, I have killed For sports?

For, on a whim, you know, one of those weekends That does not qualify as sports, sorry Well, I had a sporting good time doing it We're not in England right now You can't just use English slang I didn't know if I could sort of slip in some idioms or something Alright, how are you voting?

I too would love to be in my own Chipotle domain Where I can kill someone, have sex with the food You know, I reign supreme Other people would order the food You would get that wonderful, wonderful feeling of knowing that other people are eating your most hated enemy So in other words, you would choose I'm going for Chipotle too Choosing the farmhouse I mean, of course And, oh my god, that is fascinating Did we win?

Take a look at him, he's gone to the farmhouse Oh my god, so many chickens So many pretty chickens and sheep Yeah, wow, that's crazy Wait, he thinks chickens are pretty Wait, there's no car Yeah, that's the weirdest part of his whole thing Wait, there's no car here How am I going to get to Chipotle?

What the fuck is going on here?

This is like a monkey's paw What the fuck have you done to me?

Alright, congratulations Bob, you won the farmhouse Awesome I transported him to a Twilight Zone type of universe Where he's at the farmhouse but forgot to buy a car At least he has chickens Yeah, pretty chickens Pretty chickens That is of course how we play Would You Rather Ah, yes, Bob, congratulations Thank you, man You're a winner I feel great Fantastic I feel like all my dreams came true Alright, we're going to go to our very last feature And that is a little something that we call Plugs Hey there celebrity guest man Tell us where you'll be Tell me when your sick comes on We're fit to show them what's the date Otherwise we will be wandering It's the least you deserve After battling Would You Rather Enduring Harris's foam corner And the world famous scouter bots What am I thinking?

And hey there celebrity guest man Just tell us what to see Include your Twitter handle So we can go following you That's awesome, who did that? Who is that?

How much time do we have on it?

We'll fade, we'll fade Oh my god, who is that?

That is the Plugs song Mr. Celebrity Guest Man by LJJK1234 That is hilarious If you have a Plugs theme that you would like to submit Go to EarWolf.com on our message boards and submit it It is our What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs section And Bob, you said you had some major announcements And I want to give you free rein here to talk about them So first things first, a really great new sketch show With funny, funny new sketches Me and the great group The Birthday Boys You had me at me But The Birthday Boys is even better On February 4th at the Eureka Theater in San Francisco As part of the San Francisco Sketch Fest There's an 8 o'clock show and a 10.30 show And what is this? It's a sketch show that you guys have written together?

It's a sketch show called Bob Odenkirk and the Birthday Boys in the 7 Man Sweater Oh my gosh, and so you guys wrote the show together?

Yeah, we wrote a show, it's got little videos in it and scenes And it's a really fun show that we did here once And had a great time doing so we can't wait to do it up there And so please come to the San Francisco Sketch Fest That's February 4th you said?

February 4th is the night of our performance Where do people get tickets for that?

SFSketchFest.com That's great, I love the Sketch Fest That's a great venue, Eureka you said?

Yes Which is a nice little intimate theater So this is your chance to kind of see the master of sketch comedy at work And some other masters too, these guys are great Yeah, The Birthday Boys are fantastic, friends of the show Yeah, and then another thing that's happening for our Canadian friends Oh, I love our Canadian friends North of the Border Yep, that's right America's Hat That's right On February 25th, me and David Cross or Little Davy Cross Wait a second, Little Davy Cross That's right Who used to be on a program called Chippendales Movie Called Mrs. Howe Mrs. Howe from Mrs. Howe with Bob and Davy And the Chippendales Movie And the Chippendales Movie, one, two, and three, and four Right, The Squeaklidgee We are hosting the closing night gala show It'll be a gala night of great stand-ups from America and England The Englishers and probably some Canada people And it's going to be real funny and you can get tickets there at comedyfest.com Should be a great show You guys doing sketches together in other words?

We'll do a sketch or two and we'll do this Our hosting will be kind of a sketch unto itself that we're writing Yeah, like the construction of the show will have like a meta layer too And you guys haven't performed together since one of the last We never ever in our lives Mr. Show, we were in separate studios I had no idea Oh, I never met him That's amazing Never met him, not once And you also said that you had something else to talk about as well But please go to both of those shows if you're in San Francisco or in Vancouver On February 4th San Francisco, on February 25th, Vancouver Okay guys, total seriousness And those are serious too I got a sneak listen to the new Tenacious D album What?

I did A new Tenacious D album?

I'm not kidding It is unreal It is so great No one knows they have a record I've not heard any kind of rumors about them having a new record I heard a rumor about them being in a studio Well, Banana Rama heard a rumor too once, very famously Number one hit for them That's right But I will say that No, but seriously, Jack, let me have a special sneak listen What did you have to go into, like a locked room or?

No, no, I don't think it was locked, it was tiny Just room for the two of you?

It was just room for my ears I couldn't go in myself Oh, that's unfortunate No, no, no, they wouldn't let me in No, I seriously heard it, and Scott, it's amazing Amazing I cannot wait It blew my mind We play them on the show all the time We're big fans They gave me Tenacious again When's it come out? Do you know any information?
