I'm going to be. Come. Coming up on comedy death rate today my special guest host Andy Samberg from SNL. We have a person a comedian with two number one summer blockbusters. Zach Galifianakis is here also from East bounding down. Andrew Daly is here coming up on the other side of this.

Welcome to your space Olympics. All the oxygen has run out.

You're talking over the song right now Andy. We turned your mic on.

I had an old fashioned dinner. I started. No, you had an old fashioned dinner.

Oh, let me turn. Let me turn Zach on too. Since you're going to jump in. I had an old fashioned dinner. It was like. So no old fashions were drunk. No, no, during the dinner. It was old fashioned. It was like an old timey dinner. Okay, what do you have?

Court on the cob. See it from that vintage food place down on vintage food.

It had a hearty food. Okay, let me set the scene. By the way, this is comedy death rate. My name is Scott Ockerman. I'm the host. Before we get to my guests, I want to thank Jimmy Pardo for guest hosting last week. He did a fine, fine job. Some great people were there. Paul of Tomkins, Jimmy Dora. That was a hilarious show. I was at Comic Con announcing the comedy death rate comic book in a spectacular panel that was jam packed with people wondering what anyone was talking about. So that was fun.

So look up that on comedy death rate dot com. But let me first turn my attention to my special guest host here today. He is a cast member or a re pertory player, perhaps, on Saturday Night Live. It's Saturday. You've been on there for five years. Going into my 50s. Going in fifth season. This is Andy Sandberg. Hello, sir. Hi. He had an old fashioned dinner last night. Okay, now talk about this dinner. This is what the listeners really want to hear about. Talk about this dinner you had last night. There's a lot of sardines.

Really? Well, it was like Great Depression era kind of a dinner. Like crackers and sardines.

I had some of some leather boot. Classic. Classic stuff.

Who were you with? People want to know details. Just like some bros. Some bros. Nice.

Where was it? Sunset Tower restaurant.

Oh, it was quite a hot spot. Were there any celebrities there? There were. Who? Sorry.

Should I not interrupt? No. Go ahead, Zach. Well, ask your question. Were there any celebrities there? Well, Brian Graser was there. Wait, was that the guy ? Is that the guy from? That's the guy from 90210. Yep. Who was married to making Fox?

Right. The dude who wrote milk.

The dude who wrote milk with sex tape. Does he have a sex tape? Yeah. Really? That dude's a good looking. I'd watch that sex tape. All right, let's watch it. Can we get that on YouTube? Engineer Stephanie, by the way, engineer Stephanie got a lot of airtime last week.

We're nipping that in the bud this week. She does not even have her own mic. We're taking care of it. I listen to your emails and your tweets. Let me introduce our special guest for the hour. He has two number one blockbusters this summer. He swung for the fences and it paid off from the hangover. What is this from? G4s. Zach Gallifin X.

What other celebrities were you? Damon. Damon was there. Damon. Damon. Wait, Linda. Oh, Matt Damon. Matt Damon.

Matt Damon. He was super nice. She has a water. Well, where 'd you get this water? We went? I know. What's going on here? Oh, wow. All right. We 're a little later on the program. We're going to have Andrew Daly from Eastbound and down. I can't wait till he gets here. You're ruining the. Okay. Mike protocol is way, way out of line. He's going to be here a little later. We're going to be talking to him about several things. But all day we're going to be playing songs from the Lonely Island, which is Andy. That's your super group. That's my super group.

Yeah. I took members from other really successful comedy bands. It's like, where was Akiva from before Akiva was in Flight of the Conchords? Right. Yes.

Everyone knows that. And Yorma was in Tenacious D. Wow. He was the fifth member. A lot of people don't know that. Jack's about two and Kyle's two. Well, maybe Jack's one and Kyle's three.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, Yorma has the voice of an angel. That's true. Yeah. Not singing voice, just the way he talks. He has the voice of David Boryann's playing angel. Does that make sense? Is it Bory ann's? What is it? Boryannus. Boryannus.

Like Aurora Boryannus. Yeah. I'm sure he's never heard that . Zach. Isn't that Damon tall? No.

Well, taller than you think. Good. He was sitting. I don't know. Good. How does he stack up next to Zach? Would you say Zach? Do you want to stand up to give V andy a visual here? He's taller. Okay.

Whoa. Water-natically. I'm not tall. How tall are you, Zach ? Six, two. Yeah. So average.

All right. We're going to come back with these two guys. We 're going to play something by the Lonely Island. A deep cut. Track two. Stephanie, are we ready to go? Let's do it. We're going to come back with more Zach, more Andy and Andy. Here we go.

Oh no. You do it, you're funny. That's come with me. What happened to Camlamo? I mean, Camlamo. Good. That's better.

That's Camlamy. Wait. I'm confused. We said Camlamo.

Uh, I'd be one of three one. Comedy death ray. I kind of cut off the end of that song. Sorry. Um, it's worth the worst part. Camlamy. You can find that on the Lonely Island website. What is that, Andy? The Lonely Island.com.

No, you don't like that name? No, I don't know. Can you give me an idea for a better name? Something a little simpler, a little catchier, a little more. You know what I mean? Like, like, uh, the fart knock us.

The fart knock us. Is that with an AHS or a AHC? AHC. Okay.

AHC. Yeah. All right. So, uh, we're not going to be available to go get that domain name for about an hour because we're doing the show. So no one steal that. Yeah, don't steal it. You guys be cool.

Seriously. Zach Galfenakis is here. Zach.

Yup. Tell us what you got. About what? About a website? Why are you? Yeah.

Website. Yeah. What do you have? Steveckerel.org. Weird.

Weird call.

It is arc. It's not work. It's arc. Like a pirate? Yeah. A- R-G-H. Yeah. Oh, A-R-G-H? Yeah. I just want to, I'm sure so I get it right. Uh, what did you ask me? What's going on? Yeah. What are you doing?

Come on. Get us something. Uh, uh- What are you doing in LA ? I'm promoting a TV show.

A TV show? Uh-huh. Are you on a TV show? Yeah. What TV show are you on? HBO show.

Oh, it's short story. With Jason Schwartz. What's it called ? Board to death. Uh-huh. Is it the story of this interview? When did it come on? I've been hearing about this for a long time.

September, something, September, uh, the fall and the autumn and autumn. Now you say you're promoting the autumn line up. Autumn sweet. You say you're promoting this show, but I've never heard you talk about it on any of your appearances. All you seem to talk about is this movie G-Force.

Oh, I was doing that too. Oh, G-Force. And now I was out here yesterday. They do this thing called TCAs. Andy? The television critics association, but I'm not here yet. Oh, yeah. Uh, I wasn't talking to you. I'm stuck in the other one. Yeah, different Andy TV critic association.

Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Jump in. God, when he talk, ask you a question. Okay. So, uh, you're my co-host for the, for the, I'm the co-host. You're the co-host. Special guest. Yes, exactly. And then what's Andy? I'm a ghost. He's the honorary ghost. He's the ghost way. That was not a commentary. I'll let you know what I'm booing. Oh , well, no. Oh, yeah. When I'm booing, you'll know. Give us a sample of that booing. That style of booing. Boo. Okay. Very different. The second one was the commentary. Yes. I'll work on it. The commentary being, this is a ghostly show. What if a ghost is at a show and is not, does not like what he sees?

What does he do? His options are very limited. Can he do both?

People would just be confused. Yes. We know you're a ghost.

He has to go boo because I don't like it.

What if he sees his black girlfriend and he wants to call her by a pet name?

Can he call her boo or? You mean because black people call each other boo? Yeah.

Is that what your, yeah, that's not a word. I didn't know that either. There's a whole song called my boo. It's not so crazy. Game is all give me a call boo. That one. Well, I'm talking about the last one. I think that clarifies it. I think that was my white white people. It's not one of the bigger problems facing ghosts. Oh my God. And we should all leave. They're usually trying to solve their own murders. Yeah. Make sure they can go to heaven. Trying to get to the other side.

Trying to track down Jennifer Love Hewitt.

To haunt her or do you mean on her character on the show or just her? She, well, they're confused.

She annoyingly whispers at the moment. Hey, ghosts. Hey, ghosts. Hey.

All right. We're going to talk more about several topics. I have several topics to talk about.

We're not just going to dick around like this, but after this song, we have a special guest who's going to be here. A man named Danny Mahoney. He'll be coming up right after this break. This is Zach Galifianakis featuring Fiona Apple. Hello. Hey, finger. Who 's this? Clarissa Roberta. This is Clarice. Oh, what's up Clarice? What do you need? I want to come over there and get some that sweet love. Oh, so you want to come over and get it? Yeah, I definitely want to come over and get it.

So what you're saying is that perhaps you might want to come over and get it. Get it. Get it. Get it.

Hello, everybody. Yeah, putting on my ass body spray with my turtleneck on. Sucking it off 2006 style. Just taking the wrapper off the lollipop. Ready to suck it off. It's Friday at night.

And it's time to party with the beat. Don't be even tight.

So long the pants. My mom gave me hoping tonight that the dance club will save me. It's got my watch, but it doesn't even matter.

Cause I'm standing out all night gonna spray my baby batter . Spocked me a hotty. Sitting in the corner. I walk across the room and see girl I gotta warn you. It showed me your fanny back.

I show you my fanny. It showed me your fanny back. I show you my fanny. If you want me to get with you.

There's only one thing you gotta do. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna take a look at me as if to say today is gonna be your lucky day. She's start to cigarette.

On the floor she looks so damn hot. I couldn't take it anymore. I told her again that I wanted to get up and then go. But first things first. I will show you my buds. In Great Britain, fanny is slang for vagina. But don't be confused. Vaginas are the same all over the world.

If you show me your fanny back. I show you my fanny. If you show me your fanny back. I show you my fanny.

If you show me your fanny back. I show you my fanny. If you want me to get with you. There's only one thing you gotta do. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it.

Daytona. Up of them guts. New York. Up of them guts.

Troops. Up of them guts. Iraqi. Up of them guts. Christian.

Up of them guts. Giraffe. Up of them guts.

Mormon. Mormon. Way up in all them guts. Panama City. City.

Up in them guts. Golden Gate Bridge.

Up in them guts. Jealousy. Up in them guts. Amoeba. Up in them guts. The Fanger.

Fanger. Way up in those. New uts. So I took her home. And took off her clothes. You probably think you know where the story goes. But she looked at me. She said, I got to blow my nose. You what? I gotta blow my nose. You what? I said I'm all congested up in here baby. I got to blow my nose. No.

Well you throw your nose as soon as I'm done. Get up in them guts. Get up in them guts.

Come on and get it. I said come on and get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it.

Hey man that was a weird night. But that's a base load true story. No it is a true story.

This is the Fanger saying that when you're up and then we got the other new guts.

Make sure that you put a rapper over that thing. Yeah.

Just put crazy shit on. That song is truly abhorrent. Zach how did that song come about?

It's part of a TV show. And I wrote it with 80 miles and we wanted to write the worst song.

Spring Break song. And we played it in Panama City. It was number one that night. People local DJ like somehow it became the number one song. But on what chart? I mean did you release it or something? They had played it through the day on this radio station. Okay and it became the number one song on that. We all kind of called in and I think they had 20 people calling throughout the day but we call it 13 times. So it became the number one song in Panama City. Wow so you can boast that. That's awesome. Wow comedy death rate by the way. I'm here with Andy Sandberg.

I'm here with Zach Alfanakis. We were talking about our favorite songs during the break.

We were talking about Whitesnake because David Coverdale's brother produced that song you said.

I think so yeah. It's one of those bands. I'm not sure. It was a Whitesnake. I can't remember but it's one of those guys brothers. Andy what was your favorite song from that era you were saying and would you sing it? I was saying that I had the 45 of here I go again by Whitesnake and then that I also had the 45 of Ragdoll by Erasmith. And how does that go? I can't remember that song.

That song is how it goes. No you know Scott. It goes like this.

Ragdoll shabby David. It is kind of like a megaphone song.

It is. Ragdoll or a dog.

All right yeah. We have a special guest. Let me set the scene here. Every once in a rare while. About once a week whenever I do a show. I come across people on the street. Here's what happens. I'm the host of comedy death rate radio. People have gotten to know my voice.

Mainly my voice. Sometimes my face so whenever I say something on the street someone's ears will prick up and they'll say that's the guy and then they'll come over to me and say can I be a guest on your show? And that happened again just yesterday. I was just out there on Melrose just minding my own business just MYOB as I like to do. Zach? My own.

minding my own. Yep. Great fact checker. And a gentleman came up to me and he said he'd like to talk about his business. His name is Danny Mahoney and he has a business called Life of the Party Incorporated Zachary. That's exactly what it's called . Life of the Party Incorporated. It's a business that I started. Thank you for having me on the program by the way. Okay good. Let's get the pleasantries out of the way. Oh okay. You're not a big fan of pleasantries. No I'm saying great. Let's do them. It's now instead of in the middle of this wonderful to be here in blah blah blah. Oh well right. It's a business called Life of the Party Incorporated and here the first of all just a little backstory on myself. I used to have a plumbing business with my nephew and he forced me out of it. It was a hostile takeover. Yeah he grew weary of my personality apparently. You don't say. No it's true. And I was very, I was despondent for a while there. I thought about I put on a heavy coat and I walked into the ocean thinking this is it.

Thinking the coat will drag me down. How did you get such a heavy coat?

How did I get ahead? That's what you want to know? How did I get a heavy coat? That's the first question that springs a vibe. I went to the Nordstroms and I says where's your heaviest coat?

Okay. And it was around the winter time. Okay. Wait it was the winter season when they were selling their coats. Yes it was exactly. Okay that makes sense. A nice heavy cloth coat. Is that winter of last year? This was this past winter. Okay. What 's going on with you?

I think you don't ask the best questions. Anyhow I survive in the middle of the ocean. I'm thinking okay time to go down now and drown. And I've heard that there's a moment before you die in drowning that is just euphoric. So I wanted that. But then I had it then I realized that I came up with this idea for this business and I thought you know what I'm going to make lemons.

Hey you know what I mean? Out of lemonade. No. What?

Whatever it is. However it works I'm going to make a good thing. Okay. And so I fought my way back to the shore and I started Life of the Party Incorporated. And the way that it works is if you 're throwing a party. Any kind of a party it doesn't matter what it is. Whether it's a Bosmitzvah or somebody's getting out of jail or even a gay wedding. You know what I mean? I would work a gay wedding. I know what you mean. I don't care. You know what I mean? Their money works. You know what I mean? Yeah. You know what I mean?

Yeah. They're you know they use three dollar bills sometimes. I like that. That's a good joke.

That's a good joke. Scott. Thank you. Better than my questions.

Yeah. Your questions are shit. They're terrible questions.

So were you a joke that let me ask you this before we get into your business. Were you wearing the heavy coat during when you started the business? Did you continue wearing it or gee whiz? I bought the coat to kill myself. And by the way I told that to the sales girl and she didn't care. She didn't like her. She says you know why I said you know why I'm buying this coat. I'm going to walk into the ocean with it. I'm going to kill myself. Huh. And she just sits you know $129. That was it.

Anyhow what's your question? No I got rid of it on the beach. It's not important. It's really not important. So you shed the coat on the beach. I just want to give our listeners the backstory.

You shed the coat and started a new life. Boy boy. We're taking the long road. I did. I took off the coat. Okay. I just left it there in the sand. I'll bet you're homeless guys wearing it right now.

That's a $129 coat. A wet coat. Sure. Wet full of sand. And you leave it on the beach.

Yeah big yeah. Yeah. Because I really only bought it to kill myself. Okay. It didn't look good on you.

Oh no it did look good. Yeah. Well I wanted to look good.

Sure. You know what I mean. You want to leave a good looking corpse. Absolutely. I didn't want them to drag me out of the ocean and go what a bum. You know what I mean. Yeah I know exactly what you mean. Okay so now you've started this business and explained. You don't want to know how I got back home from the beach. I kind of want to know. Okay yeah let's hear that. I had driven to the beach and I just got back in the car.

And of course the car got soaked and wet and I knew I got to take this. I got to get this cleaned.

Soaking wet because it was raining or. Because I was wet.

Oh right. Oh okay I get it. I get it now.

All right. I have no further questions your honor. Great.

The point of the matter is that I you are throwing a party you hire me and I will come to your party and I will make it fantastic by being the life of the party. That's how it works. Okay.

And I'll make any party fun and we'll have a good damn time. Okay so say I'm throwing a birthday party for my nephew. Sure okay. So I hire you. How do I hire you? I go on to your website. I call my 1-800-C'mon now. C'mon now.

Yeah. And what do you do? I'm that's what I can't figure out. I mean are you an entertainer of some sort or a clown? Well first of all that's an insult and not a clown. But I am an entertainer.

Absolutely I'll entertain. As a matter of fact I'll demonstrate right now. Okay should we get into character and pretend we're having a party or what are you?

Sure that's a great idea. Okay so the three of us are having a party who wants to be my nephew?

Okay. Zach is my nephew. How old are you son? I'm playing along. Okay good. Are you you've arrived already then? Oh no. Okay let's say I haven't. Okay okay so you're not here yet. I would like to know. Maybe who are you gonna be? I'll just be like a creepy uncle. Okay great. Okay. Wait no I'm I'm his uncle so are you another creepy so you're my brother. Oh please do I'll be his dad. Okay so wait so you are my brother. I'm your brother. Okay dad. I'm an uncle. Zach you're kind of estranged. Okay but I'm why am I along with him? Why am I throwing the party? Why can't you throw your own son a party? Do I? Maybe I'm I tried to kill myself. Maybe I tried to walk into those. You picked up that code. Yeah right. I don't want to.

This is the backstory here that you found my code on the beach and you tried to kill yourself with it.

I mean it would be quite a twist. It would be. That's like a Twilight Zone episode.

That is ironic. I'll just be a party guest. Okay you're a guest. You're my friend. Yeah me friend.

And I invited you to be wait why don't you be his friend.

That's weird that I'm inviting my friends to his. Well I'm gonna play it like I'm six. Okay great. So you're six. Guys. Guys.

Not all of this is important. You're really getting into the minutiae of this. Let's just have the fun party. You know what it doesn't really matter who's here.

Okay I just we need to know who we are.

All right so all right. I don't know that you do. Uh what's your name? Ricky. Ricky are you having a great time at your party. This party sucks. I know. I wish well you know and I took care of it because I hired someone by calling 1-800-COMON now and he's gonna arrive at any at any second. Is that him over there? Here I am. This party is like a fucking funeral. What is it supposed to be a birthday party for a child? It's like a funeral for a child . A popular child. A sweet kid that everybody liked. One of those types of funerals. Sure.

Where everybody's sitting around going I wish he wasn't dead. That's not the kind of a birthday party we'll get. Let's have some dancing.

Put on something we could dance to. You. There we go. I like big book. Show you. Get up. Get up. Get up.

Get up. Get up. Get up and dance. Get up and dance. Get up and dance. You get up. Get up and dance.

You want me to get up and fucking dance right now. All right. Let's see some moves. All right.

What do you call that? This is just a variation on the twist I guess. A variation on the twist.

It's not much of a dance. Let's get a Congo line going to hold each other's hips.

Turn around. Yes. That's right. You turn around and hold this one outside. Where are you going?

I'm going outside. Where are you going? Where are you the birthday boy? Come back. We need the birthday boy. Get the get your ass back in here. How old are you? Six. Fuck you. Six. That's bullshit. He's got a beard. Sit down. Okay. Stand up. Wait.

You just sit down. Because he's walking out of the room. Okay. Now come back in and sit and now stand up and dance. Sit.

Oh, dance. Dance now. Okay. We're dancing. All right. Good.

This is good. You're having fun, right?

This is the best part ever. I'm a friend. Okay. Who are you the friend?

All right. Thanks for coming, friends. Come on. Good. Fine.

All right. Turn off the music. Turn it off. Get rid of it. All right. That's how it worked. I put on some music and I make sure people dance and a lot of times people don't want to dance. And I say, get the hell out of your chair. We're going to have fun fucking dance right now. And there are times when I have had to get physical.

Really? Yeah. And people are all right with that because it gets a party. Because it gets the party going. Yeah. There are times when I'll grab somebody by the shirt collar and I'll go into the kitchen or a closet or something like that. And I'll just smack them a few times. I'll say, you're stopping everybody from dancing. You realize that?

By sitting there glowering.

There'll be times when it gets real physical. Real physical . Real physical. Did you ever get physical with the person who did the hostile takeover of your plumbing? Oh my nephew. Yeah.

You're all the time. All the time. I had a lot of nephews in this segment. Yeah. There are. All the time I beat the crap out of him. Really? Yeah. Well, I was trying to run a business. Is he working for you now, by the way, answering phones or anything like that? No, he's very successful in the plumbing business that he kicked me out of just under the bitch. Any other variations on this, like any other types of parties that we should talk about starting or? You know, sure. There's a, I sometimes, people say, where does this bit go is what I'm asking? What bit? What are you talking about? I'm sorry. What's a bit now? You're right. I don't know what you're talking about. We didn't plan it out for this. So is there another question? A lot of times people say to me, I don't want a dancing party. My friends are old. They have hip replacements. Yes.

You know, they're the wine and liberal cheese crowd and cheese liberals crowd.

Also, how? Yeah. And they like to stand around and have sophisticated conversations. And I say, that's fine. I could do that kind of a party. You don't think I can do that kind of a party?

And that gets physical. That kind of a conversation can get physical. Just the planning of the party gets sure to get before the party ever even starts. Oh, it gets physical a lot of the time.

Anyhow, I'll be happy to demonstrate my conversation ability. Okay. So who are we in this?

Oh, geez. I got to take another one. I call the friend. I call the friend.

And he's the friend. I call it. And who are you a friend of ? Zach. Ricky. Ricky. And I'm the, I'm I'm eating cheese. Fine. I came just for the cheese.

You're eating liberal cheese. Liberal cheese. Okay. Fine. So give me a topic, a conversation that people would talk about. How good this cheese is.

How good the cheese is fine. Okay. Sure. So if you're all standing over by the cheese, and I would walk up and facilitate conversation. I'm eating cheese. Well, how about this cheese, huh? Huh? Hey, somebody say something about the cheese because we're going to get a conversation going. Who's got something about the cheese? Right? Come on . We're standing here. But what?

It's good. It's good. Oh, that's all you have to say. It's good. Yeah. You know, anything about cheese? No, you don't know anything about it. So this is it doesn't matter to you.

I'm just saying, like, you know, a lot of people spend their lives really focusing on cheese.

You know what I mean? And you can tell the French name of something as soon as they put it in their mouths, which we had somebody like that around. Huh? Yeah.

We'd have a real, we'd have a real conversation on it. Who are you, sir? Excuse me? Life of the party incorporated. My name is Danny Ma. I'm here to make this party special. It's a lot of fun.

Oh, I'd, I don't want to make it fun.

I would really rather you leave. You don't like to have fun ? No, I would know and invited you.

Please leave, sir. Come with me into the closet over here for a second. Okay, sure.

Just come with me here. That sounds like a reasonable request. Now, listen to me. Don't you tell me you don't want to have fun. I'm been hired to make this party fun. Right now, when we're going to have a lot of fun and you're going to go back out there and you're going to sense something interesting about this cheese. As soon as we get back out to the cheese table, I hear something interesting about this cheese. Let's do it because I'm hired to make this party great.

I'm sucking. Here we go. Please, I'm sucking dick. Don't slap me again. I don't want that.

That's now you're a pervert. Hey, me, my friend came back.

We had it. We were looking at the coats in the closet over there. Yeah. Let me go. Yeah, sure . Real heavy. Real heavy.

Please don't put one on me. If it comes to that, I'll put one of those coats on you and take you out to the beach. Do you know what I'm talking about? I sort of know what you're talking about.

Okay. You were going to say something about the cheese. I enjoy nice sharp cheddar cheese.

I'm going to kill you. All right. And then that's how that would work. You know what I mean?

And then that guy, presumably would go on to say more interesting things about the cheese.

I'm going to thread a death. Okay. I get it. I think we get it. Do you want to say that number one more time? 1-800. Come on now. Call it and get out of your own way and stop throwing shitty parties like you always do. And let's have some fun.

Want to thank Danny Mahoney, Life of the Party Incorporated. We're going to come back with more Andy Samberg.

And take off the back is after the comedy, the three, any one of the three.

You know what I'm talking about? He's a lovely, hollow leg, so big, better, so badly. You're all overstepping. You're stuck but I'm so proud.

Dark case, Candy rapper screaming baby sticky seats with 50 as a pop or curdles in his teeth. There's still not one that he won't see.

Doug, are you there? Yes, sir. Hello, Doug. You love movies . I do.

What do you got for this week? Well, you know, there's a few big movie openings or I shouldn't say big movie openings, but you know, obviously funny people came out and obviously.

Yeah, that's the big release. And I not only have I not seen it yet, I'm also going to give them a pass until I have seen it.

Don't want to make enemies in Hollywood. Well, I think it's too late for me on that score, but particularly not a movie full of stand-up comedians that I actually know.

But disclaimers aside, what do you have? I've got the collector and aliens in the attic. You tell me which one to do first.

A's in the A. Here we go. My review is 8 words or less.

Aliens in the attic, starring Ashley Tisdale's new Ashley Simpson nose.

And then from Twitter, a gentleman named Timo or T-I-M-M-O, he wrote, someone took a shit in the attic.

And it's the simplest things that make me laugh. And then John Fuller or Tuller. Sure.

I can't even read my own writing. He wrote, the phone home is coming from the house.

Okay. That makes sense? I'm not even going to fake laugh at that. Well, you don't have to fake laugh, but I thought it was clever. And then the collector, my review of the collector was torture on screen and all. And then Maddy Cryes, 1978, wrote, it's like the bone collector without the bone.

And Newland Rob, Newland Rob wrote, the worst movie you'll masturbate to this summer.

And my question is, does he mean me? It's the worst movie I 'll masturbate to this summer.

We should clarify that before we air this show. Because I 've already masturbated to the new Transformers movie. What part? Because I had to do something. Oh, that part where the robots were fighting? Oh, yeah, yeah. That's a great one. And then, uh, napped the jap. I think I read one of his reviews before for the collector. He said, I saw this movie before. Oh, I get it. You got it.

Pun on saw. That's right. And I met the Sacramento punch line all this weekend, if you, uh, Wow, you just went right into the plugs. Well, because that 's what you're, you're going to ask me, well, do you have anything to plug? I was. Yes. And then I did it. Sacramento punchline all this weekend. And then Tuesday night, you're a comedy death redoing the Benson interruption CD taping to celebrate the release of your new album, which is out on Tuesday. Yeah, my new album on comedy central records, unbalanced load. People can get that on intelligent tunes or internet tunes and, uh, and in stores, in stores. Do they still have those commentary on our society?

Yeah. So, uh, get the new record on Tuesday and, and, but come to death ray if you're in, uh, in Los Angeles. Doug, we always love you and your Twitter buddies reviews. Go to hell.

Thanks, Doug. Bye guys.

♪ We're done to watch another talkie ♪ ♪ Eyes of gold is viewing prowess ♪ ♪ Makes it cocky ♪ ♪ There's no room in his heart for you ♪ ♪ Cause the love movies ♪ Comedy death ray, we're going to come back with more Andy Samberg, more Zach Alifenaga's more Andrew Daly after this. Cindy, one of three one.

♪♪ I just stopped with that.

Uh-huh. That is the lonely island with, I think, I might have killed the president.

That is Akiva's Fresh Prince pastiche. Yeah, Keith rocking the mic.

Couldn't come today too bad. Where are those bros? They're in, uh, New Mexico working on a Gruber. Really? Awesome. When's that come out? I have no idea. Oh god.

Bring that kind of information. You know? I get text. Maybe I get it back by...

Take and sell reception in here. Oh. God, if only there was a way. Is that sure?

Yeah, we can't. Uh, this is Comedy Death Ray, by the way.

My special guests and...

I have reception. Oh, you do? Get that info. Get that info.

Uh, special gas Andy Samberg, Zach Alfanakis, Andrew Daly. We're gonna play a little game , a new feature on the show called Would You Rather?

Okay. Oh no, no. No, let's lose the... Okay, there we go.

Is that on a Luke word?

The weak trumpets?

Cute weak trumpets. All right, this is very simple. This is a new feature on the show.

It's basically just the game Would You Rather? And we'll open it up to the four of us bros, and then we'll just kind of talk about it and hash this out and see what it is. All right.

Okay. You guys know how to play? I think so. Yep. All right , here we go. Would you rather go on a long car trip with your family or go on a short car trip with your family?

Which family? The family, you know, my parents and my siblings? Or my wife and daughter?

Since... Well, no, your wife and daughter does not count.

It's the one that you...

Okay. That would... My family of origin. Yes. Your secret origin family.

What kind of car are you driving? Um... Well, that's a good question. You're not driving.

That's... That should be established right away. Are you riding shotgun or are you in the back?

You called shotgun, but you didn't call it in time. Someone else called it. So you're in the back.

So you're seething the whole time that you can get it? Yeah . Okay, that's important.

Does the length of the trip affect the destination in the scenario? You know what I'm saying?

You get to the same destination in both scenarios just you start closer in the second one.

I gotcha. I gotcha. So it's not a trick question? No, it's not a trick question at all. It's just simply which would you rather? Can I answer? Yes. We'll do this one by one. Okay, first we'll go to my immediate left, Andy Samberg. What is your answer?

Short. Short. Zach Galifenakis in the middle.

Do I get to ask one more question? Yes, you can. What kind of car is it?

Uh, that's right. We did not establish that. It is... It's one of those... It's a stretch hummer, basically. Well, for environmental reasons, my short one. Okay, great. Andrew Daley.

I would say long because getting there is always half the fun. Very good. All right. That's...

See, it's very easy. That's how you play. Would you rather?

All right, let's uh...

Let's go to this one. Would you rather have hot boiling coffee thrown in your eyes or drink hot but less than boiling coffee? Any questions before we answer this one? What brand of coffee? Sanka. Same on both? Uh, yeah. Same on both. San ka is instant.

Did you uh... Did you deserve it to have it thrown in your eyes? You did. You did something really bad. You did something really bad but you could probably atone for your sins in other ways like go to confession. You are a religious man. You're Catholic in this scenario. In this scenario.

Yeah, and you can just go to confession and and absolve your sins that way. But you hurt someone's feelings maybe. It's asking me. It feels nice to me to be Catholic right now. Yeah.

It's like that's an easy way in. Yeah. You know where you 're going once. Would you rather and then all of a sudden? Uh huh. Zach, what do you got? You got any questions? Uh... Cream? Is it in cream?

There uh is cream in the first scenario but not in the second scenario. No cream to drink the coffee?

No cream to drink. That's important. I should have established that. So would you rather have the coffee the way you like it thrown in your face or drink coffee not the way that you you know it just easily. How hot must that coffee be to have cream in it and still be boiling hot? Uh basically what happened was the person got very angry at what you did.

Yeah. And then took the coffee and poured it into a uh a pot on the stove and then re re-boiled it. Got it but so it had cream in it already. But it's had there's a chance then that the cream has been scalded.

Yes. Definitely. It's definitely been you wouldn't want to drink that coffee. You gotta keep digging. You gotta keep asking. How many cups of coffee have I had to drink so far today? You've had about 12 already. Oh god. So you probably don't need any more. Uh are you wearing protective glasses? Yes.

You're in fact wearing an astronaut suit. Oh.

So that's okay. Yeah we should have talked about that. I got my answer. Okay so let's start with Zach this time. Zach in the middle. What is your answer? Very difficult to drink coffee through an astronaut suit. You fucking idiot. So obviously we'd have it thrown in my eyes. I'm sorry. Okay.

You're right. Andrew Daly. I would also have it thrown in my eyes. Throwing in your eyes. Andy Samberg. I mean you're wearing an astronaut suit. Uh huh. I 'd have it thrown in my eyes. Throwing your eyes. All three. All three. Oh wait. What? Is it in space?

Yes. We forgot to talk about that. Doesn't even hit you.

Ah. We forgot to mention that. It's in space. In space.

Space coffee. That's why it's Sanka.

Wait maybe I should drink a thing. Okay so are we changing?

Are you? I might drink it. I don't want to go to space. Okay you don't want to go to space but you're in space no matter what. Oh well then I would throw in my eyes. Okay. Grown in eyes. Are you changing Zach? Nope. Sticking, sticking to his guns. I'm sticking. You'd have to drink it out of a tube if you're in space. Okay all three.

You have to throw in your eyes. All right. Let's go to the next one. Would you rather kiss Susan Boyle?

You know Susan Boyle from Britain's Got Talent. She dreamed a dream of dreams or Susan's Boyle or would you rather go see kiss with Susan Boyle? That's a tough one for me because I'm super horny. All right well let's think about that for a while then. Any questions from the other two? This is a this one is tricky because I have my answer. The way I see it there's no possible way that you could go see kiss without Susan Boyle and not get a little action off of Susan Boyle. So you get both. I think you would. I think you would. Okay so let's let's start with you then. I'd want to go. I'd want to go to the concert with her and I know it. Because you get the action and you get to see kiss. Hell yeah. Okay Andy Sam berg. I think I'd rather just kiss her.

Okay you don't want to see kiss. I just want to get straight to it. I don't know a lot of kisses songs. Their fans can be unruly. Sure. I feel like inevitably I'd have to like put on face paint or something and I don't want to do that. Okay so the so the the former. Zach Alfnakis.

As you know this Ace Freely is my cousin. I guess. And I've seen kiss so many times so I'll take the first one which is just kissing. Just kissing her. Are you standing at the kiss concert or backstage? You're standing backstage. There is there is a little green room area but you can't see the stage from there. So you can sit there you can take breaks but you can't actually you have to stand while you watch the concert. I don't even find her that unattractive. I would like to kiss her just just like you don't have to give me an option. Just say would you kiss Susan Boyle and say yes. To me when I heard she had never been kissed I immediately wanted to kiss her.

That's really loving of you guys. Well it's also like ego you're like I could be her first.

You know what I mean? It's like that dude in the movie Kids who like parks all the versions.

Yeah the movie Kiss. Kids. The movie Kiss. She did come back later though and said that she'd been urinated on. And that is how you play Reverb Would You Rather Track 9.

Is this from Bullwinkle?

I'll have you notes from The Frog Steven Sondheim's The Frogs.

Is it? I think there's a couple of off notes in there.

That's part of the comedy. Nathan Lane style comedy let's go to track seven and we'll come back with another special guest after this.

See.

I'm imagining your mind a posh country club.

The stuffy old money where the poor kids stubbed.

The spread is planned. Sour crowd and boiled goose.

There's no way these people will never cut loose.

But then I'll walk in the room hold my boombox high.

And what happened next?

Upload your mind.

Everybody's tired I'm obsessed.

The music was way too powerful.

I want your old people fucking ramen.

See what's disgusting is in the leaves.

Oh!

A boom box can change the world.

You've got to know your limits with a boom box.

But this was a cautionary tale.

A boom box is not a toy.

Aww yeah.

That song's a hit.

That is a hit.

How come that's not single yet?

What's going on with it?

Did you film a video for it?

We didn't.

What's up?

We should.

Julian.

Castle Blockis.

I mean it tells a story you could film that story.

Hey I mean honestly we ran out of SNL's.

It's always the problem.

I don't know maybe it's not too late.

I mean you're doing more.

Story in my life.

Not enough SNL's.

Too much time.

So what's the deal of oil goos?

Yeah I don't know.

Dude which lyric was written first?

The first verse and it made you guys laugh boiled goos so much that you decided to put it in.

The first time was just sort of like an annoying detail and then the second time it was laugh and then we said how far can we take it?

Yes.

So we just did it every time.

That's the rule every time is funny.

The rule of every time.

All right let's do a little advertisement.

LA fans coming up this Sunday it's the comedy death ray movie series that send a family at the silent movie theater where your favorite comedians pick their favorite movies and we show them and talk about them afterwards.

This Sunday Saturday Night Live's Fred Armisen picks.

We should mention that as a ghost who's just haunting the studio right now.

I love them.

He is showing and now my love a French film.

We'll be showing shorts Fred stars in beforehand as well.

Tickets are only $14 for this live event can be purchased at sennifamily.org.

That's going to be really fun.

I interview the people.

We've done some really good ones.

Patton showed something really funny.

Sarah Silverman showed something.

We have weirdo coming up.

Doing one should be fun.

Santa family.org.

All right we have a special guest.

Very special.

The most special of guests I should say.

We've had Andy Sandberg here from SNL.

Zach Al-Finnakis from Hit Movies.

And Andrew Daly from East Band and Down.

But now we have a comedian on the show.

He is an LA comedian.

Los Angeles is what I mean by that.

And he is going to be going on a multi-city national tour.

For the first time ever I'm taking my shit on the road.

I can't wait.

Let's welcome the shooter.

What's up?

Hey, shooter.

It's up LA.

Well, this goes out to more than LA.

This is actually a special podcast.

What's up all over?

I'm going on tour, man.

I could not be more excited to get my shit out there and just have everybody hear it.

Because I'm only, you know what?

I've only ever played LA weird enough.

Like I started out here.

I've just played all the clubs out here and I've never gone anywhere else.

So this is going to be awesome.

How long have you been doing comedy?

I've been doing comedy for like 10 years.

Wow.

Yeah.

And only in LA.

I've never ever, yeah.

This is where I live and I love the crowds here.

And you know.

Such great crowds.

Yeah, yeah, it's the best.

Yeah, they're the best.

But well, let's talk about some of your, just your life now.

Are you married?

Are you, I mean, you've grown up here.

Do you have?

Yeah.

No, I am single.

I'm single.

I got a girlfriend and I asked her to marry me.

You know.

Oh yeah.

She looked at me like I just proposed turning East onto Franklin from La Brea for 30 on a Friday.

That's not happening.

Right.

Who?

Yeah.

It's one of the jokes from my set.

Kind of a local reference.

Huh?

Kind of a local reference.

In what way?

Local to LA.

But yeah, okay.

So you, what do you do in LA like for fun?

Do you hang out in coffee shops or do you?

You know what?

I never used to hang out in coffee shops.

I never, I never like was into coffee.

But then I realized that if you get one of those outdoor tables at the Sunset 5 Buzz Coffee, you have a perfect view of the escalators.

And when Cardio Ballet lets out of the crunch, that is the best seat in town.

Man, you know what I'm talking about?

Those beautiful ladies.

Yeah.

Those beautiful ladies coming down that escalator, man.

Yeah.

I don't, I actually, I live here.

I don't think I've been there.

But yeah.

Yeah.

Those are, I've heard the ladies, they're beautiful.

They're beautiful, man.

They're, they're like the dancing waters at the Grove.

You know what I mean by that.

Yeah.

I think, yeah, I went to the Grove once.

Yeah.

That's where the fountain.

Yeah, man.

Yeah, everybody knows.

They play music, they play with classical music.

Yeah.

Everybody knows the dancing waters at the Grove.

Well, now you've been in show business for a while.

Yeah.

You are, you must have representation.

Oh, I got the crappiest agent in the world.

I got the shitty stage and I need a new agent.

Because you know who else he represents?

Dennis Woodruff, professional actor.

And Ty Elvis.

And the girl in the glass display case at the standard.

Oh, okay.

I guess, I guess I should explain for our national listeners.

You don't have to explain anything.

Dennis Woodruff.

Why do you have to explain, you don't have to explain my jokes.

Do you, maybe I could go on tour with you and explain some of these.

Because I think a lot of people.

I need to do that.

A lot of people aren't going to know exactly what you're talking about.

Why would they not know?

Dennis Woodruff, professional actor.

He's been driving around those art cars for years.

Yeah, he has a car that says PVDs.

Yeah.

And then the standard is a local hotel on Sunset.

Yes, court.

Who doesn't know the standard?

Okay.

Let's just move on.

And there's a girl in a glass display case.

What do you do when you're on the road?

Do you have pets?

Like who's going to be looking after your.

Oh, yeah.

No, well, I don't know them now.

Because I did once I took a vacation.

I went down to San Diego once just on vacation, right?

And I had this guy house sit for me.

And he was terrible.

And he brought his dog.

He brought his dog to sit for my house, man.

I got back in the place.

Smelt like running Canyon on a Saturday afternoon in July.

It's terrible, man.

It made the Hollywood public library smell like in a row of a therapy session of Burke Williams.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Yeah, man.

This shit is going to fucking kill.

When I take it on the road.

Oh, no, you might have some problems.

Why would I have problems?

I don't know.

But I didn't come here and get insulted.

Do you have you ever met anyone?

We're going to skip ahead.

Have you ever met anyone from out of the country that you've tried any of this stuff on or?

I've met people from out of the country, but I don't like trying my comedy on them.

I didn't meet this French guy once.

I was asking him like, how to say stuff in French?

I go, hey, how do you say shitty service?

And he goes, lapoubel.

Lapoubel.

The restaurant.

Or they're Franklin and between Bronson and Tamarin.

You know that place?

Service there.

I've been there with.

Yeah, right?

Service is like.

Service is pretty bad there.

I met there once.

Yeah.

I thought it was all right.

Well, sometimes it's okay.

Wow.

It's so funny.

But a lot of times.

It doesn't even work in LA.

A lot of times.

It's really bad.

I mean, no, but it's like a hot and cold.

You know, sometimes you go in there like, there's no problem, but other times it's like, you got to order something to sit at a table.

Half and half, much like when you turn on your sink.

Sometimes it's half hot and half cold.

That's right.

All right.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, good luck to you.

Well, I don't need luck, man.

Just stuff kills.

And when you have material like that, who needs luck?

Purpose in the pudding.

Yeah.

Yeah, man.

And the, all right.

Well, a shooter.

Yeah.

So come see me in some of those clubs that are all across the country that you might have heard of.

Have you booked any of the tour yet?

I'm working on that now.

Like you submit a tape.

How do you do it?

I don't know.

I was going to ask you actually, because I think you, yeah, it's like places called bananas and the Nut Factory and fun crazy names, right?

And places in the country.

Yeah.

So you haven't even started this process.

When you say you're going on a tour, I made the decision to do it.

Okay.

And that's, without that, you don't have anything.

That's true.

That's a good point.

Wait, how'd you get the name shooter?

I'm just curious.

Okay.

Go really like that.

Follow up questions.

Because I just shoot from the hip, you know, I just, I just put it out there.

You know what I mean?

I think of myself like a, like a, like a gunman of jokes.

Have you ever actually shot someone though?

A couple times.

I don't want to talk about that.

I want to focus on the tour and just having fun all across the country.

I'd rather talk about that actually, because you're jokes, frankly, or a bore.

He talking about.

But I'd love to talk about the you shooting someone who, who let's tell them that.

Oh, come on, man.

That's not that interesting.

It sounds interesting to me.

It's really not that good.

I would say the vast majority of the population has never shot someone.

So I'd love to hear about it.

Sometimes they'll just go up on a rooftop and just like take potshots.

But I don't ever want to shoot anybody.

I just want to like, you just want to hit cars.

Yeah.

No, or like shoot a window that somebody's walking by and make them go, holy shit.

You make a realization about their lives.

But there have been times when people have gotten shot, but I don't want to talk about that.

Okay.

Well, thank you so much for coming in, shooter.

Thank you, man.

All right.

Let's go.

His name is Shooter more because he shoots from the hip or more of the winded shooter.

No, it has nothing to do with the guns.

Nothing to do with the guns.

It's just my comedy style.

I like shoot from the hip with jokes.

It's just a happy accident that you also shoot at random things from a rooftop.

I guess I never thought about the coincidence between those two things.

Maybe people got that sense when they talk to you that you're kind of creepy and have shot people.

And that's why have you ever thought about that?

You think I'm putting that energy out there?

Yeah.

Like I've shot people.

Yeah.

Sort of half accident and half on purpose.

Yeah.

I could accept that.

Sort of like the hot and the cold.

Halfway.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

All right.

Thank you so much, shooter.

Let's go to a song.

And when we come back more, Andy Zandberg, more Zach Althonak is more Andrew Daley.

MUSIC We like to only rock the party.

We like to only rock the party.

Say those in socks.

This is kind of awkward.

Say those in socks.

Yo, I don't need a beat.

I'll do this shit.

I cappella.

Fucking.

LAUGHTER Extended remix.

All right.

That's it.

That's comedy death rates for today.

I want to thank.

I just spit everywhere.

I want to thank my guests, Andy Zandberg.

What do you have coming up?

Uh, SNL.

Season 30.

Four.

Five.

Thirty-four.

Thirty-five.

And I've been there for like most of those.

So.

LAUGHTER Is it weird to think you've been there for a seventh of the life of the show?

Is that true?

Mm-hmm.

You're so good at math.

Mm-hmm.

I do a lot of math-based comedy.

I can hold my head proudly knowing I've been there for a seventh of the life of the show.

Is that amazing?

I do claim a little bit of ownership.

Yeah.

You're a big part of that show.

And you have, uh, what, oh, you have a claddy with a chance of meatballs.

Oh, yeah, of course.

Which...

A title.

No, it's a great title.

Yeah.

Beloved Children's.

Yeah, I know.

It makes me laugh.

We saw scenes from it down at Comic Con.

I have to say it was...

It looks like probably the funniest animated movie I've ever seen.

Honestly, it does.

That's very high praise.

It really does.

And I tweeted that on Twitter.

And everyone thought I was being sarcastic.

LAUGHTER But.

Well, that laugh, you thought my laugh with that title really does make me laugh.

LAUGHTER I can't help it.

But it really is funny.

I mean, every scene had great stuff in it.

And it looks like it has heart.

And it's really...

It's written and directed by Phil or Chris Miller who did Clone High on MTV, which was a genuinely funny show.

Yeah.

So they're funny dudes.

Looks great.

That comes out before Magruber.

Before Magruber.

Yeah, I texted Keven Jorm and they wrote back Magruber's spring 2010.

Spring?

Why can't it be spring yet?

LAUGHTER Um.

Yeah, I think, I think cloudy is September.

September.

I think it's September 20 something.

I think like third week of September, look for that.

Zach, what do you have coming out?

You have G-Force, obviously, is number one.

You're cock of the walk.

You're walking around proud.

LAUGHTER You have hangovers still going strong.

Um.

What else?

Oh, you got your HBO show?

LAUGHTER You just signed with a Robert Downey Jr. film I saw.

LAUGHTER Do you have more between two ferns coming?

Yep.

Doing two of them.

Doing two of them today?

Yep.

We're filming two of them, but with top secret guests at a top secret location.

We don't tell who we're doing, right?

No, we don't.

It's going to be such a let down if it's Andy Zamberg and Andy Zamberg.

LAUGHTER Andrew, daily, what are you doing?

I don't know.

Kind of nothing.

Yeah.

You can see me at the Britt Cydons Brigade Theater doing the ask-cats.

Yeah, ask-cat.

You do it on Sunday or Saturday?

I do it on Saturdays mainly.

Saturday is- Oh, I'm going to be at the improv this Friday night.

No, Friday and the seventh.

No.

Yeah.

Next week, a week from tonight.

Week from tonight and the improv.

Yes, the Hollywood improv.

You spent it down coming back.

Sometime, maybe not in for a year.

Spring 2010.

Maybe summer 2010.

Maybe fall 2010.

They're doing a conjecture with the Grouber movie.

Yeah.

Yeah, whenever it's time to come out with the McGrouber movie, whenever that is.

I want to thank all of you.

This has been a really fun show and we'll see you next week .

And I have no one booked for that.

Oh, can I just say something real quick?

People should go YouTube, Arthur Cade.

K-A-I-D-K-A-D-E.

Arthur.

Arthur Cade.

Arthur.

It's a guy who's chronicling his rise to fame.

And he's an actor.

Oh, good.

And we should really look at it.

I've seen this guy.

Okay.

And we can catch him early in the rise to fame.

You can see him after.

He got his Botox in Joseph.

Oh, come on, man.

Get on board now.

You have to have to watch it.

Okay, that is the pick to click.

We should start doing picks to click.

Oh, I like that.

I like that.

I do a different name, though.

Oh, why?

Something more rhyming here.

More rhyme here.

Picks to clicks.

That's significantly more rhyming here.

Okay, you're right.

All right, thank you.

This has been Comedy Deathry.

I'm Scott Augerman.

And this is more of the Lonely Island.

We'll see you next week.

Woo!

Right now.

Now.
