You know him best as Ron Swanson. That's right, Nick Offerman from Parks and Rec is on the show today. We're gonna hear a lot about his background, a lot about his acting styles, all of that. Plus, an old favorite is gonna drop by and he's gonna let us know what he's been up to all year.

All of that and more, all on today's...

Reel it in, coach. It's about to get fancy.

You know what? Can I go, can I do that again? I got the boom. I feel like I was a little flat for just the last... Yeah, no problem. I mean, usually Reggie Watts does the theme song, but this week we have a special guest doing it. So yeah, can you try it one more time, please?

Yeah. Boom. All right. Here we go.

Would it be possible to just listen to Reggie Watts for the duration of this?

Let's do it. I would love to just play his special. We could just watch it.

Way better than anything I could shit out.

Well, you heard me mention his name. By the way, let me introduce myself. I am of course, Hans Osherman. And you heard me mention him. Thank you so much. We imported a crowd this week of one whistler and a thousand silent people and one guy who likes to curse. But you heard me mention his name. First, before I say I introduce him properly, let me say the cast phrase this week, reel it in coach. It's about to get fancy. That's from Colin Ryan. He submitted that. So thank you so much, Colin. And a special guest here today. We're going to learn all about him. And you know him from a show called Parks and Recreation, which some people shortened.

There he is again.

What can I say? Some people shorten it to Parks and Rec. I don't know. We'll get his stance on how he feels about that. You also know him from Children's Hospital and several other things. He tried to kill someone in Deadwood. Please welcome Nick Offerman.

Oh man. Where's that guy? Hello.

Quit fucking whistling. You shut up. They're having an argument in the crowd.

Welcome Nick. Thank you so much. Your first time on the program. Thank you for having me.

It is a pleasure to be sitting across the desk from you early morning.

Indeed. I've already been on a 90 minute hike in Griffith Park.

Really? You don't say. Where do you hike up there? And what time of the day?

I usually go at the crack of dawn. It's the only time I can fit it in. My best friend lives at the very east end of the park. So we start in that corner and hike up to the peak up above the observatory. Wow. I've never taken that route before. I used to hike there every day.

It's pretty badass. The first couple of times it seems insurmountable and then the third time you're like, oh, that was not actually that hard. The first two though.

Yeah. The first two are a bitch. And how often do you do it? Well, let's get really into your workout regime if we could. Specific.

I would like to do it three or four times a week, but it usually works out more like once or twice a week because of our sporadic shooting schedule. And you always do it with your friend?

By and large. Once in a while we go solo and then we text each other from the pinnacle.

And we text each other our time, our run time. 46 minutes, bitch.

Really? I'm team number one.

And who is she, your friend that you're calling bitch?

Bitch. His name is Pat. He's about to blow up all over the scene. He's an artist named Pat Roberts.

Really? Oh, okay. His art name is Pat Riot, which is a form of patriot.

I get that now if you take out the space. Yeah. He's a confederate thinker and he's having a big opening this weekend. That's right.

So be on the lookout for that. Pat Riot, you say.

Yeah. PopularVulture.com is his trip.

All right. Well, that does it for us. Thanks so much for coming in.

Thank you, Rylan and Coach. Life's a risk.

You know, I was doing a little bit of prep work for this chat that we were going to have today. So I went on to a website. It's at http://wikipedia.org slash Nick Offerman, I believe. Oh, right. I've heard of that.

Your website. And you know what I noticed is that we are born six days apart from each other.

No way. Yes.

That's crazy. Interesting. And you were born in, was it Iowa or? Illinois.

Illinois. Yourself?

Georgia. June 20th or July 2nd.

Yes. Crazy. Which makes me your elder.

That's right. So if you want to take me to task at all during this program, you're more than welcome to. I will.

Born in the... Sit up straight, son.

Born in the seventies, just missed the sixties by this much.

The sixties were a tumultuous time, weren't they?

From what I understand, yeah. I mean, we probably got some residua in the drinking water and we ate a fruit that was planted in the sixties.

Yeah, I can imagine.

That shit was delicious. As I recall, America was going through sort of an upheaval at the time.

And there were a lot of protests and a lot of people just re-examining the way they felt about the country. Yeah. I have since read of such information, but I grew up in such a cultureless small town in the middle of Illinois that I discovered The White Album in 1992 in Champaign-Urbana in college. Had you heard of The Beatles previous to this?

I had heard of The Beatles because there was that cartoon show.

Wait, are you thinking of the Harlem Globetrotters one?

No, I had heard of them as well from their animated work, as well as the Munchers.

As well as the Monkees.

The Monkees were not animated, I believe. But the Harlem Globetrotters, I believe Curly turned into Spaghetti?

Something like that, yeah.

Yeah, that was his superpower.

And wasn't there also, was the Shmoo on the Globetrotters at one point?

I believe they had separate shows, but same network maybe, NBC I would think.

Maybe.

If I'm recalling correctly.

Maybe there was some sort of battle of the Cartoon Network stars.

Saturday morning, cartoons were very important to me. Were they important to you?

That was all we had.

Yeah. I would get up when you would be doing a hike nowadays, but I'd get up then and just plop down in front of the TV, watch Super Friends, every Scooby-Doo.

It was amazing. The rest of our existence was bleak.

Because the 70s, we were basically taking all the lessons we learned from the 60s, and then you got Watergate.

Yeah. Which I was not directly involved in.

I really didn't hear about it till later.

I didn't really know what it was until maybe five years ago.

Have you ever, I'm still curious about certain aspects of Watergate.

Have you ever stayed at the Watergate Hotel in D.C.?

I have not, no.

It's, everyone should look it up online because it's the most fucked up Planet of the Apes architecture.

Yeah, I saw it in Frost Nixon. They shot, I didn't know if it was the real one or not, but yeah, that architecture is really interesting.

And you stayed there?

I did, yeah.

How many nights?

A few nights. My wife was singing at the Kennedy Center, and I had, I remember it very succinctly because I have a wood shop here in Los Angeles, and a very good friend of mine had sort of created the shop with me.

And he had just, he had just sort of thrown in the towel in Los Angeles and moved back to Wisconsin to teach theater school, which is charismatic and a noble thing of him to do. But for me, bereft of my best friend, I was completely heartbroken. And so I sat in these shows at the Kennedy Center listening to my wife sing, and somehow every lyric was about me losing my friend, and I sat there openly sobbing through like an entire weekend of Randy Newman songs.

Some would call their wife their best friend, but you?

I would absolutely call my wife my best friend, but...

We're kind of forced to, in a way. Society frowns on you if you don't call your wife your best friend now.

I suppose. I mean, I would say I know many married people who would not, who would sort of proudly say, no, that's not my goddamn best friend. But I feel lucky to say that my wife is my best friend. However, they have the term wife, so I then reserve best friend kind of for the silver medal winner.

Do you have a male best friend and a female best friend?

No, I have my wife. I mean, I think if you have your wife properly, you then don't have a female best friend. I mean, I don't know. Everyone has a different friend technique, but my best friends are guys.

I remember in Pretty in Pink, Ducky and Molly Ringwald were like best friends.

Well, I mean, you can have a gay best friend.

Wait, what are you saying about Ducky right now?

Well, he was not played by Charlie Sheen is what I'm saying about Ducky.

He did like to lip sync a lot.

I was working on a set yesterday and a motorcycle cop. People always think I'm a comedian from the Catskills for some reason. They're always like asking me for jokes. And this old motorcycle cop who was working security on the set says, hey, you got any jokes for me? I said, no, I don't. I'm not a joke teller. I admire joke tellers. And he said, I got a joke.

Cool. How many drugs did Charlie Sheen do? And I said, I don't know, how many? Enough to kill two and a half men.

I punched him in the face.

Really? Oh, wow. Just for talking to you? Not about the joke.

It was about the joke because Charlie Sheen is my female best friend.

Are you allowed to have a female best friend if she's a lesbian?

Yeah, I think so. Coincidentally, I have a shop manager who has become a very close friend at my furniture shop. And it is this incredibly powerful, small lesbian. And we're very good friends. And when I was looking for a shop manager and I had a meeting with her, I had to pretty quickly ascertain that she wasn't straight because, again, I handle my marriage properly.

I'm not going to sequester myself. For all hours of the day.

Yeah, in a sweaty wood shop with a viable sexual partner.

Let's talk about your wood shop. You say it's sweaty.

When it's warm out, yeah. Because it's hard work.

By and large, sure. I mean, it's work. It's not hard work like pouring concrete or fighting a war.

When did you get interested in, what do you call it, wood cutting or is it wood work?

Yeah, woodworking.

Was that something you grew up doing?

I grew up among tool users.

Craftsman?

Yeah, I mean, my dad was always a built furniture. But my uncles, our farmers, my grandfathers all taught me to use tools. And so when I got into the theater business, I was actually really bad at acting for years. But I could use tools. So people would have me around to build the scenery. And eventually, I became a little bit more decent at performing.

From watching them perform and learning tricks of the trade?

I think so. Or just becoming comfortable with myself and getting over the crap I learned in theater school. The stupidest thing.

What's the worst trick that you learned in theater school?

Well, the thing that I think is just dumb about acting class in general is when you get a textbook that has a technique in it or it breaks down, and it all makes sense. It's not quackery.

Cognitively, the theories make sense. But what it all really boils down to is that to be a good actor, you need to act naturally. You need to behave realistically in whatever situation you're conveying. And any class would put you into your head, and you're awash in a sea of objectives and tactics and techniques. I had to sort of shit all that out for four or five years and be like, oh, you mean I just need to be cool? Oh, okay.

And then I was fine. Wait, is that your acting style? You're cool?

Yeah, just whatever the scenario is. That's the Fonzie school of acting.

Just make sure I'm cool. A lot of banging on jukeboxes, a lot of talking to people in bathrooms. A lot of thumbs up and hair combing.

Wearing a windbreaker for a year and then switching to a leather jacket.

Yeah, whatever. That's cool. That's cool.

It's all right. Do you subscribe to the theory of that you should remain close to your own personality in roles?

It depends on the style of the piece, I think. I mean, I personally love transforming far away from myself. It's been funny because it's been peculiar. In my career, I've done a lot of really disparate things. I enjoy being unrecognizable. And now, the role that has finally gotten me some attention, people like to claim that I'm indistinguishable from Ron Swanson, which is a ridiculous supposition. I mean, I'm incredibly effeminate, for one thing, compared to Ron Swanson. Really? You've been using your Ron Swanson voice this whole show. I would love to hear your regular Nick voice.

All right. Here's just a little bit of where I come from.

You know, I think a lot of people say that you're so close to that character because they've incorporated some of your attributes. I mean, the woodworking, certainly, they've incorporated that into Ron Swanson. So, do people get confused because of that a lot, do you think?

Well, sure. I mean, and even the parts of me that are used for Ron Swanson are also the parts that are, you know, for example, my podcast voice is, you know, a mellow side of my personality, where I'm going to be speaking, you know, where it sounds sort of without inflection and humorless like Ron. When, you know, if we were hanging out at a party, our conversation would be much more varied and giggly. Let's do that. Let's hang out at a party.

We should. I would love to go to a party. I would love to get invited to a party.

Tell you what, let's just go to a party that we're not invited to.

Okay. You and me together.

Let's find one tonight. Let's party crash.

I would love to go to a party, perhaps where the Jonas Brothers are at.

Yeah. Big fan?

No. I'm talking about the movie Big Fan.

Yeah. Yeah. I am a big fan of- Yeah. Good movie.

The movie Big Fan.

I switched subjects in the middle there. Sorry.

I can jump over to Pet Noswalt's with pleasure. I'm a big fan of that guy.

So let's talk about parks and what do you call it? Rec or recreation?

I guess I call it parks and rec. I'm a fan of abbreviating this modern fad for abbreviations to an extent.

MI3?

MI3, I can get behind. LMFAO is a little much.

The band or the expression?

I didn't know there was a band.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. They sang, I'm in LA, bitch.

My wife and I are selectively Luddites. We don't do Facebook or Twitter.

We sort of eschew certain parts of where this wonderful information age is going.

And so we got our first computer in 2003.

And we still share an email address because we're best friends.

That is so cute.

And so we often feel like the older generation that jokes are made about.

Somebody told me the other day about a mom who didn't.

Oh, she thought LOL meant lots of love.

And she ended up sending someone an email, a condolence email about a funeral that was like, I'm so sorry about your dad. You know, we all come to our time in the end, LOL.

Oh, no.

And that could easily be my wife or I.

Did someone call that person on it? Like, why are you saying LOL? Or did someone...

That, I don't know.

Did she? Oh, God, I would love to know if she found out about it a year and a half later, like, wait, it means what? And then combed back through all of her emails, finding that one that she hasn't talked to in a year and a half. So yeah, let's talk about Parks and Rec.

You do play Ron Swanson. It's part of a wonderful cast, many of whom are favorites on this program.

Crazy cast. You have, from what I can tell, Amy Poehler, she's like a quarterback, right?

Very much so, yeah.

She's like a leader of the team, right?

She's a team captain, for sure. She brings the most skills. And she's sort of like, you know, somebody coming to a show like that from SNL...

What is SNL?

SNL is... Is that an abbreviation, dude?

Yeah. If Cordray was here, he'd say something really funny right now.

Let's get him. Let's go to the party with him.

To have the run that Amy had on SNL and then come to a show like ours, I sort of feel like we're playing college baseball and Amy played for the Red Sox for a few years and then now she's on our team.

And then she went back down to the minors, in other words?

In a way, or if there was a... Or maybe we're a Japanese team.

I like to think of it like that.

I don't want to be diminutive, certainly, about her show, but she...

Not sure you're using that word correctly, but I'll let it slide this time.

Diminishing, maybe?

Diminishing. I don't know.

You could be diminutive about it. I mean, she's a very diminutive person.

I'm really starting to see some crazy colors from these mushrooms.

You're starting to realize how many times you've used diminutive in an email.

Fuck. I thought diminutive meant...

Wait, what were we talking about? Oh yeah, Parks and Rec.

So Amy...

Yeah, she brings such a crazy bag of skills and tools combined with this incredible personality where she will be working 13, 14 hour a day and everybody's starting to get tired.

And Amy is improvising hip hop songs, just keeping everybody...

She's done that on this program.

...in a really good mood.

She's got such a wonderful light about her and such a pleasant person to be around.

Yeah, she's got sunshine coming out of her.

Have you ever seen her cranky?

Um, well, maybe on rare occasions when she's only human and she's got two small children and she's the lead and the producer of our show.

And so after she's had to be up all night for four nights in a row, she maybe just shows the slightest irritability.

But even then, she's such a quarterback that she'll be irritable and then she'll call herself on it and then do something funny about it. She's incredible.

Moving on to the cast, you have a bunch of other people. And then you...

A bunch of other people whose work, I would say, is diminutive.

Is diminutive, one...

How did you...

I remember the audition process for that show because my wife...

You're talking about your wife a lot. I have one too, all right?

You're not the only one.

Your wife's a hilarious laugh riot.

Yes, a pat riot. But she auditioned for that show, as did a lot of people in the comedy scene when that show came out. What was your experience like for it?

Because the role is so closely associated with your personality and they base so much of it on you, was it a role that they wrote for you or was it just they took a look at a lot of people for that kind of position?

It was pretty crazy. I was reading for another part that ended up sort of becoming Paul Schneider's part named Mark Brindanowicz. At the time I was reading for it though, it was a slightly different character and it seemed like it was going great and they had me do a chemistry read with Rashida because it was going to end up being a...

Romantic.

Yeah, romantic.

That would be crazy.

And it was a much younger, somebody more like our age and it was more of a giggly, normal, sarcastic guy and everything was going great until they showed a tape to NBC and NBC said, uh, no, we said handsome. We said handsome guy.

And they told you that?

True story.

NBC sent you an email saying that?

They did. No, they called me in and sat me down.

And we're your elders.

They set up a mirror.

Much like Jesse for the time.

Yeah. But the, so that came to a screeching halt and it was, I was in a big five sporting goods parking lot when I got this call that it's over with this part and I was really crushed.

And by the time I had gone into the store, bought a couple of jock straps. That's right.

Black jock straps.

Black? Wait a minute. They make those in black?

Oh yeah.

Here, check it out.

Whoa. Um, zip.

By the time I got back out to my car, my, uh, my manager called and said, okay, Greg Daniels, um, and Mike sure have, they really want you on the show.

And they have this other part for Amy's boss.

And they were like, they were just making it up as they went along.

And I think that they had initially thought he would be older.

But they really wanted me on the show. And so as a saving throw, they turned in the part to NBC with my name on it. And then that began five, the five months of auditioning that I had to do.

Wow. To get the part that they created for you.

Yeah. I mean, it was, it was not conceived of, uh, initially for me, but then it quickly became me in their heads. Then NBC said, okay, we would like to give Nick this role, but first we would like to spend five months auditioning every other dude in town. So I actually, I did a great job.

You learn in the harsh, you know, uh, world of pilot season to just let go of the, the more exciting something is, the more you ignore, right. That you might potentially get the job.

And so I did a really, I've learned through so much pain to let go of it. And so everywhere I would go in town, people would talk to me about this part because they had, they'd be like, oh my God, did you read for that part? I did. It's the greatest part. And I'd be like, yeah, no, yeah, I heard about that. Oh, good luck. All right. Take it easy.

Did you ever say to anyone, it's my part?

No, I didn't. Um, because I would have to say it, it would be terrible karmically and right.

And it would be jinxing myself. I was doing, uh, the monologues at ask cat right around improv show at UCB that some people have seen. And, um, I, yeah, sorry if that was presumptuous.

Um, it was a little demeaning. I want to say diminutive is a tough word for me to say. I have to say, you know, I'm going to, I'm going to hear about that tonight. Um, or in January, yeah, we're going to be at the party and I'm going to rub it in, you know, those diminutive Jones brothers. Um, I, uh, I was doing the, the ask cat show and all of these great comedy veterans in town are sitting there doing the show. And somebody says, uh, oh man, did you guys hear about, you know, man, Zoukas is pilot and blah, blah, blah. That's super funny. And then, and then Matt Walsh says, forget about that. Who's getting that part of Amy's boss? And everyone's like, Oh my God. And all these guys were like, yeah, I read twice. Oh, they had me back in, you know, just in the whole room was so excited talking about who's going to get this part. I went out and I went outside and stood on the sidewalk and like silently cried. It was like, I can't even, uh, I'm so for clamped. I don't, I can't say anything to these guys that I think it's, you know, like, I think I'm getting that part. You guys, you're at least defending the role.

Yeah. I haven't heard from anybody, but, and so it just, it was a crazy long process. Finally, you know, in like February or March, Amy had had her baby and, and, uh, production was going to get started. So everybody came to town, Amy came to town and they had me come in and improvise with her and they taped that. And so at the end of the five months, they only turned in a tape of me and Amy improvising. No tapes from any other candidates, you mean, or they only tested me at the end of the grueling. It was so crazy. So when Mike sure called me and said that I got the job, I, I was like, okay, I'm going to keep talking to you, but I'm going to just openly like sob about this whole conversation for like half an hour. I just cried my eyes out. Wow. It was very happy. You cry a lot.

I do mention three times. That's another huge difference between Ron Swanson and myself who has only cried twice in his life. Yeah. You openly weep and, uh, you're in touch with your feelings.

You're I am. I'm, I'm a, you know, I'm a human being. You're an artist. You're a sensitive artist.

You know what I mean? I wouldn't go that far, but I'm, I'm, I'm a sensitive person.

I apologize. Aspiring artist. All right. Tell you what, why don't we take a break? Uh, when we come back, we're going to have more, uh, here with, uh, Nick Offerman. Uh, we're going to talk more.

I mean, I want to really get into your past and, and, you know, the whatever pain lurks there and, uh, just really get into it and figure out some stuff. If you don't mind. I've been to jail.

Reel. Oh, you don't say I've been in jail. Okay. Well, we'll talk about that. Let's take a break.

This is comedy bang bang. We'll be right back.

My heart. I knew you were a holter-maniac right from the very start, right from the start.

You were my friend. This is not the end. When the holster comes to heaven, heaven, heaven, heaven, we'll tag up again, again, again.

Our friends in the end. I'll see you again.

Uh, am I on? It didn't seem as loud to me. Are we live? Are we, is this whole thing been live?

Uh, welcome back to comedy bang bang. Of course. I'm here with Nick Offerman. He, uh, uh, teased a little bit about, uh, telling a story about being in jail. I would love to hear that story if you have time. Oh boy. If you have time. I, uh, I've, I've, I was in jail twice in, uh, Urbana, Illinois.

The first one, uh, the first time was the result of a hilarious practical joke.

My best friend and I, um, would steal, we got into shoplifting in a really mundane way. Um, we, we would steal things to make each other laugh. Nothing was more hilarious than walking out of the drug store and me pulling out like a pack of tampons. What's up, Joe? You know, so stupid. And, uh, so that we were in like a Kmart and I saw the ultimate prize for this particular prank. So I walked out of the Kmart with, uh, like eight Ronnie Millsap cassettes in my jeans. Hey, is that eight Ronnie Millsap cassettes in your jeans? Uh, and unbeknownst to me, Kmart is like the shoplifting headquarters of the nation. And yeah, it's like a trap there.

Yeah. And I'm basically sting operation. Basically when, uh, it is, it's a, it's a, uh, it's, it's the fly paper of, um, of low end department stores and the security officer, once I had been apprehended and hauled back in, uh, in front of all the school children, the guy showed me that I'd like stood in front of the two way mirror basically and jammed these things in my jeans.

It was so stupid. And could they sell them after that? After they've been so close to your private?

That's a very good question. I mean, I, I think they were, uh, they weren't terribly soiled. Um, they were still in the cellophane wrapper. Oh, okay. That's, that's all right then. Seem to, yeah, I don't know. So I went to jail, um, for that and it ended up being just some community service, which I worked out at the, uh, humane society. How old were you? Wrangling puppies.

Um, this was last week. Oh, okay. No, this was, I was, um, that's probably 20, you know, 19 or 20.

So you're not a, not a, uh, uh, minor anymore. Right. It was just the beginning of college and, uh, it was pretty intense. This was the eighties. People have to remember. Yes. Yeah. Um, and that, but that was, that was one of the first wake up calls I had that I was not as quite as savvy as I thought. What was the second time you were in jail? The second time was, um, this is, I'm going to, uh, out myself a little bit of smoking a little bit of weed with a friend of mine. This is about, this would have been about, been about 92. No way. Yeah. And there was, there was a community theater in Urbana, um, that did really nice work called the station theater. And out behind the theater was a creek with a weird little, uh, pipe going across it that was a bridge or you could sit on it. It was an idyllic place like Potsy to sit and say, fire up a one hitter. And, uh, so my friend Greg, who has changed his name to Gregor Mortis since, um, friends in their pseudonyms, Gregor Mortis and I were sitting out there and he had just gotten a new like one hitter dug out, you know, is the greatest object you can buy when you're 20. So we had done a play that night. We're sitting out there getting high. We heard some weird noises from across the creek, some power tools, kind of strange for like 11 PM, but we didn't think too much about it because we were stoned.

And, um, a little bit later, there are some flashlights over there and there's a big, there's a building over there. And then we're, we were like, Hey, what's going on over there?

Light show.

Lights. And then there's lights in the creek. And then we see that the flashlights belong to police officers. And we're like, Oh dude, let's, uh, let's amscray. What tickles? Buzz, dude.

And so we tiptoe back towards the theater. And of course the police are shout out, Hey, Hey, hang on. What are you doing? And they come and we take off running.

Were they looking for you?

They apparently were. They chased, they chased us into a parking lot, tackled us.

But I mean, were they looking for you? Is that why they were in the creek?

Yeah. Well, they were looking for, it turned out once we had been tackled and had guns in our faces, when like boots on our heads, they were looking for the people who had used power tools to break into the restaurant across the creek and steal $20,000 in that night's take or something.

It was all rather dubious. So the question remained of why was there so much cash in this restaurant for, that someone knew to steal? But anyway, this, this crazy theft had gone on.

That you were not a part of as far as people know.

Yeah. But was within earshot. And we, you know, so we, then we went to jail. We, we spent a considerable, basically the whole night.

Why did you, I'm sorry to interrupt, but why did you go to jail? Did you have your drugs on you?

No.

You didn't toss them in the creek or what?

No, they, they would not believe that.

You were not the people.

And so they separated us in the sheriff's station.

Wow. Did you get, go into the interrogation room?

We did. And they, they spent a long, a long time that night, you know, checking our stories.

And we both fortunately just kept saying, you know, no, we were just out there smoking cigarettes, but we also kept saying, why would we, why would we be like, whenever this robbery happened, why would we be sitting in the creek an hour and 20 minutes later?

You know? Right. Did you say we heard the robbery?

We did. Yeah. I mean, we, you know, the, the problem was we were such lame young white dudes that we should have just said, we were out there getting high. And so we were freaked out because we saw cops, but we didn't want to cop to smoking weed.

I wonder if they would have charged you for the, for the weed, if you had copped to it.

Yeah, I wonder. So, so finally they decided to let us go. It was about sunrise and we walked out at the sheriff's station and my friend, we were like, that was insane. And we, you know, we had our stories to share and like, oh, this dude was on acid and the holding cell and it was all freaky.

And, and I said, man, thank God we didn't get busted. You know, we would have gotten thrown out of college and, and Greg was like, yeah, thank God they didn't find this. And he, he had his dugout crotch to the whole time. He was like, man, I just bought this. I wasn't going to ditch it.

And so then we like fired up a one-header.

And then listen to Ronnie Millsap tapes that had been next to yours. That's right.

Wow. Um, those are great stories. So, but since then the, the straight and narrow.

I've stayed, I've stayed, managed to stay out of the pen, out of the joint.

Very good. All right. Well, are you ready to get to our next guest? Um, I'm sure you know this guy.

We've been, oh my God, we've been staring at him. I'm a huge fan as am I. He's been on the show before. And, uh, you of course know him, uh, Oscar nominated maybe from sideways. I think, certainly, certainly. Can I take the muzzle off Scott? Yeah. Sorry to keep you in that. I, uh, it's, uh, you know, we, we don't like a lot of crosstalk. Yeah. Well, I understand somebody's going to have the floor and it's not Paul Giamatti. Paul Giamatti, by the way, is, is here. Paul Giamatti. Oscar nominated. I don't even know. Yeah. Oscar nominated. Thanks for rubbing it in.

Rubbing it in. How is that? That's just naming one of your accomplices. Well, the only thing I ever won was a golden fucking globe. Ah, for what, what was that for? In a sag award.

For, for, uh, being a cast of sideways or. Yeah. Well, no, no, actually for, for not doing a movie.

They gave me a golden globe for not doing a movie in 2009. Wow. Nick, have you ever met, uh, Paul Giamatti? I actually have. Uh, you probably don't remember. It was on the F train. I approached you, um, at the end of a car. Oh yeah. I remember. Yeah, sure. That's generous. But I mean, it was before, um, you probably aren't a big TV watcher anyway, but. Before you were on Barks and Rec?

It was. Yeah. It was probably about four or five years ago. You had done the film, the great film, uh, I consider your finest film, the Hawk is Dying, uh, which is a little known Sundance movie by a guy named Julian Goldberger. Um, it's really. Yeah. Well, I appreciate it. I didn't get a goddamn dime for the whole fucking thing. No, no, that didn't. But I'm glad that I could inspire somebody on the F train to go take a part that was made for me later on, a few years later.

Yeah. I'm one of the poor saps that auditioned for Ron Swanson. You are really? Oh, wow. You auditioned for Ron Swanson? Yes. I went through it. I did 12 callbacks. Ah, that must be so hard for you to listen to this story then. Wow. That is crazy. Yeah. 12 callbacks. Do you remember, uh, what kind of unique spin, what kind of Giamatti spin you put on the roll? Sure. I used to, I used to come back in after they were like, thank you. We'll see you again.

And after the 10th time or so, I would start banging on the goddamn door and say, please, please, you're all fired. The parks aren't working out. They didn't fucking go for it.

They wanted somebody shuttle, huh? It's, it's, they didn't want that Giamatti charm, that Paul Valentine Giamatti magic. That's my middle name born with it. Paul Valentine Giamatti.

I did not know that. You wouldn't because I'm not attractive enough to be able to say that very often. Did you ever go for the other role that Nick was going for the, uh, the handsome lead tested with Rashida? His name was Josh. Josh. Yeah. Did you ever go out for Josh? No, but I stole a couple of scripts and tried to rewrite them by hand and turn them into a, a little pig of a man.

Yeah. And see if I could slip it back in the audition room and they didn't fucking go for it.

God fucking damn it. Is that usually the kind of roles that, that you get, you read a script and it says a little pig of a man and. Well, if it, if it doesn't, I try to get it punched up that way.

Yeah, that's tough. It's tough to be, Nick, it's tough to be tight cast as an actor, wouldn't you say? It is. It's, uh, I think it's going to be hard for me in the future to get out of, from under the shadow of my own mustache. Well, you could just shave the mustache though.

I mean, what can Paul Giamatti do? That's true. Oh, well, well, you know, I'll have, you know, I am working. Yeah. I did see you in a couple of movies this year. Win-Win was one of my favorites.

Well, it was more of a draw for me. Good one. And also, also the Ides of March. Nick, you saw that as well, right? I did. Yeah. I thought you were great in that. Well, thanks. I'm glad that I was able to pull off the performance, you know. You were playing a very Paul Giamatti-esque part.

Yeah, I was, yes, I was, I was the bad guy. I was representing evil, but you know, my part was supposed to be twice as long. Unfortunately, they were filming on the Ides of March.

The 15th? And a group of Roman senators came in and stabbed me. What? I was stabbed during the filming of the Ides of March, on the Ides of March. What are the odds? Wow, by Roman senators too. Did they make the trip from Rome? They were contemporary Roman senators in Silvio Berlusconi's party and he was there too. And they were stabbing me because they thought it was an insult to the Italian people that Paul Valentine Giamatti would play in the Ides of March. Cluny's got, he's always got Italian diplomats around the set. Plus he's always pranking people on the set. I don't know that this isn't a classic Cluny prank. Oh, he started it. He had a little fakey knife, one of those that retracts. But that was the cue. That was all the Italians needed. He is hilarious.

I wish I'd seen him stab you. That would have been really funny. Maybe in the deleted scenes?

Oh, no. Oh, no. They put it all in there. Every fucking stab. All the Easter eggs.

Click on any part of the Ides of March and you get to see Paul Giamatti with another knife somewhere.

Wow, that's crazy. And you can't tell which ones are fake and which ones are real.

Paul, you've been acting for a long time. I mean, probably. Thank you. Thank you. Probably longer than Nick here, I would say. Yeah, probably. Probably so. I was an actor in the Yale theater program. Really prestigious. Most people have a wonderful, promising career as soon as they come out of it. I mean, your career has been good. I mean, you were in private parts playing, what was your part in that? Pig vomit. Oh, right. Pig vomit. Pig vomit. Thanks for bringing it up.

Scott Ackerman, the podcasting king. Hang on. Hang on. Here's pig vomit. Well, you don't have to get into the whole brain. So now you're Howard Stern. There's always a Stern figure in my life.

Look, what I'm trying to get to is that Nick was involved in stagecraft for a while before he got into acting. And perhaps you could give him some pointers as kind of his elder acting. For instance, is there anything you've been watching, Nick, as a Paul Giamatti fan?

Would you consider yourself to be a fan? Absolutely, yeah. I think he's one of the best working actors today. I really appreciate that, Nick. In his genre. Yeah. I mean, he's one of the most naturalistic small pig-like men, I think, in the business. Well, thanks. So now I'm getting it from all sides. Even my biggest fans. Well, I mean, none of us expects you to go on and do, say, a Robert De Niro type role. I mean, maybe a Robert De Niro in Raging Bull, the fat parts, maybe. But I mean, no one expects you to really be a leading man, like a cloning.

I'm hoping to book the part of the punching bag in the remake of Raging Bull.

That's a good role. Well, you know, I've been in New York, actually, for the last few months.

Oh, really? Oh, yeah, I have. I was in, well, it's been tough. It's been tough. Broadway isn't what it used to be. Oh, yeah. Nick, you ever been on Broadway? I've been on Broadway on the Upper West Side. There's the Papaya hot dog place. Papaya King. Just down the street from our studios now, the new one. Oh, OK. Yeah. Yeah, I've had some of their juices. But never acted. No, I've not acted. I've been on the... You know, what's real nice is to get one of those Papaya King juices.

And you just crawl up right there under the front of the building at one of those big Broadway theaters. And you just pour a little bit of vodka into it. And you just sit there with a script of the Iceman coming. And you pass out right there in a pool of pineapple, vodka, and script pages blowing in the wind. Yeah. And then you get hauled in by the NYPD. Have you been arrested too? Nick was just telling us stories about... I was arrested for how bad my performance was and anything goes.

Ah, I remember that one. Yeah, I might have pressed charges myself. But is there anything you can tell, any kind of like secrets, acting secrets that you can talk to Nick about? I mean, you know, we're all learning, right? Yeah, well, sure, you know. We're not at the end of this process of... No, it's a craft that you can continue to improve on until the grave. Much like woodworking, I would imagine. I mean, you get better and better at that, right? That's a very astute point, Scott.

Thank you so much. And sometimes a great craftsman may make some wonderful little woodworks that people use for doorstops. He's making things like canoes and... Yeah, I mean, it would be it would be kind of awkward to use a canoe as a doorstop. Maybe though. I don't know. I can see.

I mean, it depends on how big your door is. If it's like a real craftsman, you know, wide door.

Yeah. Odin perhaps would use one of my watercraft as a doorstop. I'd like to think that he would.

Or a paperweight. Are you working on a Norse mythology project? Well, you know, some of our Norse forefathers were the greatest boat builders, you know, centuries before the invention of the astrolab and other navigation tools. I wouldn't know anything about it. The closest I ever came with the closest I ever came was was playing Vulcan in an Aristophanes play with a big old mask on it that just had an X over it. Wow. That's the great mask that Paul Giamatti gets. Don't look.

As if the mask wasn't enough.

Well, what kind of tips can you give? Well, you know, I learned, you know, I learned it all.

You know, you're a professional and I respect your craft. I mean, I've always been a Meisner fan.

What's his name? Harold Meisner? Sandy Meisner. Sandy Meisner. I don't know where I got Harold from. I think it's good to do exercises like that to get in the moment, you know, just going back and forth. I do that sometimes. Do you ever do any exercises? Yeah, I think, I think that's more effective at sort of breaking down your walls. And I got a whole lot of them. Whole lot of walls, whole lot of blocks. Yep. Every day. Yeah. I mean, I can imagine with growing up with the constraints of your body, you had to overcome a lot of, you must have a lot of walls. You must have a lot of emotional walls, a lot of physical walls. Yeah. Well, yeah. There's some hemmed in from all sides.

Yeah. They didn't bet on Paul Giamatti early on. No. I was the guy at Yale that everybody shit on.

Okay. I was the one in skull and bones that they let in just so they could kick me around and lock me in the coffin while I was jacking off. Really? You were in skull and bones? I was in skull and bones. John Kerry and George W. Bush were kicking me into the coffin, kicking me around in skull and bones. Wow. That's what Paul Giamatti gets, even in the elite fraternity of the entire fucking empire. I'm the one that gets dumped in a bucket of butter. Well, this, this is getting interesting.

So did you have anything to do with the events of September 11th? Oh, did I have? Nope. I tried. I asked. I knew they were going to do it. I said, let me in. I'll fly a fucking plane into the goddamn Broadway theater. Broadway theater. But they wanted to, they, I said- They thought the twin towers were a better target. They didn't like my fucking targets. I said, we should attack Hollywood and the people who've held back Paul Giamatti for so long. And they said, no, no, no, no.

Go back in your bucket of butter, butter boy. Wow. That's sad to hear. But I'm still open. If there's any false flag events that anyone wants to pull off and you'd like to direct them at anybody in the entertainment fucking industry, Paul Giamatti is open and ready for work. And I have a SAG card that I will be renewing soon. Oh, good. Congratulations. That's so nice. I just need one job. One more job this year. A lot of people would say- I can't justify it. Starring in two movies, Win-Win and The Ides of March, you would like be set for life. But no, it's a- No, the deals I got to cut are not my favorite, but definitely.

It's tough to keep those points up every year.

Do you get the insurance? Do you still have insurance? SAG insurance?

No, they actually make me get an outside insurance. I have to have a cash bond at all times.

I'm so sorry. On your person?

On my person.

Just in case you keel over?

Well, that's what happened and anything goes. I knocked the ship over on the set.

I was there with my sailor suit, doing a tap dance, and I knocked over the anything goes boat.

Oh, that's such a rough thing to hear. Hey, you know what I would love to hear is- I would love to hear kind of a- I don't know if you guys are interested in this or if this is even a term, but a Swanson off. Do you know what I'm saying? I would love to hear just kind of the two different versions- I had a good read.

Yeah, what it could have been. So Nick, maybe you could say one of your famous lines, or perhaps approximate a scene. You can pretend I'm Amy, or Aubrey, or any of the fine people on the show, and just do sort of a monologue, and then we'll kind of hear Giamatti's version of it.

Would that be possible at all?

Hmm, gosh. Yeah, I'll try and shit out a little bit of that. Take myself into- We're in California, so I have to get into my Indiana groove.

My Indiana groove. Well, maybe if you're going to shit it out, maybe Giamatti has a chance.

Tortoise in the hair!

I'll be judging this, and I'll decide it basically on a series of criterion. Realness, and also depth of emotion, and also flair. I'll be judging it on flair, and je ne sais quoi.

Okay, so those are the four criterion, and I'll assign points after. Are you ready, by the way?

So je ne sais quoi.

Yeah. Flair.

Flair.

Realness.

Depth of emotion.

Jesus Christ, it's not going to go up. Can you put a category in there for baldness?

I don't know. It seems to me like you'd have the edge in that one.

Just give me a boost.

All right, we'll have a possible baldness boost if I see exactly how bald you are.

How about pity?

Pity, huh.

How about salivating?

Salivate.

You've definitely got the edge in spitting.

Some flying over your way.

I am getting a little moist over here, but I've always looked up to an actor with the courage to spit white flecks of saliva all over the camera or the first couple of rows of audience.

I am a classically trained actor.

And you are well enunciated, sir.

A lot of people don't have the courage to speak that well.

No, they don't.

They hide behind their own indecisive words.

Oh, yeah. When Churchill gave his famous speech, when the Germans took France, it wasn't Churchill doing it. It was an actor.

It was a fucking actor.

You don't say.

I do say.

You don't say.

And I say it loudly.

All right, Negar, are you ready for this Swanson off?

Yeah, sure. I will deliver.

I think this is what Ron Swanson would consider appropriate for one to carry in their motor vehicle.

There are very few things fully necessary to carry in the glove compartment or trunk of a motor vehicle. A hatchet, a jack, and a lug wrench, an axe, a small shovel, some flares, any type of gasoline or black powder, and one of those reflective blankets or some sort of animal pelt if you find yourself caught in uncomfortable, cold temperatures. That is it.

Very nice. By the way, I want to congratulate you. I think all good monologues end with that is it.

That's it. That's it, folks.

All right, let's judge you on this. You know what? I'm going to save the judging.

Yeah, well, I don't know. Should I do the judging now?

And then it'll give him an idea of where he needs to overcome, the point totals he needs to overcome.

Yeah, sure. Give me an idea of what I need to do.

Okay, great. Set the bar.

Here we go. On realness, I don't think it gets more real than that. I mean, you are the creator of the role. I believed it the entire time.

So I'm going to give you a 10 out of 10 for realness.

Thank you.

Depth of emotion. This one's a little tricky because I can tell that you feel strongly about these subjects. But also, and the character is not one to bear his soul. But I think that there could be some room for Paul to overtake you. So I'm going to give you a four out of five on that one, if that's okay.

Fair enough.

Oh, wow. Okay.

Hey, star is dwindling.

All right. And for flair, it was flashy. You did say that is it at the end, which I give you extra credit for. We'll see if Paul Giamatti can do that. But for flair, I am going to give you three stars.

All right. Before you write that down, I want to remind you that I had a couple small gestures with my right hand as well.

Yes, three and a half stars out of three and a half stars.

Thank you.

Very good.

Oh, so he gets to prime the judge, huh?

No. This is really where you're going to be hit. I'm so sorry. And you could feel it, right?

Oh, sure.

Yeah. So Jeanne Sequa, I'm going to give you a fair rating.

I can take a beating.

All right. So we have a- You're a real scumbag, Offerman. Wow. You're a real fucking scumbag.

Is this part of the monologue?

You're going to come in here. You're going to come in here. You too, Offerman. You know what?

Is this part of it or in the middle of the Swazenov?

You bring me in. You bring me in here. You lead me in with a hook in my nose, and you put a muzzle on me so I can't talk for half the thing.

And then I'm here as the fucking punchline.

You're not a punchline. I think you can overcome this. I mean, look, realness, you're probably not going to win on that. Depth of emotion, there's a lot of wiggle room there.

Yeah, well, that's a really, really deep well of darkness down here.

Let me just tell you, if you can tap into the Jeanne Sequa, then you might win this thing.

Now, what is that?

You know, it's just, you know- No, I don't. What is the Jeanne Sequa?

No, it's Jeanne Sequa.

Is that what's keeping me from success?

Maybe.

Tell me what the fuck it is.

Is it like a form of panache?

I don't know. It's just, you know when you see it.

I think it's French, Paul.

It's French. Well, sure. Okay. Well, where does that get me?

Back in the parish?

I mean, when you played- To get slapped around with a bunch of baguettes?

When you played John Adams, you encountered a lot of French.

Yeah, but I did it all phonetically.

Okay. All right. Like a monkey would.

So here we go.

They kept me in a cage when I was filming John Adams.

Really?

Just like they did in Planet of the Apes, because I got mixed up and I got herded in with the apes.

God, you've had a rough go of it here in Hollywood, I have to say.

All right, so are you ready to give us a little bit of your, give us a monologue. It doesn't have to be the monologue that he gave, but- No, I'll do the one that I, yes, I remember every audition.

Okay, so this is- I remember every single one.

And this is exactly where I went from.

This is actually your audition?

This was the audition for the part.

All right, here we go.

So hey, I just want everybody to know that it's as hard as it is to be here in this office, with everything, everything the way it is, fucking.

God damn it, you can't say that on television.

Things aren't going the way we want it to, but what I'm saying is that we're people here, and you know, the thing about people is that even if the entire city is bankrupt, even if people are getting fired and everything's incompetent, don't blame me, okay?

If I don't blame you, don't blame me.

We'll get through this together because we've got to think positively.

We fucking got to think positively.

And what do we do when we think positively?

We love each other, okay?

So please, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, please, just, please, please, please.

Amy, Amy, I love, I just, Amy, please look at me in the face.

Amy, I would do anything.

I would let, I would, Amy, I would let you sit on me and watch television.

I would bow down.

I would bow down with a chicken leg in my mouth while you sat on me and watched television.

Please, don't, please, no, lock the door, lock the fucking door.

Lock the fucking door.

I bow fucking to you.

I mean, God damn it, that's not the character.

You know what?

Don't have anything inappropriate here.

Oh, Jesus fucking Christ.

Did I, did I lose it?

Is that it?

I lost it?

You're all fucking, oh, he's on his laptop.

Oh, great, okay, it looks like, oh, it's fucking fantastic.

And see, that was, that's what I, that's what I brought to us.

Oh, all right, great, huh, interesting.

I mean, that's definitely a different take on the character.

Yeah, I feel, honestly, I feel really lucky that I, I came out ahead.

Well, let's, let's grade this.

First of all, points for calling Amy by her real name and not her character name.

She was in the room.

That took balls.

Yeah, I mean, that's a bold choice.

Well, it didn't take balls because I was born with ambiguous genitalia.

Oh, I had no idea.

We'll get into that on another show, I think.

Well, the surgery, the surgery, they tried to correct it when I was younger and they made it worse.

It's more ambiguous than it was when I was born.

Also, you curse.

I don't even have an X or a Y chromosome.

I've got a Q and a W.

You curse, I noticed you curse during the scene and then commented on it saying you can't say that on television, which I think if they had kept that in the show would have been a very curious.

It's a very meta approach.

Well, I was trying to win the room over and then win the room.

That's what GM audio always says.

I'm afraid I'm going to have to dock you points for not concluding with that is it, which is, of course, the traditional classical way to end a monologue.

That wasn't my take on it.

I know, but- That wasn't my fucking take.

Are you saying that everybody should do, if I have to do Hamlet the way Kenneth Branagh does Hamlet?

No.

Just act, my dear boy.

Famous acting story.

Anyway, so let's grade you here.

Realness, there's just no way to beat Nick at realness, but you were close.

I'm going to give you an eight out of 10 for realness.

Eight out of 10.

Great.

We're on even numbers.

Depth of emotion.

This is where you really shine.

I really felt really like you were a tragic figure.

Really, you were a pitiable, just I had a lot of contempt for you.

If Parks and Recreation was an honest reflection of American society, they would have the guts to have somebody like me who reflects how sick this country is.

So I'm going to give you a five out of five on that, so congratulations.

Oh, I see.

So when the points are low, I get all of them.

And when there's a high number of points in play, I get some of them.

For Flair, it's a dead heat for Flair.

Would you agree, Nick?

I would absolutely agree.

So three and a half stars for Flair, congratulations.

Thanks, wait a second.

He got four out of five.

No, no, he got three and a half out of three and a half.

Three and a half.

Yeah, perfect score for both of you for Flair.

Oh, fantastic.

Yeah.

So Je ne sais quoi.

Come on, Frenchy.

Come on, Parrish, don't let me down.

I'm afraid I'm going to have to give you a poor for Je ne sais quoi.

Come on, God damn it.

Which has, of course, been your downfall your entire career.

I don't have the Je ne sais quoi.

So sorry.

So it looks to me like, Nick, scoring traditionally, you are the winner.

Wow, by a nose.

By a nose.

However, there's a little something that I call a baldness boost that comes into play.

Hold on a second.

Wait a second.

We got a baldness boost up in this mug.

Oh yeah.

You mean, hold on, we get to sing the parade.

Hold on.

How long, Bailey?

They're going to send me a parade.

Hollywood's open for business.

Baldness boost, but unfortunately, that does not take you over the top.

Nick Offerman, you are a winner in the Swanson Off.

Congratulations.

What the fuck?

How much was it?

How many points did I get?

I was behind by a nose.

It's just a fraction, a baldness boost.

It's really just like a 0.001.

It's more like a baldness dump.

Plus, you don't have a mustache.

And to me, Ron Swanson, he has a mustache.

You know what I mean?

Oh, I have more than a mustache.

I have a shitty looking goatee.

Well, I'm so sorry that, Paul Giamatti, you lose out again.

Oh, you can't grow hair on your chin?

Well, it was...

Pussy?

You're a fucking pussy.

Grow some hair on your chin and then come talk to me.

Get some chops, you little son of a bitch.

Well, guys, that was fantastic.

That was exciting.

It was a master class.

It was an honor.

Yeah, it was an honor for you.

It was an honor for you and you know what?

History will prove me right.

I shouldn't be surprised.

As long as history is not written by the winners.

Well, that was fantastic.

Thank you so much, guys, for indulging me.

I think that we only have time for one more thing here on the program and that is a little something that we like to call Plugs.

That is How I Plugged Your Mother by Yodham Perrell.

Yodham Perrell.

I sincerely pray I'm pronouncing your name correctly because you went to all that trouble of making us a Plugs theme.

Well, why don't I just pronounce it in several different ways?

That would be good.

Let's, you and me, Nick, why don't we kind of alternate on this?

I would say it's possibly it's Yodham Perrell.

Yodham Perrell.

Yatam Perrell.

Yutam Perll.

Sylvester Pirelli.

Arthur Fonser Pirelli.

Yotam Perll.

Yo!

Tamperial.

I think the correct pronunciation was definitely amongst those choices.

Thank you so much, whatever your name is.

That was great.

That's, of course, if you have a theme song for the What's Up Hot Talk Memorial Plugs section, please go to yourwolf.com, to the Comedy Bang Bang thread on the message board, and post it in the appropriate thread, and you can have your song played on this very program.

And thank you so much.

That was a really great one.

So I'm going to turn to Nick here.

What do you have to plug?

I would imagine...

Well, my wood shop, OffermanWoodshop.com has a couple cute little items available for Christmas for that special woodworker in your life.

We have caps, t-shirts, and then OffermanWoodshop mustache comb, which we're very proud of.

And how much business do you do?

I mean, it has to have increased since the show.

We have a steady trickle of business happening over at the shop.

And what is the cheapest item that you sell?

The mustache comb is $13,000, but we have a limited edition where you can get your loved one's initials branded in it for $17,325.

Fantastic.

How much would something like a boat cost?

Or a rocking chair?

You know, sincerely, if you want a boat or a rocking chair, you need to negotiate a price with Lee, the aforementioned kick-ass lesbian.

Tiny, compact, energetic lesbian.

Yeah.

She's actually a much greater woodworker than I am.

You don't say.

Because she is practicing it full-time.

You're doing it on breaks.

I'm the jerk paying the rent, and I'm like, hey, let me try that out.

Do you work on every piece that goes out of the shop?

Absolutely not.

Many of the pieces I design, and Lee and a couple of the other guys make them, but we're trying to keep the shop operating.

Sometimes people want something that I've made personally, and we tell them to go suck some donkey balls, because that's not going to happen.

David Letterman recently was very upset that I would not negotiate to build him a canoe.

Really?

And I said, Dave, I just don't have time to make you a goddamn canoe.

Was this on the program?

It was.

You had this conversation?

It was on the program, and he was quite upset.

How do you turn down David Letterman?

It was tough.

It's a funny life.

It's what they call a champagne problem.

Yeah, that's true.

Do you think you can craft anything out of wood?

You're pretty good, though.

You're a craftsman.

Yeah, I could.

Do you think you could make me a sandwich board of some kind?

Yeah, that seems not too difficult.

Having a lot of trouble making your sandwiches lately, Paul?

No, I just did a sandwich board to wear, like Anita Jo's thing, except I wanted to say, hire Paul Giamatti.

Oh, yeah.

But I'd like it to look nice.

Could we cut a deal on that or something?

Yeah, let's talk after this live podcast.

It doesn't seem like it would be too hard.

It seems like it'd be two planks.

You're going to stick around and talk to me after the podcast because people tend to split as soon as they're not on camera or on the mic.

No, no, no.

I'll definitely talk to you as long as you want, Paul.

Cut is the loneliest word you've ever heard, right?

Well, no, yet, no.

I've heard a lot of lonely words.

Yeah.

I've heard all the lonely words.

I can just imagine you, like, cut when you hear cut or that's a rap.

Oh, boy, that must be...

Then you'd know you have another just like eight hours staring into space alone in your hotel room.

Yeah, the martini shot.

You know, sometimes, you know, for sideways, they put me in a separate after party.

Wow, no.

Wow.

Did you get to go to the premiere?

They had a little children's table premiere for me.

No.

So back to Nick, Offermanwoodshop.com.

How long would it take you to build a canoe considering your other work?

How long would it be?

A year?

If I tried to squeeze one in right now, it'd take a couple years.

A couple years, yeah.

Because if I just did it alone full time, it would take two or three months.

Right, wow.

So to spread that out.

But you've built two in your lifetime?

So far, yeah.

Wow, that is fantastic.

I mean, most people can't even say they, you know, made breakfast.

That's true.

Most people haven't made a goddamn peanut butter sandwich.

But you also have a side business making peanut butter sandwiches.

I do.

Offerman peanut butter sandwiches made of wood.

Wow.

They come in mahogany and maple.

Delicious.

Okay, and then, of course, Parks and Rec, we want to talk about on Thursday nights.

It's on Thursday nights.

We're going to have an exciting new lead-in in January.

30 Rock is coming back to be our lead-in, which is going to be a lot of fun.

That's fantastic.

And then I have some movies coming out in the spring.

You'll probably hear of Casa de mi Padre.

Oh, I've heard of that.

That has a fellow in it named William Ferrell, or Wilson Ferrell.

He's very popular in Mexico.

This is a Mexican, Spanish language film.

Yeah, I'm really looking forward to that.

And some other things that'll come out.

I'll plug next time on the show.

Okay, great.

I would love to have you back.

You're a delight.

Thank you so much.

And now we're turning to Paul Giamatti.

And this is your chance.

This is your chance to shine.

You can make an impassioned plea to Hollywood.

Do you have any movies coming out?

Well, the great timing of it is I don't.

I don't.

I don't have any projects to plug because I'm blacklisted.

So sorry.

I mean, there's some small parts here and there.

If they don't get cut out, I might be playing Ben Bernanke.

Wait, Ben Bernanke?

What is that now?

I might be playing Ben Bernanke, the Federal Reserve Chairman.

Oh, okay.

He's the only contemporary figure who's bald enough for me to play.

And he was contemptible.

God damn, words are really hard to use.

He's the most hated person in the world now that they capped Gaddafi.

Were you in talks to play like Osama Bin Laden or anyone like that?

I mean, I can really see...

I got...

You know what?

When they found out Gaddafi was bald, I got a few phone calls about playing Gaddafi.

Congrats.

But now it's looking like the best thing is going to come of it is I might play his father-in-law.

Oh, yeah. His father-in-law who was kept in a cage and beaten with little sticks.

I heard they're just shaving Matt Damon's head to play Gaddafi.

Yeah, you missed out on that one.

Yeah, all the best parts go to Damon.

Yeah.

I was supposed to be goodwill hunting.

Really? Goodwill hunting?

You seem a little bit older, like maybe a little too old.

No, no, no, the man's good makeup.

I could do anything.

I have a wide range.

I have a wide fucking range, Scott.

All right, all right.

I have a way out wide range.

Sorry, sorry, sorry.

Every time you're on the show, I feel like I insult you somehow.

Well, you know what? I'm on edge.

And you know what? I apologize.

I apologize because this...

Being on this podcast is the only thing that's gotten me any fans at all in the last five years.

I'm so sorry to hear that.

I didn't know things were so rough for you.

If there's any way for me to lend a helping hand, please let me know.

Yes, yes.

I don't mean right now.

No, please.

Just contact me, contact my people.

All I would ask of you is please go on my Wikipedia page.

And vote there for it not to be deleted.

Because there is a serious chance that Paul Giamatti's Wikipedia page could be deleted.

They're going to delete your Wikipedia page?

Yes, so please go to my Wikipedia page.

If there's any nerds out there, stop it from being deleted.

Because I'm famous enough to have a goddamn Wikipedia page.

I guess so.

There should be something besides hair loss products when you Google Paul Giamatti.

All right, guys.

I want to plug Comedy Bang Bang t-shirts.

You can get those in the store.

Go to earwulf.com. Two colors, two styles.

We have a nice baseball tee and a nice short sleeve.

They look really great.

And that's been it, guys.

Thank you so much.

Great show.

I really appreciate it.

That was super fun.

And we'll be seeing you another time.

And we'll see you next week.

This has been an Earwulf Media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit EarWolf.com.
