---
layout: page
title: 141. Tig Notaro,Ronna & Beverly [11218⧸21025].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Good one. That's what you'll be saying after this week's episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

That's right, Tig Notaro is here. One of our fan favorites is here. She won best female character last year, and she is back to spread her joy. Also, a couple of visitors from another time in place are going to be joining us a little later. All that and more, all on today's...

Are you man enough to date tall women? Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thanks for that catchphrase submission. DC submitted that on the earwolf boards. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. This is Comedy Bang Bang after dark. We have a nice sunset right behind us. In the new earwolf studios, we overlook kind of a church bell tower kind of thing. And there's a beautiful sunset and the mountains are behind there. And I feel like I'm really painting the picture by saying beautiful sunset over and over. What's up? My name is the world famous Scott about, of course, aka the Chuck Tau. And I have a fantastic show for you whenever you're listening to it. I would suggest listen to it at sunset. There's a lot of beautiful sunsets out there in the world. Why don't you nab yourself one and make a nice mint julep? And my guest is staring at me in horror, like what is the hole I'm digging for myself? You want to say anything into that, Mike?

I didn't, you know, I never am sure on this show if I'm supposed to talk. Cause I remember in when it was at 103, Indy, 103, one, and I don't mean to be plugging a radio station. That fired you.

And in turn, like I lost a lot of my income after Indy, 103, one went down. But when I would go into that studio for the show, I would, you know, I'd just show up into the studio and people would be talking. I'd be like, oh, hey, I'm here. And you'd be like, shh. Well, yeah, running a little late.

Well, normally, no, I don't want the guests to talk until I mention them. And yet I don't want them to stare at me creepily while I'm trying to talk. But I was thinking, well, I'm sure soon enough, Scott will stop his cute little mint julep story. But it does look like an Eagles record right outside the window here. It really does. Specifically Hotel California, where you can see Anton LaVey up there in the old church. The old minister of magic.

Miniature of magic, you almost said.

The miniature minister of magic, head of Ravenclaw, Anton LaVey. I do want to introduce you before we get too much further.

Did you say my name yet?

No, I have not.

Oh, why don't we just skip that?

Say your name, say your name.

No, let's not say it.

I don't want people to be confused about you. I want people to picture your loveliness as you talk. I know you have a very distinctive monotonal voice that people- I've never heard that.

Distinctive or monotonal.

I've actually never heard any of those words you've used.

I am saying English words right now, though.

No idea. I've never heard those words.

No.

What is your name?

Caller.

Caller, go ahead. That's what I say when I answer my phone. When I answer my cell phone, I just say, caller, go ahead.

First time, long time.

My name is Tig Notaro.

Tig Notaro is here. Fan favorite. You know her as the good one robot.

Good one.

You know her as the woman who's been married for 40 years.

Yeah.

Answering a question. You know her as the drapery puller.

You know her as the car- Professor.

Car horn.

No, it's a clown horn.

Well, don't you do a car horn? Come on, kind of expand.

Meep, meep.

That one?

Yeah, that's not as good.

What a- One from the thirties. A car horn from the thirties.

Model T.

A model T. That's what I am.

Yeah, you are the model T.

Model T.

But perhaps- oh, yes, of course, the spring.

Perhaps most importantly, you know her from- she has a podcast in her own right here on the Earwolf Network. Professor Blastoff.

I'm cat clapping.

You're cat clapping.

I'm cat clapping.

You can put your hands into paws.

I use all four paws.

Would you like a little saucer of milk while you cat clap?

You can only put milk into a saucer if a cat is drinking it.

That's true.

Yeah.

I don't know what that means.

Let's go to commercial.

Caller?

Go ahead. Yeah.

Yeah.

What is the other side? What is the guy saying in that- In the 40 year- Is he calling- yeah, is he calling her name?

It can be anything. I always picture that- Because me and my wife do this all the time as well.

You do what?

The constant, what?

Or- Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah. So you can be anywhere in the house.

It's just that you're married for so long that you're just in your head.

And, you know, her husband is maybe just right around the corner.

Sure.

Just- let's say the laundry room is just right around the corner and he's getting his underwear out of the laundry room. And he says, sweetie- Did a special load of just underwear?

Yeah. Yeah. Filthy underwear. And he just says, sweetie? Yeah!

Come smell this underwear for me.

Let me know if it's clean.

Yeah. So it can be anything and you can be saying her name from anywhere in the house.

And what is her name? Has that ever been established in this?

Well, it's based on a real person named- Who you had on your show, as I recall. Or no, the daughter of which.

That was her daughter.

Yeah. It's Molly's mother. My friend Tony is here in the studio.

Tony, Tony, Tony. Give a wave to the fine folks, if you would.

Yeah. Wave to everybody in the world.

Tony is my dear friend from Denver and I've known him about 20 years.

Wow.

More than 22 years.

You must have been in grade school.

Uh, that's correct. And so he- I'm talking to Tony, not to you.

Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you were talking to me during this interview.

No, I know you were about 25.

Have you been talking to Tony this whole time I've been on the show?

I have. Yeah. Why do you keep interrupting? Tony, get in on this.

So Tony is in town from Denver and he and I are friends with Molly and it's Molly's mother, Nora Ellen, who is- You're imitating.

Yeah. And then her daughter, Katie, was a guest on Professor Blast Off.

And when I go to shows, you know, people come up and be like, you know, we say yeah.

And I'm like, yeah. And they're like, yes. And then they run off into the darkness.

It has all the earmarks of a great story. It has a cast of characters.

It has a saucer of milk.

An overarching plot.

It has Nora Ellen.

Nora Ephron did a little punch up on it.

Mm-hmm.

Tig Notaro, comedian.

It's actually No-Taro.

Nuh.

It's not Nuh.

Notaro. It's not the schwa.

It's No-Taro.

Tig Notaro.

No, no, no. It's No-Taro.

Tig Notaro.

That's correct.

Catch us up. You haven't been on this program in a little while.

Yeah.

We've traveled a bit. We went to Washington together at the Gorge at Sasquatch Festival.

Oh, okay. You meant literally we have traveled together, me and you.

Yeah. You and I have traveled together.

Okay. Yeah.

We were on a plane coming back. We collected luggage.

Yes. I forgot that we've traveled, but we have. I thought you were saying it like, we've been traveling, haven't we? Meaning I have been.

I don't talk like that. Come on.

Listen, I thought you were.

When I say something, I mean it.

Okay.

We've traveled together since you've been on the show, but catch the listeners up on where you've been, what you've been doing.

I had a CD come out that was called Good One.

Compact Disc.

Compact Discus.

And it's called Good One because of the character that you created on this show.

But also, that's what people say after jokes, which is what I was saying to you, mocking you.

That is the origin of the Good One robot is you were mocking some sort of horrible joke I made.

I can't remember the specifics.

I think just anything you said. I just said Good One.

People love that you give it right back to me, Tig.

Mm-hmm.

You know, because I put it out there, I give as hard as I get. You know that.

I know it, girl.

Girl.

So yeah, my CD came out and then I did a tour all around this United States of America.

What's your favorite state?

Craziness.

Yeah, well, we're going to go to commercial.

Where's that robot?

Good one.

We just touched feet, by the way.

Oh, I know.

Electricity.

You know how everything you say you mean, everything I do, I mean.

Ooh, hello.

Hi. I love, you know what, I was just in Iowa with Tom Sharp, the very funny comedian, Tom Sharp.

Love Tom.

So funny.

Say hello.

Hi, Tom.

Tom. Oh, this is one side.

Okay. So I was in Iowa and Wisconsin and all sorts of states.

Now that is the state, Iowa, with an owl in the middle, right?

It does. It has an owl right in the middle of it. It is beautiful.

I've never been. I've never noticed your accent.

I'm from Iowa, of course.

Oh, okay.

But I've never been there.

Oh, okay. Well, yeah, it's just beautiful farmland and Tom's originally from there and we did a three-week college tour.

I swear you were going to say three-way.

Yes. Me, Tom, and his parents switched on and off. It was very hot.

That's a three and a half way.

Yeah, it was a four-way. So can I tell you on one of the college shows that we did?

I will allow it.

Thank you. I'm doing this show in a college classroom.

I do a lot. Sometimes my show is in a theater. Sometimes it's a weird situation.

Well, I'm doing one show in a classroom. This woman walks in with a bag of books all in her hands and I had been, for some reason or another, I guess, because I do comedy, somehow the word nut sack came up in my show.

In the show previous to her entering.

Yeah. So we were kind of making some nut sack chatting, me and the audience.

Nut sack chat.

Nut sack chat with Tig.

We'll be right back.

Let's go to commercial. So I'm doing the show.

Professor Blastoff, you're canceled. Nut sack chat.

With Tig Notaro. So I'm doing the show and this woman walks in the side door holding a bunch of books in her hands and she says something to me and I said, yeah, I said to her, I says, yeah.

And she said something about if I was in the class or something and I said, yeah, yeah, class is going on and she said, no, the anatomy class. I said, yes, this is an anatomy class.

We were just discussing nut sacks. Come on in. And she was looking at me so confused and then all of a sudden droves of people started walking into the room and what had happened was the person that booked me to do a show at the college had booked me during class time.

Had no idea.

Yeah, it was double booked. I had done about 40 minutes of my show or maybe just 30 or something and now that was the professor. She had no sense of humor, walked right past me, turned on the overhead projector and started talking to the class and I kept walking around on the stage area discussing nut sacks.

Simultaneously.

Yes. And I was ignoring her and she was ignoring me.

It was a total standup comedy and anatomy college class mashup.

You asked Tom Sharp. It was the most amazing thing.

How long did this go on?

I would say a good five minutes, which doesn't sound long, but it was long.

That's a long time.

It was long. And what happened was as people from the class came in, I would go meet them at the door and walk next to them because I had a cordless mic and just walk next to them telling my jokes and discussing nut sacks and welcoming them to their anatomy class.

Now the professor didn't make her pause that you had a wireless mic on you.

We were all so confused by her behavior. I'm sure as much as she was confused about my behavior, why there was some woman walking around with a cordless mic discussing nut sacks and following her students around.

What if she just thought that you were a student who brought her own microphone just to be hilarious and she was trying to teach you a lesson?

I really don't know what she thought was happening, but the advisor or whatever that booked me there came up and was like, we need to wrap this up. Come on, let's go.

And so I was kind of excited that I didn't have to do a whole hour because sometimes the grind of one hour worked. So I'm like, whew, I get out of here in 40 minutes.

That's a new impression.

Whew, that's wind blowing. That's sailing in the ocean with a nice wind blowing.

So did the professor ever get clued into what happened or any sort of epilogue to this story?

The advisor just scooted me out saying we need to get out of here.

What about the crowd who was gathered there to watch you?

They started to exit also.

And they didn't feel ripped off that the whole hour didn't...

I don't know. Look, I got paid full cash.

Full price.

Full price. Got out of there.

Full cash, as we say in the biz.

As we say in the college anatomy.

Do you have full cash for me?

Yeah. But no, we just all stood out there in a what just happened moment.

That's incredible.

I've never had a class start in the middle of my show.

I love stories like that. Every comedian seems to have one, but rarely as good as that.

So congratulations.

Thank you.

Let's take some calls.

Tony, you on the line?

All right. Let's take a break. What do you say when we come back?

We'll have another couple of guests here.

Can we wait a few minutes before we take a break?

Okay. Yeah.

Let's go to a break.

All right. Let's go to a break.

This is Comedy Bang Bang and let's hear a little Mike Tyson here.

One Night in Bangkok. We'll be right back.

The all change don't you know when you play at this level there's no ordinary venue in Iceland or the Philippines or Haston or this place one night in the world They're far the temples but them pearls ain't free You'll find a garden and the golden coaster And if you're lucky there's a gossip sheet I can feel the angels sliding up to me One town fair like another when your head's down on your pieces, bruh It's a dressable, it's really such a beauty to be looking at the ball Not looking at the city What do you mean, you see one crowd that blew the speaker down Teagulls warm and sweet, summer center and the summer center sweet Get tired to talking to a tourist whose every move's among the purest I get my kick above the waistline as I shine One night at Baker makes a hard man humble Not much between despair and ecstasy One night at Baker makes the tough guys tumble Can't be too careful with your company I can feel the devil walking next to me I recognize me from Held Up that you can rent in the red box video What are you talking about, you're Tigna Taro Yeah, yeah, yeah No Taro No, we met her No, I don't Tigna Taro Whatever We met you Talk right into that thing, hon We met you Point it at your actual mic Can anyone hear me?

Of course, people can hear you, it's a microphone Is that better?

I can hear me but I can hear my own voice all the time We met you in Colorado Tell you ride Colorado What were you guys doing?

I was at a comedy festival You were just as friendly then as you are now Wait, please make yourself known, who are you ladies?

For those of you who do not know Who are these old bests?

I am Renna Glickman And I am Beverly Ginsburg My best friend Beverly Kahn A long time ago it was Kahn and then recently I go back and forth because everyone does like a hyphen I wanted to create a new last name for myself but then Ronna said no, don't do that because you have a brand You understand?

Yeah, and because it's not your name No, she didn't want to go through the legal process And you are?

No, who are you though? You just walked into this room and started talking I am a stand up comedian and I was in Tell You Ride Colorado For a comedy festival For a comedy festival, you two are old bests from the northeast For sure, that's not nice to say We were in Colorado Yeah, I mean old bests, come on Does your mother look this good?

Yeah, be honest Okay No, we were there doing a self-help seminar We do speaking engagements which is the same thing as comedy We had the best-selling co-authors of You'll Do a Little Better Next Time, A Guide to Marriage And Remarriage And Remarriage for Jewish Things But it's for everybody Even whatever Even whatever Okay, so are you here to talk about that book or something?

We didn't have you booked on the show so I'm just wondering I love podcasts I love podcasts We do a podcast You do a podcast Yeah, we have a wonderful podcast What is the title of that program?

The Ronna and Beverly Podcast Those are your names, Ronna and Beverly Do you want to hear our theme song?

Okay No, but I've been trying out different ones so I can't decide I just think they're fun podcasts You know what I mean? They're fun I'm having a good time It's like a radio show but you decide Yeah, Pick a Choose Your Own Adventure podcast Yeah Okay What were you talking about before we got here?

Well, I don't know, I'm just slightly confused I was in the middle of a big hour-long conversation with Tig I was talking about my tour But it was dragging Her tour, we were about to get into her childhood Yeah, it was dragging a little bit Isn't that what everybody talks about?

I toured here, I toured there Why can't you say something interesting then?

I don't have anything interesting going on I mean, what's going on?

All I've done is toured here and toured there Did you have a terrible childhood or what?

No, it was horrible Was it really?

She's from somewhere not great I can't remember but it was somewhere I never wanted to go Mississippi, do not say that ever again No, no Ronna?

Well, why don't you live there if it's so terrific If it's so terrific, go tour there, do your comedy there I have toured and done comedy there I didn't just hold off on comedy and then took it someplace else Why not have Mississippi be your base?

Your home base It's a hard life comedy Listen, I'm out here in Hollywood making my dreams come true Are you on like Desperate Housewives?

I am on Desperate Housewives That's a fun show Someone has to be That show's ending It's been going really well They're all about to die It's an ensemble Private practice, you ever see that?

I'm also on that That's a fun show too I'm sorry, I feel the show's getting a little adrift here because I didn't expect you guys to walk in I know we have an open door policy here on the show We'll behave No, you're behaving quite nicely I'm a little discombobulated Open container, open mind, open clothes, open shot case You're the boss, what's going to happen now?

I fully expected to continue with my We can continue Why don't you continue with her and if we have something to say You're the host of your own podcast then and so you have experience being a host Sure, we do a podcast, we do a self-help seminar We do it in America, we do it in England, we do it in Scotland We do it wherever people need help, which is everywhere What kind of help do you Relationship advice Relationship advice Oh, okay, so people pay for these seminars in order to You know what, a self-published We don't worry so much about the money We don't worry so much Years ago I went to Tufts, but I was really more into I was doing like Speech pathology But then I took like a different route in your life When you guys got married at the time, I was very young I made a lot of decisions Everybody makes decisions You go a different way Everybody makes decisions I've seen it happen over and over Twin girls You never know what life is going to throw you a curveball You should never apologize Human nature must not apologize for itself The human condition, Beverly That's what you always say It doesn't matter Human condition should not apologize for itself If you can figure that out, let me know Okay, this is bizarre Do you remember I don't know if you remember This is true, and tell you right Did I tell you this is not going to be You remind me of my friend's mother Did I tell you that?

Your mouth reminds me Is that fun?

Do you remember me telling you that?

Do you remember that?

It's the, yeah Mom, can you see Nora Ellen's mouth?

We were just talking about her Tony Okay, Tony's over here Take a good long look at her mouth Well, I have to be talking when I do it Who does my mouth remind you of?

What about my mouth?

When I don't recognize your mouth I don't recognize your mouth Evil Angoria Honestly I don't know who that is Several times I've told myself that You said you're on Desperate Housewives She's on Desperate Housewives I haven't met her All right, well fair enough Fair is fair Shoot around her alone to be fair What are you playing?

Like one of their little sons or something like that That's cute I don't play one of the sons Well, I didn't know what she's doing This is Tig, by the way She's a lady I'm a person A nice looking lady I'm a person I know that you're a person I'm not blind whoever you are But yeah, it's so bizarre We were talking about the woman that I said Your mouth reminds me of We were just talking about her right before you walked in here So there you go Serendipity Can you say yeah?

Yeah Say it a little louder Like you're calling someone from the other room Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah She can do that That sounds like you're karate chopping somebody with your yeah Hi, yeah, yeah, hi, yeah, yeah Like Miss Piggy Hi, yeah, yeah You want me to speak loudly?

Well, I would love to see that mouth Oh, well I don't raise my voice too much Here's my question for you Yeah You are king of the podcasts or whatever you are Sure Why don't you have any religious programming?

And I don't mean for like fundamentalist Christians or Muslims I mean why don't you have like a Jewish Yeah, I'm guessing from your voices and your cadences that you're extremely That's a little bit much I will tell you I also feel a little sorry for you At L.A.

No We told you we were the authors of the bestselling co-authors I mean the whole A book about marriage and remarriage for Jewish singles That might have tipped you off But no, what I mean is that there's no You know what I mean, like I feel sorry for the world Because they have to listen to garbage humor all the time Yeah, no, I agree What sort of garbage humor?

We don't do that on this show That's like masturbating and everything I mean I think that should be a topic but not funny all the time It's like it's not funny Pleasure yourself You know what, what is not funny What are your views on masturbating?

Do it whenever you want to Uh-huh But not, if you're a boy, never when I have to look If it's ruining your marriage Yeah You need to cut down on it Yeah It's ruining your relationship Because you don't have enough gas left to drive the car So you need to have gas in order to masturbate Excuse me What I'm trying to say So like you If it exhausts you Eat a nice burrito If it exhausts you And then beat off feverishly Otig is funny That is You know what it is If that's what she likes Then that's up to them She's logic I don't judge You know what I mean, like you're full of logic I'm like a metaphorical simile-ish You know what I mean, like poetry I don't think you should be ashamed of your body, America Love your body Who on here said We weren't even If you want to touch yourself, Tig Notaro or the other guy You Then blow it out your ass Whatever you want No, no, no, touch yourself Tig, if you want to touch yourself Feel free to touch yourself Touch yourselves While we're recording this program here Touch yourselves Get to know your vagina This is a little racier than what I was expecting No, hang on a minute Don't necessarily look at your vagina in a mirror, okay?

Can you hear that, Scott?

No Don't even catch a glimpse of it By yours, she doesn't mean your wife's My vagina is a vampire So that's not possible What I meant was not in a compact Or when they do these workshops You sit there with a little hand mirror Or a vagpire Well, sometimes I get the rear view mirror And I just take it off the car No, no, no, no You should be looking at your vagina in a full length Or wall covered mirror Because that way your vagina always looks very small and tight Scott, why did you ignore my vagpire joke?

I enjoyed it There's so many people talking that I So what?

That was the best thing that popped up It was great Thank you Congratulations It was funny, popped up No, get it?

I don't get it Like a clit Taurus Oh my god, this is really filth No, look I want to get back to what you guys want to talk about When you do these seminars What's some of the advice that you actually give to some of the people?

Well, what we do is we take a person Usually a person who's got some notoriety, somewhat fame Someone who people know a little bit about We had to settle fatigue when we were in Colorado And she didn't want to talk about a person I'm an obscure third tier cable star That's typically what we have, yeah That was difficult What are the types of stars you usually work with?

We've had Matthew Perry Wow, one of the friends We've had Russell Grant But on the podcast I'm talking about what we do, period Well, on the podcast we talk to Nick Kroll You know, he thinks he's big, big, big deal Yeah, he's got a couple of TV shows I mean, my daughter Rochelle thinks he's very funny But she smokes a lot of marijuana He's into that Jewish kind of humor, too Well, he seems like you think people that are Jewish are into Jewish things He's misguided I just, you know, you guys like to You don't call yourself a tribe without wanting to stick together Well, I mean, that's fair Well, chicken and egg, yeah Chicken and egg You're smart You could do anything You don't have to do this for a living Thank you so much Is this part of your seminar?

Take me through your seminar Honestly, what are you doing?

You don't have to be here You seem educated I know, it's a nice sunset Now it's dark How long does it take for you to sign your name on this table?

Honestly, I She's been signing her name First of all, we did not ask you to sign your name on the table This is a nice kitchen table I forgot my reading glasses And I actually thought For a while, I didn't know what I was I'm a doodler You know doodling?

That's disgusting Diddling is different Is that funny?

You know, for all of you guys not liking that kind of humor You're the one who keeps bringing it up She's very, she's very id When I do it, it's adorable It's adorable And you're more of the super ego You're lascivious It's a different voice Now, what we do is we put these people in a chair Or on a microphone or whatever We ask them about their relationships, their lives They tell us what's going on You know, we find out We ask them what they're doing We tell them what they're doing right, what they're doing wrong So you're doing a different angle of podcasting It's what we do when we're doing it on stage Do you know Robert Piggle?

Uh, no Robert Riggle Coming up on a podcast Oh, okay Coming up on a podcast Anna Ortiz from Ugly Betty Sure If you're gay, you probably know that show Martha Plimpton, we had Martha Plimpton Is this a test?

Martha Plimpton She was delightful You know who she is?

She passed away No, that's George Plimpton No, that was George Burns, I'm sorry You know who you remind me of?

Steven Wright Was he funny?

You all like the same He was from Boston Steven Wright was from Boston He was from Andover Jen Kirkman is from Boston Yes, we've had her She was terrific She's got a lot of mental problems She's unstable, but she was good So what I would love for you What I would love for you guys to do is to Instead of just talking about the people that you have interviewed You asked You're still finding him No, what I asked was You said what sort of people No, I asked what do you do in your thing Maybe take me through a typical seminar Would you like us to interview you?

Sure, I've never had the tables turned on me Quite like that Are you in a relationship?

I am, yes Why did you quit?

Fans of the show, no, I am married You're married You're committed Yes How long have you been married?

Three years, just over three years And how long have you been together?

Probably 12 years They broke up for one year Yeah, but 12 years 12 years stat to finish Or 11 with an interval There was a break 12 with an interval How many people?

A year long interview I was interviewing other people for the position And she was not I happened to know a little bit Because I did a Google on you Just for the record Is she or is she not just like you?

You know what I mean, just like you?

No, she's Asian Is that what you're saying?

Yeah I mean, I wouldn't have put it that way Because that sounds a little racist No, she would have said oriental Yeah Is she oriental?

She is oriental, yes What kind?

Like a vase or a rug Which one?

Because there's a lot I have favorites and I have ones I'm not crazy about Yeah, but she's not Filipino if that's what you're afraid of What is she?

No, a Filipino doesn't bother me Oh, really?

What does bother you?

China Oh, yeah, yeah And Korea She's very threatened She feels very threatened by China What is she?

She's Laotian She's from Laos Oh, she's from Laos Yeah, so nothing to fear from there Is she like a mountain person?

I never heard of that She is a mountain person Do you understand my question?

She's not Hmong No Okay, so you do understand my question I do understand your question I know a little bit about the culture there How does she feel about the Vietnam War?

I think she's ambivalent It didn't really affect her She's a little young Uh-huh And how long has her family been here?

I mean, how young is young?

Because you're not so young This doesn't seem to be an interview about me Are you the subject?

Look, you're married to her We're trying to figure out what's going on What's the age difference between you two?

Is this how it is at home?

If it's not about you immediately It's just everything changes My wife isn't as maldy Asian women don't mind that Have you ever heard this?

No, that's right Asian women, you know something?

He made the choice on purpose He did the right thing My God She's not that subservient if that's what you're asking Why not?

Because obviously that's what you're looking for But it's also a question of your perspective There's nothing wrong with it if that's what you want I'm afraid you're putting words in my mouth at this point Do you have a good love making?

Good love making Do you have a good love making scenario?

We concoct scenarios every once in a while Really?

Like Miss Saigon?

Why don't you have any kids?

What's going on there?

Does she have big boobs?

How do you know that she has big boobs?

No, I don't I'm asking does she have big boobs?

Absolutely not Most Asian women do not She's Lausian Her boobs are so big That's impossible She can't even see up So she adopted into an Asian family and you think she's Asian?

Or what?

She has, I think it's something to do with that Laus thing Is it Laus like a negative thing?

Like you lazy Laus?

Excuse me, that's L-O-U-S-E She's all logic This is L-A-O-S I'm like a robot?

L-A-O-S Like if I was plugging in a joke to you and you would compute I compute your joke What do you think is the secret to a good marriage?

I mean, would you say it's a good marriage?

I compute your joke Yeah, like that That's like the Bostonian robot I compute your joke I compute your joke She said I'm like a robot But I mean in a positive way We're in the same room You're a comedy robot Do you have headphones on?

I do What about a microphone?

To answer your question, is it a good marriage?

I think it's a fantastic marriage Do you think she thinks it's a fantastic marriage?

I'm not so sure, we don't talk Can you stand her?

I can abide her, yes Do her feet smell?

She's got dirty knees What's in her belly button usually?

These are not good questions, this is horrible Does she have hairs that are mysteriously popping out?

You're not the expert here, Tig You know what I am I'm interested in hearing from the expert You know how they barged in on me?

I'm barging in on them Well now we know what you like based on your list But here's my question to you That wasn't my list It came to mind very quickly Here's my question, did you save her or kidnap her?

How would you put it in a part, like save or kidnap?

Meaning metaphorically or?

Pick one, pick one, it's one or the other She wants to know how you got together From Laos, gunning a girl from Laos Have you ever heard of smuggling someone out of that country?

I bought her, I didn't either save nor kidnap This is crazy She's American I paid fair cash Is she American?

No, full cash What does she run you?

And what does she speak?

She speaks American And what?

She's from here And what?

She speaks American?

Yeah, she speaks American Love it or leave it Does she speak a little bit of whatever they speak?

Yeah, you know, whatever she can throw in every once in a while Have you learned her language?

I have no interest in learning that language Here's a question Do you have a person that cleans your house?

I only wish, but unfortunately it's her job at this point Are you serious?

Not kidding Because guess what?

That marriage is going to fall right apart You think so?

Why?

If you don't go home and get a cleaning lady You guys don't do housework Absolutely not He has the secret to a good relationship Always having a cleaning lady and separate bathrooms That is the secret to a good relationship I was on the second half of that and I actually, when we did have the cleaning lady I gave that advice to a lot of people It saves so much stress on a relationship And you had a cleaning lady Now you're too cheap She went back to Guatemala, unfortunately You know why?

There isn't another one waiting in line behind her I've never met one Are you serious?

Are you serious?

You live in Los Angeles and there's no one else you can find to clean your house for 10 cents?

I'll clean it Here's something You have to also make sure that your cleaning ladies have separate bathrooms That's very important Yeah, for the help I love that movie Such a good movie I left before the end, but it was so good before the end Nud for me What's simpler times? A movie?

The help It was a simpler time I have a cleaning lady Good for you No, it's a man Really?

Everything's backwards in your world A cleaning human Yeah, it's like a bizarro world You know what I mean You know what I mean?

You know, it's backwards Like you're probably, you know the opposite I have a cleaning robot That's not really what we're talking about I'm here to clean your house But everything is like black as white, up as down in your world, yeah?

Yeah, it's like that Katy Perry song Up, down, down I can't stand her You're black and you're white, you're in and you're out You're in and you're up, up and you're down and you're right Don't you think she's dumb?

I love her I can't stand her, I think she's dumb as a post You're up and you're down Hang on a minute, Scott, I want to sing for a second You're up and you're down, you're in and you're out Just five more minutes You're in and you're out, you're up I'm really going to have to stop you in five minutes What do you think is the secret to a good relationship?

Because you think you're in a good marriage I do, I think being honest with you Yeah I think mutual respect Okay And trust Okay, that's it?

You seem...

Well, I know for a fact she doesn't respect you I mean, honestly, I'm going to say something And I know it's going to be a little controversial I feel that she was probably a little uncomfortable with a Guatemalan person around Oh, yeah, probably Or the Guatemalan was uncomfortable that an Asian person was telling her what to do I mean, that's a whole thing We're actually not talking about the cleaning people Oh, what were you talking about?

Yeah, the mutual respect and everything That was based on me and my wife I was asking him about the secrets to a good relationship and he gave me two very trite answers Trite answers? No, I honestly believe those are the cornerstones I mean, that's a basic A basic? What do you mean?

Like, that's a basic food group?

There has to be respect Are you asking, like, what the dessert of a relationship is?

If there's no respect, there's no marriage If there's no communication, there's no marriage But what's the secret for you two?

But that is the secret You say there is no marriage without those Exactly, that's the secret of having a marriage Are you a generous lover?

Everyone has the same thing I do, you know Like, when you're making love, do you go, here you go?

Yeah, to as many people as possible Well, I'm finished, it's your turn Something like that That sounds familiar to you You're laughing I'm finished, it's your turn I don't care about her turn Scott, do you have a television in your bedroom?

No, we do not That's terrific That's good That's good news We took that out Do you have a bed in your TV room?

Yes, of course That's where we sleep Your world is like an upside down pineapple cake I'm like a robot Yeah, like an upside down robot doing handstands Like an upside down pineapple cake What made you decide that she was the person you should spend the rest of your life with?

Do you believe in the rest of your life?

He bought her Or do you think it's like a Finau, are you one of those?

Do you believe in the rest of your life?

No, are you like Brad Pitt, you think we're Finau?

We're doing what we're doing Is that what Brad Pitt thinks?

Brad Pitt thinks you're together as long as you're together Gwyneth Paltrow, she's another one You're together till you're not together I want to rip it off her face I mean, that's not really a healthy attitude I think, yeah, why not?

The rest of your life So what made you think she was the person that you should spend the rest of your life with?

I say, yeah, why not?

The rest of your life Sure Am I sighing enough when I talk about this?

Well, no, it's not hard to speak I mean, I'm not going to take that as an indication of how you feel about her I mean, what about children?

It's an uncomfortable question It's a probing question What about children?

What about them?

You know what I mean?

Exactly Yeah, see, you answered your own question Yeah Yeah, I think the rest of your life and what was it about her?

I think that, you know, I just wanted to take care of her and make sure that nothing happened Good for her She evoked some kind of compassion in you Yeah, she was able to stir that honeypot somehow And miraculously, you felt so moved you wanted to take care of her and then you stopped paying for a cleaning lady You want to hear something funny?

Now I've heard everything Can I say something?

You want to hear something funny?

Okay, I'd love to You're a terrible husband if that's what we're talking about Black people, please bevel it As individuals, I like them very much, not as much in a group Asians, the opposite Great in a group at Disneyland Like you head down to Chinatown and just party it up Individually, one-on-one She likes Chinese food Who's interested?

What about Laos?

One single Laos I can't even, honestly The truth is that's sort of Southeast Asian anyway, that's not exactly Asian, that's another thing She feels like a palm tree Asian You know what I mean?

You know what I mean?

You're Polynesian?

Is that what you're saying?

Yeah, that I like Like Bali Hai?

Oh, is that fun?

Except for what's her face with?

She was such a fatty in that show Excuse me?

South Pacific we're talking about Who's the fatty in that?

Ba ba Bali Hai, ba ba podcast This sounds like your podcast theme Bali podcast finding Me on Bali Hai Come on, you don't like musical theater, Tig Notaro?

No, I'm involved in musical theater Like what?

What kind?

Falsettos?

Singing in the rain Dancing in the park How are you involved?

I just, I You just do these things?

I'm in them You're in them I'm in those What's Tig short for?

You're in that world Tig is actually long for Tiglet Hmm?

Oh, are you cute?

She's so funny Honestly, I'd like to keep you in a corner of my room and press a button and get a joke once in a while A robot, like a joke robot That sounds like a wonderful life Are you really offering me this sort of opportunity that I could be in a corner of your house?

You wouldn't have to tour anymore?

You're going to have to figure out how to be a pez dispenser at the same time if you can figure that out You're too busy touring and doing this tour and that tour and taking your friend who's looking like a quiet little henchman over here This poor guy's been sitting here for how long?

He wants to murder himself He looks like he's some sort of 30s, either a Newsy or an elegant burglar Is that cute?

Can you sing a jingle for a soap?

Like a soap made of lye Tony, how are you doing?

Soap flakes It's well over here Come on, man Come on, we can't hear you Well, if you're saying that I remind Tony, I remind you of Tony's mother or someone else's mother?

No, this is a long story that we don't necessarily have time to get into But can I ask, am I fixed?

Listen, I think you've taken some very valuable advice away with you I don't know what advice other than the cleaning lady This was more for people that are listening how not to do things This was more of a learn by example situation And you were setting a somewhat negative example And you think my relationship is doomed?

Well, I would have to talk to her, but I think that you're not really pulling my side Do you ever clean the house?

I think you're not being quite as compassionate as you could be Look, and this is the truth, we got a lot of new appliances We redid the kitchen and the laundry room Wonderful And I don't know how to work anymore So what, you got a lot of new listeners on CBB?

Is that how you were able to get all those appliances?

Comedy, bang, bang, bang, bang It's a podcast And you don't know how to use them I don't know how to use them But she does She knows how to use them Right, so you're not going to take the time to learn basically Well, she basically took the deliveries of them She was around, I was working like a man How is she able to It's very interesting And she took the deliveries and she must have had all the manuals She studied them Woe manuals, woe manuals Sorry, woe manuals She studied them, figured out how to work these appliances Thank you, Lilith And then she, I don't know where the I don't know where the manuals, woe manuals Is this how you see the world entirely?

If you don't hear it or see it, it has nothing to do with you I just, you know, I wouldn't know the first thing about turning on a dishwasher Can she read English?

No, but do you, what about sanitation?

When she's reading the woe manual, does she read the louse?

Yeah, she's, those are fifth from the front She reads the Tagallan You're up and you're down Do you take the garbage out?

I do take the garbage out That's what a man does I walk the dog And you're a spider killer You walk the dog Are you the spider killer?

Do me a favor, don't tell me that you let it free because she's from an island or something No, we don't have spiders, where I'm from But if you did You don't have spiders in your house ever?

No Do you take her, do you use her gigantic boobs to smash bugs in between them?

Oh my god Yeah, and coconuts whenever we want a little milk What's wrong with you?

You're a very dirty ticket tar I am like a filthy machine Yes, I'm a filthy, filthy comedian This is the kind of thing that if you put her in your corner you're going to get this at least one out of three times Remember that amazing opportunity you offered me earlier where I'd be stuck in a corner of your house and you'd push a button?

Yeah Yeah, I would make smashing spiders in the middle of gigantic Boobs, jokes Louse boobs Yeah Can I ask you a question?

Do the college kids get you? Do they understand you?

No, I've been bombing every night on the tour Come on, be honest, is it true?

Is it true?

It's not been going well?

No, it's been going well Well, so they do like you Yeah They think you're very funny Of course What of course? Why is of course not everybody is a hit?

Yeah, I mean, you know You're telling me not everybody is a hit?

No No, do you know how hard this life is with Jerry Seinfeld, what he went through and then he got a show Believe me, I've been struggling because of Jerry Seinfeld You're asking us to have compassion for Jerry Seinfeld Listen, you know what? Anyone who comes up from wherever they come from He was relatively well off Every one of us was in the camps, okay? At one point or another No one in my family was, but yeah Well, I'm sure there were some in my family We got here earlier than that In what camps? Like in the I mean Concentration Come on, Dachau, Bergen-Belsen Auschwitz Schindler I thought you meant like in the trenches I thought you meant like revolving in the trenches No Of this comedy world Comedy comes from Jews who have been tortured And you are a what?

She's some sort of a white I'm just a human Some sort of a white person Yeah Human white person You're saying because I'm not Jewish I can't be I'm just saying that the struggle is a different struggle I think we can all I came from Mississippi I struggled my way out of there Nobody should think from there Ideally I will end up in a corner in your house I imagined a huge pile of crawfish If things go right And one of them got out That's what I imagined when you said that I imagined Newspaper on a table About 400 crawfish Burning cross With your head on one and it wiggles out And a lynched person That's what I saw when you described I would love one of our listeners to draw that picture You have a very cartoonish brain, don't you?

What actually happened was I just like Grew to a normal size and age and left I bought a plane ticket and flew away to another city But tell us about your pain I feel like the interview you're doing with me is over No, I still want to get back to it at some point Well, we should probably be getting going anyway No, no, no, no, stick around Why don't we take a break though and Did you leave your car running?

No, but you know what?

I asked there was a homeless man nearby who I said She's also Keep an eye on her Her blood sugar's getting low Getting hungry I'm going to die where I can only eat after 9 o'clock at night All right, let's go to a song This is, of course, a great song that you're going to enjoy We'll be right back with a little comedy bang bang after this A bitch's nose bloody face down in the shag She's flipping All of a sudden From the back room It was a set up You must start the fact My You got the keys To shit and stolen Make a break for it through the crib or the back Hit the pavement To keep busting all out of my teeth Get away We hit the dirt, this ride while it's smiling and smiling He ripped my pant leg off, a bunch of dookies went flying I had to blast, young brains all in the ground Mixed with the dookie, yeah man, 99, time to smash Yo we cut through the park, dookies popping out of my shirt I handle the bullets from behind, Blackland fireworks Dookies filling up my sneaks, bout to bust No doubt, pulled off my ice and Kona gloves, shook the dookies out Yo it's the Jakes, they wise through the chase Yo duck over here, I gotta ditch some damn dookie weight Whipped off my stully, so I could dump the dookie Cop blazed it out, the eucalyptus driver shoot me I blew out his back, that's all she wrote man Yeah and all his chest slapped, two dookies for the boatman They come in man, quick, throw these dookies in the trash Hold up more dookies, they're coming out fast Yo I can't move my leg, cause I'm stuck on Dookie Mountain 50 guns open fight, bullets spray like a fountain And our bodies all shredded, shots blaze right through me We're deader than dust, done in by the dookie Trouble on Dookie Island Yes, this is Comedy Bang Bang, we are back, that was The Lonely Island And we're back here with Tig Notaro, with whom I'm doing an extensive hour-long interview And these two lovely women named Rona and Beverly Rona and Beverly Rona, is it Rona or Rona?

It's Rona, it doesn't matter They've wandered into the studio and they were giving me relationship advice And I really feel like I have the momentum to go through with till the end of my life It's funny, I was going to say I got the feeling that I got tired of giving you advice Cause I felt like you weren't going to take any of it No I am We obviously had opposite experiences That was the vibe I was getting from you I'm just, I'm pretending to listen What made you guys experts if you've been divorced so much?

First of all, I've never been divorced You seem so divorced I am a widow I'm so sorry to hear that, what happened?

He died snorkeling Snorkeling? By himself?

No, he was on the bathtub No, they weren't, no Beverly? On their honeymoon?

You know what, may I, she's very upset, let me tell the story No, I'm upset because you love to tell this story Did he die on the honeymoon?

No, it wasn't the honeymoon, they went What is this, Private Benjamin?

She loves to tell It's a comedy classic Judy Benjamin was having sexual relations with her husband, Yale Okay, on the first night of the honeymoon and then he dropped out of a heart attack And that was why she was in such a confused state And she ended up joining the, I mean she thought she was going to Club Med or whatever it was Is that out now?

On the DVD In your red box you were talking about, you can get it What I was going to say was that all I find unusual about her husband's death Is that it occurred during one of the most relaxing activities a person could possibly encounter Pony rides?

No, snorkeling, it's like having a massive coronary in the middle of an aquarium It's very relaxing, I mean if there had been bungee jumping I'd have understood You have a number of tasteless qualities But I would say the top of the list is that you love to talk about how my husband passed away No, I don't, I don't love it You do not miss an opportunity Are you saying that you suspect foul play?

Yes, I am Do you think she put her hand over that little snorkel?

No, I don't think that you caused it, no The best way to kill a snorkeler, by the way Just stick a finger right in that thing?

Absolutely not, I would never imply that There's no way to get out of that That is foolproof That's right Rofa, is your husband alive?

What was the word?

I am several times divorced, I have been married three times You sound like you didn't know which number to say No, I was about to say several One of them she doesn't always count I don't always count Allen Ginsberg Her first husband was Allen Ginsberg Really?

No, not the one you're thinking Different one E. Adjie Yeah, he was a guidance counselor It was really only a couple of weeks and we had an annulled Yeah So you've been married four times?

No, three times Three times including Gins?

Including Allen, three times V. Allen Ginsberg, huh?

My girls are frishes The LNS name is Frish And so that makes you an expert at relationships Because you sounded like you're a wreck Talk right into that mic I think I've played the field Huh?

Talk right into that mic I played the field Am I not?

I knew you were sort of doing this I mean the lack of professionalism I have and I'm also very promiscuous So I have been on the block You know what, I'm sure people cannot keep their hands off of you You know what, I happen to be having a very sexual affair right now with Rana's brother What?

She's not comfortable talking about it But I have no problem talking about all of our proclivities Okay And all of the inclinations Beveling And all of the toys and things Beveling Close your ears for me Rana Toys?

Close your ears Allow me to remind you that you have a life that goes on after this interview A woman And if you talk too graphically about my husband Oh my god What?

Was that a Freudian slip?

No, please talk graphically about her dead husband Do you think that your vagina dies when you hit like 55?

Is that what you think?

A vagina just closes up?

It doesn't I'd like to think that How old are you?

No it does not We're in our late 50s But you don't ask that Please do not speak about my brother Okay?

It's bad I still can't get the image out of him in the bathtub when we were five Alright, so this is not something I want to hear about If it makes Have a little respect What is the image?

You were both five?

About the bathtub Is he your twin?

What was going on?

He was five, I was three No, but they look a lot alike And they make the same faces when they get very excited Yeah In the excited in what way?

No, well excited He's in a different way She imagines that we make the same face No, I don't What?

That I make love to my friend?

I don't think so Not for me Those were the exact words that you used I don't do those things You use those exact words I kissed a woman one time One time at a Purim carnival Well, several, it was all of the barbers Well, all the barbers A porn carnival?

Purim, Purim, Purim It's like Jewish Halloween, but it's in match A porn carnival You really, really are anti-Semitic Antigua Notaro I'm going to make a note of that You're on the list You should be on a list of some kind Yeah And not like Schindler's List That was a good list No, Mel Gibson's List Gibson's List That's what you should be on Gibson's List That's where you belong Okay You're really uneducated when it comes to what goes on I hope this doesn't wrap up anytime soon No, no, we're not But I do want to do a little something that A great feature on the show That I think these gals here are going to have some great opinions for it And it's a little something that we call Jukebox Jury Okay Where's the jingle?

There's no jingle with that?

That's the jingle Rofa Calliope You can't give lyrics to a song just by saying the musical instrument that's playing Organ Pipe Pipe Calliope Organ Accordion All right, it's time to play Jukebox Jury We all know how this is played People hear the comedy songs that I play on this program And they say, hey, play my song And so Submissions Submissions, yes So we say, okay, we'll play your song as long as we can Make fun of it afterwards and talk about if we like it or not We all know how this is played We'll start playing a song And it takes out of the four of us It takes three of us to raise our hand to stop it Otherwise, we hear it all the way through Okay So our first submission here is from the Sunday Service And it's called Put Your Ladies in the Car 1994 Venice Beach Italian nondescript trans Put your ladies in the car Everybody knows how cool we are I'm going to the restaurant I don't tip, bitch Oh, we got three All right, stop it But you can't all three Well, I mean, part of me wanted to hear more But it was like smelling milk in a carton And you think, is this rotten?

And of course, oh, it's terrible And you say, let me make sure it's rotten And you smell it again I mean, it was creative in its own way Because at first I thought it was like an island voice And then he went to Russian or Romanian No, it was Armenian pop music is all it was I want to hear kind of what he had up his sleeve Your voice went really high right there I don't know, what do I want to do here?

I mean, what about the rest of it?

I want to hear just a little bit more Yeah, we don't even know what it's At least 20 bucks No, wait, 20 euros Do you think you know what I'm talking about?

Wait, I was getting into the story There isn't a joke in this Will you play a little more?

I just want to hear how that goes Alright, a little more fatigue Why don't you take my currency?

Head to the club I want some water Can you hear him out?

I want some liquor But I don't want some beer I want some booze It's that stupid movie they did with the two guys dancing Roxbury Yeah, Blues Brothers Night at the Roxbury Night at the Roxbury Dirty dance We started over Put your ladies in the car Adopo Signora Garza Okay, yeah, yeah Here's what I'd say to this guy A funny voice does not a joke make That's what you would say Wait, are you Yoda?

That's what I'd say to this guy Next Why do you speak in Yoda talk?

Am I wrong?

Go ahead, say it in Yoda voice Am I wrong?

Am I mistaken?

A funny voice Does not a joke make Alright The human condition must not apologize The human condition again, oh boy Alright, so let's go around the room and let's give it a rating Pants or mustard, Rona, what do you give it?

Rona And pants You said Rona earlier No, you said Rona Okay, Rona And you said is it Rona or Rona and I said it's Rona and you said Rona You know, check the tape, you said it's Rona No, I'm pretty sure I said my own name correctly But you are the boss So tonight it's Rona Which is good, pants or mustard?

Pants or mustard, exactly, so what do you give it?

Pants I'm guessing is thumbs up What do you give it?

We need a rating, not discussion about the rating I give it like two mustards or something like that We need you to rate the song Between either pants or mustard We need you to rate, what I'm asking you is please rate the song It's terrible, is that pants or mustard?

Pants or mustard, what I need you to do is rate the song Between pants and mustard Who's on first, who's on first?

What I'm asking you to do is describe what you thought of the song using your rating But is the system pants or mustard?

What I need you to do currently is to use your mouth to use the rating And then we can move on Mustard Mustard, we got mustard, alright Beverly, how do you like to...

Oh mustard, mustard, mustachioed mustard Two mustards Pants for sure Pants Pants, ugh I'm gonna give that a pants as well, so we're two and two, alright He's still in the game?

Split decision, split decision on put your ladies in the car Let's move on to our next song, it is by Jonathan Finn I maybe don't want to say the title of this before we...

Might give away the joke Might give away the joke, so let's just hear this, Jonathan Finn Rudimentary guitar playing I was with a new lover making out on the couch when Things got a little heated and my penis came out and She jerked and pulled on it until it was raw I said you fucking bitch, your hand does not belong there at all You gotta suck it, fuck it Mustard Alright, three of us, we have a chorus I don't care for bitch, I don't care ever for the word I like that story Yeah, you know why I didn't like it It's a tale as old as time She had to have been mentally challenged because this is how he plays guitar And she was doing it with him I'm lucky that anyone is putting anything anywhere near him So don't bite the hand that's feeding your penis Don't bite the hand that yanks you Yanks you, exactly Alright, I think we all agree on this But I will have to ask for a rating Can we do a mashup between that song and the other song?

I don't believe we can, I don't think we have the capability How many schmucks do this submit to you every week? How does this work?

Oh, constantly, this is the absolute worst feature we do on the show I don't know why anyone would submit to it But our plug songs are way better than any song that has been submitted I'm going to say I don't think we've ever in the history of the show liked a single song Pants But pants is your rating?

Yeah, for sure, that was an obvious pants Beverly, how do you like to?

Pants Okay, two pants and I'm going to give it a pants too Three pants, alright Unfortunately, I am giving it mustard So sorry And it's a unanimous thing, right?

Yes, unanimous That means that's the Handjob Protest song, by the way, by Jonathan Finn Unfortunately, that's still in the mix Alright, so Handjob protest I mean, this guy, see, obviously that was a fantasy, I mean, come on Alright, so let's go to our third and final song This is by Summer and Eve I'm not going to say the title to this either, but Summer and Eve Let me guess, it's something about douche Alright, Summer and Eve Rihanna has always been like a mystery person, she knows how to This is the same song as the It's like Mysterious Ways kind of jam, it sounds I can make a bong out of just about anything Give me anything and I will make it a bong If you got some weed I will find a way to smoke it Any kind of fruit I'll make it into a bong Any meat or vegetable I'll make it a bong Any meat or vegetable I'll make it a bong Apple bong, beet bong, ham bong and banana bong I've made them all Bong song, bong song, bong song, bong song You can make a bong out of just about anything There's rock components necessary to make a bong Chamber bowls, green stem and mouthpiece for inhalation Please keep in mind I do not recommend the following bongs Poison bong, fire bong, razor blade bong You can ignore my great advice but I do not recommend it Look at my scars Bong song, bong song, bong song, bong song Everything around you will one day be a bong That ladies wouldn't like would make an excellent bong Everywhere I look all I see is bong potential Just one time I made the most legendary bong It was a bong inside a bong I smoked so much weed that I almost died But it was worth it, totally worth it Bong song, bong song, bong song, bong song Still only one hand Now I will present to you my upcoming bongs Bong song, bong bong, bong bong, chit-chat-dur-beak bong Super sonic, microscopic, hydroponic bong with a cup holder Two hands Jimmy Changa really wonka-ta-tanka But that's not a bong Probably cause it's going on a little long Bong song, bong song, bong song, bong song Bong song, bong song, bong song, bong song Actually I hope it's not called bong song Bong song, bong song, bong song, bong song I would call that song joint Long song Okay Long song No, we let that one play all the way through, we never reached a three hand quorum I would not take that as a As a compliment No That was a good song I was I was impressed with the harmonies Do you know the song When It's Time to Change It's exactly what I was It's a Brady Bunch song It's a Brady Bunch song Very enjoyable It's also, it's a, what it is, it's a nursery school song Yeah It's a children that song Yeah, well I mean that's a typical comedy trope is to use kind of a children's music type of production Good word, good word trope Could you show us another, could you think of another example of that?

Yeah Oh boy The Hanukkah song by Adam Sandler Yeah, exactly, yeah I didn't ask you It's kind of a kids song but with adult lyrics I thought that was really well produced It was very well produced but you know what, it wasn't funny enough They didn't do anything fun I once made a bong out of a shofar Do you know what that is?

I do, yeah It's a Jewish horn That's right I also made one Not the horns that Jews normally have I also smoke marijuana It's a ram's horn I smoke marijuana out of a mezuzah I smoke marijuana out of a lot of things that you can find around a typical Jewish household How much weed do you smoke?

No, I don't anymore Years ago There's just those two times She and Ellen Ginsburg, they were married for two weeks, she gained 14 pounds Oh my gosh Oh yeah, yeah, yeah We used to do like The Ginsburg 14 Oh sure Your peanut butt is in my chocolate Yeah, yeah, yeah I think that song's okay No I think it's at the quality of the songs that we normally play I think it's definitely mustard They said doo doo, doo doo kaka We're not ready to vote yet Oh, I'm sorry Did they say doo doo kaka?

They did say doo doo I thought that it was very well produced I thought they obviously put a lot of energy into it That slide guitar during the chorus But I mean there was nothing to it Meow Well, to be fair, that is comedy songs in general Like how many comedy songs actually make you laugh?

So they're all that bad is what you said All of the ones on those shows, Saturday Night Live, Andy Samberg's They all make me laugh They're all great, yeah He's one of the best And your penis in a box She's also an Ana Gastaya fan Me?

Yeah, sure Sure Why not?

Sweaty balls, hysterical Why can't they do fun things on anymore?

Nobody does anything fun I know, boy It's been years No fun, yeah It's been at least like, at least six months You know how I like that heavy girl in Bridesmaids She's very funny She was terrific But the other thing about that show Is that it used to be all they did All kinds of fun and interesting new characters And all they do is they impersonate people They replay the news I already read the news Yeah, seriously That's what we have computers for now Pants, pantaloons So you're giving a pants I thought you said it wasn't time to vote It wasn't at that point when you voted But it's time to vote She just instinctively knew So we have one for pants No, I'm sorry, it's not time for you to vote Oh, I'm sorry Rona Rana, how do you like to vote?

I'll give it a pants You get some pants over here Mustard Mustard over here And I'm giving it pants So you're the lone holdout on this, Tig You give it mustard Even though you would raise your hand When we were listening to it Mustard I thought was a positive thing So you're the lone holdout on this particular song Pants, pants So now we're going to have to No, I'm sorry You can't change your vote once you actually vote But now we have three songs that we were not able to agree upon So we're going to have to re-vote for them all So here we go I just feel like we put so much effort in Speed round Speed round, here we go So first thing that comes to mind Put your ladies in the car Mustard Pants Okay Handjob protest song Mustard Mustard Give your real answer Don't be cowed into saying whatever the other I am, I want what they want You really like that So the three of you said mustard, I say pants And bong song by Summer and Eve Pants Pants Mustard Right, gosh, we still don't agree on any of these All right, well, I don't know that we can at this point I think it's time to close up the jukebox, unfortunately What if they win?

If you were ever to agree on any of them Would the prize be you'd play it on air?

What's this one?

Yeah, we would play it on air What's this one?

This is a good song That's adorable This is cute This is cute This, I feel like I'm in Sunday with the Park with George Not the musical, the painting Or in Mary Poppins, Mary Poppins Pointillism, this makes me think of My mother was in Mary Poppins Really?

The woman?

My mother's a woman Julie Andrews My mother, the woman Julie enters and does what?

Who is your mother?

Julie Andrews You don't know my mother Victor Victoria I've seen Mary Poppins You've seen Julie Andrews?

Who's your mother?

Victor Victoria In Mary Poppins, where there's the long line of people waiting to get in You mean the nannies?

The nanny You mean she was in line to see the film?

I mean, in Mississippi she was an extra Was this in documentary footage in the Mississippi burning era?

In line to What going on in Mississippi in the 60s?

To audition for the nanny part Yeah And she'd have a talking part?

I was an extra and Spencer for hire Did you ever see that show?

I'm on Desperate Housewives Well, that is impressive Alright guys, well it's time for our very last feature on the show It is, of course, time for plugs Ooh-wee-ooh-ooh It's very Ooh-wee-ooh-ooh The earth's crust shook and shattered The people cried with fear The sky opened and from above Scott Aukerman appeared He carried loads of wisdom He brought it down below He heralded the moment when his guests would plug their shows It's time for plugs That was the bong song, people I like that one Any song that mentions me by name That was the bong, Summer and Eve That is The Double Clicks The Double Clicks and that is called It's Time for Plugs That is, if you have a song or a theme song for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plugs section Please go to earwolf.com and leave it in the appropriate thread I really like that one The Double Clicks Oh, so that was a new one, too?

That's a new one See, they're all so much better for the plugs Yeah, that was terrific That was terrific That was adorable I thought that was Summer and Eve I want to keep in touch with them So it is time, of course, to plug whatever it is you have out there going I was on Premium Blend 12 years ago Okay People can still see that somehow?

Yep, yep, boy Were you on Stand Up, Stand Up?

No, I was not Or Rosie O'Donnell's?

You know a lot about the art of stand up No, I don't My children watched a lot of television What was the one that Rosie hosted?

Yeah The Rosie O'Donnell Show on Oprah A Friday Night Live, a Friday Night Lights She was on Friday Night Lights No, it was Stand Up, Stand Up Show What was it?

It was called Stand Up Show Stand Up Showcase or something It was called Stand Up Show with Rosie Stand Up Spotlight, Stand Up Spotlight Now, were you on the Charlie Sheen roast?

No, I was there in the audience Hmm Enjoying myself Mm-hmm But I am touring You're touring?

Yeah How can people hear about your tour?

Well, I have a website I'm one of the first people to get a website Hmm And I've What is that now?

To HTTP colon HTTP And so Forward slash, forward slash It's just HTTP Oh, okay And so people can go to my website And I tour all the time And if you're sitting there at your house Listening to this And you go There's no way she's coming to my town Guess what?

You're wrong You're wrong I'm heading over there right now You're going to the airport, I know I'm going from Mississippi to your house Yeah And I have a podcast on your network Professor Blastoff, of course Called Professor Blastoff I love that show It sounds like a masturbation show It is in a way But it's basically I love the show You guys take a really serious subject like AIDS Like AIDS That's what I was going to say No, you take Like philosophy Somali pirates No, like philosophy or love you had a show about You take a serious subject And then the three of you You and your co-hosts Deal with it in a funny manner But also in a manner of like A bunch of people sitting around Lay people talking about the subject Muslims Laos people Who are the other two people?

Kyle Dunnigan and David Huntsberger Don't shake your head Kyle Dunnigan plays an instrument That's his thing Yeah Still with that?

It's been a long time It sounds to me like We're tired of the guitar It sounds to me like a salon You know what?

You know what a salon is?

Yeah Like Age of Enlightenment People would sit around Discuss ideas And exchange ideas I just said yeah I do know Well So what after I say yes You sounded like you were posturing So after I say yes It sounded like posturing That means oh here comes a definition anyway In your particular instance yes So you say words and then you define them For those that I feel that need definitions Such as?

Yeah Such as yourself All right So Professor Blassoff Blassoff I think that explains it in a great way Ronna and Bav, anything you want to plug?

Yeah We have a live performance at the UCB Theater in Los Angeles And we often bring fun people and guests And they sit there in this hot seat Sure They're trapped Yeah It's like a talk show Like a chat show Yeah We interview celebrities Some sort of comedy show Like your Conan but funny Yeah it's a comedy show Because that's at a comedy theater at the UCB And you guys But you know But that's because people come to laugh And if you can't laugh at your situation in life What can you do?

Yeah Wise words Such sound device Such sound device The human condition must not apologize It's such a sound device For itself And we have our podcast Yeah Which comes out every two weeks It comes out On Fridays usually On Shabbat Shabbat It's called Ronna and Bev Yeah the Ronna and Beverly podcast You are so obstinate I thought it was called Don't listen to this Upcoming Not a quick learner Upcoming Unless you're being deliberate On the podcast include Robert Riggle Yeah Okay And Jimmy Pado Jimmy Pado who's very Who's you know Adorable like a little leprechaun Harris Whittles And Harris Whittles He's also Yeah All small people Except for the first one Yeah Do you have to be some sort of I mean I would You know I don't know if you're Accepting applications Would you like to be on our podcast?

I would love to be on your podcast Why not?
