---
layout: page
title: 142. Tim & Eric,James Adomian [11368⧸21026].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

They've never been on the show together.

Tim and Eric of Awesome Show Great Job are here looking at me.

They're in the room together.

Oh boy, I can't wait.

This is going to be a fun show.

All of that and more all on today's...

Hey everybody.

No catchphrase this week.

I decided not to do one and I promise that what I'm saying right now is not a catchphrase.

No matter what I say after this, I promise you that this is not a catchphrase.

Even if my next sentence is, that was a catchphrase submitted by Ethan Cushing, I swear to you, it isn't.

All right.

Thank you very much.

That was a catchphrase submitted by Ethan Cushing.

Big shout out to Reggie Ripoff Watts.

Oh, what did he do?

Well, all his shtick with the pedals and stuff is an old Tim and Eric bit we used to do.

Oh.

We were the old loop kings of Philadelphia.

We did that exact kind of comedy.

I heard that when you guys started out in Philadelphia, you were the loop kings.

Well, we were called the loop heads and we used to get a bunch of loop pedals and do comedy and loop it and just make beats and do basically his act.

I heard that Reggie was in a group called the Fruit Loops, like a competing group.

Yeah.

He came to one of our shows and he didn't know anything about this loop technology.

And after the show, he came up to us and was like, what are all those buttons and how does that work?

And we were showing him how to use the buttons.

For like three hours from what I heard.

Sample like a boom.

And you could see the wheels turning in his head and a thought bubble comes.

I'm going to steal this act from Tim and Eric and do it on my own.

I heard that you can see thought bubbles, by the way.

I can.

That is so weird.

What am I thinking right now?

Can you see mine?

You're thinking, God, this is the greatest interview.

I'm such a honored to be here with Tim and Eric.

Exactly.

Proof you can do it.

Well, speaking of, let me explain what you're listening to.

This is Comedy Bang Bang, of course, and I'm not sauce man.

And this is, I'm sitting here with two gentlemen who, paragons of the comedy scene.

Is that fair to say, paragons?

Yeah, look it up.

It's pretty good.

Pretty good definition, I think.

It's mediocre.

Mediocre, really?

Okay.

I'll take that.

Icons?

Really?

Friends of comedy?

A Jason Two comedy?

Fountainheads.

Good.

Fountains of Wayne.

Spearheads.

Reggie Watts, we did a tour with him in Ireland recently.

Reggie Ripoff Watts.

And I was just, I got an email from our agent and it was a scanned thing from the biggest magazine in Ireland saying we were the number one live acting comedy and there was nothing about Reggie Watts.

Wait, by the way, in Ireland.

In Ireland.

So.

Okay.

One of the biggest countries there is, besides America and England.

Right.

And the cool thing was if you look through the list, you know, you see us as number one then a couple Irish acts and I don't know who these people are.

And then very small, you see Demetri Martin, barely mentioned.

So that was cool for us.

That's great.

How's that feel to know that you're three above Demetri?

It felt pretty cool.

I attached that JPEG and sent it to my parents and said, look how much higher we are than Demetri.

And she was like, well, I love Demetri.

So yeah, so you sent it to both of your parents?

I did.

Yours and Tim's?

Yeah.

I communicate with Cain Rich a lot.

By the way, I want to say who you guys are, but it's of course Tim and Eric.

I mean, they should have known it from paragons of comedy.

My dad's a big Martin head when it comes to comedy.

Martin Lawrence?

No, Demetri Martin.

Oh, okay.

And he has all his records and comedy specials and even taped the TV show he did for Comedy Central.

Even that?

Yeah.

And he's like back and forth.

He knows it all.

And when Eric sent my dad that link, that we're better than Demetri Martin, he freaked because he thought, wow, I backed the wrong horse.

Our parents are way into Martin humor and his style and they finally believed in us when they saw us, that Irish magazine that I can't even remember the name of.

That's great.

I mean, usually we don't get into how our parents feel about us until the second segment, but that's so great that we're starting off- My dad freaked.

Yeah, I can bet.

My dad's still not proud of me.

I'm not above Demetri Martin yet or he's a big fan of you guys.

So if I ever showed him a magazine where I was above you, that would be killer right there.

Don't you think?

Yeah.

I recently sent my parents the trailer for a new movie and it has some horrible, disgusting things that Tim and I do.

And all my mom's comment was, well, I can't tell anyone about another one.

Here's another thing that you guys done that I can't tell anyone about.

That happened to me with my...

My mother was the queen of backhanded compliments where she...

The very first episode of Mr. Show that I ever appeared on, I didn't write it or anything, but I was just like basically an extra, glorified extra practically.

For some reason, her and my dad rented a hotel room to get HBO for the one night.

Instead of like someone pointed out to me recently, it would have been cheaper just to get HBO for one month and then drop it.

But they rented a hotel room and didn't tell me they were doing this.

She called me the next day.

First of all, if you don't like it, don't call me the next day, right?

But she calls me the next day and says, well, your father and I rented a hotel room to watch Mr. Show.

I was like, oh, really?

What'd you think about it?

She goes, well, you've gained a little weight, haven't you?

I was like, well, what did you think of the show?

She goes, we turned it off halfway through.

Wow.

I'm sorry, is this the Scott Ackerman interview?

Are we interviewing him?

Yeah.

So what else do you have for him?

What other episodes of Mr. Show are you involved in?

You can just look that up on Wikipedia, I think.

Guys, thank you so much for being on the show.

This is a big thrill for me to have the two of you in the same room.

Yeah.

Where it doesn't happen usually, especially not on a Saturday.

Yeah, really.

You guys are Monday through Friday friends, right?

Absolutely.

We have a, I don't know, a lot of people know this, but I guess eight years now, we've been with Dream Management.

Oh, I think, were you telling us about Dream Management, your last appearance?

Maybe, I can't remember, but part of the stipulation is we have a 25-year contract with each other where we'll be working together for 25 years, but there are very specific hours involved.

So Monday through Friday, we already established that, but what are the hours?

10 to 6.

That's not bad.

That's an eight-hour day.

Yeah.

40-hour a week.

So we're required to work with each other for that amount of time, for 25 years.

But outside of those hours, we can do whatever we want.

So 17 more years to go?

You said it was eight years ago?

Yeah, 17 more.

On the off days, we do have to check in with Dream Management hourly just to...

You have to carry a beeper too, right?

Just to make sure Tim and I are not together.

So this is really...

Oh, is that part of the contract?

They have to make sure you're not together.

Well, they have this great idea, great sort of philosophy of that separation breeds creativity.

Absence makes the heart grow fonder.

Yes, and so they wanted to create a balance of when we spend time together.

It's really smart.

I mean, it's pretty strict, too, as well.

Have you guys ever wanted to see a ball game together on the weekends or something?

Oh, yeah, there's lots of family events that I'd love to invite Tim for dinner parties.

And I check in with the head of Dream Management, Mike Rizzo, and he says, absolutely not.

You know the contract.

He says, pull out the contract, Eric, and I look it up and he says, you cannot see Tim on the weekends.

And I said, he says, do you trust me?

And I say, I trust you, Mike.

Oh my God, so you guys have gotten married.

Did you have to do it on a Thursday so you could invite each other?

No, I got married on a Saturday and Eric was not at the wedding.

I saw the Facebook pictures recently and it was a beautiful wedding.

I wished him well.

I said, I'm on a present on the weekday.

I'll tell you, though, he took me out.

We had a nice Tuesday lunch that week where he really did a nice toast, the two of us.

Oh, that's so nice.

And he said, congratulations on all your success.

That's such a nice toast.

But the thing about Dream is they get us.

You know what I'm saying?

They really know us.

Well, that's got to be, you got to stick with the people who are like pushing you up.

You know, you can't push them down once you're up on top.

You know what I mean?

We're on board with the Dream team.

I mean, it's a QCC and that's sort of industry talk for quarter century contract.

And they love it there.

They stand by it.

They say it's worth it.

Yeah.

And look at where you guys are.

You only have a third of the way through, just 17 more years to go, which would take you till your, you know, in your fifties, I would imagine, or?

Yeah.

And Dream's got big, big plans for us, you know.

They have big dreams.

Yeah.

But Eric and I are both working on a game show together right now, appearing, being a different contestant on a couple of different game shows shooting in LA.

Is this an exclusive right now?

No, I'm just saying these are things that Dream's giving us the opportunity to do.

Which games?

We're doing The Feud and...

The Price.

Yeah.

Two of our, the two of our Hollywood dreams.

Yeah.

Wow.

That is, that's amazing guys.

Congratulations.

Dreams come true at Dreams.

Can you hook me up with them at all or?

Dream management?

Yeah.

Dream ed.

I mean, I've heard of them certainly, but you know, I'm not really at that level yet.

Just call 1-800-692-RIZZO.

Okay.

692.

Oh, Rizzo.

Oh, okay.

For...

Oh, okay.

Got it.

Yeah.

Great.

Thank you.

I will.

And then I can just say that you guys told me to call or is that a private number?

Do you have a reel or anything like that?

Do you have a comedy reel?

I have a reel-to-reel.

Is that...

You know what a reel is, like where it highlights some of your greatest material that you've done, like some stuff from Mr. Show or...

No.

What...

It is...

You compile all your best stuff.

If you've done any viral work, like you put that together, call Riz, he'll take a look at it if he has time.

Wait, who's Riz?

That's Mike Rizzo.

Oh, oh, oh.

We've been working with so many years, we call him the Riz.

That's great.

I love that.

It's just cool shit in Hollywood, you know.

Do you guys have nicknames for yourselves, for each other?

Well, I'm Mike and he's the dope.

The dope.

Mike and the dope.

We're doing a morning radio together, actually.

We've been doing it for a couple of years now.

I don't know if you get AM here.

The anti-meridian?

No, the frequency AM radio.

Oh, oh, right, right, right.

AM 690, Mike and the dope in the morning.

Oh, 690.

Yeah.

AM in the morning, Mike and the dope in the morning.

We've been doing that for two years now.

That's fantastic.

We do a lot of cool like sound drops, like boop.

Oh, wait, isn't that the one that you used for your- It's called loop heads.

Yeah, your loop heads.

Yeah.

You're really fond of that one.

Morning, everybody.

You're listening to Mike and the dope in the morning.

I'm here with the dope.

How was your weekend, dope?

Doooooop.

And, you know, it's kind of like her catch thing.

Yeah, I understand.

Well, you know, I mean, speaking of dream management, your dreams literally are coming true now.

I mean, can we talk about the reason you're here?

I mean- Five South looking real congested out there, dope, you having trouble getting in here this morning?

Doooooop.

I'm the dope.

It seems to me like you're playing kind of, and maybe, Tim, maybe you're noticing this, you're sort of playing a character.

Yeah, that's what the dope is.

I mean, it's a great character developed over many years.

So, you can give some real information, like traffic patterns, and I'll just give my commentary every time, and it's usually, doooooop.

Sixty-three degrees coming up this weekend.

A beautiful day to go out there and spend some time with your friends.

Don't be on any plans for the weekend.

Ah, doooooop.

Tim, it sounds like you're doing a character, too, like some sort of, like, Chicago- That's what we're a heightened radio guy.

Oh, whoa.

My radio voice.

Can we talk about why you're here?

Yes.

I mean, other than just to hang out and chat- You're talking about popcorn.com, right?

Yes.

Popcorn.com, of course.

Let's talk about it.

We're very excited about our involvement with Popcorn.com.

You were finally able to get the domain name.

We're a movie, no, we have nothing, we don't have an ownership position in Popcorn.com.

But, you know, Eric and I are coming out with a film called Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie, and if you go onto Popcorn.com, register, log in, and submit your ticket stub or receipt of payment from- Like a scan?

... then you're on demand.

A scan of it, or do you- There's usually a confirmation number either on your printout or actually on the ticket.

You can use that too and type that into Popcorn.com.

So type in like the location of the theater and then- It's all located in the numerical code on the ticket.

It's very simple to understand.

You get on there, log in, provide that information, and you're instantly eligible to win a lifetime supply of popcorn from Popcorn.com.

We're jazzed about it.

And what they've been telling us, and I can't confirm this, but one in every two people that sign up will get a free lifetime supply of popcorn.

That's 50%.

Yeah.

So you have a 50% chance.

You go to see our movie, you not only get a great movie, but you have a chance of getting popcorn for life.

And I'm not talking about plain, I'm talking about buttered, I'm talking about butterscotch- Caramel.

... and I'm talking about caramel.

Garlic.

I'm not sure about garlic.

Salt and pepper.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I didn't mean to bring that up.

I love this idea too because not only do you get a lifetime supply, but you get it wherever and whenever you want.

So you can go to a theater and they just, you show them like your popcorn.

Yeah.

Popcorn.com badge or something?

Yeah.

Well, there's a number, there's an app, you get an app with it.

So cool.

You get an app.

Oh, that's so cool.

That's modern too.

It's a location-based device.

It's called My Popcorn Now, isn't it, with the app.

And you put in, it knows where you are, you add your location and you say, you just press now.

There's a button there that says now, and within 20 minutes, you get as much popcorn as you want.

Wait, someone brings you the popcorn?

Absolutely.

And that's for life, Scott.

That's for life.

It's for the life of the person who bought the ticket.

Say you go to see the billion dollar movie, you sign up, you win that 50%.

You might win, your wife might not.

Flip of a coin.

You might not.

I mean, there's a chance you might not.

But let's say you do.

Okay.

What if you and your wife go and you both win the popcorn?

Oh, you guys are set for life.

That's a good life.

Of course, if you get divorced, then you don't have to worry about so much popcorn.

Yeah.

So here's a good question, say that you and your wife go together, only one of you wins the popcorn.

Okay?

You get divorced, California law, your spouse gets 50% of everything.

Who gets the popcorn at that point?

Who gets the app?

Who gets the popcorn?

That law does not apply to popcorn.com.

It's a very long list of rules and requirements and the popcorn will stay with you.

Let's take an example.

You're on a Delta flight from LA to New York.

Okay.

To go on this Delta flight.

Right?

Let's say you're going to visit some friends.

Okay.

And where do they live?

In the city?

Midtown?

You're sky high.

Wait, but who cares?

You're sky high.

Who cares?

I need to put myself into this situation.

This is a hypothetical situation.

Yeah, but I need to know why I'm on this plane.

You're going to a friend's wedding in Times Square and you are sky high over the middle of the country.

You go, I'm dying for some pecan.

So I get on my app, pop it up, pop it on.

Wait, is that, it's pop it up, pop it on?

Or I thought it was- Popcorn now.

Oh, got it.

Popcorn now.

You'll see it.

The icon is a piece of popcorn.

It's automatically on your homepage.

It's cool.

It looks like an un-popped popcorn, but when you press it, it pops into it.

Oh my gosh.

That's crazy.

It will sound like boop.

And then you press the now button.

It's popcorn now.

Popcorn now.

And within 15 minutes, there's your hot, fresh popcorn waiting for you on the tarmac.

How on a, oh, on the, but wouldn't you have to land or?

They'll land the plane.

We're at the closest airport.

Whatever the closest city to it, they'll drop you down.

And the other people on the plane don't care about this?

Do they support it?

Or- They do care because imagine smelling that beautiful popcorn.com popcorn, not being able to have a bite.

Is that part of it?

You're not allowed to share the popcorn with anyone?

Well, you can, but I would never share some popcorn.com popcorn.

That shit is good.

Once you stop, you're going to pop.

Yeah, absolutely.

But popcorn.com's smart because when the popcorn delivery guy shows up, he also has popcorn for sale.

So if you're with your friend, Mike or somebody who's like- Oh, I get it.

Oh, that smells good.

Can I have some?

I'm like, no.

This is my popcorn.

I'm not letting you have any.

Popcorn guy has a whole store in his truck.

He'll sell you as much as you want.

That's how they make their money too is now all of a sudden everyone wants popcorn.

I get it now.

There's a market for it.

Another cool thing is on the actual popcorn bag, there's Tim and Eric's billion dollar movie.

There's print information where the theaters are.

So you can just, after you've done popcorn, you just reach behind you in the seat and you just pass and say, pass this on.

So for life- There's a lot of advertising information about the movie.

So for as long as people live, there will be advertising information about your movie on the- Oh my gosh.

That's incredible.

And people are always like, well, what do you, I mean, okay, free popcorn for life.

You press popcorn now and what do you get?

Like a little, little shitty bag of popcorn.

Oh yeah.

I can imagine.

Like I'm on a flight sometimes, JetBlue say, and they bring you a snack.

It's like a little tiny bag of peanuts.

You know?

Have you ever seen this?

Yeah.

It comes in a, it comes in a two gallon jar.

Two gallon jar.

Two gallons of popcorn?

I don't know if I could even eat two, but- No, I end up throwing most of it away because I have this, I have this plan.

Do you recycle it or do you- I just scatter it around.

For the birds?

Yeah.

Well, I can tell you that deal is not for the birds.

That sounds like an amazing deal.

And how- We're psyched.

I mean, it's worth, the money that we put into it is worth it.

So we're excited about it.

Wait.

How much money did you put into it?

It's like a quarter million dollars.

Whoa.

We took out a pretty huge investment for the, the movie.

How do you recoup?

Pretty passionate.

Do you recoup in ticket sales to the movie or do you recoup in, in, do you guys own cornfields somewhere?

Well, there's a corn, there's a corn correlation between the ticket sales and the amount of- A correlation.

Of, well, I'm not exactly sure of the math, but Dream could answer that question for you.

Dream Talent.

Can we get them on the phone 1-800-692-RIZZO, by the way, Dustin, if we can get them on the phone to talk about this, that would be amazing.

The Riz set this whole deal up.

He said, drop a quarter mill into this.

And we said, wow, that's like, you know, that's a huge investment on the movie.

We had a great- Sure.

And he said, yes.

Did he trust me?

We had a great- Did he, did he, yeah.

You know, he has this great pie chart that he goes through with us and it's called the four quarters of success.

One is a quarter century of work together.

Okay, good.

The other is a quarter- And you got that covered.

Yeah, quarter million dollars into popcorn.com.

Okay, good.

And then a quarter of a, just, he always says to keep a lucky quarter in your pocket no matter where you go.

Because you know, you may need to call someone, your cell phone's not working.

Right.

You know what I mean?

Payphone, immediately.

Right.

And our, we have our professional nicknames, Mike and the Dope, but our personal nicknames is Two and Five.

And that's another look.

Two and Five, that's amazing.

So you guys are like covered, 360 there.

That's the plan.

Yeah.

Oh God.

I'm learning so much about show businesses from you.

Thank you so much.

Yeah, it's cool, smart stuff.

So, so you're suggesting people go see the billion dollar movie.

We don't need to necessarily talk about that necessarily, but popcorn.com sort of ties into it.

There's absolutely nothing else to discuss about popcorn.com.

We covered it from every single angle.

Okay, I'm so sorry from every angle.

I gave you a hypothetical.

We talked about the business structure of it.

We talked about how great the corn is.

What else do we want to talk about?

Can we talk more about the wedding in Times Square aspect of it?

That's your business.

Well, you know, Tim, I got to say, this is so much more of a pleasant conversation than the last time that you were in here.

We haven't seen each other since then.

That was rough.

That was a little rough, tough stuff.

What happened?

Well, Tim came in and was on the show and was having an issue with some of my questions.

I was on Sudafed, first of all, I'd been on Sudafed for three days straight.

That explains 99% of it.

And slept a wink.

And they say it's supposed to make you sleepy.

What they don't know about Sudafed can fill a book.

I know.

But I do this, a pop of sood, and then I do like a gallon of coffee.

Is that where that bad name came from?

Pop of sood?

Yeah.

Oh, I get it now.

It's a drug reference.

Okay.

Well, yeah, I mean, you're so much more nice right now.

Appreciate it.

Yeah, I feel great.

I really appreciate it.

You're not supposed to take any Sudafed or any cold medicine.

Yeah, stay off that.

It really made you irritable.

And a lot of people were, and justifiably, I think, they were really upset with you about ...

Oh, my apologies to those dopes.

Come on.

I mean, they're just...

Those friends.

Okay, there we go.

Okay.

They were really upset with you and they said, you're kind of like a jerk.

They were a fan of yours, but you're kind of a jerk.

Right.

You know what I mean?

So thank you so much for coming back here.

You're on the wrong side of the bed syndrome.

Oh, I've been there.

We've all been there, I would think.

You know what I mean?

Well, so a billion dollar movie that's coming out, what's the... It's coming out... Today's Monday the 30th, so it's... How can people see this film?

It's going to be in theaters, obviously.

Yeah.

Theaters, March 2nd.

Okay, check.

Movie theaters.

Don't go to your local...

Oh, like...

Theater where people...

Summer stock.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, okay.

You're going to check out timanderrick.com.

You're going to find out if a theater's close to you.

If a theater's not close to you, you're going to watch on VOD.

Or move to closer to the theater.

Absolutely.

We'd love you to see this in the theater.

We just love it.

Yeah.

Movies are meant to be seen...

Yeah.

On the B-screen.

Yeah.

The big screen.

The B-screen.

In Hollywood we call it the B-screen.

All right.

Yeah.

But if you can't, if for some reason you're in one of those areas, you know, like for instance, Lodi, California.

You're fucked.

You can't see it.

You don't want to take a road trip.

You know how sometimes we'll go road trip and gather our buddies and go somewhere.

Sometimes people can't do that.

There's no way to not be able to be in a position where you don't see this movie.

Say you live in New York or you live in a big city.

You go to the theater.

You go see it in the movie theater with your best friend.

You don't live in those cities.

Let's say you live in Lodi.

You have cable.

You order it on-demand.

We're about the same price as the damn ticket.

It's not a big deal.

You just watch it at home.

It's HD.

Dope.

Dum-dum.

Let's say you don't have cable.

Well, guess what?

I guess you're on the internet, don't you?

Get on iTunes and get it from iTunes.

Same thing.

What?

Yeah.

And watch it on what?

Your computer?

Your tablet?

Your phone?

Watch it wherever you want.

We hope you watch it on the BS, the big screen.

Let me ask you this- Not the big TV.

Let me ask you this question.

What gets you guys the most money?

That's what I'm all about.

Supporting the artist.

Right.

That's a good question.

There will be an option for the VIP premium deluxe package.

Whoa.

This is the first time I'm hearing about this.

Right.

If you go to timanderrick.com and you order the premium deluxe package, it's $150,000.

Okay.

That's almost what you sunk into popcorn.com.

Right.

That's close to it.

So if two people buy this- What that gets you is you get to download the VOD.

You get the Blu-ray DVD when that comes out.

You get a free signed t-shirt.

What t-shirt?

Of the billion dollar movie.

Oh, I was thinking of like a Haynes Plain White Tea, but this is better.

Right.

And Tim and Eric, this is what I love.

Tim and Eric will personally call your home or send you a message and leave a message on your voicemail.

Whoa.

It's huge.

That does not happen for most people.

And it gets better because you immediately automatically get entered into the popcorn.com popcorn for life contest.

And that's difficult to do because you have to actually go to a theater to see that movie in order to get- Exactly.

So- Oh, wow.

It's a great opportunity.

It's not for everybody.

It's a lot of cash, but the swag that you get out of it is huge.

If you have that kind of cash lying around though, it just might be something worth it to you.

We even do a ringtone for you.

If you set up the recorder, we'll be like, yeah, this is Tim and Eric.

What up?

Leave a message.

Brash.

What about ring decks?

Do you do them?

Or we do ringtones, for example, like, yo, it's Tim and Eric.

You got a call coming in.

Dope.

Pick it up.

Dummy.

Now, what is- So people, by the way, people shouldn't- Yeah.

What is going to stop people from snipping that out of this?

That's not going to work.

It doesn't work.

Okay.

I tried it.

It doesn't- You know what?

We're going to put some sort of copy protection- Watermark on this kind of thing.

Yeah.

No problem.

So if you try to snip that out of this, by the way, you're just going to hear a high pitch whine.

Yeah.

It's going to destroy your phone and all your contacts.

Oh, and it'll send all the naked pictures that you've taken to upload them to- It's a bad idea.

Yeah.

Don't do that, guys.

A lot easier just to send us the 150 Gs.

You know what I'm saying?

I do.

Do you guys want to talk about the movie at all?

What this is?

This is your first feature film?

Yeah.

Do you guys want to say what people can expect?

People know who you are.

You've done a show called By All Accounts.

It's called- It's called By All Accounts.

It's a British mystery detective show.

Where it's an accountant who just sees numbers and- Tim and Eric's By All Accounts.

You can go into their books and find out if they've killed someone by what they've bought.

And we'll be right back.

Can you imagine listening to this podcast and not knowing who we are and have to listen to be explained for the 10,000th time who we are and what we do?

All right.

So people know who you are.

Could you just lean into the mic and do that a little?

People know who you are.

They know you have a movie coming out.

It's stupid to even talk about it, right?

Because people know at this point.

The ad campaign.

What are you spending on pub?

I don't know.

I would just say you should be very excited.

This is going to be a huge movie.

Tim and Eric, we met in film school.

It's always been our dream.

Tim being a big mess right now.

It's not everywhere.

Mucus everywhere on the SoundCraft.

You guys met in film school back then.

Back then the day, you were just like street punks practically, I bet.

You were just like guys who like you had skateboards, you had cameras, you were just like film and shit, right?

Big baggy pants, goatees.

We were a mess.

Tim brought me over.

He said, check out this show.

It was Mr. Show.

I might've seen you at that point.

Who knows?

I might've been my first eyes on you.

Did you think I gained weight?

You look good.

I think you were naked, actually.

Oh yeah, the taint.

That was huge.

You guys are in film school.

You're inspired.

You say, I want to do what they do.

We want to do exactly what Bob and David are doing.

Exactly.

You know what?

Four seasons, four or five seasons of a groundbreaking, revolutionary, very popular, but small audience sketch show, then make a film, then never make a film ever again.

Make a film, be incredibly unhappy with it.

Have your vision be compromised.

No, that didn't happen to you guys.

We're very, very happy with the movie.

We had an amazing opportunity to make this movie exactly the way we wanted to make it with the same people that made Awesome Show and no very, very little compromise in any way that Eric and I were able to do exactly what we wanted to do with this movie.

So we're very happy with it.

And there's stars in this movie.

That's the other thing people don't know.

It's a stars galore.

It's like, you might...

You know, people maybe are going to be a little afraid like, Tim and Eric, I don't know, are they movie stars?

Are they TV stars?

I don't know how to classify them at this point.

I'm a little nervous going into this movie.

Calm down.

There are movie stars in this movie, right?

Absolutely.

There's going to be a lot of people going in there for Galifianakis, John C. Reilly, Will Ferrell, and they are going to walk out within minutes.

That's a guarantee.

You're looking for the new step brothers, you're fucked.

But I'm very excited because you know that I'm a big fan of you guys and this is a dream come true.

I mean, with Mr. Show, we never got to make our dream come true.

Like we said, the film's a piece of shit and we never got to see it out there on the big screens with the people laughing and the people rollicking in the aisles.

We never got to see that.

And you guys are going to see that.

That's amazing.

Well, we hope so.

Yeah.

I mean, we tried to make it as cheap as possible so that the expectations would be low enough that we would be able to get away with what we wanted to do.

And then that way you make a little more of this, right?

That's what it's about, baby.

That's why we're here.

That and the popcorn from popcorn.com.

Well, that's money in its own way.

If you think about it, you can sell your own corn.

I mean, you got to spend money to make money.

You know what I mean?

Right.

They always say that.

I've never really figured that out, how that works.

I've been bundling up my corn and selling it to my neighbors because they love it and they're like, instead of going down to Vaughan's or wherever at the grocery store, I'll get my corn here.

Alberson's.

I'm trying to do this invention where you take the popcorn and bring it back into the kernel.

Well, wait a minute.

So like a popped kernel, okay, and then like a reverse time kind of thing or how would that work?

Yeah.

Because then I could grow that corn down in the ground and have my own corn stalks.

Oh, that's the dream.

This is something that Riz came to me and said, Tim has this idea.

And I said, I'm out.

You know?

Oh, so this is just Tim Solo?

This is weekend Tim?

This is a weekend thing and I support him as a friend on the weekdays.

But I said, Riz, I'm out.

I'm in for a quarter mill on this popcorn bullshit.

I got to start putting a profit somewhere here.

Wow.

I mean, you guys have fascinating lives.

I mean, this is why you do podcasts, you know, so that you can hear kind of the ins and outs of what you guys are up to.

We want everyone to experience popcorn.com as a, you know, don't think about the money.

Just enjoy the corn after you see our movie.

But it's a big deal.

Everybody is the audio thing.

So everybody close their eyes and picture that white fluffy corn, one piece of that corn, white, beautiful, fluffy, salted corn.

Now imagine that being squished back down to that yellow little hard thing and putting that in the soil and watering it and over time that corn stalk grows.

And boy, that makes 10 kernels instead of just that one, something to think about.

Well, why don't we take a break here?

We'll think about this during the song.

I want to play something from your record, the awesome songs.

So let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll hear more of the ins and outs of show B, biz.

SB.

SBusiness.

Okay, SBusiness.

We're going to hear more about SBusiness with Tim and Eric.

We'll be right back.

Pop, top, check it out.

Lick the foil with your tongue.

Give it to your friends as a gift.

As a gift.

I'm going to write down one word.

Let's change gears.

You know what that makes me think about?

Rollo Tony, Brown Town.

Check yourself at the door.

Give me some more.

Give me some more of your Rollos.

Rollo Tony, Brown Town.

Check yourself right at the door.

Give us all some Rollos.

You know you got to give us some more of those Rollos.

And we're back.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

And we're here with Tim and Eric of the Billion Dollar Movie coming out.

The Billion Dollar Movie, Billion Dollar Movie.

Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie.

Oh my God.

That is- It's a branded situation.

It's like national lampoons, but not as- Mike and the Dope 2 and 5, right here in front of me.

And we have a very special guest coming to the microphone right now.

Excuse me, boy.

I think I sort of did an inside burp and he slammed the microphone at the same time, so maybe they covered each other up.

You can't hear either of those.

All good.

All one.

Yeah.

You know him as the inventor of Dr. Bronner's Magic Soap, I believe it's his company, which is a toiletries company.

Is that correct?

Soap for cleaning, cleaning body, always rubbing chest, always lather, lather, pepperminting, pepperminting, always cleaning body, cleaning face, cleaning butt, cleaning heart, always towards heart, moral ABC, one God, one all.

We are all one.

Hello.

It's good to be here.

Yeah, I haven't said your name yet, and God, that was quite a tirade.

Dr. Bronner.

Dr. Bronner, yes.

Nice to be here.

Dr. Bronner.

Yeah, welcome to the show.

You're our second guests.

I mean, you guys are one and two, but you're kind of, I mean, you're kind of a team.

You know what I mean?

You're like one.

You don't take offense to that when I say he's second guest, right, because you guys came on first together.

As long as you keep us in the one area according to our contract.

Sorry, I'm just sending a text picture to Todd Berry.

Oh, great.

Yeah.

Just hung out with him.

You did?

He was in LA?

No, I hung out with him in New York City.

Okay.

Sheesh.

Boy, that's a close one, right?

LA, a city, a wonderful option to be in, New York, also a different city, they are all one.

There is no difference.

Eternally?

There is none.

No, I mean, I guess that's true, just people in general, you know, we're all just one human race.

Adam, Isaac, Einstein, Harry Shearer, Mark Spitz, all people.

This is all one, all coming down, all one, Buddha, God, four, triad, clover piece.

Yeah, I can see that lineage.

Yeah, that is a wonderful progression.

So what is going on with you?

I don't know that much about your company.

You make soap.

There is only two things to remember.

Okay.

Number two things, soap, cosmetic, always be natural, peppermint, tea tree oil, little bit of castile soap, slight trace element cyanide, little bits to lather, to keep healthy, to avoid moral ABC, to make sure that you always, always cleaning, cleaning, cleaning, making yourself number two, follow moral ABC, rejected, not truth, always only truth, because truth come in only two sides.

You know, I guess I'm finding it hard to think of a way to have a conversation with you.

You're just kind of scouting craziness right now.

I answer any question for you.

I answer, I'm here to sell my soaps, Dr. Bronner's magical soaps.

Can you answer questions without going into rants?

Is that going to be possible at all?

What is rants?

Have problem with my answer?

I come here, 1948, here Israel is founded.

I come here.

I'm guessing this is not possible then, because anything I'm saying, you're just going into a rant.

Can you just kind of like be concise and like answer- Concise.

Yes.

I remember when I appear.

No, no, no.

Don't remember anything.

I just want you to like, just answer the question.

Always living now, never remembering, never in the past, always.

Never the moral ABC.

This is really difficult, guys.

Can you help me out here?

Can you, like, is there anything that you just- I have not been listening at all.

You guys are used to talking to weirdos on your show, right?

Like you have a lot of- I am big fan.

I'm waiting for a billion dollar movie.

I think this is a major evolutionary point.

First we clean, we brush our teeth.

Right.

Peppermint, little bit of baking soda, possible poisons, toxins, just trace amounts, and then we go for a billion dollar movie for a trillion people, human race, living one, all God, forever.

All of us.

One.

One piece.

I'm an Irish spring guy.

Been for, since birth, pretty much.

My dad washed me good with Irish spring, and I smell like a really fresh- It's not soap.

It's not soap.

Hold on, take a break here for a second.

I've always wanted to tell you, and let's be serious here for a second.

I've always wanted to tell you that you smell really, really good.

I smell fresh.

Is that what that is?

Is that Irish spring?

I use a bar every two days I go through, because I wash that much.

Wow.

One bar every two days.

How many?

A really thick lather.

We measured the lather I get with the Irish spring.

Eric and I did this, what was it, yesterday?

Yeah.

Yesterday was a weekday, yeah.

Yeah.

And it was three inches of lather I get when I wash every wash.

That's like wearing like a fat suit of lather.

It's like a half a bar.

No, no, no, no, no.

It's impressively clean.

Impressively clean.

Not good, not good.

Not good, you say?

Not good, no, no.

Irish spring linked to Irish republican army, seen fine, bad, bad, blowing up buildings, London bombings.

But very bad.

Don't you think that- Bloody Sunday.

Don't you think Irish people, though, we're all one, you were saying?

No, no, Irish people excluded from all moral ABC, all humanity, not include Irish at all.

Everyone is one except for Ireland.

Did you turn Asian there for a second with- Asian is one.

I am Asian.

We are all the same.

Buddha, Spinoza, spaghetti, Moretti.

Little pro tip I recommend to my family and friends is go on Amazon.com, sign up for Amazon Prime.

Okay.

You can get free shipping of Irish spring, thousand box, like a thousand- Thousand bars?

Thousand bar box.

That'll last you at least a month.

That'll last you a year.

That'll last me about a month.

I have, if you're doing that, you might as well, I give you a cheaper option.

You use Irish spring, go out, find pig, sick pig on the street, kill it, kill it, hit it with a car, while it's bleeding, its intestines pouring out, rub yourself and bathe yourself in dying dead pig.

Oh, that's not- Same thing.

I don't think that's kosher.

That is not, it is not kosher.

It is not according to God's moral law, ABC, one, all eternally one, exceptions, only one.

Do you guys keep kosher by the way?

When it comes to bathing?

No, just in general, just, you know, and eating and- No.

Hmm.

So, Dr. Bronner, I have to confess, I would love to hear- Can I give another pro tip on my Irish spring?

Okay.

Here we go.

It's very easy.

If you don't want to carry it around, you can keep a bar up your rear in your rectal area.

Wait, wait, wait.

And that way you can always have access to it pretty easily.

You can keep it in a bar, in a plastic bag.

Up your b-hole?

And keep it, I don't know, Eric told me about it as an idea.

Yeah.

I used to do it because I would go to a friend's house and I would go to wash up in their bathroom or they have dial or they have the Meyer stuff and I, absolutely not.

So I- Wait, so you're an Irish spring guy too?

Oh yeah, absolutely.

Oh, you didn't chime in on that.

No, no, no.

I didn't smell you from here.

Yeah, so you just push it out of the anus and you wash up and then you slip it inside and now you don't offend your friends, you know.

You clean the bowl so it doesn't smell like Irish spring, but- But if you do have to, if you end up having to go to bathroom number two before you shower, make sure you take it out and put it, you know, because sometimes you flush it right down the toilet because it comes out with your- And you've wasted a whole bar.

A whole bar.

You're screwed for the rest of the day, you know.

You're just dirty.

You can go to, worst case scenario, you go to a 7-Eleven and pick up a new bar of Irish spring.

Do they sell them at 7-Eleven?

Do you know?

Irish spring?

Yeah, they have it at mine.

I request them to stock it.

I promise.

Is it, but do you have to make a special request over your 7-Eleven?

Yeah.

Just go, you know, go to 7-Eleven.com and put in your zip code.

Is that 7-Eleven or is that just 7-Eleven?

7-Eleven.

7-1-1.

So just 7-1-1.com?

Every, every, I don't know if you know this, every time Irish spring appears in a store, there has to be a waiver from health code department.

Is that bad for you?

Wow.

That's bad.

But you're- That's why it always must be requested by someone who is misled, who does not understand.

Tim Erick.

Big fans.

It's a good soap.

Wow, you got a fan here in Dartmouth.

However, I believe you are taking mankind down the wrong path, away from moral ABC to moral XYZ.

Taking away from law written in stone, written in stone by Dick Cavett, written in stone by others, by Kierkegaard.

So you think just using soap, any- By Fukushima.

A man using the wrong soap will set them down on a path.

Suddenly, immediately, rings fall, butterfly dies, somewhere else, suddenly, suddenly, you go out dirty, losing job, people stinking.

Next thing you know, war starts.

People happen.

Everything fall apart because wrong soap is used.

Must be using peppermints.

Well, I don't want that to happen.

Have you guys ever thought about switching soaps?

No.

In fact, there's something within the Irish spring community, if you're out in the park and you smell someone else with the Irish spring, you're like, you're a spring dinger, aren't you?

And you bond because you both smell like springs.

We are aware of these people and what needs to happen is that they are rooted out.

I believe that we must find all of you Irish spring people and I'm giving you this chance that we don't do this to you because I enjoy your comedy.

I know we're here to plug the movie, but I would like to give a shout out to Irish spring and the gang over there because the soap they make- And just all the spring dingers out there.

And spring dingers, you know, you go to springdingers.com, you can register as a spring dinger and that way you can sign up for promotions.

If you are listening to this and you accept the shout out, if you accept the shout out as someone who uses Irish spring, you are not only denying one truth, one God, one of us, all of us one, you are condemning yourself and all of your children and nephews to internal damnation.

Are you saying that you're going to try to round up any spring dingers as they're known and do what with them?

I do.

We have the camps.

We have already established- God, I didn't know we were going to get into this.

Yeah.

I got to say something here.

It's okay.

No.

Okay.

Hold on a second.

Dr. Bronner, take a break.

I agree.

If you don't think Irish spring is a good soap, that's fine, okay?

But this is America and we have the freedom of choice to use whatever product we want.

I don't appreciate coming onto your show and this podcast and listening to this fucking freak, tell me what I'm supposed to do with my body.

I don't appreciate hosting this podcast right now.

Yeah.

Excuse me.

I'll continue to use the fucking soap I want to use.

Wait, sir.

You can shut the fuck up and I'm out.

Sir.

Whoa.

Tim, Tim.

Don't, man.

He walks out the door.

He will disintegrate into a thousand pieces.

Come on, man.

One down.

Doctor.

One billion to go.

We will cleanse this.

We will cleanse this earth.

Hold on.

Spaceship earth.

Hold on.

Wade, he's coming back in.

Doctor, I use your product for one reason.

I put it around my house.

It keeps the ants out.

That's it.

I would never put that on my body.

I'm sorry.

I'm a spring dang for life.

Have you never, have you never touched yourself?

You never put little bit of liquid bronner soap in your hand?

I've seen insects.

Rub to your fingertips.

No.

I've seen insects walk into it and they either die or they walk away.

You take it.

You rub in your fingertips.

You take little baby and you rub it in its eyes and it will cry.

It will cry, but it will cry the moral ABC.

Wah, wah.

Hey, yes.

God.

All one.

All one God.

Tim, Tim just walked back in.

You don't look happy, but at least you walked in.

No, I apologize.

I understand this is your show.

You do what you need to do, but let's just get through this.

No.

Apology accepted.

I accept your apology.

Hold on.

He's apologizing to him.

Bronner, he's apologizing to me.

And you know what, Tim?

I feel like I'm the one who should apologize to you because quite honestly, I should screen the guests a little better.

It is your fault, Scott.

I don't feel, I don't, I feel responsibility.

Yes, I agree.

I agree.

No, you shut the fuck up for a second.

I shut.

Shut your fucking whore mouth.

Wait, I.

You take it.

Take the microphone away from him.

I wash your mouth out with Dr. Bronner soap.

Get out of here.

I should resign is what I'm saying.

I should resign because my show is better than this.

We could do a improv set of Mike and the Dope in the morning and we've done it before.

Okay.

I'm going to resign from the show.

It's been a great run, almost three years, you know, 140 something episodes, but that's it.

I'm done.

I'm out.

That's all it took.

I'm done.

Mike and the Dope, you guys.

I am sitting vice president of the show.

Shut up.

Let Mike and the Dope.

Hey, everybody.

Welcome to Mike and the Dope.

We appreciate you guys listening.

Thanks, Scott, for being such a great host over these many years.

What a terrific job you've done.

And our first guest is Scott Ackerman.

Dope, what do you think, buddy?

Duh.

Hey, guys.

Thanks so much.

I'm such a big fan of your...

Well, listen, man, it's great to have you in the studio.

Tell me a little bit about yourself.

I don't know so much about what you do.

Are you a comedian?

Oh, man.

Well, I wanted to be an artist just because, you know, I never really had a lot of love from...

Dope, who's your favorite artist?

Dope.

I'll tell you what, he doesn't know anything.

He's a dope.

That's so true.

Dope.

Guys, I'm just such a big fan of you.

I'm inspired by you.

I'm inspired by your comedy and that's why I wanted to get into comedy.

And so I just...

All right, well, listen, it's 72 degrees here in Los Angeles, we're expecting some showers later tonight.

That's what I'm mainly inspired by.

Looking forward to the next week.

Your work week is going to be very beautiful with some partly cloudy showers.

I've always wondered, you know, what the weather is.

Dope.

Dope, dope, dope, dope, dope, dope, dope, dope, dope.

I'm sitting out there in my car and I don't know what the weather is.

Lakers are on a tear this week.

I gotta say.

I don't know anything about sports.

It's great to see them back in action.

So I turn on you guys' show and I hear all the news about this.

Dope.

You catch that Clippers game the other night with the new Chris Paul.

Plane, what do you think about that, buddy?

Dope.

I, you know, so I'm just a big fan and I just really want you guys to know that.

It sounds like you guys aren't asking me any questions anymore.

Time for the Irish Spring Report.

Scott, I can introduce this guy.

Wait a minute.

Who's this guy?

It is me, the Irish Spring Leprechaun.

I'm here to give Irish Spring Report to my favorite dope and morning guys.

Okay, let's hear your report.

Okay, I have free soap.

Anybody on the 5-3 with 72 degrees want Irish Spring for you?

Here, please.

Give me your hand.

I give you free soap.

Free soaps.

That's disingenuous.

I feel like you're slandering the spring.

Irish soap.

Irish Spring.

See?

Very clean.

It's Irish Spring.

I'm not a spring dinger myself.

I don't have a dog in this hunt currently, you know, but I just, I think your tactics are deplorable.

What?

I'm Irish Spring guy.

Here, free Irish Spring.

You're not the Irish Spring guy.

In fact, and this may be a surprise because this is an audio medium podcasting, but you are actually Dr. Brawner right now, just pretending to be...

What?

How did you find me?

Well, you barely changed your voice.

I put a green hat with a green clover on.

I put my soaps in box.

That is a very noisy hat when you take it off, I have to say.

It's painful.

Guys, I don't know.

Should I retire now or resign?

No, no, no.

This is your show.

I don't know.

Yeah, I'm really regretting it now.

Retire for evening or retire from business?

I was resigning from the show, but then I immediately regretted it.

I mean...

Yeah, get back in there.

I gotta get back in the spotlight.

That's right.

It's where I belong.

It's your show.

We are all one.

Nixon, Ford, Reagan, Jimmy Carter, all of us, all one, all moral ABC, all clean.

All right.

We would just appreciate if you could put on your site springdinger.com and popcorn.com.

Popcorn.com and springdinger.com.

You go to earwolf.com or comedybangbang.com.

Both of those links will be up there.

We appreciate that.

Guys, why don't we take just a little bit of a break and let's hear something from your record again.

When we come back, we'll have one last thing and we'll be right back because it's Comedy Bang Bang.

All one.

Oh, man, I'm not a little kitty cat no more Yeah, the trick you learned couldn't use a little work, I'm sure But I got a little trick that I think you'll love I don't want another trick that you think I'll love Watch me!

Well, my legs are long Yes, our legs are long And my legs are long Yes, they're very, very long Wow, Eric, can you believe how high we are?

You guys are doing great Thanks, Moone Because our legs are long Yes, our legs are long And our legs are long Yes, they're very, very long Because our legs are long Yes, our legs are long And our legs are long Yes, they're very, very long Because our legs are long Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

We're here with Tim and Eric and also Dr. Bronner, who...

Hello, hello!

What'd you...

You said you wanted to say something to me when we got back from break.

What I want to say to you is that any disturbance that's been caused, please don't blame the messenger.

Oh, okay.

So don't blame you, it's just your...

Don't blame me.

The messages you're receiving.

I am not perfect.

I am only trying to teach all the 12-year-old boys of the world, that all of our sons, all of our nephews, all everyone on Spaceship Earth, moral ABC, that God comes to us with simple things that we start with every day, cleaning ourselves.

Right.

And that's where it starts.

Always leathering, leathering, leathering, but so builds up, builds up, foaming, foaming, always into a vengeance.

Yes, okay.

Now you're getting to...

But I mean, your basic message is use your soap and clean...

Sometimes I speak in all caps!

Sometimes it comes down like this.

All right, so guys, we have one more second left on the show and it's just one of our favorite, favorite games on the show.

Do you guys like to play games?

No.

Are you competitive at all?

No.

You say no, neither of you?

This will work out great.

It's time to play a little something called Would You Rather.

This is the March of the Soap Bubbles.

It doesn't have anything to do with soap bubbles, it's the Would You Rather theme.

The March of the Soap Bubbles.

Pretty standard.

Scrub, scrub, scrub, scrub, scrub.

No, no, no, no, no.

No scrubbing at all.

Just pretty standard themes onto our game.

It's time to play Would You Rather.

And we all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios at our Twitter, which is CBBWYR.

Can I jump in for one sec and just say I want to offer this to these great listeners.

I've been throwing away my tissues, I've been blowing my nose and throwing them away in this garbage can.

If you want, offer them to the listeners, if you want.

For like a prize thing or?

Yeah, like, you know, first hundred people that request the tissues get a piece of the tissue.

I'm just, I don't know, I haven't thought the whole thing out yet, but it's an opportunity.

Or maybe we could do Tim and Eric trivia, like whoever answers a Tim and Eric trivia question.

Yeah, just work with it, whatever.

I mean, all the same is like, don't throw this out to the dumpster, keep it here, keep it snot.

Could you guys maybe give me like a question I could ask them that would prove that they're super fans?

You know what you can do with little pile of mucus, Kleenex, what you do is you put them together, little bit of eucalyptus, bit of peppermint stirring around, okay?

Couple of bumblebees, little cartoon bumblebees, singing, singing, singing, put them in, boiling, boiling, so suddenly you're starting to get soap, okay?

This is, this is recipe.

That's how you make your soap?

From mucus?

Yes, this is recipe from Woodrow Wilson.

Okay.

But what do you want to do with that?

You know what?

I don't say this often on this show, but you're a real nutball.

Nutball is a special kind of soap.

It can't be the first time you've heard that, right?

You don't take offense, right?

I don't listen.

People say nutball, I turn my ears off, I put, I stick soap inside of them.

That's what yourself's good for, right?

And I refer them to the side of my soap cartons.

Okay.

All there.

So, do you have a trivia question for the people out there, any kind of trivia question that would just prove that they know Tim and Eric?

No, that's not my, all I'm doing is offering that idea.

You can do whatever you want.

I'm not going to do more work than that.

Okay, well, okay, maybe a trivia question to prove that they know your work.

It's really a conversation you should be having with you and your team.

What are your last names?

Okay, if you can, if you can- Okay, I mean, listen, have that conversation with your team on another show.

I'm just offering to snog.

Do you think that would be a good idea for another show to have a conversation with my team about that?

It's not, no, I'm not talking about, something off the air that you can do.

Oh, off air?

Oh, oh, oh, no.

Hey, Dustin, can we set this up though, a trivia question, what are Tim and Eric's last names and the first person to, should this be an email thing or should this be like a phone?

A phone thing?

Should we do it on the forums?

Should we?

Yeah, it's up to you.

That's something off the air maybe you should talk about.

Forums?

You're the boss, whatever you want to do.

Okay, so for, yeah, I guess make it an email thing.

First person to guess their last names, how many tissues do you have in there?

Listen, I just suggest it as an idea, you can do whatever you want, I don't want to manage this.

We can't just throw it out there and just let me, you know, shoulder the burden of this.

Conflict, conflict, you see, there's conflict.

What we need is harmony.

Harmony?

I have to say, Tim, that this is a little like your other appearance at this point, you know what I mean?

Like you didn't take a Sudafed when you walked out.

Did you take a Sud?

I'm getting a little annoyed.

Did you take a Sud when you walked out?

You could take a nice bath.

Why don't you sit down, take a nice little sponge bath, I'll sponge you, just a little bit.

I took either DayQuil or NyQuil because I have them both in the same, my pill box.

You can't mix those up, man.

Do you feel sleepy?

I feel sleepy and speedy.

Sleepy, speedy, Exxon, that is the path of warfare, oil companies, gasoline, cars, modern problems.

What you need is bath, little bath with scrubby brush, like little seven dwarf.

Eric, are you seeing the signs that I'm seeing?

You see him Monday through Friday.

Do you, I mean, are you seeing what I'm seeing?

Like his eyes are kind of like darting back and forth.

Here's what happened.

Tim just came up with a cool idea to help the show, to help some of your Twitter followers and that's that.

That's what he said.

What he said is take this, talk to your team, talk to the D-Dog Dustin over there, off the air.

Right now is Tim and Eric time.

First of all, it's great that you're a fan of the show and you know that I call him the D-Dog.

Yeah.

So I know you're listening.

So thank you so much.

Right.

But I have to say that you both are locked into some kind of zone here right now where like a switch flipped or something.

You know what I mean?

Where like, and I call it the Sudafed effect.

Well, we're way over the limit, you know, time wise.

Time wise?

Oh yeah.

Well, no, I'm saying, listen, 20 minutes was what we were told.

Who would tell you 20 minutes?

We're now at two and a half hours here.

First of all, Scott's all the way to get here.

I edit the show down, by the way.

We've been taping for two and a half hours, but- Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock.

Do you guys, do you have somewhere else you have to be right now?

Yeah, we're doing like nine other podcasts today.

Wait a minute.

Who's podcast?

Popcorn.com's got us on a tight schedule today.

Whose podcast are you doing?

We name it.

I mean, we're doing almost every significant podcast there is out there.

Are you doing the Dr. Bonner's magical podcast?

No, every significant- I do have a podcast.

What's your podcast like?

It's called All One, Everyone, All God, Coming From One Bell Tower, Harmony, Singing, Voices Singing, God, Uranus, Your Butthole, He's Trying to Choke Me, He's Trying to Choke Me.

We're doing Comedy Bang Bang, 20 minutes, no doctors.

We come in here, we've been here for three or four hours, and there's a loud doctor coming out.

One doctor, yeah.

Leah, I'll read you this email I got from Scott.

Hey, Tim, Eric, can't wait to see you guys tomorrow.

We're going to have a great time talking about the movie.

I guarantee you, I'll only have you here for 20 minutes.

And by the way, no doctors.

See you tomorrow, Scott.

I am not a certified medical doctor.

Look that's a- I am a fraudulent doctor.

Does that make it better?

He's a fraudulent doctor.

But fraud sometimes papers over deeper truth.

I don't know, it seems like you're mincing words there a little bit.

Mince is always important to mince the mince and put them into the soaps.

Otherwise it's not going to sting horrifically when you put it on your face too much.

Guys, I'm sorry.

You're right.

I did send that to you.

It's how I lure people into doing the show who otherwise wouldn't, and I'm sorry.

And that's, you know, I mean, that's, but that's- Well, let's just get- You know, your email you sent me, your email sent to me, I am going to let you come on my show and promote Dr. Bronner's magic soap- Which you've done- Endlessly with no one objecting and no references to Irish Spring or any other services.

Yes.

Okay.

I did send that.

Yes.

Fine.

I feel like I have been.

Why are you sending these conflicting emails?

So I'm the bad guy all of a sudden.

Scott, can we just finish up?

You guys can hand over our honorarium and we can get out of here and on to our next thing, okay?

Next time we'll let you hand, you can go right through dream management and the Riz.

Would the Riz not have allowed this?

Is that- You can just, yeah, you will not be able to contact us personally after this.

I will offer to waive my honorarium and I will take a small donation to the Dr. Bronner's soap foundation in my Swiss bank account and I will not personally touch the funds.

First of all, I think that you guys, you and Tim and Eric, I think it's bad that you asked for both an honorarium and a per diem, okay?

They're the same thing as far as I'm concerned, you know?

I think- They are not the same thing.

You're just double dipping here in my- An honorarium is a fee for the work that we do on the cast, okay?

And it's not- The PCAST.

It's not, you know, union scale.

We know that it's not going to be a lot, but it's something.

No.

The per diem covers the costs of the day.

So for example, I'm going to go and I have to get lunch now, I can't eat at home because now I have to eat out here, right?

So that money does not represent the work I've done, that represents the cost incurred because I'm doing this cast, honorarium, per diem, speaking fees, a little petty cash, they're all one, they're all same.

Dr. Bronner, would you stop with the all one thing?

This is driving me crazy.

Come on, man.

I'm trying to have a disagreement with my friend here about the fact that he's squeezing me dry, okay?

Squeezing like little squeegee.

Always have something to squeeze.

First of all- Shut up!

First of all- Shutting up is always one.

First of all, Tim contacts me and he says, hey man, I want to get on the cast.

I'm dying to get on the cast, okay?

The only thing I need is an honorarium.

I go, okay.

And he goes, you know what?

Eric's in.

I go, okay.

An honorarium, I don't usually do it, but here you go.

And then he goes, well, what about Eric's honorarium?

Okay, now I'm on the hook for two honorariums?

Come on, man.

Once I agree to it, he goes, by the way, there's the little matter of our per diems, okay?

And now, you know, I'm on the hook for $75 at this point.

You know what I mean?

Not to mention- You should have known by the way that he was fumbling with his watch fob and twirling around with his top hat that there were going to be extra payments.

This is what Irish soap people are bringing in.

I don't know.

I don't- The Irishman people frauds.

I don't know.

I was going to make some kind of joke, but that doctor is so loud.

It's like- Yeah.

I don't know what to do then.

All right, guys, well, you know, I apologize.

You know, I shouldn't treat my guests this way.

I just wish we- Thank you.

I guess we won't have time for the game, but thanks for having us on.

Yeah, that's how you play Would You Rather, by the way.

That was a good game, though, you've got to admit that.

That was competitive.

You guys said you weren't competitive.

What?

Yeah, it came out there a little bit.

The clause came out.

You guys want to plug stuff?

What do you say?

Let's do a little plugs.

Here we go.

Hey, yo.

Bringsdanger.com.

Got a couple of websites to plug.

Hold on.

Let me just plug there who that is.

Just belay those plugs for one moment.

That is She's So Plugly by 00No.

If you have a plugs theme, send it to earwolf.com under the Comedy Bang Bang message board, under the appropriate thread in our message board.

And this is the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial plug.

So go, Tim, go.

Popcorn.com, springdingers.com, irishspring.com, 7-Eleven.com, timanderrick.com.

Dreammanagement.com, theriz.biz.

1-800-692-RIZZO if you want to be represented, if you want to have any kind of career in show business.

Guys, keep the independent spirit of comedy alive.

Go see a billion dollar movie.

We think you're going to like it quite a bit.

Let us know what you think.

Get online.

Get active.

Yeah.

Support live comedy.

Not live comedy.

Support films of comedy, filming of comedy.

Support the filming of comedy.

Don't be a dick and go in there and record it with a video camera and sell it on the street.

Don't steal it.

Bit torrenting is stealing.

We all understand that.

So don't dare do it.

If you find out we're doing it, we're going to come and have you arrested.

Go on to timanderrick.com and sign the Tim and Eric pledge that you're going to go see the damn movie now.

And not bit torrented.

You can also go to facebook.com slash zit twins.

And that's a site that Eric and I've started to promote the film.

You can check out our identical zits that we have on our forehead.

Okay.

Eric, what do you want to plug?

Springdingers.com.

Nothing?

Go to timanderrick.com.

It's got all the shit you need for all this fun stuff.

Oh yeah.

Billion dollar movie coming out.

And what day?

Also Sleepys.

The mattress store.

That's a personal plug.

You have a piece of that too?

Or just you enjoy that store?

I love their mattresses.

Great.

How many of theirs do you own?

Just one.

But you enjoy other mattresses that you don't own.

When can people do the VOD, video on demand and all that?

Do you know the date on that?

Yes.

January 27th.

Oh, so they can do it right now then?

They can do it right now, three days ago.

So via the...

Go to your cables, type in on demand.

You'll find movies on demand.

Or go to iTunes.

And iTunes.

It's available on iTunes right now.

Rented on iTunes, yeah.

Great.

But if you really want to see the full experience, get out there in the theater.

Wait till March 2nd.

March 2nd.

It'll be fun.

I'll be there.

I'll be first in line probably.

Midnight screening.

Thanks, Scott.

I'll be...

I'm lining up right now.

Make it a film that will live in the theaters for many, many years, like many great midnight movies.

Remember how Star Wars used to be out...

First of all, first run, play for a year.

Take it out of theaters, get people to whet their appetites, you know?

Put it back in.

Theaters, huh?

Make a little more, right?

Okay?

Keep going in, out, in, out, in, out, in, out, in, out.

Is there going to be cartoon feature before Tim and Eric feature for kids during previews?

Yes.

Great.

That is the Tim and Eric promise right there.

Dr. Bronner, what do you like to plug here?

I want...

I don't want to plug soap.

I think I've spent enough time...

I think you...

Yeah, you may have spent a little bit of time on the soap.

What I was promised, full hour to plug this, so I will...

But I have other projects first.

I personally have been dead for 15 to 20 years.

I've not been alive for a thousand years.

What I want to plug is life itself.

What I want to plug is the universal mind.

What I want to plug is twitter.com at symbol J-A-D-O-M-I-A-N.

I think I got this correct.

I want to plug Moral ABC, one, two, three.

I want to plug DrudgerPort.com.

It seems like you slipped a plug for someone's Twitter.

ComedyBangBangPodcast.com.

I want to...

You don't have to do that.

I want to plug Tim and Eric.

All one, though.

You see, they're all one.

They're all part of URL.

It sounded to me, and I don't know if you guys heard this, but it sounded to me like he slipped a weird plug of some Twitter handle in there.

I want to plug...

When he's talking, my headphones are off, so I have no idea what he's saying.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, you have one of those block features in your headphones.

I get it.

I want to plug...

I want to plug the internet itself.

I want to plug...

I want to plug this guy's mouth with toilet paper so he can't talk.

That's like a double meaning of the word plug.

I love it.

I want to plug...

I want to plug my butthole with Tim's face.

Oh my gosh.

And then force feed him my socks.

I'm speechless.

This is getting personal.

I want to plug Comedy Bang Bang TV show coming up on IFC this summer.

We're about to shoot next week, I think, and Tim and Eric, you guys...

I want to trump that with another plug.

That's interesting, but this is a better plug.

Check it out, season two.

Check it out with Dr. Steve Bruhl, season two, coming up later in the month of March.

Oh my gosh.

That's exciting.

Six new episodes.

That is huge.

I have to trump plug.

I have 10 episodes of my show, so that's maybe a little bit of a trump plug.

It's all the same.

It's an Adult Swim.

Comedy Bang Bang, Tim and Eric, that's all one.

No, I'm not on Adult Swim.

All Adult Swim.

I'm on IFC actually.

All the same.

All cable.

Quality over quantity, though.

Anyways, I just want to get that in.

You guys are producing my show and you're doing trump plugs.

Well, more important, there's an order of preference.

Checking order.

Trump.

Oprah.

Alright, alright, alright.

All the same.

Oh, I also want to plug Analyze Fish.

Everyone was wondering what happened when I went to New York and took drugs and saw the fish show.

Listen to Analyze Fish, episode four.

It is up today.

It's Earwolf Presents.

You can look it up.

Earwolf Presents and it's Analyze Fish, episode four, out right now.

You will not believe what happened to me.

Well, guys, thank you so much for being on the show.

Tim and Eric, a billion dollar movie.

Go out there and see it.

Dr. Bronner, use or don't use your soap.

I use it and if you don't use it, you will not be alive for long after the events of the Mayan apocalypse.

All one.

Predicted.

Predicted over and over again.

Six cycle.

Alright, so Mike and the Dope, 2 and 5, AM 690, popcorn.com, springdinger.com, anything else?

That's it.

We are out of here.

Thanks, Scott.

Thanks, guys.

We are out of here.
