---
layout: page
title: 143. Weird Al Yankovic,Todd Glass,Amy Phillips [11577⧸21027].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

What do weird Al Yankovic, Todd Glass, and Amy Phillips have in common?

Well, they're all on this show, of course.

This is going to be a wild one.

And all of that and more, all on today's… How's the pizza, pepperoni?

Hey, welcome to the show.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

That is a catchphrase submitted by BJ.

Thanks so much for that.

How's the pizza, pepperoni?

Fine.

You'll get to hear exactly whose pizza is fine in just one moment.

I want to welcome everyone to the show.

My name, of course, is Scott Aukerman.

Oh, wait a minute.

I forgot to say something.

Anyway, but it's Fine February Day.

February 6th, I believe.

It isn't.

It is not.

You lie.

Shut up.

You're a liar.

Oh, God.

I just slammed into all the microphones.

And it's February.

It's a little chilly for February.

I don't know.

It's festive.

It's a festive February.

I do want to tell everyone that welcome to the show, first of all, but it is our Grammy Spectacular this week.

We're celebrating the Grammys this week.

We haven't celebrated the Grammys since we've been a podcast, and I think it's high time.

It's about dang time.

You know what I mean?

The Grammys are this Sunday.

We have a special show that's going to kind of celebrate everyone's relationship to the Grammys.

Platonic.

Good.

Biblical.

And let me tell you exactly who that is that's speaking right now.

I have a crazy assemblage of guests.

You would never see these people in one room at one time ever, but they're here.

They're ready to go.

And to my left, wearing some sort of red, what do you call it?

I call it a shirt.

I know it's kooky, but what?

What kind of material would you say?

It's a material not found in nature.

Scientists are still studying it.

Oh my gosh.

Trying to figure out the molecular structure.

So this shirt was delivered down, like you found it in some sort of alien spaceship?

Pretty much, yes.

And they're still trying to see if it's radioactive, first of all.

I'm sorry that they didn't do that before I came to the show.

Yeah.

I'm hoping that I'm not going to infect you with something.

I don't know, that is not very sensitive to everyone's health, I must say.

But you said to be here at 1230, so.

That's true.

You did half times the lab test to come back.

You found the shirt at 1215, put it on.

This is a man by the name of Al Yankovic.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you.

Many know him as Weird Al Yankovic.

That's your professional stage name.

People are cruel.

I don't know what it is.

That's not something you'd name yourself.

Why do they keep calling me that?

I never looked at it that way.

People are cruel.

The taunting from high school just keeps going on and on and on.

To his left, wearing some sort of a gray, what do you call that?

This is a shirt.

Okay.

I am not good at shirt recognition, I have to say.

This is a t-shirt.

T-shirt?

Oh, a t-style shirt.

Yeah.

It's hard for me to put on any clothing because I sweat a lot, so I can't really wear anything that I like.

I just wear t-shirts.

Is that why you dress the way you dress?

Because you sweat a lot, and so you don't want to ruin the clothes that you would buy.

When I'm leaving the house, I'm usually rushing, so I'm sweating, and then if I put on anything more than I just sit, so I put on a shirt.

Oh, you're videotaping this?

I wonder if that's how uncomfortable with any form of show business I was.

Todd is just waving really strangely.

By the way, this is Todd Glass.

Hi.

Weirder Todd Glass.

Thank you.

I feel like I have... I'm going to be honest, I didn't want to be rude when you call to do the show because I'm always excited when people call.

I get jealous if people don't call me to do shows.

If I walk into the UCB early, and then there's another show going on, I'm like, why didn't they call me to do this?

Even though I probably wouldn't have wanted to do it, I like to be called.

Any festival I don't get invited to, I'm very jealous.

When you called, I was very excited.

I'm like, all right, but then I have nothing to talk about.

Oh no, Todd, don't say that.

You are one of America's great talkers.

Oh, that's what I needed to hear, and I have a little bit of a cold, but I feel good.

That's all right.

Well, it's February.

Of course you have a cold.

Yeah.

Why are we saying it's February?

Well, this is February when this is coming out.

No.

Yes.

Shut the... That's how... Oh my God.

Yeah.

Will you edit this out?

Should I have not said that?

Maybe.

Okay.

Hold on.

Let me give you...

We're February here.

2014.

Let me give you an in, so you clean in.

I know it looks like editing these.

That's true.

Why are you laughing?

I just figured we just laughed at something.

I just told you my mom died.

Is that what you're going to do with this?

Yeah.

You're going to edit in, so my mom passed away.

All right.

Well, back to you.

Thank you so much, Todd.

Thank you guys so much for coming.

We have another guest who may or may not walk in at any moment.

He may not have known exactly what day he was supposed to come.

Let me look at his texts.

He probably thought he was coming in February.

Yeah.

Did you...

Guys, this is our Grammy special.

The Grammys are this Sunday, which is a very exciting time, and let me tell you exactly why it's so exciting for me.

That's because, Al, you're nominated for two Grammys.

What?

Wow.

Yeah.

Woo.

Yes.

I'm so happy.

Oh, thank you, Scott.

I can't believe I'm the person to break the news to you.

The show is this Sunday.

I better clean my tux.

What's wrong with your tux?

Why did you get your tux so dirty?

Oh, it's covered with blood.

Oh.

God.

That's weird.

I'm not going to ask any follow-up questions about that, if that's okay.

You're nominated for two Grammys, both of which you put out excellent work in.

Let's see.

Number one, best comedy record.

Yes.

Well, thank you.

That is one of the categories.

Number two, best short-form video.

Is that correct?

Yes.

I tried to make it as short as possible so I'd be eligible, and it worked.

It was for the Gaga parody, Perform This Way.

Perform This Way is how I say it.

Perform This Way.

Hey, Perform This Way is how I read it.

Yeah.

And that was a great, amazing video where you put your head onto, and I don't have to tell you this, but you put your head onto a sort of Lady Gaga type body.

A 24-year-old woman's body, and most people would assume it's CGI, but I physically had my head grafted onto her body just so I could possibly be nominated for a Grammy, because I thought people would appreciate the extra effort.

That is amazing.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

I mean, and most other people, I don't know who you're nominated against.

You don't?

In that category, oh, Radiohead and Adele, you know, just as fly-by-night wannabes, basically.

You're making me just throw up.

I hate those other people.

Really?

Yeah.

They're not singing about anything funny.

Did they graft their head onto something?

No.

Perhaps not.

That's fantastic.

I mean, how many nominations do you have in your career?

Who's counting but 14?

Wow.

14.

And do you know, have you won any?

I have.

I have won three of those 14.

Oh my gosh.

Which ones?

In 1984, for Eat It, for Comedy Boarding.

I don't know that one.

It's a parody of a Radiohead song.

And 88 for the Fat Video, and 2003 for the Poodle Hat album.

For the entire album?

For the entire album, yes.

And what were you up against?

Other comedy albums, I believe, at the time.

But what did you bury?

What did you destroy that year?

Whose hopes and dreams?

Who gets to complain?

Weird Al won.

I think, gosh, who has never forgiven me?

I think, was it David Crossup that year?

I think he might have been.

He might have been, yeah.

Yeah, because I think he wrote in his book that he was still kind of pissed about that.

What?

He did?

Who else?

I don't remember.

But I've burned a lot of bridges along the way.

I've made a lot of people very, very unhappy.

But you made yourself very happy, and that's what life is really about.

Yes.

You know what I mean?

It's so true.

Get all you can get.

Yeah, grab it.

You know what I mean?

Todd, right?

Like the Army.

Yes.

That's a metaphor for the Army.

I never realized the Army was all about get all you can get.

Yeah.

Be all you can be.

That's pretty much it.

Just grab everything.

Just fuck everyone else.

That's fantastic, Al, and it must be... How did you feel?

Did you know the Grammy nominations were being nominated?

Did you have anticipation for it?

Well, yeah, I was sitting there with my computer, hitting the refresh button on the Grammy website every five seconds for five weeks.

So yeah.

Five weeks.

Wow.

Yeah.

And then it said, by the way- You think I could write a program for that, but no, I was actually hitting the button refresh, refresh, refresh.

You have a refresh button on your computer.

I do.

It actually says refresh.

That's some next level stuff.

But it must be... I can imagine you put out this record, and you haven't put out a record in a while, and so it must be wonderful to be recognized for this thing that you've been working on for so long.

Because if I put out an album every couple of weeks, it would lose the novelty, you know?

So I wait several years so that people will say, oh, let's throw them a Grammy nomination.

So what do you hope does not win so you can win?

Louis C.K.

Oh, you see, it's a tough category this year.

It's tough.

Yeah.

Who is it?

Louis C.K., Patton Oswalt, Lonely Island, and Kathy Griffin, so it's a big category.

Everyone has been on this show before other than Kathy.

She's not going to win.

That's it.

She's going to be one of the other four people because she didn't get the CBB bump.

Right, yeah, exactly.

I think you guys are in a dead heat.

Right.

You know what I'm saying?

I have a 25% chance of winning.

Everybody but Kathy Griffin.

Basically, whoever's not voting for Kathy is going to vote for the winner.

That's the person that's going to win.

Todd, you put out something, didn't you?

No.

You didn't put out a record this year?

I did a CD, but it wouldn't...

What?

I put out a CD, not a record.

But it's not in that league.

I know my audience.

I'm being honest.

I know the magnitude of the people that I would hit, it wouldn't be, I'm not sitting home going, oh, I might win.

But I mean, normally what they do is...

But I thought it was a good CD.

I'm not being honest.

It was a good CD, but I don't...

No, but normally they pick the actual best things no matter if it's popular or not popular or no matter if it's sold a lot.

Well, they do.

Oh, shit.

Now I'm upset.

I felt good.

That's what you tell yourself is that, well, no one heard it.

Even when I should be winning, I'll be like, well, you know, in my league.

What league, Todd?

Your CDs don't win because they're crap.

Anyway, my first CD was called Vintage Todd Glass and Other Crap because I called it Vintage Todd Glass and my brother said, what about the other crap?

I'm like, I like that name.

And then the last one was Thin Pig.

Thin Pig I like.

Thin Pig's great.

That's a great CD, but you didn't win.

You weren't even nominated.

No, I won.

I'm kidding around.

You're being modest.

I didn't win.

I don't know if you're being serious.

You mean nominated.

It wouldn't be win because they don't know who won yet.

That's kind of a win.

Well, that's true.

That's true.

Yeah.

I didn't win in either sense.

Right.

In life nor in...

I mean, I'm making a living though.

I'm happy about that.

You're comfortable.

I try to be positive.

I'm making a living.

This is what I do.

I don't have any second job.

Al, out of the two, which do you hope you win?

If you cannot win both, which do you hope you win?

And this is a serious question.

I am totally serious about this.

Would it mean...

I would imagine it would mean more to you for the record.

It would...I would be equally happy winning either award, but...

The voting is closed by now.

If I had to win one, I'd probably do the video because I've got several friends in the comedy category and I wouldn't want them to hate me forever.

Oh, come on now.

No, I'm serious.

I am too.

Isn't that...

Suck that you have to think that way, but it's like...

Yeah.

But I know you're being genuine.

It's like...just like...

Yeah.

Pat is a dear friend and we're going to be there having the Grammys and it's like, oh, that's great, Al.

Congratulations.

Are you the type of guy, are you like a Ving Rhames type of guy who you say, oh, you know, I've won three, I have an amazing career, I'm by all accounts, a wealthy man.

I need more validation.

More, more!

Wait, you know, we're all human beings and we need...you know, it's like you didn't reach the end of your life when you won that last Grammy.

I think I did in a way.

So this is all just, you know, gravy.

Really poodle hat is where it ends for you.

That was it.

Pretty much.

I mean, this is a great record.

It's one of your best and I mean, it would feel good for you to win this Grammy, wouldn't it?

It wouldn't suck.

Yeah.

Didn't get old.

It's kind of the year of Louis CK though, don't you think?

It is.

If you were, you know, doing the Vegas odds on the Grammys, who among everybody but Kathy Griffin would you pick?

Kathy, we, you know, we respect you.

We love you, Kathy.

But I do have that kind of opinion that like there's just certain years where people kind of reach the tipping point in voters minds.

And so every, it's like Melissa McCarthy, you know, everything they're up for, they'll kind of win because they kind of reach that fame and everyone goes, oh yeah, Louis CK, he's been doing like his.

But it's a big year for Lonely Island as well.

I mean, their last album didn't even get nominated for a comedy Grammy, which it was a huge snub.

Yeah.

So they might be making up for this year.

I love that record.

Yes.

Great.

And yeah, I don't know.

I don't know if anybody's here.

It is anybody's here, but I hope you win because you're here right now.

Thank you.

Fuck Sandburg.

No, please, Andy.

I don't mean that.

Please, Andy.

Look in your heart, Andy.

Look in your heart.

I don't mean that.

It's a comedy show, Andy.

Please come back.

Todd, if you could be nominated for any award, what would you like to be nominated for?

Any award, like when you were a young kid and you imagined your career and you want to be in show business when you were young, I'm assuming.

Yes.

Back in the, what is this, the 40s, World War II is happening, people are saving butter.

Let me tell you something, people that make those jokes, it's because they are petrified of their age.

Really?

Well, because you know we're not that big.

At one point, you think you're so much older than someone and then it reaches a point where you're not that much older.

It's like one time you said to me, you go, oh my God, I thought you were a lot older than that.

Yeah.

Because when you were like 22 and then they got you.

You know, when I first got to know you, I was 25 and you seemed like a 40 year old man at that point.

And then at a certain point, you started lying about your age.

So I got closer and closer to your age.

So now we're like pretty much the same age at this point.

I've seen, I've seen, the good thing about looking 45 since you were 20 is that people go, oh, you look the same as you did when you were 20.

But unfortunately I look 45 then too.

I don't know what, I don't know all the awards.

This is the part when I start sweating.

Did you ever like look in the mirror and hold up, you know, a hairbrush and say, you know, My hair's falling out?

Yeah.

I was about to go.

Oh, you.

No, but like wish it, you like think it was an Oscar and you know, practice a speech.

Oh, I've thought about speeches.

Yeah.

When watching the speeches, I hope I, I always think, oh, I hope I can make one of the good ones, not one of the ones you're like, eek.

The worst thing you can say unless you're little is this is going to be good for my career.

I've seen that in the last year and you're like, Ooh, a little kid says that that's sort of cute, but an adult, you know, of course you're thinking that and you, you next day on the phone, you're talking to your manager, but I don't think that's the speech you want to make.

Yeah.

This is going to be great for my career.

Yeah.

Oh, that's, who's crying?

Oh, that makes me cry every time they say that I get.

Would you say something touching if you, if you gave a speech?

I thought about the few people I would thank, but it's- Who would those people be?

You can thank them right here.

Well, one would be- This is almost, you're probably, look, you're probably never going to get nominated.

You're not going to get nominated for anything.

Just thank them right here on this show.

All right.

Well, one- And send them the file.

One would be the first club that I started out of.

I had a special place in my heart for the owner.

His name was Steve Young and he owned the Comedy Works in Philadelphia.

And he took a shot on you.

He took, he was very nice to me and, and, and, and loved comedy, so he was very nurturing, I thought, to comedians and he loved comedy and back at the Comedy Works in Philadelphia, you would see like everybody came through there.

He had a good taste in comedy.

Now, I'd like to believe that I would have had a good taste in comedy anyway, but I think he might have molded me, you know, to certain things.

Like he brought like Richard Lewis in and Steve Wright in and, and, you know, every Jerry Seinfeld came through there, Jay Leno came through there, Gilbert Godfrey came through there.

He was something.

And at what?

He was something.

I thought Gilbert Godfrey was hilarious.

That wasn't my Gilbert Godfrey.

That was my Jay Leno.

Oh, oh.

There you go.

Jay Leno was hilarious then too.

No, he was great.

His standup was, oh.

Remember when Gilbert Godfrey was like, he was something.

So, uh, so I would thank that club owner for, um, for, uh, cause that was like, you know, I would thank him.

And then by now people are like playing you off stage, but you still have two people to thank.

And also, uh, then I would get nervous.

And then my manager, of course, Alex Murray.

And I also want to thank Sharpie Magic Markers.

Maybe I can get an endorsement.

I would think last minute.

You wouldn't thank me at all, Todd.

Of course, I would.

I cast you in that Jeff Foxworthy video for crying out loud.

I love this guy.

He doesn't forget it.

I love this guy.

He doesn't forget anything.

What was that?

I don't know what you're talking about.

I did.

God damn, Al.

You have a good memory.

And you were nice.

I was nervous meeting him.

Cause you know, and I thought, you know, it's so funny, you get nervous meeting people and you don't, you think, and then when they're nice, you go, he was really nice.

And then you think, why would you have any reason to believe he wouldn't be nice?

Why did I go in there thinking he might not be nice?

But it was like 20 years ago and it was a Jeff Foxworthy video.

That you directed, Al?

I did, yeah.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

And I play a cop in it.

Music video or?

Yeah.

He was doing his, he was putting his comedic routines in musical form.

What did you just say?

What was that for?

Was that like rednecks?

No, it wasn't a redneck stomp.

It was something redneck related, I bet you.

Yeah.

And it was a party all night.

Up all night.

Party all night.

No, no.

Until the cows come home.

And how did you know Todd's work?

Had you just seen him?

No, no.

I think I just went in on an audition.

He came off the street and wandered in.

I was like, you look the part, you're a 45-year-old man.

And I hadn't seen him since the first time I only met him, I never met him.

I saw him performing in Philly.

You should see him at the comedy, at the cabaret that was a chain in Philadelphia.

But I remembered you from the audience.

I said, you're the guy.

That's a good memory.

From the cabaret.

Oh my God, you were in the audience.

My God, this guy is unbelievable.

Although that did happen to me once in my career.

I had seen somebody at the mall and I recognized them from the audience because I talked to them and they didn't recognize me.

It was very depressing.

Wow.

And then they did right away.

They're like, oh my God, we're sorry.

You know, you're up on stage.

Maybe they think you're taller.

I'm like, wait, that's not the way my career should be going.

You're recognizing the audience members at the mall.

And they don't recognize me.

I was like doing comedy like four years.

I want to throw that in there in case anyone feels.

You probably get this all the time.

Weren't you in one of the comedies?

You probably get this all the time.

Weren't you in my audience?

Al, how many speeches were you able to give?

All three?

Did you give a speech?

All three?

Oh, yeah, actually.

But none of them were televised.

They're in the pre-telecast portion of the Grammys.

Right.

So.

It's the comedy ghetto.

So did you then thank people or did you?

Yeah.

I always thank all the little people that I had to step onto Gatorium today.

That's nice.

Yes.

They deserve it.

That was nice the way you worked me into that because you were like, Todd, now you won't get to do this ever, but what would you do?

Why shouldn't you have a platform even if it's here in the Earwolf Studios?

Well, Todd, I noticed you're sitting there.

You got your arms crossed.

Your body language is, okay, finally you uncrossed him.

You're really standoffish.

What's going on?

Seriously?

Yeah, seriously.

I don't know.

We should have a safe word with me and you because I've spent a lot of time.

I would exude 20 minutes into that and then he'd go, I was just kidding.

I didn't.

I have a cold, but that's about it.

That's why you sit there with your arms crossed.

They're really high up.

It's like how the Beatles used to hold their guitars.

Let me think if I really had to answer.

It's a little chilly in here.

Oh, okay.

Sorry about that.

I feel good.

I'm a little less chatty than normal.

That's okay.

I mean, we're talking to Al about the Grammys.

Yeah, I'd rather listen.

It's fascinating.

Usually I'm in here with these fucking idiots.

What do I give a shit?

But with Al, I'm actually curious about some of this stuff.

Who do you have last time?

You know, some, you know, nobodies.

But now this is somebody I'd like to hear the story about the Grammy.

That was interesting.

You respect your elders.

Well, no, I just...

I don't mean that age-wise.

I mean, like, people who are more successful than you.

I'm curious.

I like the first one.

I find it interesting.

I like stories.

I like, what were you thinking when the phone rang?

Oh, that's a great question.

What were you thinking when the phone rang?

I thought somebody might be on the other line.

Great.

Take a break.

How big of a thrill was that for you in 1984?

Eat It Wins a Grammy.

That was back when it was just a comedy recording.

It was kind of apples and oranges because they had, like, singles up against albums.

Right.

So it was like any kind of comedy recording.

I think it was like a good phone message if you got a good phone recording.

That was, you know, that could be nominated.

I never submitted.

But yeah, I was up that year against, I think, like Rodney Dangerfield.

Rappin' Rodney.

Yeah.

It might have been.

Rappin' Rodney.

Eddie Murphy.

Yeah.

Eddie Murphy party.

No, no, no.

Boogie in your butt.

Dangerous.

It wasn't all like, you know, the music.

It was like his actual, you know, comedy album.

And Curly Shuffle?

Was it that year?

I'm not sure if that got nominated.

Who did that?

It should have.

Jump in the Saddle.

Come on, Todd.

And the Crane.

Oh, wow.

Jump in the Shadow.

Oh, there used to be a comedy club in Philadelphia and they'd play that.

That meant the show was about a minute from starting.

So they'd say, look at the crowd, look at the crowd.

And then the manager would get on the back mic.

It was his only chance to perform and he would be like, oh, look at the crowd, look at the crowd.

I don't know if he needed him to be doing that to add any value to the song.

To this day, you get a little nervous when you hear Jump in the Saddle.

That's exactly what I was saying.

We have a joke where we would be driving down the street, me and comedians, and we hear that song and we would go, ah, ah, ah.

The show's starting.

It's like literally 25 years later.

Paul Tompkins knows this all too well, that song.

Look at the crowd, look at the crowd.

Oh, Paul says, I think he says, I knew when that song played that I was about to go up any second and hate the audience.

I'm paraphrasing a little bit.

It was something like that.

So 1984, Edith.

Look at the crowd, look at the crowd.

Paul F. Tompkins.

Yes.

Thank you.

Tompkins without the H.

But you're a young man, your career's just taken a quantum leap into superstardom.

You win a Grammy.

I mean, what an amazing moment.

It was.

And then I went back to my $300 a month apartment with a Murphy bed.

Really?

Yeah.

Is that true?

It is true.

An Eddie Murphy bed.

Named after Eddie Murphy.

Interesting.

Where was that apartment?

It was 108 South Gramercy Place, Los Angeles, California.

Whoa.

And do you remember the apartment number?

409.

Really?

As in, she's so fine.

Oh, that's amazing.

I wonder who's in there right now.

Let's find out.

That could be a good reality show.

Oh, yeah.

It actually would be.

Like going back to, like superstars go back to the apartments where they used to live, inspire the people who live in that apartment.

Like, hey, look, you don't always have to live in a shithole.

Right.

But, you know, I did live there for a good year after Edith came out.

I was winning Grammys, my albums were going gold.

But, you know, the checks weren't rolling in.

That's why I was still, like, in this little crappy little apartment.

Well, the music industry, like, it's hard to get those checks, isn't it?

These days, particularly, yes.

Yeah, yeah.

Wait, so from when that happened to when you financially, he's asking, I figure I may as well ask.

So from when that happened to when you felt the, you know, the- The boon, the benefits.

The benefits of that were how long?

About a year, I think.

I didn't buy a house until 85, so it was a good year before the royalty checks rolled in, yeah.

And then they came in like a motherfucker.

Then it's like a waterfall of pennies.

Then I was eating regularly.

I can't imagine, like, I cannot imagine, because, I mean, as far as America is concerned, you've been a superstar all of our lives, you know what I mean?

Or, like, you've been a superstar from- You kids!

But, you know what I mean?

I don't mean to say that I'm younger at all, but I mean, you're- That's how I took it.

What I mean to say is, like, from the moment we knew of you, you were a superstar.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, I know what you mean.

It's hard to imagine the years- Like, why is this unknown Al Yankovic guy everywhere I look?

I know.

What is that?

He shouldn't be on the radio.

He's completely unknown.

But it's not even like you went from, like, some guy that we sort of heard of to Edith.

Like, we knew about you, you know, from Edith, practically.

I mean, maybe a year or two earlier from Dr. Domeno.

Right.

But it just seemed, like, you seemed to be a megastar.

A completely formed megastar at birth.

Yeah, exactly.

Isn't that because we didn't know the business?

It's like people say today, like, there's people who go, oh, that guy's an overnight success.

And you have to, sometimes at Thanksgiving, explain to a family member, no, no, no, they're not.

They've been doing it for a while.

How long had you been doing it before that song?

Oh, weeks.

No.

No, I don't know.

I mean, ever since I was a kid, I was sending stuff to Dr. Domeno, so it depends where you kind of start.

But I don't quite get the question.

It's like, you can say the same thing about anybody.

Like, ever since I've known Lady Gaga, she's been so famous.

But that's what I'm saying.

That's what I'm saying.

I'm saying what you're saying.

Like, yeah, that's every, that's, yeah.

But that's what I'm saying is, like, you just kind of naturally always think of famous people as they've always been famous, and it's hard to imagine their struggling years.

So even for me, it's like, it seems insane that you were living in a tiny apartment when I'm sitting there, you know, in Orange County at the time, you know, living in my parents' house, and listening to your record, thinking, oh, my God, you know, like, you're incredibly famous to most people.

Well, you know, I would have interviewers, you know, they'd want to come to my house, quote unquote, to interview me.

And for that year, they thought they were being pranked.

They would, you know, like, the German news crew wants to come to your house and do an interview with you, and like, no, really, where do you live?

No, you don't live here, obviously.

It's like when Zach drives around his Subaru hatchback, you know, it's like they think, oh, this is an affectation.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Where do you live, Todd?

I live in Los Angeles.

No, but I mean, specifically the address.

Whoa. I'd be happy to have people stop by.

I live near the Grove.

Okay.

Is that close enough?

Okay, that's close enough.

I have a nice house, don't worry.

Yeah, no, your place is lovely.

Have you been there?

Yeah, I think so.

Haven't I?

I don't know.

Maybe, maybe not, maybe have you moved recently?

No, 10 years, eight years I've been there.

Eight years, maybe not in eight years.

You should invite me over.

I should.

At some point.

What?

At some point.

How about I invite the two of you over?

You ever had Fred Stoller over?

He just wanders the Grove randomly.

He does?

I do see him there.

What an odd thing for you to know.

I've seen Fred Stoller at the Grove three times.

Does he just walk around?

He lives at the Grove.

Fred Stoller's funny, right?

Yeah, he is.

Funny.

I wish he'd never stop stand-up.

He was one of my favorites.

Did he stop?

Oh, I mean, I don't, ooh.

Todd, come on, man.

Be cool.

I think there was a period where Fred might have.

I think he might have.

But he was one of my favorites early on to see.

He had been doing stand-up probably three more years before me.

But by the time I saw him, he was pretty good already.

Three years.

You can do a set.

You've been doing it three years.

And I remember really loving his stuff.

And we'll be right back.

That's boring.

I always worry.

Maybe Fred Stoller's listening.

It makes his day.

Come on.

All right.

Well, I'll tell you what.

Why don't we take a tiny little break?

Let's hear a song that Al beat out in 1984.

This is Rappin' Rodney.

We'll be right back with a little comedy bang bang.

I'll tell you what right now.

I'll tell you, you know.

I'm going to do what the guy did at the Comedy Cabaret.

Could we hear it?

Yeah.

I would actually like to hear you along with us.

No respect.

I don't tell you.

I've got no respect at all.

No respect.

I'll tell you.

I was an ugly kid.

I never had fun.

I never had fun ever, you know.

No respect.

They took me to a dog show and I won.

No respect.

I'll tell you.

That was horrible.

No respect.

When I was born, I brought no joy.

No respect.

My father punched me in the face with a brick.

No respect.

My old man said he wanted a boy.

No respect.

My old man hated me so much he fucked me up my ass.

No respect.

I was an ugly kid.

Always alone.

No respect.

I was alone.

No respect.

Playing with my cock.

Halloween.

I had to trick or treat over the phone.

No respect.

Trick or treat over the phone.

No respect.

I used to shove candy up high.

No respect.

I don't get a break with anything.

bosses.

I'm getting old.

It's hard to face.

No respect.

During sex I lose my sex.

My sexist.

Your sexist.

No respect.

I used to푸eon.

No respect.

it's hard to face. No respect, no respect. But during sex I lose my place. No respect, no respect. Stake in sex, my favorite pair. No respect, no respect. I haven't bowed the same way, very rare. No respect, no respect. I know I'm old, I could go any minute. No respect, no respect. I got a kidney shaped pool with a stone in it. No respect, no respect.

Dr. Vinnie Boombats, that's another one. No respect, no respect. I said I want to stop aging. He gave me a gun. No respect, no respect. I told him I got water on the knee. He gave me a sponge and raised his feet. What's the matter, Rodney? That ain't easy being me.

It's just Rappin' Rodney. Ain't rappin' tight, no, no. Rappin' Rodney.

Oh, that is Rappin' Rodney. In retrospect, what do you think? Is that a winner?

You know, I think it stands the test of time.

Todd, are you on the phone? Is everything okay?

It never gets older here, older white people rap.

Yeah, I know.

I didn't know. I thought you were taking a break. I didn't know we were back so quickly.

We're back. Yeah, what do you think of that? What do you think of Rodney?

I like Rodney. I'll tell the story I just told.

Yeah, tell it, please.

I like any new Rodney stories. I only met Rodney a few times. Did we talk about this?

No, I don't think so.

One time, whatever he said would make you infectiously laugh because to me, explaining meeting Rodney was like, I mean, we've met people. You meet people that you've seen on TV and it's always, especially when you're younger. But Rodney was getting to meet Homer Simpson or Fred Flintstone, meaning you can't meet them. They're cartoons. Rodney was a cartoon character. So when you met him, you know what I mean? He was equivalent to that. He was larger than life. It was just this unbelievable. And then you're talking to this.

So it was amazing to sit there. You would pull back and go, oh my God, that's Rodney. That's it.

And somebody goes, hey, Rodney, this is Todd. He lives in Philadelphia. He goes, that's good. Philadelphia needs him. And then we all laughed. And then when he left, we went, what did he mean by that? We had no idea. And then one time, it was back when Bob Nelson used to open for him and Bob brought me to a few shows when he was opening for him. And he was gambling and he was trying to be nice to the people around him. You could tell he was trying to give him a little piece of Rodney and maybe they'd go away. And he was like, all right, all right. And then a minute passed by and he would say, and then finally just turns to everybody. And he goes, hey, everybody, thanks for ruining a good conversation. And he just, he just took off with everybody. I'm like, oh, those people. And I always thought what those people must've thought like, oh my God, Rodney's joking with us. He's, oh my God, he's really nice. Thanks a lot. You fucking idiot. What about Rickles? So like, did you ever meet Rickles? I met Rickles once with Bob.

Oh no. I met Rickles twice. Once with Bob Zane a long time ago and I was a little nervous. He was so nice as everybody says, but once at the, uh, at the Jimmy Kimmel show about a year ago, someone got me a shirt of his from there's a, there's a place where they sell clothing from like, uh, people that to donate money for to celebrity celebrities, clothing, and then you buy them and then it goes to charity. So, uh, Brian Hussein bought me a Don Rickles, uh, shirt. Somehow he had a Don Rickle. Oh no, no, someone else bought it for me. Uh, Brian opened for him and he got him to sign it for me. So I have the signed shirt. I went and took the signed shirt and then I put it in a glass case. And then I went to the Jimmy Kimmel show and I met him backstage and I had him sign the glass case and he goes, he goes, all right. You know, he was like, that's good. And somehow the guy's getting in my dresser, but he was real nice. And then Bob Newhart was sitting there and, uh, I, I thought like there, I thought, oh my God, I should ask him to sign it. Not that I wouldn't want him to, but I wouldn't want to bother him. I was just like, leave him alone. But then I thought, what if he's sitting there thinking, oh, the guy doesn't want my, but then I thought, no, he's probably not like me, that insecure where he gives a shit, you know, but I still asked.

And he wrote, Don Rickles wrote this long thing and then Bob Newhart wrote me to the sign.

So I thought if I put the glass case in a glass case and then brought that back that night, it might get a little nervous. All right. But I did a bit, you know, it was fun real quick.

Then I, uh, I did a bit with him and that was fun because he goes, he goes, oh yeah, everybody from Philly does this. I even forget what it was. I was so nervous. I really wasn't paying attention. He goes, just ask me this, like setting us how we do it. We set each other for bits. Cause you always say to me, okay, just ask me this. And when I say this, ask me this.

Yeah. Like when we're at UCB, I'll go, you asked me this and I'll do that. And we set up the bit real quick and he's doing a bit and I get the bit wrong. He goes, no, no, no, no. He goes, you asked me this. And then I did it again. I'm like, I'm doing a bit with Don Rickles.

And I'm so nervous. I'm fucking it up. Do you remember the bit or no? I don't. I really don't.

Well guys, it is our, uh, uh, Grammy, uh, uh, uh, special here and, uh, we're, uh, uh, and, uh, Oh, someone just walked in. Who is this? Just send me down right here, gentlemen. Yeah. Just right. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. All of a sudden, two, two incredibly large muscle men walked in with a, with a woman carrying a woman on their shoulders. Thank you. That's me. It's Liza Minnelli. Thank you very much gentlemen. Thank you. What happened? What happened to your leg? Well, you see, I was at home and my little dog was running by me and I was, I was, and there was a tea cart and then the pool. So I tripped over all three and I fell in the pool. I broke my leg in three places. Oh my gosh. Sorry. Terrible. I have these big muscle men that carry me around wherever I want to go without shirts. That's right. It's part of the job.

Really? How do you screen for that? Do you, is it auditions or many auditions? You'd be surprised. Got to get a lot of gentlemen callers coming up to my place.

I would be surprised. Yes. And then they come up to my penthouse and they ask, Liza, can we carry you? And sometimes, you know, a little secret. And sometimes I just hurt myself on purpose so I can get carried by this man. Was this one on purpose? No, no, it wasn't. Oh, I'm so sorry. It was a very bad accident. Well, Liza, speaking of the Grammys, have you met Al Yankovic? Hey, Liza, how are you? It's, I'm such a fan. Oh, I mean you. Oh, thank you. You're just a, you're just a deer, aren't you? Oh, I try. You're just a adorable deer. I just love you. A female deer, yes. Yes. That's just, you're precious. I don't know you.

Oh, that's okay. That's okay. You look familiar. Did you do some work on growing pains?

Is that you? No, no, I do stand up. I've been doing standup for a long, oh, no, no, people do say, look, I don't think. That's totally fine. I don't mind. No, my name's Todd Glass. I do stand up. I've been, and that's a, that's a pleasure to me. Oh, you're very funny. Oh, yeah. What you just said just there is just hilarious. You've got a lot of talent. You're going to go very far. I can feel it. Oh, thank you. Yeah. Thank you very much. Can I ask you a question? Absolutely. I feel like I'm asking you like some data question, but I loved Arthur. It was like one of my favorite movies. Was that, was that, did you, was that a? Was that was me? Was that, well, what is your question? That was me. Was that you? Yeah, it was me.

It's one of my favorite movies. It's the dumbest guy. Were you in it? That would be, I don't care, but I'm going to cough. That would be the dumbest guy in the world to question.

I love that movie. Was that you in it? No, you'd be surprised. I get that a lot.

And sometimes I look in the mirror and I say, was that you and Arthur? And then I answered, yes, it was. What is your question? Do you? I don't know. I was going to ask. I was trying to, you know. Yeah, trying to set up a bit. I guess. No, no, bit. I just know it was, that was that a fun movie to do. It was so fun. I know you probably wouldn't say no. So as I was asking the question, I thought maybe it's not a good question, but. No, it's a fantastic question.

Don't, don't be so hard on yourself. Oh, thank you. I like your positive attitude. Absolutely.

I've been through it all. You know, you just, you just, you can't be down on yourself like that.

All right, Alan Thicke. Thank you, Todd Glass. Anyway. And you and I have never met. Well.

Before. Well, we met when you were a young boy. You probably don't remember. Oh my gosh. I don't remember. Your uncle Charlie. Your uncle Charlie used to design my hat pins. Oh, that's right. He was the hat pin designer to the stars. I didn't realize that you were one of the people. That's right. Oh, that's amazing. And then he took you. I don't know if you remember this. It was illegal.

He shouldn't have left the country with you. All right. Oh, that's what I was doing. He took you to East Berlin where I was doing a show. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You were sort of doing a cabaret reenactment. Yes, that's it. Stage reading. Yeah. It was a stage reading cabaret act. I wonder why, why was I, I wondered why I was there. Uncle Charlie. He took you there and then you were there against your will. I know I blocked out most of that trip to be quite honest. I don't really remember most of it. Well, you might not remember that that's when you got your comedy start because you came up to me and you said, Liza, I want to be just like you. Wow. And I said, I looked at your face and I said, Ellie, you're not knees and you're a curly headed boy.

Scott, this just, when things come full circle in life, I've always thought, I didn't want to tell you because I thought you'd take it the wrong way, but you always, and I've talked about this with Paul F. Tompkins, you remind us of Liza Minnelli. So it all sort of makes sense now.

Interesting. Well, you're just, you're, you're very passionate about what you do and not, not your luck. I'm not trying to be silly. I think, but your, your delivery is very much like, if you take one of your jokes and I don't want to make you do it now, but later you'll do it when you're by yourself at the house. Yeah. And I'll sit and I'll go, Oh, Liza with an L. You know, that was, I trying to do lies in front of her. It's disrespectful. That is fantastic. Stop being, stop beating yourself up Alice. First of all, I love your positive attitude because I'm the most insecure person and I need you, like it brings it out of me not to be so insecure. No, you can't, you can't let life take you down like that. Do you understand what I'm saying? I had a mother. All right. And everyone said Judy Garland. Yes. As a matter of fact, that was her. Even my own father said, you're never going to be as good as your mother. He would say that? Yes. Who was your father again? Charlie McCarthy? Vincent. No. Oh, the puppet. The puppet. Yeah, no, that wasn't my, that wasn't my father. I don't know why that name was in my head. He was a dear friend of the family.

Oh, Charlie McCarthy was? Charlie McCarthy used to come over for, a mother used to make wonderful dinners and Charlie wouldn't eat any of it. He'd get really upset when your mother, I remember, used to threaten to throw him into the fire. Yes, it was all, it was madness, you see.

It was a lot of drama. But you made it positive. That's right. I came out on the other end, and now it's just sequins all day long. Yeah, wow. And you still enjoy performing?

Oh, I love it, Alan. Thank you for asking. Todd. Yes. Are you going to answer? No, yeah, I love performing. I'm sorry, I took a brief nap there for a minute. Yeah, all of a sudden you just like, your eyes rolled up into the back of your head. Well, answer, I'm a little old now, you know what I mean? The gentlemen are ready to catch you, I noticed. Absolutely. Yeah, they look so good against the foam boards there. They're waiting for me to... Later on, I oil them up every half an hour, they let me do that. Is that part of the job, or is that extracurricular?

No, it's part of the job. They're getting paid. So anyway, as I was saying, I love to perform, and I have some favorite artists that are going to be at the Grammys this year.

Oh, favorite artists. Yes, Weird Al.

Oh, thank you. How nice. Yes, and now let me ask you something. Justin Timberlake, he's not going to be there, right? Oh, no, no, no. I think he's retired from music.

That's good, because I hate him. What? That's atypical of your normal, positive outlook. He's a terrible, terrible human being.

Oh, no. What happened?

Well, you see, Justin Timberlake and I, we were going to record a song together, all right? And so he whined and dined me, took me, flew me all the way to Paris, France. He took me up to the Eiffel Tower. He made champagne, everything. We made mad love. And then all of a sudden, I fly back to the States. The next thing I know, my song that I wrote, Sexy Back, is on the radio, sung by that son of a gun, Justin Timberlake. You wrote that? You wrote Sexy Back?

That's my song. Really?

Yeah, absolutely, it is. And he stole it from me.

In all fairness to Justin Timberlake, we don't know his side, but while you're here, I may as well ask yours. You never called him? You never said, hey, what's going on with that?

Alan, it was too late. It was already on the pop charts.

Oh, yeah. It's just too late at that point. Something is on the pop charts. It's legally binding. Since you wrote that, I have to ask, but what does twerking mean?

It's a French. Great question.

It's a French-Scottish phrase that means pizzazz.

So you kind of popularized the whole twerking.

Yes, yes. That's me.

Thank you for that.

You're so welcome, and you've done so much for society.

Well, I do my best.

Let me ask you a question.

Okay, please.

What inspires you to choose the songs you choose when you want to make a parody song?

I hope this is making it uncomfortable, but kind of in a way you do, because I always think, what would Liza do?

Oh my gosh, I'm so flustered. Thank you. I'm so nice of you.

So you've constantly been sort of the Yoda of my life, the hologram Yoda.

So when you sang the song Yoda, was it about Liza?

In a way, it was.

Oh my gosh.

I'm so glad you're here.

Can I ask you a question?

Yes, Alan.

More like the Gazoo from the Flintstones series than Yoda, in all seriousness, but Yoda nonetheless.

Can I ask that, everyone, we don't need to ask if we can ask questions?

So Todd, you know, just ask the question.

You know what, it's just people do that.

Liza, just ask the question.

Absolutely.

Do you need to ask if you can answer the question?

Yes, I will institute that policy.

Yes.

I have a podcast and I would like you to come on in and co-host with me, if that would ever be possible.

You haven't asked if you can answer.

Can I answer that question, Scott?

Let's agree that we don't have to answer asked questions.

I need to oil these gentlemen up right now.

All right, sorry.

Listen, I would love to be on your podcast.

I don't even know what they are, but where's the pod?

How did you come by this program?

You heard we were doing a Grammy special?

We've never met before.

Yeah, well, I'm trying to get an invitation to the Grammys.

I'm still waiting on it.

I'd like to go.

That's why I'm in town.

Oh, Al, who's your plus one?

My wife, but she'd understand if it took Liza, I think.

Yeah, I mean, your biggest inspiration.

You'd think, yeah.

She would be a dear if she would just step aside.

I'll ask.

I'll text her.

Or what if Liza here went with your wife?

That could work, I suppose.

That's not fair to Al, to be honest.

No, but I mean, when you think about it, then maybe Liza could go up on stage and actually accept the award.

Well, can I say something?

Yeah.

No, I mean, can I apologize for asking?

Why don't?

Because I just think it's fair, because this is close to Al's heart.

It's the industry in which he's in.

Maybe let Liza say what she would say in place of him before he decides if she would go.

So Al is up for, say he wins for best comedy record for Alpocalypse.

How exactly would you give the...

Ladies and gentlemen, I just want to say thank you for being here tonight.

Thank you so much for having me.

This award means more to me than my own mother.

I want to thank Bob Fosse.

I would like to thank George Gershwin, Sammy and Frank.

Can I interject?

And normally I say not this, but in this case, you should...

Oh, I feel we're giving Liza Minnelli, but...

No, no.

Don't be so hot on yourself.

This is a safe room.

It's a safe environment.

Well, you're taking it in the place of Al.

You should thank, like Al couldn't make it tonight.

No, no, those are exactly the same people I would thank had I won the award myself.

Oh, yeah.

Gershwin, Sammy and Frank.

I didn't notice you gave her your list.

Your speech.

I put Sammy and Frank number two, though.

Bob Fosse.

Let me try it again.

Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to thank Michael Jackson for everything.

Actually, that is someone you would have thanked.

Perhaps, yes.

Yeah, that is him.

And I'd like to say hello to Blanket and Prince and Paris.

Thank you very much.

Good night.

Beautiful.

I should stay home that night.

Yeah, I think so.

I'm trying to get custody of the children.

Oh, yeah, that would be...

That's actually not a bad idea, you know, because who are they with right now?

I don't even know.

Like, we talk about Michael Jackson's children every day, but we don't know the family people.

The mother, the mother.

Michael Jackson's mother.

Okay, yeah, they're probably with them.

But you want custody?

Just a blanket.

He's the cute one.

He's a dear.

That first one, I don't know.

He's like one quarter Elvis.

Have you noticed, did you see him recently on The X Factor last year?

He's like, he looks like Elvis a little bit, and he's like chewing gum on TV.

I don't know how rude.

Michael Jackson's...

Yeah, the eldest one, the one from Lisa Marie.

Maybe he really is.

Do you believe in reincarnation?

I do.

Maybe he really is.

Do you guys believe in reincarnation?

Sure.

Alan, what about you?

Todd, but that's okay.

Yeah, I think so.

I'm not sure I don't believe in it.

Have you ever met someone that you go, oh my God, you remind me so much of someone that I used to know, that's not with us anymore, and you kind of have the same spirit?

Have you ever felt like that?

Yes, sometimes.

Old souls, stuff like that.

I kind of see you, I don't know if the timing works out here, but I kind of see you as a reincarnation of Wally Cox.

Oh, out of all people?

Yeah, somehow.

We find out Wally Cox died the very day Todd was born.

Oh, no, I don't know, but why are we talking about reincarnation?

Does it have to do with the license?

Well, we were talking about, yeah, she mentioned it while you were talking to Al.

Oh, okay.

And so I thought it was an interesting topic of conversation that we would bring up and throw to the group.

Do you feel like you were reincarnated from somebody?

Absolutely.

I love your energy.

Thank you.

I love you.

Or do you get, I mean, I know you get sad, I'm sure like everybody, but do you pretty much chipper like this all the time?

Absolutely.

I wake up and I look at my shoes and put them on.

And you get in a good mood?

Yeah, I do.

And I put my slippers on and I walk out on the balcony of my penthouse.

What do you do when you're sad?

How do you get yourself?

I put my slippers on and I walk out on the balcony of my penthouse.

Oh, that's, I don't know.

It sounds like it's a preamble to a suicide actually.

Well, we'll get there.

That's in my upcoming book.

Oh, no.

I walked out onto the balcony in my slippers.

And I made a decision.

Dark years.

You had fun here today?

I had so, I'm still having fun.

If you had to describe exactly what's happening right now, how would you describe it?

Well, the gentlemen behind me are getting oiled up there.

They're actually oiling each other up with...

Sure, yeah, that's your touchstone.

Stop that, gentlemen.

Yeah, you can always return to that if you get lost.

But what's happening on this side of the room?

We've got a gloriously talented couch full of gentlemen who have brought so much skill and entertainment to this world, it brings tears to my eyes.

But what exactly are we doing, if you had to guess?

Yeah, we're...

This is almost mean.

It's like when I wake up in the morning and I put my slippers on and I walk out to the balcony and I look out and I say, here, Pidgey, Pidgey, here.

Here, Pidgey, Pidgey, here.

She has no idea what's going on right now.

And I say to myself, what about the days when you're backstage?

Turn her headphones off so we can talk.

Turn her headphones down.

Honestly, and I wouldn't do this.

I wouldn't do this if it would hurt her feelings.

No, I know.

She has no idea.

No idea.

She just has a...

Not a clue, no.

...a form of positivity that she goes with.

Garson, Garson.

She just goes with this...

Now she's calling for the waiter.

And like, a ginger beer back.

She just knows that we're in the business, so she's trying to be like, you guys are so talented.

Somebody get her a ginger beer, please.

Her son is French people, think so?

I'm not sure if we're supposed to get it for her or if she's doing an improv scene.

Do you have any ginger beer?

I don't know.

But if you really want to see some good sights, just go to Germany.

Oh, she's...

Now she's giving travel advice, I think.

It's a delightful place.

Is she reading the Zagats right now?

She's going to start telling a story about when she worked with Simon and Garfunkel.

Oh yeah, if we just let her run, maybe she'll just...

If I could just do your hair, it would be better if I tried to just run my fingers through it.

Oh boy.

But you don't, you know, just clip the...

Is she talking to any of us right now?

I think she might be.

Here, Pidgey, Pidgey, here.

Here, Pidgey, Pidgey.

I think, are we being mean?

No, no, no, she doesn't understand.

Scott, how are you?

Oh, she's back.

Oh, I'm good, I'm good.

It's so good to see you.

It's so great to see you.

Turn her headphones on.

Nice to see you.

Yeah, yeah.

Do you know Kirk Cameron?

I don't know him personally, but of course I know of his work, yes.

Was it great to work with him?

I forgot.

It's hard for me.

Yes, I forgot she thinks that.

Yeah, you know what, that was a great...

It was a great...

We all got along in that show.

I love to have some negative stories, but everybody was great.

When he went religious, he got a little much on our nerves, but other than that, it was all fun.

Al.

Yes?

What's next for you?

What's at the end of your rainbow?

You know, I would love to be one of the people carrying you around everywhere you go.

Oh, I'd like to see that.

Not in a casket, right?

She's dark, she's edgy.

Do you ever think you would...

That's a stupid ask, but do you think you would ever do a song with Liza?

Would that be something?

I would love to accept, it would be horrible if it went awry somehow.

Like if it went bad and you wound up hating me like you hate Justin Timberlake.

I could not deal with that.

There's no one on this earth that I would hate more than him.

I could never hate you, look at you.

Not even like...

You're beautiful.

Pol Pot or...

Who?

Not like Pol Pot or Hitler or...

No, they're all right.

You know, there's a lot of younger people that listen to this show, obviously, but everyone knows who you are, but they might not be familiar with your music.

And if the answer is no, I totally respect it.

Would you do like ten...

No, thank you.

Oh, no.

Well, and look at you, you really did respect it.

That's so nice of you.

Yeah.

I thought it was worth it.

Maybe, you know, you said over the rainbow, I know, didn't you sing that song?

Well, you see, for years I never sang that song because it's my mother's song.

Too many bad memories.

And my father said, you'll never amount to anything.

And you won't be as good as your mother.

Then you certainly proved him wrong.

So, thank you.

Thank you, Alan.

And so I never sang that song and I finally, you know, well, you remember my fourth husband, David.

Yeah, David Guest.

The gay one.

Yeah.

Anyway.

One?

Just one of them.

Only one.

The one that you know of.

Oh, okay.

I, Liza, I want to ask you a question.

He made me sing it.

Turn our headphones down first, okay?

I just kind of want to ask you a question.

I just kind of want to ask her like any kind of like general question, see if she'll just like, you know, kind of just kind of start talking about anything.

You know, I think it like anything that just is off the top of her head would be more interesting than any question I could ask her.

You know what I mean?

Yes, of course.

Just like wind her up and let her run.

You know what I mean?

Okay, turn her back up, Cyrus, if you could.

Because you don't want, you don't want.

Oh, turn her down again.

Hello.

I think if she doesn't, and as long as this isn't hurting her feelings, but I see her headphones off.

As long, because I think when she doesn't know something, she just goes to this place that is magical to listen to.

Just telling stories that she thinks will entertain.

She connects, she connects it somehow in her head, but it doesn't really.

Maybe that's what it is, is ask her something really specific that she wouldn't know the answer to.

Thank you.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Here we go.

Hi, Liza.

Oh, hi.

What happened?

Nothing.

You were fine.

Oh.

Liza, can I ask, who do you think is going to win the World Series this year?

Oh, Larry King is a fantastic guy.

You see, we met just in 1924, and the thing is, it was predicted in the stars that him and I would always work together in some fashion, in some way.

Turn her headphones down again.

She's doing it.

He and I, I mean, bad grammar as well.

Suspenders, I told him, wear some suspenders, accessorize.

She's the one who told Lady Gaga, start dressing weird, and Larry King.

If you don't do it, then I will.

You see, it was during Victor Victoria when I took over.

Oh, I love Victor Victoria.

The thing is, Judy, my mother, Judy, well, she wouldn't let me call her mother, you see, because she denied that I was even her mother.

This may be built up to talking about the World Series in some way.

Maybe she'll tie it into the World Series.

I'll knock it out of the park.

Oh, wow, turn it back up.

Amazing.

She got back into it.

Well, guys, we have, it is our Grammy special, and we have one of our favorite Grammy Award nominated features on the show.

It's a little something that we like to call Would You Rather?

It's actually got a Grammy Award nomination?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

The actual feature did.

Yeah, the actual did.

Best feature on my podcast.

Wow.

You really got to slim down those categories.

There's so many of them.

It's almost like anyone could be nominated for a Grammy.

Pretty much, yeah.

If you do anything, like if you would put out any kind of recorded medium, it's like you'd get a Grammy nomination.

Like if you put out anything like a record called Thin Pig, it's like they're just handing out Grammy nominations.

Hi, Todd.

Welcome back.

You got me back.

I don't think you even need to record it.

Just make some kind of noise into the atmosphere, and I think you have a shot.

How many actual nominations are there?

I mean, how many categories?

Categories?

Yeah.

They actually did slim it down recently, so there were more than 100 now there's high double digits.

Oh, my gosh.

Not enough, in my opinion.

People should start acknowledging my work, because if I die, people are going to go, Todd Glass, he wasn't really appreciated.

By the way, don't talk about dying again.

I'm going to get emotional here again.

All right?

Remember the last time you were on the show?

Come on.

I talk about dying a lot, because it's not even sad to me.

It makes you appreciate life.

I do make a lot of scenarios where somebody's dead or whatever, because then it makes you appreciate life better.

When I think about dying, I just put on my slippers and walk out to the balcony, and I feel much better.

That's the spirit.

Thank you, Eliza.

I'm going to start doing that like Eliza does it, put on your slippers, walk out.

What if you don't have a balcony?

Just go out anywhere, I guess.

Just go on the sidewalk.

Anywhere you can get it.

What if you don't have a sidewalk?

What if you're like on a country road?

Yeah, go on the country road.

Oh, okay, good advice.

Todd, you have a thing about- Country road.

John Denver.

Take me home to the place where I belong.

West Virginia.

Did you ever work with John Denver?

Never.

Oh, he was good.

What did you ask me?

I have a thing with what?

You have a thing like, you really, you know how to appreciate life, Todd.

I try.

You know what I mean?

You once gave me some wonderful advice about treat your house like it's a, what is it?

If you have a small place- Well, it's just basically, even if you have a nice house, but unless it's like a spelling mansion this wouldn't work because you already have that.

But anything, or even if you have the spelling mansion, anything's better if you may pretend you're on a plane.

Like think of your bathroom, your bathroom.

You know, I have a nice bathroom, but it's not, I'm not, no, I'm going to go, oh my.

But if you're on a plane and you walked into the bathroom, you'd be like, you'd go back to your seat and go, have you been in a fucking bathroom?

No, like what?

It's like a fucking full bathroom.

So like last night I was watching TV and you could think like, yeah, I have a living room, nice sofas, whatever, it's normal.

But if I was in a plane, I would go, get the fuck down here.

There's like a living room down there.

It's like Air Force One in here.

Yeah.

It's crazy.

So you enjoy life that way.

I think about you sometimes because I think about like anytime I'm out to dinner and it's not very good, imagine you're on Top Chef and you're a judge and then it makes it more interesting.

You know what I mean?

I never said that, but that's a good idea.

No, but that's something I thought of that I think is sort of like the way you would look at things.

You could say I like the ambiance in here.

It's a, you know, what you've created or whatever.

But I got to be honest and I, the first taste of the fish, it's got a good taste.

It's a little chewy though, then you could sort of make it.

I do a similar thing.

I stock my bar with like little mini liquor bottles, so it kind of feels like I'm on a plane.

So I don't know if that's the inverse of what you're going for or not, but it's going down there.

Yeah, okay.

I do the same thing.

It's great.

Whatever you do, put on your slippers.

That's as close as I can get to you, Liza.

Thank you.

When is the flight going to land?

Are we almost there?

She thinks we're on an airplane right now.

She thinks we're on an airplane.

Turn her down.

Because I didn't get my pretzels.

I think someone, can someone get her a ginger beer and pretzels and one of our interns in here?

I try to appreciate life and I sound like a broken record.

The other thing is, take something, a lot of times when things are affordable, and I've talked about this before, but why can't I talk about it again?

Why not?

Things that are affordable, we tend not to appreciate as much.

Cereal is as good as the best steak in the world, grilled cheese sandwiches, my never ending question.

So sit down and have a bowl of cereal, but set the table nice, light a candle, whatever.

The nicest you can get your table, sit down and really enjoy some cereal.

Why is the cereal not as good as lobster?

Because it's affordable?

No, it's just as good.

That's why I eat my Cheerios.

I sit down with a bowl, I light some candles, little incense.

Shut the fuck up.

Do you really do this, Al?

Oh, every morning for breakfast?

I want to believe you.

Every morning for breakfast, I sit down with a bowl, am I right?

What are you saying?

For some reason, if Al said he did that, my first instinct would be like, so I'm not crazy.

You'd be the side of what is it?

Because I've done that in my career.

One time I found out, I go to green rooms, and if I'm in a green room at a comedy club, it's always too bright.

So I take something from the hotel, like a lamp or even a towel and cover it, and I get teased.

And someone goes, Mitch Hedberg used to do that.

I go, so I'm not crazy.

Someone goes, well Todd, I don't know.

He's really someone you want to be taking life advice from.

So we all know how this is played.

We take Would You Rather Submissions from our Twitter, which is CBBYR, of course, and I'll read them out loud, and I'll open the floor for questions, and then I'll open it.

I can't believe this got on me for a minute.

That's very good.

Hey, put echo in that.

Yeah, put some echo.

All right, here we go.

The number is 666.

That wasn't really echo.

That was more of an effect.

Mama?

What?

I don't know.

Who's there?

Put echo in her voice and let her ramble.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

She'll think she's singing.

It'll be great.

Mother?

Is that you?

Is that you, Mama?

I can hear you.

Stop yelling at me.

That's my favorite song she does.

Put the doilies back on the table.

Wow.

Crazy.

All right, this scenario comes to us from ThunderPantsJr., aka Kurt on Twitter.

ThunderPantsJr. asks, would you rather have love handles that sing your weight every hour or always have to act out your most traumatic moments using marionettes?

Excellent.

Excellent question, but please don't ask any questions yet.

I haven't opened the floor.

Let me repeat that one more time.

Would you rather have love handles that sing your weight every hour or always have to act out your most traumatic moments using marionettes?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Please, please, please, please, please, please, please.

The floor recognizes Al.

Okay.

The obvious question.

I have to start with the obvious question.

The love handles singing your weight every hour, is it any male voice or a female voice?

Great question.

It is your mother's voice.

So if your mother is someone who does not have any, you know, you don't have fond memories of, it would be a bad thing.

But for some of us, it would be a nice thing.

Can I do a follow up?

Are you talking about my mother specifically or anybody's mother?

Any one's mother.

Whoever chooses this scenario, it is their- So their own mother.

Yes, exactly.

Okay.

So it'd be kind of a nice thing to hear from them.

Yeah.

Oh, Todd, yes.

I was raising my hand for the listeners.

Is it, are you overweight?

I mean, you have love handles.

How overweight are you?

At certain times of your life, you're overweight.

Certainly.

I mean, we can all, you know, it's America.

We can all lose a few pounds, you know what I'm saying?

But you can't say if I'm 500 pounds and it's calling that out or is it, you know- No, if you're 500 pounds, it's shouting it out.

Can you be skinny with love handles?

Would that be a look?

Yeah.

You definitely, yeah.

I mean, and the fatter you get, the louder the song is, by the way, too.

Like if you're pretty skinny, you know, like, I don't know what you guys are, but for your height, probably like 170s, probably- Is it an actual song?

I mean, is there like a verse, chorus, verse, bridge, chorus kind of structure going on with the weight?

That's a great structure, by the way, for a song.

Uh-huh.

Yeah.

Is that the structure you use?

Every single time, yes.

So what are you saying you're saying?

Verse, chorus, verse, chorus, bridge.

Let's go with that, yes.

Chorus, chorus?

Okay.

I like that one.

Yeah.

Fade.

Fade?

Oh, really?

You like a good fade out on your songs.

Have you, and I know that you are very attentive to detail in your work.

Have you determined how many songs you fade out and how many songs you end?

Yes.

35% fade out, and 65 end abruptly.

Really?

Yes.

And is that a true, is it- No, not at all.

It would not surprise me if you had paid that much attention to it, Todd.

I started, I know we're in the middle of a bit talking about something else, but while we're at it, let me tag along here.

I started thinking about that for some reason a year ago, like, well, songs used to fade out.

All the time, yeah.

It's a kind of a 70s, 80s phenomenon, and then the 90s people got, you know, let's just end this.

I'm done.

I'm bored.

End it now.

I have a friend who cannot turn off the radio.

He needs, like abruptly, he has to fade the song, and he takes about 15 seconds, he fades out the song in order to replicate that feeling because it just like makes him antsy.

I like a hard out where the bands, like when I watch a performer and the band knows him and he turns to the band and he gives them a boom and everything goes down, I fucking love that.

Oh, yeah.

It's very dramatic.

Yeah, you do that with your band, I'm sure.

I do.

I have a question.

Oh, yes, back to the game, yes, please.

I'm currently in psychotherapy.

Sure.

And part of my treatment is acting out my most dramatic, traumatic experiences with marionettes.

Wow.

Is that going to affect my participation in this game?

This is a wonderful game.

This is a fantastic game.

It's beautiful.

Eliza, you seem to be crying.

You're crying right now.

No, no, it's fine.

It's fine.

I just ate too much peanut brittle.

Stuck in my teeth.

What a weird excuse.

That seems like a front that uses this little pain.

Not a very good front, either.

I don't know.

She's taking pills now.

Literally.

No, no, no.

You didn't see that.

You know, I didn't think about it, but I guess for you, both of these scenarios would be very painful for you because first of all, you'd be- That's not nice.

Well, I mean, really, you don't think so.

Well, the love hand that's insinuating she's fat.

No, I'm saying that the singing her weight with her mother's voice.

I mean, her mother's Judy Garland who- Oh, yes.

You know what I mean?

And then on the flip side of that, having to act out your most traumatic moments, I would think that it's something you're already doing and it's about your mother.

I didn't even think about that.

It is.

All of it, and it's most of it.

I don't mean, and I'm so sorry.

I don't mean to bring stuff like that up.

No, it's fine.

It's a pleasure to be here.

I'm happy to participate.

Your story is good to hear is because a lot of people, they have these horrible things that go on in their life, and it's very dramatic.

And hearing your story, the fact that you're able to be as sane and normal and clear-headed as you are with everything that went on in your life is inspirational.

Oh, look, there's a kitten cat in here.

Here, kitty.

Here, kitty, kitty.

Come here.

Get up on mama's lap.

That's right.

It's not a kitten.

It's a dress.

Look at it.

It's inside of a present.

It's inside of this box.

That was nice of you to say.

I was trying to be nice.

What a lovely gift.

I know.

Alan, did you get me this gift?

You're so nice.

She thinks I gave her a kitty.

Inside a present.

I don't know.

Oh, Jesus.

All right, any more questions here?

We haven't even talked about them.

Todd, you usually have a ton of questions.

Yeah, no.

Well, I can, the marionette, you have to do the marionettes in front of a lot of people?

Yeah, you basically set up shop on the street corner in City Walk, and you can get tips though.

Okay.

I'm not a professional marionette person.

Yeah, you have to act them out and do all the voices.

I can answer this already, what I would do, just by that.

Please don't, though.

Please don't.

No, I won't.

Okay.

Any other questions here?

Oh, yeah.

We've got the love handles with your mother's voice.

Can you leave out some stuff in the marionettes, or can you just tell certain stuff, like there's something you go, I don't want to, that was a part of my life I don't want to- Well, you're doing eight shows a day, so they're all going to vary a little bit, but- Eight shows a day?

Yeah.

Do you have to make the marionettes yourself, or are you supplied with the marionettes?

That's usually what you spend your time doing when you're not doing the eight shows a day.

The eight shows a day take about probably 12 hours of your day, and then you burn the marionettes, and then you- Every day you have to make the marionettes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

From scratch.

Because you don't realize that you're doing it the next day, but then you wake up and you go, oh, I need more marionettes.

Are these wood-carved or molded plastic?

They are kind of a combination.

The heads are wood-carved, because you really want to get them right, and the facial features.

You really want to be specific with the people who have caused you pain.

I find that- Excuse me, sorry.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

I just find that the best wood to use for marionettes is old totem pole wood, because the spirits live inside the wood.

Oh, I never thought of that.

And they can come out, and it's just wonderful psychotherapy, looking to that.

Never considered that before.

That's interesting.

It makes sense.

Ancient Indian totem pole.

Where do you get your used totem poles?

Well, when I travel on my spaceship, it's a sort of halfway point between here and my destination, which is Arkhanikov.

You know she has moments of clarity.

That's where you get it.

I don't know.

She has moments of even- Like a cast station.

Pit stop in space.

Total clarity.

And then you- And they sell them there.

There's a gentleman who sells them there.

Like this one, for instance.

Great, great price.

Oh, wait.

This isn't one?

I don't know if this is talking about a spaceship.

Yeah, I don't know.

She still thinks I'm Alan.

Who does she think I am?

Alan Havy.

What's here for any of the scenarios?

Love handles.

Sing your weight every hour, and they sing in the traditional verse, chorus, verse, chorus, bridge, chorus, chorus in your mother's voice.

Every hour, sing your weight.

It's a little louder, the heavier you get.

Or have to act out your most traumatic moments using marionettes.

Eight shows a day, city walk.

You have to make the marionettes every morning.

I feel like we've just scratched the surface here, seriously.

For one thing- Not a lot of detail so far.

Is it the same?

Going back to the love handles thing, is it the same song every time, or is it a different original composition every hour?

They are original compositions every hour, and most of them are nominated for Grammys.

Wow.

Yeah.

Do you have to go when it sings it, do you have to go in public areas?

You're referring to your mother as an it?

No, that's right.

Your weight.

She sings it.

How would it sound if she sang it?

In your case, it would be like, 285 pounds.

Over and over again?

That's the first verse.

I'm all right, you went over on my weight.

I was waiting for that.

It took me two seconds to realize it.

285 pounds all day, like almost like Kevin Meany.

No, every hour on the hour.

Could it be, is there any way that we could make it Kevin Meany's mom's voice, because that would- How would that sound?

Why do you weigh 285 pounds walking down the street at 285?

Your father doesn't weigh 285.

Your mother doesn't weigh 285.

Why do you got to weigh 285?

Why are you walking around with the extra weight?

All right, any other questions for either of these scenarios?

Imagine if she really spent, Liza over there spent 10 years in psychotherapy and the therapist goes, I'll tell you a problem, you have peanut brittle caught in your teeth.

She goes, thank you, that's what I thought.

You have no emotional issues, just a little bit of peanut brittle, that's why you're always crying over here.

That has nothing to do with your mother.

Leave her alone.

Why are you blaming your poor mother?

She had a hard life herself and you got peanut brittle caught in your teeth.

That's true.

All right, I'm closing the floor for questions.

We're going to vote here.

Al, how do you like to vote here?

Should I just come right out and say it?

I think that would be best.

Shall we?

All right.

First of all, thank you for letting me participate in the Grammy nominated podcast game, Would You Rather.

It is my pleasure.

Before you vote, can I guess what you're going to vote?

Okay, I'd love to do a little side bet.

Yes, okay.

There we go.

That's only the calling out the weight.

Interesting.

Okay.

Al, how do you vote?

Does anybody want to take a side bet on it?

Okay, tell you what.

Do you want to put $5 on this?

I don't have any cash on me.

I don't have any cash on me either, but tell you what, whoever loses has to invite the other person over to their house for a drink.

Oh, I'd be happy to do that either way.

I would be happy to do that either way too, but I like making little bets like that where no one really loses, but it's actually like- But it's fun.

I'm not allowed to bet because I'm addicted to gambling, so I apologize and have to resign from that.

No problem.

Okay, I'll take the other way.

I'll take that he's going to do the marionette.

Take the over on it.

You're going to be honest where you're going.

Because he's a performer eight shows a day.

He's used to that kind of regimen.

But did you ever think that we've all done things that we shouldn't have done or embarrassed him and he's thinking of being on the corner, maybe doing something?

I don't know.

I just think showbiz is in his blood, and if he had to do one or the other, he would pick the one where he gets to perform a little more.

Okay.

Here we go.

Al, what do you got?

Well, although show business is in fact in my blood and my DNA as it were, I have done things in my past that would curl your hair, Scott.

And I just- Is that how your hair is curled?

It is.

It curled my own hair first.

And if I were to share that information, it would curl your hair as well.

And I wouldn't want to be responsible for your hairstyle.

You should tell government scientists about this.

This is amazing.

It's a well-kept secret, but yes, it's true.

And also, I'm essentially lazy, and I'm not really skilled.

I didn't do well in shop class in high school, so doing that much work with plastic casting and wood carving, I think, would be draining for me.

Don't think about that.

On the other hand, I'm a big fan of music, and hearing my mother come up with an original composition every hour on the hour and talking about my weight, I mean, I think I could still have love handles and still have a reasonably nice frame, and I wouldn't be embarrassed by my weight.

So to have that in my ears all day long, I think, would actually be more pleasant than not.

You think it wouldn't drive you crazy?

No.

I think I'd get used to it.

It would be like, yeah.

It would be almost like if you live next to a church and they do, you know...

The bell's going off?

Yeah, the bell's going off.

Or the exorcism's going off.

I don't know, get out of that girl!

Oh, I hate living next to those churches.

Every hour.

Oh, Satan.

You just kind of zone it out there.

Kind of zone it out, yeah.

Okay.

Yeah, well, that's the love handles again.

Okay.

Yeah.

Are you going to vote on you?

Or what do we do here?

I think I'm...

You're just going to vote?

Yeah.

Okay, what do you like?

Well, I'm pretty much...

Not only am I going the way that Al's going, is that I'm for the same reasons.

Really?

Well, when you said carve those heads, I was like, oh, fuck.

It's a lot of work.

It's an effort.

We like to perform and stuff, but that's like...

And then also, exactly what he said, the weight, you don't have to be morbidly obese.

You have some love handles.

I have love handles now, but I'm in all right shape.

But you wouldn't mind everyone that you're always around...

I would keep my weight down for that reason.

Yeah.

Really?

You think that would be...

Of course.

It's like the threat of going to jail to a repeat offender, third strike law.

You think that's what this would be like?

Yeah, so we keep me...

Well, if I know someone's yelling at my weight, I'm certainly not going to have that eight slice of...

It's better than scale.

It's good information.

Wait, hold on a second.

Something happened to Todd here.

What happened?

What just happened to you?

I had a stroke.

Todd, are you all right?

Do you smell burnt toast right now?

I can smell your right arm.

Can you...

I still...

I still sound like a moron, because I wouldn't have that eighth slice of beef.

Okay, call the paramedic.

All right.

End of show.

I know how to deal with this.

All right.

Just put your right hand behind your left ear, and jump up and down.

Well, I don't want to get up right now, but I'm feeling a little...

Oh, that's a sign.

That's a sign.

It definitely is a sign.

Yeah, but you do, Liza?

Absolutely.

Every time I have a stroke, I do that, and it gets me right out of it.

How many strokes have you had?

Bazzazz, bam.

Todd, put on your slippy stash.

Liza, we're going to go to you to vote now.

How do you like to vote on this?

I'm going to stick with my psychotherapy, and so by default, I'm going to have to choose reenacting my most traumatic moments with the marionettes.

Would you mind doing a little bit of that for us right now?

That's what I was going to ask.

Oh, yeah, please.

We'll do a little show here.

You should put some old-timey music behind it.

All right, yeah.

Do we have some old-timey music?

We'll talk about it later.

Oh, yeah, that's great.

Oh, great.

Okay.

Mama, I can hear you, and now you have me come all the way downstairs, and I slid down the banister, and I fell on the ground, and you didn't even help me up.

You didn't help me up.

That doesn't sound that bad.

Mama, what's for dinner?

Grilled cheese.

What's for dinner?

Grilled cheese?

Grilled cheese again.

That tastes great.

I like grilled cheese.

We've had that every night.

Where's Papa?

I love that every night.

Papa's making another movie.

Tomato soup.

Sounds like she's got a famous father.

This is terrible.

Terrible.

When are we coming back?

I need to be tucked in.

That's not so bad.

Tucked in, I said.

Sounds like she's the pain in the ass.

What is this, another present for me?

A dolly.

My favorite doll.

You went to the store and got it for me.

Well, I can't have this present before I eat my meal.

What is this, another present for me?

A dolly.

My favorite doll.

You went to the store and got it for me.

What is this, another present for me?

A dolly.

My favorite doll.

You went to the store and got it for me.

Well, I can't have this present before I eat my meal.

What are you doing, Mama?

She just sounds like a terrible person.

The daughter was the pain in the ass.

I never knew that.

And scene.

Oh, very good, Liza.

Oh, my goodness.

I don't know.

That was horrific.

I'm sorry you had to see that.

I'm sorry.

I'd like to say something.

They're still playing the music, so could they fade it out?

Oh, yeah, let's fade the music.

No, abrupt.

I want abrupt.

Okay, abrupt.

Yeah, here we go.

Here we go.

Nice.

All right.

Well, guys, let's see.

Liza, you win by default, unfortunately.

I hate to reward someone with that type of behavior, but you picked the right answer.

Oh, because you're writing the wrong answer?

Yeah, yeah.

Thank you so much.

Todd and Al, you did not pick the right answer, so sorry.

I hate to reward someone with that type of personality, but what are you going to do with your victory?

I'd like to thank Weird Al for his parody songs.

His amazing ability to bring humor and entertainment to this world in a dark, dark time with economic troubles.

Especially now.

He brings smiles and rainbows.

Thank you, Liza.

Thank you.

That's the truth.

What else?

Also, I'd like to powder my nose with magical powder, and I'm not talking about the drug because I'm not doing that anymore.

Well, you do have those pills, that bottle of pills.

What, these?

Yeah.

What are those for?

No, it's just peanut brittle.

No, it's pills.

It's just peanut brittle.

I think those pills are making you sad.

No, no, no.

It was nice meeting you.

It's wonderful to meet you, Alan.

Todd.

Did you just end the show?

No, no, no.

I was just, I wanted, I'm so, I'm so vague.

I wanted her to say something about me, so I tried to bring, it was nice meeting you because I wanted to hear what you included.

It just seemed like you were trying to end the show.

I know we've been going a little long.

I'm sorry.

I got nowhere to go.

Don't worry.

You take care of yourself now.

Goodbye.

Thank you.

I was excited to have her go, but I forgot that she thought I was Alan.

See you later.

So I wanted her to say things about, like she said about Al, I wanted to hear what she would say about me.

Bye-bye now.

If she was aware of my work, but she's not aware of my work.

So long, Alan.

Well, that is, of course, how we play Would You Rather, and that's, of course, how we play Would You Rather.

Yes.

I hope it wins at the Grammys.

Thank you so much.

Who are you up against on that one?

I'm up against What Am I Thinking?

For favorite feature on my show.

That was a fun thing to do, and we only have one last thing, and that is, of course, called Plugs.

Yay!

Plugs.

What if Liza heard this song and she went back and wanted to do a remix of it, like because she thought it was a hip song, and she didn'tack.

Well, they'd go, No, Liza, that's not like a hip song.

She's like, I heard it the other day.

It's amazing.

I want to get in on this.

Yes, I heard that.
