---
layout: page
title: 144. Harris Wittels,Paul Rust,Michael Cassady,Don't Stop Or We'll Die [11680⧸21028].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Fan favorites Harris Whittles, Paul Rust, and Mike Cassidy, what do you get when you put them together?

It's Don't Stop or We'll Die, Special Edition of Comedy Bang Bang, all of that and more, all on today's… Foxy the Lawyer says, stick a finger in this fine episode of CBB.

Hey there, welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for that catchphrase.

Oh, I forgot to look up who sent that catchphrase in.

I sent it to you, kind of.

Sort of, in a way.

Hey, welcome to the show.

This is, of course, Comedy Bang Bang.

This is the world-famous Scottabot, aka the Choctaw, and we are… It's Saturday morning, we're here, a fine February Saturday morning, and Comedy Bang Bang TV show on its way.

We're a week into shooting, and I only have Saturdays to tape this show, and we're working hard on the show, and I kind of don't have a lot of time to book the show, and so what I thought I'd do today is I'd do what they say in the biz, showbiz, a layup, you know?

Get my friends in here.

So wait, you used this as an opportunity to get the hardest get?

Is that what you're saying, despite all your stress and hard work?

You said you didn't have time.

You went with the number one guy still?

That's commitment, Scott.

So let me explain who's here.

I got my bros, all right?

I got… Paul Aukerman.

Chad Aukerman.

I got half of the Rocky vs. Rambo writing team sitting right here in front of me, aka Hey, Don't Stop or We'll Die.

Every wolf in Hollywood just howled and died.

You know them, you love them, they are, from my left, Paul Rust, Harris Wittles, Mike Cassidy, the band Don't Stop or We'll Die, we're going to be hearing a lot of their music over the course of the hour, we're going to be talking to them the whole hour, who knows, special guests might show up.

Weird.

Not mean?

And I don't mean to imply, of course, you're not special guests, I just mean to say I wanted today's show to be like family.

Yeah.

Yeah, like we're sitting around the table with a big pot of… And fighting over who gets the gravy first.

Can I hold the gravy boat, ma?

Just for a second?

Ma, let me hold the gravy boat, please?

You'll hold the gravy boat when you work a damn day in your life.

I don't want to work at the gravy factory, pa!

When you punch in nine to five every day to hold the gravy boat, then you can hold the gravy boat like your old man.

You wanted it to be like that?

Yeah, exactly.

You got it, baby!

That's our new concept album.

I want it to be like family, like we're at the Olive Garden, we're just sitting here over a big bowl of pasta vajule.

Yay!

Right?

How about it?

They do have a new carbon era.

Not to bring it down to no Bitsville.

Emphasis on the carb.

You said it.

Yeah, and there's Nara.

Harris just… sort of a salute, like sayonara.

Sin translate.

So they do have a carbon era now, I do want to talk about it for the rest of today.

Okay.

If we could.

What do we got?

It's some sort of bacon… Yeah, exactly.

Exactly.

On what type of dish?

On pasta.

Spaghetti.

It's like a spaghetti.

Wait, on spaghetti?

Carbonara?

Yeah, yeah.

Exactly, exactly.

And so you go in there, you can order it.

They give it to you.

Eat it.

Most of the time.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

What?

Are there drink orders happening?

Yeah, but I'm just talking about carbonara right now.

So they give it to you, or what was I saying?

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

They give it to you.

You look at it.

Eat it.

They give you the check.

Right.

You pay.

And also, I forgot to say, if there's any leftover, they will package that for you to take home.

What kind of weird place is this?

The Olive Garden, when you're here with your family.

Great story.

All right.

Well, if you want another hour of that kind of story, just stay riveted to whatever you're listening to this on.

I just don't believe it.

I don't believe that they would let you take home leftovers.

No, I know.

That's what I said when I walked in.

But they really do.

I would imagine that most people are listening to this in the Smithsonian 50 years from now.

With Peter Coyote's voice narrating.

On Archie Bunker's chair.

Yeah.

They let you sit on that, I think, when you listen to the old tapes.

I think all the time.

You guys are a band, of course.

I play you on the program quite often.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

You have two EPs, extended plays out.

What are the names of those?

Bird and the Fox.

Bird and Fox.

The Ballad of Bird and Fox.

And then One of the Gang.

The Ghosts.

Oh yeah, yeah.

One of the Gang.

And those are available on iTunes.

Indeed.

Bofobio?

Bofobio, Through the Roof, A Plus, number one, Hot Dog.

Around the Block, Hot Dogs.

Can I be honest?

Last year alone, we made $12.2.

Split between you all?

Yes.

Wow, nice.

3.3.

3.0.

No.

0.7.

Yeah.

With a thing on it.

Congratulations, guys.

But you're rock stars.

Yeah, it's tough.

Do you get a bump?

Do you get a boost when you're on this program?

Do you see sales just go blink?

We do.

Definitely.

We totally do.

Yes.

Your listeners, then they go around.

They're like, how do we get a taste?

We got a taste.

How do we get the whole pasta vaguel?

I need vaguel.

I need carb sayonara.

I mean, Scott, I don't know if you know this.

Aside from the fact that you can buy a carbonara if you go to an Olive Garden.

Oh, I was wrong.

It's macaroni grill.

I'm glad we got back to this.

Oh, guys.

Now I know.

Harris, this is irresponsible of you.

I know.

People are in their cars.

I know.

They're rushing to Olive Garden.

Screaming and crying.

Turn around.

Turn.

You're going the wrong way.

Right now you can hear 1,000 cars screeching and turning.

Yeah.

At a million.

Only 1,000.

Into one another.

Yeah.

Accident caused on the five freeway today.

That's 4,000 wheels, if you do it the right way.

4,000 wheels got damaged on the freeway today.

Could you guys do a song called 4,000 Wheels?

4,000 wheels, till I get to you, baby.

What's the metaphor?

What's the idea?

What's the 4,000 wheels?

Well, it's all about the 1,000 cars.

Oh, so it's very literal about the four cars, and they're 4,000, 2,500, 600 wheels.

Yes.

So guys, Harris Whittles, of course, you're on the show quite frequently, and we just did Analyze Fish, and that's still available where it's the big chronicle of when we went to fish together.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So go check that out.

I took a lot of drugs.

We both took a lot of drugs.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's a very special episode.

Yeah, it's humiliating.

How has the fish community reacted to you?

Well, everyone actually, a lot of people enjoyed it.

A lot of people also think that we put too much of an emphasis on drugs.

Now, here's what I have to say to that.

Every single person, when we first started doing the show, said, oh man, you can't just sit there listening to the music, you gotta go to a show, you gotta drop a bean and experience it.

Right.

So that's what we did.

Now people are complaining.

Are you trying to imply that people on the whole are assholes?

It is my sincere wish to have you murdered at a fish show, just like Jack Ruby one of us.

Speaking of bands, how has it been being in a band?

Do you guys, what kind of band are you?

Do you chase tail?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's red tails.

We chase red tails in every multiplex across town.

So far, we've done, and we've done pretty well.

We've seen it.

We've caught Cuba.

We saw it once.

No, we're, it's things, life on the road is crazy.

We just like last night, Mike took seven beers.

I did seven beers.

And he saw six boobs.

Always get one more beer than boobs.

That's our rule.

Yeah, that's the rule on the road, man.

One more beer than boobs.

That's the rule of the road.

No, but it was seriously crazy last night.

And Paul smiled seven times.

Did you guys play a show?

Is that what's happening?

This was just the part.

We were on the road, man.

We were touring.

We've been touring.

We toured Europe a lot this past summer.

We toured Copenhagen for seven years.

We just stayed there between the 51 other weeks.

Yeah.

But it wasn't running.

Yeah.

No, we just toured.

We went to different places in Copenhagen.

It was called the Copenhagen World Tour.

We did bed and breakfasts and stuff.

Little kids on the corner.

Yeah.

And you guys are actually, the reason you're here today is you have band practice right after this, and you're playing a wedding?

Is that what I heard?

Yeah.

Sure, friends.

Next week.

The creator of Scud and of Scud the Disposable Assassin comic book and the Sarah Silverman program is getting married to Kate Freund, and we're playing her down the aisle and playing before the wedding.

It's a lot of pressure.

Down the aisle?

Wow.

Yeah.

Because I know you guys have a loosey goosey approach to music where it's like- To life.

Well, life is a lot like music when you think about it.

I totally think- There's a treble clef.

Oh, I thought that before.

There's a bass clef.

Yeah.

There's various notes that play differently, have different tones come out of them.

Yes, of course.

A lot like life.

So what are you going to play when she walks down the aisle?

Here comes the bride?

Is it here- No, it's not.

We're- Look at that butt.

Ooh, ooh.

Look at that butt.

Ow, ow.

Look at that little shaky butt.

Yeah.

And then- We think as long as we say little before it, then it's okay.

Yeah.

And shaky's complimentary to girls, I think.

Yep.

Seriously, though.

What are you playing?

Reckless Eric.

Yeah.

Reckless Eric song.

By request.

Oh, I love that song.

Yeah.

Reckless Eric.

Yep.

And like Pixies as the wedding party enters.

Where is my mind?

So are you playing mainly covers or are you playing your own songs?

And then we're- In this- Like a half hour as people come into the wedding, we're playing our own stuff, but sort of a subdued version.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

Because my worry is that- Like chamber music.

It's their day.

It's not our day.

I don't want to cause too much- It's sort of your day, though.

It's totally our day.

Did I say it wasn't my day?

I'm sorry.

Yeah.

It's totally our day.

Is this the first time you played at a wedding?

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

This band for surely.

Yeah.

Right.

Not the last, though.

If anybody out there is interested.

Have you played at weddings before, though, Mike?

Yeah.

I've played organ, piano, and stuff.

But it's not like this.

Not cool.

I played my organ at my wedding.

Ooh.

You masqueraded at your wedding?

I did.

That's interesting.

You got to get it out there before you walk down the aisle.

That's true.

You got a stain on your pants.

I do.

Dan Harmon.

Here comes the groom.

I'm sorry, guys.

I saw it.

I took it.

Come on, Paul.

I took it.

Come on.

Stop that right now.

Right this instant.

This was supposed to be like a family dinner.

Seriously, though, if there are any fans out there who want you guys to play their wedding after hearing the show, how do they get a hold of you?

Are you managed?

No, actually, we need a manager.

If there's anyone out there that wants to manage us.

Maybe there is.

Hey, way to go.

Harris, look at that.

He's asking for one.

And also, and honestly, you don't even have to be like established or reputable.

You can literally, if you just say you're our manager, the first person to say they're our manager on the message board of Earwolf is officially our manager.

Great.

And you'll get 10%.

And you get 10% of whatever we make.

Both music and non-music related.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

But you have to talk like Murray from Flight of the Conchords.

This is a binding contract.

Yeah.

And do you want this person to get you gigs or what do you want a manager to do?

I'd like somebody who constantly has chocolate on their teeth and spirit around their face.

Yeah.

Someone who's kind of- And wears big shirts that go over their sleeves that are too long and go over the shirt that goes over their top 30s.

And I was going, hey, look at my shirt.

And a hat that's too big and goes over their eyes, something like that.

Just somebody who will represent us with dignity.

Yeah, we're not that specific, but yeah, that exactly.

And how did you guys meet?

Meet who?

The president.

Our manager?

We met Obama.

POTUS.

Which president, Obama?

Yeah, POTUS.

Oh, okay.

Was FLOTUS there?

FLOTUS.

We met- Was president POTUS there?

Yeah.

POTUS Spunk Meier Cookies.

POTUS Spunk Meier Cookies is where we met.

Did you know that's the only sweet food that the president is allowed to eat all in office?

I had no idea.

He can only eat POTUS Spunk Meier Cookies.

No, we met under a, what was it, a freeway?

Under the bridge?

Yeah, it was under the bridge.

We were all there to pay homage to Anthony Kiedis.

Sure.

No, kidding, all kidding aside.

Seriously, let's put kidding aside just for one second.

I know we've had a lot of fun up to this point, right?

So much fun, yes.

We all agree on that, right?

Yeah.

We, we, we, honestly, we met underneath a bridge.

I'm kidding, I'm kidding.

You can't stop.

I know, you can't.

Seriously, Paul.

We met underneath a bridge.

Oh, come on!

Okay, no, but for real, we met underneath a bridge.

Paul!

I'm kidding, we met underneath a bridge.

Stop it!

Stop it, Paul!

No, but for real, for real, this time we met underneath a bridge.

Oh, God.

All right, I'll give you one more chance.

Where'd you meet?

Dammit, we met underneath a bridge.

No, no, no, no, no.

All right, well, we'll never know this story, I guess.

We met under- All right, these guys won't be able to get through it, let me just tell you.

We met under a bridge.

Oh, okay.

Hey, you know what they say, when you meet under bridges, soon you're writing them in your songs.

When you meet under bridges, soon you are Jeff Bridges.

Yeah.

We met.

Well, guys- Oh, God, sorry.

We've heard a lot about your music, we haven't heard your music, you know?

How would you describe your style?

Let's play it and we'll show you, and then you describe it.

Okay, we'll do.

This is Don't Stop or We'll Die, CBB.

Don't stop or we'll die.

Grandpa's reefer can hide deep down in a dusty meadow There's a snake choking up on his sister's reefer They're taking baits and they're talking You know they're talking so good You know they're talking You know they're talking so good They're down in a dusty meadow There's a toke choking up on his grandpa's reefer They're taking baits and they're talking You know they're talking so good You know they're talking You know they're talking so good From the forest till the tree But don't he dare to dream As the snake blow his sister's mum for ever And we're choking You know we're choking so good And while they're choking You know they're talking so good Don't stop or we'll die What's the name of that one boys?

Deep down parentheses in the dusty meadow Deep down in the dusty meadow and that is an exclusive Have you played that on any other program before?

Yes, true, false, no, maybe True, no True, no False Yes And well guys I think it's time to play a little game between the four of us It's time to play a little game that we like to call Tennis Tennis and 40 love I'm Andre Agassi My headband hurts I'm Andre Agassi and my headband hurts And that's how you play tennis Wow, that was fun Alright, let's also play a game called What Am I Thinking No, no No Fuck I'm not playing this Yes you are I'm bad at it They'll play You're playing first We're only as good as our weakest link and it's you I fucking hate this game We're only as good as our best game show, The Weakest Link And it's you Alright, we all know how to play What Am I Thinking That is where we will split up into teams of two Who wants to be on Harris' team?

I'll be on Harris' team Alright, Paul and Harris and Michael and I For anyone listening, if you want to leave and go, I don't know, on vacation for two weeks You can and then come back and we'll still be playing We'll be on the same round of the game So, yeah, just go take a cruise, extend it Hey, take a booze cruise Take a booze cruise Go on the Weezer cruise I don't know if that's still going Or the 311 cruise, Doug Benson will do comedy But we all know how this is played We each think of a word separately We will then count down from three to one And then say the words that we are thinking And then we will try to figure out what word Both of those words have in common until we each say the right word If you haven't heard the show before, you'll pick it up Harris, Paul, who are you playing for?

The kids Paul's playing for the kids, Harris?

Adults Okay, great, well, whoever you are out there in the world You have a dog in this hunt Maybe not the tweens or the teens No tweens, man Sorry, tweens, sorry, teens Get off your cell phones and look up every once in a while The world's a beautiful place Alright, guys, each of you separately think of a word Get it?

Yeah You both got it?

Yeah And you're ready to count down from three to one and then say the word?

What if we get it the first time?

I will personally, and I'm not lying about this I will personally blow both of you Do we get a say in this?

Oh, no Even if you don't get it right So if we win this, we get raped That's the prize we get Can you blow rape someone? I guess you can Blow rape Definitely can Alright, guys, ready to go?

And say it out loud, here we go One No, three, two, one Three, two, one Church Church and boat Church and boat Boy, I would love Sundays if there was church on a boat You know what I mean?

You said it That's the only thing missing from church Well, boating is my church I'm a huge boater Aye, aye, captain Boatering, man Alright, ready?

You're a boatery public Yes Alright, boat and church, do you have your words locked in?

Yes Here we go, and Three, two, one, lighthouse Lighthouse and fish How'd you spell fish?

P-H-I-L-T Okay, ready?

Alright, lighthouse and fish, do you guys have your words locked in?

Lighthouse and fish, what do they have in common?

Pretty...

A lot of...

Commonality there Yeah, yeah Lighthouse and fish Lighthouse and fish Ready, and Three, two, one Come on, Paul Three, two, one, ocean Ocean and crabs Ocean and crabs Can't that just count?

Crabs live in the ocean, we did it Well, that means you're close And Billy Ocean had crabs, so That's true Alright, ocean and crabs, here we go Get your words locked in, ocean and crabs And Three, two, one, water Water and crustaceans Water and crustaceans, here we go Three, two, one, lobster Lobster and fisherman Alright Three...

Okay, three, two, one Red lobster Sailor and red lobster Red lobster and sailor We're circling around it right now Yeah, a lot of maritime, a lot of naval Lobster, what are the words?

Lobster, no, sailor and red lobster Sailor and red lobster Sailor, red lobster, what do they have in common?

Everything They have fucking everything in common, so just To save the human race?

Fucking thing Yeah Just like, community We're there, we did it Sailor and red lobster I'm gonna have to ask you to pick a word And here we go And Three, two, one, fried shrimp Host and fried shrimp Interesting Host Okay Here we go Three, two, one, Billy Crystal Menu and Billy Crystal, we just got so far We just got so far away Well, come on, menu and Billy Crystal, what did he like to eat?

I say that like it's a thing Father's Day, city slickers, he likes to eat And forget Paris because I didn't know I ordered the garden When he got the salad Oh, he said garden?

Yeah Okay, so menu and Billy Crystal Menu and Billy Crystal Three, two, one, garden Oh my god, how did you get it?

Congratulations Thank you, thank you, thank you How many moves was that, is anyone keeping track?

I'd say that's 11 Two, three I know that I'm 69 years old right now That's probably 11 All right, Mike, who are you playing for?

Madam Tuchuku's Palace All right It's a cancer research facility I'm playing I'm playing for Madam the Puppet All right, so here we go And all right, I have a word, do you have a word?

I got a word All right, here we go And three, two, one, fingernail Pancakes and fingernail Ew Yeah, we're gonna gross them out every time, dude That's the goal Sick, man Just think about it, just think about it Pancakes and fingernail Fingernail, okay All right Three, two, one, gloves Gloves and syrup Gloves and syrup Syrup Syrup Gloves and syrup Gloves and syrup All right Three, two, one, kitchen Yeah Yes That's how it's done Well, that's good That's how it's done Gross them out by first round And I, madam Madam and Madam Tuchuku's Palace Madam and Tuchuku's Palace Hey, I'm happy I mean, they're gonna get a lot of cancer research done Yeah Meanwhile, adults and kids Are gonna suffer the world over That's right Congratulations I hope you're happy, world You should have chosen a cause that affected fewer people Knowing that you were going in with I was really confident I thought that adults were gonna really Adults are gonna keep having to pay taxes Kids are gonna keep having to eat broccoli Yep, we all pay our tax, don't we, kids?

We all pay our taxes Our broccoli tax Yeah, broccoli tax All right, guys, that's of course how we play What Am I Thinking Paul's doing a great dance Guys, are you ready to play another song?

Whoa, yeah Oh, sure What song are we gonna hear from Don't Stop or We'll Die?

This is a slowed down version of a song we do called Once in a While This is off your ghost EP, right?

It's got a ghost on the cover of it Ghost Smoking And it's about the movie Ghost It was inspired by Of course I like all of our albums Which part?

David Zucker The Whoopi Goldberg parts or the other parts?

It's the part I split that movie into two parts You watch it in two Yeah You cut the film up and re-edit it into two Yeah, much like the Godfather Coppola's Complete Godfather saga So you just watched the Yeah It's its own story though, you can call it Alright, this is Ghost Smoking from Don't Stop or We'll Die Take me out once in a while I wanna see that New York skyline I'm sick of riding up here in this penthouse with you So take me out once in a while I wanna see that New York skyline I'm sick of riding up here in this penthouse with you So take me out once in a while I wanna see that New York skyline I'm sick of riding up here in this penthouse with you So take me out once in a while I wanna see that New York skyline I'm sick of riding up here in this penthouse with you So take me out once in a while I wanna see that New York skyline I'm sick of riding up here in this penthouse with you So take me out once in a while I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline I wanna see that New York skyline Electric Roller Skates Gonna make a million on my electric roller skates Gonna make a million on my electric roller skates Said I wouldn't do it, said I shouldn't do it, oh no Said I wouldn't do it, said I couldn't do it, said I shouldn't do it, oh no Gonna make a million on my electric roller skates Gonna make a million on my electric roller skates Said I wouldn't do it, said I couldn't do it, oh no Said I wouldn't do it, said I couldn't do it, said I shouldn't do it, oh no Cause I'm gonna make a million on my electric roller skates Gonna make a million on my electric roller skates Gonna make a million for your surgery, Priscilla For surgery where they take out all your bones Oh, we can take out all your bones, Mrs. Priscilla But I'm afraid it's gonna cost ya one million dollars Said I wouldn't do it, said I couldn't do it, I know Said I wouldn't do it, said I couldn't do it, I said I shouldn't do it, I know Cause I'm gonna make a million on my electric roller skates Gonna make a million on my electric roller skates Yeah, electric roller skates, that was Don't Stop or We'll Die, that's a good one, I like that one.

Thanks, Scotty.

That a new one?

Thanks, Scotty.

It's relatively new, it's not on any of our EPs.

Not yet recorded.

Exclusive!

As long as we're thinking about it, we should announce we have a Largo show.

That's truth.

Hey, we're not doing plugs.

Oh, never mind.

Motherfucker.

Hey!

Trying to sneak a plug in here or something?

I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, Scot.

Oh my god.

March 9th at Largo.

Alright, you got me.

You made me smile, at least.

Just paying you back for all the smiles you gave us over the years, Scot.

If Dad smiles, you know he's not that mad.

I appreciate that.

Alright guys, it's time to play a little something we call Would You Rather.

Yay!

Alright!

I like this game.

You can't lose.

Like Parker.

Yeah.

You can lose.

Yeah.

It's like Parker.

You can't lose.

Like he found out on that show.

Alright, it's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

People submit Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR.

I read them on the show, I'll read them out loud.

And open up the floor for questions.

You can ask me any question about either of the scenarios that you like.

And at the end, I will close the floor for questions.

I will get your answers and then assign a winner.

Alright, are we ready?

Mm-hmm.

Here we go.

Lucifer Vandross.

I think he's submitted once before.

I remember that name.

AKA Jumbo Shrump asks, Would you rather clone yourself every time you fart, or have to restart your life under an assumed name every time you see a celebrity in person?

Okay.

Clone yourself every time you fart, or have to restart your life under an assumed name every time you see a celebrity in person.

I have my own name.

And don't vote yet, please.

I am opening the floor for questions.

So then your cloned self, if you fart and every time you fart, you clone yourself.

Mm-hmm.

Each clone, that's true for them as well.

And you just kind of eventually become everyone, right?

Then that clone, if they fart, then they clone.

I mean, I can't predict the future, Mike.

But is it like buds off?

Yes, all those clones, whenever they fart, they have to clone themselves as well.

Oh, so it's like a gremlin, but instead of water, it's farting.

Yeah.

Now, you're not saying...

And instead of after midnight, it's after you eat beans.

So you mean after midnight.

Is that the musical fruit?

I believe so.

Something else.

My question is this.

It's phrased in such a way...

You don't...

Anytime you fart, you shit, Paul?

Yeah, that's why I'd want to clone.

For clean up.

Yes, Mike.

I need to know if...

Do you have to make the clone yourself?

Because you're saying every time you fart, you have to make a clone of yourself.

Yeah, yeah.

I don't know how to do that.

What does that mean when you fart?

Well, you're going to have to learn, Harris.

I know, but then what happens if I don't?

Well, then...

If I don't make a...

Under penalty of death.

Okay, so that's what I'm asking.

You don't just...

Automatically, a clone doesn't just appear of yourself.

I thought that's what it was.

That's what I thought.

The fart comes out of your butt.

Can you read the question again?

Your clone comes out of your butt.

It says you clone yourself every time you fart.

So you have to clone yourself.

You actually have to do it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You have to go to college and science.

No, I mean, this starts when you're a baby.

Okay.

So you have to get some knowledge in that baby head of yours really quick.

I mean, I guess if it starts from when you're first born, I'd probably only have like two clones then up until this point.

You've only farted twice, Paul.

I've only beefed two times.

Where does all the gas come out?

My mouth.

Oh, oops.

Oh, and the hole...

You know that hole that's at the end of your dick?

The dick hole.

Is that what it's called?

It's what I call it.

Eerie trust?

The laymen call it the dick hole.

That's where it comes out instead of cum.

It's just a hot, stinky brown gas smoke, steam.

I have noticed coming into a room where you're sitting by yourself and there's just like a hanging cloud of brown gas.

No, that's a ghost.

Oh, yeah.

My fault, my fault.

It's a wisp, not a whiff.

Yeah, not a puff.

The ladies must really appreciate that because who wants sticky cum all over them?

When you can have brown, toxic gas.

Smelly gas.

Swirling around your face.

All right, other questions based on either of these scenarios?

When is Jurassic Park 4 coming out?

We'll never find that out.

Can you say the second one again?

Yes, you have to restart your life under an assumed name every time you see a celebrity in person.

Like, every time you lay eyes on a celebrity in person and your life is over.

Yeah.

So, do you start in the same place?

Like, are we always in Los Angeles?

Because that's going to happen constantly.

Or, when you restart under assumed name, you go to like Washington or something.

No, no, you always start in the green room of The Tonight Show.

Oh, fuck.

You'll live in that room forever.

So, you mean like, boom, I see Diane Cannon, I got to change.

Sure.

Then boom.

Which Tonight Show, though?

Warren Beatty.

Who's Tonight Show?

Yeah.

It's just the cast for Heaven Can Wait.

The real Tonight Show, Harris.

Steve Allen.

Lino.

Oh.

He finally took back over from the usurper to the throne.

Lino me when I got chin cuz my name is Jay, let's read some headlines.

I like that.

Bow, bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow Kevin Eubanks bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow Н bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow wow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow Branford, Los Alas, the Begay, some Tims, to Devon, and there's Lino, when I'm J. Lino, Lino.

Great song.

Would you rather need more songs to break out in the middle of it?

Yeah.

I've always said that.

Any other questions about this scenario?

So in one, you fart every time, and you have to go and learn how to make clones and do it every single time, or never fart.

How long does it take to make a clone?

Never farting is an option.

How long does it take to make a clone?

Yeah.

Come on, man.

What?

How long?

Three hours, 35 minutes.

Just fire up JFK.

That's such a time suck.

Start your clone making.

By the time Kevin Costner's given his clone.

You find out about that magic bullet.

You got your magic clone.

And in the other one, you live in the green room at the Tonight Show, living short one or two minute life.

And you got to change your name.

Yeah.

That's where that expression came.

You can get your clone after three and a half hours of Oliver Stone.

Yes, of course.

Oh, interesting.

I don't.

It's funny when those couplets just exist, and you know.

Yeah, you never know.

It's like an old playground rhyme.

That was actually my big sister's first words was that phrase.

Wow, how did you know?

Did she not talk for a really long time?

My parents tattooed both of our first words on us.

After you did them or to inspire you to say those things?

Where on her and where on you?

Hers were on, I guess, where her butthole is.

You mean the butthole?

Your older sister's butthole is what you mean.

In a circle around it?

We'll imagine your older sister naked right now.

Yeah, sure.

And we'll just turn her body towards us so we see her backside.

Yes.

Looking at your sister's naked butt right now.

Absolutely.

Great.

Just trying to paint a picture for you of where this tattoo is that says, every three and a half hours.

If you want to clone, watch three and a half hours.

Of Oliver Stone.

It says it.

Where's yours?

Just in a little circle around her sphincter.

Oh, it's like twisting into it.

It's like the Red Hot Chili Peppers logo.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, wow.

Do you think Flea has the Red Hot Chili Peppers logo tattooed around his butthole?

And all of their lyrics.

I'm trying to think when I saw it.

You mean skibby gagagoo?

Skibba gagoo.

Skibba gaga boo boo California.

All right, do we have any other questions?

Or is that it?

I think I covered it with that, with the Anthony Keaton thing.

Closing the floor.

Paul, how do you like to vote?

You want to know now?

Yes, sir.

Number one.

Number one, meaning PQ?

Oh, clone.

Yes.

And why would you like to clone yourself every time you fart?

More Paul to go around.

I like that scenario.

Harris, how do you like to vote?

I'll go with the starting my life over every time I see a celebrity.

And why is that?

I'm a total like.

Fame whore.

I love Us Weekly.

I'm a total rag hag.

Harris, good luck on the set of Parks and Rec.

I mean, you see stars every day, every quarter you turn.

I am addicted to E News Daily.

Oh, forget about it.

Seriously.

I love the Jules era.

Probably the best.

Yeah.

Yeah, you showed Jules videos?

I hate that we lost her to Steven.

Spielberg.

Tyler.

Yeah, I'm glad he waited to say that, so he's out of the room.

Oh, you saw him?

Well, I saw him leave.

How did you recognize him?

From this Kansas City hat?

He and Mark Hamill were getting into identical cars outside when we were like, I peed outside onto the curb when I left.

You didn't pee in that big bowl of pasta that was out there, right?

Yeah, and it had little.

It was sitting on the curb in the sun.

Looks like it used to be cubes, but it was slightly melted.

Oh, no.

The pasta's ruined.

Oh, it's a ruin, eh?

That is my recipe from a Spielberg, eh?

I come to this country with only a recipe from Spielberg and a dream in my heart.

Mike, how do you like to vote?

I got to do that first one, I think, the cloning one.

You got to, bro.

Yeah, you got to, because I can't live in that green room, and I'll tell you what, I'd rather be a genius, and I'd rather not have clone shit.

I'd rather have it all than have nothing at all.

Word.

All right.

Sorry, Harris.

Let me tally up the points.

You're never going to hear Kevin Eubanks' sweet, sweet green laugh.

With extra points for poignancy, Mike Cassidy, you are the winner of that round.

Congratulations.

Ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch.

Two goji fruits.

I needed two goji fruits.

Goji.

Can we win some goji fruits, Scott?

In the next round, Scott, can we win goji?

Please, God, be kind to us.

We need two gojis.

Unfortunately, that is it.

Those are our rounds.

There is no other round.

We're out of time, guys.

Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.

Oh, sorry.

Papa is going to go so mad at us.

And then he wanted my goji so mad.

God, that is how we play Would You Rather.

Er.

Paul's dancing again.

All right, guys.

Well, that was a great, that was a fun time.

Are you guys high?

When you guys did that cast, were y'all high?

How many Doobers did you smoke?

How many Danny McDewbersteins did you guys truly bar mitzvah?

All right, guys, there's only one last thing.

And Paul, you're going to love this section.

It's a little something called Plugs.

Bum, bum, bum.

Been waiting.

Toyly, toyly, toyly.

Brang, brang.

What, what, what, what?

Toyly, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Ha, ha, ha, ha, honey.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Bum bum, bum, bum.

Whoa.

Say that right into the mic, by the way.

With a.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Toyly, toyly, toyly, toyly.

Paris, we should say we should just paint the pencil that it is, so I don't know if it's definitely schedule B.

Did you get that last email from Flynn again?

Hey! What? What? How's your friend?

Oh, he's- He's doing okay?

He's bad.

His friend's Michael Jackson.

Oh.

And he's dead.

That, of course, was our plugs theme. That was by Michael Kraft.

That is What's Up Hot Dog Mem-Or-E-All plugs segment of the podcast show theme.

Thank you so much, Michael.

I think I've dug it. It's good.

If you have a plugs theme, go on to earwolf.com under our message boards, under the Comedy Bang Bang message boards, to the appropriate thread and post it there and we can play it on this show.

Guys, what do you have individually? What do you have collectively? Let me know your plugs!

I think Don't Stop or We'll Die. This is what we were discussing. It's penciled in. I believe it's probably happening.

I think, yeah, I don't know if it's definite.

Check the website a couple weeks before.

Check on the Largo site.

We're going to be playing Largo on Friday.

In Los Angeles, California.

Yes, on La Cienega.

Friday what?

March 9th.

L.A.! Friday, March 9th.

Okay.

Like 8, 8.30. It'll be us. We'll play a big show, probably like an hour worth of material, and then we're having a very special guest. We'll be doing stand-up.

Can you announce the special guest?

We can, because he's not booked yet.

Is it Mencia?

Thank you Mencia for coming to L.A.

We're going to need more lawyers.

Okay, so that's a collective plug.

Yeah, and then individually, I'd like to say to watch Eastbound and Down on February 19th, season 3.

I'd always like to say watch Parks and Rec whenever it is on.

So this, what is that, this Friday is Eastbound and Down?

Yes.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah. Friday, it premieres on Friday?

Is it Friday or is it Saturday? Wait, the 19th?

Whatever the 19th is.

Well, this is the 13th?

It's got to be Sunday.

No, the 19th is...

Is it the 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th?

I think it is a Sunday.

Oh, okay, maybe it's a Sunday.

Yeah, they wouldn't.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry, Sunday.

I don't think they're burning off Eastbound episodes.

The Friday used to be a great day!

Was it? When was Friday good?

Oh, TGIF.

People used to say...

TGIF, man!

God, it's Friday.

It was good for TV, it was.

Yeah.

Mike, what do you have?

I'll be appearing, Madam Tuchuku's Palace is having a fundraiser.

Oh, they still need more money?

Yeah.

We didn't do it?

There's always more cancer, Scott, so I'll be doing some juggling there.

Juggling in light bass playing.

Juggling work versus your relationship.

Yeah, I'll be on stage with my girlfriend.

Having arguments.

Having arguments and trying to get phone calls and emails finished.

Yeah.

Just saying, Beth, I hear you calling, but I can't come home right now.

Yeah.

Me and the boys are playing.

Yeah.

We're still trying to find the sound.

Yeah.

Just a few more hours and I'll be back home to you.

Yeah, so, and then people pay $700 a ticket to be there?

It's $700 for children, $10,000 for adults.

Okay.

I'm gonna get on my knees and do a little door faction, I think.

Let's get on each other's shoulders and get a little bit of that.

Wait, we'd have to pay more.

Then we'll be one big adult.

Oh, okay, only 5K a piece?

We encourage that plan.

Hopefully they got enough money to pay for it after paying for those taxes and those kids have enough money after buying all that broccoli.

Can I just say that taxes...

You know, we all pay taxes, don't we, kids?

Can I say that I think taxes are a pain, but I think that they're necessary...

Oh, yes.

...for society.

Yes, yes, I've been saying this for years.

It is a compact that you make with the government to make sure those streets...

Yeah.

...are paved...

Exactly.

...to make sure those...

Your kids are in school.

Yes.

If you don't pay for it in taxes, you pay for it in other ways.

Exactly.

You pay for it in crime and bumpy drives.

Shortcomings.

But you know what?

Whenever I hear people say they don't like taxes, I say, okay, then don't like paved roads.

Don't like interstates.

Don't like hospitals, my man.

Don't like smart kids.

If you get sick, get the fuck out of the hospital, my dude.

The one thing I would say is I'd pay a little more taxes to get that pothole on La Cienega fix, you know what I'm saying?

Oh, yeah.

Especially before our Largo show.

Yeah.

Paul, anything individually to plug?

Maybe not into...

Well, I realized we're all in a sketch group.

Is this true?

A Kiss from Daddy?

A Kiss from Daddy.

We have a show at UCB.

The first Wednesday of the month.

That's right.

The birthday boys.

We're paired with the birthday boys.

And Mike's in that group, and sometimes Harris is in that group.

Oh, also Rocky versus Rambo.

I haven't talked about it on this show before.

I just posted it on my Tumblr.

But if you want to read the entire script to Rocky versus Rambo, which the four of us wrote along with Neil Campbell from Mike Detective and Coolop the Lysok from Who Charged.

What we did was we watched all the Rambo movies, all four in one day.

And then we thought it would be so awesome if Rocky fought Rambo.

And so we wrote a one-page outline of it, split it up, didn't look at each other's work, and then combined all the pages into one script.

Masterpiece, yeah.

It's a masterpiece.

And you can find it on my Tumblr, which is just scottawkermantumblr.com or something like that.

And the entire script is posted.

You can laugh.

You can weep.

You can read it for free.

For free.

So go check that out.

And you can shoot it if you want.

Yeah.

You don't even have to tell us.

Just shoot it.

Don't tell us.

You can shoot us, too.

I'd like to actually put that out there.

If we were at a fish show, if Harris is at a fish show specifically, you can shoot him.

Feel free to shoot me.

Can I be honest?

I hope that some sketch troupe in college that's in college right now, please shoot some of this.

Please go over all of it.

And send it to us when it's done.

Put it online.

I am extending that offer.

We'll give you jobs no matter how good or bad it is.

You will be a writer on season four of Eastbound if you shoot even one page, one minute of Rocky vs. Rambo.

Regardless of quality.

Guaranteed.

Don't have to talk to any of the guys at HBO about this.

Do you need to call McBride about this?

Not at all.

He gets it.

He gave you a pass on that?

He gets it.

One stipulation you need to have is Stallone.

You need to have the real Sylvester Stallone.

At least in the background.

Stallone gets you Eastbound.

No Stallone.

Just a dude that you know gets you Parks.

You will become, and you will not even enter as a staff writer.

You will go straight to producer.

Supervising.

Okay, okay.

That's very, yeah.

But you're in a three-year deal.

It is three years.

Wait.

What if you want to get out after two years because you got great opportunities, man?

From Rocky Rambo.

Then you can't.

That's the other side of it.

You can't get out.

If you get Stallone, you don't have to worry about it.

You're stuck at Parks for three years if you do make a minute of this.

Okay.

What else do I want to plug?

Comedy Bang Bang t-shirts.

Oh, we'll be at South by Southwest coming up.

Awesome.

I have a couple of shows.

I can't say exactly what they are at this point, but two South by Southwest shows I think.

One is official South by, you need a badge, and another one is just to get in.

Anyone in Austin can get in.

We're going to be, I can't talk about it at this point, but it's going to be really cool.

Anything else, guys, or are we going to close up the old mailbag?

Let's close the mailbag.

Cinch it up.

And open the female bag, aka a pussy.

Oh, Jesus.

That white floppy loose bag.

Full of letters.

And when you say that, it means when you play your music, because you're going to play another song for us, women everywhere will be opening their pussy.

Yes.

Certainly after that remark.

It will be very, yes, let's hear what these men have to say.

I guarantee no girl listening scowled when that happened.

Guys, thank you.

I'm single.

Thank you so much for being here.

Don't stop or we'll die.

What are you going to play for us to close up the old mailbag?

This is a serious song.

It's called Austin Powers.

See you next week.

Bye.

Bye-bye.

Who do you think you are?

Austin Powers.

Who do you think you are?

Ace Ventura.

Who do you think you are?

Austin Powers.

Who do you think you are?

Ace Ventura.

What do you think you're doing?

What do you think you're doing to me?

Austin Powers you ain't nothin but five years old Ace Venture You ain't nothin but 10 years old Ace Venture You ain't nothing but ten years old Austin Powers You ain't nothing but five years old Ace Venture You ain't nothing but ten years old Austin Powers You ain't nothing but five years old ACE VENTURE YOU AIN'T NOTHING BUT TEN YEARS OLD What do you think you're doing?

What do you think you're doing?

This has been an Earwulf Media Production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwulf.com.
