One of the most influential comedy directors of all time is here.

You don't believe me?

We'll just wait until you hear what we have to say to him.

David Wayne is here.

Oh, that is very exciting from Wanderlust coming up.

Also, one of the most influential actors of all time from the Buddy Holly story will be here.

A little later, all of that and more, all on today's!

♪♪ Is Heaven missing an angel?

Because I just met this guy.

He says he's an angel and he can't remember the way back to Heaven.

Hello everyone, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much for that.

Catchphrase, Ben Naylor.

If you have a catchphrase, go to earwolf.com and the Mrs.

Warren, blah, blah, blah.

Hey everyone, it's Comedy Bang Bang, another edition.

We, it is of course, for those of you following the show, no, I'm working very hard on the TV show.

Up every morning at 5 a.m. till super late.

And Saturdays are my only day to do it and we're recording this mere hours before it comes out.

This is going to be hot off the presses.

Anything can happen on this one, as far as I'm concerned.

And it usually does.

It's Saturday, like I said, I of course am a hot assessment .

And Comedy Bang Bang and sitting to my left, well first of all, let me just introduce you and then we'll talk about the situation that we have going on here.

But sitting to my left, you remember him from the state.

You remember him from Stella, if you've seen both of those shows.

If not, you remember him as the director of such influential movies as Wet Hot American Summer, the 10, also role models.

He has a new movie coming out called Wanderlust coming out this Friday.

Please welcome David Wayne.

You might also remember me from two other episodes of Comedy Bang Bang.

That's right.

Comedy Bang Bang.

Our first third-time guest.

Yeah.

That by the way was a keyboard which is right in front of you.

I don't think I'm the first third-time guest.

By far.

By far either.

I just, I thought I wanted to make you feel good.

I feel great about it anyway.

Now I tell you, I feel like I am looking at Thomas, Bruce and Damien because I have three generations of Wayne sitting here in the same room.

That's for all the Batman fans.

Sure, sure.

We have David.

We have your son Henry.

Yes.

Is here.

And we have your father, Mr. Wayne, is here.

Welcome you.

And feel free at any point to speak directly into the cyl indrical object in front of you.

They don't call me Mr. They call me Norm.

Oh, hello Norm.

That's quite a pleasure to talk to you guys.

And they came along with you.

They're visiting.

Well you know my father is a radio veteran.

Really?

He was a DJ for more years than you've been alive probably.

You don't say.

I don't know.

Can you tell us a little bit about that?

Well, I don't know that how interesting it is but I saw it.

I'll be the judge of that.

Okay.

I was a jury and executioner.

I started out as a DJ and I just didn't want to go straight and have a job so I did the spun records.

And I had jobs in all the big towns Norfolk, Virginia, Hav ot of Grace, Maryland, New Britain, Connecticut.

All the big markets.

And I did some DJing for the Far East Network in Japan.

And then I came back to America, worked in New York for a while and then finally went to Cleveland, Ohio.

Which is where I grew up.

And then I decided to get out of DJing and moved up the ladder into sales and program directing and finally put together other people's money and bought some radio stations.

So you own radio stations?

Oh yeah.

I would not have to get out anymore.

Oh, not anymore.

Now they're sold.

Now he's...

Oh, he left that out.

Now he's in semi-retirement.

I'm in...

Well, that's fantastic.

Did you get your...

David, did you get your love of performing from listening to your fathers?

And you have a great radio voice, by the way.

Thank you.

It's not what it was.

Still, you have so much character in your voice.

I did get my love of performing from that.

And now he still performs.

He plays the tuba in a band.

Oh, what band?

Yeah.

The Palm Beach Gardens Concert Band.

I think they're doing something at Largo next week.

Well, that's fantastic.

What is your impression norm, if I may, of your son's career?

I think it's fabulous.

And actually, I'm responsible for it, to be honest with you .

Here's what happened.

Okay.

So in the radio business, we used to do a lot of trading.

And the guy who ran our St. Louis radio station traded for a new device called a video camera that nobody had ever...

I had no idea what it was.

And David was about 10 years old, and we got it home.

And I said, David, take this big box down the basement and open it up and tell me what it's all about.

Well, I never saw it again, because he opened it up and started making little videos.

And that was the beginning of his career.

And he and Stuart Blumberg and Craig Wedron, the three of them used to...

Other kids were out playing baseball.

They were making videos.

Right.

Should we wrap it up?

What do you think about his comedy at all?

Is it a surprise to you?

No, it's not a surprise, because ever since...

He was born into a family with...

He was born into a family with three older sisters.

His youngest sister was nine at the time.

So he had his sisters 9, 11, and 13.

And they were a built-in audience.

Anything he did, they thought was funny.

I mean, he'd open his mouth and they'd laugh.

It didn't matter what it was.

So he was the comedy relief for the family night after night after night.

He just had an audience all the time.

And he was very funny in those days.

He's still funny today.

Still funny.

Oh yeah.

We still find him very funny.

Well, that's great.

It's a pleasure to have you here.

And Henry, if you ever have anything you want to chime in with on the show, please feel free.

He's just kind of fascinated by the mic right now.

I would say that's not at the proper height.

You're a radio veteran, Norm.

Would you say that's the proper mic height?

No, he's got the wrong height.

I'm adjusting it for you now, Henry.

He's a little shy, but I have a feeling he'll perk up at some point.

Fantastic.

Well, David, oh, by the way, we also have Dustin, engineer Dustin.

Your father is here.

Yes.

Mr. Marshall is here.

And so it's a family affair.

It's sliced down once cautioned America.

Where's sliced down when you need him?

Seriously, where is he though?

That is a great question.

It's sliced down all over again here in this room.

So David, let me just kind of encapsulate your feature film directing career for people who are listening.

You start out, you're like, hey, I want to direct a movie.

Boom, wet hot American summer.

That was just like that.

And then you're like, OK, well, what about another one?

So you go, hey, how about this thing called the 10?

Cut two.

I need another movie.

I need something else to come out.

It was all that simple, yeah.

So role models.

And now, all of a sudden, you're here in the middle of 2012 and you're like, I got this other movie coming out.

Yep.

Called Wanderlust, you're like, hey, action, cut, check the gate.

And then here you go.

This thing's now opening on Friday and Friday or Saturday of this weekend is a great time for people to get all, everybody they know together and go see it.

What about Sunday, though, David?

Sunday's fine.

Sunday's great too.

Sunday's OK, but by then the grosses are in, the fate of the movie is decided.

No, Sunday's OK too.

And frankly, who cares about the Oscars?

Don't watch them.

Go out to the movies.

Oh, it is Oscar Weekend.

Ah, yeah.

What a great time to see a movie.

Interest is at an all-time high.

People are thinking about movies.

People have a love affair with the cinema that will continue on into this weekend.

God willing.

So Wanderlust is, first of all, let me just say, if you are a comedy fan, which I would think of you listening to this program you are.

You really probably are.

What excuse do you have to not go see this movie this weekend?

Do not avoid this movie this weekend.

We've been waiting for you to direct another movie.

It's been a while since the good comedies come out, actually.

Really?

What was the last good comedy, would you say?

Tootsie.

I think that's about fair.

I mean, he dressed as a woman.

Yeah.

Well, then of course there was Mrs. Doubtfire.

Was it a comedy?

And then there was some like it hot, and then now this.

So I think those are the...

That was the order, yes.

That was chronological order right there.

I have to tell you, this movie is absolutely hilarious.

You've seen it.

Oh yeah, we were at the premiere.

And I got to tell you, the audience just collapsed.

They left after every line.

And I think the movie can be enjoyed on a lot of different levels because there's a serious story behind it.

And yet there's some silliness and there's fun and there's very, very sophisticated comedy.

Well we want to get to that serious story because that's what this show is all about, just kind of figuring out the pain.

The serious story, yeah.

Yeah, the pain behind the clown.

You know what I mean?

So David, what is your pain?

You know comedy is pain.

Behind every joke is a truth of deep, deep, shattering piercing pain.

I get that.

So that's...

Does that answer your question?

I think it does.

Tell us a little bit about the film.

What...

The movie is Wanderlust.

Okay.

The two main stars of it are Paul Rudd, veteran of this podcast.

Yes, he's been on the show.

He'll...

I can't say that.

Okay, go on.

Jennifer Aniston.

Jennifer Aniston, another veteran of the show.

Another veteran of this show.

She's on all the time.

And then we have an ensemble cast that matches no other featuring names like...

The French Art of Ensemble, you say.

Yes.

Ensemble with people like Alan Alda, Malen Ackerman, Jordan Peele, Joe L'Trulio, Carrie Kenney, Linda Laven, Ken Marino, Michaela Watkins.

A cavalcade of comedy superstars and other words.

A cavalcade of Catherine Hahn.

I mean it goes on and on and on.

This is a movie.

Now I'm just hearing myself talking about it.

Stop that.

This is a movie.

I've got to see this.

Wait, you haven't seen the film yet?

Coincidentally, no I have not.

But what can you tell us I know the plot was kept under tight wraps?

Yeah, very tight.

You're like a J.J. Abrams type director.

Now I'm here to reveal the plot for the first time anywhere .

Okay, wow, an exclusive.

This is an exclusive comedy bang bang reveal of the plot of Wanderlust opening Friday.

It is about a couple from Manhattan, not unlike myself and my wife, who live in an apartment that's too small that they pay too much for.

And everything that bottom drops out, it's a bad economy, they lose everything.

They head down to visit the brother in Atlanta, but on the way they stumble into a bed and breakfast, which turns out to be a commune.

And they have such a great night at this commune.

And the brother and the wife turned out to be such an unpleasant environment to be in that they decide what the hell we're going to move into the commune.

And then antics ensue.

From that point forward antics ensue.

Yes, before there are no antics.

Just a drama.

Just a straight telling of the story.

And then at that point antics begin and they never end and you're going to have trouble catching your breath.

And when the credits are rolling, you will then catch your breath.

From what I've heard people are falling down at every line they're laughing.

And that it's based on something serious.

But that's the word.

There's a lot of really sophisticated comedy in there.

That's kind of the word on the street.

But also the music is great.

The photography is beautiful.

Really.

The DP, to let everyone in the room know what a DP is, it's director of photography.

That's kind of an inside film term.

Thank you for throwing the inside term.

It makes me feel comfortable.

It puts me in a comfort zone.

Great.

The director of photography named Michael Bovalain, which is French for bad villain.

Wow.

For good villain.

How did you get hooked up with this character?

Don't get me started.

You know what though?

I'm afraid I'm going to have to get started.

Yeah I did.

I don't know.

It got his resume.

Wow.

That story did not live up to the hype.

It's quite a story.

I could tell it again.

You'd like.

Okay, I would.

All right, well, got his resume.

Oh boy, second time, not good either.

And then we shot this thing down in the mountains of Georgia and also in Manhattan.

I'm going to stop you right here, David.

It sounds to me like you're basing this upon actual events in real life.

Because as far as I'm concerned, there is a bad economy here in the United States of America.

This is based on like a real thing from what I'm- It's a reflection of society today.

Have you ever thought of buying the world's largest mirror?

Okay.

And just holding it up to everyone in the United States of America.

If I ever can recoup the money I spent buying the world a Coke.

That's tough.

Yeah.

That was- But yes.

What I do, this is what I do.

I do nothing more or less than look out at what I see out the window.

And then I have a little prism where I just skew it just enough so that it's funny.

You know what I mean?

Because if you were just to hold up the prism- Look, anyone can look out the window.

Yeah.

But I put up my prism, which is just skewed, just a couple of degrees.

But that lets the people in to see how all of the problems and events and foibles this world looked at through the prism of my comedy is funny.

How many degrees do you think is funny by the way?

Okay.

How far do you have to skew that?

Well, I know there's 360.

Every comedy director has a different number of degrees that say Jacques T.

4 degrees.

Mm-hmm.

Chaplin.

5 degrees.

Larry Charles, director of Bora.

You mentioned Larry C.

Seriously.

Two degrees.

Okay.

I do three degrees.

You do three?

Yes.

Wow.

So really something.

Does anyone get over five or is that dangerous?

That is an area that has yet to be explored.

And I'm talking to some financiers for the next film to see if we might go five.

Wow.

But that's, you know, that gets a little- That's tough to do because anywhere past five from what I know, you just don't recognize the world anymore.

Well, also there's a risk of breaking the time space continuum and then things fold in on themselves and it can get risky.

Yeah.

But if you handle it right and, you know, that's why I'm talking to some people who are doing experiments in cold fusion.

It takes great skill and just a deftness of touch.

Yes.

Which you have, my man.

Listen, my man.

I mean, come on, lay it down, my man.

Hey, you got a song for us?

Okay, here we go.

Two new teardrops for one heart.

Oh, yeah.

Ninety six tears, baby.

I love that.

That's called ninety six tears.

Wow.

It's an old day.

That's more tears than I've heard in a song in recent memory.

Anyway.

A lot of tears.

Yeah, we're having a good time here at the comedy bank bank .

What's next?

You don't want to talk about the movie anymore?

No, I do.

I love talking about it.

It's, you know, it's, it's, it's really good.

All right.

Well, let's not talk about the movie anymore.

You're obviously bored with the subject.

You know, if you're, if you're hearing this podcast on Monday, there was a big article about me in the New York Times on Sunday.

What?

Yeah.

What's it all about?

It's about how great this movie is and how great I am.

Is it a sort of a profile piece?

A profile.

I take a picture of me next to a palm tree implying that I live in Los Angeles, which I don't know.

Which, you know what?

The reason I know that you don't live in Los Angeles and I want to talk to you about this.

Okay.

I was looking up your Wikipedia.

Wikipedia.

Sure.

Is that how it's pronounced?

I don't know.

That's, by the way, all the research for this film about communes was done on Wikipedia.

Really?

Yeah.

So I'm looking at your Wikipedia page.

I would say under the, the heading of career.

Okay.

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven paragraphs.

Okay.

But, you know, this is a crowd sourced.

Sure.

Okay.

But anyway.

So you have seven paragraphs here under career.

Okay.

You have a filmography that tells you the exact date when your movies have been released.

Right.

Okay.

Now, I want to draw your attention to write under career, personal life.

Okay.

Can I just read you personal life?

Oh, God.

Wayne lives in New York City with his wife, Zandy.

They have two sons.

It's true.

And that's it.

Well, what do you want to do?

Get into my personal life?

Yeah.

I mean, if, if, if you can release the exact date that your movies have been released, why not your address?

Why not?

You know, I mean, why is Wikipedia so?

I guess that's fair.

55 East 10th Street, apartment number 603.

Okay.

Great.

My phone number is 646-286-4829.

Okay.

And people can call you or people can't call you.

Call me.

What would you prefer?

Please call anytime, day or night.

And let's talk.

You know, if you're a fan of David.

Yeah.

And by the way, we don't leave our door locked.

So you can just come on up to 603 and just, you know, just come in.

Planning on taking a vacation anytime soon if they wanted to come in.

I'm in, I'm in LA right now.

Yeah.

If you want to go there, there's a laptop on the, on the front table and you can just use it to surf the net or whatever.

And then when I'm home, I'll come, I'll be there and I'll, I'll say hello.

So just leave it where you found it, I would imagine.

I would appreciate it.

It's the honor system.

Hi, Henry.

What's going on?

Oh, hey, Henry.

You have something to say?

What's on your mind, Henry?

What, what are we going to say?

He's now rubbing his nose against the mic and laughing directly to it.

Where are you?

You think it's funny?

Yeah, he's nodding his head.

Do you think the idea of coming over to Daddy's house to use his computer?

A stranger doing that is a funny idea?

Henry, do you like to use Daddy's computer or his iPad?

iPad.

Ah, he's a modern kid.

I tell you, these kids, when I was growing up, maybe you had a similar situation in this David.

Didn't never like, never use the iPad.

Never use the iPad.

I was just always on the computer.

I was like, just constantly like, you know, on web pages.

I was on America online and I was checking and it was whenever I heard those sweet, sweet words, you've got mail.

Oh, oh, I love that movie too.

Oh, oh, oh.

Our movie that's coming out on Friday, Wanderlust, it's like you've got mail on speed.

Steroid.

I was going to say Steroid.

Oh, God, we almost- From hell.

Named Frankenstein.

On acid.

From around the corner.

Okay.

Where the fudge is made.

All right.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

This is a good game, right?

I could do it.

So yeah, anything else about your personal life?

We don't know you.

We know the artist.

We know David Wayne- I do live in New York.

The artists we don't know David Wayne the man.

I'm married to Zandy Hardick.

Yeah, you know, but we know this already.

Well, but you might not know about Zandy as she's on Children's Hospital and in Wayne-y days.

Yes, yes.

Lappo Blas, she's a wonderful performance in Wanderlust.

Oh, does she?

She's in the movie.

She appears pregnant in both Wanderlust and role models.

And in Children's Hospital.

Yes, she's very often- She sort of specializes in that niche kind of role.

Of doing things when she's pregnant.

She's great.

What else?

I mean, obviously we've learned now we've learned about your father.

Yes, I have my father who lives in Cleveland half the year and West Palm Beach the other half the year.

So if you're listening to the show, you can add that to David's Wikipedia page under the personal- Yeah, I think in the show notes we'll have his address and phone numbers as well.

Okay, good.

So what else would you like people to add to your Wikipedia page if they could?

Oh, yeah.

Let's see.

I went to NYU.

Okay.

I like to play squash.

Oh, see, that's good.

I would have no idea.

I'm a big fan of playing squash as often as possible.

As often as, and how often is that?

Well, when I'm in LA, depending on how busy I am, maybe two to three times a week.

Wow.

Yeah.

Is that a lot for a squash player or?

Well, some people play every day.

My brother-in-law Bob, when he was playing, played what?

Dad.

Every day.

That's how you get good, I would imagine.

Yeah.

Well, I'm not that good.

As my father explained to me when I was young, as Jews, we 're not natural athletes.

And so, we have to work extra hard just to be social athletes.

How did you get into squash?

Is that something that you- No, I had nothing to do with that.

Nothing to do with that.

Now, you're responsible for his filmmaking career, but nothing to do with his squash playing career.

Right.

Nothing to do with anything else.

Okay.

I just happened to wander around to the squash court at my local gym in the West Village in New York.

And so, let me give this a try.

And then I was like, you know what?

This is something I sparked to.

Does everyone spark to it?

No.

I'm stuck to it.

And so, I said, let me take a lesson.

Let me learn.

Let me meet people.

And you know what?

The next thing you know, squash is my life.

Wow.

So, do you care about- What was that first day?

How old were you?

The first day you stepped on the court.

Probably 32.

32.

So, not that long ago.

Well, 10 years ago.

Sure.

I'm 42.

That's another little piece of trivia.

That's in there, actually.

Oh, right.

Yeah.

Sorry.

That actually has your specific birth date.

I feel like this is a prego commercial that's in there.

Daddy.

What's up, Penn?

What do you think, Henry?

Henry, how old are you?

Four.

Ah, four years old.

And what do you get to do when you're four that you didn't get to do when you were three?

Do you like being four?

Yes, but I don't do a name like that.

Oh, I see.

There you go.

What age would you like to be?

What's your dream age?

Two.

That was actually one.

Such a great year.

We all yearn to be two again, don't we?

You know, and you may be joking when you say that, but I actually do think that there's something inside of us where we psychologically desire to crawl back into kind of an infant state.

Well, isn't that intellectual on your part?

But I think that's part of what fuels my work is the human desire to embrace that inside us that is the infant inside.

I've seen that.

And you know what though?

I do have to say you've taken that to the extreme in your work.

Yes.

Can I just say that?

Yes, please.

And now also you have procreated.

Okay.

Right.

Let's sing on a legacy to people.

Yes.

Okay.

What can you tell us about that?

Well, if you remember Drew Barrymore.

She, her parents were also famous in the movie business.

I believe so.

I rest my case.

There you go.

And that's how you do it.

That's how it's done generally.

Mm-hmm.

Generally what people do, they go.

They get married.

Right.

They decide, hey, are we going to have kids?

Are we not going to have kids?

Right.

So it has kids?

Yes, this for me it's more about the work.

Oh, okay.

So how do you balance family and work?

Okay.

Here's how it works.

Okay.

I wake up in the morning.

Mm-hmm.

I take the kids to school.

I wait for them at school.

I pick them up afterwards.

Wait, so you're just there at school the entire time?

Yep, I wait outside.

This is how I balance.

Because I do a lot of different things.

I'm a producer, director.

Yeah.

I do a lot of different...

A lot of multitasking.

I schedule out my day.

I wake up with the kids.

I take them to school.

I wait for them at school.

I pick them up from school.

I take them home.

I feed them.

I play with them.

I make them dinner and then I go to bed.

Okay.

Wow.

And then I wake up at like three in the morning and I do my work.

Okay.

Hey, you know, if I could just criticize your process.

Yeah.

Just really briefly.

Well, okay.

Using the lessons I learned in show business.

Yeah.

No, I'm going to criticize your daddy here for a second.

I would spend some of that time while you're waiting in school.

Just outside.

The problem is working.

Yeah, the problem is that I don't get a great signal on my laptop.

Okay.

They don't have wifi.

I mean, they do, but it's like two dollars a week.

Gotta get wifi.

Yeah.

Gotta get wifi.

So I think if I can figure out the wifi thing then, because these are there in school eight hours a day.

Yeah.

I just don't get time that you could be spending doing, you know.

I have thought about that because I really do just sit and like wait.

I literally don't even read the newspaper.

I just sit and it's.

I was like, a waste of time.

I've passed by once.

I remember I was driving by in New York one day and I was like, oh, there's David.

And I like pulled my car up to your car.

Yeah.

And you were just staring silently, almost angrily in my opinion.

I mean, I don't know you that well.

I do get very hostile by the end of the day because of all the waiting time that I could be working.

Yeah.

And then I have to squeeze an entire career in between three and four in the morning.

But you know, back to sleep until it's time to wake up.

Oh, okay.

You know that hour, I have to say you do so much with that hour.

Oh, thank you.

You do more in that hour than some people would do waiting outside for their children.

That's I was inspired by those army commercials these two.

You know, we do more before 10 30 a.m.

I've never heard of that.

I don't know.

What are these commercials?

There was a commercial where there's like we do more before 10 30 a.m.

And then most people do all day and join the army 10 30.

I don't know.

Eight o'clock.

Oh, 800 hours.

My father was in the army.

He could tell you all about it.

In fact, he was just telling me about how he was at Camp Cook in California and he would come down to Hollywood right here on a time off to look for girls or something on Hollywood and Vine.

Deciding whether I want to hear that story.

I basically told you this story.

Actually I preferred Santa Barbara.

It was less of a drive.

Hey, you know what though?

Santa Barbara, really nice drive.

Up the coast.

It's only a couple hours.

Beautiful.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

Great place Santa Barbara.

I mean, as far as I'm concerned for vacationing.

Yeah.

A couple hours up the coast.

You know what I mean?

You know what happened to me the other night?

Please so.

I was just hanging out in my house and the room started spinning horribly and then I started vomiting in the toilet violently.

And then the room spun more and I vomited more and then I told my wife to call 911 and within moments there was eight firemen in my bathroom.

What's going on with your room?

They took me to the emergency room.

Why is this spinning?

I don't know.

And then I have to work to figure out something's wrong with my room.

And then I was in the emergency room and my dad came because he's in town.

Yeah, I came to Hollywood for this glamorous premiere, you know, red carpet, lights, pot of russies.

The whole thing and instead I find myself in an emergency room waiting for David and David sitting there.

This emergency room was, I tell you what, I won't name the hospital, but it was dirty, crowded.

Yeah, we have a deal with another hospital.

So if you could not get it.

It was dirty and crowded and noisy and David sitting there puking.

It was really interesting.

I mean, it sounds like you added.

It was really, really interesting.

I found it to be fascinatingly interesting.

It was a great way to spend the premiere.

That's been you had a nice day.

We had the premiere.

He got to hang out with Jennifer Aniston.

Oh, yeah.

Justin Thoreau and the entire, all the paparazzi and the grammar.

And then I have a thing going.

You don't say it's secret.

You notice she never mentions it.

This is the first time hearing about it.

But she's really quiet about it.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, that's fantastic.

I mean, is this your first time working with Jen Ann?

This was the first time, yeah.

First time.

First time, long time.

First time, long time, great.

All right, guys.

Well, David, I think that wraps up the interview portion of our conversation.

Thank God.

How do you feel it went?

I'm really pleased with it.

And I'd like to kind of go over what happened beat by beat before we move on.

Okay, let's do it.

So I remember it started with you kind of going over some of my credits.

Yes, okay.

And if I could recap, we start off with Wet Hot American Summer.

Cold Classic, right?

Yeah.

Do you hate, do you not like that term?

No, in fact, we're putting together the next one.

Yes, by the way, you know, I know Showalter mentioned that in an event.

We overstated slightly on Bravo the other week, but the truth is we are writing that script and we're in early preparation and planning for that.

And what I've heard about it is that you are still the same age or all the characters are still the same age.

Characters will still be essentially the same age, yes.

Fantastic.

For the most part.

And so no time has passed.

It's still the 80s.

Right.

Maybe a year has passed?

That part is classified.

Oh, okay.

Redacted.

It's just classified.

Okay.

Maybe a year before.

Who knows?

Hmm.

I don't know how many different ways to tell you.

I have no comment on that part of the conversation.

One more way.

Do you have a title?

No.

Yes, we do.

You do.

But it is under wraps.

Can I guess?

Sure.

Wetter, hotter, Americaner, Summer, or that may or may not be the title, but I'm not a celebrity to say.

Wow.

That's an ongoing investigation.

Well, and when do you see this film coming out?

Okay.

Let me just say you have a film coming out this Friday, 2012.

Right.

A lot of directors, they put out a film, two films a year.

Spielberg, War Horse, and Tintin.

This film is going to be released March 25th, 2012.

Wow.

That is really soon after Wanderlust.

And you haven't even finished writing the script yet.

That is the kind of ambition now that especially you've opened up all this time with the idea of the Wi-Fi.

You know what?

If I can donate $2 a week so you can get this done, I will do that one.

That's the hope.

Well, basically we're going to finish this script this weekend and then we start shooting the next day.

And then it's in real time.

So it takes about two hours.

Well, of course not in real time, but it will probably take three, four days to shoot and then three, four days to edit.

And then of course it's the marketing begins and junkets and that's the whole cycle.

It's the whole cycle.

Frankly, I don't want to get too political or too analytical here.

You know what, but this is a safe room.

I feel like you can.

Well, I just have to say, I think a lot of this stuff with the movie business, yeah, sure they wanted, they're in it for making a good movie.

No, they're in it for the marketing and they're in it to market it because they were the bottom line is they want to make a profit.

I'm sorry to say it, but that's the way I think it is.

I prefer the days when filmmaking was about the art.

You know what I mean?

And nowadays, and you know what?

Maybe it's just me, but for me, it started when Spielberg released Jaws and that became a big summer hit.

Can I just say three words that will bring you back to a time when things were better and different?

You have to know those three words are Louis B. Mayer.

Exactly.

You know what I'm saying?

Those were the days.

My dad's like, how is it that he's made a living?

Was he talking about me or you?

Either one.

All right, tell you what, let's go to a commercial.

When we come back, we'll have an old friend of the show.

We're here with David Wayne.

The Wayne, three generations of Wayne's will be right back.

Oh yeah, take us out with a little bit of this.

We'll be right back.

Back when I was a kid, life was going swell.

Something happened, blew everything to hell.

That night my daddy stumbled in, all pale and weak.

Said a woman up the block, just gave birth to it.

Mom said, sell it to the circus.

What the heck?

Dad said, no, this one's a pencil man.

And if there's one thing lower than a sideshow great, it's a gritty, scum-suck pencil-neck geek.

You see, if you take a pencil, the whole old lead looks like a pipe cleaner.

That's your way.

And a buggy with body with a brain that leaks.

You got yourself a gritty, little pencil-neck geek.

Pencil-neck geek, gritty, and free scum-suck and beard with a lousy pursuit.

He's a one-man, no cut, losing straight.

Nothing but a pencil-neck geek.

Pencil-neck geek.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with David Wayne.

Wanderlust, of course, opens the Wanderlust theme.

This is some of that great music you were talking about, right?

The music is good.

Oh, man.

You know, when I go to a film, I want to tell the actors, hey, quiet down, buddy.

This music is better than what you're saying.

Sometimes the music is something you remember.

I mean, just as a little quiz.

Do you remember this one?

♪ Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam ♪ ♪ Gonna fly now ♪ Yes.

♪ Ba-da-ba, it's rocky ♪ I can tell you right now that is from Rocky.

That's right.

Or what about this one?

♪ Ba-ba-ba, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam ♪ ♪ Star Wars ♪ Yeah.

I can tell you that is also from Rocky.

That's right.

But I'm glad we got on this subject because it's a subject I've been talking about.

It's been me to talk about.

But memorable movie music, you know?

I mean, the Oscars just are happening this weekend.

There's been some pretty memorable music.

I cannot go outside for a run without hearing in my head the theme from, thank you very much, Jerry.

Jerry, it's a fire.

Oh, I wanted to say it first, but you got it out.

I know, but thank you so much.

And I just...

You know what I can't do?

I can't go for a swim without hearing the theme from Jaws.

From Jaws, yeah.

And it's like, duh, duh, duh, duh.

It's like, I don't even want to go for a swim.

I don't care if it's in a backyard kitty pool because I hear that music, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.

And then it's Jaws and it's like, do you read my mind?

And then it's like, oh no, the shirt's going to get me.

Oh my God.

I know.

But we can agree though that in the history of cinema, how long has sentiment been going on?

A hundred years?

I can't remember, did they make movies before 1963?

They did.

They made D.W.

Griffith and they made the battleship Potemkin.

Okay, yeah, I remember those.

Okay, but since 1963, we can agree that movies have had great music in them.

Well, I mean, look at Easy Rider, for example.

Sure.

I'm an Easy Rider.

The first movie with music and sound was jazz singer featuring Al Jolson.

No, Neil Diamond.

Neil Diamond, yeah, I'm pretty sure.

No, Neil Diamond is dying.

You're a Neil Dyson.

I'm pretty sure Neil Diamond is dying.

No, no, no, no.

Sorry, sorry.

I'm afraid you're going to have to...

My father's losing it a little bit.

I'm afraid trivial pursuit is not your bag.

Well David, thank you so much.

I'm going to America.

Yes, the theme from coming to America, Eddie Murphy.

I do want to talk more about memorable movie music, but I guess we could do that after the show.

Do you have an hour or so?

Yeah, how about I'll meet you downstairs in the lobby and we'll talk about there.

Okay, sounds good to me.

We do have to move on to our next guest though.

You know him from such iconic movie roles as Gary Butte.

No, wait.

It just says his name.

No, Buddy Holly.

That's correct.

You played Buddy Holly in the Buddy Holly story.

I portrayed Buddy Holly.

I didn't play him.

I didn't find it to be a game that was to be played.

All right.

Well, I made a serious effort to recreate one of the great all-time greats.

Gary Busey, of course, is your name.

We all know you from that.

Hello, Gary.

Welcome back to the show.

Thank you Scott.

It's an honor to meet you, Gary.

David, I must also want to honor to meet you.

I've had it in my share of wet hot American summers.

Okay.

Yeah.

That's a WHAAS.

WHAAS.

Uh-huh.

You're known for initializing things.

Well, yeah.

WHAAS actually stands for wet American hot summer.

Okay.

The way you said it.

All right.

Strike one.

All right.

Well, you know.

So, Mr. Busey, thank you so much for coming back to the show.

We haven't seen you in a long time.

I'm humbled and I'm honored to be here back at the year Wolf Studios.

I'm here right now because what I've had to do, it's Oscar week.

Yes.

This is the entire week with that Oscar shines.

Is that fair to say?

Yes.

Oscar shines and as a former winner, a laudatory.

You won an Oscar?

What did you win an Oscar for?

I was a liaison from the Oscars to the Screen Actors Guild for my portrayal as a buddy holly in a buddy holly story.

Oscar, did you win an Oscar for that?

I won the Oscar and I accepted it, but I've had to pound it off because I've come on hard times and you're not supposed to do that.

Yeah, you're not supposed to sell your Oscar.

A lot of people don't know that.

There's kind of a tacit agreement when you win one.

I did not sell it.

When I did, I said this, Scott, and I'm saying, and I am in legal litigation about this today, what I did was pound it and have every intention of having it back.

Okay, that's a different thing.

If you buy an Oscar, does that make you an Oscar winner?

Can you like, do they then put you in Wikipedia?

It definitely makes you an Oscar owner, but I would say that if someone wanted to add that to your Wikipedia page, would you disagree?

Well, okay.

All right, listeners up there.

Oscar stands for?

What's that?

Only some can always reissue.

Wow.

You really, that does sum it up.

That's true.

Well, Mr. Bucey, you were saying you're falling on hard times?

It is hard times and this is why I wanted to come forth in the public eye here during Oscar week.

What's happening is the acting work drying up, though?

I know you were on the celebrity reality show.

I call them celebrity celebrities.

That's an accurate portrayal.

I think reality bends, if you will.

I think David had a wonderful analogy with the prism.

I believe when you take a reality in front of a celebrity, what you're seeing is a light bending through that prism of reality television and the celebrity, the luster of the celebrity specter.

And you were on the celebrity called The Apprentice, this celebrity.

Yes, sir.

Celebrity, celebrity apprentice.

Yes, sir.

And I have nothing but thanks for Mr. Don Trump for allowing me on that program.

He's a great man.

Well, he is a great, he was a.

Oh, Henry just took a tumble.

Everything all right down there?

Oh, he smiled.

I believe my microphone has been, I believe my microphone has been cut.

I believe my microphone has been cut.

No, we're still hearing you, Mr. Bucey.

We can still.

I don't know what I don't know.

I think your headphones came out.

My headphones gone.

Oh my gosh, this is, it's pandemonium.

Everything's still working for me.

This is fine.

This is nothing.

She's like this before.

Really?

What, your mic stuff working on one of your films?

My mic, my mic did not work for most of point break.

And that was all done, that was all done through ADR.

ADR, what is that?

Is that another Buceism?

ADR stands for always doing reliably.

Oh, fantastic.

Well.

Because I'm known for my ADR skills primarily as, second arily as an actor.

So number one ADR skills, number two acting, number three as an interesting.

Number three I'm a collector of rare birds.

Really?

Yes, sir.

A live bird or dead?

Well, when I collect them, they are live.

And eventually like all things under the blessed sun, they pass on to a hereafter.

Birds, you know what a lot of people don't realize is birds have a shorter lifespan than human beings.

Most people do realize that, I think.

That is accurate.

Unless you're familiar with the New Zealand ground swan, the New Zealand ground swan is known to live to 85 or 90 years.

If it is kept in strict captivity without any contact with other living organisms.

Still shorter than a human being if he were kept under similar circumstances.

So what do you do with these birds?

Well, I love them.

I appreciate them.

I teach them the love of Christ.

And I bring them under my fold.

And what I have is I believe that in the past life I was a bird.

And I believe I am a bird that has been stripped of my feathers.

And I believe that what I'm trying to do is regain my wings so that I may fly.

What evidence do you have to support that theory?

I have no evidence.

I don't need evidence.

Scott, let me tell you something.

Evidence is something that legal courts require once they have usurped your powers.

Hello, little one.

This is a little one here on the piano.

I see it's a talented one.

I'm always inspired to see the future generations.

Yeah.

Hello, sir.

Henry, do you want to play something for the music?

Attracted to that 88 right there.

You want to play something on the piano for Mr. Bucey?

Are you some sort of a musician, a pianist of repute?

You know what?

That is inspiring.

That is a re-upping of the Gary Bucey buddy Holly story right there.

What I'm seeing in this child is the promise and wonder of a curiosity soul that could potentially reach the heights of one Gary Bucey and even reach even higher to let a buddy Holly, which is the highest any of us could aspire to .

Well Mr. Bucey, I don't think we got to exactly what's going on in your life.

What's going on in my life is an open book.

I'm happy to be a part of this circus as it happens because frankly, the hard times I'm experienced is this bankruptcy.

I have been forced to declare bankruptcy and I'm here because it's a souscary.

And seasonally, this is the time of year when sympathy for me is at the highest peak.

True.

You all expect at some point to see you on that montage.

Well yeah, I have tried, I've petitioned to be included in the death montage early five years in a row and I've been denied by the academy.

And for what reason?

Well I believe I have experienced spiritual death and rebirth several times.

Plus it's a lot like Tom Sawyer.

You want to be there at your own funeral.

You know?

You want to see how people will react?

Well I have made arrangements to broadcast my own funeral into the sarcophagus where I be placed.

I mean, wouldn't that be great if we were all watching the academy awards this weekend?

And all of a sudden, just someone who's still alive pops into that montage and we're all like, wait a minute, I didn't know that person died.

And then we don't have to check.

You would love that.

That would be entertainment.

And if you want to compete, Oscar, and this message goes directly, hello, you remind me of my own son, Henry.

Make it disappear.

Oh, he's made, yeah, he made the thing you were playing with disappear.

Especially for the reason that it was so loud that it was interrupting the show.

Oh my gosh, he's a magician.

He is a magician.

That is, and you blow it in the back.

I have a trick.

I could do a little trick with it.

Do you want to see this little trick?

All right, ready?

Here we go.

Ready?

Okay, I'm going to put this.

I'm going to get the mic next to you.

You're holding a little plug that got like a earphone plug.

Hey, earphone plug.

I'm going to ask you to step back, David.

All right.

So are you ready?

I'm going to put this into my hand.

Ready?

Here we go.

And it's gone.

Where did it go?

It went into your pockets.

Oh, that is teamwork.

Radio here.

You know, some people say magic is a visual medium.

I do not agree in the least.

You know, a lot of my films make use of visual storytelling .

I would say, David.

Yes, son.

I'm going to try to get it in my pocket and I get it out of my pocket.

All right, here it goes.

And I'll put it in.

It's me.

Henry, Henry, it's me.

It's me, your godfather, Gary Bucie.

Oh, wait a minute.

When did that happen?

Well, I'm now, I have a power of fatherhood.

I have a masculine nature about me such that when I encounter a child, they're undeniably drawn.

I've noticed that ever since he walked into that, his eyes have been locked upon.

And David, I have the utmost respect to you as a father.

That's why I would never, I would never dream of interfering with a child or kidnapping.

That's why you're only becoming his godfather.

I'm only becoming his godfather.

If he didn't have a father figure, a parent at all times, I would adopt him.

Sure.

How many children do you adopt a year?

I adopt an average of five children a year and I keep about two or three of them.

Sure.

What do you do with the other one?

I just card with a son.

They pass on.

I just card them.

I send them back to the slums.

Wow.

But Henry, you were an adorable child and I'm glad you have a father.

He is a lucky man to have you here.

Gary, man, I ask, what is your bird to child ratio in your house right now?

Well, initially, you like to have one child for each bird.

Sure.

Some of the birds have claws.

I refuse to declaw my birds.

Oh, yeah.

You can't.

And of course, at a young age, a bird views a child as a threat and he will go straight for the eyes.

I have a number of eyeless children and other maims.

Your house sounds wonderful.

I would love to be eyes.

It is, but that's unfortunately one of the things that I'm going to have to, I mean, I am, I am, I have my back against the wall, Scott.

And I'm here to plead about this.

My house, I have a house and a half in Malibu.

And that is one of the things that is.

A house and a half, you say?

It's a house and a half in Malibu.

How is that?

Do you share one house with somebody else?

Well, I have, I have an entire compound and then there's a hat.

There's half a house that's unused.

It's for memorabilia and I keep a number of storage items there.

But I, but I'm facing this and I'm here to, I'm here because I believe in the Holy Spirit and I believe in the Holy Spirit of the media as well as Christ.

Sure.

And I'm here to pit.

I'm here to tell people because I understand there may be a bankruptcy jury out there and I'm facing not only the loss of my house, but the loss of a number of other items that I have and I've had to declare this in public.

And I, and I want people to know that you may think of me as someone who is, is, yes, who has reached a pinnacle of artistic achievement.

Sure.

You won the Oscar.

We only, not only have a one with the Oscar, I've danced with it on an ice-skating rink.

Hey guys, I'm sorry to interrupt, but my son Henry seems to be gone.

Oh no, where did he go to?

Oh well.

He's really hiding behind the curtain.

Well, I guess we'll never find him.

How do you feel about that, Dave?

I don't know.

Oh, what?

Oh, that's crazy.

I think we can get back to the interview.

Henry, I think I have a part for you as a young Polonius.

I'm doing it all children's production of Hamlet to try to raise money to get out of bankruptcy.

And I'm looking for people to play Claudius and Polonius.

Oh yeah, those are the two hardest roles to cast.

When you're casting children.

Henry's offer only.

Well, that, you know, gosh, what are you, what are you going to do to get out of these financial straights?

I mean, that's a tough situation to be in.

But you know, can I say, we've all been in this type of situation at several points during your life.

I mean, I don't know, sir, have you had ups and downs in your career at all or has it all just kind of been a steady incline?

No, I've had plenty of downs to, you know, match the ups.

Luckily, there were a few more ups and downs.

And that's usually...

Absolute your service, sir.

And I want to say that I want to say that I was a young child of Norfolk, Virginia.

I was a big fan of your radio presence.

I'll bet you were.

I was comfort on cold winter nights.

He was entertaining the troops during the Great Korean War.

Yeah, I'd tell you.

Just like Al and Alda.

You understand that I was born two weeks after the D-Day invasion after the beachhead had been secured.

Oh, really?

And there was...

And I believe I'm...

My fate has crisscrossed with that of the America itself.

And I salute those others who I believe are walking along the path of not only freedom, but original freedom that comes from the Magna Carta.

Good.

Well, you know, I just wanted to say that, you know, that's the human experience, Mr.

Bucey, is that you're going to have some ups, you're going to have some downs, but what matters is where you end up, meaning how rich are you when you die.

You know what I mean?

That's where people take the final score, the final tally.

You know, what's your bank account?

Well, that's something that you might say.

That's something you might say.

I don't believe you ever declared bankruptcy heavy, Scott.

I've been close.

I've been humbled.

I've been humbled here.

And I approach humility.

I approach humility with a spirit of humbleness because I believe firmly that bankruptcy stands for borrowed and never known, repaid under pressure today.

I believe that too.

Like 100%.

Just to support your theory of what you're saying, if you look in the book, who's who of people from the past, every single, the entries I'll say the name and then how rich they were when they died.

Exactly.

And that's really what people, you know, no one was ever on their deathbed saying, you know what?

I wish that I had played that one extra game of squash.

They say I wish that I had an extra dollar.

And that's why we're up in that.

Who's who?

And that's why Liberace, for example, is remembered today because of how much money he had.

Scott, Scott, I'm actively sleeping in my deathbed four nights a week.

Really?

I am.

I have preparations.

I'm surrounded by my family as often as possible so that if I do pass, that I am on my deathbed as often as possible.

But that is one thing I'm going to have.

I had to declare that I may have to give up and rep ossession because it is under lean.

It is under technical lean from Wells Fargo Bank.

You're deathbed.

I borrowed money on a mortgage account to buy a deathbed and I've written a number of last words that I have in a small diary that I recite from to make myself go to sleep.

These are the heartbreaking stories that you hear about in show business where, and may I say that you are a legend.

Okay?

You won the Oscar?

You don't know that.

It's on your Wikipedia page.

You won the Oscar.

A guy like you to know that you can't even die because your deathbed is going to be on lean from a bank.

That's terrible to hear.

You want to go to your final resting place.

You want to get in that montage.

You want that kind of glory and yet you're not allowed to.

That's terrible.

Yes, it is.

It is.

But I approach you.

I approach.

You said that I was a legend.

And I approach that with humility.

I've always believed firmly.

First of all, I've always believed that if a bubble appears in your throat, that the last thing that you should ever do is clear it.

Right.

No, I firmly believe that if there's a bubble or if any kind of flam, that God has intended that to be there and you want that to come out naturally, otherwise it could cause vocal problems.

But what happens if you're on set and then you're trying to do a line?

You know what?

That can just be additive to your profession.

I was in Barbarossa the entire time I had not only my flam but the flam of my co-stars and directors.

Because they were clearing their throats into your mouth.

How many directors were there?

Well, there were 14 directors.

I actually, I was a consultant director as well.

I was a liaison.

That sounds good.

That was a facilitator on the front.

That's like a chaotic film set.

I don't know.

Maybe it's the right process though.

We don't know.

I guess we don't.

I mean, you're used to just you directing.

I usually don't have consulting directors on myself.

But you know the Abrams brothers?

Yeah.

Zaz, they all did it with airplane and the naked gun.

You know what I mean?

Tell me about it.

I would love to tell you about it.

I mean, there's three people.

They all co-directed these films.

Right.

But then they didn't really rake in the bucks until they broke off and then Jerry Zucker did Ghost of course, which had a great theme.

But let's just.

Yeah.

First of all round of applause.

But then can you play the theme from Ghost a little bit?

The Ghost is a ghost and she goes in my heart is nice.

Remember that?

Oh, remember that?

Who can forget?

You know what the why doesn't that win the Oscar?

You know what I mean?

Instead, you have she'll be coming around the mountain wins that year.

Which I think is the right call.

And then also did this movie direct itself?

Yeah.

Like, you know what I mean?

If it could be nominated for Best Song, why not nominate Best Director?

You know, that's what I never understood.

So what I don't understand is Ghost that year wins Best Actor, Best Actress, Demi Moore, Best Picture, Best Screenplay.

How could they not nominate Jerry Zucker for Best Director?

You know what?

Did the movie direct itself?

I feel like it's because Hollywood and I know that I'm being controversial right now, but Hollywood is run by a certain type of person that does not like the zuckers of the world.

Do you see what I'm saying?

To give you a pass for that because a podcast, an independently produced podcast, is the forum where you can be controversial.

You know what?

And in fact, you so much.

You should be, it is your responsibility to be controversial.

Amen, amen to that.

I want to say that I'm a big fan of Ghost because I've always felt that Ghost stands for girls hot or sometimes transgender.

You know what?

I would agree 110% with that.

You know what?

The 110% is not up to my agreement threshold.

I only accept it as a full agreement if it is 140 to 180% degree.

I spoke very high.

I spoke to the Goldbird character and Ghost.

Yeah.

So what do you have planned, Mr. Busey?

Well, what I'm trying to do, I've had a declare.

You may have seen I declared a number of my assets because that's something that's required when you declare chapter 39 bankruptcy, which is the bankruptcy that I am doing.

People have to know what you own in order to know how much money they get from.

The ability, my assets and everything in between.

But I want people to know out there.

It is Oscar's season.

People are going to be googling Gary Busey.

I'm going to be getting a lot of follows on Tumblr.

I expect the internet to be kind of a little slow this weekend, you know, because people are googling Gary Busey.

Also, I just think people are flinging this term Oscar around.

That's fine, I guess, in casual conversation.

But what we're talking about is the Academy Awards.

I don't like nicknames at all.

The slang nickname that people have applied is Oscar.

It's disrespectful to the work.

What we're talking about is the Academy Awards and I appreciate if we use the term.

Okay.

You can definitely count on me.

You understand what Academy stands for, always Christian announcing demographics enough, mortifying yourself.

Exactly.

That's what I always used to say.

Because in the back in my days in school.

Meanwhile, Oscar stands for.

Oscar, well Oscar stands for original sin causing all regrets.

Yes, of course.

I want to say this, Scott, because I came, there's one reason I came on here.

I want people to understand I have assets and I'm doing a fire sale.

And what that means is I'm setting my estate on fire.

Oh.

If there's anything you can grab at a fair price before it 's all burned down for insurance money, you're welcome to take it.

Please, I'd like to hear some odd strategy.

Well, I mentioned I have, I have my home in and half in Mal ibu.

I also have a hut in Catalina.

I own, I own one fourth of an uninhabitable island in the Mississippi River.

The island in the river.

It is in the mid, it is in, it is in the four year flood plain.

So it floods fairly frequently, but the, it, it, it doesn't have rainfall.

So it's uninhabitable.

I have 32 beach balls.

Mm.

I have a.

Do you collect those like you collect birds?

No, those, those, those have a way of washing up at my Mal ibu.

Oh, okay.

And then inadvertent.

Those are the, the neighbor kids.

Are they, are they inflated?

Cause I would be more interested in buying them if they were inflated.

I, I go the opposite way.

Uh huh.

I don't, I don't have a lot of trunk space.

Right, right.

What I do is I pin them to wall like butterflies.

Oh.

Would you be willing if Scott bought half of them to def late those hat, that half so they can fit in his trunk?

Any arrangement at all.

I'm selling those for six, I'm selling those for six cents per colored patch for each beach ball.

I, I don't know David, I would stay away from him if I were you cause you want to spend that $2 on the Wi-Fi.

I have 30, I have five left shoes.

Hmm.

I have six yards of copper piping along with the raw materials for a wedding chapel.

I was always brought up to stay away from the colored patch .

I have a fallow garden.

I have a fallow garden that is not fit for anything, but I also have six buckets of seeds that are being stored in the Swarleboro seed vault.

Was that your green location of the garden not being fallow ?

That's right.

So if I buy those, you'll just give me the password to get those seeds out of the vault.

I have, what I have is I have a passcode.

I have four pass keys, which is about one fourth of the passcode.

If you're able to track down the other three members of my Swarlelegence tribe.

Who are they?

You'll have this guy.

I ask who are these members.

This is not so straightforward that I can't just get the seeds.

What am I?

Well, I'm not going to give you Boardwalk and Park Place, David.

You're going to have to go track down the other half.

Who are these other three members?

I'm curious about this because you remind me of some people who have been on the show.

Well, Henry, well, I have to say, Jesse Ventura.

Okay.

You all have to.

So you know both of those guys?

Of course I do.

They've been on the show many times.

Well, I am the UN liaison to the Agnigma Force 5.

Okay.

Now we're getting to it.

Anytime I have a Swiss passport that is not recognized, but it still looks legitimate.

Okay.

I'm getting your whole vibe here.

So if you can track down those two people and one other, you said?

Well, those two people, the other fourth one, I'm not a living.

No, but we'll find out about him in the next couple of years, I would imagine.

Well, I'll put it this way.

The reason I can't reveal him is because I keep him in the attic in one of my states.

Oh.

Is this in the half house?

Well, this is in the half house.

In the half attic?

It is in the half attic.

And I'm usually haven't said this, but he does have one fourth of the code for this far-barreled seed vault.

Oh my God.

So if we buy the half house, then we can know it will get at least that much of the code.

That's right.

That is one trick to get yourself 50% to seed security for the future apocalypse.

I want those seeds.

I know what you do.

What I want to say.

Your eyes just lit up with the minute he mentioned them.

I need those seeds.

Oh my God.

He hasn't even said what kind of seeds they are.

I have three French hands.

I have a black swan.

I have one woman surfboard.

I have the big, the big bopper.

And you have a partridge and a pear tree.

No, I don't.

No, I gave away all those to my lover over the 12 days of Christmas.

But on the third day of Christmas, my lover cheated on me.

So I kept the three French hands.

But I will say that the fourth member, I guess I can go ahead and tell you.

I'm a secret to a late allegiance is the big bopper.

He did not die.

That's exactly.

Thank you for that musical tribute to the big bopper.

I keep him like Jane Eyre in the attic of my home.

Oh my God.

You're really blowing the lid off of it.

Did you know about the big bopper before you portrayed Buddy Holly who by all accounts died with the big bopper?

We co-wrote my performance in the Buddy Holly story.

Wow.

The screenplay was independently written.

And then your dialogue was co-written by the two of you?

Well, based on what the big bopper heard Buddy Holly say.

We uncove, I can't say this.

What I did is I uncovered a golden tablet and the big bo pper came to me.

And in the form of a black swan, he said that this golden tablet is the dialogue that you will say.

Oh my God.

Complete with stage directions.

Oh, what were the stage directions?

Because I imagine just whatever you were doing in the movie .

Normally it said mug.

It would say flash your teeth.

It would say fiddle faddle.

I do a lot of fiddle faddle.

I've noticed that's your style of acting.

A lot of fiddle fattling.

I just do a little tribute to the big bopper.

Okay, I love to hear it.

Spaghetti with meatballs, a kula, kachakoyan, a Scotty.

Nobody said so.

You can't get.

I'd like to take you on tour.

Have you ever thought about that David going on tour with someone like Gary Busey?

Well, we've talked about it.

You're a Busey type.

There's been a lot of talk just in a live nation.

We're putting together elements and doing market research to see if the Busey Wayne tour doing.

There's a lot of research before you compare.

Especially if we're doing the La Bamba variations and the K ianna-Scatsy stuff.

There's a lot of rights to go on with that.

What's the market for it?

What kind of venues?

Are they stadiums?

I think it has a lot of crossover appeal because the Spanish market right now is at an all-time high.

I think the Spaniard juriscendent people, I think they are.

I think they're on their way up in my opinion.

They are on their way up.

But if anything, Busey can tell you that up stands for under pressure.

That's true.

David Bowie knows that better than anyone.

I'll tell you these days though, especially if you look down what's going on in Congress up and down frankly.

You know, these clowns in Washington, someone better call the circus around them all up.

I don't want to get too crazy about this, but up is down.

I actually have the film rights to the Magna Carta which is in the National Monument.

Really?

In the Smithsonian Museum and I have the film rights to it.

No one else can make a movie about the Magna Carta.

You were unallowed to.

That also includes a one-eighth share in the Robert Hood movie because it has a tangential reference to the Magna Carta.

Oh my gosh.

So I mean, you could be, you could rebound.

You know what I mean?

I could rebound, but I've already sold off.

I've already sold off my basketballs and backboards.

Backboards?

That's I think a basketball reference.

Oh I see.

Rebounding is a basketball term.

I know you're a squash player, David.

So you're a little more.

You know those guys on YouTube who just do the crazy basketball throws and you can't believe how they get each.

I can't stop watching them.

Why do you bring it up?

Oh I just thought I was wondering if you knew about it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Come by the house sometime if you want to see any of those.

Are you cool?

You have YouTube?

I mean, I have like the second, it's kind of a YouTube knockoff.

Okay.

So, you know, I mean, it gets everything YouTube gets.

Okay.

It's called, oh my gosh.

You understand what YouTube stands for?

No, no.

Yearly orgies under terrible undergarments, bringing everything.

Oh, that's what I always thought.

All right, well Gary, any final words for fans?

I have 16 wicker place settings.

Okay.

I have, I fully own outright the only working fools gold mine in Nevada.

I will take three of those wicker place settings right now.

I'll commit to that right now.

That's right.

If I need payment first, if you can donate to my Bitcoin account or meet my agent in the Cayman Islands, all proceeds must go through those two avenues.

All right guys, well Mr. Bucey, best of luck to you.

I mean, you're part of the family here.

And so anything I can do, just let me know.

We do have one last little feature on the show.

And David, I wanted to do this because you're here, because you did it the very first time we ever did it on the show.

And you were so fantastic at it.

And it's a little something we call the freestyle rap battle.

Oh God.

All right.

Now I'm going to go to engineer Dustin.

What is our topic today?

Father's dad's.

I think that's apropos.

Fathers and dads.

David, I'm going to ask you to start off.

Oh God.

Gotta make it a lot louder.

Okay, a little louder.

My father is here.

He's a guy who says he was in the radio business and the time that was.

He is a guy who's listening to all the big jazzy, too.

He goes on top.

He goes to the bottom and he rocks it out with the farm, farm, farm.

Says one, two, chill it down, killing the mega sound.

Make sure to run.

Wait, wait, wait.

Here we go.

Yeah, break it back.

And now David, wait.

My father was born Brooklyn NYC and I know that because I 've been there, that's me.

I go there every time I need to see the roots that I've been to.

I let everyone in my house, my father, my son, my other son , too, given all the borderline to the Jane Jane Rhine to the crime, crime, crime.

Yeah.

That is really good.

Fantastic.

All right, I guess I'll try my hand at it.

My name is Rapin Scott and I'm here to say it's fun to rap in a father way.

My father's name is Bert and that don't hurt.

He likes to Hershey Hershey squirt.

He's not here right now unlike some dads.

I would say that's not half bad because I like to do my show without a father's eyes.

It's a surprise because he's never heard the show nor will he because I don't know.

I think he wouldn't like it.

It's kind of weird.

He used to have a beard.

He also used to have a mustache back in the 70s and our bread was the 70s because we're not Jewish.

Ahhh.

Yeah, I'm done.

Don't be curt about Bert and shirt because that is the word .

All right, Mr. Bucey.

Here we go.

Ho, ho, ho, Gary.

Bucey said Bucey in the house, the hills have eyes.

Poke them out.

No surprise.

When you go down, you better understand that the father is the one who's on top of the land.

He's dad, which says we don't always detonate.

I'm dad.

I'm the father to all.

I have 16 children, so I keep them all except the ones that I give back and I always give them back if they're girls.

Talk about the birds.

What about the birds?

Can you rap about the birds?

The birds will fly.

The birds will sky.

The birds will fly out of the sky.

And when I catch the birds show high, I'll smoke their feathers and get real high.

I can rhyme because I'm Bucey, which stands for barely under sexual enough yourself.

Ah, I got one line.

Here we go.

I don't want this day to be a bust, so I want everybody to go see Wanda Lust.

It opens all over this big nation on Friday, October 24th, and keep that.

That would be February 24th.

That's going to be February 24th.

Cut it off.

The father of Sean, the Holy Ghost, taking it all to the roast.

We're not rapping anymore.

If you've got a rap on the rap.

If you've got a movie, I'll say it, clean, and you could rent Martha Marci Mae Marlene.

I have to say, something happened during that rap that I want to call out.

I think there was an unauthorized plug for your movie, David.

I had nothing to do with it.

I don't appreciate, we're here at the end of the show.

I don't appreciate plugs happening before we do the plugs.

You know what I mean?

That's what my hair transplant surgeon said.

I think that rap contest, you know what?

I'm afraid that the judges rule that you cannot win because I was just a plug.

So sorry.

I'm going to let Dustin, your father, Mr. Marshall, you're going to assign a winner to the freestyle rap battle.

Bearing in mind that Mr. Wayne is not, he cannot win.

I know that you guys probably have some dad thing going on.

You would say he's the winner because you have some sort of dad pact.

It's not happening.

Mr. Marshall, Mr. Marshall, I would say to the jury that I 'm also a practicing father in over 45 states in this beautiful union.

All right.

I would say mine.

I just want you to keep in mind that my son is riding the sound absorption foam like it's a horse.

I would definitely have to give it to David.

Oh, I would give it to David too.

That's fair.

Thank you.

That's fair.

Although I do have to say, even though it was a plug, your rap was really good.

But I don't appreciate that.

David, as a previous nominee and winner of a rap battle award, I just want to say you're gorgeous here on the red carpet.

Oh, thank you.

And it is perfectly, you have to shine here.

This is your moment to shine and sparkle.

And your skin looks great too.

Thank you.

I bathed with Dr. Bronner's show.

I never remember that guy.

He was barely here.

He was here for just a minute, wasn't he?

Dr. Bronner happens to be a friend, so thank you.

All right.

Well, it is time for our final feature on the show and that is you were a little early for it, but you were maybe three minutes too early for it.

But here we go.

It's something called plugs.

I'm going to be having a show next.

Do you want to see the coming out soon?

I'm going to be on the TV to do a stand up show.

I was at it.

That is by Darren Gardner.

And that is the song called plugs.

Wow, what a descriptive title.

And if you have a theme for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial plug section, go to earwolf.com on our message boards and leave it there.

And you can have it played on this show.

Thanks, Darren.

That was a good one.

And so here we go.

David Wayne, I imagine what you want to plug.

But I don't want to put words in your mouth.

But so let's hear it.

Well, just released this week.

Nationally is the Wayne Days DVD.

Fantastic.

And you can order it on WayneE Days.com.

What about Amazon?

What about?

Amazon, David Wayne.com.

It is.

It doesn't matter.

It is.

MyDamnChannel.com.

And this is a handsome collection of all the Wayne Days episodes with all your favorite stars, plus a lot of extras only to be found on the DVD.

And someone like me who's the host of a popular show, how do I get a copy of that?

You can get the copy by going to Amazon.com and putting in your credit card number and your credit card.

First the password.

Sometimes Amazon already has your credit card stored.

Or you can use PayPal.

Full retail you pay.

Now, if I've diversified out of the dollar completely, is there a way to purchase these items?

Here is the deal that I will make you.

If you are listening to this show and you order the DVD, when you receive it, send me a photo through my website, DavidWayne.com, of you holding the DVD and a note saying, I heard about it here on Ear Wolf's signature flagship program, Comedy for Seng Bang.

Thank you.

Thank you so much.

And then I will send you back an email personally from me.

Wow.

That's incredible.

That is an incredible offer.

And what were you saying?

Will there be text in the email or will there be blank?

It will be blank.

But if you pay PayPal me $75, I will send a text saying, thanks.

Really, just those five little letters.

Hey, listen.

My time is money.

Six, actually.

And also this Friday Wanderlust.

Now will that be in theaters everywhere?

Will that be eligible for the Academy Awards on Sunday?

They have made an exception this year.

And not only will it be eligible, it will be winning.

And this is an exclusive announcement.

Best picture.

And that is crazy that they would announce that.

Well, this is a very special case where there a movie that comes out the weekend of the Academy Awards is eligible to and wins an Academy Award, but they 're doing it because it is so damn good.

You can't ignore a movie like Wanderlust.

You cannot.

And I'm telling you, if you are a fan of this show and you 're not seeing Wanderlust this weekend, I don't know what is wrong with you.

You know what I mean?

That is correct.

I mean, you're just your resume alone.

I haven't seen Wanderlust.

From what I've heard, people are loving every single one.

There are so many comedy bang bang guests alumni in Wander lust.

Paul F. Tompkins, David Cross, Maria Bamford.

Or probably Bamford, isn't it?

Maria Bamford.

I believe that Maria Bamford is a true luminary of the podc age.

Weird Al Yankovic, Kathy Griffin, Jillian Jacobs.

They're all in there.

So if you're not there this weekend, just from your resume alone, let alone word of mouth.

And your resume, as far as I'm concerned, wed Hot American Summer, the 10.

Yes.

Okay.

Then you go over to role models and then you do Wanderlust.

And then add as a raffy.

It's a raffy on the cake, Maria Bamford.

Yeah.

Once that is all put together in a nice, heady stew.

I don't know what you're doing with your life if you can't see this one.

I don't know what's going on with my son.

All right.

Mr. Bucey, what do you have to plug here?

Thank you.

And it's Dr. Bucey.

So sorry.

My apologies, Dr. Bucey.

Well, I want to say, I want to say look at looking your spam boxes because I'm sending out some communications and I always disguise my urgent communications and messages as spam.

So I could be emailing anybody who's listening to this podcast at the moment.

I will also be making appearance not only at the Oscars, but the night before I will at the February 25th, I'll be at the upright citizens theater and I will be in Los Angeles.

I will be in the Los Angeles branch of the International Upgrade Citizens Theater and I will be one of the presenters at the Opel Obelisk Awards.

You know what UCB stands for?

Upright Citizens Brigade.

That is a true Bucey, isn't it?

That is.

I'd like to bring you into my circle of elders.

And anything else to plug, Mr. Bucey?

Well, yes, I have a number of things to plug.

I'm re-releasing Under Siege in 3D.

Okay, great.

I don't have the authority to do that.

But you know, if you can find a show and it's so rare that an actor in a movie re-releases it himself.

I will be doing an unauthorized midnight screening at the Hollywood sign.

I'll be projecting it myself.

On to which letter?

I'll be projecting it on to all five letters.

Okay.

I'm going to knock down the other two.

Okay.

Now, I'd want to plug South by Southwest.

We're going to be doing some shows out there on, let's see, March 10th.

We'll be doing a stand-up show.

I think that information has been released.

Comedy Bank Bank stand-up.

March 11th, I'll be recording an episode of this podcast.

I want to go to South by Southwest.

Do you want to go, really?

Yeah.

Didn't we do it at South by Southwest last time?

No, we were at the Chicago Festival.

But if you actually do want to go, I could talk to you about that.

Oh, let's talk about it off the air.

No, I mean, we could have a conversation about it.

No, all right.

I'm looking up at kayak.com right now and I think there's some good flight arrangements if we want to get on it.

I think Henry might have some plugs as well.

Yeah, we'll get to that.

The 12th, we'll be doing the recording of this podcast.

The 13th, I'll be doing a special show with IFC and special guests on all those shows.

And just, you know, we're working hard on the Comedy Bank Bank TV show.

So look for that and I may have an announcement about a way you can check that out a little early very soon.

You know what IFC stands for?

What is that?

Independent Film Channel.

Oh, I hate to say it.

That's actually not true.

Yeah.

No, according to the beauty dictionary, IFC stands for ignorant fools chaff chatting.

Chaff chaff chaffing?

That's one word that begins with C.

I also want to thank our, one of our sponsors, he sent in a sizable amount to sponsor the studio for a day.

So I want to give him a nice little mention of recognition, Chris Todd.

Chris Todd, thank you so much for your generous donation.

You are helping keep the show free and we have a little special something coming towards you.

And Mr. Wayne, do you have anything that you'd like to plug any appearances?

What does C stand for, Henry?

I travel thousands of miles to be here today.

Thank you so much.

And the real reason I'm here is to tell everybody to go see one of us.

You know what?

And I hate to bust you.

Thank you, Pilgrim.

Thank you, Pilgrim, for your journey.

That is a double plug and we don't do double plugs during the plugs.

I know you're new to the show, but this, you know, I used double plugs on late nights on the sunset strip.

Hey, come on, David.

Now, Henry, what does C stand for?

C is for?

Mm hmm.

Microphone.

Yes, the third letter of microphone.

Smart kid here.

He doesn't, he doesn't go for the obvious first letter.

From the wisdom, from the wisdom of babes comes the truth of the ages.

That's true.

David, I would love to hear the theme from Wanderlust to take us out.

Before you do that, I want to thank all my guests.

I want to thank Gary Busey.

Thank you so much.

Thank you.

God bless you and your, and your penis as well.

Mr. Wayne, thank you so much for being here and participating.

Thanks for having me.

My pleasure.

It's been a real blast.

Not you yet.

Henry, I want to thank you.

You have a good time today?

Yeah, you're going to be famous.

Dustin, engineer Dustin, thanks to you.

Mr. Marshall, thanks to you for lending your support to Dustin here.

And David, Wayne, thanks to you.

Go see Wanderlust, and let's hear the theme from that.

And this is eligible for this Sunday's Academy Award for Best Song.

And this deal will rest and I give it all to the wanderlust .

To the wanderlust.

Taking it, taking it, taking it, wandering.

Wanderlust.

See you next week.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

The worst dead.
