---
layout: page
title: 146. Reggie Watts,Ben Schwartz,Matt Besser [11840⧸21030].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Three old favorites on the show today, Ben Schwartz, who people know from Parks and Recreation.

We have an old friend, a musician, she hasn't been on the show in a long time, plus the guy who's about to do this very theme song, all of that and more, all on today's!

♪♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ Oh, there is no acumen, there is only Zool.

Welcome to the show. Thanks for that catchphrase submission , Adam Young.

And that was Reggie Watts here with a remix of the theme song.

Thanks for that, Reggie.

No problem.

How you doing, Reggie?

I'm doing all right.

All right, this is Comedy Bang Bang.

I am, of course, the world famous Scott about Hot Tosserman n, and it's a lovely Saturday afternoon.

We're taking a break here from the Comedy Bang Bang TV show , which the man to my left is a big part of.

Reggie, no, no, not you, other man to my left.

You will be known as other man to my left.

Okay.

But Reggie Watts, we've been filming this for quite a few weeks.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

You mean we were talking about the show?

Yeah, the TV show.

Oh, yeah, yeah, the TV show, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

It's been awesome.

Yeah, you and me, pal.

It's been super compact.

Uh-huh.

Yeah, we've been trying to keep it tight as much as we can.

Keep it pretty tight.

You know what I mean?

Keep our frames as low as we can while we shoot.

Yeah, man.

Yeah, I'm doing frame rates and camera positions.

You're really, plus, you know, the part of the temptation when you're shooting is to stand up as straight as you can, and you really can't do that because what if, like, some random passerby shoots a gun outside their car, you want to be low to the ground?

You're right about that.

And I never even realized that's why you guys always sit low and I stand high.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, we want you to be the one to take the bullet.

All right, and then the other man to my left right here, an old friend of the show, I called him last night.

I said, bro, I need you.

Mm-hmm.

I said, get down here.

And what did I say?

In about 12 hours.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He said, you got 12 hours to get down there.

I said, I'm busy.

He said, doesn't matter.

Come right when you're done.

I don't care about what you're doing today.

This is what you said to me.

I did not care, and you know what?

You took that really well, but we made a deal.

You said that I owe you.

Yep, it's true.

And I already know what I want you to do for me.

Uh-oh, what is it?

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

It's going to be amazing, though.

Let me introduce you.

You know him as John Raffio.

That was pretty close.

I guess he only had 12 hours to do research.

But on the show, 15 times.

I can remember your name.

John Raffio.

John, so what did I mess up?

I messed up.

You messed up.

John Raffio.

You're great.

John Raffio.

You know him as him from Parks and Recreation, and you're on Shameless currently on the Showtime network.

I'm on House of Lies on the Showtime network.

I mean, you couldn't even be...

You didn't even mean to make that mistake.

I didn't.

That's not me being a funny dick.

That is me actually messing up.

What show you're on?

House of Lies with the guy from Oceans 11.

Don Cheadle.

Uh-huh, correct.

Well, that's easy.

You can spread a pretty wide blanket there.

You can be one of 15 actors.

Almost every one who was an Oceans 11.

Right, except for Bernie Mac who had passed away.

Everybody on that show is a pretty reliable whatever.

Ben Schwartz is here.

Thank you so much for coming to the show.

Of course, I'm a big fan of the show.

I'm happy to be back.

Well, we're a big fan of you.

We love every episode that you do.

Of what show?

We're a big fan of you.

Of you in general.

Okay.

As a person.

Sure.

And we're a big fan of Shameless.

Shameless is your emirosum as a gorgeous human being.

Yeah.

You know, I mean, I can see the two of you dating.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Okay.

I hope she's a good person.

I've never met her before.

I bet she's a good person.

Okay.

Pretty people with symmetrical faces are always good people , aren't they?

Usually, usually, I feel like God is very kind to those people.

I have them great personalities and good looks.

Yeah, can you believe it?

I love her already.

I don't know.

I've never met her, but I love her.

What about at the Showtime parties?

You ever...

I have seen her.

I have not seen her.

We should not make this about...

Why not?

I got nothing planned for the show.

Let's talk about it.

Emi Rossum, are you out there?

Are you a listener?

She's listening right now.

She seems nice.

She's really good on the show.

On the show that I'm on, Phraiser.

So what is Dr. Phraiser craying up to these days?

He's great, man.

The name and Nile is getting into hijinks, their brothers, they're very similar.

It's so weird how that show continued after it left NBC in the minds of all of us.

Yeah, it's amazing.

It doesn't stop.

It's like a heartbeat that will never die.

I hope not.

The eternal heartbeat underneath the floorboards.

Do you write fan fiction?

Yeah.

Never, but mostly for CBB.

Oh, okay.

So mostly about...

What are we up to?

Comedy Bang Bang.

Reggie turns into a wolf.

Right now, how deep I am is Reggie turns into a wolf.

And you're just our insatuated with hairy people.

So you love Reggie, but Reggie's not into you because Reggie's into his own thing.

He's into music.

Do you know what I mean?

Yeah.

So it's mostly you at night trying to take advantage of Reggie and Reggie going, oh, you Chris.

That's, you know, what's so interesting about that is at night, that's when people get sexy.

And yet that's when he turns into a wolf.

Right.

But essentially him getting sexy, him becoming hairy makes him sexy.

Right, right, right.

So for you, it works perfect.

That's great.

I'd love to read that.

Where do you post that?

Going blogspot.edu.com.

That too has that domain name.

I tried to get that one.

Go Daddy was like, are you sure?

I'm like, oh, I'm positive.

Really go Daddy has an alert for if your website name, your domain name is really bad.

Danica Patrick came in a race car and is like, are you sure ?

I was like, yeah.

And she's like, all right, well, to see more of me watch this commercial or whatever.

Watch the internet break.

Man, I tell you, they hype that you were going to see some Danica boobies.

They got me the first time.

The first Super Bowl they did that, I went right to the internet right afterwards.

And I was insanely disappointed.

Yeah.

And never again, they never got me again.

No, like that.

But it's like, you can see boobies everywhere on the internet.

Like, well, who needs to see hers?

I don't know.

I'd like to see your breasts.

Can we get a drop of that?

I'd like to see your breasts.

I was so genuine also.

Reggie, you ever seen a woman's breasts?

Man, I want to so badly.

I mean, they're fun.

They're really good.

They only show me one at a time.

Oh, man.

Why is that?

Well, most of the ladies that he dates have insectivies.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

Yeah, busectomies.

Busectomies.

So they're in jars.

You don't see them connected to people.

No, they're like, take it out.

And I'm like, that's completely formless.

Also, the voice of the women you're going out with, did you check it out?

Well, I mean, I wanted to change the voice because you would have gotten it.

Oh, really?

Were you taking Helen Mearon?

Yeah, you would have gotten it.

Check it out.

I'm not going to say it.

That was my Helen.

I've never attempted one.

Can I ask you to do something?

Sure thing.

Can I ask you to do Helen Mearon doing an impression of Glenn Close?

Okay, here we go.

I'm on sandwiches.

Holy shit.

That was a picture of that.

Your face is spot on two.

Yeah, I was insane.

Reggie, where do you have to?

I've been on the show in a long time.

I haven't been on the show.

No, I've been traveling a lot.

Touring, doing the old tour.

Can people expect when they go see a Reggie Watts in concert show?

Tell me now.

They can expect some fun time, something fun to see with popcorn.

Yeah, do you sell popcorn?

You should sell your own.

Have you been to popcorn.com, by the way, Lee?

I have not.

There's a lot of really interesting things going on.

Is this a real thing?

Yeah, yeah.

It's a real thing.

Do you think it's flavors?

All sorts of flavors.

They have a really weird promotional strategy going on right now.

Through the Tim and Eric.

It's like a real popcorn.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Tim and Eric, $1 billion.

We're going to popcorn.com.

Okay.

We're sponsored by popcorn.com too.

So I mean, I try to stop it in.

It seems like you push that really hard in there.

We're also sponsored by Google.

I do.

They don't need your money.

No, we're sponsored by Google.

If you have any, if you need to look up anything online, go to google.com.

It's better than Bing.

And is it better than popcorn.com search engine?

No, no, no, no.

That's like saying who's your favorite child?

Oh, okay.

I mean, popcorn.com has a really interesting search engine where it has to be popcorn related, but you can kind of, there's a workaround where you can kind of make anything popcorn related.

So if I like Google like a Jeremy Lin, if I Google Jeremy Lin on popcorn.com, it would be like, you'd have to, popcorn he likes or something like that.

Well, no, you'd have to get in there for say the stadiums he plays at.

Okay.

Then you can get popcorn.

Then you can lead it into Jeremy Lin.

It's like six degrees of separation.

Yeah, it's kind of, yeah, it's a little bit of a rabbit hole, but once you're in, man, oh, it's so great.

Plus, you know, deals on popcorn.

I mean, I would also suggest going to Google.com because that's sometimes a way to get information, you know, slightly more quickly, you know, but if you have any kind of information you're looking at, it's www.google.com.

Cool.

So, plugs are out of the way.

I mean, not the plugs, of course, but that's at the end.

There's a lot of plugs.

So Reggie, what can people expect?

Well, I mean, I try to mix it up.

I try to do a lot of metaphysical stuff, mostly.

Some cars.

Outside of your body.

Yeah, outside of my body.

More than physical.

Well, I just like, I mean, I think of like, you know, Enya, you know, I mean, like, or Nicole Flo.

Or like Spyra Jaira or David Lons.

I make a lot of humor about that or Pat Mithini Group or the perfect book.

So basically, if people come to see you, you stand on stage and mention bands.

I just mentioned bands the whole time.

Yeah.

I talk about 10 mention a lot too.

Do you make jokes about bands or is it mostly just listing?

No, I just list bands.

Cool.

How long is the concert?

It's usually about an hour or 15.

Geez.

Wow, I would watch that for at least an hour or 20.

I give it five minutes.

Oh, that's really good.

Type 5.

I give it a type 5.

Yeah, but you're of that other generation.

You're right.

You're totally right.

You're always looking down at your phones.

It's like, you know, I've been saying that this generation is like, hey, we have just light shining in our faces all the time from these screens that we, and we, you know, we're bumping into things all the time because we're looking at our phones.

You know?

You should do sign felt.

You should do the new version of sign felt.

It's really good.

Right.

Did you feel it when he was talking?

Totally, totally got it.

I was like, holy crap.

Guys, we got to talk about it.

Do it.

The Oscars last night.

Oh my God.

Could you believe?

That was amazing.

They gave away so many Oscars.

It was insane.

Oh, stop.

I thought they were going to run out of Oscars at one point .

Yeah, but you know what?

They had some more.

Yeah.

They took Rob Williams old one that popped a new plaque on it and they gave it to somebody else.

That's right.

Rob Williams, he was nice and generous about it too.

He was super cool about it.

He was like, I don't deserve this.

He just take it.

He's so cool, man.

Guys, what was your favorite Oscar last night?

Omele.

Oof, Omele was insane.

Loved it.

I loved Oscar Goldman.

He was great from the $6 million man.

Oscar Wilde was great.

Yeah, they both showed up.

Yeah.

With each other.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

They were just arms.

Yeah.

It was great.

Oscar Jamal Warner.

Oh, amazing.

He was so good.

Oscar Mior.

I think if you win an Academy Award, you should have to legally change your name to Oscar.

Really?

So it would be like Oscar Gibson for Braveheart.

Does it have to be first name?

Can you middle name?

Last night.

I think it should be everything but your middle name.

You can't just like, that's kind of a cheat.

So Oscar Pete Oskerson.

Yes.

What happens if your name is Oscar?

Like if Oscar won?

Yeah.

Then, that's the thing.

You should have to die if you ever win an Oscar.

Oh, that's cool.

You become the in-memorium and then you've changed your name to memoriam.

So you always throw your performance.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, exactly.

If your name is Oscar, it's almost like people would not want to win.

They'd want to hire anyone named Oscar anymore because they would pass away.

Do a terrible job.

Yeah, yeah.

They're going to take the fall.

Yeah.

That's horrible.

Yeah, it's terrible.

That is terrible.

But you know what I learned a lot today?

Yeah.

Who was your favorite in-memorium last night?

Oh, God, there's so many to choose from.

I think it was that guy that got just a couple of claps that did DP work.

Oh, yeah.

Loveboat.

He's so good.

So good.

He made that boat.

He just gave it like a soft focus.

You know, that's what he does.

Yeah.

That's what he does.

He pops a half.

I don't want to ever like the DP say like, ah, we need to go for a two pound gopher on this.

They're just making up terms all over the place.

Do you guys want to make up terms with me?

Do you guys want to make up terms?

Yeah.

You guys got it.

What do you say?

All right.

Yeah, I'd love to.

Okay.

So you're lighting me right now.

Okay.

Let's put a three and a half inch ceiling on top of the Montel song.

Yeah.

Okay.

You know what actually I see with light coming right now.

If we get a 50 pound gorilla with six apes on top, I feel like we could probably cover that.

Red, do you have your feeling?

I think we need to take two, two sixes.

Take those apes out for lunch.

We could Hollywood it and then maybe put a star foam cup on top and then double decoupled on the bottom.

I think we need to take those apes to the house of blues and show them some Dan Acryroid action.

Honestly, if you throw them to the Discovery Zone, we probably get a shot through.

So maybe throw a DZ on top and then a Kiel's body wash on the bottom.

Oh, that's good.

Oh, wait.

What did that do to our faces?

What did it just made you, it lights you up a little bit more.

Oh, okay.

Just like one percent.

We did some scrub shots too.

We should do some scrub shots.

We should watch scrubs.

Oh my goodness.

That's not true.

And do shots.

Oh.

You know what I mean?

Do a shot every time someone walks in and says, well, put on your scrubs.

Oh my God.

We would be so de-runked.

Oh my God.

Do they ever have an episode of scrubs where they're like, we gotta get new scrubs, guys.

We gotta get new uniforms for this thing.

And they go like, this is on the seventh season.

Shopping's free.

Blue or green?

I don't know.

There we go.

Winnie the poo.

What do you want?

My sister in law is a nurse.

Who's scrubs.

Stop flogging your sister.

What can they get away with there?

I think you can wear anything as long as it's in the scrubs format.

You know what I mean?

As long as they're like caught.

You can even if it was upside down, pan and grams.

Totally black.

It was like piercing.

666.

So it's prognosis.

It's cool.

Here's your meds.

Well, guys, I would like to have Reggie treat us to a little bit of a song if that's okay.

Is that something that you have prepared to?

It feels really ridiculously good.

Okay.

I would like to do that and then we will take a slight break and when we come back we'll have speaking of songs.

Someone who makes songs.

She has not been on the show in quite a while, maybe two years or so, but I'm excited to talk to her.

I will not say her name until I introduce.

No, you're going to be very excited.

I'll meet her when she comes in.

So Reggie, what do you got?

Do you all set to go here?

Yes.

I am ready for it.

All two years old.

All right.

Comedy bang bang.

This is Reggie Watts.

One, two.

two, three, six!

Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Peter Pat, Hey, what are you doing? Okay, let's do that tomorrow. Okay . Bye. Let's see. We'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang, we are back. This is, of course, the world famous Scott about I'm here with Ben Charts, Reggie Watts and we are just chilling, man.

I hesitate to call this a bro out because there's a woman that's about to come in.

Yeah, there is a woman. So, let's let them in a real sausage party.

We're just like a part with all the guys take other dicks and we're like, now let's fucking have fun. Yeah.

It was the last time you guys have one of those. We should do it, you know, instead of having those bro parties that we've had recently , we should just have a sausage party.

We should just have a sausage party. Oh, it's gonna be good .

Oh, everybody's like, all right, now let's see what your dick looks like.

What if you had a party and you invited a bunch of your friends?

Yeah. Didn't tell like the the E-Vite guest list was closed .

Sure. You didn't tell all your friends that you were just inviting guys.

And then when they got there, there were just plates of sa usages on the table.

Do you think anyone would make the connection?

Would everyone be like, hey, are there any ladies showing up to this party?

I don't know. I guess you have to keep looking through the door.

And every time it's another guy that's more or more confused.

And everyone, meanwhile, is just eating these sausages going, yeah, we wondered that about, well, no, I don't want to tell this or do I want to tell this.

Yeah, you sure. All right. Well, when when we were doing the the old comedy, Death Ray shows, we thought it would be fun to on Fat Tuesday, which just occurred, I think last week, to book a lot of overweight comedians because the show was on Tuesdays.

That's a lot of overweight comedians. And then book one who was just slightly and make them go, hey, wait a minute, like if anyone put two and two together , like make that one person feel really so good. That would be amazing if there was someone that was just a little bit overweight and a lot of his humor is about being overweight. And then you pile him with people that are severely overweight. That never took about me. His comedy would not work at all. He's like, man, I feel so fat. And they're like, no, you don't.

Compared to us, you asshole. Look at me.

You know how loud ass is always be trying to take two seats up in the airplane or whatever, think they get away with coach? Like, yeah, I do know that.

You know what it's like to do three seats, you asshole. Like just have a real fight on stage.

That'd be really funny. All right, guys, let's get to our next guest. I can't believe you got this person here. This is amazing. She hasn't been on the show in a couple of years, but and I've missed her. And she's been off the music scene for quite a while. I mean, wow, yeah, but she's back.

She has a new album. I believe it's called Nocturna, something like that. I can't remember exactly what it is, but you know her as the singer of such songs as Army of me, her debut album debut. Yeah. Please welcome Bjork is here.

Oh my god.

Bjork, welcome back to the show. First off, I'd like to say fuck Anya. Fuck Anya? Anya? Anya? Anya? Yes, I'd rather tell you what's speaking of her.

She'd go fuck herself. Oh my goodness. She's so sorry.

Someone say that she was before you and and kind of one of your predecessors that maybe you should respect. I have taken dumps into the toilet that are more interesting than her songs. I am going to say I did not expect this from Bjork at all. Well, you know, the last time she was on the show, she like this. She kind of got into binge watch. You are over from this short time show. Yes.

Yes. Thank Bjork knows what she's from. And my friend Scott does not. I do know what the house relies, what the roof is made out of.

No, what's the roof made out of? The statement, binge warts has a big dick.

Okay. All right. So you're saying that? That's such a big fan of your work.

Lied? No, I don't like it. I needed a big lie for the roof.

A big lie. Okay. Well, you know what?

I don't like it. Okay. That was great. Nice to meet you, Bj ork, by the way. That is a fact.

What do you think about Faeck? What do you think of Emi Rossum?

She is very cute, but out of Ben's league, if that's what we're getting at. Yeah, I agree.

Are we still talking about lies? There's a real thing. Are we talking about lies? And that's real.

That was true. I see the two of you getting together, not to get back on this, but I see me Bjork. Me? Me? Yeah. No, no. Yeah. And you're awesome.

Fuck that Bjork. You fucking ass. I guarantee if I took you to bed, you'd get demolished.

I would demolish you. I will have an ice troll piss and ice sickle and stop you in your balls.

Stop. Stop. While we're having sex, you'd piss an icicle into my urethra and chill my balls.

No, not yet. I would have an ice troll to it. An ice troll?

She's, you know, she's from Iceland.

She knows all of you. I want to have sex with her. This isn 't so weird. I really want to have sex with her. That's what you're going to do. Anyhow, James. All right, fine. In my dreams. I'm sure you can find a way to get in there. If you're listening, Emmy Ross um, this is the way to win Ben's heart.

Here is. He's a fish. He's a filthy disgusting pig. Oh, come on. If you're listening, Emmy, the one thing you got to know, I'm not Ben for a while. We got his, he's a disgusting person.

He's just like an animal. Oh, man. But you know, you'd enjoy it for one night, maybe.

What made you this way? What's wrong with you? I remember all the times I saw Bjork on TV, she's all nice. Oh, God. Keeping it real. That's the one thing you wouldn't think about Bjork is you look at her and she's like a fairy princess, like an ice queen, and you think she's just a magical pixie, and then she comes in and she has a mouth on her.

You know what I mean? The ice pinch warts is much funnier and nicer than you. The ice pinch warts? Yes, in Iceland, we have our own bitch warts. What does he do? Well, for one, that show we had an NBC never got canceled.

Undercovers is still going. I'm getting shit on. All my shows that failed. A girl that I don't know is going to think that I am obsessed with her. I and the pinch warts, ice pinch warts, pucks and rags, sparks and rags, just spins off into his own. No, he's doing double duty.

Are you kidding me? That is interesting to me that in Iceland there are doppelgangers of how everyone in the world? Probably yes, they have their own the Scott Archim and he, I Scott Archim and died at the age of six. Oh, I love this universe way better. What is the American Bjork like? The American I killed her. Well, what should I get to find her out? You had to find out about it. I can't take her own music. That's not me. You have to in order to become famous here, because otherwise the American Bjork, what age did you kill her?

Right after I broke up with the sugar cubes. Wow, so we're in in 89.90.

Wow, I mean the Icelandic B-52s. That's exactly the love shark.

Shagroof is crying. Chan roof. So cold. I love making 50.

I love the shark, baby. That's my friend. That was a good impression.

All of a psycho, baby. I love the way that. You have a deep voice. Do you guys remember Rock Lobster?

Ah, no. What is Rock Lobster? Yeah, what is it? Is it a Del aysion? Oh, never mind.

Rock Lobster. That's a great song. It's Iceburg Lobster.

Nice land. Wow. How is everything different?

You ask yourself, why do you guys take ice off of everything?

Is your dress made of live bees? Are those all live bees?

Yes.

What is that? Tomorrow Lady Gaga will be wearing a watch.

You think Lady Gaga is biting your style. Of course she is.

Remember, when I dressed up as a swan?

Yeah, you were a swan. Yes, I did. Now she dressed as an egg, which came first.

This swan or the egg? Well, that's impossible to tell.

Actually. Well, I guess I guess the egg. But then they said , how did someone lay the egg?

Yes. That's an Icelandic expression. No, it's an American expression.

No, which came first, the swan or the egg? The chicken or the, it's a very similar one.

We have an American. Okay, what's the same? Fucking.

I can't stand her. I honestly can't stand her. But you are so rock hard right now.

I know because you look at those bees and she just being mean to me.

Maybe you want to fuck bees. You know what it is? I think I want to fuck bees.

Yeah, that's probably what it is. That's so weird. Hey, Bj ork, how do you fit all of the ice doppelgangers in your country? I mean, the world is a big place and you're just a tiny part of it. Are they smaller or what exactly? Have you ever read a wrinkle in time?

Oh, so many times. A wrinkle in time. Have you ever read that young adult book when you're growing up?

No. They show the ant walking on the string and then you bring the string together.

He gets from a to be quicker. Yeah, time travel. That's how time travel works.

He bring that string together. Is that like the Phantom Toll Booth?

Uh-huh. You different book or symbol? Uh, different book.

Okay.

One's called the Phantom Toll Booth and one is called a wr inkle in time.

I see it. I see it now. Do you know how Titanic plates work ?

I'm sorry. Titanic plates are there. No, no, no.

You don't know how they work? Please explain it here.

Don't call me idiots. No, I don't.

Stop saying it like I'm the idiot.

All right, never mind. Do we have to do something too, T onic? Yes, exactly.

Do you know what that means, Red?

Tutonic plates. It has to do with the Titanic class.

Oh, God, God. Come on, Ben. I did.

No, the Tutonic plates, you can learn about those at Hollywood forever.

They have secret tones. Yes, the universes, they are like the plates.

They overlap each other and that's what Iceland is.

That's true. I see. So when you step into Iceland, it's like entering a doorway into time where it's bigger on the inside than it is on the outside.

Yes, but that's exactly what we say about you.

Me personally? No, you did not.

Did not say. Oh, I see.

Okay. What do they say about me in Iceland?

Nothing. You died when you were six.

Oh, that's true.

You fell through the ice.

What do they say?

They're not talking about the American me?

Not at all.

American benchmarks are huge over there.

We're not interested in any Americans.

You have your own culture.

How? Why then did you want to escape Iceland so badly and come over here to America?

To make a lot of money.

Yeah, but can you spend money, American money in Iceland?

You guys just use monopoly money, don't you?

Or don't you like use frozen fish?

Oh, John, was that a fucking joke?

Oh, yeah.

That was pretty funny. I was trying to get a slide.

That did you?

Yeah, what kind of money do you guys use?

I thought it was funny.

Thanks. I mean, ready to do that.

I thought it was intellectually it was funny.

Thanks, buddy.

What kind of content do you use a condom from a little man inside a monopoly hotel?

That condom?

What do you do?

It's all about your own country.

What does that even mean?

No, hold up.

So the size of the person is small enough to stay in a hotel.

Then there has to be a condom that's small enough to sit on .

And one of those hotels, he says, Ron, who didn't think how small that would be?

That's what you buy a condom.

You are a stretching, but that's a stretch.

I get it though.

But that's a lot of thinking for a terrible joke.

It's a lot of pipe delay, but you know.

I fucking hate this woman.

I fucking hate her.

I'm going to throw her into the bed and I'm going to fuck the shit out of her.

I want to fuck those bees.

Amy Ross, and that's what you're in for.

That's so much you hate her.

I wish we could edit this whole thing out.

Have you met Reggie Watts by that you're both musicians?

Yes, he sounds very talented.

You must be influenced by me.

I started the whole weird sound thing.

Yeah, you did start the whole weird sound thing.

Weird album, to be fair.

Weird album.

Well, you'd think so with weird in the time.

Yep.

So, B.R. Klits get to it.

You have a new album out.

I do. It's not quite an album.

But yeah, what's interesting about it is you released it not only as a record, but as an iPad app.

Correct?

Yes, it starts as an app that leads to a website.

Wow.

So why not just release the website?

Shut up.

Yep.

That leads back to the app.

Oh.

Hey.

Oh, there's the twist.

Oh.

The list then becomes a map.

Right?

Oh, a map.

Oh.

That fits.

That fits in your app.

Oh, god.

This is going to get terrible.

A lap map.

Keep going.

Wait, keep going.

I'm going to get.

It takes you to another website.

Right.

Where it plays a viral video.

A dangerously viral video.

Wait, is it a comedy viral video?

Is it a...

It's dangerous, you find one.

Dainously viral.

Okay.

So it's all already viral.

And that takes you back to the app.

Explains how to get back to the app.

Okay.

And then we're back to the app.

And then the app plays a song.

So why not just give you an P3?

It's not my song yet.

What's so, god.

That's it.

Wait for my question.

It's a terrible song.

That question is my question.

Just asking how to come up again when you're done with this long.

Rube Goldberg device.

Wait, it's a terrible song he says?

It's a terrible song.

Why include it in your app?

When?

Which, which band?

I don't even know them.

But then if you listen to the lyrics, it takes you to an app.

So we'll go back to the app.

Wait, who's app?

Angry Birds.

Oh my god.

That's so great.

Oh, the Fins.

And if you listen to the Angry Birds, they take you to my new song.

Wait, so the Angry Birds, while you're playing them, are they whisper to you and they do it.

Yes.

Oh, okay.

The Angry Birds kind of sound like Bjork if you think about it.

Oh, okay.

All right.

So wait.

So then it plays your new song.

The Angry Birds, when they shit, that's what you sound like.

You know what?

I honestly can't stand her.

I don't want to deal with her.

She's an asshole.

You sound like Angry Birds shit.

Stop it.

I honestly like this.

Come on, Jarrick, come on.

What do you want me to do?

How am I supposed to react?

Dan, I need you to take it down.

I want to kiss you.

I want to kiss you so bad.

Do you want to hear the song that plays on that?

Well, yeah, why don't we just start there?

Let's just hear the song.

Yeah.

So just skip the first 10 steps and go out to something.

Oh, that's so good.

Here we go.

Sounds good.

That's my finger.

Starting on my clip.

Ready?

I change our favorite pitch and it's bringing me to our castle.

Finally, I can come.

Oh, by myself.

Go ahead and add one more finger.

That leaves three to spare.

What?

Fingers of my hand.

Remind me of me.

Keep me thinking that I could have used more fingers.

Fingers of my hand.

Please, please.

But at least I can't help feeling that I could have used them.

Oh, no.

Wait a minute.

Wrong thing to do.

Oh, wait.

No, God.

Come on.

You're in use two fingers.

In my pussy.

Stop it.

You're not going to be able to do that.

Not that I played with it.

No.

Actually, because I could have used them all.

No, you're all right.

No.

Rolling in the deep.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm my pussy.

I could have used it least more.

You're the view.

Inside my pussy.

Yeah.

And I played with it to beat.

No, Bjork.

I could have used them all.

You can't start again.

And pussy.

Here we go.

So only you two are still here.

That's more fun.

Both hands.

Yeah.

Up, Bjork.

Come on.

Oh, no.

No.

Clap.

No.

Reggie and I both say no.

No.

Don't clap.

No.

First of all.

That was good.

I got teeth.

First of all, just because my songs tell a story.

Okay.

First of all, let's put aside the incredibly offensive lyrics.

All right.

And let's just go to my number one complaint is that's an Adele song.

It is.

Rolling in the deep is an Adele.

When does Adele ever talk about fingering or pussy?

No.

I mean, sure.

Anyone can change the lyrics.

Not anyone.

Malotically it is.

I mean, weird Al can.

Definitely.

And he's the forefather of this kind of weird music.

I did.

I stole my song.

Really?

No.

He used to be there.

That's categorically untrue.

That is categorically untrue.

She was changed.

Why would you do that?

She must have a time machine or something.

What?

Came to the future.

She saw an interesting song.

Did she went to the future?

Which is now.

What's the future which is now?

And stole my song.

And went back to about a year ago and recorded a boring song.

No.

That's a song even mean.

Rolling in the deep.

My makes sense.

Rolling in the deep of my...

Pussy, right.

Oh, no, no.

What's the second song?

Secondly, your song sounds...

I didn't know that sounds kind of like a Robert Smith cure.

It did.

I was just going to say that.

I was going to say it's maybe the glove maybe.

A little bit.

The glove.

Yeah, that's a deep one.

Remember that?

That's a good pun.

What was her name?

Who?

Susie and the band?

She's Susie Sue.

Well, she was in it, but who was the singer of the glove?

Sue, Sue, Sue, Sue, Sue.

Oh, it was Susie Sue and Robert Smith.

No, I think there was one other person.

Really?

Yeah, who sang the song.

Are they human?

Yeah.

One other name?

Yeah, it was Claire Danes.

Yeah.

This is right before my so-called life.

Yeah.

Oh, the Great Claire Danes.

Yeah.

The Great Claire Danes.

She got graded by Dane.

That's true.

But Taylor Dane.

By Great Dane.

Ooh!

Marmaduke was her father.

A lot of people don't know that.

Take that to the stage of CBB.

Marmaduke is great, by the way.

No, no.

No, the movie, Marmad...

And seriously, like, a lot of people...

Like, this is a comedy show, but...

And a lot of people look down on that movie, but that...

You should.

That movie seriously was really good.

It tells a good tale.

Yeah, seriously, and honestly, like, a lot of people hearing others are growing.

Marmaduke, really?

Check it out on video that actually was really good.

Scott, but all the love video.

Ice, Ice Mama Cook is just now being released in Iceland.

Oh, how's it doing?

It's just now being released, asshole.

I can't fucking stand her, Scott.

What do you want me to do?

I'm trying to be nice.

She kills me with that great song.

I can't still...

I want to rip her off.

She's now released.

How am I supposed to know how it's doing?

Because that means it was just released.

Do you know that how the weekend box office go?

It's sad to tell you how it's going.

You're a bioreth.

You know what?

Our deadline tells us right now that the vow is doing great or whatever it is this weekend.

How do you keep those bees in that dress shape, by the way?

Looks like they obey you.

You have to keep a harmonic convergence around you.

In the shape of a dress.

Yes.

Oh, that's...

Like a magnetic field, electromagnetic field, this sort of thing.

I am emitting a harmony, a melody that you...

A low melody you cannot hear, but the bees can.

I've heard that a lot of bees are dying, that they're almost going extinct.

Is that due to you making dresses?

I think it's because of the dress.

Yes.

Icelandic dress factories.

Bee dresses are very common.

Oh, I think I saw one of those bees move.

I think I saw a nipple there for a second.

What does it look like?

Really disgusting.

By the way, you have 100,000 bites all over your body.

The biggest problem with your body.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Your body just riddles...

You're still into it.

Man, I can't wait if I just want to know to touch them all.

It's like nipples all over my body.

I know I'm into that.

So if Emmy Rossum were to treat you like shit and happy...

Can we stop with Emmy Rossum?

...and her face.

...cute with Emmy Rossum.

...over her body.

It was...

I think any other woman actually don't.

I'm afraid you're picking actual girl I dated, and this would be the worst.

Don't, please.

Did you hear what the foundation of the House of Lies is made out of?

Oh, wait, I know what the room is.

I do not want to know...

Look at me, Bjork!

I do not want to know the foundation.

The foundation is...

Binch or Scott Lane this year.

Really?

Bjork, you don't think I've had sex in 2012?

I don't know.

Had to get real strong, huge, huge immense life to build a company.

Oh, God.

Come home with me.

Run away with me.

Where do you want to go?

I want to go with you to the bottom of the ocean and leave you there.

Come on, Bjork.

Oh, that's so sweet.

Why do you hate Binch?

You aren't so much.

I have no idea.

Is it just like something on site?

You just disliked it right in the game?

By the way, this Bjork always hates me anywhere.

Binch, Bjork hates me everywhere.

Doesn't matter what podcast I'm on.

I want to put you in a confrontation sirenary.

No, no, no, let's push on.

Let's push the...

Let's say that you're in an airport and in an airport with your baby.

And the paparazzi surrounds you.

What do you do?

You're a baby.

What do you do, Binch?

Is it time for plugs?

No, yeah, no.

You know what I would love to hear Reggie and Bjork do a collab.

I would love that.

Let's do that.

I could do a beat.

Yeah, why don't you lay down a beat and we'll see what Bj ork does.

I have no song calls.

How to work a ladder.

How to work a ladder?

Yes.

Can we do a beat for that or you need to do your own?

Exactly.

Okay, you work in primarily in the electronica field Bjork, so this will be kind of an interesting flag range.

It'd be perfect, no?

I was going to say a Aperpo, but perfect.

Oh, Applepo.

Nice one. Edgar Allan Applepo.

Yeah, I love that.

Park the Raven, never more.

That's right.

Spoke it.

Yummy, yummy.

Apples.

Once upon a midnight apple.

Yummer's guys.

All right, this is Reggie Watson Bjork doing a collab.

Let's tempo.

Any tempo, man.

You just lay it down.

York, that's how good she is.

It's kind of slow, man.

Kind of slow though.

What tempo?

Kind of slow.

What tempo?

Anything.

Kind of slow.

Okay, here we go.

Stand by.

There's any body.

Reggie Watt.

This is called proper setup.

Danger.

Metal conducts electricity.

Be careful.

Using near electricity as shock can occur.

Proper, climbing, and use.

Do not over-reach.

You may lose your balance and flip the ladder.

Always face the ladder and maintain a firm grip.

York had 16 pages in front of her.

Never walk a bounce or move the ladder.

No.

Oh my god.

The fuse close.

I've been doing this one, man.

Really?

Re-instructions for a ladder.

Are you not listening?

I've never heard these sections for a ladder.

All I ever get, I get a ladder put in front of me, and I use it.

I never have heard the instructions.

Windy conditions require extra caution.

Come on.

Someone stop this.

Stop it.

If Reggie do not use in any components, not supplied or approved by manufacturer, the ladder.

Always keep the ladder clean for materials.

Never stop material.

York can't handle it.

Oh, additional care and use.

Safety instructions contact your employer, dealer, a manufacturer of the ladder.

The end.

You're terrible.

Wow.

That is a hit.

A hit where?

I've heard it.

What country?

Iceland.

Oh, fine.

I'll give you that.

I spin shorts with like it.

That's why I don't like you.

I spin shorts as an open mind, and that's why he's such a hit.

I spin shorts to me like, you know, he's just more of an easy going guy.

That's why undercover is still on the air.

Ice undercover is still around the race.

I'm the reason undercover has failed here?

Yeah, because like you were so uptight.

Oh, guys, this is making me feel terrible.

What about ice vanilla ice?

What's going on with him?

What was his song?

He's actually a chocolate fire.

So chocolate fire, baby?

It was chocolate fire, baby.

Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.

Chocolate chocolate fire.

Baby.

That was a great collab.

Reddy, what did you think of that?

I thought it was great.

I love, I love, uh, collaborating and it's great.

That's collaborating with celebrities.

Collabs.

So collaborative.

Collabs.

That's great, dude.

Yeah.

That's how Iceland has so many people that collapse and br ates upon itself.

Oh, yeah.

I can see that.

Collaboration.

All right, guys.

Well, why don't we hear another song by Reggie and then take a break.

What do you say?

You got something else?

It's a mini-a break.

Can ya break?

Break me off the beat so that kids get by.

I just kiss her.

Nice.

Keep mending.

I'll see you there.

No, please go.

Ding.

All right.

Here we go.

Reggie Watts, the great Reggie Watts.

You can see him coming up on the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

Can you see me?

I have to see you soon.

I'm already digging this one.

Okay.

Hey.

My jaleen.

What do you call that one, Reggie?

I call that Journey to Suda Vrika.

That's great.

Ah, I love it.

I felt like I was watching The Lion King.

That to me, that is the quintessential African experience.

Yeah.

What happens in The Lion King?

All right.

Let's take a little break.

We'll be right back with some comedy.

Bang, bang, bang.

Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.

Welcome back to the show.

We're here with my bros.

It's kind of a sausage party plus Bjork.

Sausage part.

Oh, by the way, I think broke his penis.

No?

Oh, definitely.

Yeah.

I saw one of the bees move and I saw something going down there.

My clit is bigger than your penis.

Never mind.

I shouldn't have even started talking to her.

How dare you?

I shouldn't have even started talking to her.

Ah, we're here with Ben Schwartz, Reggie Watts, Bjork, of course.

Bjork, what else is on going on in the news?

Anything going on?

Yes.

Why would you ask Bjork what's going on in the news?

I don't know.

You're two Americans next to you.

And one person that's wearing a uniform made of bees and sang a song about fingering a real pussy.

This is what you know what's going on.

I would like to thank Shaneido Kamer.

Oh, OK.

Give you a heart about her.

Yeah.

She just recently got married and looked for some crack on her honeymoon.

Yes, yes.

I would like to thank her for being even crazier than I am.

Come on.

And so I'm not the craziest woman in music.

I thought you wanted that distinction to be the craziest.

I want to be weird and I'm crazy.

Oh, OK.

Can I just want to ask Bjork two questions?

Ready?

Just two quick questions.

OK.

Two off the top.

You go.

This is a segment called Two Off the Top.

It's called Two Off the Benswords.

Anytime on the show on the top.

Two off the top.

As long as I get to Confirmation.

No.

No, no, no.

I've done that enough with you, Bjork.

All right.

Listen what it is.

You go into a deli, Bjork.

OK.

You go into a deli and it has all the things that a deli has.

Oh, Jews.

They get no, not Jews.

I mean, this one does.

You got lucky.

You're a tourist deli.

It's not a real deli.

All right, it is.

Fine.

There's Jewish people.

And they're all eating kamintasch and they'll think, Rabbi.

I love Jesus.

Just.

Oh, am I allowed to do my two?

What did you do?

Two off the top.

You go in there and the guy goes, hey, I guess his Jewish goes, hey, what would you like?

What sandwich does Bjork get at a Jewish deli?

Pold Bjork.

I'll go on to my next question, I guess.

You're not taking this seriously, Bjork.

My next question is as follows.

What an asshole.

You've never tried.

No, it's not real.

It's not real.

You just tried to a pun on pork and it was the worst thing I've ever heard.

Bjork.

You said it was.

You should really recid, Bjork.

Two off the top.

Number two.

Red, you gave me number two.

You had a perfect insurance.

And you rescind your improv card.

What if you were to fly any kind of aircraft?

What kind of an aircraft would you fly?

Thank you, Reggie.

Finally.

Wonder Woman's invisible jet.

Ooh, yeah, I'd like to say the answer.

Why?

Actually, she does park it in Iceland.

Oh, I wonder where it went to.

It's because you can't see it when it's on the ice and in the white.

It's next to those glaciers.

Can't you not see it in general?

You're going to kind of see it in the ice.

It's yeah, if you look at it with the right prism, just, you know, in your eye, like especially when it flies through a rainbow, you can see the plane.

So the only way you can see a plane is it flies through a rainbow.

Because then it's like Pink Floyd, Dark Side of the Moon.

It just like lets out that green rainbow.

Remember that Simpsons episode where it was, uh, instead of Night Rider, it was Speedboat or whatever.

It was boat or whatever.

I've never seen that show.

I don't remember that.

Really?

I remember Street Hockey and Air Wolf.

Canal?

There's always a canal?

I hear that show's good.

Would you recommend it?

It's been on for 500 episodes.

You've never seen the show?

You'd recommend it then?

Remote for comedy shows.

I would recommend it.

Yes.

I would recommend it.

Man, I've never been this agitated on anything.

I've done maybe a hundred podcasts in this exact room and I 've never been this agitated.

Bjork, stop bragging.

I'm not bragging.

Humblebrag.

How is that a humble brag?

I don't know.

Well, like a humble brag, no I'm saying.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

My member for 20, bro!

For 20!

I'm so high.

I'd like to be a punk.

Bienvencish.

Oh, that's a lot.

Seriously, we get this.

I'm not going to cheese barbecue.

Bopio.

You should have to go back to UCB and take all your classes again.

Let's take all your classes.

What is Icelandic-upread citizens brigade like?

Yeah.

I perform there every, at least last week for the best decade.

Is it anything like the one here in America?

It's just called Improv and then Faith.

Oh.

All right.

That's a credit that you would hate that you said that, by the way.

All right, guys, it is time for a little segment on this show.

I like to call it a little something called Would You Rather?

We got a remix going to this, Reggie.

Troll Army.

This is a fever dream.

This entire podcast is a fever dream for me.

Every second of this.

Not enough remixes just add competing horns.

What happened?

Competing horns.

It's Steve.

All right.

It's time to play Would You Rather.

Bjork, you're going to be on guitar for this one.

Is that correct?

Oh, sure.

Whatever it takes.

We all know how this is played.

People send us, would you rather scenarios to our Twitter at CBB-WIR.

Comedy Bang Bang, would you rather?

And I read them on the show and I will read them out loud.

I will open the floor for questions.

You will ask me any question about either of the scenarios in order to help you narrow down your choice.

I will then close the floor for questions.

We will all say our choices and I will assign the winner based on the points that you have accrued.

All right.

That's pretty clear.

Let us go to our question.

This is sent to us by Danbury Shakes.

Danbury Shakes asks, would you rather never use any recept acle ever again?

Bag, bowl, glass, pocket, etc.

Or uncontrollably salivate pudding.

Would you rather never use any receptacle, bag, bowl, glass , pocket, etc.

Ever again, or uncontrollably salivate pudding.

I am opening the floor for questions.

Here we go.

What?

That is not a question.

Can you answer that?

Yes, answer that.

What?

Answer that.

I can't answer that.

Yes.

Why?

When you win.

Oh, Bjork.

Yes.

The floor recognizes Bjork.

Where am I living?

Because in this scenario, because in Iceland we don't have receptacles and names.

Because you only need that.

The things are liquid.

Oh, so everything freezes.

Ice.

So it can be on a plate.

Oh, so we're just on the floor of the table.

You know what I mean?

Well, where would you throw something out?

Or where would you put your change, your iPhone?

Or your ice phone rather?

Oh, wow.

You put your phone in a bowl?

He said pockets.

It's a receptacle.

Yeah, pocket.

Yeah, anything.

Anything that holds anything else.

You don't.

You put it up to your mouth and talk to someone.

Come on.

Where's your phone right now, Bjork?

There's no pockets of the bee thing.

It's in your hair.

I guess hair would be, it would not count as a receptacle.

We carry things in our hair like the Harlem Globetrotters and Reggie.

Yeah, I think that would be interesting to sort of, if you didn't have receptacles anymore, you would have to braid your hair into like, coin purses and stuff like that.

I guess, you know, maybe there'd be a substitute.

Maybe you'd have to sew stuff on your arms and stuff like that.

Maybe you would keep stuff in your butthole too.

Why are you every time I'm here.

Meters receptacle.

Let's ask Ben.

Sure.

Now my question is as well.

Oh wait, about the butthole thing?

Bjork, how much do you carry in your butthole?

I don't carry anything in my butthole.

What amount of semen do you carry in your butthole?

Zero on my heterosexual male.

That doesn't- And then nothing?

And it could be your own.

There's absolutely nothing wrong with it.

It could have been your own as homophobic.

Yeah, come on, man.

It could have been what I've had.

It sounds like you have the problem here.

Oh god.

Why do you immediately have to go there?

You're right, I apologize.

I'm asking you how much of your own semen you carry in your butthole.

I mean, it's honestly, I'm pretty sure zero percent.

What if though- Prove it!

What if- Prove it!

How am I gonna go to bed though?

What if you're dating Emmy Rossum?

She says, Hey man, I need to get pregnant.

And you can go, Hey, I got some extra semen right here in my butthole.

How fucked into your pussy?

I've never seen Scott laughs so hard in my life.

I've never seen Scott laughs hard as Mark the date.

When Bjork said, I'll fart into your pussy is what Scott Ockerman laughed later than he's allowed to- No, I was soft-sparked for that.

He's really- He's red!

For those two words.

When Ben Schwartz says, I'll fart into your pussy to Emmy Rossum.

Put him together.

That's literally the last thing you've never been so into.

Ah, enjoyed that.

That's really cool.

Alright, where are we in the game?

How many points do we have?

Okay, my question is- When you're doing this pudding, is it a ton of pudding?

How much pudding is coming out of your pores?

Okay, that is a great question.

Do you know those six packs of Jell-O pudding?

Yeah, it's about that amount.

Out of every pour.

That's about how much semen is in Ben's household.

I hate Bjork.

I hate Bjork and I'm tired ever.

I hate six pack!

Oh god.

So yeah, so anytime- What is it anytime?

You uncontrollably salivated.

So- Alright, I would have to go with receptacles.

That's just coming out of your mouth.

But that- You know how freeing that is?

I won't vote yet.

You know how freeing that is?

Or not having any receptacles?

Nothing that you won't have to hold anything.

Yeah, you know, it's almost like that frees you.

It's like the people who have houses where nothing is in them.

What about this?

What happens if I like take- Let's say I have my iPhone, but I put like a rubber band around my arm and put the iPhone on there.

That's a long- Yes, that's not a receptacle.

I'm fine.

Alright, I kind of know my answer now.

Okay, so Reggie, you have a question?

I think I have a similar answer question.

Can you- If you don't have access to receptacles, can you use the ground?

To put your stuff in?

Yeah, definitely.

But you can use a pond to be receptacle?

No, a pond would be a receptacle, but you can bury things around your yard or just- If you cover it.

It's just- Yeah.

You have to cover it so it's flat.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, it's a receptacle.

Count is a receptacle if it's covered, if it's sealed.

That's a great question.

Tupperware?

Yes, of course that's a receptacle, but a hole in the ground, if you make it perfectly flat, you are- But how about this?

What happens if it's Tupperware filled to the brim with macaroni salad?

Oh.

That's such a good question.

You know what?

I will allow it just in that one instance.

Tupperware filled to the brim with macaroni salad.

Wait, what kind of macaroni salad?

I'm speaking of macaroni salad.

Oh, okay.

Here we go.

Okay.

Is a condomerisceptacle?

Wait, stop, before you answer this.

This won't end with a bench warrant, Joe Grillett.

Will this end with a bench warrant, Joe Grillett?

Yeah, yeah.

Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Yes, no.

What do you want me to say to set up your joke?

No, Scott.

No.

What do you got?

Yes.

Yes, it is.

Everybody's laughing.

I've never seen- Your clap this much.

Anytime your fucks with me, she laughs so much.

She loves fucking with me.

Never mind.

Come on, Gilda.

Get it back.

Get it back, Gilda.

All right, who has another question about it?

So in one instance, you never have receptacles, but you can bury things on the ground.

You can have rubber bands, but you run the risk of tying off blood circulation to your body.

I make it soft.

You can get green sets in.

You make it soft, really?

Yeah, I'd make the rubber band.

I'd put Bjork anything for that.

Nope.

Ben's going to make it soft.

It's always soft anyway.

Okay.

There we go.

No, I feel like I'm just all upping Bjork.

Hey, I'm just setting him up.

Or her.

So on the one hand, you have no receptacles, but you're allowed to bury stuff.

On the other hand, you have about a six pack of pudding coming out of your mouth.

No.

Out of one pour, you said.

Out of each pour in your tongue?

I guess.

Do you touch that?

I guess.

Yeah, they have- Taste it.

What do they call it?

They have like- Yeah, where do you use it?

It's nodules.

From where do you- Does one salivate?

This show- I'd like it to be as informational- The salivate.

As in your salivate glands.

Six, a crease, a gland.

So glads, from every gland, that's what I mean to say.

Now put on- I'm pretty certain Bjork has a different answer for me.

Where do I salivate, Bjork?

Bjork, I'm sure Bjork has something different.

Where do you got Bjork?

You salivate into your own palms to jack off every night.

There you go.

See, I mean, I'm sure I do.

I'm sure I do.

So maybe it would help you out, because you'd have like a six pack of pudding.

No, I know my answer, Scott.

I know my answer.

Six pack of pudding to help you jack off every night.

Remember the highlight when someone farted into someone's pussy?

We're never going to achieve that kind of- No, that's like- That's like a monster.

That's like a monster.

Yeah.

Any other questions?

To help you narrow down your trip, there's a lot of stuff out there.

Bjork, I noticed you have a quizzical look on your face.

Anything else?

I think I'm good.

I know it's good.

Everyone is good.

I'm ready.

I mean, I can ask funny questions.

No, I already decided.

I'm decided.

You've decided really early.

Well, I'm going to have to docu-points.

What?

Jamso, sorry.

You decided way too early.

Can you peer me points?

I like that.

I'm going to docu- That's a lot.

Negative three points, Reggie.

Oh, no.

He wrote it down also.

He actually wrote it down.

Just side two.

Come and keep bing-bing.

All right, so I'm closing the floor for questions.

We're all going to vote.

I'm going to go to bench for its first.

My vote is going to be receptacles.

I would choose to have no receptacle.

Really, and why is that?

Because I think to not be able to control how much I saliv ate and also for it to be chocolate pudding.

Although, honestly, if let's say you were a starving person in some sort of country that didn't have food, that would be a way for you to get- Unless you're not- You could feed the world- Right.

But- Yeah, you're salivary glands.

Right, but that's it.

We should ask more questions.

Yeah, you should have asked more questions.

We should ask more questions.

I'm sorry, I'm going to have to docu- points for not asking questions.

Decku-doc, Reg, points is enemy.

Yeah, I'll doc Reggie six more points.

Hey, that's not cool.

I'm going to go receptacles.

We're all allowed to switch a certain amount of points over .

Yeah, I'll convert.

So we need to ask.

Yeah, we just ask.

He- Yeah, all you have to do is ask.

So he moved those negative six over to you, Reggie.

Okay.

All right, Reggie, how do you like to vote?

I'm going to vote receptacles.

And why is that?

Even though you could feed the world- Just Seattle.

Yeah, just because I just, you know, I've had enough experience with receptacles.

Like I know what that's like, so I have that memory.

You know, I'm not going to miss anything.

You're not going to miss them, really.

You don't enjoy drinking your water out of a bottle or a glass?

I think it's cool, you know, but it's a novelty.

You realize now that you're going to have to drink water, you're going to have to find like palm fronds that have do on them.

And- Oh my goodness, how do you think about that?

Yeah, you haven't thought about this in the least.

What about a waterfall?

Oh, do you live by a waterfall?

Oh, but he could have a water fountain and that'll do it.

Yeah.

Without the bowl.

No, no, but see, that's the thing.

You can't collect water into a fountain.

So you won't be able to drink any- No, you got to go chasing waterfalls, TLC style.

Don't go chasing waterfalls.

Honestly, just stick to the rivers and waterfalls too.

You know, you're going to have to drink out of streams and ponds.

You guys have not thought this through.

No, I haven't.

I got to say.

You're not only are you not able to drink water anymore, but in the opposite scenario, you would have ended world hunger.

So- Ben, I'm afraid- But what happens if I turn something into a receptacle?

No, I'm sorry.

What happens if I soak something in water?

Nah.

The one thing you're able to do is you're able to cut little pockets of flesh out of your arm- Oh, God.

And collect water in those.

And if you can drink it before it heals up again.

What about a six-packo pudding?

Six pack of those- Show me every time.

What if you had a piece of flat sheet metal?

You can cut what?

You can cut little pieces and pockets out of your flesh- And distort stuff in- And you should do that, then you would have something to fuck.

Oh, come on.

So, Reggie, you voted incorrectly.

I'm going to have to dock you 15 points, but you can move any of those over.

You can transfer four of those.

Four of those.

Oh, it's a schwats.

Okay, so you have a negative four- Which leaves you at a negative 20 right now?

That makes me better.

Okay.

That makes me a better person.

And I have a negative four?

Yeah, you're a negative four.

All right, Bjork, how do you like to vote?

Well, since we don't have containers in this land, and I figure if I'm salivating the pudding, I'll just follow up in around and let the pudding go into his asshole, which is so used to having- It's so much.

So lab is hard.

What's wrong with you?

You're encouraging her.

Look at you.

You're a child.

I know.

I can't help it.

It's been a long day of- Or a long week of work, and I just like to hear a nice farting into a pussy joke.

Is that so wrong?

Good old person.

That's the fart.

It's been 14 hours a day.

It's been a long week of work.

Let me have it.

I just really want to enjoy a good farting into a pudding.

Come on.

Or a pussy farted asshole.

Give me it.

Finish your thought Bjork done.

Oh, that I did.

Oh, okay, great.

So great.

Now you are salivating frozen pudding though.

Is that all right?

Oh, that's true.

Which is even better.

Really?

And why is that?

It's not harder though.

Yeah, it's just thought of your shoulder.

Oh, God.

The fireman style?

Yes.

So anytime you salivate pudding, you just throw it over your shoulder like a fireman.

Yes.

And you just wander down the street and then- Oh, I'm not.

Find Ben Schwartz and then- Oh, God.

All right, so Bjork, you get 25 points for guessing the right answer.

Do you want to redistribute those in any manner?

I'd like to use my points to buy the right to use my pulled - to be like a pumpkin.

All right, I will grant you that.

You have one more pull- Bjork.

Here we go.

That's it.

One more for the end of the show.

And I'm not going to tell you when the show is ending.

If you have not used it- Why?

Wait, why is that?

What you should peer him some points.

So great.

Let that pulled me on.

Isn't it?

What?

A puff-punch.

Yeah, but one's a great pun.

One's a big pun.

Oh.

All right, so let me tally up the points here.

Reggie, you're way behind with negative 20 points.

I'm leading.

No, I'm so sorry.

You're in third place with negative 20.

Ben, you have negative four points.

Thank you.

You're in second place, but Bjork, you have zero points.

So you are the winner with zero points.

Bjork.

Fantastic.

And that is how we play, would you rather?

That was competitive, guys.

That was a really good one.

All right, well, I'm not going to tell you when the show is about to end, but I will say that we were about to do one of our final features.

It is plugs.

So plugs.

Oh, okay.

Really good.

Beautiful harmony.

That's a bit of harmony.

Yeah.

You can hear the implied harmony.

It's great.

It's a good song for the production.

Please, I will fall for you from level ground perspective.

Stop singing up with your remix.

Stop singing the latter song.

How long is this?

I think it's almost done.

Hey Ben, the song is on.

Bjork, the song is on.

Ben, you should use, take one of the plugs and put it in your bottle.

Swell, the semen and pudding doesn't seep out in one of your parts.

All right.

That was by Clay.

That was CBB plugs.

Song number three.

This will be my last comedy.

No, come on.

This will be the last one.

Come on, man.

Don't say that.

Stop it up.

Don't ask one today.

Come on, man.

Stop it up.

I'll be using that plug.

Stop up your pudding.

See me.

Yeah, to get them a special chance.

All right, guys.

It is time for plugs.

We know how this works.

It comes at the end of the show and you're now allowed to talk about anything and everything.

Ben, what do you have to plug?

Sundays at 10 p.m.

Shameless.

No, it's called House of Lies.

10 p.m.

And then.

And you're awesome.

Watch it.

And you're awesome is on the show right before us, which gets great ratings and is really good.

And then what else?

Reject2jokes.com and Reject2JokesForTwitter.

Mm-hmm.

What about your book?

It just came out with a book.

You gave me a copy of it.

I loved it.

I did.

Do you like it?

Yeah, I loved it.

I have a book called Maybe Your Leg Will Grow Back, Looking on the Bright Side with Baby Animals.

It is another book in the series of the ones that would be Grandma's Dead, Breaking Man.

News of Baby Animals, which sold 100,000 copies.

I loved it.

Jeez.

They were so good.

It reminded me of stuff that I used to do when I was 15.

I think we have this conversation.

I used to do 15.

Oh, yes, yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Reggie Watts, what do you have to plug?

I have a Comedy Central DVD CD special coming out.

When is that coming out?

It's spring and it's called A Live in Central Park.

I saw a little bit of it the other day.

It's groundbreaking.

It's really groundbreaking.

Yeah, that's coming out.

I'm doing a tour.

I'm doing a TV show called Comedy Bang Bang.

Yeah, I love that show.

It's a TV version of this.

It's pretty exactly like what you just experienced.

Yeah, yeah.

So if you like this episode, it'll be exactly the same.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, that's it.

That's all I have.

I saw Reggie open for Conan.

He was awesome.

The crowd went nuts for him and he was great.

People go nuts when so if you haven't heard his Comedy yet, you should check it out.

It's really interesting and funny and great.

Thank you.

I want to plug South by Southwest.

We're going to do some shows.

Oh, yeah.

So be so.

South by Southwest.

On the schedule right now, Saturday, March 10th, we have a stand up show that I'll be hosting.

Sunday, March 11th, we're going to do a live version of this podcast.

Who's on it?

I cannot say at this point.

Then Monday, the 12th, those two shows are for Badj holders , by the way.

Then Monday, the 12th, we're doing an IFC sponsored show at the IFC House over Advice.

And we're going to do a sort of a live version of the TV show.

When we're going to show clips and we're going to, Reggie, you're going to be there and we're going to have guests.

And that's going to be a really special show.

I don't think that's for Badj holders.

I think that's for anyone really who gets there early enough.

What's a Badj holder?

South by Southwest.

Oh, Badj holder.

They're a Badj holder.

I thought you had a Badj holder.

You have a Badj holder.

Then you're going to have a Badj holder.

Anyone can get in.

I don't know what the hell is happening.

I heard you could get in with a Badj holder.

Can I get in?

Oh, God.

I'm going to have to use another 25 points for you for that one.

You got it.

You're no longer the winner.

Ben shorts, you're our winner with negative four.

Congratulations.

What do I get for winning?

You get to spend your points.

That's it.

That's four points.

That's four points worth.

Ah.

All right, Bjork, what do you have to plug?

If you go to my app, it will take you to Acme at Besser on Twitter.

And that'll take you to mattbesser.com, which will give you info about improv for humans, which is a podcast.

That's a great podcast.

Right here on this very network.

Improf for humans, even bitch.

What is on doing confrontation corners sometimes?

I've done it.

And let me tell you honestly, anytime I do it, Matt Besser, who he's talking about always makes me feel awkward and puts me in the confrontational spot.

I hate being confrontations.

That's a great show, though.

I have to say, I give that the comedy bang bang seal of approval.

That's a fantastic show.

It's mattbesser.

One of the greatest improvisers in the world, improvising with other improvisers doing it.

The kind of punstages in the world.

Nah, I wouldn't say punsters.

No, definitely one of the greatest improvisers.

Definitely.

And paved the way for a lot of us improvisers, absolutely.

Yeah, and it's really, really funny.

If you like this show, you would like that show a lot.

Anything else to plug, Bjork?

I think that's it.

All right, well, let's close up the old plug bag.

All right, guys.

That'll sound effective for that.

You made such a big deal out of that.

That's the first time I've ever said it.

I'll do it.

Okay, let's close up the old plug bag.

No, that's plugs.

You are an amazing, by the way, we talked last time you were on about all the foli artists.

I'm very good.

You guys name anything.

I can nail that.

Yeah, name anything for Ben.

I can foli anything, right?

See Eagle.

See Eagle?

All right, say, give me a line.

Look at that seagull.

Oh, look at that seagull.

All right, all right, it's me.

It's a beef?

It's me.

Oh, it's a gorg.

You're a what do you want me to foli?

A shit gargler.

A shit gargler?

Gargler.

Do you really want me to do that?

I think he's implying it.

A time here.

That's not going to be much of a stretch for you.

Like the beef a bag.

All right, close enough the old plug bag.

Now that's a bag.

All right, guys, this has been a great show.

Reggie, are you set to take us out here?

Yeah, yes, sir.

I'll see you again tomorrow when we start shooting again.

Yes.

Yes, otherwise I'll see you at South by Southwest.

And this has been a great show.

I want to thank my guests.

I want to thank Ben Schwartz.

I want to thank Reggie Watts.

I want to thank Bjork.

And we will see you next week.

And this is a little Reggie Watts taking us out.

Reggie, take us out.

Thanks for watching.

Thank you.

Belka!

As this live here, right here, where we is.

Belka!

Zero foundation!

Belka!

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockermann.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio boom.com.

Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh! The wolf dead.
