---
layout: page
title: 147. Paul F. Tompkins,Greg Proops,James Adomian [11907⧸21031].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

One of America's finest comics, Greg Proops is here for the entire program as well as two old favorites to the show.

They've been here before, they drove all the way up from Mexico.

Who is it? Find out today, all of that and more on today's!

♪♪♪ The pancakes are living inside you. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much to Grant D'Nasty, you. I rescind that thank you.

Grant D'Nasty.

I don't know about that.

Hey, the metal bass player name is that one.

Thanks for that catchphrase though, I will give it back to you.

This is Comedy Bang Bang, I am of course the Choctaw and it is...

I tell you, we are so close to being done with this TV show .

We have just one more week and we will be done with it and then we'll be at South by Southwest and speaking of South by Southwest, I have a very special South by South guest to my left.

To my South by South left.

Let me move just briefly.

Now I'm exactly at South by Southwest.

That's the pro-flest.

You will be at South by Southwest. First of all, you're going to do some stand-up on the Comedy Bang Bang showcase shows on Saturday night, the 10th.

The main reason I'm going, is that...

Also, what are you going to be doing there?

By the way, I'm going to say your name as soon as you say what you're going to be doing there.

I'm going to be doing a podcast called The Smartest Man in the World.

Fantastic. A great podcast if you like podcasts, which if you're listening to this one, I would say you probably do.

There's a presumption there.

So this is like the target market.

Really? No, we're hitting exactly where we need to be right now.

And when is that? Is that on...

That's right before the Choobang Bang shows at Addis.

There's Folly's at like six o'clock.

So people can get a triple feature of you.

Oh, they can get more than they'll ever want of me in my musings on the Lone Star State Republic of Texas.

And then I'm also sitting on some panel about comedy about how comedy's trenching and really important in this age because of satire and whatnot.

Oh, yeah, definitely.

By the way, Greg Proops is to my South by Southwest here.

Hello, everybody.

Welcome, The Smartest Man in the World. The self-described Smartest Man in the World.

Well, it is a joke.

Choctaw.

No, no, no.

Choctaw is not a joke.

Comedy Bang Bangs, called Comedy Bang Bang.

But yet it really explodes in rapid succession twice like that.

So I feel like I had the poetic license to a friend of mine gave me the idea.

He said, you know what you come off like? And I'm like, no, what?

Super enuated, pompous, bilious, fustian, horrible, mis anthropic, curmudgeon.

And he's like, like the smartest man in the world.

Like, you know everything. And I'm like, oh, do I?

And then, so you should call your show that. And I thought that was hilarious.

I wish I could say it was my idea.

You are one of the smartest men I know, I have to say, or at least one who owns a Thesaurus.

Because you were able to say bilious.

I have many tiny dinosaurs on my ranch.

What?

Hold on a second. That's not what that means.

At Thesaurus.

Greg, you're...

It's a tiny little...

Greg, you and I have known each other for a good 17 years.

Easily.

Isn't that true?

Yeah.

We're old friends.

Yes.

I was in awe of your abilities as a young man starting stand-up and you have only grown as I have stagnated.

And I remember going to one Aspen Comedy Festival and laughing.

I remember one certain part of it laughing harder, I think.

Or at least as hard as anything I've ever laughed at seeing a comedian.

Which comedian was it?

It was you.

Oh, thank you.

There are so many there that you remember.

But no, I remember you telling the story of Quentin Tarant ino watching from Dust Hill Dawn at the Cinarama Dome.

That's a cute one.

And he was standing up and cheering himself after every line and you likened it to...

Have you ever been to a child's funeral?

But you're one of America's great stand-ups and it's always amazing to see a master at work whenever you see a Greg Pro ops performance.

Well, that's very nice of you.

I remember that routine because one of the lines was so hackatronic that I couldn't resist doing it.

I said, is that my wife goes, oh my God, his ass is huge.

And I said, Quentin Tarantino's ass was so big, there was a Conestoga wagon crossing it or whatever.

We've been out here six weeks, didn't even see the great divide.

But then the line was, it wasn't Quentin Tarantini, it was Quentin Tarant tremendously huge.

It was one of the lines.

And which of those was the hackiest you were saying?

Yeah, exactly.

Oh no, it's a hack dead heat.

There's no photo finish on that one.

Hack red heat.

Jim Belushi.

Catch us up with what's been happening with Greg Proops.

You've been traveling, you've been doing stand-up, you've been doing a lot of the Hoosline.

If you're not picturing Greg just merely from his very specific voice, you may know him from the Hoosline Is It Anyway show, where he has a very distinctive look.

You wear suits, you have a, one might describe your hairst yle as a pom-padore.

I would say Bobby Rydell, about 1963.

Who was the one who did, they say that you're round around lover?

Is that Bobby Rydell?

I don't know any music before 2011.

Oh, I don't remember the 80s because I was just a child.

But I heard about it, I saw a Happy Days episode.

Yeah, I got kind of a pom-padore in glasses.

I'm the speckey one from Hoosline.

My favorite description, I see Bob Dooka's name listed here .

There was some year in, roundup of podcasts.

Right.

And unbeknownst to me, for a whole career, I didn't realize how many people fucking hated Hoosline and thought it was douchey.

Because I never really actually gave it any thought because it's not my job.

Yeah, you showed up, you did it.

Right.

And I do it well and who cares.

Right, and I'm a stand up and so I never thought about it.

Right.

And he wrote, he was on Hoosline, which is, my impression of Hoosline is two 40-year-olds pretending to be raptors ha iling a cab.

And I pissed myself laughing.

And I wrote him back and said that was, he was like, you're not mad, are you?

I go, no, I thought it was fucking hilarious.

That's what it was.

We were always fucking raptors and it was all men and we were the gayest show in the world because we'd ask each other out on dates.

We did a whole dating thing.

We never had women in it.

I was the bitch like a thousand times on the show.

Why is that, D, is it just because Drew likes to hang out with the brothers?

No, I think the producer just did that age-old thing that they do in Hollywood.

Where's the funny women?

You know, oh, they're over here.

Well, I can't turn my head to the right.

You know, that kind of thing.

Well, I, you know, I can't, who necessarily am I to talk?

I'd turn to the right and there's engineer Dustin.

Yeah, but he's very feminine to me.

There's five bros in this room today.

Well, you know, there's a lot of testosterone, but I think a lot of us have a lot of feminine energy.

That's what saves us as comedians.

We're sympathetic today.

Okay, Paul's full-on, now, but the- Paul's, there's no one named Paul in this room at this moment.

I said, Cube or whatever.

I'm sorry, I was trying to say.

You're the guy with the metaphors.

I was right.

Okay, don't, don't peel the curtain behind the clouds.

No, some of, there's a lot of men in here and I appreciate it because it smells awesome, like canoe.

And then, so no, I've been doing the- Do you mean canoe, those fragrance or?

Yeah, no, not like a canoe.

Not like the mohekins are here and there's beaver pelts and whatnot and there's grime at the bottom.

Which I always wondered about the Indians, but, um, although the moccasins are fabulous.

I've been doing the smartest amount of the world podcast and it's been the- the grievous thing I've done in a hundred years, frankly.

And I've found out a lot of things.

I believe it was Jane Child in the song.

Don't want nobody, what was her song?

Don't want to fall in love.

She said, I learned some things about myself.

And I have.

And then, when I learned was that a lot of fucking people hated fucking Who's Line Beyond All Measure, and they liked the podcast.

And they're like, oh, you can- you improvise, but you're funny now.

Which of course is hilarious to me.

That's why I don't understand people is like, you know, people- people can look at someone on TV, which is not the pure unadulterated way to see a performer.

I know.

Is whatever their TV show is.

Because for the most part, networks get in the way.

I'm having a wonderful experience online, of course, but- I didn't get to read for years.

I must have been a mistake or something.

I don't know exactly what happened with that because I swear they sent the sides right to your house.

But, you know, I mean, people see people on a show that they don't- they're not even in charge of.

They were just cast on and then they go, that person's not funny.

They must not be as funny.

You sucked as the janitor on Who's Got the Sputum or whatever.

And you're like, well- but I didn't write Who's Got the Sp utum.

I didn't think of my character.

I cast $2500 to do that.

And, you know, that was nice.

Yeah.

So, there are a lot of funny people.

You know, I used to when I was growing up, I used to have that experience where I would say, and I'm not going to talk about comedy even at this point.

I just mean like even dramatic actors.

And you go, why did Robert De Niro do that movie?

Remember when he was on a streak of like every movie he was in was amazing.

And then he does one that's not so good.

And you're like, is he slipping?

Is he not a good actor anymore?

It's like, no, that's just, you know, not everything is going to be great.

Show business is totally random.

Yeah.

The only advantage you have as a comedian is that you can do what you want with your own thing.

And that's what I found in the last year, like I don't care anymore.

I think the future is on the inner web and I think I get more response there than I've ever gotten.

So you're thinking that computers and the net are the future?

Not just the future, but the current past.

Whoa.

Once it was on everybody's phone, it became so immediate and so personal.

And that's what I think made it the biggest change.

Much more than ever doing specials or standard things on TV or anything.

People like those, but like there's always that distance.

There's no distance with the podcast.

Like being on the phone with someone.

Mm-hmm.

Well, now what do you think about Twitter because Billy Crystal, I read a really interesting interview with him in Entertainment Weekly last week where he, okay, he was approached to do the Oscars and he sat there wrestling with it and you know that his beloved friend Gil Cade said ask him to do it and he said he didn't want to do it because he had a passion project.

And I don't mean to summarize the entire article, but I found pretty much all of it fascinating.

And he didn't know whether he was going to do it.

He wrestled back and forth.

And finally he made that decision and he said to his wife, you know what?

I'll tweet it.

And he did.

And that's how the world found out that he was going to host the Oscars.

I mean, all of a sudden the Twitter versus a buzz, which leads to the worldwide Webosphere being a buzz.

A buzz.

And then the Blogosphere got involved.

And they became a buzz too with that.

So I'm just wondering, do you think that's an effective communication medium?

Certainly.

Rather than phoning the trades.

Yeah.

I think it might be a little more effective.

That's what he would have done a few years ago.

And he just, and with three simple words to his wife, that 's how the world was changed.

I'll tweet it.

You know what I mean?

I mean, that's, and then all of a sudden the world is different.

You know what I mean?

And Billy Crystal's world, I'm certain it was.

For all we know, his Twitter is a steam powered.

His Twitter?

Isn't that what you call those tweeting devices?

You know who's fun to read is share.

Because share, share's tweets are like an 11 year old girl on Adderall.

It's just, it's like a hot exclamation point, exclamation point, see you peeps tonight.

N-I-T-E exclamation point.

And you're like, aren't you well into it?

And what is she doing tonight?

But I know she's always responding to people and then when Chas did Dancing with the Stars, love you.

You know, when like a thousand, 50 point caps, you know.

And I thought, there's the embarrassing Twitter mom that you don't want up your Twitter booty.

Because she loves you too much when you're doing something in your famous.

I think, why do people talk to each other through Twitter now?

You know what I mean?

I just call someone.

You know what I mean?

Come on.

Is it because we're always checking it and it's just the easiest way to get it?

I don't know why people need the middle man.

You know what I mean?

Because people are on their phone every goddamn second of the day because they don't realize their phone is a spying device that's following them around and ruining their life.

I don't understand why people Facebook message each other.

It's like, just email me.

I don't get it.

It adds another, you know, I already have, you know, obviously I have me at ScottOckerman.com.

Like, you know.

So, I don't need anything else of that.

I just send up a comedy bang bang symbol into the air.

And I know you always respond to it from your, your air.

What's like Batman or the Fantastic Four?

Exactly.

It's precisely like that.

Why do they Facebook when they could email you?

I read my email every day to go on Facebook sometimes not very much.

I sometimes, you know what?

If I get busy, I read it twice a day.

Yeah, right?

You know what I mean?

Like, sometimes I do it in the morning, then sometimes I was right before I go to bed.

Mm-hmm.

You know what I mean?

Just to make sure I don't miss anything during the day.

Can I see something when this episode of Comedy Bonschmont goes out?

Is it?

Are you going to tweet it?

I think I'm going to turn to my wife.

You know, cool up, of course.

I'm going to say, you know what?

I've been wrestling with the decision about what I should do with this episode.

You know what?

I'll tweet it.

I'm going to send out a carrier pigeon that I keep in my, in my palatial crib.

I have a nest of them in the back.

Really?

Why do you have so many pigeons?

I've been mean to ask you.

I've come over to your house because they can only carry 140 characters worth of weight on their ankle when the message.

That's what Twitter is all about.

See, that's what people don't know is it started as a bird messaging service.

And that you couldn't write long notes, you know what I mean?

Because like, what?

Are people going to have the Dead Sea Scrolls attached to there?

You know, I mean, that's sort of what you do.

You bring up something that exists.

I'm like 16,000, yeah.

The Marga Magita, the Torah, the Ka-va-a.

What else do we got?

Come on, help me out.

Oh, I got 100 of them.

Because this is a good piece of business I'm on to.

Oh, no, monstrous.

I just like the idea that Billy Crystal wrestled with the idea that, because what was his other thing he was busy doing?

I don't know.

I think he did the one man show last year.

The one about I grew up in the Dead Sea.

A thousand Sundays, yeah.

Oh, yeah, it's called I grew up in the Dead Sea.

We got a car or whatever that one was.

I remember.

The suburbs.

World War II was over.

Yeah.

Baseball.

Mickey Manal.

Who was Mickey?

When do you think the last person dies who remembered who Mickey Manal was?

When Costis dies.

And at that moment he's going to cry and there's just going to be a pile of argyle socks and loafers just soaked in his briny cheers.

The thing about, I'm a Willie Mayis person.

He was my hero.

And Mickey Manal is the white guy, Yankee douchebag dude hero.

Right.

And Jewish guy's from the Bronx.

Right.

That's what drives me bloody crazy about Mickey Manal is that he became this teary punching bag of nostalgia for a whole generation of fucking dudes who wear button down shirts and are cocks.

And that's the problem.

It's like people who are Red Sox fans and I'm sorry if anyone out there's listening in Boston or is a Red Sox fan.

My problem isn't with the actual fans of the team.

It's like when they would do those Boston specials about how the Red Sox never won the World Series, it would be one guy after the next named Kevin who was a racist Irish douchebag.

And it was like your whole fan base is a bunch of guys named fucking Doug who are assholes.

So why would I root for you or want you to win?

And then we go what?

It was the curse of the Ben Mino.

It was the curse of not having any black players until 1959 .

That was the fucking curse.

All right.

Let's take a break.

We're a fine man and I hope you'll stick around the entire show.

I got to go.

Thanks so much.

There's an RVs down the street I have to hit.

Why don't we go to a song and then we'll take a little commercial and when we come back, we will have more comedy.

Bang, bang.

Sarah, I need to tell you something.

Baby penis around your neck didn't give you the courage to do those things.

It was the baby penis in your mind.

The baby penis in your mind gives you the courage to be what you need to be.

The baby penis in your mind lives in your heart and not the place where you be.

The baby penis in your mind.

The baby penis in my mind.

Baby penis in your mind gives me the courage to do what I need to do.

The baby penis in my mind gives me the strength to know that I can see it through.

The baby penis in my mind.

We are back.

This is comedy.

Bang, bang.

I'm here with Craig.

Craig.

Am I pronouncing that correctly?

Almost.

Craig.

The baby penis was George Poops.

It was a short, unsatisfying poem if you think about it.

A very direct poem.

Oh, Desi.

Well, I hope he cleans up.

We have a couple of old friends on the show.

In a lot of times, we have an open door policy on the show.

I don't know if you know that, Craig or George.

Chuck, you know, I love the open door policy.

But we have an open door policy and these guys did not have to take advantage of it because they both contacted me through official channels and wanted to be officially booked on the show.

And it was my thrill and privilege to do that because normally they just burst through the door like they're in the old West and it's a saloon or a salon.

I'm not sure what people were doing back then.

I would love to burst into a salon like it was a saloon in order a shot of red eye.

They should have those swinging doors at the saloon.

You know what I mean?

All right.

You purple idiots.

What if there was a hair salon that was in old Western themed?

Like how popular would that be?

It would have been great.

It would have been called the Lavender Steer.

And everybody would be wearing chaps and I think it would just be fabulous.

Your hair is so grimy.

Even on the trail.

You've been on that chism trail.

I love how I'm able to throw out a premise and you can do six separate jokes on it.

Here's what's this one?

Taxi.

Not quite sure.

I was a raptor hailing a cow.

You're too old to get in this cab slam.

The 40 year old age limit on that one.

All right.

But they've been nice enough to sit here while I'm not introducing them and I really appreciate that.

Please welcome our old friends, Ice-T and Jesse the body Ventura.

Yep.

Yeah.

What's up, Scott?

Jesse the mind venture.

I'm sorry.

I changed it to that one.

I am one of the body and I am the mind.

Also an eternal Jesse the eternal spirit of karma.

Ventura.

Have you been governor lately or it's been a while, right?

I'm an acting governor in a in a parcel of Mexico that I've established a sovereign entity in.

That's awesome.

Do you have electricity or do you use like cell phones or whatnot?

I have electrical capabilities, but it's not on grid.

It's off grid.

How do you get electricity off grid?

Sunlight duck paddle boats.

They're tracking sunlight.

I have high upstairs.

They're tracking sunlight where sun rays go through there.

The satellites that are out in the what do you call that outer space on there.

They're technically yes outer space.

Their interspace ships are they're intercepting light now and all sunlight goes through those satellites and is beam down to earth.

But now we know where it all goes.

Well, son, I'm aware of those technological capabilities and we have our own satellite presence.

Oh, good.

Right above the Akatan Peninsula.

Oh, I didn't know this.

So you're intercepting those sun rays.

It's a lower but low altitude satellite facility.

Oh, that's good.

It's it's it's it's somewhere between a high balloon and a low satellite.

Isn't that someone dangerous a low satellite trajectory?

Could you run into like, I don't know, flocks of birds?

No, because then I can go out and I can look up into it and I could see with the naked eye that my son is there and I wave to him and he waves back.

I have visual confirm.

I see.

Yo, thanks for having me.

This has been great.

I guess I'll see you in a few years.

Hey, come on.

I see.

Come on back.

What do you mean?

Come on.

You should probably just sit near like, thought I was dead for a second.

Why don't you join in on the comment?

I thought it was like the sixth sense or whatever.

You know what movie I loved you in the the looters.

Turned me on Walter Hill.

Oh, the l- oh, yeah.

Wasn't that a.

Oh, was it called the looters?

Did it have another name?

I don't believe it was called the looters.

No, it wasn't called the looters.

That's a little on the nose, Greg.

It was right after the Rodney King riots and they made it maybe where they was the gold and the house and everything.

Called something knight.

And your name was King.

Judgment knight.

That's right.

Thank you.

You were very good in that.

Greg, thank you very much.

And I'm a big fan of your work.

I love improvisational comedy.

I didn't know that.

Yet nobody knows it.

It's been a secret.

I've been keeping for a long time.

Wow.

The secret's out.

Do you ever do improv when you're doing your roles on telly like to prefer for them?

Up against somebody like Richard Beltha.

Like forget about it.

That cracks me up.

The bells.

That's what I call rock the house.

How did you know about that nickname?

The bells.

I went diving for secrets with Richard Belzer.

For secrets.

In a diving bell.

We went in a diving bell.

Oh, we went in a diving bell.

Me and Richard Belzer.

Really tickled yourself.

That one was.

I am tickling myself.

I haven't heard Jones longer.

That one.

You're literally tickling yourself.

I'm only ticklish.

I haven't heard something like that since a pull.

Pulled Bjork sandwich.

Oh, that really happened.

That really did happen.

I heard that really happened.

I should I drove up again from Mexico this time.

That's right.

Don't you share.

With neighbors.

So you don't share property.

You share a property line.

No, we share a backyard.

We share a backyard.

Is that what you have to do in Mexico?

Backyards are so scarce.

It's kind of the law.

Yeah.

It's a law.

Yeah.

And just Coco sign out there and whatnot.

She loved it.

Yeah.

She's a real fun worshipper.

She's out there on a Shae lounge.

She should hear about the satellites.

Well, what satellites?

The satellites that are intercepting the sun that goes into her body.

They're tracking her body through.

Wait, is that what you all were talking about?

Yeah.

You were just zoning out.

Yeah.

I was just playing game with my phone.

What got angry birds?

What's going on in there?

You've seen their satellites.

I've got a special all wrapped version of Angry Birds.

Really?

What do they do?

They wrap while they fly through the air.

It's all members of the Wu-Tang Clan.

Oh my God.

Wow.

That actually, please Angry Birds start making.

There goes the rookery.

See, Greg knows what's up.

Yeah.

I'm down.

Wait, you know what's up or you're down?

What?

Both.

Oh, OK.

Greg, Greg.

So you guys drove up together.

Who's vehicle?

We rented a shuttle.

What?

We rented a space shuttle.

You rented the space shuttle to come all the way.

We attacked the shuttle.

All the way here.

All the way up from Mexico.

Because it's been grounded.

But better than mothballing it, you may as well use it for a little bit.

That must have been quite a conversation piece that stop lights him one.

Yeah, does that take up the entire, you know, four lane highway?

It has a wide load.

People are angry about it.

But they're building an after super highway and we proved it because we drove on it.

OK.

It's a good ride too.

Smooth.

How belted in are you?

You're pretty heavily belted and there's a few layers of safety precautions.

Is there like a other in my cave other than whatnot?

Yeah, they got everything.

Oh, yeah.

Do you have to go to the bathroom in your suit, though?

You don't have to, but it helps.

We make good time coming up here.

Also, all our food came out of pouches.

Oh, boy, I love that.

All of our food and games.

I'm not going to waste 20 minutes to decompress the air chamber and get out of the suit and go use the bathroom on the shuttle.

No, no, you have to.

I mean, that's the decompression.

I know you can get the bends from that if you don't do it correctly.

You can get the bends if you come up from your diving bells or do best.

All right.

So what did you guys come here to talk about?

You have something together.

We got the X.

You have two separate projects.

We were supposed to be doing banter at the Oscars yesterday , but they got the best week, of course, of course.

Last week.

What was the bit?

We were going to come out and say, listen, tonight is like a love letter to the movies.

And then we were going to do something from love letters, but the points with our idea.

Yeah.

Well, that's the thing.

I didn't realize that was a play.

Yeah, they haven't made the movie of that.

I thought the month of the movie of it.

There must have been a movie of two people who ran a letter to each other.

Oh, yeah.

Sure.

There's Eloise and Abilade Part 1.

That is the last minute we try to change it to Lake House.

Do you think that Martin Scorsese or Quentin Tarantino could make a movie that isn't a love letter to other movies?

Do you think that's possible?

No, they love movies too much.

They love them too much.

I'll give you a flat no on that.

I want to make a movie that's a cease and desist demand to movies.

I would have loved to scene a cease and desist for War Horse.

Oh my God.

Just stop it.

The play.

Yeah, of course.

No, I haven't seen the movie.

Oh, that's the marvelous.

Steven Spielberg makes the horse the Star of a World War 1 movie.

I know.

A quarter of Europe's male population was wiped out and I'm sad about the fucking horse.

Although it was a hot time for lesbians in the early 20s and years.

You don't say.

Have you ever been in combat groups?

Yeah, I have.

I see.

And which one are you?

You can address I see, but I'm the one talking.

Sorry, Governor.

I have been in combat.

Yeah.

In combat and you're telling me that a War Horse that's downed is not a damaging moment in the life of a mission.

I was in Alexander's army and when we were in the Indian campaign, we rode small pack of drums and from the tower, we'd throw the Greek fire or whatever, maybe a catapult or something.

My elephant got wounded, kippy and I wrote a war elephant in Cambodia.

Did you?

I did.

We were looking for presenters of war.

Wait, is this when you were looking for the predators?

That was in Guatemala.

I tried to bring a war elephant.

I tried to march it like Hannibal from Cambodia all the way to Guatemala.

You know, I seen a giraffe one time.

Really?

Wow.

I think I saw one with a broken neck one time.

Did you really?

Yeah.

How could you tell?

Because it's neck sticking out its neck.

You know what I'm saying?

Like a giraffe's neck bone stick.

How did you see a giraffe with the neck?

It was fine.

In fact, it had a sign.

This was out of zoo.

It's the fowl find.

This is out of zoo.

Don't worry about it.

Take a picture anyway.

It actually, there was a sign under it that said, the gir affe is fine.

It hurt its neck.

It doesn't feel pain about all of this.

How did this?

This is how exactly?

Exactly.

It's like a classic cover up.

Yeah.

Really.

It was taking giraffe, darvisat or whatever.

But it just said don't you don't have to ask us about the giraffe.

Just leave us alone about the giraffe.

It's fine.

We're fine.

Press releases go back to sleep.

Your hoofed animals are fine.

They're not having problems getting trees, tree branches down at their height.

The youth mellow conspiracy.

So I see what is happening with you.

What is going on?

I mean, you asked if you could come all the way out here from Mexico.

Yeah, I'm trying to rebrand myself.

You know, because I've been doing FVU for a long time now.

It's Law and Order SVU.

It's a show that you've been on that basically...

The victim's unit.

Basically, it's a police force that has a strange combination of old character actors and hot models are on this force.

Like hot female models.

That's a premise of the show.

Hot female models and...

You're conflating the actor.

You can play the character.

You can play the character with the premise of the show.

It's hot.

It's just the hottest girls you would ever see with incredible makeup and long hair.

That's right.

And then the oldest, grossest character actors.

Yeah, and me.

And you.

What distinguishes the victims that makes them so special?

Most of them have perfect attendance.

Wow.

And that's what...

The kind of thing you don't hear...

One with wearing a tiara.

The punctual.

The perpunctual.

Polite.

You'll always get a thank you note from the victims.

That's the kind behind the scenes gossip that you don't...

Because a lot of people wouldn't know that unless...

I signed on to the show because I thought it was a unit made up of special victims.

And I thought it was like a zombie show.

Where these zombies...

That's what made them special.

They were victims of crimes that did.

They come back from the grave to become police officers and solve crimes.

There should be something called...

That's not what it's about by the way.

No, it's not.

If you haven't seen the show.

Spoiler alert.

There should be something called...

Like a title.

Law and Order victims of circumstance unit.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Right, victims of fate.

But look, here's the thing.

Special if co-word for something messed up after these people that evolved weird sex stuff.

Oh, really?

Just sexual...

They should just call it sex crime.

They should...

It's just...

It's not...

It's just like rape.

No, it's just like rape.

Standard rapes.

You're not seeing the major...

Oh, no.

I'm sorry.

Illuminati, Mather rapes.

It's my favorite theory.

Now look.

Illuminati mason riffs are so good with raspberries.

Y'all get me off track.

I get water-boarded with Illuminati raisin baits.

Raisin baits.

Wait.

I love raisin baits.

Raisin baits.

He's the most unsung character in the movie Psycho.

I thought that raisin baits nude scene in a Bouchman was really...

Aw, yeah.

A little hard to get with.

So I see what...

Yeah, I'm still here.

Yeah, so what...

I'm working on law and order and you just wanted to let us know.

I wanna...

Yeah, that's it.

Goodbye.

I'm trying to rebrand myself.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I've been doing SVU for such a long time.

It's like...

I feel like people got me all figured out.

Get stale.

Because a lot of people know you as...

They knew Groot know you as a hip-hop star.

But before it was even called hip-hop, it was called rap.

That's right.

And I see him body-hound.

And they knew you as a rapper.

They knew you as the original cop killer.

That's right.

I saw you at Lollapalooza.

Thank you.

I hope you enjoyed it.

I really did.

Your band was louder than Susie and the Banshees.

And that is saying something.

The loudest band in the world, Susie and the Banshees.

What were we on the...

James Diction.

Wouldn't you say that maybe they catterwalled more than Sus ie and the Banshees?

Susie and the Banshees catterwalls quite a lot.

Because they had actual Banshees in the band.

Yeah, they knew.

That's what Goolies...

So then I see...

And one Gremlin.

Yeah.

And you branded yourself as an actor in such films as The L ooters.

That's right.

And then you got on...

You Jack City.

The UK title.

It was the UK title, I think.

And then you got on to Lon Order.

And you've been on their nigh upon two and a half decades at this point.

It's been something like 50 years.

Me and Richard Bell, the solvent disgusting crime together.

I love Lucy.

Lon Order SVU.

They both were around the same time.

That's right.

We were the first multi-camera procedural.

So when you switched over from black and white to color, that had to be quite a moment.

People couldn't handle it.

Right.

They're like, how do these living tiny people get in my living room?

Yeah.

And people didn't know what color you were as well.

It was quite a surprise.

Because of your speech pattern.

Come on, man.

I'm going to drag race into this.

Yeah, I mean, it's not a drag race, but it is...

Too many pounds.

Anyway...

Too many buttons.

Wait a minute, let me weigh in here.

Yeah, by all means.

I feel like the golf have to think.

If there's any more puns here, you're going to get punished .

Oh, no.

Oh boy.

You're not going to kick me in the bells, Zach.

Are you?

Never.

All right.

Ice tea.

That's reassuring.

Ice tea.

That's one thing I won't do.

The Liffen here's the thought that I've been trying to get out for the Liffen 100 years.

Twice as long as you've been doing the show.

That's right.

I'm trying to re-bray myself because I know these guys like comedy guys like Fred Almuthin and John Mulaney, like making fun of me.

They're like imitating me.

Yeah.

They think they know what I sound like.

Yep.

Make a fool out of me.

Yeah.

I don't care for it.

You're not a fool.

I'm like, too hard.

You're ice tea.

I'm like, too hard.

I'm going to finish hard.

Yeah.

And in between, we don't have to worry about.

So, straight up gangster.

In between, you know.

You're going to do some movies.

You're going to read a book, play around the house.

Sure.

You're hard to finish hard.

Yeah.

That's the important thing.

And then cool in between.

That's right.

So, here's what I'm going to do.

It's kind of like the McDeal tea.

You know, the, it's hot.

Just cold on one end hot on the other.

Yeah, sure.

All right.

Go ahead.

You were saying something- Have you ever got to that thought you were formulating some 399 years ago when this began?

Nope.

Do you think it's being suppressed?

I smoke conspiracy.

No, no.

It's derailed the fake thing.

It's a breath.

It can be when Amtrak is involved.

Events can be.

And that goes straight to the top.

I see.

I want to hear what is going on in your life right now.

I'm trying to do, I'm developing a new television program that combines my love of playing a police officer with my love of science fiction and fantasy.

We've talked about your love of these genres.

That's right.

Previous on the program.

That's right.

And I'm surprised that you would still want to continue being a cop if you're trying to rebrand.

But look, I'm playing a different cop.

Oh, okay.

I get it.

Is Richard Bells are going to be in it?

I wish.

Uh-huh.

He turned me down.

He cracked you up on set, doesn't he?

He cracked me up every damn day.

It's kind of a shame to- Are you going to try to find someone else who will crack you up them?

Those were the first four eyes behind those expensive shades.

I bet it all takes us a ride glance to break you.

All you got to do is just cock his head a little bit like it responds to something.

Because he's a great reactor.

You're terrible actor.

But he's a great reactor.

So it's like some purple say something.

And then some purple.

You cast real perpetrators.

Yeah, we get actual criminals.

And actual hot girls.

Yeah.

That's true.

So it's accurate to refer.

If we're going to get actual hot girls, why don't we get actual prisoners?

So where does this take place, your sci-fi show?

It takes place in the future.

In the future.

And wait a second.

You're correct yourself.

And a coughed.

It takes place in the future and in an alternate reality that's filled with like centaurs and fairies and shit.

Oh, good.

Okay.

So that's hitting both of the notes that I like in science fiction and fantasy.

That's right.

Meaning the science fiction part of it and the fantasy.

Yeah.

So there's centaurs.

So who commits the crimes?

The unicorns or the half man half horses?

It's all these weird creatures and they don't get along.

It's like a lot of parallels to humanity.

It's like how Star Trek used to use these aliens to illustrate stuff about the human condition.

The great thing about Spock was he was a Vulcan, but he...

Leonard Nimoy played a character named Spock.

And Nimoy, yeah, the actor.

The director.

Most people know him as three men and a baby.

I know him from Mission Impossible and Fringe.

He had a long, dry spell in between.

Yeah, he did.

What happened to that dude?

He did it.

And of course he died of...

Oh yeah.

Wait, hold on.

I want to back up here.

You know his albums?

Yeah.

The ones where he sings as Spock?

Oh sure.

Hmm.

Everybody knows those.

Like, the highly illogical, his famous song, highly ill ogical.

Oh, wait.

You know, that's in the character and the guys of Spock.

I don't know what that means.

I was not trying to be disrespectful, but I'm not calling him a mr. Spock.

I apologize.

All right, so go on.

So, your centaurs are out there and you're investigating what types of crimes in the show?

You know, like murders.

Murders of centaurs?

Of anything.

Okay.

I mean, if it's alive, it can murder something else.

That's just a love nature.

But you're not investigating purely human murders.

No, I'm the only human on the show.

Oh, you're human.

I'm human.

No, no, no, I'm a human being.

Okay.

Well, how did you get there?

That will be explained in the final episode.

Okay.

So, I don't know how I got there.

I'm like, what, how would I find myself in this strange world?

And what is the future?

Who's the president now?

Because I still get newspapers from Earth.

Newspapers.

You get newspapers from Earth?

That's right.

That must be quite a...

That's part of the...

That's part of the premise of the show.

Wow.

What was that show?

The delivery where he got to tomorrow's paper?

First edition.

Early edition.

Early first edition.

You get papers from Earth.

I get newspaper from Earth.

From the past or from the present?

From the present, which is the future.

The future, our future.

It's very...

Look, are they from an alternate universe and they...

No, that's past.

They're from the regular Earth and they end up in this place where I am.

And that takes up the whole first season is me wondering about these newspapers.

Like first I think, it's an alternate universe.

Nope.

I'm able to deduce because I'm a detective on the show.

Because you can read between the lines.

Exactly.

Like every good detective does from Sherlock Holmes to an inspected gadget.

So say someone's...

Come to it's a crime.

Like say I'm a centaur and Choctaw's a fairy.

Yeah.

Let's just say you're a fairy.

And I kill you and I leave you in a ditch and whatnot.

And along comes you.

Do you drive in a car?

It's a crime.

Yeah, I got a car that I built myself from memory.

Because there are no cars on this parallel future.

Nobody else needs them.

I'm the only one who needs a car.

So you just build...

Keep the compliance stuff, you know.

Okay, and you remember every little part of how a car is put together?

Yeah, I mean, I think...

I mean, obviously, not me in life.

But I bet if I thought about it, I could probably remember every part of a car and eventually put it together.

Right, yeah.

Where did you get the car that was used for filming it?

Was it a dealership?

A standard dealership?

It's a Ford SUV.

It's cool that you bought American.

They're the only ones that didn't take money in the bailout , by the way.

Oh, I see.

Yeah, right.

That's right.

I admire the independent spirit.

Also, the call was for free.

Well, also, by the way, this has not happened yet.

This is just my...

Oh, yeah.

It was happening.

No, no, no.

So how would you solve the crime then?

Well, Scott, would you mind because you've acted before?

I have, yeah.

Even if you never do it again, you could help me out with this.

Sure.

Get that muscle memory going.

Like, you're my partner, right?

Okay.

And you're like a weird...

You're like a lagoon monster.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So, how much time do I spend under the water as opposed to over the water?

Don't overthink it.

It's just like the improv exercise.

But I'm sort of...

I'm in and out.

It's kind of like...

Keep asking questions.

I don't know.

You're getting close.

Is he in the water or out of the water?

Yeah, see?

I like that you're a lagoon monster.

Yeah.

You don't usually hear it in that order.

Am I green and scaly?

That's the only other thing I really need to know.

Yeah, you want.

Okay, great.

Got it.

I'm like too much where it's like...

It's gross.

Yeah.

So he's a lizard person from the center of the earth.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

He's got a lither person from the center of the earth.

I see the Illuminati agenda.

And now, look, I have here all about the Bush family on the way.

I expect...

We shared a ride.

I expect it with...

I know.

The eyelids blink this sideways.

I get it.

So you like my partner.

You like this lagoon monster.

All right.

We get the call.

All right.

Fairy got murdered.

We think with a centaur.

We better go check it out.

Okay.

It's a...

Because remember, it's like fantasy, but also...

And what's your name?

There's also science fiction.

What's your name in the piece?

My name is Trice E.

Trice E.

That's right.

Okay.

I got it.

Yeah.

What's my name?

I don't know.

Gilly.

Sorry.

Get guilty.

Okay.

Guilty.

Sorry.

No, no.

I'm trying to avoid confusion with the extremely popular Christian wig character.

Sorry.

Quoting all the time.

Guilty.

All right.

So, all right.

Here we go.

So, first we stumble upon, say...

Okay.

The centaur killed her fairy.

And it's like we got to track down clues and stuff.

Okay.

So, you say...

All right.

It's...

You know, you trying to communicate to me.

This is the murder.

We got to do something about it.

Okay.

You know, we got to investigate.

Okay.

Trice.

What's up?

Get over here, pal.

Hey.

It's kind of rude.

Immediately.

It's so rude.

Why?

Because we just got a call on the blower.

The phone.

Yeah, the phone.

We don't use that flannel.

I'm from Guilty.

Look, Trice.

We have a situation here.

We got a murder of a centaur and a fairy.

Is that what you're saying?

Sure.

Okay.

A murder of a centaur and a fairy just came in and you know what?

We're up.

We answered the phone.

We're up.

Guilty.

Nothing we can do.

Sorry.

It's magic.

We're just a couple of cops.

Okay.

Well, I'm a lagoons.

This is beyond our ability.

I'm a lagoons.

Yeah.

But you're a cop first.

I'm a cop first.

That's true.

Yeah.

Sorry.

Which limits you further than what you naturally are.

That's right.

So if magic is out of hands.

Okay.

Well, what do we do then?

I don't know.

What do you feel like doing?

I have a war elephant if anyone wants to ride around.

Who's this guy?

I don't know.

Yeah.

You'll get your lemonade.

Calm down.

If there's a very sleepy I'm going to go take a nap immediately.

Which because it sounds a lot like I want lemonade.

In my language.

Well, okay.

Can I jump?

Yeah.

Okay.

You want to try another character?

Step out of character.

What's your question?

Well, that seemed to be kind of an inactive scene for me because I answered the phone and you thought it would launch us into action and yet nothing kind of happened.

Well, what I'm trying to illustrate is like the frustration of like the police work and then that leads to a lot of that kind of situation leads to a lot of moral ambiguity and a lot of wrestling of one's conscience and conscience.

I guess.

Does he ever solve a crime?

Don't get ahead of it.

Okay.

So you want to try another scenario.

Let's try a thigh-fry scenario.

Oh, good.

Okay.

So it's a science and fiction.

Science or fiction.

Is it what it is?

People don't understand.

Thigh-fry means sci-or-fi.

Thigh or fi.

Really?

I never did.

Yeah.

It's one of the other.

You can't have both.

It's an old trick or treat scenario.

So it's either- Fy-fry.

It's either stories about science.

Okay.

Or it's made up stories that involve no science whatsoever.

Okay.

So am I still guilty?

You're still guilty.

Oh, great.

All right.

So you get the call.

You got to investigate death crime.

Tries.

Oh, sorry.

I got lost.

Get over here.

I don't care for the way you order around.

Goddamn it.

You stand toe to toe with me or else we are going to literally be toe to toe.

What's up, you ugly son of a bitch.

I like this.

This is a crackling dialogue.

That's probably- Yeah, they're like real characters, you know?

So- Gillvy, Tries, get in my office.

Oh, the captain's here.

Okay.

Oh, no.

Gentlemen, and Lagoon Monster, there's been an insane computer embezzling out there.

I need you both on it this afternoon.

Okay.

I mean, it doesn't sound like our jurisdiction.

Where have they been embezzling from?

Lagoon Monster!

Unless it's about- It's not our man me.

Unless it's about a robot, it's not our jurisdiction.

They've been embezzling from all over the planet.

Can't you see this planet's resources have been depleted because of this insane embezzling computer that no one knows where it is?

Well, we're in the robot division.

Unless they've been embezzling from- A computer is a robot, you yang-yang!

Oh, he got you.

Oh, man.

All right.

So that's pretty good scenario, right?

Okay, it's pretty good.

Hey, be careful out there.

Thank you so much, Chief.

All right.

So, Trice, let's go hop into my space car.

Well, let's get my homemade car.

I mean, I went to a lot of fun.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

To build it.

Okay, so- I thought here we go, we're in the car.

Bring your car around, Trice!

Wait, who is this guy?

I'm the futuristic parking lot attendant.

Yeah, bring it around.

The cheater.

Do you have my- Do you put my mirrors back the way I like them?

Oh, sorry.

You know what?

My seat is all up now.

I was sitting in it.

Oh.

Here's your tip, 30 space credits.

30 space credits!

Crunch!

They're real!

Thanks!

All right, the guilty.

Be careful out there.

Oh, man.

He's in the back of the car.

Get out of here.

Do you want to come along?

No, I have- Hey, have you ever thought about being a police officer?

What's that?

This is the future where fairies and centaurs live in eternal peace except for the occasional rape-stroke murder.

Guilty.

We can't do a ride along right now.

We got- What's the case?

What's the case we're on?

All right, well, it's just like the chief told us it looks like a computer embezzled a bunch of stuff from a robot.

Nothing we can do, guilty.

That science is beyond understanding.

Well, maybe you're on- Emthing.

Ba-da-ba-da-ba-psssh!

That's right.

A Jewish couple gets married.

Marvel time, everybody.

Shh!

All right, I see.

Well, I wish you luck in this endeavor.

We have to take a little bit of a break and then we're going to get left.

We're going to come right back.

We have I.C.

We have Jesse, the mind of intro.

We have Greg Proups.

We'll be right back with a little bang-bang.

No.

From far beyond the galaxies, I've journeyed to this place to study the behavior patterns of the human rights.

And I find them highly illogical.

Girl meets boy.

They fall in love.

She says he's everything.

She's dreamed of.

But when they get married, before he's aware, she changes his habits.

The way he comes his hair, she changes into someone he's never been.

And then complains, he's not like other men.

Now, really, I find this most illogical.

Take the case of your automobiles.

Greatest invention, since man discovered wheels, to hydro-matic overdrive, floor on the floor, push-butt windows, push-button doors, double-barrel carburetors rush you in a place but you never can find a parking space, and then, highly illogical.

Take the case of modern man.

He works all his life, gives it all he can, saves all his money, works over time, pinches every penny, banks every dime.

All he can think about is money, but you know that he can take it with him where he's going to go.

Now, I find that fascinatingly illogical.

It was the time to journey home, to tell of what I've learned.

My people, I believe, have every right to be concerned.

For in spite of computers and advanced psychology, the aviured patterns are still a mystery.

I predict the future of this earthly human race is that having made a mess of Earth, they'll move to outer space.

Well, there goes the neighborhood.

Totally completely absolute root of irreverent time ill ogical.

Welcome back to the comedy, bang bang.

We are?

Thank you.

I was not talking to you as much as I was talking to the listener, but you were cluing me though, right?

Listeners and iced tea, welcome back to the show.

Thank you.

Wait a minute, I feel like I'm one welcome now.

You are always welcome here, so may I amend that?

When am I specifically welcome at this moment?

May I amend that by including Jesse the Mind Ventura and Greg Proops?

Thank you for welcoming me back.

We're here having a ball.

It's a week after the Oscars, precisely eight days after the Oscars.

I'm still pulling the confetti from my hair.

That governor's ball was a kick in the bootycks.

You're welcome.

Thank you.

And you are welcome.

It was his governor's ball.

I throw a governor's ball wherever I go.

All right, well it's time to go to one of our favorite features on the show.

This is a little something we call would you rather?

Wow.

This is like entering the Roman Colosseum in a 50s movie.

History repeats itself.

You're right about that.

All right, it's time to believe would you rather we all know how this is played?

People send me would you rather scenarios at our Twitter, which is at CBBWIR.

I will read them out loud.

I will open the floor for questions.

You will ask me questions to help narrow down your choice.

And once you do, you will vote.

And we will sign a winner.

All right.

I'm sorry I'm miles away.

Go on.

This comes to us from and by the way, I don't know whether we've used this one before.

I hope we have them, but it's different players.

And you know, I mean it'll be different answers.

So even if we had use of more.

I would plan on making a very similar answer than I always have.

And what answer do you want?

Truth before all.

Very TAS-pre-merro-to-dos.

Okay.

All right.

So hold up a second.

Yes.

How come you don't know if you've the before?

I send myself good ones in the email.

And but I can't remember.

I mean, I don't remember every single show I've ever done.

This is a minute complained about people writing him via Facebook and he doesn't actually directly communicate with himself.

That's right.

And it's like memento all around your room and then just gather them in the morning.

Or like maybe a lift.

I just send this to myself and me at Scottofferman.com and I get the ones that I get and I can't remember if I've used it before.

But don't look now asks, would you rather constantly find $ 100 bills or always find Star Wars figures that are worth $100?

Now that sounds kind of familiar to me, but I can't remember if I've used it or if, yes.

I have a question.

Oh, I have not opened the floor for questions.

So I'm so sorry.

The floor is still closed.

I'm going to have to dock you points for even the last.

The floor is creaking under my weight.

It really wants to open.

I'm so sorry.

I'm going to dock you three points.

Can I answer the question you have?

Yes, please.

That does not sound familiar.

That does not sound familiar to you.

I'm a loyal Lithman.

I never heard that one.

Thank you so much.

Okay.

Well, now I'm opening the floor for questions.

That's so I get my three points back.

No, no.

Currently we're at zero zero and negative three.

I have a question.

Yes, I see.

Major media, a Star Wars figure.

Everyone you find is worth $100.

You have to, yeah, you find the ones that are worth $100.

Yeah.

Is there a finite amount of these figures?

No, this is in an alternate reality where George Lucas made an unlimited supply of them.

This isn't a planet where centaurs and fairies live, is it?

It is a centaur planet, if that's what you're asking.

Not planet-fental.

No, no, no, no.

This is a different project I'm working on.

It's a class C planet.

It's centaurs can survive on it.

So there's enough oxygenated air.

And enough running space for them to run around?

Oh, sure.

You need a lot of hoof space.

And fifth to trim them.

So are we supposed to answer this question or carry on asking questions?

You ask questions to help narrow it down because there are specifics that are not included in the original question.

Oh, really?

Yeah, I know all the answers so you can ask me anything.

I have another question.

I think I'm going to ask you a question.

I'm going to ask you a question.

But the other years of your life, they are not counterfeit.

They are genuine $100 bills.

The alternative is to find Star Wars figures that are worth $100.

Exactly $100 or more or less.

Exactly $100.

I have an urgent question.

I'm presented.

This sounds important.

All right.

Let's get to it.

Are the Star Wars figurines immobile and unliving?

Or are they miniature living characters from the Star Wars universe?

That's a great question.

Were anyone to talk to them, one would find that they are in fact alive?

So they're like little buddies that you can consult?

Yes, you can.

And that is why they are worth $100.

So with these Star Wars figures, they're living sentient Star Wars figurine.

Of course.

These living sentient Star Wars figurines that one finds as randomly as one finds $100 bills on the other hand.

You're able to convert them into hard currency.

That's where you have to go to a dealer who will pay you $ 100 for them.

Oh, okay.

It's a lot.

Not online or whatever.

Some of the time you have to sell them on eBay.

Okay.

I have a potential multipart question.

Okay.

When will we know if it is a multi-part?

It depends on the individual answer how far it goes.

So anything past one, it will be a multi-part question.

You could shut it down on the first question.

This is exciting.

I wonder what's going to happen.

Are these characters from just the classic Star Wars movies or are they from the whole entire franchise?

Trying to kind of calculate what will make this or not make this a multi-part question.

You'll never know what if I indeed answer the question.

Well, then you'll know.

Okay.

But you won't know beforehand.

They are from all six parts.

You play right into my hand.

Oh, no.

Are these characters all figures of one character or are they many characters from all the films?

They are all one character.

Is that character the double-headed pod race announcer voiced by Greg Proops?

As a matter of fact, yes, it is.

It is that character which is why they're worth...

Are they worth 100 dollars?

Really?

In this reality.

Not in this one.

Yeah, it's the two-headed pod.

Who is the other person on the other?

Scott Capuro.

Scott Capuro, yeah.

It's the Scott Capuro, Greg Proops Connect.

And it is worth $100.

And you have to cash those in via eBay and via...

I have a question.

A dealership.

I'm not quite finished with what I was saying.

Impossible.

Wrap it up.

On the other scenario, of course, you find 100 dollar bills everywhere, but for one year of your life there is paint constantly exploding in your face.

Are those 100 dollar bills sent you, then living creatures as well?

That is the other parts that I neglected to tell you.

Yes, the 100 dollar bills that you find are...

Little George Washington's?

Yes, and they become your best friends.

Or is it Benjamin Franklin?

I think it's Benjamin Franklin.

Are they at war?

Are the dollar bills at war with the Star Wars figurines in a centuries old conflict?

Of course.

Figure in the middle of...

Yes, yes.

You are dragged into the middle of this.

You don't know quite under which side that your loyalties fall.

So there's a potential to be exploded on with the dye bomb, as well as having to fight in a centuries old conflict between sentient 100 dollar Benjamin Franklin's and my character that I played with Scott Capro in the Phantom Menace.

Yes.

This is a complex question.

It is, and that's why you have to ask questions, and I hope you're coming close to narrowing down your choice.

Scott, I have a question.

Yes, I see.

Is it possible, and either scenario, to fall in love with one of the sentient Benjamin Franklin's or the two-headed pod wraith announced of voice by Greg Pro ops and Scott Caporo?

As a matter of fact, in the Star Wars figure scenario, you fall in love with the two-headed Greg Proops, Scott Caporo.

And what would that sound like?

Do you think?

What would a conversation between them sound like?

I think it sounds like this.

Oh, Greg, it sounds like this.

Well, I don't know where you put it, but that hurt.

I love you.

I still like that.

I love you too.

I teach easy back, Taito.

Wait, so is he.

So they've returned my love in this scenario?

Yeah, that is the only scenario in which you find love.

We're full of affection.

In the scenario in which you find $100 bills, you never find love.

Let me ask you this, though.

In that scenario, is it within bounds if you already bear some resemblance to Benjamin Franklin to draw on a mustache and a dour expression?

So that there is a sentient miniature version of Jesse, the Bill Ventura.

Jesse the Bill Ventura, yeah, it is always possible to do that.

So you can't love it, but you can interact with that.

Yeah, there is no law in this scenario in which defacing money is against the law.

If you cash in one of these double-headed pod rest announcements, you're figuring for your $100, are you free to buy whatever you like?

Like say you want cocoa or cocoa?

I'm not a cocoa.

I'm a hot chocolate.

I didn't mean your wife.

You mean cocoa.

Yeah, I meant cocoa.

I meant the cocoa nut that's rendered into that's right.

In the in the Star Wars scenario, as you will, and see now we're getting to it in the Star Wars scenario, you're free to spend those $100 that you receive from the figures in any manner of your choosing.

I could go to Moss Eisley Spaceport and have a glass of, you know, snottery and whatever you need.

When you find the $100 bills, you are not able to spend them.

They become your best friends and they live under your mattress.

Even though ones that are Jesse, the Bill Ventura, $100 Benjamin Franklin's with a mustache?

Yes, of course.

But you're never able to spend them.

So you die a popper.

I have a question.

Yes, I see.

Maybe you live forever as a popper.

Oh, he intruded upon my question.

I'm afraid I'm going to have to dock you points for that.

So you're going to get plus six points for that.

I don't notice when I intrude unless I physically stumble over barbed wire.

Scott, will you take some points off of me for being a t attle tail?

Of course.

You're going to get negative three.

Fitches get stitches.

All right.

Here's my question.

Yes.

In the scenario with a $100 bill, the Benjamin Franklin and for my best friends, they still deploy, they have die-packed that me, even though we're good pals.

It's not them doing it.

See, they're just observers.

They're just vice trolls.

Yeah.

Banks.

They live on the bill.

Yes, exactly.

They live inside the cases in which you find them.

Let me ask this.

Sure.

So I can't tell that they're the die-pack attached to a single $100 bill.

Well, you're so happy to find them.

You don't inspect them that closely.

Plus you're in a hurry to get away.

Isn't that presuming the emotional state you're in when you randomly find a $100 bill?

I might be uncommonly wide awake and sober when I find the $100 bill.

Look at this giant die-pack attached to it here.

No, you're not picking it up.

That's the other thing is you're always drunk in this scenario.

Oh, this is some good information.

Yeah, I'm glad you asked about this.

You have a severe problem and you are in this scenario.

It's like barfly.

You're constantly drunk.

In this scenario where I'm constantly befriending these $ 100 Benjamin Franklin's who uncontrollably shoot die-packed that me one year.

Was it one year of my life?

Yeah, one year of your life.

And I'm drunk all the time.

Yeah.

What's my drink?

It's a Long Island iced tea.

Really?

That'll get you fucked up.

I mean, two of those?

That's wrong.

They're there.

They're a lot stronger than other drinks.

So yeah.

Yeah, they are.

I was hoping you'd say like creamedic acease or something, but you just have a little thimble of.

Alright, we're in a dictine in Brandy or something.

I hope you've gotten all the information out that you need to because I'm closing the floor for questions.

I'm going to wait my hatch down there.

Okay.

And so you close the floor over my hat.

Wait, like it's the ice skating rink.

Yep.

Alright, Greg, I'm going to have to ask you how do you like to vote, sir?

Because at the very last minute you said you were drunk all the time when you found the hundreds, first I was going to say the figures because it seemed more fun and you could fall in love with them.

So there was the potential of having a relationship with the figures, which would mean I would fall in love with my own character that I voiced and Scott Capuro, who was a very tall gay man who was a friend of mine.

And it didn't seem that much different than my own life because I had of course fallen in love with my own voice and was mesmerized by the sound of it, which is why I'm talking now to no point.

But I'm going to go with the $100 bills now because the whole being drunk and having exploding die pack scenario kind of appeals to me.

Okay, good.

Jesse, how do you like to vote, sir?

As much as I would love to have the eternal companionship of a miniature me living in whispering.

What's like Dr. Evil?

I can't throw in.

I can't throw my lad in with the Federal Reserve System and the Freemasons.

And I do require love.

People don't know that about Jesse, the Hartman, to her.

And I require the love of another being.

Who do you love right now?

I love my wife and the number of concubines.

But if this scenario happened and played out, I would chase love.

And so I would love the floating Star Wars miniature characterings.

You've been known as Jesse, the body venture, Jesse, the mind venture, Jesse, the bill venture, and now Jesse, the hard venture.

And you know what?

I like this Jesse venture the best.

So do I.

Thank you for revealing yourself to us right now and being honest.

You've got it.

And I want to say to all the other young people out there who are professional wrestlers and think that maybe one day they'll never love someone.

Let me tell you something.

I know as we go hand in hand, let me tell you something, Gorilla Man soon.

You will find love.

It is out there.

It's out there.

It's out there under the ring.

It's out there behind the pyrotechnic door.

It's in the locker room.

It's in the turnbuckle.

You will find love out there this summer at SummerSlam 87.

It was like a Winston Churchill speech.

That's very moving.

You should make a King speech type movie about what he just said.

All right, Ice.

I'll pitch it.

All right.

I see otherwise known as Trice.

No, I see otherwise known as Trice.

Scott, I got to recuse myself.

What?

On the ground.

I know this is unprecedented.

This has never happened before.

I got to recuse myself on the ground that I'm going to rip all this off for an episode of Planet Central.

No, you are?

I'm just going to take it.

Which scenario?

Both.

It's going to be a two-part.

Wow.

And how are you going to investigate that?

You and Gil's in it.

I can't investigate it.

It's like magic or five-bell my control.

Do you recuse yourself in the episode as well?

Yeah, that's probably how they both will end.

I'm sorry I have to recuse myself.

I heard the scenario on it.

Would you rather get it right?

Just let horrific crimes continue.

Previously on Planet Central.

It's a tie-in for superfanth.

Wow.

Okay, that's never happened before.

Subs are going to that on Planet Central.

Let me tell you at the points.

No, you started at negative three, but then I made a mistake and said you were positive six and I cannot go back on a mistake.

So you're at positive three.

I had to dock you, I see negative three points for being a tattle-tail and a snitch.

But Greg, you picked the right scenario.

I did?

Yes, you picked the...

I mean I did.

Yeah.

You picked the...

Popeye.

You picked the Franklin's and that is four points.

So you just eke out above Jesse the heart venture.

You are a winner.

And that is, of course, how we play would you rather.

So congratulations.

I'm now doing the Smurf.

He actually is doing this breath.

Wow.

I said I was doing it.

Well guys, that was a great game and...

You did good at this word.

We only have one thing left to do on the show.

When I promise to do the Smurf, I do it even if you can't see me.

That's true.

We only have one thing left to do on the show and that is a little something we call plugs.

Oh yeah.

All right.

That is she's so plugly by double.

Oh no.

That is a plug theme of course.

If you have a theme for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plug section, go to earwolf.com or our message boards and submit it and we can play it right here on this show.

All right.

So guys, we all know that it is Monday, March 5th and Greg, aside from being itself by Southwest and doing your own podcast there, what can people see coming out from you?

I'm opening for the Steve Miller Band on the Proof of Dreams tour that's coming up a little bit later this month.

Great.

Fantastic.

So I'll be talking about Southwest.

I'll be doing the comedy Bang Bang there and then I'm going to London.

I'll be in London, England at the SoHo Theatre, like the 20 th I think through the 24th podcast on the 27th in London.

Then Glasgow that weekend, a podcast that weekend and then for your listeners in Paris, I'll be in Paris on April 4th doing the podcast.

Oh wow.

Wow.

I was a free man in Paris.

You felt unfettered and alive.

No one was calling you up for favor.

So no one's future to decide.

You'd go back there tomorrow.

By the way, while you're there, there's this place there that you have to check out.

What is it, a B-Stru?

It's this place there where Naked Ladies dance and there's this hole in the wall where you can just see them all.

It's amazing.

I'll tell, I'll give you the address after when we sign off .

All right, Jesse, the hard venture out.

What do you like to plug?

Well, yes, I will also be at South by Southwest.

Oh, you will.

That's right.

Reconnoidering with Ron Paul.

Good.

We're figuring that out.

And then later in April, I'll be at the French Town Comedy Festival in Portland, Oregon.

Good.

And then in May.

So you don't ever do gigs for money.

At mid-May, I'll be at the Laughing Skull in Atlanta.

Wow.

All right.

I was going to say, I don't do these for comedic purposes.

I just find that the side effect of comedy is that it involves a lot of truth and I am a truth addict.

All right.

Well, I want to plug the South by Southwest Festival coming up.

Of course, I have all the shows that I've talked about on previous shows coming up here, but we're doing the stand-up shows on Saturday.

We're doing the live podcast, which is going to be amazing on Sunday.

Oh, I'm not invited to do that.

No, you are not.

And Monday, we have the IFC show at the IFC house.

That'll be great.

And also, this is really important.

Watch IFC this Friday after Portlandia.

First of all, watch the season finale of Portlandia.

Then stick around.

This is a major announcement.

Stick around for 10 minutes after we are going to sneak preview the comedy bang bang TV show.

Sweet.

So check that out on Friday on IFC this Friday, right after the Portlandia season finale.

And analyze the footage yourself.

Don't believe what they tell you at the so-called independent film channel.

That's true.

All right.

Now, I see I've saved you the best for last.

Thanks, man.

What do you like to plug?

We always love it when I see plugs things.

So what do you have?

Obviously.

Plan of Santa are obviously.

Plan of Santa are coming soon.

Also me and body count.

We're doing live St. Patrick's Day concert in Galway.

What better way to spend it's us and the chief dance.

I think they don is going to make an appearance and maybe clonade.

Sweet.

Also the course.

Oh, that was a big that was a big thing.

I can't even talk about right.

Sorry.

No, no, no.

I mean, they were supposed to be there, but I've already said too much.

Yeah.

I would like to see some of my remainder of my plugs.

This has never happened before, so I, of course, cannot allow it.

I do it.

Well, I wish you could find it in your heart to do so, Scott.

Because this is a friend of yours who you never have who it is.

Yeah.

You know, it's got Paul F. Tompkins.

Oh, I love Paul F. Tompkins.

I know.

Oh, I mean, yeah, he too.

But he's got this show coming up.

He's the part of this guy's show, David Reese, who does artisanal pencil sharpening.

Now this sounds like some made up bullshit.

It does.

But this guy wrote a book and everything.

He's doing a show at Largo.

It's going to be crazy.

And Paul is part of that show.

What date might the show be?

Saturday, April 21st.

Oh, also, that's very same night.

Paul's going to be on television.

What?

Comedy Central.

His latest hour of stand up called laboring under delusions .

What's the hour?

That's right.

It is Saturday night.

Comedy Central, April 21st.

I almost did second.

Why did I go back and say the wrong date?

April 21st.

All right.

Well, that's fantastic.

Good luck to him.

Then in May, he's going on tour.

He's going to come to a city near you if you live in a major metropolitan area.

He doesn't visit small, awkward, speed ram type of questions.

That would be good restaurants.

No, come on.

There's no trailers and whatnot.

No.

All right.

Well, let's close up.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

No, that's plugs.

All right.

That's been a great show.

I want to thank my guests, Greg Proops.

I want to thank Jesse, the hard venture.

I want to thank Iced Tea.

Guys, it's been too long since we've all been in the same room together.

Can you open up the floor so I can get my hat out?

All right.

I'm opening up.

I'm closing the old plug bag.

I'm opening the floor and we will see you next week.

All right.

Bye bye.

♪ Here it goes ♪ This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.
