---
layout: page
title: 148. Jason Mantzoukas,Andy Daly [11950⧸21032].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

You'll see him in the upcoming Sacha Baron Cohen movie, The Dictator.

He also has his own podcast.

How did this get made?

That's right. Jason Menzukas is here.

Plus a new friend is here to join us.

All of that and more all on today's ♪♪♪ Do you have a widdling knife?

Welcome to the show.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

I am, of course, Scott Ockerman, the host of the show, aka The Chalk Taw.

Thanks to Doug for that catchphrase submission.

If you have one, go to earwolf.com and submit it up.

And I must say that there are fewer days I look more forward to than days with my total bro, who's sitting across from me right now.

You know him as an actor.

He was in the league.

He's in Children's Hospital.

He writes on Children's Hospital.

He's in the upcoming movie The Dictator.

Fellow podcaster, is that safe to say?

Of course.

Jason Menzukas is right here, right now, right in your ear hole.

Boom! This is happening!

People are taking off their earbuds.

Is that what you mean?

Tenga, good.

That guy too loud.

Just too loud.

We'll equalize that, I hope.

If Q it, if not, let us know.

Oh boy.

Yeah.

We need to let people know to let us know if something is off with the show, right?

If everybody could let us know how the show is going on a moment to moment basis, that would be phenomenal.

Could we get a minute by minute review one of these days?

Could somebody, has anybody ever live tweeted an episode of the show as they listen to it?

That's what I want.

This is the episode to do it, Dury.

Every minute, there is going to be an exciting twist and or turn.

Yeah.

There will be a lot of cliffhangers during this show.

A lot of to be continued.

Oh, I just fell off a cliff, by the way.

Shame on you.

I was referring to Cliffhanger the movie, so that's just a look.

I just watched it for real?

For real?

He's like, I got the Blu-ray and I watched it.

Okay, everything you just said depresses me.

I know.

What is wrong with my life?

Was it so crisp?

Was it just spectacular?

Oh, you know what I was really aware of was how bad titles were.

No, I don't mean the literal title of the movie, but I mean the fonts that they used for titles back in 1992 or 1993.

I'm sure.

They look terrible.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's the opposite of you.

Mawless.

Oh boy.

Is that really just what we're doing?

Has Billy Crystal come up?

Get your live tweets out.

Has Billy Crystal...

Live Tweeted people.

Live Tweeted.

Has Billy Crystal come back so much because of the Oscars that you are not just inserting his catchphrases from the 80s into the modern lexicon?

Let me just tell you something about Billy.

Oh boy.

He hosted marvellously.

I'm going to be honest with you.

He didn't.

What?

He did not.

It was garbage.

He has a shrunken.

He has a shrunken apple head.

He literally has a shrunken apple head.

He is depressing.

It was sad.

I felt like he was apologizing for himself the entire show.

Live Tweeted.

I don't buy anything.

What are you saying?

He's a national treasure.

I felt safe in his hands.

If he's a national treasure, Nick Cage should go and find him and eradicate him.

Okay?

Is that what Nick Cage is doing in that movie?

He eradicating...

He eradicating national treasure.

He eradicating treasure.

I have to find the back of the Declaration of Independence and blow it up.

There's a secret message on the Magna Carta.

I have to eradicate it.

Is that what number two was about the Magna Carta?

I have no idea.

But you, speaking of movies, you have many loves.

Chief among them comedy.

I love comedy.

I love it.

But film and cinema has got to be bringing up the rear.

Film, so comedy?

These are your categories.

Comedy, film, and cinema.

Film slash cinema is number two.

Well, I mean, like we just saw in the Oscars this weekend.

I mean, like best cinema.

By the way, if you're listening to this, I know you're listening to this quite some time after the Oscars.

I am going to South by Southwest very soon, so I'm taping this before.

Got it.

You may be getting this while I'm at South by or the week after I do.

I should have known that.

That's quite all right.

But we were talking about...

No, I'm blaming you.

You should have told me that before we started rough.

That was a criticism.

But no, we just watched the Oscars and boy, what a night.

Oh.

Well, let me just say...

We watched them together.

We did.

And let me just say that the night of the Oscars is Oscars primary night to shine, the night that the Oscars happen.

There are 12 nights of Oscars.

I don't understand what you're talking about.

There are 12 nights of Oscars.

Okay.

Let's count them down.

Number one.

We're counting them down from one.

Yeah.

Okay.

Number one.

Okay.

The Oscars.

Zero.

Negative one.

We got to go to zero.

Okay.

We've got to go to zero.

12 nights of Oscars.

Night number one.

Okay.

The Oscars.

Zero.

Zero is the Oscar nominations.

When they're announced.

Okay.

All right.

Yep.

Negative one.

You have when the issue of entertainment weekly comes out.

The Oscars.

That predicts what the Oscar nominations will be.

Yep.

Okay.

Negative two.

You have the issue of entertainment weekly that announces what the Oscar nominations were.

I feel like entertainment weekly might be sponsoring this show.

Okay.

Negative three.

Yep.

You have the issue of entertainment weekly that predicts who the winners will be based upon those nominations.

Yep.

Absolutely.

Negative four.

Yes.

You have the issue of entertainment weekly that wraps up how the Oscars actually went down.

Absolutely.

Negative five.

Five.

You have the night that the Oscars wins an Emmy for best variety or a award show.

Whatever that is.

Okay.

All right.

That's seven nights so far.

12 nights of Oscars.

Here we go.

Negative six.

Come on.

Help me out.

Oh, of course.

Negative six is the is when the Today Show follows actors who may be announced to get an Oscar live when the nominations are announced.

There we go.

Right.

Negative seven.

The issue of entertainment weekly that takes a comedic approach in the list to what the Oscar nominations may be.

Great.

It's a piece of comedy.

Jim Mullen gets in there.

I wish by the way, I love comedy.

Comedy, film, and cinema are two, three of my favorite things.

Okay, keep going.

Negative eight.

We have, oh, of course, the issue of entertainment weekly that talks about the snubs.

Yep.

Oh, yeah.

Snubs and flubs.

Snubs and flubs, guys.

You know, and then, of course, negative nine.

Our 11th night of Oscar, we have the issue of entertainment weekly that talks about the flubs.

Yep.

In relation to the snubs.

Snubs and the right.

No, we talked about the snubs on the other issue.

No, because we said snubs and flubs.

Yeah, they said snubs and flubs.

They talk about the snubs and how the Oscars flubbed when they snubbed.

But what I'm talking about is the issue that talks about all the flubs in the telecast.

Totally separate.

Totally separate issues.

And then, of course, the 12th night of Oscar.

Which is just the night that commemorates all the people that have died.

Ah, the in-memorium.

It's the issue of entertainment weekly.

It's the issue of the in-memorium issue of entertainment.

Front to back dead people.

I think there needs to be more issues of entertainment weekly.

Guys, can we talk about entertainment weekly right now?

It is a publication that is focused on three things I love the most.

Comedy, film, cinema.

And it's relatively cheap now to subscribe.

A lot of people don't know that.

Oh, a lot of people don't know about subscriptions.

A lot of people don't know about magazines.

You can get 54 issues for as low as 98 cents an issue.

Really?

A lot of people, most people do not know it's that low current.

I had no idea.

To be honest, I had no idea.

You just have to buy them.

I'm genuinely shocked.

You have to buy them in advance.

And that's what a subscription is.

Oh my god.

Is you are paying a down payment on your entertainment in the future?

At this point, people are live tweeting, please stop talking about entertainment weekly.

Is this for real?

You guys are out of your minds.

It is for real, unfortunately.

We love entertainment weekly and they are a big sponsor of the show.

As well as Google, reminder, if you're going to Google something, don't go to Bing and try to Google something.

Go to Google.

Bing it.

Why don't you Bing it?

No, no, no, no.

That's the exact opposite of what we're trying to get across here.

Are we trying to promote Google?

I'm still.

Yeah, they're sponsoring.

They're escaping.

There's no.

I'm still autovisting.

Google doesn't power that?

Huh?

Google power.

Google.

I don't think so.

Did Google doesn't power your browser?

I'm searching with web crawler right now.

Is that weird?

That is weird.

Just make sure to go.

If you're going to Google something, don't go to Bing.

Go to Google.

So go to Google, but search via Bing.

Now, Jason, we're almost here.

Speaking of the Oscars.

Oh, so good.

You're watching the Oscar pre-show, I'm sure, when your cast mate, Sasha Baron Cohen, made national headlines.

Just spilled Asha's all.

He made national headlines.

Ah.

Boom.

That's what I'm talking about.

Tweet it.

Live tweet.

Repeat it.

Then tweet it.

Yeah.

Spilled Asha's all over Ryan Seacrest.

Pretty.

Did he text you and say, hey, bro, guess what I'm doing?

He was like, bro, check it out.

This is what's happening.

No, I don't know why I bring that up.

You're in that movie.

I mean, it's coming up very soon, right?

Well, it's coming up in May.

But now it's like there's posters everywhere.

It's now starting that period where there's posters and billboards and things like this.

That the Oscars, it's kind of ramping up in a way that is kind of crazy.

How are you getting involved in the mass promotional marketing plan, my man?

Right now, I'm just like, I'm going to be in the issue of entertainment.

We've got it dedicated to the movie.

Great.

Which is...

Who's on the cover of that one?

Have we shot it yet?

Do we know exactly when, what week does it come out?

Oh, I have no idea.

So I'm sure it'll...

I'm not in it.

They've shot it already.

I'm sure they've shot everything.

I will not be in it at all.

I'm not in the movie, I don't think.

What?

I'm just kidding.

You're a huge part of the movie.

People will be shocked.

They will be shocked.

They will be like, that is that guy with the beard that we know from podcasts.

Fellow podcasters.

Fellow podcast.

Oh my god, that guy is a fellow podcaster.

Because everybody has a podcast now.

Don't they, you know what?

Everybody has a podcast and I would venture to say that most people have the internet as well these days.

I mean, I think that's...

Here's what I was wondering.

Okay, the internet is supposedly infinite, right?

How do we contain it on Earth?

What is ostensibly a finite place?

What?

Yeah, exactly.

We'll be right back.

That's...

I don't know.

Are we taking breaks?

I don't think so.

We're gonna take some breaks.

Don't you worry.

We're gonna get some...

I don't want to take any breaks.

We're gonna get some ads.

Don't worry.

We'll take some breaks.

Are we doing ads now?

We're doing a ton of ads.

First of all, we have Entertainment Weekly.

As low as 98 cents.

And that's only if you get it for three years though.

Really?

Three years?

Quite a long time.

Yeah, but that's how you get it down low to 98 cents per issue.

I would like an Entertainment Weekly had some straight up nude center folds.

That would...

Yeah, you know what I mean?

I do genuinely feel like I don't read magazines as much.

And what would drive me to an Entertainment Weekly is just ...

titty.

You know what I'm talking about?

I just fucking titty.

I really want to have wanted to do this forever.

Especially when you know how when you go to a festival, a comedy festival, quite often they'll put you on the plane with your comedy friends.

Of course.

You know, I really want to get just a hardcore porn magazine in the airport and then casually flip through it on the plane just to make them laugh.

I think that'd be really funny.

I feel like you should do that when you travel with your wife.

Yeah.

You actually should kiss your wife.

You should be like, oh babe, I love you.

And then you should pull out just like Beaver Patrol.

That's the magazine where they go on Beaver Patrol, right?

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

So it's a magazine about guys, park rangers who are responsible for policing the beavers of the forest and...

All these naked women get in the way.

They come their work.

They're wearing the way Beaver Patrol.

It has to like bust the naked ladies who are no doubt having a picnic.

Bam.

All these guys want to do is they want to have sex with be avers.

Yep.

And then these naked ladies get annoyed by a bitch, right?

Well, a lot of times the guys are looking for beavers and they see like the naked ladies private parts.

And they're like, there's a beaver right there because like in the bushes or something.

Oh wait a minute, I'm just realizing something.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Naked ladies vaginas.

Well, here's the thing.

Look like actual beaver.

They don't anymore.

What would that magazine be now?

Because here's the thing, Beaver Patrol like big giant bushes made it look like a be aver or porcupine depending.

Oh man, that would be a true...

Among your loves are beavers, by the way.

We should...

Oh, you have comedy, showman cinema, and beavers.

And the porno magazine, Beaver Patrol.

Yeah, those are...

Which I bought thinking it was a magazine about beavers.

It was not, but I discovered a whole new thing that I loved , which was just...

Which was the E for her, Janice.

Just...

What, but...

Big hairy bushes.

Speaking of hairy bushes...

Yeah.

Are you disappointed now that ladies aren't rocking the...

basically what is on your face down there?

Um...

Oh my god.

Like a downstairs beard?

Yeah.

A giant downstairs beard?

Are you disappointed?

I mean, we're old enough that we've seen the fashions come and go.

We have.

First of all, we grew up in the 60s.

It was a...

It was a wild time.

Yes.

The fashions are the day where anything goes.

Yeah, yeah.

The music was revolutionary.

Back around 1967 through 1969, things started to happen in this country.

Oh yeah.

Where we started to question, hey, is our government really in charge or should we be in charge?

Are we going to get out of this war in Vietnam, man?

And then the 70s happen and all of a sudden, you know, you have people like Richard Nixon.

You have Watergate.

Yeah.

You're starting to say, hey, look guys.

Yep.

Are the people in charge, should they be in charge?

Holy shit.

You know?

Gerald Ford.

Should he have been in charge?

I don't think so.

We don't know.

If you're live tweeting this show, it is fully off the rails.

Full blown off the rails.

But what I'm trying to say is from the 60s to the 70s, not a lot of wiggle room in what's going on down there.

No.

With the ladies.

I would say probably almost none.

I don't think people start grooming that shit until the 80s .

You think around the 80s.

I think porno in the 80s is the first time you start seeing like truly like trimmed up beaves.

And is that because we saw more beaves then and people are like, hey, we got to take care of these beaves?

I don't think, I don't know.

It's like, I feel like, we got to take care of these.

Now that we're showing these beaves everywhere.

But they've been over.

People were showing beaves all the time.

I don't think somebody was like, we're seeing so many be aves.

We got a trim of dads.

Absolutely not.

I'll disagree with you.

In fact, let's agree to disagree currently.

Fine.

But I don't know how this is going to happen.

But go ahead.

Because look, you didn't see beaves in Playboy until you didn't see P.

What Karen Playboy told the 70s.

Sure.

And it was big hairy bees.

Yeah.

And nobody was like, we got to trim down these beaves.

So for like a decade, you saw giant fur pies in an issue of Playboy.

Nobody was like, holy shit, we got to get control of this situation.

No, but things take 10 years to change.

That's what I'm saying.

You know, don't ask, don't tell.

It goes into, hey, you know, it's okay.

You're changing.

You're coming.

I just want to make sure you're comparing.

You're comparing the change in female genital hair manipulation to don't ask, don't tell.

Yes, of course.

There's a lot of parallels there.

Break it down, buddy.

Things take time.

You can't just get into office and say, you know what?

Hey, anything goes.

You got to step by step, break it down.

Listen, buddy.

Pewick hair was not a decree of the president.

So this is not, this is a cultural thing.

You are way off base at the beginning.

Honestly, I don't think so.

The live tweeters are, are, are live it.

Oh my goodness.

Well, that's, that's best live tweets.

Gonna win $10,000.

I hear.

That is true.

That is one thing.

That is why by entertainment weekly.

We mentioned that didn't know.

We didn't mention that at the top of the show.

Yeah, the best, best live tweeters show wins $10,000.

Of course, just send them with the hashtag entertainment weekly rock cvb.

Uh huh, uh huh.

Yeah, I like it.

So that may take up almost all of your 140 characters.

I'm not sure.

Well, that's the thing that all the tweets, all the live tweets can only be three characters because the hashtag is itself 137 characters.

Yeah, you're just going to see a lot of live tweets.

Dumb, B-U-M, gay, Ugg, fags.

Nope, too long.

That's far.

That's part of a bit.

Well, Jason, you're one of America's great lovers of comedy , lovers of film, lovers of cinema, lovers of thieves.

Lovers of bees.

And for the ladies, let me just say for the ladies, you know what?

I hope, I hope you don't mind that we've been talking about thieves.

Hey, ladies.

You know what?

If you're live tweeting the show and you're a lady, just twit, pick a picture of your beef.

Come on now.

Did we need $10,000?

No, it's not that kind of show.

You will win $10,000 for that.

But it's not that kind of show.

I don't want to broadcast that.

We don't.

Okay, out there.

No, there's a lot.

I would like to broadcast that.

There's a lot.

I would like to put it out there.

There's a lot of wonderful women who listen to this show.

And I don't want to make them uncomfortable.

I just like, I can't.

You don't.

I want to objectify them.

I want to look at their business.

Listen to this.

Come on.

I want to see before and after beef shots.

Trimmed it up, grown out.

No, we don't do that on this show.

Ladies, I hope you don't find this kind of talk offensive because it's not that kind of show.

We're an inclusive show.

And just because we're talking about beeps because.

We're bros.

This is what we talk like.

Exactly.

That's what I'm trying to say.

We're bros.

So ladies, we're included.

We drink beer.

But we're beers.

We're bros.

We talk about boobs and beeps.

Some wins.

Very current reference.

Ladies, I apologize for the last 15 minutes.

You're going to enjoy the show.

The rest of the show.

Ladies, I don't apologize.

And I'm single.

Are you single?

Oh, yes I am.

What's going on down there?

I'm down there?

Oh my god, not much.

But plenty in terms of hair.

I didn't mean to say not much in terms of like, I trim.

What's your approach?

To my pubic hair?

No, no, no.

I mean to a lady.

Like if a lady was interested in you, what should she expect?

Like what is she?

Looing.

She's at the bar.

Yeah.

You've exchanged a couple of like, oh, hey.

This is what happens, ready?

OK, here we go.

She's at the bar.

We exchange a flirt with flirting chit-chat, chit-chat.

I'm using some of my comedic skills, some of my cinematic skills, some of my filmic skills to really dab.

24 frames per second.

Yeah, 4K projection.

That's the future.

No, I don't do 30 per second or 29.

Whatever it is.

That's for TV.

Then at the point in the evening, where it looks like it's going to, it's going to jump off.

Like I'm walking her to her car, or we're exchanging numbers, whatever.

You're trying to extend the evening a little bit.

Usually when she tells me she lives with her boyfriend.

Is that true?

Oh, yes.

At which point I become a deflated nightmare, and I'm like, wait, what's happening?

What's going on here?

And I become like a little whiny baby.

That happened to me once.

I talked to a girl in a bar, probably for too long.

That's the problem.

Yes, I talked to her for four hours.

All of our friends were there as bar populated just by everyone we knew.

But I started talking to a nice woman for four hours.

And at the end of the four hours, I was like, so should I get your number?

And she went, nope.

The worst rejection of the day.

Wow.

Just nope.

Oh, that's brutal.

Yeah, it was brutal.

Brutes.

At two, brutes.

Brutes.

All right, Jason, let's take a little.

Brutes, but two.

Let's take one of our aforementioned breaks.

What do you say?

We've got to get to our second guest.

You would love nothing more than we take a break.

So let's take a- Live tweet the break.

Live tweet the break.

I would love to hear what you think of this particular break because we're going to play a song.

We're going to take a little break.

Here we go.

This is comedy bang bang.

We're taking it to the stars.

♪ ♪ Baby let me be ♪ ♪ Baby say I need to be free ♪ ♪ All I need ♪ ♪ I'm begging to please ♪ ♪ One said to be free ♪ ♪ If you don't want me ♪ ♪ I'm gonna let me be ♪ ♪ Oh baby let me be ♪ ♪ Baby say I need to be free ♪ ♪ You're dreaming so bad ♪ ♪ You're making a song so bad ♪ ♪ One said to be free ♪ ♪ If you don't want me ♪ ♪ Baby let me be ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ ♪ Say you're on this battle now ♪ ♪ To keep running around ♪ ♪ What am I supposed to do ♪ ♪ How can I keep loving you ♪ ♪ Oh baby let me ♪ Uh-huh welcome back to the show.

Comedy Bang Bang we are here.

Geece Manzoukas, my bro forever.

What's up buddy?

Matching tattoos.

Yeah we have them.

Yep.

We finally got them after that last show.

Yeah we got a whole bunch of matching tattoos.

We got Daryl Hammond.

♪ I said I wouldn't mention him to show.

She got Daryl Hammond cutting tattoos.

♪ Little marks on our bodies that say cut here.

Ah sorry sorry sorry.

How dare you?

I mean literally during the break we discussed how we were doing better than the last time because we didn't bring up Daryl Hammond's cutting and you instantly brought it up.

Ha ha ha.

I'm a little stinking.

Oh boy.

Oh my gosh.

Guys people have problems.

We're here addressing them.

We're here to talk about that.

That's a thing.

We're addressing them.

We have a myriad of topics to cover.

Beaves being foremost.

Beaves.

And then people's problems.

Guys Whitney Houston is dead.

She's dead.

I finally heard about that the other day.

And I was like.

You've finally heard about it?

You've been waiting to hear about it?

I'd been sitting there waiting the news.

Expecting it.

You know what?

In David Jones he's gone too.

David Jones.

These monkeys are dropping like flies.

He's a red part today.

These monkeys are dropping like this.

I wanted to tweet that and then realize people do not like when you make jokes about a celebrity death mere hours after they're really done.

But now it's been a few weeks we can all laugh about it.

No but I was a huge monkeys fan.

What about you?

Huge monkeys fan.

I had that problem of not quite understanding why the monkeys were so similar to the Beatles and weren't the Beatles.

Mm.

You know what I mean?

Like that I was young enough when I saw the monkeys that I was like I think this is the Beatles.

Oh you're not.

And I'm confused.

Wow you were stupid.

I was like oh my god I was such a fucking dumb dumb.

Did you ever get smart?

I also thought Scooby-Doo was real people.

He hasn't gone on to star in too many things.

Scooby-Doo he's in a bunch of stuff.

What's he been in lately?

Scooby-Doo is he's the alien and alien versus predator.

Oh no way.

The dog Scooby-Doo.

Yeah yeah yeah.

Scooby-Doo is the alien and alien versus predator.

He was in a room with a view.

Oh my god.

Uh.

He's like that dude who plays Gollum.

He was in Captain Carelli's Mandolin.

Oh.

Lover of cinema.

All right well speaking of loving things.

Technically I think that's film but let's not argue.

Speaking of loving things I would love to introduce our next guest.

And we can do it together if you like.

Meaning I'll do it and you watch me.

Oh wow.

I love how inclusive you are.

You fucking asshole.

You piece of shit.

Here we go.

He you know him as the original cowboy poet.

He has a book coming out.

Please welcome Dalton Wilcox to the show.

It's wonderful to be here.

Thank you so much.

How are you Dalton?

I'm good.

I'm turning up my headphones a little bit.

I can hear myself a little bit better.

Let me get you.

I think you got to operate that.

I want to be over here.

Nope I'll switch over here.

This one over here wasn't working in my ride here.

All right.

Well this is kind of a real free-willing show.

Oh absolutely.

You guys just have a lot of fun and joke around and all that stuff.

I like it.

I like the spirit of it.

You're outfit.

I just want to say you.

Where are like a real cowboy?

I am a real cowboy.

You got that whole jingle jangle.

Well my spurs the jangle jangle.

That's one of us.

During the break just the people at home who are live tweeting and listening.

We had to have Dalton take his spurs off before we started again because they were making two questions.

Because I'm here in Hollywood and I guess you consider them a weapon, darling.

So you got to take off your spurs.

We got a little room tone with spurs and without spurs just in case.

So if you're hearing the spurs right now, it's because we're looping that ring tone with spurs.

I don't even know how all that works.

I'm just a cowboy poet.

That's true.

Right now they're on the range.

And you know I've often been called the poet laureate of the west.

How often?

Oh my gosh.

How often?

Yeah.

It's hard to calculate how often I've been called between just loose conversations.

So you haven't been keeping your running tally.

You know what I have.

Have you called yourself that?

Is that what's going on?

Well to be I'll be perfectly frank with you.

I've referred to myself as the poet laureate of the west.

So many of you.

Were you like the king of pop Michael Jackson who tried to get that going by his lonesome?

Well gosh I don't remember who it was who first called me that and called it me.

It called called me it and printed and it might have been me.

What kind of publications in print?

Well I've I print down a newsletter and I'm bringing it to your own public.

I'm making a parking here.

So you've been called the poet laureate of the west.

I believe you.

By yourself in your own publication.

I believe it was me who first called me that.

Yeah.

And it has been calling me that.

Is this an online publication?

I wish.

Nope.

I printed out.

And I handed out in Haudhounds and rodeos and do you have any kind of centerfold in there for Jason?

Yeah.

Like anything in the any beaves.

Does your newsletter have any beaves there?

I heard you talking about beavers before.

I don't care if that kind of conversation.

I have my own experience.

This is like that a Monday.

This is the kind of this hey this is the program you're on buddy.

We tend to let it all hang out here.

That's an evidence.

Evidently. No it's my newsletter is just I'm a celebrated chronicler and collector of the wit and wisdom of the wild west out there on the range in the plains.

So this is kind of a bygone era or is this the wild west that's currently happening?

The west is very much alive and well now.

Still is.

As long as there are cows that need rustling up there will be cowboys.

How long do you think that'll be?

I've figured that'll be forever.

I reckon that'll be until the earth crashes into the sun.

Well that's not going to happen.

You don't think the earth is going to crash into the sun?

Sir I do not.

That's what they say is going to be the end of the humankind.

I don't know.

I think that something's going to crash into the earth before we crash into the sun.

That's precisely what I'm saying.

A gigantic meteor will crash into the earth and then that will kill us all.

That'll be the end.

It's not the crashing into the sun part.

No there will be some fun.

Let me tell you why you're wrong.

You think so?

Because we will know that it's coming and we will move underground and we'll protect ourselves and that and they'll be cows down there underground and they will need cowboys to rustle them up.

No big cowboys.

I don't see this happening.

I think at that point once we're living underground we are cannibals.

Yeah.

I think the cows are gone.

Everything's gone.

We are cannibals.

This is like a mad max scenario.

It's not going to matter because within a year the earth will have been knocked off as access by this meteor.

Wait, within a year you say?

Well I said it was going to happen right away but it will take a year for us to fully.

Oh, okay.

Not within a year from right now.

Crash into the sun.

No, I don't have an accurate prediction.

Just when is it going to happen?

I bought property up on topic Mount Kilimanjaro because when it happens all of a sudden the oceans rise it 'll be beachfront property.

Okay.

Why do you quit?

Wait, what happened?

I thought you were going to go through the whole sign.

No, you're going into a different song.

You started with Wipeout.

Is that Wipeout?

I believe it is.

Okay.

And then you went into a totally different song.

Oh baby, I do love that you expected us to rescue you from that.

I wish the people at home could have appreciated the dance moves.

I wish the people at home could have seen the look on his face that was screaming help me.

He looked just started something that I don't want to keep going.

That's a lot of fun.

All right.

What is your relationship to Gaochos?

A bigger part.

What's your relationship question?

That's a lot.

Scott, thank you so much.

We're getting to the heart of the moon.

No, I don't know what you were talking about.

We're digging into the meat because I've been out there.

I don't know what you mean.

You don't know what Gaochos are?

Sure don't.

They're out there.

Jason, please.

Gaochos are, I believe aren't Gaochos Mexican cowboys?

Yes, exactly.

Mexican cowboys.

What's your relationship to?

Oh, that's not what I call them.

Oh, no.

What's going on here?

I don't call them Gaochos.

Oh, boy.

You got them Mexican cowboys.

Boy.

This has taken a dark day.

That's not what I call them.

I got a number of names for them.

Yeah, I'm sure we're not going to be a little bit damn polite.

Jason asked a lighthearted question that, you know, where ...

What do you got your answer, whiteheart?

Oh, boy.

It's also the name of a Steely Dan record, guys.

What's that?

Gaochos.

Pretty great record.

Yeah, pretty great.

Let's talk about which album is the best by Steely Dan.

Let's rank them.

Let's count them down from one.

Count them down from one.

Yeah, count them down from one.

I think it's cozy found to do fruity.

That's a squeeze album.

Come on.

Oh, shit.

I wouldn't get that.

You can't get that.

You can't slip that pass by me.

What?

I thought I could.

What did I just say?

You can't squeeze that pass by me.

Oh, boy.

So Dalton, tell us why you're here.

You have got a book coming out on promoting my book.

It's called You Must Buy Your Wife.

At least as much jewelry as you buy your horse and other poems and observations, humorous and otherwise from a life on the range.

That's fun.

That's the title of my book.

It's the title of the little unwieldy.

A big part.

It titles a little unwieldy.

Well, I looked at how much room there was on the cover of your average book, and I says people aren't using that.

Yeah, I'm basically, you can get a lot more.

I'm using 10%.

That's precisely right.

You know what I mean?

They put a picture on there or something.

I want to communicate to folks a whole lot of different and interesting things about what they're going to find in the book.

Most people put a picture on their cover of their book.

I say put a thousand words.

Well, I'll leave it out.

Oh, I see.

Because a picture is worth a thousand words.

Yeah.

Terrific.

Wow.

Just terrific.

You know, Jason, I need a little more support from you.

You need support from me?

No, I mean.

You're the one that decided to acapella sing wipe out after - The last two things that I've done- As a congratulations to yourself for a bit gone bad.

Last two things I've done.

Let's count them down from one.

Wipe out and number zero.

Picture worth a thousand words.

Yeah.

You have just- I'll go get a one all over before.

Negative one was the Oscar- 12 nights of Oscar- No, you back me up.

I was a little bit of a bull right in there.

You did that.

That was nice.

You never did get to all 12 nights in Oscar, though.

I hope we do revisit it later in the broadcast.

What do we just make?

Dalton, I am certain we will.

Okay, good.

I'm glad.

Because I think as far as I know, and only got a number of negative six.

And I believe or seven.

A long way to go.

And a lot of it got fewer than were absolute.

Dalton, shut up.

I want to hear your poetry.

Do you have any goddamn poems to tell us?

Sure I do.

I got a poem here called The Lonesome Cowboy.

Here we go.

Want some cowboy?

Is this an exclusive?

Yeah, it's an exclusive.

I never- Yep, that's right.

It comes out in the new book.

Nobody ever heard of it.

No one's ever heard of this poem.

All right, exclusive here.

Comedy Bang Bang.

This is a world premiere exclusive.

Anything you want to say, James?

You're going to know.

And I'm just- I'm baited breath.

I'm all right.

Baited breath.

But you can start listening now, because this is where it begins.

Live tweet.

Here it is.

Live tweet is this poem.

Yeah, well, free to do that, but don't give away the ending.

A cowboy is a lonesome man.

There's none more lonesome in the land.

He rides atop his only friend.

His horse, a companion on whom he can depend.

His woman may be miles behind him.

Sadness and desperation may find him.

But a cowboy whose wives will turn to the earth to lend him solace and even mirth.

The earth from which all beauty springs, such bounty fourths she always brings, he'll dig a hole with cracked scorched hands, pouring all the water that whole demands, until that hole is moist.

Just right.

The earth will never put up any kind of a fight.

His cries have joyed.

No one will hear.

In case I am not being clear, I'm saying that cowboy is going to fuck a hole in the ground.

We all do it.

That's what I've found.

Any cowboy that knows that lonesome hell can fashion a land Virginia well.

If a cowboy's seed worked like other seeds, there'd be cowboys growing everywhere across the plains like weeds.

That's the poem, the lonesome cowboy.

There's a point early on where you rhyme him with him.

That's what you're glomming on to.

I think you're wrong about that, my friend.

Might I just say that the end of the poem was where my attention was peaked.

What happened?

The part where the cowboy is making love to a hole that he digs in the ground.

I rhyme behind him with me find him.

Yes, him and him.

That's the secondary rhyme.

That's allowable.

That took me out of the poem.

You didn't hear anything after that?

Nope.

What happened afterwards?

Let me just summarize.

This lonesome cowboy is hoping that cowboy clones will grow out of the earth.

Wait, what?

From where, upon the spot, upon which he is masturbating.

Dalton is this a fascinating poem.

They're open to interpretation, but that one is all wrong here.

Because what Scott was just describing sounds like some sort of sci-fi cowboy poem.

Oh, I don't go for that.

No, absolutely not.

Like, we could pod people of the plains.

Hey, do you know, I mean, there's in some ways an artist hates to explain his work, but I will say that it's, I don't hope that cowboys will grow out of the ground and it has nothing to do with masturbation, my friend.

Absolutely nothing to do with that.

Well, as I look at it now, it appears as though the cowboy is having sex with the ground.

Is that a form of masturbation, though?

If there's not another human involved?

There's another area.

Wow.

This cowboys lover is lady earth.

But wait a minute, how?

I'm not, listen, you're a cowboy.

I don't want to put this on you.

They'll put anything on me unless it's a 10 gallon.

This.

I'm with you buddy.

That's a sorts of wittest systems and observations about life on the range that you'll find in my book.

You know what I'm not seeing in this poem?

You must buy your wife at least as much jewelry as you buy your horse and other poems and observations humorous and otherwise from a life on the range.

Yeah.

By who?

By me, Dalton Wilcox, cowboy poet, poet laureate of the west.

Self declared.

What I'm having trouble with is that I don't hear from mother earth's perspective consent.

So this seems to me to be a cowboy entraping the earth.

Raping the earth.

A cowboy would never rape the earth.

But in your poem, you say that the earth doesn't put up much of a fight.

She never would.

That's precisely right.

Why doesn't she put up a fight because she loves a cowboy?

No, because he's just taking her.

No, it's not a fight.

You're saying take the weak earth, rape it, like put the earth up on a pinball machine and just go to town on it.

You think the earth couldn't put up a fight of the earth, wanna do the earth?

The earth didn't wanna be fucked like that by that cowboy.

The earth could do it any number of the earth.

Like what?

Well, there could be an earthquake right there.

Is that what earthquakes are?

Too many people in California trying to fuck the ground?

If someone who is perhaps not a cowboy tries to fuck the earth and the earth doesn't want it, you will get an earthquake, absolutely.

So you have to be a cowboy to fuck the earth and the earth to be okay with it?

I don't know if you have to be, but it certainly helps.

The Dalton Hill.

Goddamn can't be a goddamn Mexican cowboy on that ride.

No, it doesn't want any part of that crap.

A gout show is what it is.

Dalton, do all cowboys fuck the earth?

Absolutely all of them.

And you're a cowboy.

Sure I am.

So you can fuck the earth.

Sure I have.

It's a lonely job.

It's a lonely job out there in the plains.

I tell you what, I have a fashion day laying Virginia out of in the ground.

What now?

A laying Virginia.

It's a what now?

A land Virginia.

I think he means a fresh hole.

Is that what you, that's right?

That's what we call them.

Yeah.

And I've got a favorite one that I've returned to again and again all that time.

Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

Because it's the best one.

How do you know nothing in the interim has taken up shelter in that hole?

Or has done exactly what you're doing to them?

Oh yeah.

How do you know some other guy hasn't come along and been like, Oh look at that land Virginia.

He's a strange.

Just cabbalam.

Just like.

I don't mind that.

Do you ever, let me ask you this.

Like before you.

But I wouldn't mind if a rattler had crawled in there.

Well that's the thing that's what I would worry about.

You gotta be more careful.

That's a real good point.

Before you.

Fuck the land Virginia quote unquote.

Uh-huh.

Do you ever like kiss and or lick it?

Certainly.

You gotta lick it before you kick it.

You bet you do and you've got a wine and a dye on the earth .

Really?

Sure.

Sometimes they'll bring a steak out there.

And I'll light a candle or something like that.

And I'll kiss up on earth.

Sometimes pour some wine into its soil.

I'm not gonna lie Dalton.

This sounds lonely and sad.

Yeah.

I don't know why he does.

I don't know why you're not doing it Jason.

I.

The earth.

You know what?

The earth doesn't even turn around and be like I have a boyfriend at the end that's for sure.

Mars.

Am I right?

No.

Jason.

Oh it would have been real easy to just say yes to that.

I know come on.

Give me one.

Is it mercury then?

Who is it?

It's it's Jupiter.

Well that's a long distance relationship.

It is.

Now that's a about 65 million light years.

Those are just a sort of winter systems that you might find in my book which is titled You Must Buy Your Wife.

Least is much.

We know exactly what you think is called.

So you're so basically cowboys are lonely.

Sure they are.

You don't see another human being for for many sometimes months.

Because you're even like the title of your book.

Do you have a wife?

I do have a wife.

So are you cheating on her with the earth?

Is that like is that an issue between you two?

Does she know that obviously she must now know because of this poem?

Well my wife understands so I have a wife and three daughters and all of them are too fat to get out of bed.

And so.

The same bed?

Mm-hmm.

The same bed?

No you couldn't get them all in one bed.

Yeah well if you custom built an enormous bed.

Well we don't have that kind of money.

Cowboy doesn't make that kind of money.

But all.

An author though.

Cowboy poet laureate.

Well I suppose.

But I don't want to see all four of them in one bed anyway.

Maybe I feel like we may be focusing on the bed slightly too much.

Anyway I don't think my wife minds that I make love do the earth she understands she married a cowboy.

Would you prefer the earth over your wife?

Well that's a hard one no man wants to answer a question like that.

But go ahead.

Yeah I really do enjoy fucking the earth more than anything else.

Yeah I get a lot.

What is it about the earth?

I mean like.

She's so beautiful.

A lot of people would say that a beve is the perfect place to put your penis.

Because they're just they're just made for each other.

I mean it's like a penis just naturally just fits into a be ve.

But if you dig yourself just the right earth or jenny.

Or what you just like a glove.

Just like a earth glove.

An earth glove.

A glove.

Yeah.

Do you ever do that?

Do you ever make a hole just for your hand?

Your hands will not have earth gloves.

I've made earth gloves in my time.

Do you have a finger the earth?

Oh come on Jason it's not that kind of show.

No it's your head.

Do you have a finger the earth?

Come on Jason.

I'm sorry ladies out there I'm sorry.

We're going to move on from this.

Sometimes I've made an earth hat.

You gotta you know I mean you gotta.

It seems like the.

Yeah stand on your head.

Yeah to to work.

It seems like it would be rough you know rough on the peen.

That's why you put just the right amount of water in there.

Oh that's what the whining and dining is all about.

That's what the pouring a little wine up on the earth is all about.

I just want to talk about this that long.

It's just a fact of cowboy life if you get you have sex with earth and that's just how it is.

Do you feel like when you have sex like at the point when you're out there on the range or the planes as you say.

Yeah you don't want you it depends on cowboy covers a lot of turf you might be out on the range or you might be out on the plane.

You might at one point you might be like on a horse and just kind of walking along next to a train track.

Yeah absolutely you might very well.

Why not?

That's a good point.

This is this is what I'm going to say.

Why not?

Yeah.

Have sex with the horse.

This is where I'm talking about what?

What?

This is where I'm talking.

Are you okay?

I'm maybe a slightly delusional to date.

This is where I'm talking.

What?

Sorry.

Get it together man.

Well let me tell you where I'm talking about.

Why not have sex with the horse the horse is.

It's a bad idea.

Why?

It's a complicated relationship.

It's hard to work together after that.

Yes precisely you don't want to complicate things and it's a real bad idea because you depend on that horse for so many different things and the horse depends on you and if you was to break up you know you used to get it romantically involved and then used to break up you'd have to launch a problem up there.

Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa.

Yeah.

Why would any of that happen?

You're just using the horse like you're using the earth.

We didn't even break up though.

You're absolutely disgusting.

It's just using to you.

Just using to you.

Well I mean it's the it's the almost the exact same situation.

It's the earth.

Yeah you're using the earth.

The horse is an unwilling participant in the same.

Well it's it's amazing what you city slickers don't understand.

I don't know that it's a city slicker issue.

It clearly is.

It's every cowboy.

It's not going to be a city slicker.

You find your smile.

That's a fine movie.

Oh you like that one?

I like that one.

What is it about that movie as a lover of film and cinema here Jason.

Well it's comedy and comedy.

I don't know that it fits into that but it definitely was a film.

What is it about that that particular film that really?

Well just the idea of them Jews getting up there.

Oh hang on.

Here we go.

Hey let's try to figure out how to ride horses and all that .

Hang on.

Because the Jew body wasn't built for that.

Wait a minute.

Let's back off of this a minute.

You asked me why I like the movie.

Okay let's try to explain it.

Yeah I know.

Okay let's move on.

When you're out there though on the range or the range or the range or the range or next to train track.

And you're alone for such a long time.

I would feel like you would get despondent and maybe that is wherein you decide to fuck the earth or do you have any other other other dark thoughts or other is there are any of you.

Are all of your poems tackling subjects of that nature?

No not at all.

Not at all.

Do you have any other poems?

I do have some other poems that allow to read you poems.

I'd love to hear one.

This poem is called A Dangerous Life.

Is this about the life of a cowpoke?

A cowboy.

I'm sorry is cowpoke a derogatory term?

Yes it is.

Is it like the N word for cowboys?

It just about is.

I'm so sorry.

We call it the cow P word.

Well then I wasn't referring to you.

I was just saying is it about a life of.

It's about the life of a cowboy.

I am a cowboy poet.

Yeah this is called A Dangerous Life.

The cowboys life is full of danger.

Two risks to his life he is never a stranger.

He knows there's a chance his horse may throw him.

He lives in fear that a storm may blow him.

Of all the ways.

Oh boy.

You have given him.

Secondary rhymes son of a bitch.

Lost me already.

Of all the ways a cowboy may meet his end there are few against which he can defend.

His rifle can't shoot the wind or the fire.

It will not work against vampires who stalk the planes for cowboy blood and leave their prey dead in the mud.

Every shadow that moves in the night gives the cowboy vampire fright.

Vampires vampires vampires vampires with things as sharp as new barbed wire.

They sneak up on cowboys sit behind them on their horse and ride that way for miles of course.

The cowboy riding unaware until he feels icy fingers brushing his hairs off of his neck to get a clean bite and reduces pallor to a ghostly white.

A vampire can look like anyone.

Getting killed by one would not be fun.

A smart man a smart cowboy will carry a stake of wood and bury it in the heart of anyone.

He thinks he should.

Some of these may turn out to be regular men but better safe than sorry then.

And that poem is dedicated to the memory of Winston Black and Carlisle Dunhill and Baxter Field, Tom Sherwood and Lester Delwood and Wesley Norton and several folks whose names I'm not aware of.

All right let's take this point by point.

Okay once again the hymn and hymn rhyme early on.

Jason those are not the points I'm talking about.

It's just it's bad poetic.

I absolutely don't throw him and blow him.

The points I'm talking about are it seems to me like you're trying to attest that A vampires exist but that's you know there's several schools of thought on that.

Not on the break them down.

Let's break them down.

Let's count them down from one.

One is that they exist.

Here I do.

Zero.

Zero is that they used to exist but they don't anymore.

Okay.

And negative one is that they have never existed.

Yes.

So I don't know where you Jason particularly lie on that side of the argument but I will say that it seems to me like you are testing that they exist which okay I'll buy that.

But the part that I don't understand is that they're supposedly riding on the back of your horse for several miles at a time trying to work up the courage to bite your neck.

And I assume this has to take place at night because they can't live during the day.

They weren't riding around your horse at night.

What cowbelling in his right mind is riding at night.

Listen to these two city slickers.

Unbelievable that you don't know about cowboy.

I would think that your horse because his dark would like trip over those train tracks I was talking about where you're underestimating my horse and overestimating those train tracks and that's the sort of thing.

How dare you say that.

When it says him you might read in my book.

Oh come on.

Which is titled you must buy your wife at least as much jewelry as you buy your horse.

Okay okay but just moving on from the the.

The.

The strange plot of this.

I just have to say that that dedication at the end it seems to me like you are practically admitting huh that you have murdered at least six people.

Let's just say this now number one there are vampires out there on the plane.

It's a real problem for any guy asking any goddamn cowboy he'll tell you.

It's a real problem out there on the planes and on the range.

Or yeah or are vampires a convenient scapegoat for a murderous cowboy who wants to take out the competition.

Were any of those people on that list poets?

A couple of them were pretty good with words.

I mean that's.

Interesting none of them was a poet laureate of the west.

Not even close.

Well I mean why are any of those people on the back of your horse trying to just sort of brush away the wisps of hair that are great question.

I'll tell you there's a few names that I left off names of Mexican cowboys.

All right I don't even account for them.

I'm not bad that I brought up couches.

So you can't remember their names anyway.

I don't I don't know to me and Jason maybe you're just kind of getting the picture here like I am.

I don't know about that but maybe you are but it seems to me like this guy has some sort of a problem and is kind of a weirdo.

Dalton Wilcox?

Yeah.

What?

I think.

I'm fairly unfair.

I think your book whether you really you know what it is it 's like you were saying.

I was like you mentioned my book you must buy your wife at least as much jewelry as you buy your horse.

I just did Scott the Google search while Dalton was reading that.

I hope you did that on Google.

Well Dalton was why I just did a Google search using Bing.

And JC you can't do that man.

Oh sorry.

And Dalton what what just out of curiosity your wife's name is my wife's name is Cecilia.

Okay so that it is right.

So Cecilia because I found a new store that says Cecilia Wilcox and three daughters were killed.

What a year ago.

Oh my god I better get home a year ago.

Yeah a year ago.

Year ago.

And the prime suspect in the murders murders is one.

Dalton Wilcox.

Wow that's ridiculous.

I can't believe the public's that on the internet.

They don't read the internet folks just read newsletters that are handed to you at Haudenos and Rodeos if you want accurate information because that's baloney sandwich.

I'm starting to feel very scared right now that that we're in this tight enclosed space with a purported madman.

They took my spurs.

You don't have to worry about anything.

Gentlemen all there there's vampires on the planes.

You're the vampire.

I'm not a vampire.

You're the vampire.

Hey you're the vampire.

Hey you're the middle of the daytime.

Hand me that article would you just hand me the hand.

Yup you're going to stop it.

What now look at these pictures of your poor wife and your oh there they are really fat.

They're really fat.

They cannot turn on.

Long time ago they became far too fat to get out of bed.

In the story it says that the wife they found numerous wet holes dug into her body.

Yeah they found they found.

Seaman in those holes.

How disturbing.

And they found two little wet holes on her neck.

From bites.

Goddamn a vampire got her.

No sounds like a vampire got her goddamn.

But here we go.

Let me inspect your teeth.

You're not going to inspect my teeth.

Open your goddamn mouth and let me see your teeth.

Scott be careful.

Well who do you think you are?

Let me put my gloves on.

Let me put these rubber gloves on.

Open up your goddamn mouth.

That's not really quick.

Bloodmarks.

From a year ago?

No that's what's scary.

I can tell that these bloodmarks are from one hour ago.

This is ridiculous.

I just came here to promote my book.

You must buy her what?

At least.

You mustn't if she's dead.

That's well he's saved a lot of money.

I don't know why.

Why are you writing this book?

It's almost like the guilt is too much for you to bear and you need to get these things off your chest.

The book is talking about- Is tantamount to a confession.

It absolutely is not all.

I'm just talking about there's dangers to cowboys out there on the range from vampires and sometimes you- a wise cowboy will drive a stake into a heart of someone and maybe it won't be a vampire.

What?

Huh?

Why?

You can't do that's murder.

Hardly.

Did you bring a stake here?

I always have a stake of wood on my person at all times.

Where is it right now?

It's down the pant leg.

That's- I don't have a limp.

I got a stake of wood down there.

I noticed your limp when you walked in- I didn't limp, I'm fit as a fiddle.

I thought to myself- Why is it loud?

That's no ordinary limp.

I thought to myself this guy is not fit as a fiddle when he walked in.

Really?

Yeah.

It turns out that that's just because you have a stake down your pants.

That's precisely right.

And if I'll come into someone who I believe is a vampire- I'm going- What do you think of us by the way?

Since we're trapped here in the studio with you.

These doors don't unlock until the show's over.

Unfortunately- That's sundown.

That's sundown.

That's sundown, yeah.

Well, dang.

It could get real dangerous.

It could- It could- It could get real dangerous.

It could.

All right, well, we'll just see- I don't like the way you guys are looking at me.

There's two of us.

I will say that.

Oh boy.

There's two of us.

I don't know where Engineer Dustin falls.

I mean, is it strange, Dalton, that a cowboy poet laureate of the Plains would be invited to a city slicker podcast- Real weird.

To be so outspoken about vampires.

Mm-hmm.

Isn't it odd that you had come here?

Isn't it strange?

When you got that invite in the mail, what did you think?

I thought, well, this is a great opportunity to promote my book.

You must buy your wife at least as much jewelry.

We know what your book is called.

That's what we wanted you to think.

Try to tell me, you guys are vampires.

I've never been so scared in my whole goddamn life.

I got my stinker wood right here.

I'll stink him into your damn hearts.

And him too!

Is he a third vampire over there, that engineer?

No, no, no.

Let's tell you what, I want you to calm down.

Because I want to hear a third poem.

Do you have a third poem?

I do have a third poem.

All right, I need you to calm down a little bit.

This is terrifying.

Sun, the sun's probably going to go down in half an hour or so.

Probably half an hour.

I've got a half an hour before I have to slay three vampires.

Well, just kind of see what's what it is.

Half hour from now.

We'll give you an option.

You can try and take us on.

Oh my god.

Where can you can turn your stake on yourself?

Oh, Jesus, that's just what a vampire would do.

That's coming up in half an hour.

So wait for that.

Let's take a little break.

We'll come back here with Dalton Wilcox, Jesus Manzukas, the comedy band, and we'll be right back.

The following is a paid advertisement for the common sense aerosol systems.

Brought in fish, shitter bucks, garbage heat, dirty socks, pizza hat, cigar hats, reasons to use common sense.

When tough odors are too strong to neutralize, Use your sense, your common sense, Sense, praise, sense, sense, Some common sense, she that's raspberry.

She only knew it'd be fish, Malentistic food, it didn't used to be like that.

Oh my god, salt and steaks.

God, that was me, just munching with cow down, Instead of shitter bucks.

In cookie dough, my holy crap, Was Mel's gross.

I love the smell of her French toast.

Common sense.

It's going to be very hard for me to participate in the next half hour of this show, Knowing that the sun is going to go down and I could be facing three goddamn vampires.

Well, we have the blinds myself.

We have the blinds here.

We can kind of just take progress.

So look at that. What a beautiful sunset.

Beautiful day.

How beautiful.

Look upon it.

How can you look upon it?

Can you imagine Dalton, a world in which vampires have evolved To be able to withstand the sun's harmful rays because of global warming?

I can't imagine that world and it sends a chill up my cowboy's mind.

Because of the smog that pervades this fair city.

Goddamn city slickers!

And you're smoggin your cars.

You did this. You did this.

Well, welcome back to the show.

We have for at least another 20 minutes, I'd say, Before the sun goes down, we have a...

Terrified.

Dalton Wilcox, a cowboy poet, and this is kind of...

Is it safe to say this is your last will and testament in a way?

I'm going to fight my way out of here.

You better believe I am.

This may, though, be the last anyone ever hears of you.

No, there's no way old Dalton Wilcox will fight the way I am.

The vampire pet?

I feel like in agreeing to come to this show, you have accepted a challenge.

Yeah.

Sure I have. This is like showdown the OK Corral.

Yeah.

It's three on one.

Yeah.

Well, I don't know if Dustin's going to be a much help, to be honest.

Well, you've got to pick a side.

There's going to be a goddamn vampire human fighting here.

He mostly just takes pictures of what we do.

Yeah, he records it.

You're really just going to document the fight.

He records it, though.

That's the part that we like later.

Yeah, we've got a YouTube channel.

You know what I mean?

That's where we really get on.

I don't really enjoy the kill.

I enjoy what I mean.

Just like cowardly newspaper man, I know an old western.

Just stands by the side and captures it all, tell it later like he was.

No, he's more like the undertaker who like, you know, comes out and measures you before the fight actually happens.

Then he goes and makes the coffin.

How awful.

What an awful existence.

How awful.

But Dalton, for your last few moments on Earth, I did want to kind of check in with you about another poem.

I do. I have one more poem.

OK, great.

There's only one.

So there's only three in this book?

No, I only brought three along.

It is a book full of witnesses and observations and poems you bring in a copy of the book.

It is at the printers.

They're printing it up right as we speak.

How many copies is your initial order?

Well, the initial order is 13 copies.

Oh, that's I'm not going to lie to you?

Yep.

Very unlucky number.

Damn it.

I never thought about that.

It was just how many slots they had in the book machine.

Guess who owns that book machine?

Oh.

Goddamn vampires!

City-slickin' vampires!

All right, Dalton, let's hear this poem because I'm kind of interested in what kind of man you are and how you'll taste.

This poem is called also Mummies.

In the sands of ancient Egypt when a pharaoh died, they were wrapped in bandages while their kinfolk cried.

They were buried with their treasures in pyramids of stone, and curses were placed on these crypts, the pharaoh's eternal home.

But Eon's past and greedy men began to poke about in hopes of finding gold and taking that gold out.

And in so doing these greedy men stirred the pharaoh's curse just to get a bit of gold inside their gold piece purse.

And now there's Mummies roaming the plains, seeking revenge for ancient pains.

A cowboy never knows when a mummy may appear, which will help explain his ever-present mummy fear, and why he sets fire to you first and then asks questions later.

A mummy can look like a ranch hand or a waiter, or a sheriff or a child, or anyone a cowboy might meet in the wild.

So many Mummies who lived centuries ago meet their end at the hands of the cowboy, you know.

Perhaps cowboy should be stationed at every crypt, buried deep British the pyramids of good old Egypt.

Mummies, Mummies, Mummies, Mummies!

So that's another poem that's in there about a serious problem that faces cowboys, his mummies, and that poem is dedicated to old Pete Dawson and Linux Wilder.

You seem to be a good wilder and cow-turner in Marlon Ke aton and old Don Holt.

You seem to be kind of like a Van Helsing type, like a cowboy out there.

I don't know who that is.

Oh really?

Oh, who that is.

I couldn't help but notice you rhymed a stone and home.

Yeah, not good.

Can't do that.

Goddamn rhyme, police.

You don't know about cowboy poetry is it?

It comes from a long tradition of illiterates out there on the plains.

The only other cowboy poet I feel like I know is Garrison Keeler.

Oh, that's a day.

He's not- What the fuck?

Goddamnit!

This is not a cowboy poet.

Very home companion.

They've got some serious cowboy cred in that.

Dude who lives on a prairie.

He's not a cowboy.

To be a cowboy, correct me if I'm wrong.

That's weird.

But you got to be a guy who's out there on a horse.

Oh yeah.

Day to day.

Just mixing it up with the cows.

You're real good up to then but- Yeah.

Mixing it up with the cows.

You know what I mean?

Russellin.

Riden Herr.

Wranglin.

When's the last time you rode a horse, you know, like a her ding cattle so forth?

Oh my gosh, I do it all the time.

But when's the last time?

About, well what is this 2012?

Yep.

Would have been 1988.

Okay so wow, that's- You said you do.

Some time ago, eh?

Yeah.

I'm a- well I'm a cowboy.

Yo, you- a cowboy is- Where do you live?

Where do you live?

What?

You know where- Where do you live?

Where's your residence?

Well, right now I live in Manhattan.

What cross streets that- Wait, this isn't a New York City?

Huh?

New York City.

That's currently where I am living.

They needed cowboys there.

Yeah.

Wait, wait do you have an apartment?

Like a loft?

Like a micro loft?

Well at this particular moment, I am living in one of the dormitories at NYU because I have a girlfriend who is a student there.

But that's just at this particular moment right now.

So that's right over there.

Overlooking Tonkin Square Park.

Oh.

No, not Tonkin.

How long have you been in New York?

Tonkin Square Park.

I have been- well let's see, she is a junior now and I'm in her- going into so three years, I've been there now.

Three years.

Been real good time.

Wow, what's her name?

Her name is Stephanie.

And uh- That's a pretty name.

Yep.

Where'd you meet her?

Where did I meet Stephanie?

I met Stephanie down at the- in the meat packing district down there at Manhattan.

Well Stephanie- Stephanie what?

Huh?

Stephanie, what's Stephanie's last name just out of curiosity?

Sure, I don't know that I should tell you for the sake of her privacy.

We won't look around.

We hardly ever get there out there to New York City.

Her name is Stephanie Goldberg.

Oh, it was Jewish.

Nice Jewish girl.

No, she's not Jewish.

Wait a minute, I'm pretty sure- It's got a just Googled Stephanie Goldberg.

How did you do that so fast?

Oh, I think- Because I think- Google.

Oh no.

I think this- Come on Jason.

What's going on with Stephanie Goldberg?

She was murdered.

What?

What are you talking about?

My god.

How long ago?

Six months ago.

Whoa.

Good lord, I better get back there.

This is shocking.

You know what?

You were saying that about your wife and you have made no impetus to even stand up, let alone head to an ex.

You're playing the North Lock.

And you're- You're going to fight with the vampire coming up.

Very broad shock leads me to believe this is not surprising to you.

What do you tell her?

How would you- I would- Let's do it.

Let's role play it.

Okay, great.

Your girlfriend.

Your girlfriend is dead.

Your girlfriend, I'm role playing you.

I'm trying to see how you react.

Oh, okay.

Here we go, yeah.

Who in reality are if I'm you?

What?

I've known if you're you.

Who am I?

Who do you want to be?

You could be- You'll be Dustin.

Okay, I'll be answering your- Who's Dustin going to be?

Dustin will be you.

Oh, okay, great.

All right, so well- Do we need to switch chairs?

No, no, you guys can stay in the same chairs, but Dustin keep in mind you're a vampire now.

That swap doesn't change a lot about this.

What's that, Todd?

Todd, Todd.

Oh, oh.

Dustin just dropped a what's up, huh, Todd?

No, he's been waiting for it.

All right, so what do we do with this here?

I'm just gonna- He's telling me my reaction is unbelievable.

And I'm trying to find out- I'm trying to tell you from here.

How about- How are you going to react, Dave?

Okay.

Your girlfriend is dead.

What?

What are you talking about?

No, I'm gonna get talking about- Is it- Hey man, I'm so sorry.

Thank you so much, Dustin.

I'm so sorry, man.

Thank you, apparently my girlfriend just- Hey man, can I take you to a punk show and take your mind off?

Okay.

Okay, man.

I just- I was just sitting here doing the show and this- I got- What?

Like how- Like I told me that my girlfriend died and- Even though I was just sitting here doing the show that I was single as- Is everything free, man?

Hey man.

Hey Dustin, thank you so much.

Scott, you're being a real fucking dick, man.

You said nothing.

Step in there, man.

Scott, you're- Don't care.

And dick.

Like, as always- Aw, wait a minute, come on.

Well, I don't believe- I know we're improvising our nervous- Okay, versus what you did when I said your girlfriend was dead, you went what?

What?

That's crazy.

What?

That's crazy.

I'm gonna get back there.

Well, that's how a cowboy reacts when he finds out that his girlfriend is dead.

You keep it tight with emotions, you know?

Yeah, it's precisely right- Have you ever heard that on Garrison Keeler?

A man of quiet courage.

He is not a god-down cowboy.

Pretty sure.

Yeah, he does a whole cowboy segment with the clip clumping of the horse hooves.

Yeah, but he's just- Those aren't real horse hooves.

Pretty sure they are, right?

No, they're on the radio.

What's he use?

A lot.

Well, he uses- Well, they are horse hooves, but- What's the less that you want to horse- Wait a minute, are you trying to say that to make his horse hooves sound- Yeah.

He cuts the legs off of a horse- That's precisely what he does.

He doesn't, but his sound man does.

That's how they do it.

He goes out there- He goes out there.

His own man's name is Scott Foley.

Uh-huh, now they're different.

Radio magic.

They cut off all- Holy scuffly from the unit.

Yep.

Wow, and from Felicity?

Yep.

Anyhow, that's what they do.

Do I have the right name, Guy?

Yep, you do.

Okay, great.

Don't you worry about it.

Uh, that saves me having a bing, so- I mean, I'm so sorry about having a google something, of course.

And then they bring out some cobblestones and they get all four feet of the horse that he's cut off and he just knocks him against cobblestones.

That's how they make that sound.

Wow.

Four cobblestones and two horse hooves.

No, he's got all four horse hooves and- Oh, oh.

Usually about it.

Well then how does he do it in 40 or 50 cobblestones?

Well then why not just have a horse walked out of cobbl estones?

Because they're sitting here.

And record it one day.

They're city slakers.

Why don't they just press a tape recorder where they've recorded that sound?

I'm serious.

When is the last time you were on a horse?

On a horse?

Yeah.

88, you said?

It would have been 1988.

Oh, yeah.

That is very- You're barely a cowboy at this point.

What are you talking about?

Besides being a poet, what do you do for money?

Yeah.

Well, I do all sorts of different things for money.

I have some girls and I write books, of course.

Hang on.

What do you mean I have some girls?

What does that mean?

I have some girls.

What does that mean?

I mean, what does that mean?

I have some girls.

You've been staying with stuff like- I have some girls and books.

Who by all accounts is deceased at this point.

No, I'm shocked about that.

It's horrible now.

Okay, call it this smiling.

It's the smiley- Yeah, from ear to ear.

Throughout all of that- Joker- That well, Well, I choose to try to remember the good times.

Okay, so when you say- I have some girls.

Yeah, I have some girls.

What?

Yeah, so are their processes?

But they're girls.

And if you want to spend some time with one, give me a call.

And they're in New York City?

Yep, they're in New York City.

What do they do there?

Yeah, yeah.

All kinds of things.

A lot of them college students.

Any of them over there, why are you?

Oh, really?

And you just- They were working girls for you.

I say let's go out there.

Oh, we're about Bridge 34th Street.

So when you're out and you need some money, right?

Yeah.

Do you ever think to yourself, oh boy, in order to get some money, I should- You need a little walking around money.

I should bring out the girls.

I say I might have to bring out the girls.

Yeah.

Oh, I see.

That makes sense.

Yeah, sure.

Do you have it?

I mean, I know you do this mainly in Manhattan.

Some of them are rockets.

I know you do this mainly in Manhattan, but do you have any kind of holdings in any other part of the globe, like maybe perhaps on a boat anywhere?

Or- Are you asking if I have any girls out on international water, so things can get a little more interesting?

I'm sitting out there.

Sure.

Maybe also- Maybe also I'm off the coast of San Diego.

Also, I'm thinking because of your expertise with animals, you might be doing shows that involve some of your girls and some animals.

You're damn right.

Get some horses and some girls together on international waters.

Just about anything that happened.

Do you think you'll hollow out a horse and put a girl in there?

Oh boy.

You can do it on a boat.

What?

Can't do it on land.

You could, but it'd be illegal.

How do you hollow out a horse?

Go step by step.

How do we do that?

Is that a garrison-keeler kind of situation?

That one's going- There's a keeler that doesn't know how to hollow out a horse.

Never even just cut the legs on the way.

Is this like the beginning of empire, where they cut the tonton open and hollow it out so it loops?

All those cuts come out.

Yeah.

It's a lot like that.

I don't know.

So have you get a girl in there?

Oh my gosh.

She walks around.

This is so- This guy is- This guy is- Yeah.

Hey, let me just- I want to make one little point, okay, we are getting towards the end of the light here.

Goddamn, I'm going to defend myself against two vampires!

But I do want to give you the opportunity.

I think Jason and I both want to- There's something that is going down.

That really is.

It really is.

Yeah, we're doing this in real time.

It's very beautiful.

Jason and I want to extend the opportunity to you.

All right.

If you do not want to battle us, the three of us- I'm not afraid.

You may not be afraid, but you know, maybe the most heroic thing to do is to surrender it at a certain point.

And what we'd like to do is offer you the opportunity to commit suicide and turn the stake upon yourself if you so wish.

There's a real tough one.

Yeah.

Have you ever- Battle too fast.

Have you ever thought about- Have you ever thought about giving yourself the stake?

So to speak, or taking your own life in any way, shape or form?

Does that ever come into a cowboy's mind?

A cowboy?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, sure.

Cowboys think about killing themselves all the time.

No.

Yeah, sure.

They do.

The loneliness of the range?

The loneliness of the range, yep.

Too far away from a hole.

What?

Huh?

One of your favorite holes is three days away by horse?

One of your land Virginiaes is a long way away from you.

You can't find it and you're nowhere near international water.

Yeah.

Can't no chance doing anything real interesting.

You know, you might try to bear yourself alive.

Really?

Yeah.

That's it. There are several ways that are considered to be noble ways for a cowboy to go out.

Okay, let's count to down.

That's a down to down to down to down to down.

Number one, bury yourself alive.

Oh, classic.

Zero.

Yep.

Number two.

Nope.

Zero, we counted down.

We're not counting up.

Come on.

Huh?

We're counting down.

So zero is the next one.

Number zero is to get hit by two trains at the same time.

Oh, that's why you're always galloping by those train tracks.

That's precisely right.

Wait two trains at the same time.

This requires.

So that would require two trains to be colliding.

They have to be colliding.

Which is very rare.

That's very difficult to do.

Well, it requires an accomplice to flip the switch and try to fill up the way of it.

How does one find an accomplice who would be willing to do that?

There's a lot of guys out there who help a cowboy have a good one.

Well, let me ask you this.

Who said, Wouldn't that cure your loneliness?

How so?

You've got an accomplice now and I just chat with that fellow.

Good point.

That's why you don't hear about this very often.

Because a lot of guys will find themselves in accomplice and say, I need to have a noble cowboy death.

Which is why I'm assuming it's so high up on the list.

It's not one of the main ways for a cowboy to kill himself because it's still it's zero.

Did I leave you to believe this was a long list?

You may have.

I assume we were going to like negative 11 or 15.

Oh, are there are only two items on this list?

There's a few other items.

Okay, let's go.

It's always very noble for a cowboy to kill himself with the addition of entertainment weekly that announces which of the nominees did not get an award.

Snubs and flubs.

Yeah, snubs is one issue.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, snubs and they flubbed when they snubbed them.

The flubs are totally different.

So the definition.

Okay, don't worry about it.

Don't worry about it.

Oh, so wow, that's it's a lonely life, huh?

How often how many times a day do you think about this?

About what?

About suicide?

Yeah.

Gosh, how many times are there in a day?

Wow, that's a great question.

Yep.

You know?

That could be the title of my next book.

How many times are there in a day in other observations?

Humorous and otherwise from life on the plane.

It seems to have a lot of this book's titles.

Yeah.

Do you get to press a lot?

Sure I do.

Always depressed out there with your horses, your only companion, and vampires killed your wife and now apparently maybe even your girlfriend and it's hard work.

Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

Jason.

Andy.

Come on, I'm thinking.

Andy.

Or do you okay?

Andy.

What are you doing?

I'm an even adult with Will Caught.

Andy.

I gotta, I gotta ask you.

What are you talking about?

He is like...

This is your 10th appearance, 12th appearance on the show.

For a character who was like to...

That doesn't sound right.

...and his own life.

I'd like to point out, Dalton Wilcox didn't bring it up.

Andy.

He didn't bring it up but he was going to.

Andy.

You jumped at the chance.

That's called...

That's called yes and everybody understands that Andy and Andy and Andy and Andy and Andy.

And Andy. We're here because we love you.

We're here because we love you.

We're not taping this episode.

What?

The cameras aren't on, the dust isn't...

Dustin is not real.

Well then how are people going to know to buy my book?

You must buy your wife Andy.

There is no book.

There's no book.

You buy your horse.

Andy is everything okay.

Another...

What's going on?

I was listening to a number of past appearances and...

A lot of people would not notice this.

Everything you're doing.

Unless they're super fans of the show but Andy Daley comedian who's sitting across the town of the forest.

I don't know who that is.

Nope. It's you Andy.

I don't know who you were that.

You're...

Every time he's on the show he alludes to committing suicide in some way or some form.

Every character you portray is a cry for help and we are...

I don't know who...

I don't know why you're talking.

I don't play any characters.

Andy drop it.

I am a girl.

Pointful.

Drop that exit.

I am the right now.

The more and more in a friend.

You need to face what's going on.

You can't stop me from killing myself!

I'm going to jump out in this goddamn window.

Don't I jump out the window?

Get away from the window.

No! No! No!

No! No! I'm waiting!

Get away!

Oh my god!

Oh my god.

He stayed in character the whole time.

He did it.

That was the most bravest death I've ever seen.

He stayed in character the entire time of this.

I just...

I don't even understand what I just saw.

He just...

He went out the window.

I just...

I really thought we were going to confront him and he was going to...

We were going to tell him we loved him.

He's my...

We were going to tell him we loved him.

We should have told him we loved him.

He was my best friend.

He was your best friend.

In some of his characters work.

Oh.

I mean, he was...

He was an acquaintance of mine.

Wow.

That is intense.

Well, that's too bad, huh?

That is too bad.

All right.

Well, um...

I guess there's only...

Oh, hold on.

Somebody's joining us.

It's me, Don D'Amello, the aftergo director.

Andy, how did you survive that?

Andy, what are you talking about?

Andy, Andy, stop it.

Stop it.

Why are you guys calling me Andy?

How did...

I know we're only on the first floor.

How did you survive that?

What are you talking about?

Oh, wait. I just answered my own question.

We're on the first floor.

I totally forgot about that.

And when he fell, maybe did that knock him into Don D'Am ello?

Oh my gosh.

I don't know what you mean, but I just stopped by here.

Because you're promoting something?

Nope.

Just want to jump out this window and kill myself.

No, no, no, don't!

Andy, Andy!

Andy!

Oh my god.

Oh my god, he did it.

He did it again.

He did it.

He did it. Not his concern.

I don't want to look out the window.

Oh, he's back.

Hello?

Who's this?

He's me, hot dog.

How's it going?

You guys?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, how did you drop by?

Did you hit a kill myself?

Oh, there we go.

Oh my god.

I'm not as concerned because I love that it's happening again.

Oh.

He falls a lot longer than what I would consider to be the first floor.

Who's this?

It's me, August Lindt.

Out to win the original suicide.

Little character.

Wow.

Oh, he's winning.

What a treat for the fans.

So many suicides.

Oh.

Get him a honey.

I have to win.

Get him a honey.

There he goes.

Wow.

Oh, no.

And a historic.

Oh, no.

I hope the next guy doesn't have a bunch of heavy coats on.

Bill Carter, trainer to the start.

Oh, he's got two.

Wow.

Oh, boy.

Bill Carter, I wish I could remember his website.

Trainer to the stars.

That's, oh, wait.

Who's here?

Anything Irish guy with the poems out to win?

No!

Doesn't even remember his own name.

Wow.

Okay.

Well, hopefully one of these days, Andy will come back in here.

Oh, really?

You know, genuinely worried about it.

And I'm the British guy who made a brief appearance.

Oh, the YouTube guy.

That's right.

You're right.

Submittal breaks.

Jump out the window.

There we go.

All right.

Well, what a show, huh, Jason?

Wow.

I crazy, huh?

The thing I'm a little worried about is I don't think we got through to Andy.

I don't think we did, but at least it was entertaining.

At least we did.

And a treat for the fans.

A cavalcade of Andy, J. Lee's suicidal characters.

My goodness.

All right.

Well, what a show.

There's really only one thing to do left in the show, Jason .

You know what it is.

It's called plugs.

All people ever ask me about is plugs.

It's a way to get your plugs.

What do you do with plugs?

And have you ever tasted a plug?

Well, I don't mean to taste a plug.

Oh, wow.

That was over very suddenly.

That is, of course, I don't taste plugs by Justine H.

That was good.

I like that.

If you have a plug song for our What's Up Hot Dog Memorial plug section, go to yourwolf.com and the comedy Bang Bang message boards and post it in the appropriate thread there rather.

And, okay, Jason, what do you have to plug?

This is coming out in March at some point.

Okay.

So I mean, nothing really.

Go watch the dictator in May.

I don't know.

How did this get made as your own podcast?

Yeah.

Oh, of course.

How did this get made every other week?

We watched terrible movies and talk about them.

As a lover of film and cinema.

I think that's a great comedy.

And comedy.

Please check that out and also children's hospitals coming back.

Children?

Oh, I can't wait for that.

Do you know when?

Do we have an exclusive?

No.

I want to tell people or ask people to watch comedy Bang Bang the TV show coming out in June.

What?

And we, we, I'm taping this before the sneak peek has aired , but it has aired since this came out.

And hopefully you enjoyed it and.

I heard it caused a riot in Detroit.

Wow.

The sneak peek.

Amazing.

Are they tearing it down or building it up?

What kind of riot is it?

It's productive.

Yes.

Not productive.

It's a habitat for humanity, riot.

So hopefully you like that sneak peek and there is more to come in June.

And oh, I think I see someone coming in the, I think I see a fellow coming in the door right now.

With a plug?

Who is this?

Is this Andy?

Oh, yeah.

Hey, buddy.

How's it going?

Hey, Andy.

How are you?

Yeah.

Improbable.

Wow.

Do you have anything to plug, Andy?

Nope.

All right.

We'll see you later.

Bye.

Have a good, have a good show.

I don't know.

We'll see you next week.

Oh boy.

More apropos.

Thanks for backing me up, Jason.

Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio, boom.

Dot com.

The Wolf Dead.
