Kompody, test phrase, Kompody, test phrase, Kompody, test phrase, Kompody, test phrase, indie1031.com.org.net.gov.poster.calendar.te.

You name it, we got it.

Dot it, dot it.

Coming up on the show today, this is comedy death ray.

We have Matt Besser is here from the UCB founding member of the UCB.

We have Natasha Legero is here.

No, you're not talking.

It's not here yet.

You guys are not talking yet.

Remember what we talked about before the show?

You're not talking.

And we also have Bjork is going to be here a little later today.

Is that me?

No, Bjork is actually going to be.

Is this really?

The Bjork, yes.

Would you shut up, Natasha?

You're not here yet.

My name is Scott Ocherman.

Don't give me that look.

You can't even look at me like that.

You're not on the show yet.

My name is Scott Ocherman.

This is comedy death ray.

We're here from 12 noon PST to 1-ish EST.

Wouldn't that be weird?

That would be like going back in time.

And I have a special co-host today, Steve Aji from the Sarah Silverman program.

That's me.

Steve plays Steve, a totally different character than what he truly is.

Same name.

He plays a huge overweight guy with red hair.

Who happens to be homosexual, a neighbor of Sarah's.

Well, I am overweight and have red hair.

I'm not acting.

That part's real.

That part is real.

That is the Sarah Silverman program, which you're in the middle of shooting.

Yeah.

As soon as we finish, you have to run to go shoot.

But are you actually going to run or will you drive?

We'll never run.

Interesting.

I will walk hastily to my car and drive to the set.

How hastily will you be walking?

Probably not that hastily.

Okay, good.

Well, these are the questions the fans want to know.

We did a great show last week.

I do want to mention Andrew Daly, who did the characters of Life of the Party and the fake comedian.

I can't remember exactly.

But we never mentioned he has an album, Nine Sweaters, which can be found on astrecords.com.

We never mentioned that, but if you liked what he did last week, check that out.

Now, Steve, okay.

Now, you have a very visible presence on Twitter.

Yeah.

I have 600,000 followers.

How did you get?

Most of which I think are spam bots.

Now, what is a spam bot on Twitter?

I don't know.

It's just like a fake account that, I don't know why they exist, but there's a lot of them.

And you can usually pick them out by the fact that the person has no profile picture.

And it usually has no followers.

I can't understand what the purpose of it is, but none of us have ever really been able to figure that out.

No.

I mean, how do they advertise normally?

They don't.

Yeah, it's bizarre, isn't it?

Yeah, but it looks cool on my profile that have 600,000 followers.

I probably have a legitimate 5,000.

So you have a very visible presence.

You're always on there.

You're always tweeting.

Tweeting it up.

Now, this morning I went on and I saw that you were doing something which was you were overhearing a conversation.

Yeah, I started a trending topic and I live tweeted this conversation between two douchebags who sat down next to me at start.

I went to Starbucks and I was early coming in here a whole hour early.

So I just went to the Starbucks down on Wilshire near La Brea.

And I was like, I'll just get a coffee and sit here and hang out.

And it was like, I never do that.

And it was like a gift from God.

These two dudes came in and sat down next to me.

They didn't even get drinks.

They just sat down and had this- The height of rudeness.

This quote unquote meeting that from what I could make out was about a web series.

And if you go on my Twitter or if you just go to Twitter- Well, why don't we read some of these?

Is what I said.

I can't get to my- You mother.

There's no web.

There's no internet here.

Why would you ask me to set you up for this and we can't do it?

Well, I can remember a lot of it.

It was, you know- Forget it.

Forget it.

You're useless.

We'll maybe do it on the computer.

Yeah, we could do that.

Oh my God.

Okay, yo, here's some.

Why don't I read some of this here?

Yeah, read some of the- Alright, let's go down- Actually, do you want to go for the beginning?

Yeah, actual quotes.

Down more.

Okay.

About a web series.

Here we go.

Alright.

First, it starts with Miramax has really been lagging.

Yeah.

Dude, these guys are- One of them, I think, was Persian.

I'm not sure why that's relevant.

I don't- Well, you gotta know some backstory.

I'll follow up with her because she has connections at Viac om.

Viacom.

These are actual quotes from these two dudes.

Have you heard of a show called My Name Is Earl?

It's kind of like that.

Yeah.

Everyone's heard of My Name Is Earl.

Even the characters on Entourage.

Yeah.

I've heard of My Name Is Earl.

In the Entourage universe.

Uh, we have to figure out how to promote it.

Nobody uses MySpace anymore.

Yeah.

I think it's a web series.

It's definitely gotta be a web series.

Oh, oh, here we go.

Ultimately, it's a fish out of water story, but that fish out of water is the ultimate insider.

Yeah.

I, uh- Isn't that contradicting this?

This is what I was making out over the fucking very loud, credence, clear water revival that was playing in the store .

We can get cheap tickets to New York on JetBlue if we keep it to a small crew that won't be too expensive.

Yeah.

And they wanted to go to New York and shoot from what I get over here in a hotel room.

And the hotel room would double as a radio station.

Why not just shoot it here in a hotel room?

Yeah, exactly.

Do they need the absence of the Twin Towers in the skyline?

Probably.

I think they just like traveling.

They just want to get out of town.

Keep it to a small crew.

And also, from this conversation, I got that this web series in the web series, Pumpkin, Pumpkin's were illegal.

So if you Pumpkin Pies were very in demand and they were very expensive, if you could.

Wait a minute.

I'm on board now.

I like this idea.

Yeah.

It was fucking effing nuts.

Can we say?

Yeah, you can do well.

I'll try not to curse.

But a gentleman keeps it to a minimum.

Yes.

All right.

Well, that was the two-dooch convo.

That was well worth kicking off the show.

Right.

With two douches?

I think it just reads better on Twitter than it.

Maybe it does.

So check out at Steve A-G-A-G-E-E to see a little more of that.

Yeah.

The majority of them.

Whose phone is on?

Turns.

It's got to be made.

The iPhone, that's the curse of the iPhone, the pings.

Turn it off.

You know, Steve, you are the co-host here.

But something might happen.

You are the co-host.

I need you to be respectful.

I need you to turn off all of your electronic devices.

So now Steve, as the co-host, feel free to jump in.

We're going to be speaking to our guests soon.

We have great guests.

We have Matt Besser.

We have Natasha Legero.

Love her.

We have Bjork is here.

Oh, I'm a big fan of Besser.

And we also have a bunch of great songs.

So we're going to kick it off with track four.

This is your co-worker.

This is Sarah Silverman.

We'll come right back.

Herd, I'm Andy Dethrae.

You're not so great.

And that's okay.

I can still love you anyway.

True.

You should blow that back.

You're not so great.

Indy 101.

Comedy Dethrae.

I'm here with Steve AG from the very same Sarah Silverman program.

Yes.

Comedy Central.

Yes.

Watch it next February.

That's from the Jesus' magic soundtrack, which you're in, Jesus' magic, right?

Very briefly, I'm the creepy guy that masturbates with her tears in the wings.

Now, did it say creepy guy in the script, or did you just bring that element to your performance?

I think after we shot it, that's just the best description they could come up with.

Creepy guy.

We're also here with Natasha Legero.

Hello, Natasha.

I haven't formally introduced you, but since we hear you laughing, I thought I would just introduce you.

Hi, Scott.

Hi, we'll talk to you later.

Okay.

All right, well, we're going to come back with more Matt.

We're going to have more Natasha Legero.

After this, we're going to finally talk to you, Natasha.

Steve, we're going to have more from you, and Bjork is coming up.

So we're going to, and then some wood you rathers, and entourage wrap up.

We're going to have all of that after this.

Strike five.

Five.

Let me tell you.

♪ How the ladies stay warm ♪ ♪ But just a mile sugar lumps ♪ ♪ So we shake our lumps, yeah ♪ ♪ How the ladies stay warm ♪ ♪ But just a mile sugar lumps ♪ ♪ So we shake our lumps, yeah ♪ ♪ I'm over in the world ♪ ♪ In day 103 ♪ ♪ One that is the flight of the Concordes featuring ♪ Arch Barker.

Marker.

I love Arch.

He's so great.

This is Scott Augerman.

This is comedy death rate with co-host Steve Aji, Matt Bess er's in Duh House.

And here's Natasha.

Hi, Tasha.

Hi.

How are you?

It's great to be here.

I'm so excited.

I'm a big fan of the show.

You've never heard it.

First of all, we just established that.

I've been trying to get you on the show for weeks, it seems like, but you've been away.

Yes, I've been touring the provinces.

What does that mean?

With provinces.

You know, the places that aren't as good as LA.

Well, some of it was in Thailand.

That was really cool.

Yeah, I've just been traveling, you know, on the road.

Doing stand-up.

Yes.

What was the last place you were in?

I was just in New York.

I got back two days ago.

Wow.

Yeah, it was awesome.

I mean, it stinks, but...

Well, I think I have.

I was carrying around a nose gay.

Do you know what those are?

Yeah, a flower, you mean?

Well, it's like a little...

You just carry it on your wrist.

Sweet needs are flowers and nose gays are...

Nose gays, like this little silver thing I got when I was in Thailand.

And it smells of the Orient.

So that when you walk by the garbage, you can just kind of smell it.

Inhale, it's from Dickensian time.

Dickens.

I'm trying to bring back trends from the 1800s.

Shakespeare as well, talked about nose gays.

Oh, he did.

Wonderful.

Who's that?

He's the guy who got all the credit for William Bacon's work.

Oh, right.

Now, so when you're in New York, where do you stay when you're out there?

I was just...

I was just subletting a friend.

Am I talking too loud?

No, no.

One should.

I get really excited.

I was staying in the Lower East Side, kind of between Lower East Side and Chinatown.

L.E.S.

Our Teasts.

Yeah, the L.E.S.

Oh my god, the meat packing district though, that place.

I'll get into that later.

But I was staying on Canal Street.

Have you ever been to Canal?

It's kind of...

It's where...

It's where like every day...

And here's the most hilarious thing about staying on Canal is like, every day at five o'clock, because all the illegal purse vendors, like all these Nigerian guys have these like amazing fake purses.

Persians.

Yeah, first of all, our apologies to Nigerians and Persians .

Well, I mean, I'm just saying it's like, they're not Jews.

I'm just trying to paint the picture.

Pram, give apologies to Jews.

I'm trying to make a vivid picture.

So these guys bring these amazing knock-offs, right?

And then every day at five o'clock, the police come through and break everything up.

And they're like, you know, the alarm, like what's it called, the sirens, you know, woo-woo!

Pack it up, pack it up.

Everyone's scared.

It's like chaos.

And this...

I saw this happen three times.

This happens every day at five o'clock.

And I just think it's so...

I'm just trying to think of the...

Like, how is it illegal to have a fake Fendi?

And like, how do these cops even know the difference between a fake and a real like, why is...

Why does the NYPD care so much, you know?

Like, are these cops like, are you telling me that that piece of shit is a mock Jacobs classic signature hobo?

Hobo.

Peshminis went out in 05.

It's like these guys are like this fashion poo.

What is that?

And why is that illegal to have a fake purse?

That is truly women's comedy.

You know...

What do you mean?

Come on.

No, but the idea that that is illegal to carry around a fake Gucci and that the police are breaking it up, like, what should be illegal is that you can go buy a real Gucci for $4,200.

That's true.

When there's six wars going on.

Right.

Right, ladies!

Yes!

Back me up!

I don't think it's fair to say that that's ladies comedy sc ott.

No, come on.

And by the way, the show is going much better than you think it is.

Oh, really?

That's nice.

Yeah, it was hilarious up front that Twitter thing was hilarious.

I've been complaining during the breaks.

I've been ranting and raving about how, hopefully, the show is going...

And during the show.

Oh, that's right.

I forgot about that.

Scott, it's a big hit.

Scott, just set the record for most negative outlook on comedy.

Come on!

I'll beat that.

What are you doing your free time?

I, you know, we've known each other for a long time, but we don't hang out socially a lot.

Like, do you have like hobbies?

Do you stay at home and watch a lot of TV?

Uh, I'm not a big...

I am an indoor girl, but indoor parties, you know, like not indoor at all.

To set the scene, Natasha has fairly pale skin.

You're a fair...

Not pale, but you're fair.

This is level two mystic tan from yesterday.

I am not lying.

Ladies.

Oh, come on!

So you stay indoors, do you...

What do you do?

Well, I don't know, I stay indoors, but I'm not an out.

Like, I did have an audition yesterday to be a rock climber .

Whoa!

I cut for a commercial, and I had come from another thing that I was doing.

So I had on like platform shoes, fake eyelashes, and it was...

It was pretty.

I don't think I got it.

The rocks your climate are diamonds, baby.

I like it, Steve.

Am I right?

If you could simply say things like that every two minutes, just like kind of like dishy...

Pepper it in there.

Yeah, like compliments that sound sort of...

And the commercial auditions, it's always very, very depressed.

It's a humiliating position to put yourself in.

Yeah, it is.

I used to do those.

Do you don't do them anymore?

No, no, no.

Do you think it's bad if you're emotional memory to cry at a commercial audition?

It is the fact that you're there.

Oh my god, I can't believe I got a laugh.

Come on.

Was that a woman's comedy?

Come on.

That was crying.

Yeah.

I have some women's comedy.

I've been watching...

So I do...

Sorry.

I do watch...

No, but you asked me about television.

I do watch TV.

I'm actually currently obsessed with this show right now.

It's called I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant.

What does that add?

Have you seen...

It's on TLC.

It's on...

The tender loving care.

The learning channel.

Oh, oh.

And it's about these women who are walking around town.

You have to see it.

They're shooting a second season right now.

They're walking around town.

They don't feel so good all of a sudden.

They have a baby.

Usually in a toilet.

And TLC is trying to make this show really relatable.

You know, it's the learning channel.

So they're like, you know, in between the show, they'll have like little snippets.

Like pregnancy tip number two, this could happen to you.

It's like, no, it can't.

No one's smarts having a toilet baby.

Not like darling.

You'll never guess what's come out of my vagina.

Like every time a baby come out, what do I do?

Like you never hear stories.

Well, I was making my way down to the stables because velvet crusader had been nickering about.

I looked down and you'll never guess what came forth from my loins.

Baby Arthur.

Every time it's like, I just finished doing the Batman ride at Six Flags.

Go and get me another kind candy stick.

I look down there's a baby in my shoe.

I just found my third GED.

I'm going to walk past the stoplight.

I look down there's a baby on the street.

I walk two blocks.

That thing is following me.

They're all idiots.

Does the show start with a baby in the toilet?

No.

Or does it end with a baby in the toilet?

No, no, no, no.

Here's what happens.

Actors who just moved to Hollywood are reenacting these idiot stories.

Oh, it's like locked up abroad.

Yeah, locked up.

But with toilet babies.

It always gives birth to toilet and these actors reenacting it.

It's hilarious.

How long do they like?

Well, they're all ugly.

Everyone's ugly.

I'm not to be.

Because they just moved to LA and they haven't had the proper surgery?

No, they're trying to find lookalikes.

To the people.

So they're actually a little more attractive than the woman who just gave birth to her child.

Toilet.

But then the last of these women, another thing I like is they'll be interrogating like, how could you not know you're pregnant?

Because really, I mean, animals know they're pregnant.

How can you not know you're pregnant?

And the women, every one of them is like, they're like, weren't you on any kind of birth control?

These women are like, yeah, I'm on the rhythm method.

Really?

Why is the dumbest woman using the most complicated esoteric form of the event?

That hasn't been used since the Salem witch trials.

The rhythm method, you got to take your temperature.

Phases of the moon have to like, a lot of witches getting pregnant.

Do you watch a lot of reality TV?

Is that mainly what you're into?

Well, I mean, when something, when a gem like that pops up.

Yeah, one has to.

How can you resist?

Yeah, I mean, I will watch some things.

Like people are telling me to watch the show keeping up with the Kardashians.

That is the worst show.

This is the number one show.

It's like, I watched it the whole show.

Here's what happens.

This slutty Persian tries to buy a purse.

Oh, here we go.

Well, circle.

And while her two fat sisters eat Doritos.

Now you're caught up with the Kardashians.

All caught up.

To be fair, just one of them is fat, but go on.

And actually that one's not fat anymore.

Oh, really?

I got to watch the show again.

But yeah, I mean, they're trying to hide the fact there's no plots.

They haven't hired writers.

There's no funny people, no jokes.

And a lot of these other reality shows.

So now they've just made the rules confusing.

Like what rules?

What do you mean?

Well, like on those competition shows.

If you haven't watched in one week, if you haven't watched in one week, you have no idea what's happening.

Right.

Like tonight, the bottom two, decide which six will join the final five.

Oh, great. Can't wait.

America decides.

America's having toilet babies.

Shouldn't smart Jews be deciding?

Again, folks.

The Christians versus the Jews people.

With colorful circle on Persians, Jews, toilet babies.

This is like a really professional set.

I love this.

It's a call back.

All right. We're going to come back with more Natasha after this.

And we're going to play a game after this.

This is Joe Piscopo on Indy 1013 One Company, death right.

This is not a party.

Ain't no disco.

Don't pull it around.

Ain't no mud club.

No CB, DB.

Do not have time for that now.

Got time to split down the jillies.

Now that's a glass joint.

Yeah.

Indy 1013 One.

That is Joe Piscopo.

I actually think that song's funny.

Right.

It's yeah.

One of the best things he's ever done, in my opinion.

I'm going to play the B side at some point, not today, but the B side's funny.

It's the first rehearsal.

It's basically the same thing, but it's Frank Sinatra coming to the first rehearsal of it.

So look out for that for in upcoming weeks.

You think he's a fan of Sinatra or is he?

Yeah. You know, if you read like the SNL books, he gets crazy about Sinatra, like where he starts like kind of just acting like him.

It's because he's Italian.

All Italians are obsessed with Frank Sinatra.

You are insistent upon insulting races to death.

I'm Italian.

Oh, you're Italian.

It's gross.

All right.

So let's do a segment that I introduced last week.

It proved to be very popular.

If we're ready, this is a segment called Wood.

No. Come on, Stephanie.

Come on.

And now we'll start over.

God damn it.

How many times have we we get here two hours early to rehearse stuff like this?

Every day. I mean, we're here rehearsing.

She was late.

That is not a yes and.

I have to say, Matt, you're you're an improv comedian.

Was that a yes and to you?

Yeah, as founder of E-Sbeat Theater, we would not accept that.

Straight up the Nile.

Improvizers say yes.

Stand up, say no.

That's true.

That is a good distinction.

All right. Are we ready?

Are we going to do it?

It's time for Wood You Rather.

♪♪♪ Okay, so.

Ha ha.

She really did that.

That was Wood You Rather.

This is basically, guys, it's the classic Wood You Rather.

I'm going to say a Wood You Rather and then we'll I'll take questions about the specific scenario.

I'll need all three of you for this and then we'll go one by one and we'll make a choice.

So Wood You Rather.

I earlier in the week, yesterday, in fact, I put on my Twitter, which is at Scott Ockerman.

I asked for readers suggestions and they sent in some really funny ones.

Hopefully we'll get to a lot of them.

So we'll start with this.

Root, R-Rut LA Baga.

Rut Le Baga, maybe?

I don't know.

God, that's so annoying.

Just use your name.

Right.

I agree.

Uh, okay.

Here's the first one.

Would you rather spend 10 years in prison or spend one year in prison?

All right.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Any questions from any of the three of you about?

You can ask any sort of specific questions about both the same prison.

That is a very good question, Steve.

Very good.

They are both the same prison.

Yes.

One is a, uh, the one year is a Kush Comfy country club type prison and the 10 years also that same prison.

Yes.

I think that.

Who's in the prison?

Who is in the prison?

That is a great, great question.

Like this main off there.

Like other prisoners.

Or Manson.

It is the exact same prison and with the exact same prisoners.

So you're not going to tell me who.

You're supposed to say the same.

Oh, well, the same people.

Imagine if you will...

It's white color.

It's like a Kush.

It is white color.

So yeah, I'm sure made off of it.

As long as it's white.

Yes, no person is in this prison.

I would, I have an answer.

Well, uh, no questions.

We'll go, we'll go, we'll go in a row.

Oh, okay.

Sorry, I thought you were waiting.

No more questions about the specifics of this prison or the scenario, why you're in it.

Anything.

I mean...

So it's not like a lock up raw.

It's like, no, no.

Everyone's really nice.

Would, I have to start serving either one of those sentences immediately or would I have time to prepare?

That is a great question.

In the 10 years in prison scenario, you have to, you have a lot of time to prepare.

You have six months to kind of get your affairs in order.

Okay.

In the one year scenario, you also have that same six months.

Okay.

What are you going to do to prepare?

Anal-cagle exercises, I guess.

All right, time for the answers.

No more questions.

Questions are closed.

Steve Aji, two mile left.

10 years in prison or one years in prison.

10 years.

10 years, why so?

It's Cush.

I didn't think I'd like that.

Okay.

Natasha?

I'm going to have to go with Steve.

10 years.

You can't go with me.

It's probably a male prison.

That's why I'm not going.

Only one year.

One year.

I don't want to be there with Natasha and Steve making their jokes.

This is exactly how you play.

All right.

So let's move on.

Jameson Guest says, would you rather discover the cure for cancer or get cancer?

Oh, jeez.

We are open for questions.

What?

I have a question.

Sure.

What kind of cancer?

Probably anal or ball.

I'll give it either one of those.

Girls don't get those.

Ferifosit doesn't get anal cancer.

Oh, right.

Fosit got anal.

Come on.

I thought they went together.

I wasn't sure.

Oh, they don't get- I do know Ferifosit died.

Sorry.

Okay, so if you're a girl, you get anal cancer.

If you're a guy, you get ball cancer.

Let's say that.

Okay.

You said the first choice is cure cancer?

Yes.

And are people going to be coming up to you, like thanking you all the time and getting in your face and shit?

Yeah.

That's a good question.

Like, thank you.

I can't tell you how you've helped my family and I.

And like, Facebooking you, Twittering you.

Oh, God, yes.

Probably a nightmare.

A lot of that.

If you get it, is there a cure for it?

Are you going to buy it from it?

Yeah, you cured it.

Some other guys curing it.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Can you ghost cure it?

You can do one or the other.

You can only get it.

I should mention that if you do get it, someone else has come up with a cure.

Yes.

Well, that's great then.

But the cure is extensive chemotherapy mixed with cutting out that part of the body.

I think they already got that.

If you cure it, if you find the cure to cancer, can you just not tell anybody about it?

And just let the cancer go?

That is a great question.

Yes, you may keep it to yourself and only use it on loved ones if you prefer.

Or can you get the cure and then tell people you have it, but then tell them something else that's not the cure.

That makes them worse.

Quite possible.

That's the worst.

Wait, I have a question.

One more question from Natasha.

How much money do you get for curing the cancer versus how much do you get in the settlement for getting cancer?

That is a great question.

Okay, we should establish this.

For curing cancer, you make a deal with the pharmaceutical companies, but they are very insipid and they're very corrupt and they do not give you the fair deal.

And so you spend the rest of your life wishing that you had gotten a fair deal and you just sold your cure for, like, say, $3 million, but they're making $5 billion money.

This sounds like the corporate comedy record industry.

Yes.

So you have a lot of regret.

You spend the rest of your life with a lot of regret.

However, in the getting cancer, you're able to sue your boss and you get the $3 million that you would have got for curing it.

So it's the same amount of money.

Same amount of money, yes.

Ooh.

All right, so I'm going to have to take answers.

We're going to start with Natasha in the middle.

What is your answer?

Ugh.

I guess I'd rather cure it.

Cure it?

Why you sounded really dumb about that?

Because I feel like, you know, I believe in metaphysical, you know, I believe in the universe kind of, like, responding to your thoughts and your actions.

So if I say I'd rather get cancer, it might actually happen .

Even though I know this is a joke.

Comedy segment?

Yes, I'm very serious about that.

All right, Matt Besser to her left and my right.

Okay, I would rather get it, because I know if I cured it, that'd probably be the new way people intro'd me at the comedy clubs.

Hey guy who cured cancer.

I'm sure he'll be funny.

Here he is.

Founding member of the UCB who cured cancer.

Father.

Oh, no, that's funny.

Father of...

Come around clockwise to Steve Aji.

I'll go with getting cancer.

Getting cancer, a reason.

I'm hypochondriac and my biggest fear is having a heart attack.

And I feel that if I had cancer...

It would relax you?

No, I probably wouldn't have a heart attack.

Because you never hear of people...

That's true.

Getting two.

You never hear about people doubling up like that.

Two diseases.

Sometimes they have a heart attack right when they're notified of having cancer though.

Yeah, that's true.

All right, so we have one, two, cure, two to get.

Let's move on.

Carolyn Lorena asks, would you rather only be able to watch the Tyra show for the rest of your life or watch anything you want at any time?

Ooh, what if they're both?

What if you only want to watch the Tyra?

Yeah.

Then the choice is...

Simple.

The choice would be something.

So America's top model isn't included.

No.

No, no, no, no.

So that is a very important distinction, Matt.

You need to keep that in mind before you answer.

Natasha, you have a question.

Yes.

It's for the rest of your life.

Does that mean that if Tyra have a contract for the next 10 years or if her show ends tomorrow, do we just have to watch reruns which I may have already seen?

Great question.

Hand in hand with this agreement, Tyra also enters into agreement that for the rest of your life, she will stay alive and keep doing her show.

So that is a great question.

I know I asked about America's top model earlier.

On this Tyra show, do they have people from America's top models?

Sometimes come on and talk about that show?

Great question.

That is a great question.

She uses synergy in her marketing strategies.

So yes, she does have people from top model.

You would probably be able to keep abreast of the happenings on America's show.

The price of clips too.

Yes, they would.

So that is a great question.

Keep that in mind.

Natasha.

One last question.

Because Tyra is so enterprising, you know, she's coming out with everything from deodorant to hamburgers to magazines, her own thing.

What if she has some new shows that come out and maybe it's even called the Tyra show, redoes her show, spring spin-offs of her show?

Are we allowed to include that?

I was going to say a similar thing if some of the top models spun off their own talk shows, not the modeling shows.

Which top models do you...

Which side are the top ones of the tippity top?

I like the tippity top models.

Natasha, that is a great question.

Unfortunately, I do not have the research on that.

So, you know, that may happen.

That may not.

I don't have that in front of me, that kind of information.

So keep that in mind.

So we're going to go to Matt Besser first.

Matt, what is your answer?

Obviously, I want to watch whatever I want so I can watch.

Watch America's top model.

Yeah.

Okay, good.

I thought that was coming.

I would choose to watch Tyra's show.

Why is that?

One word, big old titties.

I was going to say that too.

She does have an unfortunate hairline though.

From what I understand, most people have a forehead.

She has a five head.

Natasha, your answer, please.

You know, I don't think I'd be able to live without watching my favorite show.

I didn't always pregnant on TLC.

So it's going to have to be whatever I want.

All right, so let's do one.

This is fun.

Let's do one more.

God, I got so many great ones.

I have four more.

Scott, you haven't answered any of these questions.

I must remain an impartial judge.

Is this a contest?

Fair enough.

Yes.

Do one of us win from our answers?

Of course.

Didn't it.

Wasn't that established earlier?

Okay, let me do this one.

Wolfhard asked, would you rather make love to a living, Kermit the Frog?

Or the Kermit Muppet operated by a living Jim Henson who will not look at you?

Can you repeat that?

Okay, that one.

Would you rather make love to Kermit the Frog if he were a real frog?

Does he talk?

Yes, of course.

Of course, Matt.

Or would you rather make love to the Kermit Muppet?

Meanwhile, Jim Henson's hand is inside the Muppet, operating the Muppet, but he is not looking at you.

That sounds fun.

But that means if you're fucking in, yeah, that's Jim Henson's hand.

Where can you take?

Yes, of course.

But, bear in mind, bear in mind he is not looking at you.

You do not have the shame of having to stare him in the eyes.

Well, he does this.

Do you have to look at Kermit though while it's happening?

You want to look at Kermit, if that's what you're asking.

Yes.

Is he using just a bear hand or does he have like mannays or like raw eggs or like hamburger meat or something in there too?

Wait, so Kermit has that in his mouth while he's or Jim Henson has that in his hand.

And then the Muppet over that.

Is that what you're asking?

Yeah, like it's stuff it tight with like hamburger meat and raw eggs or something like that.

That is a great question and I'm glad you brought it up because yes, he does do that.

Does a frog, is it like a frog size or is it like a normal size?

It is a human size.

Okay, I see we're going with this.

Yes, at least be a 10 inch frog, my friend.

Kermit is a little larger than a normal frog.

The Muppet is a little larger.

Oh, it's like a frog size or it's a frog feeling.

I guess I would have to say that he, because if he were actually real, then he would have to be a frog because that's in his name, the nomenclature.

So he would have to, he couldn't be bigger than a normal frog, so he would have to be a real frog.

There's a huge frog though.

There are really big frogs in the world.

Is it a girl frog?

Oh, it's a boy frog.

For you, it is a boy frog.

For the other two gentlemen here, it is a boy frog.

If you choose to make love to the real Kermit frog, would he turn into a prince afterwards?

Oh, great question.

No.

All right, so I'm going to go for your answers.

We're going to start with Steve Ad to my left.

I choose Jim Henson operating.

And why is that?

Because I'm a necrophiliac.

No, I believe it's in the question.

It's in the question that he is living.

He's alive.

Oh, he is living, Jim Henson.

Then I'll fuck a real frog.

Okay, great.

Natasha?

Um, I think that the real live Jim Henson connected to the Muppet would be cool because also, you know, you get to meet a genius.

And that's true.

You could probably have a little pillow talk afterwards, where you talked to him about how he created Sesame Street.

Who's funnier, stattler or Waldorf?

And you know what?

I really think that that stuff rubs off on you.

Like whoever was having sex.

What the hamburger meat?

Literally.

No.

Like whoever, like when you have sex with geniuses, like if you had sex with Picasso, like some of that like seeps in somehow.

So I really think that I could make that with Dontrilik.

You know?

Matt, we're going to ask for your answer.

Okay, if he really has the hamburger meat, and it's really packed full, I'm going to do that because, and I'm going to shoot in his hair because he's not looking at me.

We need to pull out and shoot in his hair.

All right.

And that is how you play, Would You Rather?

Jim Henson is attacking.

Jim Henson is at the gates.

He's holding him for me, just in his other hands.

All right, we're going to come back with more from these three after track seven.

This is John C. Riley in Wilfherill, Indy 1013.

Indy 1013.1, that is John C. Riley and Wilfherill from the major motion picture set brothers.

All right, I've been hyping this ever since the beginning of the show.

A few weeks ago, we had Oscar nominated singer-songwriter, Amy Mann as my co-host.

And the word got out.

I guess the music blogs all picked up on it.

So I've been getting a lot of requests from musicians to come in here.

And if you are a musician and a fan of the show, please email me at comedy-death-ray-at-yahoo.com.

I would love to have you on the show.

We do not provide plane tickets, however.

LA-based would be preferable.

LA-based, preferable.

But this artist is not LA-based.

She is Icelandic-based.

Bjork is here.

How are you Bjork?

It's very good of me to be here.

Yes, it is.

It is very good of you to be here.

Thank you.

Now you're here because Dancer in the Dark came out on Blu- ray.

It's coming out on Blu-ray.

It's coming out.

This week, meaning Tuesday.

And so you're here to promote.

So thank you for being here.

Now you are a Grammy winner.

You're an avant-garde singer.

Shut up.

Excuse me?

I said shut the fuck up.

I told you not to mention that I'm a singer.

I'm here to promote Dancer in the Dark, where I acted in it .

Okay.

Don't talk about me being a singer.

There are more polite ways to bring up that you didn't want me to do that.

I will talk to your producer before they show.

And you are instructed.

You're instructed not to talk about me being a singer.

Okay.

But I'm sorry.

I am an actress in Dancer in the Dark.

That's what I want to talk about.

I mean, I do believe that it is important to give the listener context as to who you are.

So I didn't know you were going to be so stringent with that.

I am a human.

What else do you need to know?

I am an actress.

And that's...

Is it okay to say your name Bjork or is that too much information about it?

That is fine.

That's all right.

Would you call, would you say that Meryl Streep?

Uh...

Did you say, oh, you, if you were a singer, you were a mama mia and a singer, Meryl Streep is here?

No?

Wait, would I ask her if she was a singer?

Yes.

Because she was a mama mia?

Would not bring that up.

I don't think I would.

No, because I don't think her being a mama mia qualifies as being a singer.

I mean, it does for Pierce Brosnan.

But not for Meryl.

She sang in it, did she not?

She did.

True.

So respect.

Mia, do you respect Meryl Streep?

Okay.

All right.

I mean, you did...

I will cut your fucking head off.

And I will get in command and ice, ice, troll to piss, ice, echos, tanya.

You're fucking nickel.

Oh my god.

That's just not the interview I thought it would be.

Steve, do you have anything to add on this?

I...

What, what, how would you describe what you're wearing?

That's very interesting Bjork.

Can we talk about that Bjork?

It is a bull's head that...

It's...

We emptied out the brain.

And I put my body through the mouth and my arms through the eye sockets.

It looks very uncomfortable.

It is not.

Um...

Bjork, what...

You look uncomfortable in your clothes.

You fat piece of shit.

Listen.

Why don't you wear something that you bought as an adult?

We should point out Steve is wearing an invincible Iron Man t-shirt.

Five sizes too small.

Got it.

I mean, it's just a triple XL.

Baby gap.

Um...

All right, so let's get...

That Iron Man is the only Ironing your clothes, Baba.

Ooh, snap.

Let's get back on topic.

Bjork, what was it like working with Lars von Tereer?

He's the director of Dancing in the Dark.

I don't, I don't know.

You don't know.

I don't know.

Why?

What do you mean?

I don't know what you mean.

That's back on topic of your acting, right?

I mean, that's what you wanted to talk about.

I...

I once subscribed to Monster of Film Land magazine when I was a girl.

And they had the models in there.

And we would make the Monster models.

And I enjoyed that.

All right.

Um...

I'm looking for a question I can ask on this card.

I have a question.

Okay.

Who in Hollywood do I have to fucking blow to get an acting job?

Well, Dan, Dancer in the Dark was a few years back.

Yes, it was 2000.

2000.

So almost a decade and you haven't acted since.

Ah, what is the problem?

To Taylor Swift.

She gets acting roles.

She does?

Yes, she does.

She's in television all the time.

Do you mean the singer Taylor Swift?

Yes, I don't mean the singer.

So why are you comparing yourself to Taylor Swift?

Because she just got cast in another big mood.

But she's a singer.

Why would you compare her?

Don't say that word.

If I ever see Taylor Swift in an airport, I will cut her.

Cut her what?

You got her skull out and wear her as a dress.

That and now that Bjork is a great idea.

What if you took all of Taylor Swift's bones out of her body and then just like wrapped her around like a pashmina to use Natasha's reference from before?

Great idea.

That is the first good idea I've heard.

I will cut her and I will have an ice elf.

Shit.

Ice sickles.

Get into it.

Arm sockets.

Vinesica, tinnis, a fat whore.

All right.

Well Bjork, we're going to have to wrap this up.

I'm to be frank, I'm sorry that I paid for the plane ticket to bring you all the way out here just for this.

That was pricey.

So that's in the dark on blue right coming out to his tinn ies.

At least she's a professional.

She knows how to plug her things.

All right.

When we come back, we're going to have more of Natasha Laj ero.

More with Steve Aji.

More with Matt Besser.

indy10131.com and this is comedy death ray.

I know it's hard.

I know it's hard when you're alone.

I know it's hard for you.

Bruce McCullough on indy10131.com We're on the air.

That's that sign is new, isn't it?

That's fantastic.

I'm here with Steve Aji from Sarasilverman Program who plays Steve Aji.

No, is that true?

Steve Myron.

Steve Myron, which sounds vaguely Persian.

I'm also here with Matt Besser.

Hello, Matt.

You're back after taking the last segment off.

I did.

I don't like Bjork.

I can't be in the same room.

I don't like her now either to be in the room.

I was so excited to meet her and it was just very disappointing.

She is, and I want to say this in the most delicate way possible, but a cunt.

Yeah, she's a real rag.

Natasha Lajero is here.

Hi, I just thought of a new idea.

Okay.

You could actually play like current hits right now and it would probably be very funny too.

Like because they're so bad.

You know like the Taylor Swift song like you could start playing like just what the number one song is.

Or like that show or that song that's out about I love college and that guy's just screaming about pizza over a Weezer song.

You're right, that is an idea.

Natasha, what's up?

Do you been traveling?

You're back now.

Did you ever, did you go home when you were out there?

Or do you usually like swing through?

Because you're from where you from?

I'm from Rockford, Illinois.

Do you ever go back there as R.E.M.

like caution against?

Right.

Are they talking about Rockford, Illinois?

I have no idea.

They say going back to Rockford, right?

Don't go back to Rockford.

Yeah, don't.

Listen to them.

It's pretty terrible.

And people are always asking me like where are you from?

Like I'll be, you know, because no one in LA is from.

It may be Rockville by the way.

Yeah, I don't think it is Rockville.

It should be Rockford.

Okay.

But you don't pronounce it like Rockford.

But although Chief Trick still lives there, I saw Rick Nielsen and his family eating sushi while I was home.

Did he throw a guitar pick at you?

He did.

I brought it here.

I was going to give it to Bjork but she disappointed me so that.

But yeah, so people always ask you where you're from in LA.

You know, and it's very hard.

No one's heard of it.

And you know, I'll be sitting somewhere.

It's like, so where are you from?

I'm from Rockford.

What's Rockford like?

It's the city equivalent to this conversation.

Why are you talking to people like that?

We're in Illinois, Rockford.

Why am I talking to anyone?

I don't know.

People who talk like that.

Where are you from?

That's just how I imitate men.

Oh, okay.

I make them all sound real dumb.

That's like my sister imitating anyone.

She goes like this.

Why do you have to?

Is your sister Maria Bamford?

No, but I brought something to read to you.

I wanted to, because I was just home.

And people always ask me why I never go home.

And I found this newspaper article from the Rockford Register Star and I wanted to read it to kind of show people why I never go home.

It's brief.

Can I read it?

Yes, please.

Okay, this is hot off the press.

My dad just emailed me this and I printed out.

Okay, it's called art.

Do you call your printer a press?

It's a printing press, yes.

Did I say I just printed it off the press?

No, you said it's hot off the press.

I should start calling my printer the printing press.

Yes, I like it.

It would suit me.

It is a very Natasha thing to do.

Liquid you, suit.

Shoot.

Yes.

Rockford Illinois, so this is from, it's called armless woman refused service at McDonald's.

All right.

Rockford Illinois woman Don Larson, who was born without arms, was refused service at a McDonald's drive-through when the staff refused to let her take away her food with her feet.

Larson pulled up to the first window, gave the cashier her credit card with her foot and was told by the cashier, girl you ain't got no arms.

That's in the article?

Yes, that's in the article from my hometown newspaper.

Girl you ain't got no arms.

I don't need to read the rest of it do I?

No, no.

It's too depressing.

But I did go home and perform and I read that article and everyone got mad.

Because they know the girl or because they're doing...

Because I'm making fun of their city.

I don't know how I got roped into playing the face to Italian in Rockford, but I had to follow an Italian band like these people from Italy.

And then I came on stage.

It was kind of like a San Gennaro type festival where everyone's eating sausages enjoying the music.

But then I performed, it actually went okay.

Is it like the Laverne and Shirley episode where they had the big street fair and they had to climb that greased pole, remember?

Yeah, it was just like that.

But it was fun performing in my hometown.

I offended a few people.

It was a little dark for them some of the things.

Let me ask you a related question.

Okay.

Do you have an iPhone?

I just got a new app that turns my iPhone into a blackberry .

Oh what?

Because I'm an adult!

These guys with their iPhones, everyone's...

Some guy was telling me at the airport, he's got this new thing.

How did he sound?

He was gay, so he doesn't sound like the harmonized.

But he was telling me that he got this new app called Grind r.

Have you heard of this?

Has anyone heard of this?

It's basically for gay guys.

And so you go on your iPhone and you can find any gay guy within like a certain radius.

And then their picture.

Really?

Grindr?

It's called Grindr.

Why?

Well I think it's for grinding.

Because for potential grinders.

But yeah, so you find like so we were in line at the airport, he's like this guy, you know, Julius is 0.2 miles away and then they show like all pictures of his body.

And then you can like instant message him right away.

And pretty depressing.

This is like the greatest commercial for Grindr.

Go fucking an airport bathroom.

Yeah.

Like when you're at the airport there just be millions of them.

Oh that's one I'm born against.

At the airport?

Yeah right before I go through the detector.

Phone would explode walking through Soliwood.

Can I talk more about my family or do I think?

Yeah let's hear him.

Well my brother, my little brother, he's very sweet.

He's a hip hop artist.

He is a rapper.

He's actually really good.

Yeah.

He's really good.

I met him at your birthday party.

Oh you did.

Yeah he didn't rap at all.

But he would.

He's always like wanting to do his new beats for you and you're like not right now.

Like he'll just be like on your way out.

He's like wait check this one out and he'll start rapping and it takes you know 10 minutes.

He's very good.

What's his handle?

His name?

Well his name's Nick.

His moniker.

Nick name.

My name is Nick.

My nickname is Nick name.

I came to spit and like he's like weird.

Please tell me that's not one of his raps.

Well it's his handle.

Maybe it sounds silly just coming out of your mouth.

He's really good.

I will send you his latest video.

But here's the problem.

I'll take a hard pass on that but continue.

I want to see it.

Well are you kidding?

No I would love to hear Nick's songs.

He's really good.

Anyway but the problem with him we always get in fights he is obsessed with Tom Lycus.

He thinks Tom Lycus is a genius.

Don't you care.

I know that is.

Yeah he's like main thing is like don't dare bitch.

And he's always telling guys to don't that bitch but so I 'll be in the car with Nicky and we'll hear Tom Lycus on the radio and he just has the advice he gives guys.

Some of the stuff I heard he's like listen if you like a chick make sure if you take her out don't let her drink beer or wine.

Hard liquor only.

Like to call that rape tip number one.

And then another one of his things he's like listen if you do have to and his whole thing is about like spending the least amount of money and getting the most amount of sex.

Like if you do have to take a check out to dinner make sure to eat first.

That way you go out to dinner you only order a salad.

You don't want to seem like a fat pig she just order a salad you could say money.

Like all his food for all his all his advice is about food too.

But you don't want to fuck a woman on an empty stomach either.

No that's true.

Good point.

I would love to see the look on that date space and that job of the hood or as a dinner salad.

Yes.

Side salad for me and our six scotches for the abortion factory.

Oh my heavens.

What?

Natasha.

Oh I mean character that Natasha's playing.

Factories.

Like can I just say the best piece of advice and then I'll let you.

You got to hear this one.

He's telling guys like listen if you like a chick and you fucker make sure after you leave the house carry a little thing of Tabasco sauce put it in the used condom that way when you leave she won't try to re-insuminate herself with the baby.

That's a great idea.

Like first of all why isn't there a toilet?

Say it all.

Who carries condiments in their pocket?

A fat ass.

Who carries condiments?

He's using condoms.

Condiments.

He's carrying Tabasco.

Just a little tip for you when you do that joke again just really say that word and get that meant to be meant.

It's not a joke this is all off the cuff I just thought of it.

Oh I'm sorry.

Condiment.

That's just a little tip.

Tom Lycus.

Little tip for the comedian.

You should throw your empty condoms up in their ceiling if it has one of those towels.

Yes.

The usual side.

But have you ever heard of such a joke?

Look.

Well this just in Natasha we have hot off the presses we have a song that we're going to play just a little bit of hot off the presses.

I quit that sick.

There's too much risk you make it piss.

The deer will live.

He'll take you down.

All right that's a I cannot hear anymore of that that is your brother.

That is him.

Yeah we found that on YouTube while you were talking.

Why are you were prattling on?

I could have I could have um well let's let's let's get one of the hooks though.

I don't want to hear it.

It's time for.

Oh you want your Joe Piscopo do Frank Sinatra?

That is right.

Classic comedy.

Right.

Let's do a segment that I haven't done in two weeks but someone requested it.

Let's go track three.

This is our entourage wrap up what happened on entourage this week.

Ooh.

James Dixon.

Oh yeah yeah.

All right what happened on entourage this week?

Vinny joined Facebook.

Track three again.

All right and that is what happened on entourage this week.

Let us go to track number nine and we'll come back and wrap it up with my guest Steve aging Natasha Littero and Matt Besser.

Come be death ray.

Fuck you.

Fuck you with something hard and sand papery.

Batch.

You're not my friend.

Andy 1013. One that is Kelly aka Liam Sullivan.

I got to get him in here to do a live session.

Yes.

I really enjoy his music.

I love his beats.

Yes I do.

All right this is comedy death ray.

This Tuesday at comedy death ray the live show which is here in LA Sarah Silverman.

Ed Helms from the hangover Matt Brounger.

Only five dollars that is at the UCB theater.

Matt's theater but we shouldn't talk about that.

Is Ed Helms the one who's dating Jennifer Aniston?

I don't know.

Whoa what?

What?

You fucking like that.

That's supposedly Bradley.

I'm not going then.

And then I also wanted to talk about yesterday I did this really interesting thing.

Friend of the show Paul Sheer.

He's been on the show.

He was on the Weird Al Show.

Episode eight maybe.

He started a really interesting blog.

Basically let me give you a little bit of the backstory but we went to Comic-Con and Paul is really super excited about a painting that he painted.

He's a really big lost fan.

Do you guys watch the TV show Lost?

So he's really big into it.

He's always talking about Lost.

He loves it.

So he painted this painting of the creators of Lost.

Carlton Cues and Damon Lindelof on Black Velvet with a polar bear.

The polar bear from the first episode of the show with his arms around both of those guys.

He painted this and he was really excited and we went to the Lost panel.

And I don't know if you've ever been to one of those panels but they can ask questions.

So he got like the second he weighed in line really early and then like went up to the mic really early and he got to ask the second question and he gave the creators of Lost this painting.

And then he started a website about the paintings he's going to be doing called Damon Carlton and a polar bear.com.

So that's Paul Sheer's blog. He started really getting into Lost fan art and so that's the back story but basically he's been getting a lot of like weird emails from this strange like art dealer saying he doesn't have the rights to Lost and he can 't put up the paintings on his website.

So it's very bizarre.

And then I don't want to give you too much of the story but a couple days ago he got a weird email from somebody who works at ABC who sent him a picture of his painting in the trash can.

So they threw away his painting. So I don't want to tell you exactly what happened but yesterday he wanted to go confront them and so he enlisted my help and we snuck on the ABC what.

So the guy he gave it to actually threw it in the garbage and he would give it to an assistant or some like game turn or something. No they threw it in the garbage. That's the information that we had. So Paul we snuck on the lot and so anyway video of that is going to go up today.

Oh my god. Oh my god. So that's Damon Carlton and a polar bear.com and that's a friend of the show Paul Sheer. So I just wanted to talk a little bit about that. We're going to wrap it up here.

I want to thank my guests Matt Besser. Thanks. Can I plug a show? Please do.

At the Usabe Theatre in LA tomorrow night. Greatest concert ever at 10 p.m.

We have all Neil Young's going to be there and Jimmy Hend rix and Eric Clapton. Tom Lin will play that one and lots of people. It's a funny show. And oh and get on my Twitter and tell me about records to break. Matt just joined Twitter today at Matt B esser. Let's get on it. At Natasha Lajero what do you have to plug? I'm doing a show at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery August 20th.

It's going to be a hot show. Go to my website or find it on I don't know how to find it but you'll have it. That's a good show. Yeah it's really Steve 's done it.

Take's doing it this week. We've got a lot of likes. You're doing any out of LA shows coming on? Oh yeah. I'll be in Vegas at the Palms for the Playboy Comedy Show next week. Oh that sounds fun. I don't know if you guys ever get out to the Palms August 13th and 14th. Oh cool. I was just in Vegas. Steve, my co-host today. Sarah Silverman Program coming back next year. What else do you have on tap? Next week I'll be at Largo with Sarah I think Wednesday. Oh fantastic. And you also do your web show. Saturday's with Steve on Ustream.tv. Yes so that is on Saturdays in the afternoon. You have people on at your house. You just kind of haven't been doing it a lot lately because of shooting and all that stuff. All right that is it for us. I want to thank everyone. I want to thank Stephanie here on the board. It's doing a fine job and we will be back next week with someone. I don't know who this is. Comedy Deathray. I 'm Scott Ocarman. See you next week. Bye.

Good.

Bye.

I've done a lot.

God knows I've tried to find the truth. I've even lied. But all I know is down inside I'm bleeding.
