---
layout: page
title: 150. Bobby Moynihan,Paul F. Tompkins [12086⧸21034].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

An opportunity like this comes around once in a millennia.

We have a very special guest on the show.

I don't want to say who it is.

He's been on this show several times, but today we are going to dig deep.

We are going to get probing about his life and his career.

I don't want to spoil who it is, but you're going to hear from him all hour, all of that and more, all on today's.

♪♪ I wish I had more tie-dye t-shirts.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much for that catchphrase submission, Charlie Craft.

And, yeah, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back.

I'm back from my travels.

This is, by the way, if you have never heard the show before, my name is Hot Sauce, the chalk talk.

And I'm back.

I'm back from South by Southwest.

Thank you so much to everyone who came out to see us at South by Southwest, to see these shows.

Have some great shows.

You heard the one that we put out last week.

And then, you know, thanks for coming out to all the other ones at the stand-up shows and the, that weird IFC show that we did in the strange IFC house.

Apologies to anyone who came out to that, to see us turn that into a debacle.

And, yeah, I'm back now.

We're done with the show.

We're in post, the TV show.

We're in post production.

If you don't know what post means, post production is what that means.

We're editing them together.

They're coming out great.

I can't wait for you guys to see it.

Thanks so much for all of your kind words about the sneak peak that we put out.

And speaking of the sneak peak, we have one of the guests that you saw on the sneak peak here for the entire hour.

This is quite a treat because sometimes he comes barging in here like some loudmouth buffoon.

But we have him here all hour.

He's here for a quiet sedate interview.

And we're just going to get into it.

I mean, I'm very excited because I, you know, growing up, as many of you know, a musical theater person, I loved his work growing up.

First of all, I came to know his work from the musical Joseph in the Amazing Technicolor Dream code.

I saw that when I was 14 years old, thought it was fantastic.

Then Segway didn't do it a more, in my opinion, a more adult tone with Jesus Christ Superstar.

But then the hits just came up to oncoming with Hevita.

And what you can see on Broadway right now with Ricky Martin.

And from Hevita, we went to Hecats and Hey, Phantom of the Opera.

And so many more.

And he's here to talk to us about all of those and what he has going on now.

I want to welcome to the program our very special guest for the entire program.

He's a musical theater legend.

He is, I would say a composer, not as much a librettist.

He usually finds other people to write the words for him.

But maybe we're going to find out about some of his future projects.

But you know him.

How long can this intro go on?

I know.

You know him as Lord ALW.

Andrew Lloyd Webber is here with us.

Do you know, Scott?

I've been holding my breath for the entirety of that introduction.

I had no idea.

Why did I do it?

Why would you?

I was not required to do so.

No, I never asked you.

Under the podcast you will buy laws.

Why?

A gentleman who holds his breath during an introduction.

Everyone knows this.

Well, maybe you're just soaking all of that in.

You don't want to exhale.

You know, a gentleman never soaks anything in.

I noticed that you've tied a ribbon around your microphone.

I have.

Is that for the troops?

Yes, I know you're very...

Which troops, by the way?

Grenada.

So...

I'm late on my walls.

I'm just getting around to Grenada.

Yes.

There's bloody Falklands.

Thank God that's over.

Yes.

Well, welcome Andrew Lloyd.

You know, you've been a guest on this program many times.

Outlets!

And this is the first time that you've been an invited guest.

Yes, thank you.

Usually we're doing the show, if people have heard the show before, usually we're doing the show and I talk to one of our guests.

Correct.

And in the middle of the show, some oddball comes in.

And you're sometimes...

Right, certain you don't lump me in that particular...

No, no, no.

You're an actual theatrical gentleman.

Yes.

Who occasionally comes in.

Legend, some say.

Some say.

I just said it.

Wouldn't kill you to repeat it.

All right, you're a legend.

Thank you.

All right.

Well, welcome to the show.

It's always great to see you.

Thank you, Scottrick, for actually inviting me.

Now, in a way, you have invited me because you have an open door polity.

I do.

When it comes to you, sometimes I need to invite you because you're a lot like a vampire.

Yes, that's cool.

You won't step into a room until...

I think it's because of my middle.

I wear this medallion.

You're a Dracula.

You better be with it.

Well, listen.

And your cape.

Dracula medallion is of course the style of medallion that it is.

It refers to the shape.

I have not been awarded it for Dracula activities.

Draculaic activities.

I wish I'd said that the first time.

Well, we could always snip that out.

I was warned.

Nope.

So, welcome to the show.

Yes, you're an invited guest.

Thank you.

You were saying.

Yes.

So, I sometimes just had to barge in here when the spirit moved me.

When I had something about which to speak, a burning desire to share my thoughts with the world via your podcast.

You quite often have several new ideas of theatrical endeavors.

I say, that's true.

I'm always thinking, don't you know.

You see, I work in my dreams.

So, when I fall asleep each night, all sometimes during the day, well, none of us getting any younger darling.

I shall go into this cloud cuckoo land where I think of my ideas for musicals.

That's where they all come from.

I noticed that some of your ideas are a little bizarre.

Well, a lot of them involve being naked at my old high school.

I would love to see that new musical that you have planned.

There was one, a new one that I had been working on called, My Mom's House Only.

It's not My Mom's House.

But, hey, I might be.

Yes, yes.

That I have to rush down here to the ill-wolf stujos and share with the world these thoughts that I have, because I burst into the zeeves of the creativity.

Well, we have plenty of time today to hear about all of these ideas.

Thank heavens, because I look forward to spending this time with you.

We're going to do our best.

You're going to do our best.

Mono-a-mono, one-on-one.

Man to man.

Mm-hmm.

And no to uno.

And nothing will ever interrupt us.

Not a single thing.

Until we reach the end of the program.

That's right.

In which case, we will be interrupted by the program's conclusion.

Yes.

And that may not be an interruption as much as it will be a denouement.

No, I like what you use there to terms.

Thank you so much.

Thank you.

So, first...

Ask me.

May I say...

Yes.

At this point, it's rare that I do such a thing.

Scotric, you may ask me anything.

Nothing is out of bounds.

Nothing is off limits.

It's all fair in love and war and this interview.

We may chat about this.

That even the other thing.

Which I have heretofore forbidden any journalist to ask me about.

Right.

All right.

Well, let me try to delve deep then.

I am an open book.

I am lyrics.

I would love to ask you something just maybe that no one has ever asked you before.

I dare you to do so.

All right.

Who would you say are the two main characters in Jesus Christ Superstar?

Ah, this is an excellent question.

No one has ever asked me this.

Usually everyone just knows.

If I were to... if I were to stay definitively who the main two characters are in Jesus Christ Also, you could expand it to main three, two.

No, I like who you think.

Certainly this is two unasked questions in a row.

The main two characters are in order.

I would say...

In order of importance or in order of appearance?

Both.

Okay, great.

No, I can't remember who appears first.

Please don't hold me to that.

I believe Judas appears first.

No.

This would be in order of importance.

Okay.

In my mind.

He... the curtain rises.

Yes.

Lights up.

Both of those kind of usually at the same time.

Everyone is told backstage stop whistling, stop saying Macb eth.

And then all of a sudden Judas appears on stage.

That's right.

And you hear that famous refrain.

Always there are some booze in the audience.

Yes, always.

They recognize a booze.

They let you trade our lord.

Then Judas twirls his mustache.

That's right.

He puts on his top hat.

He's dead.

He stands up from the train tracks.

And he...

I... Jesus Christ.

And he asks Mary Magdalene for the rent.

That's right.

She says, I cannot pay this rent you ask.

Yes.

And he says, oh, but I am Judas Iscariot.

And I demand you pay 30 rent.

30 pieces of rent.

Yes.

5,000, 2,100.

600 rent.

Yes.

And then Jesus bursts from his ropes.

And he says, Jesus smash.

And he goes on a rampage.

Smashing this and that.

The military is called in.

Yes, of course.

And they start firing at him.

But the shells, the shells just bounce off of his skin.

He says, you make Jesus angry.

CUNY humans.

Yes.

Then punches pilot comes in.

Yes.

And he says...

And he punches punches.

He punches punches.

Who becomes a pilot.

Gets in a plane.

But he can't fly it.

Because he's so scared of the controls being dirty.

He keeps washing his hands.

Yes, of course.

The plane crashes.

Yes.

Jesus resurrects everyone for the plane crashes.

Smash cut two.

It's 20 years later.

The Skydad Corporation is taken over all of Judas.

Yes.

Oh my goodness.

What in a minute.

Now, many of you have probably not seen this program because you're not theater nerds like us.

No, no.

I imagine you like your sporting events.

Yes.

Cricket.

North American baseball.

Your North American football.

What's that?

Football.

Mmm.

Sounds familiar.

It's a game where it has a quarterback and he touches the ball with his foot a lot.

Oh, you mean like English soccer?

Yes, of course.

Yes.

Okay.

So, and that's Jesus Christ Superstar and there's the characters.

Okay, fantastic.

Well, I have many more questions like this.

So...

I hope you have thousands and thousands.

So here we go.

The more probing the better.

Okay.

You may ask me personal things.

It doesn't need to just be work related.

I'm giving you card block.

Okay.

All right.

Personal questions.

How do you feel about the main characters in Jesus Christ Superstar?

Do you feel like they're the right ones that you picked and who are they?

Do you know, Scott Rick?

I have conversations with the characters from my musicals.

Almost every...

Who's that knocking?

This is...

Ileorekja!

So, I...

This has never happened in the middle of an era.

Who's this little ragamuffin?

Hello.

Look at this street urchin.

Hey, who is there?

Hello.

Who are you, son?

Speak up, boy!

Are you an angel, Loi?

Why, yes, I am.

Oh, it's nice to read a word.

You're a smart young child.

You are.

Oh, my God.

Hello, hello, young man.

I'm a fan.

You're a fan of the musical theatre.

Yeah.

And my work in it in particular.

Yeah, I was lost and I heard your voice outside, so I came.

I say you recognized my voice.

Yeah.

From outside of the building.

Oh, it wouldn't recognize that voice.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

I like the cut of this young man's jib.

I do too.

But this is your lost in the building, young man?

I got lost.

I'm so sorry.

I was outside.

I was so lost and I heard the voice.

So I came in because I'm hungry.

I was looking for scraps.

How long have you been lost?

For a couple years.

For a couple years, you'll see.

Yeah.

That's a long time to be lost, little boy.

I don't have a watch or a cat.

I don't know the exact time.

Do you know the day that you...

Yeah, you may borrow my calendar.

It was a third, really?

Yes, they are.

It was a true Lloyd Webber, this calendar.

Wow, what's on that calendar?

It's huge.

Look at this calendar.

What's on there?

It's beautiful.

So many days.

Well, aside from the days, he scribbled little appointments on there.

Tell us some of those.

It's got one new topic of a film.

He's doing first film.

Oh, wait a minute.

A new film.

This is a scoop.

He's never ventured into that.

I know because I follow his work a great deal.

Well, you've been gone for the last two years though.

How would you know?

He's talked about it.

Newspapers.

Okay, do you see newspapers every day?

Yeah, that's what I sleep on because I don't got a home.

Oh, these newspapers don't have a date on them?

They do, but I only got one good eye.

Oh, I feel like a fool for asking that.

Seems like planning to read a date on a newspaper though.

I'm sorry.

One good one?

Yeah.

Seems like you could read a date.

Well, I kind of would not get down to breath tech or anything.

No, I'm sorry to press it.

You've the little boys that ever see.

You've been starving to work a little on it sometimes.

Oh, I am sorry.

Do we have any food here at the studio for this type of boy to be?

Just scraps and cramps.

I mean, all I have is sort of the fat that I cut off of my steak.

That will be the greatest.

I don't know.

I don't want, you know, I mean, it's bad for health.

For health.

I don't know.

I was saving that for my dog.

He is a ragamuffin.

I'm better than a dog.

I'm a human boy.

He does out-rack dogs.

All right, here.

I'm not my table scraps.

Thank you.

Wait, don't do your eating the foil that you're eating the swan foil.

There's vitamins in the foil.

No, please unwrap it if you could.

Okay.

Yeah, okay.

You're very hungry.

Thank you so much.

I haven't eaten any years.

Wow.

Is that medically possible?

I've survived that long.

I don't know.

I don't got a real doctor.

Fair enough.

That makes sense.

See, we're just using science that we know.

But you say a doctor would be able to tell you if not eating.

A doctor could tell you anything.

It's most trusted man in the business world.

And to be fair, Scott Rick.

Perhaps we've become used to medical advances that have happened in the last two years.

That's true.

Perhaps we know that doctors can tell people that...

Yeah, that's a stop.

Yeah, we're saying.

Yeah.

So it's commonplace to us now, but for this little boy.

You're just a no.

Emerging from the fog of two years ago.

Just a no.

You're a member of 2010.

Oh, I wish I could.

Oh, no, actually 2009 because we taped this in 2011.

Oh, that's right.

I keep forgetting that.

Yeah, we taped it a year in advance.

I keep forgetting it's 2011.

That's because I got your calendar.

So that's exactly why.

Give it back.

Your calendar back.

Yeah, I give you these table scraps.

Once as big as yourself.

Oh, thank you.

You're so many table scraps.

I'm just always carrying them around.

Really?

For what purpose?

For just such an occasion.

At least I meet orphans.

Take me if you want.

Put me in musical.

Are you nearby?

Are you an orphan?

I used to be an actor.

Is that so?

Yeah.

You've trod the boards.

I tell our musical theater when I was just a baby boy.

Is that?

What productions would I have seen any of these?

I was in Jesus Christ's.

What?

That's what I'm buying.

Yeah.

What rule did you play?

Jesus Christ.

He's one of the main three.

Can I, may I be candid?

Sure.

He's the main number one.

Wow.

The most important character.

All right.

Jesus Christ's superstar.

So you played Jesus Christ's superstar?

Yeah.

So we just called him Jesus Christ in the musical.

So can you sing one of the songs for us?

I wore my coat with gold and wine.

I love it when Jesus wears his coat in that show.

It's just like he shows it off and he's real.

Could it be a big coat?

It's real nice.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It must have looked even bigger on you.

I still got it.

Really?

Yeah.

Why aren't you wearing it now?

Got stolen.

No, no, you don't still got it after all.

I was on the street sleeping and a man took it.

No, they may ask you, young man.

Yeah.

What are the curious circumstances that led you to be a homeless little fellow?

My parents were dead.

Eww.

So did you run away from an evil orphanage?

Allah, Annie, or?

Yeah, and now rich man took me in for a little while.

He got me into a theater program.

Oh, that's so nice of him.

That was nice.

Sort of broadened your horizons.

I just wanted scraps.

Well, I'm sure if he was a rich man, you could have eaten.

He was a very rich man.

Ice cream sundae.

He gave me an ant on one.

I put it on the ice cream sundae and I told the banana split got created.

I don't know if you know that fact.

Wait a minute.

Hold on a second.

I have to ask you, young man.

Well, the second time it was created.

Oh, no further questions?

So when you created it, when it became something in your mind.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

I had never seen one before.

Okay, so you actually created it because you'd never seen one before and you're heard of one.

Yeah, I created things all the time and just created an air conditioner.

Someone can invent something even if it exists.

Yes, if they don't know it exists, they think they've invented it.

It's like someone who writes a joke that already exists.

You still wrote the joke.

Great minds think alike as they say.

Yeah, baby.

Wait, I just made that up right now.

I'm sorry to tell you.

This is the creation.

What?

The creation of Austin Powers says, copyrighted that.

What's up after the power?

He was a great and gone for longer than two years.

A great agent.

I have.

So what happened to the rich man though?

He put you into this theater program and then...

He threw me away.

Oh, what?

He was a little dumpster.

It was crazy.

Hello.

Wait, so you were in a theater program?

I found, I was walking to streets looking for stories.

I just looked for scraps in a very rich part of town.

And the rich man picked me up and he said, can you think?

I said, yeah.

Okay.

He put me in a theater program.

Okay, but what happened then?

I don't understand because you're under the care of a rich man.

It seems like you...

I get, sometimes I can be a bit much.

Oh, you're a handful.

Yeah.

Now, it's gorgeous, it's right.

Normally, for an orphan to become under the care of a rich man.

It is a conservation devalue to be wished by orphans.

But you're saying it was through some personality quirk of your own.

Yeah, I get stabby.

What is that?

No, I'm not familiar with Dominican slang.

What does that mean?

Crankier.

I live on the street, so I got to know how to take care of myself and be tough guys.

Certainly.

Are you wise?

I'm trying to get stabby.

Again, I do, I'm not familiar with this trip.

I'm trying to say Lord A.L.W. is dead.

He's calling out it to deserve the respect.

I go, go walk on it.

What is your name?

I'm the way we have to.

My name is Fagan.

It's Forval.

Forval.

But one last.

Wait, what was I saying?

Oh, stabby.

Yes.

Stabby, I think what he's trying to say is he actually stab s people.

Oh, yeah, all the time.

Is that what you mean?

You got to take care of yourself.

You got to know how to stab or else you'll get.

Are you carrying a weapon here?

Well, you're not wrong there.

Are you carrying a weapon right now?

I'm not carrying it.

It's in my pocket.

You know, semantics, he's got you.

Okay.

Take the glazed pocket and scare you again.

Our hands are all greasy from the scraps, so I don't want to get on a knife because then the stabby won't be so accurate.

And to be fair, you did make him unwrap the scraps.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, you know, I mean, that actually is in our favor in case he wants to pull that knife.

So that would be.

It may slip out of his hands.

Why, why so ever should he want to pull that knife?

No, you guys seem nice.

We are.

I am.

So did your father figure, the rich guy I would imagine.

Where he was nice.

He was nice.

Why, why, why, why were you compelled to become so as you put it, stabby?

He's got a mouth on him.

He don't know where to stop.

That's so why.

What was some of the tell me to clean my room and I'm not ready to clean my room fucking.

Please.

Oh, yeah, man.

Yeah.

Fulfal.

Don't fuck with me.

Fulfal.

I hate, I hesitate to even criticize you.

It's okay.

I like your show.

I'm a fan of the show too.

Wait, you know this show as well?

Of course.

How did you get lost right outside my building then?

I got lost all over the place but right outside I heard the beautiful voice and I came to it.

I didn't even know it was like, it was pulling me towards like a rapture of some kind.

You've been gone for two years.

It's 2011 right now because we take the show a year in advance.

So how have you even heard the show?

Have you been listening outside the door this whole time?

Sometimes I'll just go up close to people's ears when they have headphones in and try and listen in on the streets.

Oh, that's not annoying.

Yeah.

No, they hate it.

Well, I would curse those people.

You're an adorable little fellow.

Thank you.

I would be delighted to show you.

Come with me with that to drink.

I would feel much more comfortable if you disarmed yourself .

If you just sort of put that out on the table and just...

That's one.

One?

What?

Butterfly knife or invented that?

You invented- in what way did you invent that? Because that 's an actual professional knife.

I just thought of it, so I bought it.

You bought it, you didn't. I mean...

Well, sometimes I like to say that's inventing things.

Man, I- I've never had one before and I never seen it, so when I bought it, I'd say, down this, it's something I could get used to.

You're an masterful, though. I ask you, and you say, butterfly knife.

Yeah.

Are you referring to the shape or its purpose?

Um, I have killed many butterflies.

By knife.

Yeah, because they don't know when to fucking- Oh, again!

Young fellas!

They just fly near you and they're in your personal space and you got to tease these fucking things a little bit.

Oh, I have!

Please!

Where did you learn?

Where did you learn this kind of language?

The streets.

Oh, okay.

Oh, there you go.

Now you have it, yes, the streets.

You mean, we have to judge him on a different scale than the normal people who have been raised correctly.

He's at times when he uses such vile words.

He sounds like a regular cockness.

Yes.

He's been born between the sour one of both men.

I was in my fair lady too when I was a cuss.

Is that so?

What role did you essay?

Oh, Alfred Do Little, the father, clearly.

Oh, meaning get me to the church on time.

Me too, d'you know, it's a hard time.

Wonderful song.

Oh, I love that song.

Even better hearing a little child sing it.

Thank you.

It's a brand new meaning.

Did you know the songs and the musical were written by the monkeys?

Hey, no, I rest in peace.

Yes, they did not write that.

Next year, next year.

I know.

This is not right.

Yes.

That's the other thing.

I'm in the future.

Somebody should tell him.

Wait, I'll get around.

I'll get around.

I'm you a very greedy leader.

You're a child traveler?

Oh, yeah.

I mean, I've never mentioned that on the show before.

Why am I not?

I ping pong back and forth from a year in the future.

Are you in control of this?

I regulate sort of what happens.

You know, I'm sort of a time policeman.

Time copper.

We don't like to be called cops.

Time bobbie.

Time bobbie is much better.

He doesn't like that, Andrew.

I'll stab this guy.

No, no, no, no, no.

Please don't.

Please fall.

Do not stab.

See, right, this is what's worrying me about you.

He's a genius man, but they don't mess with people.

I know, but that's what's troubling to me is that just a second ago you said you would never stab either of us.

And now you're saying that you will stab one of them.

You see, you see, but Tyler, too ready to stab.

I'm just glad to add it.

I mean, the good thing is though, at least your weapons are equidistant from the three of us.

They're just right there in the middle of the table.

Any of us could reach over.

I'd like to keep it fair.

Yes, so if it ever comes to it during the course of this program, we all have a good equal chance at grabbing the knife.

Although it does look a little slippery because of your hands.

Greasy.

So that may come into play.

If it ever comes to that, I'm not saying it even will because hopefully we'll be great friends.

But it may come into it, it may slip out of some of our fingers if we ever grab.

I'm sure we will remain the best of companion through the entire podcast.

Everyone's just got to stay cool.

Yeah, well, I'll stay cool.

That is all stay cool.

All right.

As fun to tell you what, I do want to take a little bit of a break here.

Why?

Well, you know, to pay the bills.

I don't understand.

What does that mean?

I need about two minutes to go online and pay some of my bills.

Some bills.

Yeah, you know, just my electric, my cable bill.

I wish I had bills.

Oh, we'll get to that because we may have some bills for you.

Yes.

I bet we do.

I have a lot in one.

Yes.

Responsibilities of a home.

All right.

So let's take a break and we will be right back here with Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber and we will be right back.

Comedy Bank.

We'll be right back.

Comedy Bank.

We'll be coming round when we come.

We'll be riding six wide horses when we come.

Excuse me.

Are you the singing bush?

We'll be riding six wide horses when we come.

Excuse me.

Are you the singing bush?

Are you the singing boy?

Yeah.

Blow the man down.

Yeah.

Blow the man down.

Yeah.

Blow the man down.

Yeah.

Comedy bank.

Oh, hey.

I do apologize.

That is, in large part, all I do on this program.

You were doing the...

You're trying to take it away from me.

Resetting.

Yes, of course.

I do apologize.

Comedy bank.

Oh, I'm doing the same thing again.

I do apologize.

I would have much appreciated if you would zip by your lip.

Apologies.

As a lord, I'm very used to having my own way.

He's the host.

Let him do his job.

Yeah.

You know.

Fulfill.

Very good.

He's the host.

You got a corner.

You got a lot of stuff going on.

Let him do his lip.

I would have regular Stacey's mom.

Reference.

Yes.

Do you like fountain of money?

I love references.

Do you have a fountain of money?

What's that?

It's the band that sings that song.

Stacey's mom.

What song?

Stacey's mom.

You just know it as a saying?

I know Stacey and I know him all.

Oh, okay.

I understand.

Well, we're back here with Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Yeah.

And you know, Fulfill, I wanted to sort of get it.

You know, we were in the middle of a mono-amano, one-on-one , hard to heart with Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber and as much as your problems are interesting to us both.

Thank you.

And one of us may want to adopt you.

On the way.

At one point.

It's entirely plausible.

So you're making a 90% good impression.

I'll treat you right.

Just let this program be an audition for you.

Okay.

10% is the stabbiness.

Yeah, that's...

I understand.

It's hard to overcome.

That 10% is really weighing heavily on me.

Makes a difference.

Yeah, yeah.

I know about auditioning because I auditioned when I was a baby.

How did you get the parts, by the way?

I mean, you auditioned.

Were you the best?

How did you get to the audition?

I would crawl.

You could.

I'll crawl sometimes in a pepus.

A pepus, you say?

Yeah.

Like a red Indian.

Were you ever put into a basket on the river?

Yeah.

Really.

The roses.

Yes.

From biblical times.

You should do a musical about Moses.

Yeah.

No.

Not interested.

Two Old Testament Eve.

You've done...

I did Joseph in the amazing deck.

The Call of Dream code, yes.

Old Testament.

That was my foray into the Old Testament.

And that covered all of the Old Testament in your mind.

It's just so dreadfully ridiculous.

That's where a lot of people would say the great stories of the Bible are.

They're all made up there.

Well, sure.

False.

Yeah, of course.

But so is most of them.

The ludicrous fairy tale.

Are you trying to say that your shows are non-fictional?

Yes.

The Phantom of the Opera?

Yes.

Is a non-fiction tale?

You've heard of the opera.

Yeah.

Phantom is a word.

I would agree.

Yes, it's in the dictionary.com website.

Therefor.

Phantom of the Opera.

Okay.

This is a lot like...

Symbologic Foreville inventing stuff, I think.

No, he's very clever lad.

Yeah.

I know that I didn't really invent the things I'm not fucking stupid.

Oh, a coke language.

Please.

I'm becoming.

I don't like the way that you motioned your head towards me too, like to try to startle me.

Don't get in my way.

Okay.

If I ask you.

Yeah.

Where I do adopt you.

I'm not saying I'm going to.

I'm going to.

This is a rich guy, just like the other rich guy.

It's the only audition process.

Very well made.

I won't count my chickens.

I own a space shuttle.

If...

Where I do adopt you.

And I attired you in a little velvet short pants suit.

I gave you a hat.

Straw hat with a big bow on it.

I was a big bow.

Let you grow out your golden curls.

What about a lollipop?

I would give you the big lollipop you have a z-m.

A lollipop?

A lollipop.

Do you think that would curb your tendency to swear and use this guttling?

To the harm they're going to get fucking what they deserve.

Oh, I don't know.

You know, one thing maybe that you need to learn is that when someone criticizes you or gives you instructions and an adult figure, it is a form of love.

And I know that you're used to people withholding love from you.

Yes.

But it actually is a form of love because it's guidance and it's someone showing that they care about you.

That's nice, but I mean, still, I'll break your fucking neck.

I see.

I cross the knee.

I go missing the point of what we're trying to do.

Just don't cross me.

I'm just saying.

Okay.

I'll come to you.

I'll clean.

I'll do my chores.

I'll be good.

I'll help you transpose your music.

Oh, and thank you.

Now you're talking.

How do I do it?

Because the keys are getting a little high for you, Andrew Lloyd, whether I've noticed play a play.

But you know, because I will, the way I have my cast members learn the songs is I sing them to them over and over and over again until they learn them.

Yes, of course.

Because you don't know how to play piano.

That's the weird part.

I don't even, I'm not even sure what a piano is.

It's that thing.

It has 88 keys and like the movie Dick Tracy.

Yes, of course.

It has 88 keys.

Very weird reference.

You know what?

I love that you are, you have a breadth of knowledge about cinema history.

Yeah, I'm pretty good with that.

Yeah.

Quite a little.

A little scamp.

It's true.

So I do want to ask you, before we get to my question to you, Andrew Lloyd Webber, we never found out exactly what happened to the rich old man.

Was he old, by the way?

Oh, Scottish.

Scottish.

This is a good line of inquiry.

Okay.

I don't know whether he was old or not.

You never said he was old.

He's old man.

He was old.

How old was he?

74.

Wow.

That is elderly.

Rich, elderly man.

And we've never found out his fate.

Will he, will he ever see 75?

No.

What?

I mean, he's passed over.

He passed.

Yeah.

And what way did he pass?

He said, he woke up all morning.

He didn't look so good.

And I said, are you okay?

And he said, leave me alone.

And I said, what the fuck did you say to me?

And he said, I don't feel completely me alone.

I just stabbed you out of home.

How awful.

Because you don't feel more like like that, especially in the morning.

Foll of a, I'm going to overlook the language in this instance and focus on what I think is the most egregious crime you've committed, which is the crime you've committed.

Of murder.

You stabbed this murder in the first degree.

In the first degree.

Yeah.

Premeditated.

Yes.

One might say.

Yes.

I've learned a lot talking to my friend, I see you about murder and sexual crimes mainly, but that.

He wrote cop killer, one of the greatest songs in history.

Really?

So you know we co-wrote that song?

No.

What?

It was originally called a cop hugger.

And I said, I see you.

I've got an idea.

I have to ask him about.

I stir up a little controversy.

Oh, yes.

You, me and body count.

And it worked.

It worked like a, it went down a treat.

The three of you.

I mean, I'm counting body count as a collector.

You did.

Yes.

It's a collection.

You have to do.

You have to do these things.

In this economy.

Yeah.

But that is fast.

I have to ask him about that next time he's on.

I wish you would.

I wish I would too.

He's very open about talking about the creative bruises.

I'm going to go into the future just to make sure I've done that.

Excuse me for a second.

Where does it go?

I don't know.

There was a flash of light.

I don't know.

Well, why are you pointing that at me?

Because I'm back.

Oh, no, maybe too soon.

Yeah, I did.

I did it.

I forgot to tell Davey Jones though.

Oh, no.

Oh, well.

It's fine.

He's old.

It'll be fine.

So what exact, so, so did the, the policemen take you away?

No, I ran out into, grabbed what I could in my bindle and I went out into the street.

You grabbed your coat of many colors.

Yeah.

Mike, I still had that.

I said, break me, Michael.

I called you.

Now did you?

I ran out of the street.

The servants brought you.

Yeah.

And they weren't frightened of you from, they, no, they could, I nice to them, but they know what they cross.

May I, may I say, Scottrick.

And of course, Forva will know this from his experience with this rich elderly man.

Servants, they do their jobs.

And they do, if they're good servants, they do them impecc ably well.

It would be a crossing a boundary for a servant to presume to presume someone from the upstairs.

You got to know your place.

You have to know you.

It's true.

I have, I have a lot of this.

We do agree.

I have seen downtown Abbey.

So I know.

Yeah.

Scottrick.

Yes.

What's wrong?

You and I know that like fingernails on the chalkboard of my ear.

I don't know what you're talking about.

I'm talking about my favorite program.

Don't say it.

Down.

Happy.

I said it twice now.

Oh, God.

I love that show.

The biggest downtown Abbey.

I'm getting steady.

I don't want to.

Go, go, go, go.

I won't bring it up anymore.

Can I ask something about your coat?

Sure.

You say it's a coat of many colors.

Yeah.

Are you sure it's not just a white coat that has a lot of red blood stains on it?

Are you fucking kidding me right now?

Don't fall.

It's my amazing technical dream coat.

Steady.

I just wanted to make sure that it's.

Just red light ways.

I'm sorry.

Let's advice.

I still do.

There is blood on the coat, but it's so many.

It's the blood of many.

The blood of different colors.

Wait a minute.

Are you trying to say that like Spock's green blood?

I told her a Neemoy.

Who is this?

You called Leonard Neemoy.

It's morning.

This morning.

Watch, watch it.

In 2011.

I hope no one will ever hear of this.

Okay, let me check.

Excuse me.

Oh, okay.

I'm back.

No one's heard of it.

Oh, thank you.

Next year.

Let's keep this dear secret.

I'm going to make it imposter.

Oh my God.

Because I think I checked and no one has ever seen the headline.

Director of three men and a baby has been killed.

I heard if you watch that film, you could see the background of one of the scenes where Ted Danson is throttling Steve Gutenberg to death.

Say, why did you make us have a baby?

We're only two men.

It's very early in the film.

In the background, you could see Leonard Neemoy.

Leonard Neemoy.

Being stabbed to death.

Oh my God.

There's a shotgun too for a second, but.

Turns out it was just a cardboard cutout of William Shatner drowning his wife.

Oh, dear.

My wife.

All right.

Let's get back on track here because we've gone off the rails.

Good luck to you.

A little bit here.

What I want to know, and then we'll get back to, uh, uh, four of a, we'll get back to your troubles and we'll sort of check in with you a little later .

But what I want to get back to Andrew Lloyd Webber is I feel like- Oh yes.

Hello.

I'm still there.

I feel like we were talking about your career and if it is- Yes.

Do you have a favorite topic?

You would promise me some sort of, uh, as we say in the biz , a scleucey.

An exclusive about, uh, what you were up to next and I would love to hear exactly what you're doing.

Yes.

I did promise you an inscoupment.

And what I brought you is, uh, my latest, uh, endeavor.

Now you know, uh, they're planning this, uh, we're here to, uh, speak calls here in 2011.

Yes.

They're planning this, uh, television programs.

We're right in the middle of pilot season.

We're right to the middle of pilot season 2011.

Yes.

Now next year, uh, from what I understand, sources tell me, there's going to be, um, a show, a television program.

Are you talking about the one, uh, where they are in the future and they go back to the past and there's dinosaurs?

I'm so excited for that one.

That is going to be amazing.

Ah, yes.

It is not the topic about which I'm speaking.

Are they talking about Whitney?

I'm super, uh, whi- oh, I'm, uh, she's in sweatpants.

It's, no, I know who she is.

It's Whitney.

Sorry.

How dare you.

Sweet Whitney.

Downton.

So, um, downtown.

This, ooh, kurtles my fruit.

There's going to be an hour long drama of the television here in America.

There's going to be about the creation of a Broadway musical.

No.

It's going to be called smash.

Is this about Jesus when he bursts out of those ropes and he attacks the army?

It should be.

Ah, but it isn't.

It's about a regular musical.

Okay.

It's a, the music, it's the behind the scenes of, uh, some, uh, tiles and theater people.

The creating a musical about the life of Merrin.

Merrin?

Oh my God.

That's IFC.

That was beautiful.

Your IFC, the international fried chicken.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

You're creating.

Yes.

Next year.

Oh my gosh.

I hope they pick up, uh, my show.

We're just working on a pilot with them right now.

May I tell you some news for the future?

Please.

I've talked to another one of these time bobbies.

Yes.

It's looking good for company bank banks.

I love it.

Oh.

One word of advice.

Yes.

No, I'm not a fan.

You must do it.

No, no, no, no.

Scortric, please believe me.

Nope.

We'll do it.

You gotta do it.

Won't do it.

You'll see.

All right.

You cannot change the future.

Everyone knows this.

That, that is one thing when I've been in Britain.

I've been in the future.

I've stayed away from it because I hate spoilers.

No, spoilers.

That's one thing being a time policeman that is really annoying is I hate spoilers.

Let's get back to me.

Okay.

Sure.

So.

Yes.

I've written this script.

We're talking about Smash.

Yes.

It's a spec script of the, the drama smash, which is about the creation of a musical about the most tiresome person in the world, Marilyn Monroe.

Oh, people love her today.

Why do they still keep talking about her?

No one knows.

You go into any teenage girls room and they just have pictures of Marilyn Monroe.

They love all of them.

Oh, wait.

No, I'm thinking about people in the 70s and 80s.

I'm not talking.

You may be.

People are people in their 70s and 80s.

Yeah, those are the people in South of Marilyn Monroe.

That's right.

I've written an episode of this show and I hope it will make it to her.

But I'd like to, I have a year, even though I have a year to prepare, it'd be good to do a little, just read a scene just to see how it feels out loud.

Okay.

And then I'll know if I can work on it.

Good luck with that.

And, yes.

I wonder if you might be able to help me.

You would like us to read?

Scottrick, I would love to review and dear young Fovell here would read rows of Fovell.

You've trumped the boards.

I have.

This would be an honor.

Well, the honor is mine, young man, an esteemed board trader such as yourself.

And this is amazing.

And this is a soundtrack.

Hey.

If you have a bit of a background.

Yeah, a bit of a background.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, you know, this is almost like when Quentin Tarantino directs like an episode of CSI or VR or something like emergency room.

Did you ever see that episode of the prices?

Right?

No, I haven't.

It's lingering shots of the women's feet as they introduce the prizes.

Disgusting.

Now, yeah, gently hear your scripts.

Oh, thank you so much.

I would carry you know, the I was plaid scripts in every podcast studio I go to.

That's right.

Underneath the furniture.

Yes.

Now, Scottrick, if anyone finds it taped underneath their seats, they win a gift certificate usually.

Yes.

Also a paint pack blows up at their faces.

This one isn't going to blow up from my face.

No, no, because I've handed it to you.

Okay.

It responds to my touch, my touch early.

All right.

Now, Scottrick, if you would say the role of the director, director and however, and forval, if you would play the role of the actress.

Now, I know that may seem strange.

Yes, a huckstress.

That may seem strange because you're a little boy, but back in the bonds.

It was not a no.

I have range.

No doubt.

Your voice is a little high too.

I mean, that's not a criticism.

Or could you say that?

I'm just saying that, you know, we're all different.

Human beings are all different.

We all have different voices.

That's true.

There's over 30 voices, speaking of voices.

Forval, are you able to change your voice depending on the character?

Could you play a young lady?

I'm a fucking actor.

All right.

No need to point to that at me.

Gosh, yeah.

Greasy, though, at me.

Very well, that as Scottrick is the director, forval is the actress.

I will be playing the role of Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Oh, so you're actually in this?

Yes.

Why not take the liberty of writing myself into it while I 'm writing it?

Have you ever acted before?

Never.

We'll see how it goes.

I've seen you on this year's American Idol.

Yes.

And who were you mentoring them?

Mentoring them all.

That's right.

And why didn't you say to all of them this year?

I told all of them to imagine with the singing of the songs .

Yes.

And they are singing you the voice of dear old Glamables.

Yes.

Now she's not as limited yet, but not a tall spot.

Certainly not a fast budget.

Just a regular old Glamable.

Yes.

I saw that the other day, and I couldn't imagine what you were thinking.

Why is that?

Well, I mean, who know?

OK, well, why do you think any of these children would know what a Glamour push is?

I don't even think I know what a Glamour push is.

How do they do what dinner plate is?

How do they do what a salad bread is?

Yes.

How do they do what a whisk it is?

How do they know what wine to serve with fish?

Well, have you ever heard of a baba chute?

Of course you have.

You're a child.

Very well.

All right, very well.

So I will also read the stage directions as needed.

OK, fantastic.

Here we go.

We begin with the director.

Do I need to knock on the door?

No, you don't.

I don't know why.

It takes me to already inside.

Oh, well, let me set the scene for the list.

How is anyone going to know that I walked inside?

I do.

I do when you will stop talking, except when educated.

I sent the scene for the listener.

We're in the rehearsal studio, or rehearsal, as we say, in the Britain.

They're working on that tiresome musical about Better than the Bro.

They're all very tiresome theater people.

And they're arguing with each other as people in the theater do.

Everyone considers themselves very important, and they are, of course, wrong.

All right, and the director begins.

He does not know.

I'm walking in the door now.

OK, he's already there, but go ahead.

All right, let's get back to rehearsing people.

We are making a Broadway musical about Marilyn Monroe here, not playing American football with President Barack Obama.

Whatever, I'm rolling my eye.

It's gagged me with a spoon.

Wow, that is a very well done.

Thank you.

Very well done for all.

I heard that young lady actress.

Now let's take it from the top, and this time, try being talented.

Mm, quite a bit.

Suddenly the rehearsal room door opens.

And then walked an impressive figure in an expensive jumper , and wearing the robes and medallions of an English lord.

The actress is so startled she cries out.

Excuse me, this is a closed rehearsal.

I am so sure.

You empty-headed fool.

Don't you know who that is?

Why, it's Tony Award-winning Broadway composer Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Oh, you're grace.

I am a worthless creature who shall crawl on my belly for the rest of my days.

Hey, rise child.

You're all equal to the eyes of Thestmas.

Now of course, that's not actually true.

My supremacy in the theatre is absolute.

How are you?

I just want you to see how rehearsals are going for.

Marilyn Monroe, the musical about Marilyn Monroe and her life and death.

Oh, who cares?

Won't you sing one of your own songs for us?

Oh, please, your excellency.

If you shant, I shall take this dagger and slit my own cat awalling throat.

You don't don't- No, that's just a stage character.

You're not meant to do it.

No, there's no need.

I'll stay up if I need to.

Full of a stage character.

It's a study for that.

I'm sorry, sorry.

Stay your hand, child.

I'll go you one better.

I'll improve a song that already exists.

Hurrah!

It's even about Marilyn Monroe already.

I'll just take the liberty of fixing the lyrics.

Goodbye, Marilyn Monroe.

You've re-deceased.

All of my musicals never got to see one.

Not even Jesus Christ superstar the earliest.

People still talk all about you.

I don't understand it.

You didn't even see Starlight Express, where I had actors on roller skates pretend to be trains.

And it seems to be your life was irrelevant because you didn't see any of my work.

Why do people care about you?

It takes away conversation about me.

I'm glad I never knew you and I'm glad you're dead.

Probably roasting in hell for assisting in someone having extra merit for the fairs.

The president, you're American president.

And it goes on from there.

Wow, what a- Powerful.

Oh, I wasn't going to say that.

What were you going to say?

Moving.

I was going to say judgmental.

Well, judgmental.

Yeah, I mean- Wow.

In what way?

You think somebody of what I just said in hell?

Because they- How did you put it in assisting in- Rosie?

In hell for assisting in someone's extra merit for the fair s.

Do you want me to stab this guy dead?

Oh, no.

Now first of all, presumptuous.

Let's not put the card before the horse.

Secondly, as much as I would like you to stab all matter of people, I will ask you to sheath your weapon.

Thank you for all your fine, you're an honorable young man.

I love you.

Oh, okay.

Well, I say I love you as well.

Thank you.

You're the son I never actually have.

Several children.

But you are a son I never had.

I think they're this great.

Well, I hate to think that this matter is settled because we still have some of the program to go before you decide whether or not you're going to adopt.

That's true.

Nothing has been signed yet.

I have not signed the adoption papers.

Do you have adoption papers on you, by the way?

Oh, so let's do them.

The remark of the clean for having been in your disgusting blood-soaked coat for so long.

They're the one thing I keep close to my heart.

Oh, getting a bit dusty.

No, I think you're crying.

No.

I wake up and I look at the papers and I say, maybe I'll meet the Lord and you'll wipe on your teeth.

Well, you've wanted to meet him specifically?

I've been following him for years.

Oh, okay.

I thought you were lost.

No, I'm a filthy liar.

The truth comes out.

Oh, this is a bombshell that I am afraid we're going to have to take a cliffhanger on because we need to take a break.

What strike me, Scarlett?

I can't believe this turn of events.

We are going to find out about this.

We mustn't take a break.

No, we're going to have to take a break.

It's not too delicious.

We have to.

We'll be right back with comedy bang bang and we'll follow up on this dramatic turn of events.

2011.

Sorry to say.

But, Ceres, according to a most indelible source who lives near you, is out of it.

True.

Ceres is definitely out.

About as out as out the opposite of him.

Don't ask me why.

It doesn't make any more sense to me than it does to you.

To see Ceres sitting silly, sad, moping, melancholy man here in the deepest of dumps.

Come come, Ceres.

What do you think people think?

And if Fuchsia could see you fussing so?

And oh, what Grey would say.

No, I'm sorry, Ceres.

With your talent for Tinging, you should be ashamed.

Every shade of you should.

Now you get up and get out and start Tinging.

Or I'll call the police.

Did you hear me, Ceres?

The police.

Ceres?

Did you hear me?

I'm sorry.

We've done it.

And we're back.

Adfrio.

Ah, yes.

We were just warming up during that break.

We always do.

Because we tossed the energy ball around for a bit.

Course played soundball.

Made a machine.

Yeah.

And we are back at Comedy Bang Bang.

And we're here.

A surprising turn of events happened.

Oh, yes, that's right.

Yeah, we immediately forgot about it.

Because I'm so cold enough in exercises.

Yeah, I made a little normal talk about it when we came back, which is the only way that I can remember anything.

So yeah, so we're back.

And you were saying that you've been, I have it written down here, stalking Andrew Lloyd Webber?

I wouldn't call it stalking, man.

Don't put words in my mouth.

I mean.

You didn't use that word.

You're right.

You've been following him with murderous intent.

And unbeknownst to me.

No, I want him to be my dad.

Okay.

Well, I don't want to murder him.

He's a genius.

How did you first hear him?

I mean, you obviously...

I mean, when I was in Jesus Christ, it really touched me and I wanted to be with him forever.

Oh, this dear little fellow.

Wow.

He is melting this miles of heart of mine, which I've just decided I have.

He's a kind man who's brought smiles to millions and I want to be part of that.

So let me get the chronology of what happened here.

You were put into the...

The most important thing.

I don't understand why this will be confusing.

You were put into the drama program by a rich old man, 74 years old.

Daddy War Horse.

What's his name?

He's one of the legendre angels of the theatre.

Correct.

He used all of his unlimited wealth to fund various productions of this, that and the other thing which I have allowed you to ask me about.

Yes, I'm going to get to it.

We have time.

Now this gentleman, he's been a friend to the theatre for as long as I've been alive.

And you're saying you stabbed him to death?

Oh yeah, I didn't want to.

He treated me right, but then that morning.

All he asked was...

He just asked that you leave him alone.

He was feeling poorly and you stabbed him unto death.

You don't act like that.

You got to be nice.

I don't tolerate rudeness.

But a horrible dear boy.

Have you ever considered the more peaceful alternative of discussion, of those...

Negotiation, talking with people before you bring out your cold steel blade and inserted betwicks their ribs?

I would definitely try to curb my problem with you, but I know it's hard.

When you live on the streets and you grow up like that, everyone's trying to get you.

How did your original parents die?

Because you're trying to say that you came into these stab by feelings because of growing up on the streets.

Yeah, because my parents die.

Right, so how did they die?

When it was my birthday and they said happy birthday to you and they sing the song and they brought out the cake.

Classic from Mildred and Patty Hill.

Yeah, they brought out the cake.

Those spinsters?

Those mildly old croons.

Still demanding money.

Still the mother's not here.

They've passed.

Would you believe it?

I had a birthday party for someone of my staff.

We all sang happy birthday.

There they appeared.

You're rising up out of the floorboards.

And they passed a hat?

They made everyone turn out their pockets.

Some of the poorer members of staff, of course, very embarrassed because they had no money.

And moms!

Who had their pockets?

I remember.

Well, I was a bortified on their behalf.

That's happened to me with my wallet every once in a while.

Oh, no.

In the lean years.

The David lean years.

Yes, when you were a person at your David Lean.

Of course.

Not very...

A weird person to a person at.

Yeah, it doesn't get you a lot of money.

Not much demand for it.

Not at all.

Very few people have a lot of Arabia parties.

So what were we talking about?

Oh, who cares?

So, okay, so they sang happy birthday.

I stabbed them.

Oh, no, why would you stab someone?

They sang happy birthday.

They watched singing happy birthday and they got me a cake and I want to fudge you the whale cake.

But...

You wanted an ice cream cake.

I want to fudge you the whale cake and I want that.

It's your birthday.

You should get what you want.

So I don't think that you should blame the streets for your murderous leanings here.

I disagree.

It sounds like they were instilled in you before you were on the show.

On the streets, it seems like your murderous urges kind of ...

I think I just learned from the hardships and stuff that's denied from me.

One might say you have a Vigo Mortensenian history of violence.

Some people say I have a Vigo the Carpathian history of violence.

From Frückosbostestu!

I like Slimer from Ghostbusters.

Do you remember him?

Did you remember him?

He had a mouthful of Hoshadog.

Oh, I loved him.

I wish I had a mouthful of hot dogs.

I liked the cab driver who was a skeleton.

Oh, yeah, he was great.

You know, a bit of trivia about Slimer.

His name actually wasn't Slimer.

What if I was...

They never caught...

Oh, it was...

Joseph.

Yeah.

And he got the nickname Slimer because...

I don't know if you noticed this in the movie, but he actually emitted some sort of slime off of his body, which then would rub off on people.

Well, that explains the line that Bill Murray has when he encounters this ghost.

Slimer.

And then he's knocked down by the force of this little green goblin.

And when he arises from the floor, he's covered in slime.

And he says out loud to the other actors.

He's slimed me.

Yeah.

I don't remember that part.

True.

Maybe I dreamed it.

Perhaps I'm making it up.

Yeah, you might be.

You think so?

You might see Ghostbusters?

Yeah, I watched it.

Yeah.

I watched it with Ray Parker, Jr. and...

What?

Tell us about that.

I lived with Ray Parker, Jr. for a couple years.

Did you really?

Was this before your original parents or after?

After.

Was it before the original Ghostbusters?

Right after I stabbed my parents, I took my dog Sandy and I went on the streets.

And then I went...

Ray Parker, Jr. went next door, so I just went in there and sat down.

It's not doing much, so we just hung out.

Yeah, he was a session musician, of course, who just kind of locked into the Ghostbusters theme.

Locked into stealing a song from you.

From you, from you.

Just people lock into stealing things.

But that's what happened.

I found out that he stole that song from here we will with, so I killed him.

Oh, no.

Oh.

Damn.

That's not a secret, just no one cares about it.

Yeah, true.

Yeah.

Okay.

So, let me ask...

What were we talking about?

Yeah, I asked this.

Dear master Falville, where I to adopt you.

You take your honors my ward at the very least.

Oh my God.

I'm going to put you in my mansion.

Yeah.

Which can be seen from space.

Where is your mansion, by the way?

Is it in the merry old land?

At the top of the world.

Okay.

If I were to install you in my top of the world mansion, which can be seen from space, in order to curb your more stabrionic tendency, what if I were to put you in a special room?

Now, this room, it doesn't necessarily have walls as we know them.

But it has the sort of see-through walls that sort of made of a bunch of thin sticks, just in regular rows on four sides.

And but these sticks, they are made of gold, solid gold.

Wow.

And I've never seen gold.

What about the ceiling and the floor?

Would those also be sticks as well?

No, those would be more squares.

Just a sort of a very solid thick square.

So out of the six sides of this room, I'm presuming it is six sides.

Is that?

Well, it's a little room inside a bigger room.

So it's a four-sided room.

Four-sided, but there's also the top and the bottom.

Yes, so you've got me there.

Six sides?

So two of these.

Congratulations, Albert Einstein.

I don't, I mean, it is your Nobel Prize in mathematics.

I tried not to admit the atom bomb.

I think you are trying to make fun of me for you not knowing something.

That would be exactly what's happening.

All right, but in the six- Why don't you look into the future and see if that's the case.

In the six sides, the top and the bottom are solid.

Yes.

And the other four- They're making a roof and a floor.

Sure, and the other four are kind of like- it seems to what you're describing could otherwise be known as a cage.

Well, a gilded cage.

A gilded cage.

Of my very own.

Yes, and I would keep you in here.

Well, let's say one calendar year in order to make sure that you're not going to stab anyone, but that you can see I mean, you know harm and you 'll get used to the rhythms of my voice and the things that I will ask you.

So are you not used to these rhythms, by the way, in this point?

No, I'm very used to them.

I just, you keep harping.

I'm not going to kill nobody unless they, unless they- Wait, see, the unless they- Unless they, that's the sticking point.

Like I wish you would just put a full stop after- Well, I wish you would back the fuck up.

Oh, for all these we would have that language in the gilded cage.

I'm going to reach for this.

Don't act stupid.

I'm going to reach for this if you don't- I'm also going to reach for one of the other lives.

I think I can't reach quicker.

I think that my reach, I have very long arms.

I'm very fast, fast like a rabbit.

I'm a scamper.

Yeah, but you have short little stubby arms and I don't say that to criticize you.

I just mean- Holy shit.

Holy shit.

That was- One moment.

One moment.

That's stubby arms.

Let's do this as gentlemen.

I'm just saying that you have sort of a baby's body.

Oh, I fucked up.

You know how- Oh, boy.

You know how a baby has- What are you doing?

You know how a baby has just kind of like a fat little just like- Oh, me, the fuck back is- It's not going to happen.

Please, fuck.

He looks like a little- He's a mother of girls.

He's a mother of girls.

I swear to Christ.

I swear to God.

I can't stand up.

I can cry so slightly from balls to gully if you don't shut your fucking mouth already, okay?

Alright.

Fuckin' please, man.

I'm shut up.

I just wanted to say that.

I don't want to be this way.

Okay, well.

Alright.

I say, how close are we to a break?

Why do you need a break?

No, I just have an idea.

Oh, you have an idea?

Yes.

Okay, well, why don't we take one and- Well, before we take the break.

Yes.

How about this?

Okay.

Count of three.

Yes.

Marky, the Queensbury Rules.

Okay.

Everyone reaches for a knife.

One, two, three.

Hey, everyone.

I'm sitting here with Paul F. Tonkin's a good friend of mine.

Oh, well, Joe Bizfriend.

Joe Bizfriend, yeah, I mean we see each other in show business and gay.

Oh, for Mears, a lot.

Oh, for Mears.

Normally, we're in Tocitos when we see each other and today we're in our street clothes.

That's right.

And, but Paul, I wanted to ask you, do you have any shows coming up because I'm a big fan.

I would just want to, you know, sometimes when you're on the show and you're not on the show today, obviously.

No, I wish I could be.

Oh, gosh.

If only.

I want to ask you about if you have anything coming up because a lot of people would love to see you live.

Scott, I'm glad you asked me.

I do have a couple of things.

I'll be appearing on David Reese's crazy letterman.

Nope.

What?

You're confusing things and people are going to get there.

This is not going to be helpful.

Okay.

They're very funny.

David Reese, who has written a book called How to Sharp in a Pencil.

He's doing a live show that teaches you how to sharpen a pencil.

It's going to be a largo at the Coronet Saturday, April 21 st.

In about a month's time.

Me and Daley were both going to be on the show and David Reese, who's very funny, is going to actually read from his new book How to Sharp in Pencils and he's going to sharpen pencils right in front of your face.

It's artisanal pencil sharpening.

Oh my gosh.

Tickets are available at Laffstub.com.

I can't believe tickets are still available for that.

There's just a few left, so get on that.

Great.

It's going to be a great crazy show.

Get up on this.

Another thing that's happening that very same night, my Comedy Central Hour Special, laboring under delusions, will be airing at 11 p.m. on Comedy Central.

Set your...

God damn T-vose.

Video recorders or God damn T-vose.

Both of them.

Whatever you have in the house.

Except them.

You could go to the Los Angeles.

You could go to the show and then by the time you get home, this wonderful thing is going to be on television.

I can't believe that you're not having a big premiere.

Well, you're doing a show instead.

I would love to see you on the red carpet for it.

I'm a little too shy to have a big premiere for this.

Also, nobody would want to have one.

You are shy.

I have always said that about you.

The world premiere is taking place on television, Scott.

So if your home has a red carpet and you have a tuxedo, you 're all set to watch.

If your home has a red carpet, by the way, I feel sorry for you because it's too easy to get that dirty, you know?

And you know what though?

If you have some mustard and you spill it on there, it probably looks nice.

That's true.

Anything else, Paul?

The Pot F-Tomcast.

I have Tomcast, one of America's great podcasts.

I want to give a shout out to Clint Cooper.

You're our sponsor.

You have sponsored our Ear Wolf Studios.

Cooper, Cooper, Cooper, Cooper, Clint, comma, Clint, comma, Clint.

Clint Cooper, thank you so much for sponsoring.

If you want a sponsor, the Ear Wolf Studios, go to EarWolf.

com and I will see you at the movies.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

Boy, that was a cliffhanger too.

Let's see who's got what?

Who's got, okay, open your hands and we'll see who's got a knife.

This is a candle.

It can't be an advent candle.

And wait, what do you mean by an advent candle?

So what are those purple candles that you light?

You open during advent season?

No, that's an advent calendar.

Oh, this is a mini-fastards to advent.

Anyway, what are you holding?

Oh my gosh, I'm holding a stick.

It looks like a divining rod.

I'm going to have to find water.

Yeah, it's pointing just sort of northeast.

I'm going towards the ocean.

Yeah, oh, okay, there we go.

Northeast towards the Atlantic.

Yes, exactly.

Okay, great.

Yes.

Well, you could see the Pacific.

Why would you do the divining rod?

True is true.

I know why I'm playing supply buttons.

You're damn right.

Look at little four of them.

It's got all the knives.

That's really greasy knives.

There's even more knives in the world at the table.

And garat wire.

A pongy stick.

It's got a candlestick from Cludo.

A couple of rottweilers.

Oh, it's got live dogs.

Oh my goodness.

Live mussels for a while.

How are you that quick?

I told you not to reach, man.

How are you that?

I mean, I just assumed from your short little stubby arms that you were just cutting.

Oh my gosh, he's got all the knives and some dogs.

I know, but I don't mean to insult you.

You've got a death wish, man.

I don't mean to insult you.

I'm just calling him like I see that.

I'm just calling him like I see him.

Well, I hope you won't do anything with those.

Well, don't cry.

Don't.

Do you want to put him back on the table?

Put him in this cup hole, dude.

All right, here we go.

All right.

All right, there they are.

All right, guys.

So we just have one last thing on the show.

And I did have one question, though, for you, Andrew.

Yeah, for, I mean, you said I could ask about anything.

Anything at all.

Yeah.

I had one really specific question about, I want to get deep with you here.

Yes.

So can you tell me what were the colors of Joseph's coat?

Oh, of course I got it.

Let me see if I remember correctly.

It was red and yellow, green, brown, scarlet, black.

I think there was an ochre, peach, ruby.

Olive, violet, fawn.

Memories, lylic.

Gold, of course.

Chocolate, move.

I think there was also a little bit of cream in there.

Have I said crimson yet?

I think there was crimson.

Silver, of course.

And the red palette rose.

Azure, lemon, russet, grape.

Did you say crimson?

I did say, I believe I said crimson.

He said it.

I'm sorry.

Purple.

He said it.

Just let him do his thing.

Quite, even though it's the absence of color.

Pink, orange, red, yellow, green, brown.

Did I say scarlet, black and ochre?

Yes.

Oh, you know what it is?

I'm seeing them in my mind.

And in my mind, Joseph is turning around.

I feel like you forgot.

He's doing a spin, a 360.

He's showing it off.

He's seeing a real dandy.

I'm seeing them all over again from the beginning.

Yeah, I feel like you've forgotten a really important one.

Did he say crimson?

He said crimson.

All right.

Oh, oh, oh, yeah, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

You've just...

Shut up.

Gentle, please.

This is most unseemly.

Okay.

The kid...

Oh, blue.

Yes, that's the one that I'm...

I don't know why I couldn't think of blue.

Yeah, maybe the most popular color of all.

This kid bugs me.

I don't know what it is.

You were...

It's a fucking bitch.

Oh, please.

F-forful.

Why don't you practice your butterfly knifing for just a little bit?

It's often...

Let the grown-ups talk for a little bit.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Just try to stab around your fingers.

Have you ever done anything?

I'm a biddly pig.

Yes.

Are you really gonna...

No, I've never been more terrified my entire life.

You're not acting like it.

I have to say that you're a very good actor.

I'm trying to appease this monster.

I think you'll be really good on Smash then.

Do you think so?

Yes, because I mean, I would never have guessed.

Is it a bit of a cheat I'm playing myself?

I think it's not a stretch necessarily, but sometimes you have to ease into something.

You know, I loved the player where they're all playing themselves and everyone had a great fun.

Yeah.

The rock had to play a crack addict before he could move on to being ahead of state.

Yes, that's right.

You know what I mean?

It's wonderful in that film.

It's underrated.

Wonderful.

That's gothric.

Yes.

I need you to spear it away from the studio.

I don't know that I have the resources to do that.

What exactly do you do?

You simply must.

Well, I have a radio to a helicopter pilot to do that.

Don't have him throw down a roof ladder.

We don't have one of those.

I mean, we just have this...

For us.

I mean, we just have kind of a strange hatch that leads into a...

I say.

A Heidi hole.

Like a spider hole.

Can I squeeze into this Heidi-holing spider hatch?

I guess you could, but I mean, the thing is...

Okay, goodbye.

Wait, it's hidden.

That's the...

I'll find it.

Okay.

Good bye.

Well, I hope not forever.

I hope not forever.

Good bye.

Okay.

Hey.

Forval.

Hey.

So, how did that game go?

It went good.

I was practicing my night.

Yeah.

It looks good.

Oh, you didn't see him go away?

No.

Yeah, you had your back turn.

You must be going to get the room ready to cage room.

Yeah, that sounds good to you, huh?

Yeah, I can't wait.

I'm going to be...

Spend a whole year inside that cage.

Finally feel loved and be just like a real boy.

I say.

Is it gone?

Oh, shit.

So, trick.

Give me the old cloud.

Oh, my God.

Sound the old cloud.

Scott, did you try to pull fast one on me?

I didn't pull anything.

I was...

He's gone by no.

No.

No, it's not.

Oh, I...

You were literally gone for 60 seconds.

That's not enough time to get rid of anyone.

I just thought he would have killed you and got bored and wandered off.

I hope you were willing to sacrifice me.

Not willing to sacrifice you, but willing to turn a blind eye.

Should you be sacrificed?

You're not listening to me in this night forval.

No, I can't hear sometimes.

Okay.

I hope this is one of those times.

That's my one good ear.

Seems like even with what ear you'd be able to hear.

Never mind.

Got it.

So, no, I didn't pull a fast one on you.

I was looking in the same direction as you and this guy just like totally turned around and he tried to get out of here.

This guy is a Lord of Troyloid, by the way.

Look, I'm not gonna lie.

I understand.

Oh.

Do you?

Yeah.

Is that what adults usually do?

It's just my favorite and I really wanted to live with you, but you know, I got a lot of big itch and stuff.

For though it means my most certain death.

Will you please let me adopt you?

Oh, I know it.

Oh my gosh.

This is the greatest day of my life.

Please become my murderous son.

I'm gonna reward.

Oh, Ward.

Let's say how it goes.

Ward first.

He's speaking.

Like a Robin type.

Yeah, we'll solve some crimes.

Yeah.

If he'll anti justice.

I got a sweet little outfit on too.

So.

Wait.

Now that I see it, yes.

It is rather reminiscent of your rags and tattoos.

I just assumed were clothes that were wearing off of you are actually very carefully constructed in Robin costume.

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

This is amazing.

I've always wanted to visit your place and you've never invited me.

Well, no.

Surely you didn't expect an invitation.

Oh, I'm, you're on this program so many times.

Yes.

How many times have I been invited?

Oh boy.

One.

Yes.

And this is that time.

And now I would like to be invited to your place.

Well, why don't you try bursting into my home a few times.

Yeah.

And then you see how it goes.

It seems to lead to invitations.

All right.

Well.

Well, I burst in and see what happens.

Oh, I like this.

So it seems like you have some sort of like little attack dog here at the ready now.

You're going to keep in a cage and you're going to have to protect your house.

Please don't talk that way about my ward.

Who's also my Vee-Hilante justice partner.

I mean, I, I thought you and I were cool on this.

I'm terrified of him.

I'm trying to appease him.

Why did you say that you were going to adopt him?

I tried to appease him.

Are you going to try to ditch him?

No, I'm going to try to keep the earliest convenience that you understand.

You're not actually going to adopt him.

My God.

No, why would I?

He's stabbing you.

Well, how do we get rid of this guy?

I don't know.

I think the only thing to do is to try to out reach him to one of these knives and kill him.

All right.

The knives are back on the table.

Yeah.

I think the mistake that we made the last time was that we announced that we were going to all reach for us.

Yes.

We jump on him.

Yes.

We should reach for these knives before he does.

So that way we have at least like a half second before he.

I say, should we have a code word?

Yeah.

What should the code would be?

Knife crab.

Okay.

So if either of us has knife crab, then we're both going to reach for the.

Now to grab knife.

Oh.

This has to be crystal clear.

Okay.

Knife crab.

How can we remember that?

You remember the knife mnemonic.

You were.

Yes.

Let us know that when we grab the knife, we want to say knife.

I have grabbed the signal.

I have grabbed the knife.

To grab the knives when we hear the term knife.

Okay.

Stands for kid.

Yes.

He's a kid.

Yes.

And stands for naughty.

He's a naughty kid.

Yes he is.

Okay.

I stand for I.

I'm going to grab a knife.

Yes.

I am the person.

F stands for friend.

He's not our friend friend.

Okay.

And E stands for education, which is every child should have an education.

Yes.

That would be really easy.

Also.

That's true.

Okay.

So that's that.

Yes.

Go ahead.

I did knife.

You can do.

Of course.

That's what happened.

G stands for get zooks.

I'm terrified that this is a child who's going to stand me with an knife.

Okay.

I bust the knife away from his control.

And therefore gated the other hand.

Okay.

Fantastic.

Remember that.

All.

Sounds well.

Really.

Don't you think inside you could have the knife?

Okay.

We're up.

That's what.

Yes.

Here we are.

A shame it would be where this little boy to grab that I first.

Okay.

And stab us.

He's okay.

And then of course that leads us to the last letter B.

B.

Boy.

Okay.

So we have it for kid.

Let's review.

Kid.

And naughty.

He's naughty.

Kid.

I want to grab this knife.

Yes.

F.

Friend.

He's not a friend.

Not a friend.

I do all meaning.

Okay.

G.

This little boy is going to stab me.

I have to grab this knife before he does and stabs me.

Knife grab.

Oh.

He was listening.

He has one good ears.

Oh.

I am stabbed.

I am slain.

Oh.

I am slain on your lack of a house.

In your love.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.

The Wolf Dead.
