---
layout: page
title: 152. Ed Helms,Seth Morris [12233⧸21036].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

We all remember Hannibal from the A-Team loved it when a plan came together, but what do you do when your plan doesn't?

Well, we'll find out today in the first of two episodes I 'll be releasing this week.

This one has movie and TV star Ed Helms and fan favorite Seth Morris.

All of that and more all on today's ♪♪♪ Hey everyone, welcome to the show.

My name is Scott Ockerman, your host, and it's a wonderful Saturday here at Earwolf.

And so this week, for the second week in a row, my scheduled guest dropped out last minute.

And that happens, you know, it happens every once in a while here on the show.

You got to roll with the punches.

But it got me thinking, what do you do when a show just doesn't go the way that you thought it would?

You know, you come in with a plan and what you thought was going to happen just all goes out the window.

Well, usually you just end up releasing the show because, you know, podcasts are made to be slightly ephemeral.

They are just kind of a recording of whatever happened that week.

You put it out and go, hey, this is what we got this week, you know?

Like, take it or leave it.

Usually you take it, so I appreciate that.

We don't plan the shows out very much.

We, you know, most of the time just come in and say one sentence to each other like, hey, this is what I thought I would do.

And then we end up doing it.

And I like it that way because that way it can go off in kind of interesting directions that you would never have thought about before.

But occasionally you record a show and it's not exactly what you want it to be.

Circumstances ranging from scheduling conflicts or mis communications or personality conflicts.

They can all affect what happens during the show.

And because my show isn't strictly an interview show, it's a comedy show.

If you're listening for the first time, what it is is a comedy show in the interview show format.

When it doesn't go exactly right, you have to make adjustments.

Usually we make them on the fly in the room and the show comes out the way it comes out.

Well, this week I'll be releasing two such episodes with a little bit of an explanation at the top to tell you what happened during them to make them atypical .

So this first one you're going to hear on paper sounds like comedy gold.

Okay.

Ed Helms, star of the Hangover series and TVs, the office in American workplace.

He dropped by the show for the very first time.

I was really excited to have him. I've known Ed a while, but he's never been on the show, partly because he's so busy starring in two, three movies a year, as well as 22 episodes of his TV show. So this one was a really difficult one to schedule. I 've been trying to have him on for a couple years now. Meanwhile, Ed's good friend Seth Morris, you know him from the show probably best as Bob Dooka and from his own podcast, Affirmation Nation.

He was willing to do the show with Ed. Now they've worked together for many years.

They've done a lot of shows together. They've done Seth and Ed's puppet show.

They have a great comedic relationship. So I thought that was a great pairing.

So I finally got a time that they were both free and we're good to go, right? Well, Ed was going to be the main celebrity guest. Seth was going to do one of his characters.

Well, we talk about it in this episode, but sometimes the best laid schemes of my men go awry. Seth and I got to the studio and we're all set to do the show and we wait around for about 20 minutes, no sign of Ed. We call him and what happened was he had gotten the wrong time in his calendar. So he thought the show was an hour later, but he was going to hurry right over.

Usually no problem, right? We'll just wait around for Ed.

Except Seth had agreed to do that show on his lunch break from working at Funny or Die and only had an hour and a half free. So at this point, he has an hour and 10 minutes before he has to go. So by the time Ed got here, we'd have about 45 minutes if we started then. So it was just kind of too short of a show, I think.

So what we decided to do was have Seth be the main guest, something he had never done on the show before, and hope that Ed would be okay with playing a character once he got back here.

We'd spoken to him a while back about doing a character on the show. He's got a ton of great characters, so we thought it would probably be okay, but we just kind of took a guess.

And it wasn't what we planned, but we just kind of launched right into it. And Seth and I did the first segment, which I think came out really great. It's an opportunity that I might not have taken on the show to have Seth be the main guest, but I think it 'll be a real treat for the listeners.

We get to know him a little bit better, we get to hear about his background.

So I think that part of the show is really awesome. Now, when Ed got there, he was a little thrown. We talked to him during the break, he got there during the break. He wasn't expecting to do a character, so he's a little off-balance. Now, to his credit, he jumped right in and just tried something. So I think it's a really funny episode. I think you're really going to enjoy it, and I think Ed does a great job with this character. But I felt it was a little unfair to Ed to release this episode without some sort of disclaimer at the top. I didn't want to release it and just be like, this is exactly what Ed Helms wanted to do. And this is him coming in here with a well developed idea that he's 100% committed to. You can kind of hear us trying to figure it out a little bit as we're doing it. And it definitely warms up midway through. But to pretend like Ed wasn't a little just thrown or discombobulated by the situation would be disingenuous, I think.

So I think you're really going to enjoy it though. It ends up being funny, but I wanted to give you that peek behind the curtain just so to be fair to Ed so that it's not like the Bobby Moynihan episode a couple weeks ago where Bobby came in with a pretty good idea of what he wanted to do and knows the show and was really strong with it. This one's a little bit different, and you can hear us trying to figure it out a little bit as we do it. So enjoy this very special episode of Comedy Bang Bang, and we will be back Thursday with another atyp ical episode that I'll explain then with Will Forte and Leo Allen. So let's go to the show! Please wait while I shit in the mouth of awesome.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Oh great catchphrase. Thank you so much Mike Creed for that. Please wait while I shit in the mouth of awesome. If you have a catch phrase submission, send that over to your wolf.com. Hey, welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang, a very special edition of Comedy Bang Bang, and I'm going to tell you why in a second. But first I want to welcome you to the show. My name, of course, is the world famous Scott about, and we are here a lovely gorgeous Los Angeles afternoon. I tell you, have you ever seen the like person that I will introduce soon?

You're getting a sense of his personality from the sassy way he said.

Don't ham any bars because I won't hold them. Or no holds.

Because you won't bar them. Yeah.

Reverse that. Yeah. By now you are salivating wondering who interjected with that incredible. You are slobbering into your cubicle right now.

You filthy pieces of garbage. You fucking cow in a stable while we're here to entertain.

Artist. Yeah. It's the Anglo Brett Gellman. You fucking squ irt.

No, it's not Brett Gellman. One of my is it safe to say one of my closest friends?

It's not true, but it's safe. I mean, nobody's going to get hurt.

You know him. He's one of our regulars on the show. Okay.

This is your first time ever appearing as yourself on the show. I don't think I'm revealing too much to say that sometimes we have people playing characters on the show. Yeah. Okay. Right. And you have played some of these characters.

I've done that. On the show. You have played the bakery for dogs person.

Ozypatankin. You played Hank Williams III. Yes. No. Hank.

Junior. Junior. Sorry. My apologies. And you also most famously, and you've spun this off into your own podcast. In my own industry. You play Bob Dooka on the show. Yeah. Yep.

Which for those of you who are just kind of getting to know the show right now, Bob Dooka is a ostensibly my ex-stepfather. Right. I think when we... This is a real behind the curtains.

Behind the Iron Curtain. Yeah. Irony Curtain. I probably will go into SanDuka. It's hard not to.

It's hard to... It's kind of not a bad title for a sketch show behind the Irony Curtain. Yeah.

Wow. Yeah. Somebody's got to have that, right? Yeah, probably. Well, someone Google that. By the way, the show is sponsored by Google. Google.com. If you ever have any kind of information that you need to look up. That's not true, is it? Yeah. It's true. No.

Yeah. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, it's not a lot. It's like 75 grand or something like that.

But it's not bad.

So if you ever... I'm sorry. I was in the middle of that.

If you ever have any kind of information you need to look up or say you're trying to track down someone that you used to know and you kind of want to do like a search. And basically, if you need a search engine for any kind of search engine purpose, I think that you should go over to google.com and use that as your... I want to write...

What is it called again? It's called Google. Google. Yeah.

Yeah. I believe just the two...

Two or two hours. Yeah. But go over there to google.com.

As far as I know, you can look up anything. I don't think any words are off- What if I wanted to know if dogs could get pregnant from humans?

I think for a search like that, you'd probably go dogs plus preggers plus homo sapien, probably.

And then just first of all, you got to go to google.com.

You enter that into your browser and then you dogs plus make sure you put the plus. Right. Preggers plus homo sapiens. And then I don't know something will come up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like I'm sure like the great thing about the internet now is there's so much of it out there. They're adding more of the internet all the time.

It seems like it doesn't it? Yeah. I know that that's not actually true. Like it actually is...

The internet is finite. I want to start using the phrase Wi -Fi hotspot. Like just like like go up to random people. Is this a Wi-Fi hotspot? Is this a hotspot? Like it sounds like the kind of term that a parent would learn and they'd go no I get it. I know how technology works.

Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Like if your dad's like yeah reggae music or so you know they...

Wait, is that a term that parents... Well I didn't do a good example.

Rigggae music. Yeah. Yeah. Like you're thinking more of like dubstep. Yeah. Or my dad would say it will say killer sometimes. I just think that he's gets it. I'd love to hear all about your dad on another show. Okay. But go... But back. I mean seriously back to that google.com you can look up anything. Okay. I mean that's what you use right? You don't use Bing or... No. No I'm not an idiot.

I use google. I mean is it they own everything. What do you mean? Google owns the world. They're gonna... They own information don't they? I don't know about that. I mean I thought thought was powered by Google. Come on man. You're... You know I know you're joking around right now. But your hands down.

You're really weird. You dial it down. The body language.

Seth I gotta ask you this.

Okay. I thought of a question. How did you describe this?

Because a lot of people don't know Bob Dooka came along in one of our very early shows. And it was a character you did before that. You certainly didn't create him for the show. You've been doing him for a while. You know what's interesting about your comedy to me is... That it's not funny. Yeah. I 'm bold enough to not be funny.

Look we get a lot of people coming in and doing characters.

And what I love about what you do is that you are so incredibly specific with your research about what these people would be into.

And you know I mean if you don't follow Bob Dooka on Twitter by the way check that out because you're not only are you saying really interesting things the Bob Dooka would say but then you're going out and retweeting things from these pitiful human beings. Yeah. Yeah. Do you follow all of these people? I do. I do. You can do a search you know like Twitter search of like new age. Would you do that through Google or do you have to go to Twitter for a first? I think I googled it actually. I think I googled Twitter new age. That's just one example of what you can do. Yeah. Great. That's great. Yeah. And my favorite on there that Bob Dooka follows is this woman named... I think her name is Twinkle Toes. And she is and it's called... It's Twinkle To es and then like her sub name is Mati's heart. Like Matri's heart like an Indian name. She's not Indian. She's an Anglo lady.

But she's really into pugs. She rescues pugs and... I was just not all bad then. No. And she lives in a hobbit house. You had a picture of her. She's like if you want to have your house look like a hobbit house. She has a little cottage with a round door and my favorite thing is she goes...

She had a tweet that said, um, ah blissful today. Just had raky therapy on my ankle and wrists. Two snoring pugs on my lap. Mug of Cambucha on my side. Bliss. And then the next day she goes something's wrong with my foot. Something's wrong with my foot. Oh no. It was raindrop therapy that she had done. She goes right. Something's wrong with my foot. Swelling. Swelling. Ice on. Storing pug. How did you become interested in these types of people ? Are you sort of that type of person?

I'm a little bit that type of person. I'm from Marin County which is a very crunchy, very um, so so I've always I always love to have that stuff on deck.

Like I used to work at a hot tub place for a while. Shibuu Gardens. Is she selling them or? No. It was a place where people would come and use the hot tub. Oh okay. Say that's fair to you or not in retail you were in. No. I was like a host.

And um, there'd be things like a woman comes in and um, then my my co-worker says oh that's whatever her name is Sheri. She's a white witch and she's gonna be doing a reburthing ceremony in there today. And so she does a reburthing ceremony with this sad pudgy lady and then they're like ah I need a mocha. Yeah me too. I mean you know right to self. But the other genesis behind Bob Dooka is Rob Hubel and I. Fans of your show will know about Hubel. Uh oh no but so Hubel and I would always do these play these guys being like oh Bernard your friendship has meant so much to me since my divorce and we were just these sad dudes that went back and forth. So Bob Dooka is kind of like that half of that pairing and then. So when did you decide to combine them? When were you like oh wow you know this sad guy would probably be into. Um well oh because when I worked I also at the same time as I worked at Shibuu Gardens I worked at a coffee shop near there and one of the anybody who's been in a coffee shop or knows has worked in one knows that the main clientele are divorced middle-aged men. Guys that like have a lot of times on their time on their hands and just like will bombard the people behind the counter because they are captives and they have to be there.

They have to be talked to them. Yeah. Um well that's what I guess that's what I'm saying of what I enjoy about your comedy is you it all is very specific and it's all very much from real what you are observing and it's not it's not like you like sitting in a room going what would be a crazy guy? No. It's like you've seen a lot of people like this and that really comes through in your in your references. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. We'll be right back. Okay.

But Bob for those for the people who don't know Bob you have your own podcast it's called Affirmation Nation with Bob Dooka and it's a short show it 's like two minutes. Like two to three minutes and three days a week and it's it's kind of a parody of these real podcasts out there.

They're kind of like a thought for the day or a kind of a kind of like a one to grow on type of idea of this you know. Can you remember one of these thoughts to give people kind of a little share of. Oh sure. He would he would say something like um um um you know while waiting for the bus today I was thinking about the concept of time. Time can be cruel to many of us just some of us it can be kind but above all time waits for no man.

It reminds me of the time that I almost died as a baby. Do you know what I mean like you?

That was just made up. Oh my gosh. You got that's off the dome.

Where do you get my inspiration? I don't know. I would say what we're going to say.

Where do you get your ideas? Google. Oh yeah. That wasn't a force plug. I mean.

No I mean that's that's the great thing about Google is plugs like that just happen naturally.

Yeah. And that's why it's so easy to have them as a sponsor . Mm-hmm.

Is because you can fit it in almost any conversation. Yeah.

And you can just go oh well that I mean you know it came up really naturally with us. You can just go oh but yeah by the way we're sponsored by Google and it just really what I love about it is the ease into which it can just slip into the show you know what I mean. Right. You don't have to point to it all that much.

Yeah. You don't have to really necessarily say like broadcast it from the right of your senses. Say Google right now though. Come on. Come on. But you know what I mean it's just like easy breezy. We mention it. We're out. Mm-hmm. You know what I mean. It's really easy. That's why and honestly you know that's why I love having them as a sponsor. It's really it's really been amazing working with them. Okay. You're being weird now.

What do you mean? What do you mean?

How much you're bringing you up? Like I feel like they've got something on you like maybe they're not just giving you money they're saying we won't hurt you or something. What would what would a company that records information like how could they have anything on me? What do you what are you talking about? They've created another Scott Ocherman. What ? With your information. Here's listen to this.

Okay. I will. But mainly because I'm excited about it. Yeah . I don't know if I should say it because it's an idea for a movie that I think could be huge. Well we can always cut it out. But if it's it so you have a Google what if there's an evil Google thing that could just you know Google can take your info and and and say oh he likes baseball let's uh we'll put up an ad for baseball or how to buy a baseball something like that. Would you like to buy information together? Yeah.

It can piece information together and and and cater it to you. What if there's a like a malevolent virus that could figure people out and and terr ify them, terrorize them, make them go slowly crazy with fake ads fake. No that's not what I was thinking. Like SNL style fake ads.

The maddening power of parody. Turn people. All right maybe it doesn't sound so great now.

What do you mean like like maybe there's something of your computers coming to life and the net like actually slowly like let's say it could make you think it could make your wife think that you're cheating because it could send. Yeah I mean this is a fantastic. This is more of the internet the internet is against you kind of idea. Yes. Like the internet in a concentrated way. Yes.

Just just through ads. It's kind of like Google I but more specific.

Did you like eagle eye but wish it was about the ads pop up ads that you say. Yes. Yes.

I did like eagle. I love conspiracy theory type movies like big brothers in charge big those those weird. Is that a movie big brothers in charge big brothers in charge. No that's not the fat boys. That's the fat boys. Big brothers in charge.

There's a sequel to disorderly.

All right big brothers in charge. You made those guys the administrators.

Shut up boo. Do you guys like our black voices. Yeah. Black boys. Black.

No come on those were not black voices those are us im itating them. Yeah the fat boys. Yeah.

If you go listen to any fat boys album you'll see those were like spot on. Yeah. Fat boys impressions.

Totally. You do other impressions right. Oh sure. Yeah I do have you deep. Hey man what's going on.

What else do you want to tell me. No tell you what why don 't we take a break.

When we come back I'll be talking to Seth Morris this entire show.

We'll. Sorry. No but I really do want to get into kind of your actors pain after in the next.

Okay I've got some good proctor stories. I would love to just hear about the pain that caused you to be an artist if that's okay. Oh okay sure. We should just try to concentrate on.

Want to marinate. I want to marinate. Yeah. On your talent.

All right so let's take a break when we come back we'll have more comedy bang bang.

What do tigers remember when they take a little tiger snoo ze. Do they dream of mauling zebras or how they're every in her cat woman suit. Don't you worry pretty stripe it head we're gonna get you back to Tyson and your cozy tiger bed and then we're gonna find our best friend Doug and then we're gonna give him our best friend Doug Doug Doug Doug and Doug Doug Doug.

But if he's been murdered by crystal master speakers.

Well then we're shit at a lucky comedy bang bang we are back and we're with Seth Morris who you know better as Bob Dooka sometimes with his own show and you know I really wanted to get into before we get into an actress pain which I know we we promise to get to we'll we definitely will get there before the end of the show. I I do want to talk to you because one of the great things about doing a podcast is we're in the moment right now we 're just like hey something happens we can put out a podcast. You know what I mean we see something on new on the news. Go put out a podcast I saw something on the news. Instant yes. You know what I mean so that's and that's what's great about we're in the moment it's a very tumultuous time you know what I mean. Politics in the world yes news is happening you know what I mean. I think I know what you're getting at this is weird but would you mind if I brought a friend in? I'm with I'm hanging with my buddy Dale today.

He's old old friends his his grandmother and my nana are best friends so we've known each other forever. Wait his grandmother and your what? Nana. Who's that? My grandmother that's what I call my grandmother. Oh I know okay but he's got I mean I'm not super opinionated I don't follow politics but this guy is he's got a lot of points of view. He's got more of a point of view because I that's what I really that's a segment I really want to get to. I know yeah it sounds like you want something kind of meaty somebody who's got some feelings on things and I'm sort of like neutral like I just sort of make fun of everything I don't take anything seriously.

Right. No a lot of comedians are like that I know exactly.

I was talking about my process.

Oh but I will get there. I just like to get there loose. No I know how loose you can.

Kind of al dente. Well what I'm trying to say is we're going to get there a little later so instead of talking about your process maybe yeah let's.

Could we bring Dale in? Yeah let's bring Dale in. Okay. Yeah let me make sure he's not he might be eating erasers. Hold on.

Eating a read. Dale Dale. All right hey you want to come in ? Yeah. Come in here. Cool.

Oh wow. Where is it? Yeah sit here. Hey how's it going? Hey Dale how's it going?

It's got a show. Hey guys. Go on. Hey you mean you man.

Yeah it's very nice to me.

You cool microphones and stuff. Do I put these on? Yeah don 't touch too much stuff though.

No you guys have put them on your ears. I was eating your you guys have great candy outside and bottled water. Those are erasers. Bottled water man you know. Too much plastic out there.

Of course I was driving over here. I was caught behind a Tesla. You seen those electric cars?

Oh yeah yeah. Those the new brand of electric. Yeah yeah yeah. Sure. Yeah we need to see a lot more of those. A lot more electric cars. Of course Tesla. I don 't know. Those guys are jerks driving around sports cars. It's like you're buying a lot of ego. I don't know. I've heard that they're less expensive than a lot of sports cars and then of course they have zero emissions.

Yeah well it's face. I mean you're driving a Tesla around your probably a douche bag.

Actually like a rich jerk. I read an article that a lot of actual mid sort of middle class housewives have been buying them recently because of the roominess in the back. Yeah. They can carry groceries a lot easier. Oh okay. Okay. You guys been watching the debates? Yeah. I mean wow. I have to say Dale that you you you you you're not really that fun to argue with so far. What do you mean? I mean I hate to interrupt your point but I just like I expected more of like kind of a healthy debate about this kind of. No that's okay. Go ahead with your what are you talking about the debates?

What do you think about Ron Paul?

Oh man. Libertarian you know real like I think he's got some out there views on foreign policy not gonna lie to you. I think he's a smart guy. I like his libertarian bent but I mean this he's got a little bit of an isolationist kind of attack which I think is very dangerous for this country.

We have to be engaged and involved in the world at large.

But I think I think Ron Paul would argue that that the United States is we're suffering our own economic crisis right now. We need all the resources that we can to keep in this country and that it might be actually more beneficial for us to kind of pull back our impact on the world. Oh is that his thing? Okay. All right.

Then again I think he's kind of an isolationist you know what I mean? Like I actually agree more with what Dale was saying first of all. I mean I thought you were really onto something there.

You know I'm not I think his views are a little too out there. You know I'm not sure I agree with him. Yeah really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're right.

Yeah. I didn't know I didn't know that but I agree with that now. Yeah. That's probably Dale what's on your mouth? What is that?

Yeah what's going on there? This is really weird looking.

Was that mustard? Yeah. Yeah.

Why do you have mustard? All over your mouth. You guys had some Twix candy bars out there.

I haven't put my head some mustard packets in my pocket and put them on the Twix's.

You don't have to put mustard on everything. It looks like a hot dog I put mustard on it.

You know man that doesn't make any sense. Why? What are you talking about?

So like so a popsicle you would put mustard on a popsicle?

Yeah it looks like a hot dog.

I can think of other things that look like hot dogs. Are you just going around?

Well you don't think I should put mustard on things that'll play with hot dogs?

Well first of all if you're- I don't. Okay. But if you're eating them I guess it's okay but if you're just going around putting mustard on anything that looks like a hot dog even if you have no intention of eating it. I mean that's a little weird. Do you know how many pencils of mine you've ruined? Well I don't put mustard on everything looks like a hot dog. It has to be a food product.

Okay. Do you put mustard on hot dogs?

You know I hadn't thought about that. I think I'll- I do sometimes. You're more of a catch up guy?

Depends on if it's a foot long or not. If it's foot long no mustard. What does it- Because it's too much mustard. So the- But if it's a regular sized hot dog and it gets a normal amount of mustard yeah then I'm going to do it. Can I suggest to that if you got a foot long you don't have to eat the whole thing all at once? Yeah you do.

Yeah why not I mean that's the thing that people who eat foot long hot dogs I just don't understand about them. Eat six inches.

You know? Then save the rest for dinner. Yeah. Oh. No it makes a lot of sense. No you gotta eat the whole hot dog. No. Otherwise why- I mean if you're going to get a foot long hot dog you gotta eat the whole hot dog. No no no I disagree Dale. I think that people out there are eating too many too too long of hot dogs and I think people should keep it to six inches. Okay. You hadn't thought about that maybe that's a better way to go. But no one wants just like a mouthful of mustard. I think that's one thing we can all agree on you know like too much mustard per day.

Yeah. You know what I mean. And I for one I'm glad that they don't make the twixes that long.

Right. You know? How long would you say a twix is? You know it's normal candy bar length.

No I think it's a standard. I think it's a little shorter than most candy bars. That's slightly shorter from what I know. Okay. Hey Dale how's your hermit crabs?

Dale has hermit crabs. He's really- As pets? Well juniper is like- Juniper died. Oh I'm sorry. Thank you. She looked- Well she hasn't come out of her shell in like a month. I'm not sure when she died.

But hermit crabs don't live that long in captivity do they?

Oh they can yeah. Yeah. I've had Richard for 16 years. Oh wow. Yeah I'd always heard that it was kind of cruel to keep a hermit crab in captivity because they kind of wither away and die.

Oh is that right? I bet- Okay I'm going to stop doing that.

Yeah are you going to let Richard go? Yeah well I didn't know that it was dangerous.

Oh okay. I had him for 16 years. I didn't know he was killing him the whole time.

Then again at this point he's probably acclimated to the environment and it may be even more unsafe to let him go. Oh good point. I should keep them. Okay.

Definitely going to keep them.

Okay. Huh. Interesting. Yeah. Tell me Dale what are- you've known Seth here for a long time.

Yeah pretty much our whole lives. Our grandmothers are best friends.

What do your grandmothers like? They're the best. Well you know there are grandmothers. You love them no matter what. I mean no matter what what does that mean? Yeah well that's- that's grandma. There's a virulent racist. But you know some grandmothers are like making doll houses or apple head dolls or knitting pies. No I can't- Yeah my grandmother's hobby is she's a Holocaust-denier.

That's a hobby. Yeah.

Yeah. Just something to do in her- you know because she's a she's retired obviously.

It must be a lot easier now that the internet is around.

You know there's probably a lot more- She won't use the internet. Well the Holocaust um- I was just I just had tea with her this morning. I was just as sure as anybody at the Holocaust was real but I had breakfast with- says grandmother this morning. Grandma Nanna. Oh. And she said it didn't happen so what are you supposed to think? So describe your friendship like where- You know how a lot of friends kind of complete each other or they have common interests? I would describe it as you know like in um- of Myson Men? Sure.

Famous book. Famous book. Also a movie.

Sure uh-huh. A play. Famous quote. A lot of ad-apt- famous quote. Best laid plans of Myson.

Oh which is where the- Yeah sure. Yeah. Um let's speak clear. It's sort of like that dynamic where he is somebody that I feel um responsible for. Somebody I kind of want to protect from himself. Um- Wait a minute. Somebody that I uh- Wait um- but who makes me feel good? That doesn't sit well.

No I mean it is a compliment. That doesn't sit well at all.

Am I- are you saying I'm your Lenny?

In this scenario you would be my Lenny. I appreciate that one bet no sir. A lot of times though friends switch roles and sometimes you'll be a Lenny . Sure. Sometimes you'll be a Lenny.

I guess. Yeah no. Yeah that's a good point. Yeah. I hadn't thought about that way. Yeah.

Yeah so so you're like My Lenny.

A lot of times I'm getting out of trouble. I don't think so . I mean I think most of the time you're Lenny. You did- you did- uh tell me how close I was to the curb that one time. Well I also- I appreciate that. I killed her macrabs. That makes me uh probably a kind of a herm- you know.

Kind of a Lenny. Lenny killed Bonnie's. I killed her macr abs. Wait a minute.

Cross over. I mean you actually- you actually physically killed her with no elect. Uh well Juniper probably died uh of neglect because I didn't- I- I- now that I think about it I didn't get Juniper um her favorite kind of uh croutons and that's why I feed them and so it was probably that that killed her. She just starved herself to death. Anyway long story point is um- wait what is the point? We do have a common love of literature. Oh okay good.

And this is what I was doing too. That is the foundation for our friend Jeff. This is what I wanted to find out because a lot of times on this show I like to- you know if you hear what a person likes then you know what they're like. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I would love- so we- we have kind of uh uh book corner segment of the show where we kind of figure out what kind of literature that people- so I would love to hear just your interests. Oh okay well he's uh he got me uh hooked on the Encyclopedia Brown series. Mmm good series . Uh huh. Was this back when you were children? He- I read it when I was a kid but he got me hooked on it recently. I think he- he- Um I just think it's like the smartest stuff out there you know this guy uh he's like you know dealing with Bugs Meany and telling everybody what why Bugs Meany's a jerk and I'm- I'm the first one to tell you Bugs Meany. I'm reading it. I'm going he's a good guy and then Encyclopedia Brown every time he's like heads up. Guess what Bugs Meany's a jerk. M mm hmm. Um and he was a um they also want to point it out that the choice that the author made to- to give a character trait in the character's name Meany. Oh I hadn't really seen that before that's a lot like Harry Potter when you know the Slytherins they're like snakes. Mm hmm. Oh I get it. Me any. Yeah. Hog warts they all got Hogwarts on them. I don't know that that's necessarily true . That's uh oh is that not true?

No I- I know. I thought that's why they called it Hogwarts because everybody had Hogwarts on them.

No there's in fact I don't think you would ever see any kind of reference to- but they're all potters right? They all do ceramics and things. Throw pot ter? I know. Have you even read these books?

I'm not aware of books. I thought- I mean I've seen- he does literature. I've seen the trailers of the movie. Oh so that's how you know the phrase Hogwarts.

Yeah they're- they're- so when they said welcome to Hogwarts in the trailer you just assumed that- it was a- it's like welcome to the world of AIDS. Well I just assumed it was like a- like a sort of convalescent home for people with excessive Hogwarts on them. Oh man. Dale- Dale also got Israeli into all the Essie Hinton- Oh the outsiders? Yeah the outsiders. I'm fascinated by the outsiders because um they 're- they don't you know have air conditioning and they don't use the way you know he's like- he takes all literature very literally. Oh that's part of literature literally. Sure I guess. You know. Is that not um you know. I think the outsiders it's more of a metaphor of their place in life. Yeah uh yeah they're literally outside. Here's the thing. I prefer the novelization of movies.

Over movies, over novels that have been turned into movies.

I see why because- well because because they're you know what you're getting. It's like the reason that I go back- this is the reason that I like artichoke dip because I know what I'm getting. I dip a- Peter's- is that what that smell is? Yeah man it- I don't- where do you have it?

I don't even see you- I see a block bag in my pocket. Oh god. I thought- in your back pocket too. He just took out. Oh it did get on the seat a little bit. Yeah I- I burst. But that's why I like artichoke dip you know. It's you know what you're gonna get every time you dip a chip in it it's gonna taste the same. I mean it's right there in the title Artichoke dip. Exactly. But Dale is there really like a fear to you that in between from one chip to the next that the food is gonna taste differently? Sometimes yeah sure.

Sure. I guess if you- What if it's a seven layer? You got me. You know then you don't know what you're gonna get. Because you know they're seven but they haven't described them in the title.

Exactly. They should say what those seven layers are. Yeah.

Right there in the title of the dip.

Well that's why I like- that's why when I saw the movie Un identified Flying on Ball I went right out and bought the novelization because I knew what I was gonna get and I could enjoy the ringing experience. I'm not familiar- is that a Tim Conway movie? Unidentified Flying on Ball? In Disney movies circa 1989. Oh okay. I don't think Tim Conway's gonna know. Did you learn more about the characters in the novelization? Did it sort of let it stretch out and breathe a little more? No it's exactly like the movie. Really not saying no new information. Just just- It's a surprise. It happens. A hundred percent derivative of the actual movie. Does it even say stuff like Cut 2 Interior or Exterior Nevada Plains? No no no it's not a screenplay. Oh so you know what a screenplay is. Okay yeah I've known this guy. Dale what's what's going on with the women in your life? You seen any ladies? Yeah. Yeah. Do I have to sound so defensive? No I'm seeing um uh you remember Claire you know we met you met we went on um we had we had a brunch that time.

Are you talking about your your occupational therapist? No the one that helped you walk with but that's a special boot? No no Claire um and Claire I met uh you know she's the one that that put on your leg brace. She's the she's the prosthetics rep. What's happening with your your leg? Uh he just walks away. He's got a like a noodley calf.

I do I gotta get I got uh a gummy leg. I got a gummy muscle. I just got a gummy calf muscle. You know it's like um I think it's you know doctors doctors think it's a some sort of like new form of polio. I'm gonna tell you what it is. I ate too many gummy bears and there's some kind of chemical as a preservative in gummy bears. I am convinced 100 percent that that is the problem that's why I stopped. Well Dale but to be fair you were in a lot of go-kart accidents when you were a kid.

Yeah no that's true too. It was always tinkering out go-karts and always crashing them. This is such a strange combination the gummy bear did you put the mustard on the gummy bears as well or no no those don't look like hot dogs.

That looks like hot dogs. What about gummy worms? Yeah absolutely. It looks exactly like hot dogs.

I mean you know here's the thing I've had a colorful life.

I've been through a lot. I have a lot of strong opinions and people don't like them sometimes. Opin ions are based on experiences.

Exactly. The culmination of one's life helps one form those opinions. Exactly. I should also point out that uh Dale has a form of infotelism where he he just tests the world he interacts with it by putting it in his mouth like a toddler. See now I feel I feel like you're burying the lead at this point like that's where we could have started here. I mean well I'm not gonna what am I I'm burying the lead. I'm not gonna. Give me give me that phone . I'm sorry that's your phone. What do you mean you're not gonna you're selling your friend up by by talking about all this. But you said bury the lead like I'm not gonna lead off with hey this is my weird friend that my grandmother makes me be friends with. Oh is that true? I take exception to that.

I take exception to remember this. You call me you call me six times a day. Six times I can't shake you sometimes. I was on a date with Claire and you're just like and I was on a date with Claire and we were trying to get um we were just at the- You're trying to get that weird boot under your calf is what you're trying to do.

No no we were going we were watching uh we were playing snake on her phone on the part you know that came snake yeah on old phones. You had a grandpa the old phone we're playing snake and we're really hitting it off and um and you showed up and you're like come on it's time for uh it's time for brunch with nannas and I was like leave me alone that happens like five times a day.

That doesn't happen five times a day and they'll Claire Claire's married. She's a 57 year old woman.

She's married. Nothing makes a huge difference but she's she's African American. I don't know what what you guys would have in common necessarily. If it helps break the news to you she does have snake on her phone I heard so at least that part is true. Wow oh wait are you um so let me get this straight.

You're trying to tell me that Claire and I are not soul mates. Yes okay uh this okay uh I had not thought about that. I will take that under advis ement. Thank you. Oh sure good sure done.

I don't know you might be soul mates though we're just stuff is happening. Oh we are soul people are married to other people. Don't you're confusing him. Dale we are. Don't get off on that tangent. I'm just saying that Mary just break up all the time. I think I think that's true but Dale what about somebody your own age what about that um that that woman uh Denise that I saw that I saw you with at the park. Oh she's out of my league. Why? Yeah no I don't know. I don't think she is. I think you guys seem like you have a common interest you're similar in age. I think you should ask what was Denise like. No she wears like skirts and things.

You don't sure where. Really that's the cut off for you. She's not in all I mean she should really if she wears skirts she's really pretty.

I just think you guys because I saw you guys that one time you're both licking nine volt batteries.

Yeah well it tingles. I know you seem like you guys were really happy together.

Well you know we were. We were. We were good. We were good.

We have had some fun. We had some fun but that time we were talking about um you know the origin of uh you know whether or not Darth Vader uh had any right to tell Luke Skywalker uh that his return to. Yeah that that set things into a weird direction. Oh we said a disagreement about. We had a disagreement about that. We had a disagreement about families in general and whether or not um parents should ever tell their children who their parents really are. That's kind of true.

I'm not sure I'm understanding that one.

But but but you know a lot of times I've noticed that when you disagree with someone you you you generally kind of go over and see their point of view. I mean that that is one thing if I may compliment you you're very even tempered and you're not one to hold on to your side of an argument. No I have very strong opinions. I would not uh I don't think that that's a fair characterization at all. So how did this how did this argument go about Darth Vader? She said.

She said um that you know Luke had a right to know and I said no he didn't. Luke Skywalker would have been a lot better off if he'd never known that that Darth Vader was his father.

She said no you know it's a everyone has a right to know who who you know if their dad's an evil overlord and that's when I was like yeah you're probably right. But I presented her for a long time after that. By the way this this doesn't seem like it 's it actually seems like kind of you've been holding on to this because it's it seems to me like she probably appreciated the fact that you saw her side of the argument and maybe what she's one of those people that like if you um if you take a position on something and you agree with her then she comes back at you it turns into a it's like she switches her position. Oh wait did she then follow it up and say well maybe you have a point and yeah and then I was like you have a point and then she was it just I mean see Dale what you're not getting is that that you guys are seeing eye to eye you guys are actually being generous with each other and trying to see life through each other's eyes. I mean that's kind of a beautiful thing that's what relationships are based on that's not an argument. You guys are like heavily agreeing with each other. No I don't agree with anybody. That's not true Dale. Sometimes you and I agree about things. Oh we do okay. All right well Dale a lot of strong opinions I'm glad we did this segment we really got some I mean it's you know it's food for discussion.

Let's throw I'm going to throw out another another subject.

Should sex ed be taught in schools?

No I don't think they should teach sex ed in schools. I'll tell you why because it gets teenagers formicating too early and then they start having babies and then they start needing you know all kinds of medical attention and it's I think it 's a bad idea it's a very bad idea.

Can I tell you something? Yeah actually there there's no data that supports what you just said. In fact the data suggests that teaching kids sex ed lowers teen pregnancy rates, lowers sexual transmitted diseases and it actually informs kids so that many of them will end up having sex later than they normally would have. Well they learn how can I tell you something? What? Then we should be out there educating kids about sex as soon as possible. Wait a minute I didn't see this.

I did not know that. I did not know. The way I don't think that you guys it shouldn't be up to your purview. There's people in schools who do that better.

I really would in fact Dale I would caution you not to wait Dale. Honestly don't put on your backpack right now.

I have all- You should not be going to schools. Why do you have all those rubbers?

They were initially I've been taking them from I've been stealing them from Planned Parenthood facilities because I don't think we should be teaching kids about them but now you just change my mind. I'm going to pass them out at schools. Wait a minute these are not Planned Parenthood rubbers. I'm just they're actually used condoms. Where are you getting these?

From where are you getting these? This one's full of juices .

This guy is nice enough to invite you in here. Please answer his question. Where are you getting these used rubbers? Dale I thought they were mustard packets.

Alright alright let's take a break when we come back. We're going to have more comedy bag. We'll sort this out. Don't worry we'll be right back.

We're going to have more comedy bag. We're going to have more comedy bag. We're going to have more comedy bag.

I got fucked in the ass. I grew up with a day. I remember that. And we're leaving here in the morning. We're back with Seth Morris and his buddy Dale who's a really interesting guy.

I really want to say go back to Denise. Give her a second shot. I think I think I've written her off. But I mean I'll do yeah sure. Don't give her any sex ed tips.

Don't show her any of the contents of your backpack.

I think your best to just leave it there. Let's leave it there. We just have one more segment here on the show. It's a little something we call would you rather.

Medieval trumpets.

All right it's time for would you rather we all know how this is played. People send me would you rather scenarios at our Twitter which is CBB WIR comedy bang bang would you rather.

And I will read them out loud. I will open the floor for questions. You are free to ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice. And then I will close the floor for questions you will vote. We'll tally up the points and assign a winner.

All right are you ready guys. Yes. What. Yes. All right here we go. Zach Cody writes to us.

Zach Hello Zach. He writes would you rather pee energy drinks or spend every Wednesday yelling pee energy drinks or spend every Wednesday yelling. I will open the floor for questions.

Well I would rather. Oh no don't vote yet. Don't tell you you ask me questions and and in order to narrow down your choice if you vote now you are disqualified.

Could I sell the energy drinks for consumption. Great question of course yes in fact depending on how much you pee you could get a nice little business going out of it. Now can you pick which energy drink it is that you urinate. Every morning you there's a little switch on your body that sort of like you know the switch is on a plastic doll of like off on auto and you can set it to whatever energy drink you would like to pee for the rest of the day but you have to pee it for 24 hours straight. Oh okay. So you can't just willy-n illy switch. Sure yeah yeah. Now the yelling on Wednesday is this is there any particular subject matter or is it just sort of like the you know being banshee screaming or. I think you have to stay away from anything personal you have to just be yelling at people. If that makes sense.

Just generally I know I know what I would do.

Oh we can we can't vote yet. Oh okay. Please ask ask more questions because you don't know you don't know. Well do you ask you this when you're screaming on Wed nesdays can you between screams have some you know honey lemon tea. Great question. So I'm concerned about my throat in that situation.

I think what it is is anytime you would normally talk you scream what you would normally say.

Oh okay. And so you can have honey lemon tea in between that. The other problem is you don't know you're screaming. Oh I didn't know that. I didn't know that you didn't know that. On Wednesdays basically your eardrums adjust and you think you're talking normally at a normal level and you're wondering why everyone's giving you strange looks. Oh wait no but would I not okay so if I chose that then I would then somehow choosing that also carries with it forgetting that you chose it and you're not aware on each Wednesday. You're not aware mainly because you're kind of an introvert and you don't you never ask anyone. Why are you looking at me like that and why are you plugging your ears. You know how that feels to be an introvert. Yeah sure. Well um I'm really I'm really ambivalent. I'd really like to um oh please don't vote. Oh I know I have a question. Does it hurt when you pee the energy drink?

Yes it's incredibly painful. It really it feels like someone just kind of like making tiny incisions along the shaft of your penis. And depending on the other problem is you're drinking the the energy drinks that you pee out sort of like a water world situation. Oh yeah. So wait wait wait.

Now the urethra of a penis is a mucous membrane. Okay so you could you are possibly absorbing some of this energy drink while you're peeing it out. It's the cycle that's the problem. Yeah the more you drink it the more you're gonna pee it out and the more you pee it out the more you're gonna drink it. And then in this scenario the voice is once a week the yelling is once a week the peeing is forever. The peeing is forever. The yelling is once a week but you uh peel the yelling is once a week but you pee hot tea with honey in that scenario. Oh yeah so not you pee hot tea with honey. So this changes things. You're able to drink on Wednesdays it actually comes in handy on Wednesdays. Okay yeah. Uh now the um so you when you pee the um sorry the energy drink.

Sure. Is that was that one day a week or that's just all the time and you never stop peeing.

That's a great question. It's a normal amount of pee. No no you never stop peeing. Oh that gets worse all the time. Yeah it's starting to be. So it's a continuous stream of pee which feels like someone's slicing incisions upon your penis. You're constantly drinking it and constantly peeing it. It's like a perpetual motion machine. Yeah. Uh and uh in the other scenario you pee a normal amount of times but you pee hot tea with honey which you were then able to.

On that day. No you pee it every single day. Oh but a normal amount of pee. Oh good. But on Wednes days it comes in handy because.

No brainer. This is a no brainer. Well you still don't have all the information yet.

They're any kind of weird question. I mean if you haven't asked those questions. Well okay you're right but I think there's a more efficient way to do this.

Um if you um really think about this. Do your friends well your friends stay your friends if you're yelling one day a week? Uh yes as a matter of fact you make more friends. Oh wait wait wait wait wait.

When you yell is it are you angry? No you yell with love a lot like my dad used to do. Yeah you uh it's that kind of like I'm yelling at you because I love you and because I want to protect you and not now do if you took um some kind of um pain killer or uh or an injection into your penis of some sort would you be able to numb the pain like if I put no vacane in my penis while peeing the energy drink would I be able to numb the pain? You are able to do that uh unfortunately you have to do it right in the urethra or you have to do it uh with a little tube right in the urethra. Oh this is easy now. Okay come on.

Well you haven't asked a lot of questions about the yelling every every day. Well because it doesn't sound that bad compared to a slicey dick and the energy. Well what about all the babies you murder? What?

Well see this is why you're not asking the questions here.

Oh wait a minute. Ask that. Okay so hold on hold on. Do if you choose um the energy drink. Sure. Does that also cause or just by some chain of events will it also precipitate a race war? Oh great.

Good see this. See Seth this is how you played a game. Oh it's my grandmother was here. Uh yeah of course it does um because ever you know everyone sees you they see your shining example and yeah it's just a crazy chain of events but at least you don't have to murder any babies. So you have to murder babies in order to yell?

In order to stay alive yes Seth this is what you're not asking me about. Oh no. You made a compact with with Satan himself hold and scratch and in order to stay alive and in order to keep yelling on Wednesdays you have to murder and fry a baby and fry?

Yes that's the most delicious way to eat it.

Oh oh eat it. Wait um this is terrible. Are they baby people? Oh no no. Oh oh. What are they baby um are they baby um dolphins or are they mammals? Okay we're in 20 questions all of a sudden yes they are mammals.

Okay um otters. Caught it in one. Caught it in one. Wow Dale that is that is really incredible good at that. So they're baby otters yeah you have a one per day you deep fry it. Deep fry and eat a baby otter and then pee hot tea honey. You hot tea. Yell on Wednesdays. One day a week. As opposed to the other you got a continual stream of pee going from your penis into your mouth. Now is that um with a some sort of tube or is it like a fountain effect?

Uh you mainly this is incapacitated you to the point where you're bedridden and so you're doing it up in the air and it's just the droplets are falling in. Oh this is disgusting. Now is that also is it mixed with actual urine or is it just pure energy drink? What would you like better? Well probably I mean I probably just from a you like to bridge my kidney standpoint you know like the amount like I probably want to be cleansing my blood and actually so I would hope that there 's some urinary content. You got it.

There's some urine in there. Yeah but you to be fair you like to cut your energy drink with urine anyway. Yeah yeah well it's uh because it's too um it's too sweet. Your dietary habits are fascinating to me. Yeah. Wow. You got to get into that on another show. Well I fried baby otter too.

I mean that's that's a why that's a I mean I that's a I think I know how you're going to vote but let's not get to it now. Is there any other questions anything else to help you narrow down your choice?

No I'm all right I'm closing the floor for questions. Seth you have a very strong stance on this.

Well like flip flop and you know to speak to your point I didn't have all the information but I'm going to go with um the energy drink pee. Really and why that? It's less harmful to other people.

Mmm it's more about my first do no harm. Yes so that's why.

Okay so you're you're okay with being bedridden with peeing into the air and the energy drink coming out of it mixed with urine lands in your own mouth and your penis feels like it's constantly being sliced. Yeah. Uh and ultimately there will be a race war so your whole point about not harming people. Oh you're right shoot.

But I'm sorry you already know yeah sorry you're gonna have to stick with that. Uh Dale I was all about the Wednesday screaming until you just laid it out like that and that sounds much more appealing.

Really? Yeah. Yeah okay so you want to do what I yeah oh now just hearing it I hear you say it like that. Yeah all of a sudden I'm like I'm in. I mean yeah count me in. Wow okay so I wish this wasn't a game. I wish we could really do this. I mean you never know . Mm-hmm. All right so you're both voted for energy drink and mine was his mistake his was an unperturbed. Let me tell you the points because you voted for the wrong reasons. Dale you are our winner today. Congratulations. Wow thank you.

And that's because he voted for the right reasons because he actually wanted it not because he mistakenly thought that it wouldn't do anyone any harm. Oh so have has that taught you a lesson?

Um I guess I should have learned how you play this game first and how you ask questions. Right.

All right well that is how we play would you rather.

Good game guys. Dale how do you know how to dance to these?

Um wow that is really incredible. I work part time at uh Renaissance Fair doing you know just repairing tapestries and stuff. Why do you only work part time? Oh because um that they take good care of the tapestries they don't need a lot of repair work. They pay them in turkey legs too.

Yeah I get I get fresh turkey legs and um I was one occasional mead.

Do turkey legs look like hot dogs? No no I look like turkey legs.

Thank god. Yeah all right guys well that is uh our our show other than the of course our last thing which is the uh what's up hot dog memorial plugs.

I've got the I've got the end of the show.

Your false, Scott O'Kriman, well, at least I've got some shows and things from which to choose You hear that Harris Whittles, whoa, whoa, up a dime, my maru-plums will tell me what to do But now, for now, hot sauce to man I'm gonna throw it right back to you for some plugs, yeah That is Julia Eve Hayes, hey, nice voice on you, friend of the show, Julia Eve Hayes, with the end of the show blues If you have a plugs theme, go ahead and go to earwolf.com and put it on the appropriate thread in our message board And Seth, what do you have to plug coming up? What's coming up for you?

They have the Bob Duke of podcasts, Monday, Wednesday and Friday Affirmation Nation, Affirmation Nation And I may have a Seth and Ed's puppet talk show in February , I'm not sure if the talk shows are on the TV.

That would be at UCB, but I'm not sure if it's at the time.

UCB LA.

So check the calendar for February if they may or may not be happening.

I want to plug the Comedy Bang Bang TV show coming up on I FC. We announced that this last week and the response to it, I really appreciate everyone's excitement for it and I'm very excited, we're about to shoot, starting to shoot soon.

So, yeah, coming out this summer maybe you might see a little bit of it before then but also check out t-shirts here at earwolf.com, Comedy Bang Bang T-shirts, you can get those in a couple of styles and Analyze Fish for coming out soon, I don't want to tell you when but it's coming out soon.

Dale, what do you have to plug here?

I'm having brunch with our NANAs next Sunday and then I'm going to be having a funeral service for Jun iper, my Herman Crab you know and...

This is weird but I don't know you that well but I mean would you mind if I came?

It would be a very, it would mean a lot, it would mean an awful lot.

In fact, I'd be heartbroken if you missed it.

Oh, well, it depends on what it is, I'm not sure exactly.

Great, I know you're in, I'll give you a part to read.

It's a whole extended reenactment of Juniper's life.

Whoa, it's going to be 72 hours long.

Oh god, am I playing Juniper at least?

No, no, no, no, no, no, you're playing me, I'm playing Jun iper.

Oh, wait, I'm still working on this script.

Wait, when you say you're working on it, you just gave me this script.

Yeah, this is really weird man.

Well, it's not in English because that's not because Herman Crabbs don't speak English.

Yeah, I know but the pictures you drew next to the, I mean, like this is what we have to do while we're reenacting this.

Yeah, I made shells out of cardboard boxes and we're going to be reenacting here.

She was a very Randy Herman Crab and yeah, so I appreciate if you put your heart and soul into it.

And I know Juniper would too, her memory will live on in your performance.

Thank you.

Thank you for being there.

Again, it really depends on when it is.

I may not be able to come.

Guys, thank you so much.

Thank you.

A really interesting show.

Dale, thanks for coming into the studio.

Oh yeah, thank you for the twixes and stuff and when I was sitting out there.

You're going to have to replace those.

Okay.

Yeah, thanks for hearing out my opinions on things.

All right, we will see you next week.

That's been Comedy Bang Bang.

Thanks, bye.

♪ In your nose ♪ This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio, boom.

Dot com.

The world's dead.

♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ .
