We are back today with a second very special episode that didn't quite go the way we planned it.

This one has Saturday Night Live star Will Forte and SNL writer and comedian in his own right Leo Allen.

They're good friends, they've worked together for a long time, we're gonna play a new game, an old game, all of that and more, all on today's...

♪♪♪ Hey everyone, this is Scott Ockermannhost of Comedy Bang Bang. Welcome back.

This is our second episode this week, an unusual treat for the listeners.

And what we're doing this week, I explained it a little bit in Monday's show, so go back and listen to that one if you like.

That one has Ed Helms and Seth Morris.

And what we're doing this week is we're releasing a couple of shows that didn't go the way we planned.

They're a little bit different, a little bit unique, and instead of just shelving them, a lot of people would be upset, I think, if I shelved them.

I decided just to release them, but with a little bit of me talking at the top to tell you exactly what happened and to explain exactly what's going on while you listen to it.

Will Forte, Saturday Night Live, Magruder, he's in a lot of movies.

I've respected his work for many years, but until I did the show, I'd actually never met him.

I think I'd been in the same room with him several times, but I'd never actually ever talk to him.

So, sometimes on the show when you've never met people before, and they have never heard the show before, they come in and they don't know quite what to expect.

I try to prep them a little bit, I try to tell them what the show is about, how it's not just an interview show, it's more of a comedy show that's in the structure of an interview show, but sometimes people don't read their emails.

I'm not saying that Will didn't, but people, I think because of the success of podcasts like WTF, which by the way, don't vote for that, vote for comedy bang bang, I think people tend to think that podcasts traditionally are just interview shows, where you show up and you talk about your career for an hour.

But mine, like I said, is more of a comedy show.

So, now the week I've been doing this, I think we taped this during the holidays during December, but we were going to pretend like it was January, I believe.

I was deep in the throes of working on the comedy bang bang TV show.

I've been working with Leo Allen, who you may know from Stand Up Comedy.

He's based in New York, does a lot of work out here.

He works on John Benjamin Hadd-A-Vant.

He is the executive producer of the CBB TV show, which is coming out this June.

So, I've been working with him for a while, getting to know him, great guy, and he's a good friend of Will Forte, and had been living with him while he was out here.

So, we were talking about Leo doing the show, and I suggested, hey, since you're living with Will, why don't you ask Will if he comes on the show as well?

So, Leo asks him, and Will says, yeah, great, we set up a day.

Now, we thought it would be great to have Will do a character, since he's such an amazing performer, and Will does great characters.

He does a really amazing one that you're going to see on the CBB TV show coming up.

But somehow, in the translation of Leo talking to him about what he was going to do on the show, somehow that idea was never communicated to him or was never remembered.

So, Will showed up expecting it to be like what he thought a podcast would be, which is he showed up ready for an interview.

So, I have Leo and Will, and I have kind of no plan for the show.

I had a new game I was going to try out, which you'll hear, which was met with.

I don't know how you'll like it, but...

So, what ended up being the show is a little atypical in the sense that it's...

And we talk about it on the show. It is an old-fashioned bro down.

There's no characters, there's no plan. We end up just kind of talking about stuff.

And, you know, the conversation actually gets serious at times, which we don't really...

And not just about careers, just about life.

You know, I mean, these guys are not afraid of getting real .

And it wasn't what we planned on doing, but I think that you'll find it fascinating, especially for the behind-the- scenes looks at SNL, a little personal insight into Will and Leo's lives.

I think it actually is a really entertaining, really interesting episode.

And that's not to say that we don't have some fun along the way.

We play the aforementioned game, play... would you rather?

We get some good jokes off.

But I didn't want to release the episode without acknowledging that, you know, it's a little different and it's not what we expected to do, but I think that you are really going to enjoy it.

So, enough blather. We're going to be back next week with a more regular show, but now, let's hear Will Forte and Leo Allen, and first, let's hear that theme song again.

♪♪♪ Like knife noises for your ear holes, it's comedy bang bang .

That's a good catchphrase. That's not bad.

Hey, that's a catchphrase was submitted by Isaac Kozil.

Thank you, Isaac. Welcome to comedy bang bang.

If you have a catchphrase submission, go on over to earwolf .com and we can read it on the air.

And you can be famous for one week.

Your reign ends the next episode though, so that's seven days, seven calendar days.

Okay, not even a work week. Five days, we give you seven calendar days.

Welcome to the show. I am, of course, the world famous Scott about it, the Comanche, and we are here.

It's 2012, and we're doing it upright because I have two guests who have never been on the show before.

Two, as they said when I went to the Rocky Horror Picture Show.

Two guys who have never been to this show before.

Right? That was the phrase they used. Right, guys?

Have you ever been to the Rocky Horror Picture Show?

Two people who have never been to the Rocky Horror Picture Show before.

They used to say before that, right? Something like that.

I've never been to either. Really? The show or the Rocky Horror Picture Show?

Hmm, I went when I was in high school.

Let's go to the show. Not to this show.

To the Rocky Horror Picture.

Wait, you came to my show when you were in high school? How old are you?

I went to Woodrow Wilson High right when they named it after him.

Well, let me explain who is talking.

The man who is just talking is in some sort of a purple windbreaker slash sweater.

He's got a plaid shirt underneath that.

He is kind of unshaven as we're still in the throes of winter.

And you know him from his work.

Okay, let's reel it out here.

Okay, I first came to know you in the duo of Slovin' and Allen.

Right. Okay, you've had a Comedy Central special, as I recall.

Yeah, we did that together. And I had one by myself.

You had one by yourself too? That's right.

You're Canadian aside from the duo act.

You are a writer on SNL.

You are a writer and cast member and producer of John Benjamin has a van.

That's right. Okay.

Am I missing anything pertinent?

No. No.

The rest of your life kind of a waste.

Yeah, largely silences.

And where you just go home and shut down.

Let's go down. Yeah, shut down.

Now that there's Netflix, you don't need to do anything else.

Oh, that's true.

But let me say your name. It's Leo Allen who's here.

First time on the show. Yeah.

Congratulations. I'm excited. Yeah, you're here.

You're in LA. Normally you're a New York person.

Normally I'm in New York.

Normally you're in a New York state of mind.

I am. I'm in a California state of mind.

Whoa.

Let's talk about this really briefly before I introduce you .

What are the differences would you say between New York City, I'm talking about the city, not the state, and California?

Right.

I think in New York City people walk like this.

Mm-hmm, man.

You can only see him.

LA people are more like... Oh, it's even funnier.

It's on the outside. It's more like loose.

I wish you could see the way he's walking right now.

Wow, he's gotten up. He's walking all around the room.

Now you're marching. What is happening here?

Almost to like a brass band. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down.

Sit down.

Also New York people are like, Argh, and L.A. people are like, Hey, man.

You know.

Aplie Putt. Aplie Putt. Leo Allen is here.

Welcome to the show. Thanks.

Also to his right, my immediate left, he's wearing another sort of plaid shirt.

Kind of a cowboy shirt. Kind of the stylish shirt that actually I'm surprised I'm not wearing one because I usually wear one. We could have been sort of the plaid triplets here.

It's basically the only style of shirt I really wear.

Really? Why is that? I don't know.

I just, I, I don't know.

These are not the hard questions.

You've been like, I've started trying to veer away from them and get into like solids.

Maybe still the cowboy style of shirt. I like the cut.

But I just can't get away from them. I can't.

I'll buy the, you know, a solid style of that shirt and I 'll still just go directly to this.

Actually just this one. When you walk into a store, do you, are you just, is your eye drawn to the cowboy section? Yeah .

The little... I'm not joking. It really is.

Little cowboys. Have you always worn those? Ever since I've known you, you've worn those.

No, I went to, I, I forget, I probably took to it about 15 years ago and then everyone back.

Wow. Don't ever go back. I think you look great. I had some , I had a cut off Sweat's phase. It was horrible.

When? I gotta say her name so you can picture it.

But go ahead with your cut off Sweat's. Oh my god. I used to, well, I think my first, my first style phase was wearing a collared, like a polo shirt within another dress shirt over it.

Tied around the shoulders? No, no, no. Just wearing them both at the same time.

That's very 80s. And then I would flip over the, yeah, so, but for some reason I felt like it was mine. I felt like, like I kind of like how I thought that I was the first person who made up A-hole.

And, uh, yeah. I don't know. I don't know.

I, I claim I was, but I, then I think that. Are you like, like Richard Lewis who says that he made up from hell? The blank from hell?

He probably did, but I think he did actually. He probably did. Yeah, yeah. And, but he's mad that he didn't get an Oh, is that right? Yeah, he's currently mad that people don 't credit him with that saying when they say, because imagine that creating something out of your mind that the entire English speaking language says it's in the idiom. It's an idiom that everyone uses. It's in the vernacular. Yeah. And no one ever says, by the way, thank you, Richard Lewis. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean?

Wait, who was it the other God? It drives me crazy when people try to, try to, uh, uh, trademark, uh, a phrase.

Oh, yeah. Like, I know that, uh, people just recently, uh, what, like Phil Jackson tried to, uh, do three Pete.

Right. Oh, you did, did he? But did somebody just recently who did a really like lame one. Like don't go there? Or, yeah, there was somebody else's deal, but they said, oh, I think people are going to use that.

I, I want to, that is weird. How can you trademark a phrase ?

Hi, I wonder how you can do it. I feel like if you say that you made it up, I think that was the Phil Jackson thing, right? He claimed to, he invented this word three Pete because he actually did it. Because he did it.

It did great for him. From what little I know of basketball , he three peated.

He did. He did. He did. He three peated twice. Mm-hmm. He six peated.

Yeah. Didn't you trademark that? Yeah. He should have, no.

You were the first person who said that. Whoa, whoa, hey, get away from your phones.

What are you doing?

Why, who are you emailing right now? This is mine. My lawyer, I did. I've never met you nor will I ever learn your name.

We should give some of your credits, of course, from Saturday Night Live, as an actor. And Lee was telling me that you also were a writer, or, I mean, probably currently still our writer, but, um, oh yeah, I started out writing. I wrote for Letterman and, uh, were you on the Army Show? I was on the Army Show. Which is so funny because writing stuff. The writing stuff. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Cause I used to hang out there a little bit because my friend, Brian Posain was on it. Oh yeah.

There were, it was a great path. And Mary Lynn and like, I knew all those people. And then I don't know if you ever knew this, but I did an Army Show reunion. I put together an Army Show reunion show .

Maybe a year and a half after it went off the air. Oh my God.

We did. In the, in the old, uh, in the old days, uh, when I first started the live show, we put on an Army Show reunion show that, uh , we showed clips of it and we show, we had all the cast, Toby Huss and everyone, like, all, like, reminiscing about it. Like really fakely like to make fun of those types of things.

Those guys were so funny. That was such a bummer that the show didn't work out better. Yeah, that was a funny show. I really enjoyed that. Was that your, like, one of your first stuff? That was my first sitcom job. My, my very first, uh, writing job was, uh, for the Jenny McCarthy sketch show on MTV. Oh, right. Yeah. Which, uh, I worked with, uh, John Glaser, John Benjamin, uh, and a bunch of other, other people. And a good cast too. It was Jack and a lot, Nick, right? Yeah. And, uh, yeah. Paul Greenberg . Right. Yeah. Jackie.

Uh, Jackie Harris. Uh, Jackie, Jackie, Jackie, uh, wasn't on the cast, but I maybe just because I don't think she was ever in anything either. Oh, okay. Maybe I just inter-exibly link them because they performed together a lot and they're married. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But that was, it was a fun, it was a really fun job. Wow. That's great. My first job was raking leaves at, uh, Old Man, uh, McCarthy's house , like two doors down.

Is that any relation to Jenny McCarthy? Yeah. As a matter of fact. Yeah. And that's why I'm bringing it up. A little sick. Everything's connected. And, uh, you, you, I don't know.

And then you went from writing and then you, uh, became a famous, uh, comedian on Saturday Night Live.

I was at the Groundlings and, and was, uh, working at The 70 Show and Lauren came and saw, uh, uh, show and, and took me away from The 70 Show. That's so amazing that you were able to write while, uh, you were being a performer. You know what I mean? Like so many people, like, they just kind of give up performing and then they go right into writing. I thought that was how it was going to be. I loved writing. And the 70 Show was where I was working at the time.

And it was, uh, the best job ever. You'd go in at 10, 10, 30 in the morning, work till about noon, then have lunch. An hour and a half. And then after lunch, an hour of, uh, video game playing. What? And then back in for about two hours and then take off. What? So you had, you could, you know, people were writing. And the show scripts, what's amazing is the show did not reflect that. Yeah. It was, you know, it's actually professionally written show. They knew what they wanted. And, uh, the, you know, great show runners who, who pulled the trigger quickly in a bunch of really funny, fast thinkers who really wanted to get in there and play video games and really like focused up. I've always said that, that if you know what you want, it shouldn't take you all that long. Like you don't have to be there all day. Yeah.

You know what I mean? This was a tightly run ship. It was, it was a great experience. Was it, uh, and Leo, you wrote on Saturday Night Live.

You were on it too. You used to be, uh, you used to close out the weekend, uh, update things, right?

Well, that was loving. That was loving. Oh, that was just loving. I'm so sorry. So they would put, they would put us, uh, the other, as a writer, you would always be like once in a while, someone in the audience.

Throw you apart. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One line thing. Do you find that this, it was very different from that, uh, that 70 show, like writing that show? I can only imagine like having to be, what, what night is it Tuesday? You have to stay up all night. It 's, it's, uh, it was, it was way different.

Yeah, Tuesday night you're, you have an all-nighter and we, uh, we would always stay the latest. Yeah.

Will me, Slubbin, Seth was always there until it was really , and now there are even more people who stay up super. I know. Well, I need to say he sleeps there. Yeah, I just need to say.

I just need to, excuse me. I'm not there. You still sleep.

Are you okay?

We, uh, we used to write the Falconer together. Yeah. He was, uh, actually it was Slubbin who, who came up with the original. There was this character called the top. He gave you three choices of what you could do. Yeah. And you picked that one. What were the choices? I forget. He just, I, I, it was like the fifth week I was there and I said, I don't have anything. It was four in the morning.

I got a right time. Someone goes, okay, I'm going to give you three choices. You can either be a guy who invented the candelabra or something nonsense. You're a guy who has a Falcon or you, you know, working a supermarket. And 40 seconds. I want to be the guy at the Falcon. Was there even a name at that point or was it just a guy with a Falcon and I think it was even shortened? I think it was, I'm going to say three words or like, you know, dental technician. Falconer.

Oh, exactly. I think it's expert. And that was it. Right.

Yeah. It was just like, Falconer, definitely. Yeah. What, Leo, what, what were some of the big, uh, sketches that you wrote? We were talking about this the other day, but what were some of the big, um, things that you're responsible for? We wrote, uh, Cut for Air. Uh, no, we wrote, what do we, we were time traveling Scott Joplin. Oh, yeah. Time traveling Scott . How did that go? I'm, I'm not remembering that quite that is. Uh, there's no reason you would there. There's a, uh, it was a, it was a talk show hosted by Maya as Scott Joplin where she , it was a very quick set of where it's like, hi, I'm Scott Joplin and he's playing ragtime. If you know anything about me, the two things I love are ragtime music and women's tennis.

And then he traveled in time to talk about women's tennis. It really came in handy when Andy R oddick came or was that the first time you ever know the first time. Yeah. I can't remember who was the first time, but it wasn't even a tennis person. I did it the first time and then Andy Roddick came to host. I was like, oh, we gotta get a gig. The reason it got written the first time was because Sloven did a fake pitch where he said, uh, Tracy and Dean are, you know, the William sisters and Lauren loved that idea and made us write it. So that. At gunpoint. So we spent about seven hours writing like, like, why please stop that racket, which is going to be a talk show.

Just really terrible. And then wait, was that the host asking people to stop the racket or that someone asking the host?

It was like tennis players are making too much noise. I don 't know. It was a kind of thing that could only get that bad if you spent seven hours writing it . And then Jeff Richmond, Tina's husband, was he is his officer right next to our so he would play piano all night because he'd be writing songs for people and then he'd be bored and have to wait around to be playing piano.

And he started playing ragtime music like at like five in the morning.

So that inspiration struck. So then we just made that.

I know and I think that you guys kind of share a sens ibility in a certain way of like, I noticed that around that time the show got a little more surrealistic in a way. Like that seems to be sort of, I don't know. I don't know. A lot of our attempts would do well at the table and then just for one reason or another just not make it on.

Not be what the audience wanted ever.

And the one, my favorite one that never made it was that actually meant to dress was the auctioneer.

Oh my god. Where Forte was the world's, more you mean the world's best auctioneer or something?

Yeah. The world's best. It was just an excuse for him to literally do that for five to seven minutes.

Oh no, do I hear him? That's almost kind of, it could be either an auctioneer or somebody calling a race.

Yeah, or something. Yeah. And it was always memorabilia from when Harry Metzali.

Right. It was the pants that Billy Crystal was wearing in the opening scene of when Harry Metzali.

And it was always some like Nigerian businessman who would buy it for his Winaharry Metzali museum.

Yeah. I started watching that. Have you seen, I think it's called the Hollywood Treasures?

I don't even know if it's on anymore. Oh, I've heard about it but I've never seen it.

I had, I had put that on my DVR and then I got my house remodeled over the summer.

Congratulations. And everything was, thank you very much.

Everything was all over the place.

I had no satellite connection so I just had to watch all the stuff that was on my DVR for a couple months and it was all Hollywood Treasures. And that's, there really are people who, like, some guys, a big Lost in Space fan. I remember that they were searching for and they had found this.

Nevermind. Let's move on. Let's move on. What else?

Why did you have all that energy? I don't know. I just heard about the show.

I thought, oh, this might be a good show. I'll record this series and then it didn't, I mean, I'm not trying to slam the show or anything but it didn't strike me, you know, at that, I didn't. You're really bad. I didn't love it in the way that you're really backpedaling on this whole Hollywood Treasures thing .

If you like the show, don't be afraid to say I love this show.

No, I'm trying to, what I'm trying to do is say that I didn 't like the show that much.

Like what hour?

If you're bad, I gave it a shot but it wasn't for me. I'm sure that there are a lot of people who loved it and I would think that those were good people.

Like, everyone's brains are different and that's why, you know, works of art can be for some people and not be for some other people.

I won't even say like, I liked it. I liked it. I just didn 't love it.

It didn't go to the place that Breaking Bad went for me.

Yeah. These days, these days where, you know, there's so precious little time left in our lives that, you know, you really got to love something in order to devote, you know, any kind of time to it. That's what I'm learning. That's what I'm learning.

How much time is left?

What do you know?

We have about two months and one week and three days left, I think, at this point.

Wait, did I just hear that the Mayan calendar or the Mayan end of the world situation is perhaps they think that maybe it's the world's not going to end?

In May of 2012?

I don't know. I feel like maybe no one really knows for sure.

I don't know.

I hear that people do know for sure. I don't want to be argumentative.

I also heard it was the Anken calendar. We talked about that.

All right. I think that I've read. I like conspiracy theorists. I've read that it's going to be an evolution to a higher state of consciousness.

I seriously wonder if there's going to be a lot more babies born.

Because what people, the world doesn't end because people are just going to be like fucking have as much unprotected sex as possible.

Like we haven't been able to do that very much in the world .

So people, I can't get to your ride bareback.

That's going to be their back.

They're going to raw dog it.

It's going to be tons of dudes having babies.

I think that's a good example of them.

If they think the world is going to end, maybe they go, hey look, they're going to be babies or they're not even going to be born.

The responsible thing to do is if you live with that presumption that the world is going to end and then it doesn't end, you should take your own life for sure.

Yeah, definitely.

That Harold camping guy, he should have taken his own life three times by now.

You know what I mean? He's predicted it three times and then it doesn't happen.

And then what do we ever do?

We all just kind of laugh and go, ah, Harold.

But it's like, people make mistakes with their end of world predictions.

I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.

I was off by a couple of years.

What was his situation?

He literally went home for a while and wouldn't talk to anyone for three days.

And then it came out and was like, well, obviously I got the math wrong.

That's what he said.

He moved to decimal point or something like that.

He's like, it's actually going to be in three years from now or something like that.

It's just so ridiculous.

I can't blame him.

Aren't there a bunch of people though who like, okay, he got the date wrong and believed in the new date?

Oh yeah, yeah, people are insane.

It's crazy.

Yeah.

What do you believe?

I'm, I guess I'm going to stick with it because of him.

He's peer pressuring me and just sticking with the Mayan thing.

You guys really believe the world's going to end?

Leo, I think it'll end.

You think it'll end?

I think it was just going to go on and on and on.

Well, maybe in billion or million to years.

Yeah, I don't mean to physically it's going to end.

I don't think it's going to end in our lifetime.

I don't think that the world itself will go on for a long, long time, but there might be something that wipes out civilization.

Do you think even if the earth were to be destroyed that wouldn't mean the universe would end?

It would just mean that the world, that our world would end .

Right.

Yeah. I mean, existence would still exist, right?

Yeah.

Like there's never going to be a point where everything just like blacks out, right?

I mean, who did you never say never? Who knows?

I think that we're.

I mean, we're talking, you know, scientifically speaking.

Now I got to put on my scientist hat.

Okay.

We're talking a long time from now.

How did you bring that huge hat in with you?

I didn't notice that when you.

It does not go with your shirt.

Yeah, go ahead though.

Put that on.

PTO.

Okay.

And scientists.

But you.

I know you're talking about that hat.

He actually has a hat that he brought in.

He was very confused, like very confused.

I forgot that I referred to a scientist hat.

You're an improv style.

Oh yeah.

Your improv style is not yes and it's.

Oh what?

It's trying to connect what people suggest to an actual physical object.

What was this now?

We're we're.

We stayed up late last night.

I had to do a bunch of accounting.

I'm really, are you an accountant?

No.

What happened?

I'm doing I do that on the side.

I left SNL and I got to make going to scrap it together.

And we all, you know, it's.

It's.

For my stuff.

That must be the worst.

That must be the worst job when you know the economy is in the toilet.

You're struggling to make ends meet and you're going and looking at everyone else and how rich they are.

You know.

But that's the good thing is like like the economy is in the toilet.

But that means that people are trying to save money.

So they need help through a CPA like myself.

Do you want to advertise your business at all?

Like do you have a website at all or what?

Go ahead and do it.

I'll give you a free plug here before the plugs.

Just.

Fortead and subtract.com.

Okay.

Yeah.

Is it it when you say add is it the plus sign and then a minus sign?

A dash plus sign but then the word minus.

Oh, okay.

Oh, wait.

Mine is that.

Instead of subtract?

No, no, no.

Well, it's I you had you hadn't let me finish.

No, of course.

Hey, please allow me to let you finish.

Fortead and subtract but the ad is a plus sign subtract is spelled out then.com slash minus back slash add.

Okay.

Good.

Do I need flash to view your website?

I don't we don't have flash technology.

Oh, good.

So you can get it on an iPad that's actually better for us.

Yeah, I could never view it if you had flash.

It's all on paper.

Oh, you're everything.

There's a paper website.

Paper and pencil.

There's not even a website it sounds like.

It sounds like this is just you holding up sheets of paper outside your window.

Is that what you're talking about?

I don't know what's going on right now.

Will's looking around the room looking for something to let you know.

I'll just do.

No, don't don't look at your hat, Will.

Come on.

I've been doing help you now.

He's doing accounting and playing this this stupid but awesome game called drop seven.

Wait, Leo just on me playing it.

Have you ever heard of drop seven?

No, what is it?

It's so hard to just get a bunch of numbers.

It's a perfect thing for someone as obsessive compulsive as well for example.

Yeah, I honestly went home last night and I had all this accounting stuff to do and a Christmas party to go to.

Your life sounds so amazing.

And I played drop seven for like five hours, six hours.

Who's did you blow off the party?

I can't understand blowing off the accounting of what's going on.

I know, but I got that accounting done.

It's a sickness.

I have a sickness.

You could have played drop seven while surrounded by your friends.

You don't have people to do your accounting for you in all seriousness.

Come on.

What's going on here?

No, I do.

I enjoy doing it.

I don't have a business manager, but I do have an accountant, but I have to get all my QuickBooks in order.

So I had to send them this stuff and I hadn't done it in 11 months or whatever.

What's a QuickBooks?

QuickBooks is a program, an accounting program.

We'll be right back with the most boring conversations in the world.

Now we actually are talking about accounting.

We have really run out of things really early in the show too.

I painted my kitchen.

All right, great.

Why not?

Well guys, let's take one little break.

We're growing out though, right?

I mean, this is considered a bro down at this point, I would say.

Yeah.

Bro down at the people's say when they refer to friendship.

Yeah.

This is the bro cake girl.

I do want to talk about your movie, one of my favorite movies.

And we're going to hear the theme song to it.

This is the theme song to Magoober and we'll be right back with a little 14 Leo Allen, comedy bang bang.

♪♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ And that is the theme from Magoober, which I do want to say well, one of my favorite films of that year.

It was so funny.

Thank you very much.

I loved it.

I absolutely loved it.

I appreciate it.

Like howling laughing in the theater.

It was fantastic.

If you haven't seen that, is it on Netflix streaming or is it how do people see it?

I don't know.

I know it's out in DVD and you know, I'm sure you can find it in Netflix somewhere.

I don't have Netflix.

So I don't know.

But anytime that I've been at Friends Netflix, I don't really have the capability.

You cannot get out of this.

Get me on the new releases.

This rut of the conversation.

I feel like I'm listening to QuickBooks again here.

What is going on?

I can't, look.

It's, you know, people think of me as this really interesting guy.

That's a persona, you guys.

I was going to put on.

It's a character that I play.

Can you please put on that persona for just 45 more minutes ?

I'm not that good an actor.

Tell me about that movie though.

I mean, talk about a kind of a gift to, I mean, you'd been doing that character for a while and then it got turned into a movie unexpectedly.

That's amazing.

It was really a dream come true.

I mean, because it was relatively cheap to make, they kind of let us do whatever the heck we wanted to, which you don't get that opportunity very often.

And we hoped that it did a little better at the box office so we would get another opportunity to do something else.

History will judge it as a success artistically in the very least.

Yeah.

I've heard that from so many people just talking about like , sometimes people sound surprised because I think when something doesn't do well, people think it's because of the quality.

So, but I've heard it from so many people like, oh my gosh, my Gruber was great.

Oh, thank you very much.

I hear that all the time.

We're very proud of it.

So, that's really nice to hear because it's, you know, it's , no matter how much you love it, it's always a bummer when it doesn't do well because it take, you can't help it take it a little personally.

Yeah.

Well, at least it came out.

You got to do it.

I mean, that's way more than...

Oh, a lot of people.

Yeah, absolutely.

You got to do that graveyard scene.

Oh my God.

So great.

It's my favorite thing.

It's so great.

It's so good.

Let's reenact it just a little bit.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

Nice shoot.

I'm gonna fill you up.

I didn't think you'd actually do it.

Thank you so much.

That is the exact opposite of the way I am in real life.

When you're in love here.

Yeah, just like...

You're like, you look so nervous.

Yeah, you're like, your eyes are darting just back and forth side to side right now.

Okay.

Are you enjoying that?

Oh, I'm gonna...

I don't know.

You did it.

Are you done?

Honey, are you...

That's it?

That's all you got?

I'm done.

Now, can you get out of here?

Where's my money?

Dude!

Wait!

Oh, I mean, uh, late.

All right, guys.

Well, it's time for a new feature on the show.

New for 2012.

That's what I like to say.

It's a little game, pardon me, that we call...

Jing it or dang it?

All right, it's time for Jing it or dang it.

And let me explain the rules of this game.

This is...

I'm handing both Will and Leo...

Jingle bells?

So festive.

Two separate things of jingle bells and two...

dinghy bells, I guess, like a hotel dingbell.

Can you test those out and make sure they work?

Oh, they're different tones.

Yeah, different tones.

So Will...

Fortes is the higher tone.

Yeah, Will's is...

Will's...

We could do Jaws with these.

You start.

♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Jaws, Jaws, Jaws, Jaws.

I feel so tense from that Jaws theme.

That's why he's the master.

John Williams.

Do we owe John Williams money for that?

By the way, try to quiet your jingle bells while you're not using them if you could.

Okay, very good.

Now, let me explain the rules to this, okay?

You each have jingle bells and you each have a dingle bell.

All right, I'm going to say a word.

I'm going to say either jing it or ding it.

And the first one to either shake your jingle bells, if I say jing it, or ding your dingle bell, if I say ding it, gets a point, okay?

And we're going to be keeping track here.

And I think the...

Do you get a point taken away if you do the wrong one?

That's a great question.

Let me see how to work this.

Yeah, you get a point taken away if you do the wrong one.

Okay.

And we're going to go till...

We're going to do it six times, okay?

And then we'll go to the lightning round.

Okay.

All right, we're working this out as we go, but it's a new feature.

I think it's going to be good, okay?

So remember, if I say ding it, you're going to ding it.

And if I say jing it, you're going to...

Yep.

And I'm going to look at you guys and try to see who's the first one.

All right, ready?

And...

JING IT.

I'm going to give that to Will Forte.

One point.

JING IT.

Again, I got to give it to Will.

Oh, come on.

DING IT.

Dustin, I think it's Will again.

Your reflex is...

I want to give it to you because I want to make this fair, but it really is Will just...

Just ding it.

That's Leo, right?

He did a little misdirected through Forte off.

I feel like you got to...

You got to just...

I feel like the appropriate answer is...

No, the appropriate answer would be this.

All right, so currently we're at Will Forte III, Leo Allen 1.

DING IT.

Will?

That was new.

That's not even close.

Get out of here.

Get that shit out of here.

You played this before.

JING IT.

Again, Will.

Okay, so at the end of six we have Will Forte V, Leo Allen 1.

All this is shut out.

Almost.

But now we're going to go to our lightning round.

We're going to do another six, okay?

Now in this case, if I say ding it, I want you to ding it.

And if I say ding it, I want you to ding it.

All right?

And ding it.

That's Leo.

JING IT.

That's Will.

DING IT.

That's Will.

DING IT.

That's Will.

DING IT.

That's Will.

JING IT.

That's Will.

Oh man, not even close.

It's 10 to 2.

I feel like I shouldn't be driving.

That is a little something we call jing it or ding it.

Wow.

They shook hands like gentlemen.

You know what they say about jinging it or ding it though?

It doesn't really count unless you do it till 200.

Is that an annoying game to play on a podcast?

It's very, very...

Not when you win.

I hated it.

I feel tense.

I felt tense from the jaw of staying.

That was me getting into your head.

Yeah.

Talk about your favorite Christmas memory.

I know it's past the season, but well...

The home, the hearth.

I'm going to get real serious on this one.

Okay.

It was my parents went through a divorce and they were just at odds for a long time.

And then this is about five or six years ago.

My dad went through a second divorce and we didn't think that he would come...

We wanted him to feel like he was welcome at the place.

My mom was great about it.

So we invited him to have your business with us.

Have your mom remarried at this point?

My mom had not remarried.

My dad had and got divorced again.

We said, can we invite dad for Christmas?

Because we didn't want to be all alone.

And mom said, okay, yeah, because we just started saying no and he came.

And it was really just awesome to all be together again.

It's been a long time.

And now we do it every year.

Oh, that's amazing.

But it was a really, really wonderful reunion.

Where everyone just...

My mom even liked it.

My dad liked it.

Everyone liked it.

Everyone put aside their differences and just, oh, that's so great.

He came.

He brought a bunch of pictures.

We did.

It was really nice.

Pictures of your...

Just old pictures that we did.

From back on the day.

Yeah.

Wow.

That's crazy.

Yeah.

Leo, follow that.

I am well.

Unfortunately, my parents never got divorced.

Too bad.

Oh, if they would have got divorced on Christmas, that would have been the best story.

That would have been the best.

Topper.

No, I'm a Jew.

So Christmas to me is like...

I'm just looking for Gentile infants to eat, to eat.

I would go to my friends' houses though.

And I would see them open up.

It was really fun.

Because they all...

I would sometimes go to church with them.

Oh boy.

I was like, how is this even more boring than the church we go to?

So you consider, I guess, Christian churches?

Is that what we're Catholic?

It would depend on the person.

You'd find those services to be more boring than a temple.

Well, I think it was because I didn't know the ins and outs .

So there was no context.

And everybody's looking at me because I had to sit in the Jewish section.

Just one chair.

There's one chair on the front next to that.

Next to the pulpit.

Yeah.

And they point at you.

They point at you and they make an example.

It's all in Latin.

I've never been to a Jewish service, but I do know that I was a Catholic.

And those are really long- Yeah.

...varying the liturgy of the Eucharist.

Oh, because it's always the same thing.

Especially for a little kid.

For a little kid.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

How long were your services usually?

Are they an hour?

I think it sounds bad.

Mine were like an hour and a half.

An hour and 15 maybe?

Okay, yeah.

But the worst is when you go to a Catholic wedding because it's then the wedding part and then the full mass.

The full mass.

Also incredible.

I went to a Catholic slash sort of Asian wedding where they did both of their things.

And the Catholic part already took, I think, an hour and a half of it.

And then they also had to do the Asian parts of it too.

Oh my god.

So boring.

But what I was going to say is I did have an opportunity to go to a bunch of Seder dinners.

And god, those are so fun.

There's such a fun spirit to the religious ceremonies.

Yeah, like Seder is good.

Seder is my favorite.

Are they boring ones?

I remember as a kid, like some people really do the whole thing, which takes like four hours.

Really?

Oh wow.

That's a very old school.

But when I was a kid, we used to go and there would be like really when I was really there would be like 50 people and they would read the whole hagata and there'd be all these old Jews.

Is the hagata?

Is that part of the Torah?

That's the story of the past.

Yeah, that's an extra thing.

Does it do you remember?

And to zoos, is that right?

Yeah.

Did we get that?

It's been 15 years.

Yeah.

We'll have a Seder.

How can we never have a Seder in New York?

I would love to though.

That'd be great.

You can do it.

That'd be amazing.

Did you get a bah mitzvah?

Is that how you pronounce it?

Bah mitzvah.

Bah is a...

Bah mitzvah.

I was a lady.

I was saying bah.

I was just saying bah, I'm hoping that...

Bah humbah.

Did you have a bah humbah mitzvah?

That's what Scrooge gave his Jewish son, a bah.

Bah mitzvah.

I did.

I had to go to Hebrew school, which I hated because there was no Jews in my...

There was just me, my brother, in BG Chudnovsky, who was a metalhead.

What's going on with BG these days?

No, I'm sure he sold acid to people in BG.

Hey BG, if you're listening to this, Leo misses you.

BG Chudnovsky.

That's gonna be hard as a metalhead to have the name BG.

Yeah.

You know what it means?

He let a...

Just go sucks, man.

He was one of three Jews out of a thousand.

His name was BG and he liked heavy metal.

Yeah.

And as far as we know, he was not one of the brothers' gifts.

I don't think so.

Okay.

He was also one of those kids who had a mustache when he was in like eighth grade.

Oh yeah.

So yeah.

Uh...

God, I just...

I'm sorry, I just went to a dark place.

That's okay.

I thought of...

Let's open up.

I thought of the GIB brothers and the tragedy that they've had in their lives.

They've, you know...

Yeah.

I have to, to my knowledge, there were four of them, and now there's only one left and they're relatively young.

I think...

Or, well, maybe there's two left?

I could be getting that wrong.

But...

Oh, maybe one...

One retired.

One entire...

I know the dandy dad a long time ago.

Yeah.

I remember that.

And then...

Mora, Sam, and Robin, I believe, are still around.

And then the other one?

Or maybe...

I know Barry...

Barry is...

Barry is still around.

Mora's done.

I believe so, but I thought the other one was sick.

I don't know.

Well, I hope he's not.

I hope...

Well, I hope they're...

They're good then, because as long as they...

I hope so.

I love them.

And I...

But I mean, they sang about their troubles in that song, tragedy.

Yeah.

Tragedy!

♪ Do do do do do do do do do do do ♪ Tragedy.

Yeah.

That was about their lives.

That was autobiographical.

Yeah.

A lot of people didn't know that.

Well, moment of silence for them.

Who else has died at Bumjow Will?

Don't go there.

I love that character.

It was a guy.

Sassy.

Sound go there.

Is that Sassy Forte?

Sassy Forte.

I love the pronunciation of Forte.

Oh, that would...

Sassy Forte.

All right, guys.

Let's go do another break.

When we come back, we'll play a little wood rather.

This is Comedy Bank Game.

Well, Forte and Leo Allen.

♪♪ Two is a wonderful number.

And three is a crowd that's true.

But three is a perfect number for sure.

It's two kids and me.

Oh, Mackerelber, you're the man for me.

And things between us, they could be perfect.

It's two kids and me.

♪♪ Did you hear me?

I love you.

Ehh, ehh, ehh, ehh.

I'm gonna freakin' explode inside.

I'm gonna spill it.

I'm gonna fill you up.

Okay.

I'm gonna fill you up.

This is what we were doing before.

I didn't realize this was at the end of the song.

It is so disgusting to watch you and my...

go at it.

I mean, it's awesome.

It's beautiful.

She was pregnant.

She was eight months pregnant at the time.

Really?

You are good at sex.

All right.

It was time to play one of our favorite features of the show.

It's time to play wood you rather.

♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Okay, it's time to play wood you rather.

Thanks for that theme.

We all know how this is played, but I'll explain it for the layperson.

Our scent would you rather scenarios on our Twitter, which is at CBB-WIR at Comedy Bang Bang, would you rather?

I will read them out loud and then I will open the floor for questions.

You were both allowed to ask me any question about either of the scenarios.

There's no time sensitivity to this.

There's no ringing in.

Okay.

You are allowed to ding it occasionally, but only occasionally.

I have all the information about the scenarios, which is not included in the questions.

You can ask me anything.

Okay.

And that'll help you narrow down your selection.

And then you'll both vote.

We will tally up the points at the end of that and then assign a winner.

Oh, so there are point values too though.

Oh, yes.

That goes without saying.

Goes without saying.

Okay.

So our first scenario comes to us from the, unfortunately named Mitch Comstein, aka Richard Thornton, but his Twitter handle is Mitch Comstein.

He asks, would you rather listen to the Smash Mouth single All-Star for 24-hour straight or become famous for shitting?

Would you rather listen to the Smash Mouth single All-Star, big hit single, by all accounts, for 24-hour straight or become famous for shitting?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

You can ask me any question you like.

I do have a question.

Yes.

The Smash Mouth seems pretty self-explanatory.

Maybe you've found that for sure.

Famous for shitting in what way?

In a public, like, you've shat on TV.

That's a great question.

Like, the poo coming out of your butt?

Did you, they know you've shitted?

Did your shit save the president's life?

These are both great questions.

And let me just say yes to both of you.

Actually, it's cross-platform.

You first shat on a TV show, which then was adapted to a movie that you then starred in and shit in as well.

So you're a pretty famous shitter.

But the first shit that you ever took, the reason it became so popular is because it saved the president's life.

An assassin's bullet was flying through the air and you accidentally shit in its path and it derailed it.

And much like the magic bullet in JFK, they figured out the trajectory of it and that your shit saved the president's life.

So yes, both of you are correct.

Well, I'm going to assume that I was jerking off while I was shitting.

Okay, that's a great assumption.

I would have assumed it even without your say.

Yeah, so I'm going to say smash mouth because I can please don't.

Please don't vote yet.

We have not closed the fall.

I'm afraid I'm going to have to.

Or was I just, no, no, was I just trying to pretend like I was voting beforehand to throw?

Oh, you're getting in Leo's head again.

What's he going to do?

Wow, you were.

It's going to be smash mouth, I'll tell you.

What is he going to do?

I don't know.

Now, smash mouth.

Yes, Leo.

If you hear their single, that's, oh, no, yeah, and also.

Get to game on.

Right.

It's playing.

Are we hearing, are they singing it live to us or is it pre -recorded version?

That is a great question.

Yes, they are singing it live.

They come to your house and put on a backyard party.

24 hours long.

And I do a sidebar for one second.

You want a sidebar in the middle of Leo's question?

Biome's, go ahead.

Did you ever hear the smash mouth thing where they took, they isolated the vocal to the song, I think it's called Days Like These.

So it's just you don't hear any of the music, just you hear .

Caribones, gazos, jat!

In complete silence.

Hey, get out of here, fans.

You have to look it up.

It's pretty awesome.

Oh, that's great.

Sorry.

Did I do real the game?

Okay.

Sidebar is over.

I'm going to have to darky points for those sidebars.

I'm so sorry.

We all know sidebars are not allowed.

You just went ahead with it.

Like a scofflaw.

So I'm going to dark you three points for that.

All right.

So Leo, you're still a scuffler.

Like a scofflaw who requested a sidebar and was granted it.

Oh, I grant you it.

I just, but I assume you know the consequences.

Okay.

All right.

Yeah.

So it's a backyard party, which is soon interrupted by an oil tanker crashing into it.

And everyone has third degree burns on their body afterwards.

And you're alive for another 80 years with those third degree burns.

And you are in unable to leave a hospital bed.

So yes.

Does that answer your question?

Yes.

Okay.

Great.

And then your shit saves the president.

No, that's in the other scenario.

Oh.

Any other questions about either of the scenarios?

I feel like there's a lot you're not covering.

Is there what is the consistency of the shit?

Great question.

Is it like a diarrhea that like shields the president like you can't see where he is?

Because there's diarrhea like a big sheet of diarrhea.

What are you trying to say?

Or is it a lump of real solid poo that like the bullet gets lodged in?

It definitely has to have some sort of solid attributes to it because it does, it diverts the course of the bullet.

So it's definitely not a...

Oh, so that's it.

It diverts the course of the...

It's not a wet mushy shit by any means.

Okay.

I was thinking like if you were really like a foot away from the shooter and you sprayed some diarrhea, he would go like, Oh, what's going on?

I can't see anything.

Much like throwing sand in someone's face.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

I have another question about the shitting aspect.

Now, is the shit...

Is it something that you do intentionally?

Or does it just happen the way it sometimes can when you don't plan it?

Great question.

Because it seems like a big difference whether you're intentionally doing it or if it just happens.

Great question.

The first time you shit and become famous for it, it's accidental.

People love it.

People just are over the moon over just they go, Oh, just see that guy shit on TV last night.

Oh, it was amazing.

And then you become a little more aware of it and like you 're doing it on purpose.

And you're like...

Very calculated.

Yeah.

Because like, Oh, look at me.

I'm the famous guy who shits and then people don't like you all that much for it anymore.

But then you save the president, but yes, you do it on purpose with the president.

And but it kind of revitalizes your career.

And it's like, you know how people say that there are no second acts in American life?

Well, you prove them wrong with that shit that saves the president.

All right.

Any other questions about the smash mouth, tanker, third degree burns, 80 years, solid shit that you 're famous for?

Any questions about either of those scenarios?

I feel like I have a lot of information.

Will you're looking at your hat kind of confused.

It's just trying to look at it from all sides.

The hat?

Yeah.

No, I mean, it's just it's so big.

I can't see the paper.

All right.

I'm going to close the floor for questions here and we're going to have to vote.

Leo, I'd like I'd like you to vote first.

I would rather be famous for shitting.

And why is that, sir?

Well, first of all, I could save the president, which would be great.

It's the least any American should do.

No matter what your politics are, you should save the president's office of the president by shitting and stopping a bullet.

Yeah.

And you know, maybe you'd get like free food or restaurants and stuff.

You do not get you should have asked that question.

You do not get free foods with restaurants.

I'm afraid of going to have to dock you points because you voted on an incorrect premise.

That gives you negative four at this point.

So boy, you're still going to have an even answer.

Yeah.

So well, you kind of did answer already, actually.

No, he was just trying to psych you out and maybe make you think that that you should answer the same way he was going to answer.

Yeah.

So are you done yet or do I love you to elucidate further if you have any more about your choice?

Yeah.

Because yeah, I think first of all, there is just the natural how good you feel after you go to the bathroom.

That's true.

It is.

Why not get famous for doing something that feels good?

It's the poor man's orgasm.

We all know that.

And that's why porno people like porn stars.

That's their whole mantra.

But you do.

You do.

Love what you do.

Yeah.

So yeah, I think it would be great in summary.

It would be great to help America relieve myself.

And have people know me for something that had a positive spin as opposed to the negative stuff.

But don't use it.

A positive spin.

Don't you think so?

It's that kind of, hey, they high five five.

That's why I was trying to get you guys to do the whole time.

If anyone high fives on the show, you get a gift certificate.

So congratulations, you guys.

Sorry, I have to take that gift certificate away.

No high fiving twice.

Avidless three times is a spanking.

I'm so sorry.

Guys, take down your plan.

Take down your bottoms.

Yeah.

You know, don't you think it's the kind of fame though for something that you don't want to be famous for?

You know, like people seeing your bowels moving?

Maybe.

I mean, I guess I should have said is it I should have asked whether people actually saw it happen.

Oh, yeah.

People saw it happen.

And then I think like with the smash on thing, you would probably be sort of famous for that too.

And I'd rather be famous for shitting and for listening to smash.

It does make some national headlines.

Yeah.

Person has backyard party that smash mouth sings for 24 hours.

Tanker.

Right.

Tractor tragedy would probably get a lot of publicity.

BG's sing a song about it.

Yeah.

All right.

Very good.

You're at negative four.

Will, let's see how you do.

I will also pick that I would get famous for shitting.

Famous for shitting and why is that?

Because of all the pussy.

All that pussy.

You imagine it.

Can you imagine seriously?

Think about all the pussy right now.

It's just amazing.

It's waiting for a positive shit story.

Just waiting to open up for the guy who's going to bring it to them.

Yep.

It's a great bar story.

You'd also find ladies who are into it, I bet.

You know what I mean?

That's a great way to find the way you want to mix my work and my personal life.

That's true.

So that's unfortunate.

Yeah.

Any other reason just all the pussy?

That's it.

Just the pussy.

No smash mouth for you.

I could deal with the smash mouth.

It's almost too easy, but I feel like I once listened to.

Were you, I think this was when you left, but at SNL I listened to, so maybe challenged me to listen to, or maybe I just challenged myself.

Amerson, Lake and Powell, have you heard of Emerson, Lake and Powell?

I remember they were Palmer for a while, but then they replaced Palmer with Powell.

Is that right?

Yeah.

Uh-huh.

Colin Powell?

Colin Powell, yeah.

Actually, close.

Cozy Powell.

That's his musician name.

Call me Cozy.

And I listened to that, to the song Touch and Go.

It's actually also on the Magoober soundtrack.

Oh, wow.

And you listened to it once?

Uh, I listened to it for the entire year.

Meaning when I was at work, I could not listen to anything but that song.

I just had it on a loop in my office.

Really?

I could listen to anything else in my office, though I could only listen to that.

Could you listen to the talk radio of any sort, or was it just music that that was all you could do?

Or if you listened to anything, it had to be that.

Listen to anything.

I mean, if I'm researching...

Actually, no, I couldn't.

I couldn't.

If I was listening to a song for a sketch, I would have to go to somebody else's office.

But if I was watching a video, that's a different thing.

Okay.

But someone sent you a funny internet video.

And through my iTunes, I could only listen to that song.

Getting around it by watching YouTube videos of modern music or something going, no, I didn't want to get around it.

This song, you listen to this song, it's just amazing.

It's kind of like...

Can we find that song, by the way, Dustin, and put it at the end of the show?

You don't have to do it now.

We can put it in post.

But I...

Stop touching Go and Marcin Lake and Powell.

Yeah, I'd love to just kind of like...

In fact, find it on YouTube if you could right now, and we'll listen to a little bit more.

Real, like there's some power and grace to that song.

Didn't make people not want to go to your office?

I don't think there was nothing that was going to change.

Not a lot of people beating down your door.

Hi guys!

But yeah, so...

Daaaaay!

Is this bringing back memories?

Yeah.

Great memories.

Take us through this.

What have you learned about this song?

I learned that a paddock Philippe is a watch.

Didn't know what that was before.

Have you ever heard of that?

No, listen to this.

It's the weirdest lyric.

Man on the street?

No, no, no, no, no time for trouble.

No, paddock Philippe.

So how did you figure out who was saying paddock Philippe first?

Did you have to look it up?

Yes.

Was it like the 78th time you heard this song?

Or was it like the first?

It's crazy that I just kind of messed up the second line of the song.

I've heard it more than a thousand times.

Wow.

And then did you look up like...

Did you go to Google?

By the way, go to google.com for all of your internet looking up needs.

Responsed by Google, by the way.

Oh, really?

Yeah, yeah.

If you ever need to look up anything online, by the way, guys, if I could just tell...

I mean, Google's a great site to go to.

I don't know if you guys have heard about this site, but google.com is the place to look up stuff.

They're trying to get the word out a little more, so they sponsor podcasts.

Are you?

Google.com?

That's please go to google.com.

I go to Gagl.

I'm sponsored by Gagl.

So I want to tell everybody this is...

Gagl is where it's at so fast.

So gay.

Actually, it has nothing to do with gayness.

Really?

Gagl...

It's like a...

It's a short age.

Gagl in information.

G-A-G-G-L-E.

It's not gaggle.

It's not pronounced gaggle.

It's a legal...

It doesn't seem sure at all.

Seems exactly the same amount of letters.

I just called the library.

I didn't even realize that that was going to come out sounding like a gay joke.

I was like, whoa, just something.

Yeah.

Well, I apologize.

I always call the library when I want to know something.

Yeah, they're always a level down there.

They love me.

Hey, do you mind going to the microfiche for me?

I love it.

We haven't finished the game.

So, okay, so Smash Mouth.

You listen...

Oh, by the way, what did you learn about the song like...

Did it come to have deeper meaning for you?

Like, in an existential...

manner?

Or...

It actually...

Oddly...

Well, not Oddly.

It feels very personal now.

It's almost like a friend.

You spend so much time with it.

And it's not a song that I...

I will go out and say that I believe that I am the...

the Guinness World Record holder.

Record holder in amount of times listening to that song.

To that song.

I've heard it more times than...

More times than the band, I would probably.

Have you spoken to the band of yours?

I never have.

If you're listening Emerson Lake or Powell...

Cozy.

If I may call you Cozy.

Let's get in touch with Will Forte here.

Yeah, even Palmer.

Yeah, if Palmer...

If you want to get in on that...

Yeah, do you want anything?

You know what I'm saying?

That's amazing.

Did you...

Did you start listening to it as a joke?

I didn't do it for that glory.

I did it just for the love of it.

For the glory that you're finding on this podcast right now .

Did you...

Did you listen to that song and say that's such a good song .

I only want to hear that.

Or were you like, Ha ha, listen to that song.

That's stupid.

I just want to listen to that.

And then you grew to love it.

It is...

It's impossible for me to separate all the emotions in that song.

I will say that I heard it as a high school sophomore.

I'll always remember the first time I saw this video.

It's a pretty equally ferocious video.

I just kind of cataloged it and said like that is my kind of song.

Like these cowboy shirts.

And didn't hear it for a long time and then tried to go on iTunes at the time.

It wasn't on iTunes.

So I had to go by.

I finally found a copy of the album that it was on.

And threw it on myself.

And you're just like, this speaks to me.

I just want...

There was just something about it.

It's like the movie GI Jane that I saw.

And also 1000 times.

And loved.

And I don't know that I would say like, Oh that was an amazing movie.

But there was something about it.

That I loved.

All right.

Well, let's return to the game.

So you're voting for the...

I forget where we are.

Shitting.

Yeah, you're famous for shitting.

Okay.

That was a sidebar though.

So unfortunately I'm going to have to dock you another point for that.

That takes you to negative four for that Beowulf sidebar.

And guys, it looks like you're tied at the end of one round .

I'm so sorry.

You're going to have to be co-champions of Wood U Rather.

Is that okay with you?

Oh another high five.

That means the fourth one is a gift certificate again.

So you guys figured that out.

Oh no, no.

Don't do the fifth.

Well, you're going to have to be summarily executed.

I'm so sorry.

That is of course how you play Wood U Rather.

Do the Jaws theme along with this.

That is of course how you play Wood U Rather.

And guys, that was a tough competition.

That was like very...

That was in-depth.

Yeah.

But you guys leave as friends.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Does no hard feelings either way?

No hard feelings at all.

Really?

I mean once we got over Jig it or dang it, I feel like we can work through anything.

Yeah, I mean I'm glad Leo that you pulled that one out after your just abject failure at Jig it or dang it.

Yeah that was honestly humiliating.

Well guys, this said in just the brightest purple sweater I've ever seen.

The saddest man in the brightest sweater.

I love that song.

The saddest man in the brightest sweater.

Who sings that again?

So guys, we've come to the end of the show and we only have one last feature on that show and that is of course a little something we call plugs.

They're not the cat that's into a socket.

They're not the cat that you put into your scalp.

They're not the cat that's all german shows in his ass.

They're the greatest kind of all...

Hey, wait a minute.

♪ Plugs we love them ♪ ♪ Plugs we need them ♪ ♪ Plugs are fatal ♪ ♪ It's time for the show ♪ ♪ Plugs are the fucking shit man ♪ ♪ That's all we need to know ♪ ♪ What's the way Rudy's harassing us to come out ♪ ♪ And part with our harder do ♪ ♪ So vacant by a third I'll send the... ♪ Oh my god, this is a long one.

♪ All we can say is yes ♪ Oh boy.

I take offense.

It's something that he said early on in that song.

Okay, that is...

I can't believe that he said you fart with your hard earned cash.

Yeah.

What does he mean by that?

I don't understand.

But that is a plug-s theme by Jim Harrell.

Jim, thank you so much for writing that.

If you have a plugs theme, go to earwolf.com and post it in the appropriate thread.

We need plugs theme, so please...

That was really good.

That was good.

That was really well done.

He mentioned something about me shoving something in my ass , which I don't know, I appreciate how he found out that information.

Who bets these plug themes?

Engineer Dustin, I blame you.

So this is how we're going to do this.

We're going to do a round robin style, meaning clockwise, meaning...

Wilforte, what do you have to plug?

I got nothing to plug.

Nothing going on?

Well, I mean, I've been working, but nothing that really...

Nothing coming up?

Good chunk of stuff coming out in the summer.

Oh, you know what?

I know that I was in Tim and Eric's...

Oh, the Billy Miller movie.

Which was a blast, and that's going to be...

Mark premiering it at Sundance.

I don't know when it comes out.

It comes out of Marlowe.

I saw you in the trailer.

It's crazy.

It's so awesome.

I actually believe it comes out of March 6.

Is that right?

Oh, great.

So yeah, so I will plug that.

Oh, that's great.

And then...

And stuff coming out this summer?

Do you want to...

Yeah!

In case you're not back.

Okay, sure, sure.

I got to do...

Adam Sandler Andy Sandberg movie.

I hate you, Dad.

And that comes out, I think, in early June.

That's going to be a great one.

And then I'm currently doing...

Neighborhood Watch, which is...

Oh, the Stiller.

Vince Fon, Jonah Hill.

Akiva's director.

That's been a lot of fun.

I get to play a cop in that.

And I think that's late July.

Great.

And they have a little teeny, tiny, teeny part in Rock of Ages.

Which is really fun.

Really, the trailer.

I got to beat Tom Cruise.

Oh, my gosh.

What's Rock of Age?

It's the musical.

Musical.

Using me into a movie.

Oh, that's so cool.

Oh, my God.

He's...

It's...

Is he engaging in any kind of ghost protocols in this movie too?

Or is that just reserved for...

Oh, he always does the ghost protocols.

I think so.

That's great.

I think so.

Yeah.

He was a very nice guy.

Who was your scene with him?

It was kind of a big crowd scene.

So it's him, Russell Brand, and Catherine Zeta-Jones.

Oh, cool.

Yeah.

I like Russell Brand.

I just play a reporter and it's...

Do you sing your line?

Hey, what?

No, what on?

I don't.

Which is a bummer because I love singing.

And you're good at it.

Yeah.

All right, it hits.

So, but I mean, it was just...

I was just being a reporter.

And there are two sides that are singing songs and I'm trying to get both sides.

Both sides.

I'm interviewing both sides.

What kind of mic were you using?

Directional or...

Do you need directional...

Did Catherine Zeta- Catherine Zeta-Jin-A-Sing?

She was an expert.

She can totally sing.

Yes, she's an Broadway star.

Oh, he's a real nice scene.

How did I not know that?

She's a great dancer, great singer.

Oh, she's great.

Very sweet woman too.

Yeah.

This is going to be a big hit, according to you.

I think it'll do very well.

It seemed...

I mean, it seemed...

You know, and I play such a small part that I feel like I can be...

And excited about it.

And critique it in a way.

Actually, I didn't see everything.

But the scenes that I saw look great and fun and...

You know, I'm not the hugest musical guy.

So...

I saw that...

I had to be a part of it.

I saw that musical here in town when Chris Hardwick and Kyle Gas and Dan Finner...

What is it name from the Dan band?

Oh, Dan Finnerty.

Finnerty, yeah.

They were all in it.

Yeah.

So I think it's a funny musical.

I think that'll be a big hit.

Congratulations.

But I'm excited about all of it.

I mean, to work with Sandler was so much fun.

He's just... he was awesome, too.

It was a great experience.

All right. Well, we'll be looking for that.

And Leo, what's going on for you?

I am working on a secret project right now.

Oh, wow.

I can't wait to hear about that.

Maybe for the government.

Wow.

Are you orte?

He looks...

Really...

Yeah.

You're shocked by this.

Yeah.

You look scared.

Yeah.

Why are you coming in and trumping my stuff, dude?

I'm trumping it and dumping it, bro.

That's true.

Good point.

Secret project for the government.

Secret project.

I don't know.

I'm just performing.

Any movies with Tom Cruise this summer?

No.

Once I auditioned for Tom Cruise, though...

Oh, for the first time.

I auditioned...

Miss...

Here's...

I met Tom Cruise.

I auditioned for Vanilla Skye.

And there is a one-line part.

Right?

One line.

Hey, look at that sky.

Yeah, it was very thin.

Seems vanilla.

No, I think the line is actually...

Do you want red or blue?

And you held up two pieces of paper.

And so literally anybody off the street could...

And then...

So you go in, there's like 40 people to do that one line.

And then you go in the room and Tom Cruise is in there.

Right!

Because he's a producer.

And...

And he's wasting his time with that.

He's like crazily nice.

He stands up, shakes your hand, says thank you so much for coming in.

And then Cameron Crow is filming it.

And I'm like, this is crazy.

Why are they so nice?

And why are they...

Anybody.

For the...

Do you want red or blue guys?

Yeah.

For the...

What do they do for like people who have real parts in the movie?

They lend them for like a week.

But then Tom, I did it once.

I said, do you want red or blue?

And Tom goes, Cameron, um...

Can I...

Can I do the scene with Leo?

Oh my God!

Oh, that's really exciting.

Oh yeah, that's a great idea.

That's a great idea.

Like this is the first time he's thinking of this out of all the auditions.

I don't know.

So he gets up and he walks...

acts like he's walking in the hall, by me.

He's miming walking.

No, he's actually walking.

Oh, okay.

He backs up as far as he can, walks by, I go, red or blue and he goes...

And then he walks away and then he's like, that was great.

Thanks for doing it like that.

What?

So I guess the lesson is, there's no reason for anybody not to be nice.

Tom Cruise was even.

Yeah.

Did you see the movie?

Super nice.

I did see the movie.

And how did that part go in the movie?

Did you look at it?

Oh, that's what I showed it down.

It was a really young Asian guy.

Oh, well.

So I thought maybe they wanted that kind of young Asian guy look, which I couldn't provide.

When was Vanilla's guy?

Was that 98, 99?

I feel like it must have been around the 99 or...

Yeah, it was before the odds.

Yeah, yeah, somewhere around that.

That's one of the few movies I have on DVD for some reason.

I didn't even like it, but it's just sitting there in my honest.

The middle of the war.

That's a fascinating story.

I've never met Tom Cruise.

I hear he's great.

Everyone I know who has met him says he's the nicest person .

He's so nice, isn't he?

Very nice.

Will and I know him really well.

Can I tell a little teeny story?

Yes, please.

About how nice he was.

So I had...

I don't have it.

I am in a very small part of this movie.

So we don't want to make you seem like you're the star of this movie.

He just kind of come...

Oh, man.

I'm...

Anyway, he comes...

He's...

I barely talk to him, but...

Okay, I'm going to try to make this more concise.

Oh, it's okay.

Not already.

Anyway, at the end of this...

Okay, what time is that?

We've had a little chance to...

What did you eat for breakfast?

Because of the geography of the scene, he would end up in the same place at the end of this scene.

And so we'd just chat a little bit.

And very friendly.

And then at the end of that night, I had told my mom to come out.

Oh.

It was filming in Miami, and she came from California.

I said, Mom, you know, I might be able to...

You know what?

She likes coming and visiting those sets anyway.

She visits you on the set frequently?

Yeah, to every...

Everything, because she just really enjoys it.

And I said, you know what?

I think it's worth it.

Who knows, but I might be able to get you to meet Tom Cruise at some point.

So anyway, at the end of this really long...

It was a night shoot, so it was like 6.30 in the morning.

Oh, wow.

And Tom was still in the makeup trailer, and I said, hey, Tom, is it possible tonight if you have a little extra time?

Could I introduce my mom to you?

I know she'd be thrilled.

And he said, oh, absolutely.

It was very nice about it.

The rest of that day, I go sleeping, come back to work that night, and then I'm kind of nervous, because like...

You don't want to bring it up.

That now I actually have to do it.

If your mom was there when you asked him, and he goes, absolutely.

And then he meets her right.

But now you have to ask again.

He wins the right time and whatever.

And as I'm trying to deliberate over all this stuff, somebody comes up and says, hey, where's your mom?

And I said, oh, she's right over there.

Great, Tom wants to meet her right.

And he had just remembered all this stuff.

He had taken care of this.

And I told him at like 6.30 in the morning, and it was like, it was very sweet.

Called her over in the middle of this very crowded movie set.

And you know, hey, let's get a picture.

It was so nice.

It sent us these framed pictures.

It was really, really nice.

And now they're dating from what I hear.

They're dating.

Yeah, that's amazing.

And he's your stepdad.

Yes.

And he's there every Christmas too now.

Yeah.

From what I hear, that's an amazing story.

He never took a picture with my mom.

After that audition, you were like, hey, Tom, this is going to sound really weird, but my mom's in the hall.

My mom's in the hall.

Do you mind if she does the scene with you?

My mom's outside.

Do you mind meeting my mom?

That was kind of, was that a boring story?

No, it's fascinating.

I love stories.

I got to the end, I'm like, maybe that was boring.

You know what?

We were joking around earlier and saying that you were saying boring stories, but I find stuff like that actually fascinating.

Let's be honest, I was kind of boring in the very beginning of this.

Well, you know, I felt like I warmed up and then we started me.

So we started me out.

I know like, we don't know each other.

That's part of the other thing is like, we got to know each other over the course of the show, which is great.

So by the end, we're really cooking.

I mean, certainly your stories on a jingit or dangit scale are off the charts.

You know what I mean?

Compared to that.

One more round to jingit.

No, no.

Jingit or dangit is hard.

I just want to say to people.

Right.

It's not, and also I'm playing against Forte Hues.

What's your strategy, by the way?

What do you do?

My strategy is- I was trying to just hear the word and not think about it, but I think I was- Because once you think about it, you're done with jingit.

What I do is I concentrate on one hand and I go, if I hear ding right here, anything besides ding, I'm going over.

Oh, that's a great strategy.

So that's- Oh, you know what the wrinkle that I forgot is to say, no dingit, and then you can't ring anything.

If you ring anything, you- Oh, we're gonna have to do that next time.

But we don't have time to play that again.

I got to let you guys go.

But I want to thank you guys so much for doing the show.

Thank you for having us.

Yeah, it was really fun.

You have to- Oh, one more.

Oh, God.

Oh, no.

So that's- Yeah, number 7th high five.

That is really not good.

Is that the most high fives?

That's the most high fives in the show ever, yeah.

Congratulations.

Oh, 8th!

Oh, God.

This is like, watch the throne where they did- You got to stop saying things that excite us.

I didn't even excite you.

I'm afraid that's not possible.

My hand hurts.

All right, guys.

Will Forte, Leo Allen.

Thanks so much for being a great guest.

And we will see you next week on Comedy Bang Bang.

Bye-bye.

Here it goes.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Dog.

Calm.

The Wolf Dead.
