And we're back this week with an all-new episode. We have two women in here.

Dare I say, I hope that they become best friends by the end of this podcast.

Perhaps even forever. We'll find out all of that and more all in today's.

♪♪♪ An emotional moving panoramic account of Jews in America.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

If this is your first time listening, by the way, this program is not an emotional moving panoramic account of Jews in America.

That is actually just a catchphrase submission submitted to us by Steve Kay. Thank you so much, Steve Kay.

But do not worry if this is your first show. It's not that dry. It's not that boring.

We won't be getting into any account of Jews in America.

There are no Jews in here.

Nor will we be mentioning Jews. Just sit tight until I eat.

I was just trying to give them the listeners the lay of the land. Are there Jews in here right now?

I don't believe so. Are you a Jew?

Is this the first time you've ever asked that question of anyone?

Yes. I want to know.

You had a look of was I just naughty? Am I going to be punished?

I want to know. I am not a Jew.

Thank God. The listeners have wondered that as well.

I am going to introduce you in just a second. This has been a problem with all of your appearances, by the way.

The problem or the best thing that's ever happened to you.

Bam.

I nailed it already. Minute 3.

Welcome to the show. My name is of course the world famous.

Scott about AKA the Choctaw. We are here. It's comedy bang bang.

This is a show where I get the world's most fascinating people and I interview them.

Thank you so much for listening to last week. We put out two very special episodes where we did two unreleased episodes that I was going back and forth on whether I should release them or not.

A lot of you said, hey, I would have enjoyed those episodes even if there was no preamble.

To that I say, that's because the preamble worked.

Anyway, thanks so much for listening to those. We're back on a regular schedule here.

Long time listeners of the show probably recognize that voice, the person who so rudely interjected.

Oh, the dulcet tones of Miss Marissa Wompler.

Ah, yes, that's right. Marissa Wompler. Let's talk about this Marissa.

First of all, for those who have never heard Marissa before , I'm trying to gauge how old you are because it looks like you've had a...

I'm 15. It looks like I've had a growth spurt.

Yeah. I'm wearing a padded bra right now.

Oh, that's what it is. Okay.

No, but really, I'm not actually. Because you know what, I believe in honesty and I want people to know what they're getting.

Oh, so... Specifically one person.

Who's that?

Eric Gutterman.

Oh.

Ask me to the prom. I don't mind saying on the air.

Congratulations. Which prom? He must be a senior.

No, it's a junior. It's a junior senior prom. He and I both were on the planning committee.

He asked me and I said yes, not because I have feelings for him that way, but because I wanted to have the life experience and I'm going to put it on my resume as usual.

I'm going to put it on the rest.

Well, it's also important to maintain stability in your planning committee.

Yeah, of course.

You know, just a united front.

Well, yeah, exactly. And what would have had I said no, then he gets all upset.

Maybe he checks himself into a mental hospital or something because he's so in love with me.

I don't know. And then where's the junior senior prom then?

Exactly.

So he starts tearing down streamers. He likes to place on fire.

I don't know what's going to happen.

But anyway, I don't want to give him, like, some, you know, he thinks he's going with a Jennifer Lopez type, you know, and then he gets me.

Now, Jennifer Lopez, as far as I know, doesn't have the hug est bosom.

Nobody's got a really big butt.

Do you have a padded butt right now?

Yes. I'm going to pad it. I'm going to pad the butt in the dress.

Okay.

And I may get, I wish I could get something that would give me bigger calves.

Oh, yeah. They have implants for those.

Yeah. I'm going to look into it.

I live in Marina Del Rey. So there's a lot of places I could go for that kind of thing.

Now, Marissa, it seems like you've been on the show for two years now.

It seems like you've been 15 for a long time.

Oh, God.

You know, I made you a go with.

I made you a go with.

Are you turning 16 in a day?

Just like your comedy.

How are you? Oh, thank you so much.

How are you 15 and going to the junior prom?

Well, I skipped a grade.

Oh, okay.

I skipped a grade and a half, actually.

Oh, okay.

That was in third grade.

And now, so I don't even know.

Honestly, at this point.

You skip birthdays when you...

Yeah, I skip birthdays.

Well, I don't celebrate my birthday because, well, since my dad left, I don't celebrate them.

Oh, yeah. We've heard about him before.

Your dad.

What was...

Now you have a stepdad.

Who was it?

My stepdad Seth.

Seth, right.

But I did not drive here with Seth today.

Oh, that's...

Yeah. I noticed that there's someone here in the room. Is this your mother?

No.

Your sister? I'm so sorry.

Yeah, excuse me.

She's got skin like a porcelain, like a china doll.

This is my gift to teacher Miss Lisler.

Miss Charlotte Lisler.

Oh, okay. So you teach at this...

Nice to meet you, Scott.

Charlotte, it's so nice to meet you.

Thank you so much for coming by.

That's great to be here.

You're here to chaperone or...

That's right.

And, okay. And you teach at...

What high school do you go to?

I teach in the STARS program.

At the Marina Del Rey Public High School.

Marina Del Rey P.

Yeah.

Pub.

Yeah, the pubs.

And I was also one of the faculty chairpersons of that prom committee.

So you know what Eric Guterman's all about?

He's going to be trying to stick it inside of me.

Yeah.

If I don't keep tabs on him.

Is he an international lover?

Does he have Roman hands and Russian veins?

Yes, he does. Very good.

He's a good lover.

Miss Lisler.

Hold on.

Do you know what that means?

Charlotte.

No, you...

One of the things we've been working on is trying to put her hyperbole into art.

Oh.

Yeah.

Because she likes to hyperbolize with her words.

I've noticed that.

Yeah.

So we were working on trying to get that into paintings or dramas or different macrame projects with macaronis and such?

Isn't that interesting how macrame and macaroni kind of go hand in hand?

They do.

You know what I mean?

You would think they were the same thing, but they're very different crafts for people with different finger skills.

Now you would think that Miss Lisler was somebody who doesn 't have an active...

You can hear me?

We can't hear you.

I'm sorry.

Oh, God, my body control.

Probably.

I...

Just from the look of her, you would think Miss Lisler doesn't have an active sexual life, but she does.

I have a man's haircut.

She's a man's haircut.

She is wearing a woven belt.

You wove that yourself, Miss Lisler?

That's right.

Not just a man's haircut, but a man from the 50s, it seems like.

It's like a real flat top.

Yes, right.

Yeah.

It's like a Katie Lang.

I take some steroids for a skin rash.

Okay, that must account for some of that.

Are you...

I mean, this is...

Hey, it's the 90s.

No wait, and when is it the 2010s?

Yes.

We can talk about things like this.

We can talk about it.

You know, are you...

Hey, maybe you don't like guys.

Maybe that's why...

I do.

I love them.

That would be wrong.

She loves them.

I love a good man.

Okay.

Well, have you ever thought of maybe a good...

After a salad dinner.

That's all it takes.

She only eats salad.

She has very active colon as well.

I don't want you to think that Marissa and I chat about my sexual experience.

That would be inappropriate.

But she can infer by my attitudes or emotional states, you know, where I've been, what Dix I've sat on, you know?

Oh my goodness.

Oh boy.

Miss Blissler.

I want, by the way, Marissa, I wondered where you got your free spirited attitude.

This isn't...

This is one of the places.

You also have a few cousins that have dirty mouths.

I do.

I eat lunch with Mrs. Blisser most days.

That doesn't surprise me.

And you know, she brings...

Out on the quad.

She brings the baguettes.

I will bring a ham or a cornichan, which are tiny pickles.

Sure.

Scott.

We're learning French words.

What about some breeze?

Oh, sometimes a soft cheese.

Miss Blissler loves soft cheese.

I love a soft cheese.

Yeah.

The smelly or the better.

Trick, rub it around your nipples for some excitement.

Wow.

This is only one of the many tricks you're going to...

And tips you're going to learn.

I also don't want you to think that I speak this way in the classroom.

No, of course not.

This is an unrated podcast.

Sure.

And I knew I would be able to be free with myself.

You're going to let fly.

I said, we've discussed what's appropriate for here and what's appropriate for school and for the quad.

Sure.

Now, do you have some sort of parental...

Have you checked with Marissa's parents or mother and step fathers' staff about the nature of your relationship and just how salty your language can get, much like we had to sign parental consent forms in health class?

Right.

Yes, she has signed a parental consent form for spending time with me.

Okay.

Every day.

But she's really coming into her own and I think her mother recognizes that and Seth certainly does.

What kind of license does this consent form give you?

Were there specifics in there of the types of words you can use of the...

No, a license to rock.

The black is our way.

I'm on a ride at home.

You go higher on the lower.

Oh, no, no, you go higher on the lower.

We'll get it.

I don't know.

We'll get it.

Well, we should...

Marissa, we should talk about exactly why you're here because I think a lot of people maybe have not heard your previous appearances.

You were just on one with Andy Richter recently that cracked our top ten.

Congratulations, by the way.

Oh, did it?

I don't check.

I can't.

Nor do I ever log on to your website.

Well, this is a problem because you are my intern.

Oh, I know.

Two years ago, you signed up to be my intern, which in my mind means every single week that you have to be here getting people water.

You said you weren't Jewish, but you're giving me a lot of that Jewish guilt right now.

Happy Passover next year in Jerusalem.

But as far as I know, you've only showed up four days.

Yeah, well, I've been busy.

I've been really busy.

Here's the thing.

It was started as a class project, as you know.

And then it became a labor.

My showed it?

Yes.

I signed on.

I wrote you a letter and you said, come on in and I threw on the cans.

And then it became a labor of love because as I saw things needed, this was like a page one rewrite.

Yeah, you weren't supposed to be on Mike at all.

And from the minute one...

That wasn't my understanding.

You started talking immediately.

That much the same way you did today.

Well, I never know.

You don't give me like a finger gun.

It's like you're on.

I just like, I feel it.

And when I...

Maybe one suggestion I could have as a mentor to mentor is that you really need to go toe-to-toe with Marissa because she's going to bring a hundred percent of her mess to your front door.

Yeah.

So what I said...

You gotta have boundaries.

It's like a rescue dog.

No!

You can say no Marissa.

Yes.

Just slap your nose with a roll of newspaper.

Marissa, I go to...

Are you all right?

I hit my cans and they actually bent my ear back.

Oh, you're all right.

Yeah, I'm all right.

I'm all right.

That's called cartilage.

All right.

Do we need you to leave?

No, I'm okay.

No, I'm okay, Scott.

One thing, Mr. Ochreman, Matt Stilwuss, is that you might just show up.

He's comic-scob.

You know, show up at her door.

You know, knock, knock, knock 3 a.m.

Hello.

I'm Ochreman.

And...

Why would I do that?

Is that what you do?

Is that what you're trying to say?

I'm just...

I have unorthodox measures in order to really reach a child .

Well, you know what?

Teaching doesn't have to take a break.

It doesn't have to be done.

It never takes a break.

You know what I mean?

There'll be teachable moments at 3 in the morning.

And two years ago, you signed up for something.

Yeah.

Didn't you?

When you took on an intern.

I did.

That said, I don't think it's my purview to go show up to Jessica's house to record the shows.

I think she knows...

It's not a bad idea.

You know that my condo has those walls because we're very by the airport.

So we have those window panes.

It's like an Elizabeth Smart situation.

John Wayne airport.

We got a...

Yeah.

You could show up at her window with a full beard on.

Say, I'm stealing you away to Mike...

to Mike Aben.

And then when you get her to the studio, you say surprise.

I'm your mentor.

What lessons did we learn?

Okay.

I mean, you're right.

That is unorthodox.

That's...

But that's worked for you then.

Yeah.

It seems like you guys have some sort of...

Is it dare I say symbiotic relationship or parasitical?

Yeah, like that's like a parasitic...

It's like, you know in Africa, what are those animals?

The wildebeest and they have tiny birds that live on top of them and they eat off their skin?

I would say it's more like the bottom of a dirty pond and a catfish.

Who's the catfish?

Who's the dirty pond?

Exactly.

Oh, man.

Was that a haiku?

I'm going to write that down.

Write that down.

I'm not on this.

Yeah, not on that.

Yeah.

Write it down.

Let's get down.

I'm going to publish this in folio, my literary magazine that I'm also the editor in chief of.

So now Charlotte, and I can call you Charlotte?

I prefer Miss Lisler.

Miss Lisler.

Or just Lisler as I've called you Aukerman.

That seems strange to me, but I'll try to do it.

So Lisler.

Yes.

It seems like I'm teaching PE class or something and I must be able to get on the high bars.

When I was in the Marine Corps, that's what they called me, so I'm very comfortable with that.

That explains a lot.

Okay.

So Lisler, let me ask you, you're the teacher of the STARS program or the GATE program, I think we called it, Gifted and Talented Education, where I was from, which is not that far away from Marine Del Rey, so I'm surprised that you call it something so different.

It's a program?

Where are you from?

I'm from Cypress, California.

Really?

Yeah, just right down the street.

Oh, I would have pegged you for like a Boston whaling family.

Thank you so much.

This is a little changing experience.

Yeah, like an ex-quaker, doesn't it?

Doesn't he have that look to him?

I do see you riding the back of an old whale one day.

Yeah.

See that deep in you.

But okay, so you're the teacher of special students.

How many special students are there?

We have three.

Three, only three.

Only three tested.

We tested the whole school.

It's a pretty dumb school.

Me.

Creatively speaking.

Me, Rodney, and Eric Guterman.

So Guterman's in there as well.

Yes.

And these are special students.

Yes.

Meaning they're...

They've not traditionally done well in a regular school setting.

No.

In fact, some of us have done very poorly.

Mm-hmm.

So I'm getting...

Great wise.

I'm getting kind of the idea here.

You're in a special school...

No, don't say it like that.

It's a public facility.

But you're in a special class where you're away from the rest of the students who might cause distractions to you.

Exactly.

Well, some of...

Yeah, I have ADD.

Rodney wears trench coats.

You won't take them off.

He wears several trench coats at once.

Does he have a base one that he wears in the shower?

Yes, he has a fit.

He puts several on him.

We've never seen his skin.

Okay.

He's like one of those ghost fish you find in caves.

You know that you can see they're all veins and stuff.

They're all just like fish.

Yeah.

Different kinds of fish.

And then Eric Guterman, you know him.

Old gutters.

Old gutter balls, huh?

Old gutter balls is always trying to stick it in somebody.

It'll probably be me.

Oh, dear.

I won't let him.

Don't worry.

We'll talk about your prom plans soon.

Yeah, yeah.

You're teaching style.

So do you have these three children all day or...

It used to be they were only coming to me for a 60 minute session between social studies or algebra, whatever.

And then I requested that they come to me full day just once a week so that I could really get in there with some project based learning.

And then that wasn't really successful.

So I asked for them full time.

Okay.

Five days a week.

And they were happy to give us up.

They were certainly.

It wasn't a fight, right?

Yeah.

What was your...

How long ago did this happen?

Was this...

About six months ago.

Six months ago.

Yeah.

I remember you were quite a handful when I first got to know you.

Was I?

What was your first impression of me?

Well, you were young and precocious 15 year old a couple of years ago.

Yeah.

And you just...

Yeah, you were mouthy if I can say it.

Is that it?

Not a real respect for authority.

No, exactly.

In fact, you were challenging me quite often.

Yeah.

But worse, that has only gotten worse unless there's class unfortunately.

Or fortunately, depending on how you look at it.

Well, you're a strong independent woman.

And maybe you shouldn't apologize for that.

Ew.

See what I mean?

I told you it was a thing for me.

You feel it, right?

Please, no, no, no, no.

I wouldn't worry about that.

I know the last time that you were on we got very dirty.

Yeah, it got weird.

What?

That was mainly Andy Richter.

That was not me.

It wasn't.

And then with Todd Glass, it got even weirder.

Oh, that's right.

That's Todd was the last time.

Yeah, reverse advanced weirdness.

We can't blame it on Todd as we all know if we regular WTF listeners.

Yeah, exactly.

I think I had something to do with his coming out.

You think so?

That gave him the courage.

Yes, it gave him the courage to be in the present.

Careful, Marissa.

One of the things that we've been working on with Marissa twofold.

Isn't that being so awesome?

Not exaggerating stories.

Not taking credit for great events.

Like what kind of great events.

She's taking credit right now for the new HBO show Girls.

Oh, in what way?

How would you even be tangentially related to that?

Well, I think a lot of people were inspired by me on this podcast to really let it all hang out.

Louisa Lina Dunham has.

So you're saying that Lina Dunham has listened to the podcast, heard you speaking and said, hey, there's kind of the voice that I want to channel for this show.

Yeah, I'm not going to sue her for it.

Yeah.

But you know, I'm not going to not talk about it to the press.

But that's not true.

So do you, we've talked about that.

Do you think that and what press are you talking to mostly to the Marina Del Rey?

Daily Dolphin.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

So what?

They've done a couple profiles of me.

Do you find that any TV show that most of them?

Do you find that any TV show that is that has female relationships on it that you think it's based on your life?

Like I know, I know, Sex in the City.

I know there's this new show, Best Friends Forever.

I think that.

Oh, God.

I think that's what I'm going to do.

I'm going to talk about it.

It's a series of tapes of audio singles.

It's a sort of based on the Saturday Night Live oral history books.

I don't watch television.

I've just collected them in the singles and I'm going to hopefully write them.

That's right.

Wait, these are short cassettes.

90 seconds on each side.

Yep.

I'm going to compile them into a family history of sorts.

It seems like it would be hard to get that interview going where every 90 seconds you're stopping and flipping over a tape.

You could say that.

Okay.

They sell, well, maybe not anymore, but they sell longer cassettes.

What's that?

Never mind.

So, Lisler, again, you start crying when I mention that they sell longer than 90 second cassettes.

It's really...

When people...

It's very bizarre.

What's weird about Lisler too is she's crying, right?

There are tears coming out of her eyes, but nothing changes in her voice.

She just keeps going.

That's the way she's living, you know?

Does this happen?

If I stopped every time tears came out of my face, I would never move.

Okay.

I would never start.

Does that make sense?

It makes a lot of sense.

What is the opposite of stop?

Go.

Right.

So, I would never go.

Okay.

Well, does this happen a lot, Marissa, during the train call?

Yeah, she cries through most of our classes.

Wow.

Yeah.

And sometimes we have to cocoon you.

What does that mean?

It's a technique.

It's a holding technique.

Where the students surround you.

It's almost like if you have hypothermia, the best thing to do...

Get naked.

Get into a...

Is get surrounded by a hot body.

Okay.

You stopped crying, but I'm now concerned the way that you 're looking at me.

But I don't have them...

We don't have naked.

Okay, good.

Especially not Rodney.

Rodney will never take off those trench coats.

Yeah.

But what you're saying is that sometimes you guys roll around on the floor together?

We cocoon one another.

Okay.

When one of us has had a hard moment, when Marissa comes in and she's down.

You never see Marissa down.

Never.

But those are the tears of a clown are so much heavier.

So you swaddle each other with your bodies?

Mm-hmm.

Okay.

Gosh.

Similar to Jesus, that's right.

Okay.

Nobody said Jesus.

She said that's right.

She said the word swaddle, which is directly from the Bible , Marissa.

No, right.

Swaddling.

Sorry.

Everyone, is this a problem with Marissa?

Are there any Jews in here?

No, we covered this.

Okay.

No.

I thought I was going to say I don't want you correcting me in front of those Jews.

That's cause, but there aren't any.

So I don't like it.

She didn't do the call back.

I taught her about call backs.

She said she's in my call back.

I don't think it was a call back.

I think it's where you learned to ask that question.

How much learning would you say you do in class?

Every minute.

Every minute I'm learning.

Like...

How much like book learn?

I'm learning lessons.

We don't...

I told you, I don't read anymore.

Yeah.

And we don't write.

Yeah.

You know, if you ask me to write my name, I don't know if I could even do it at this point.

Here, try it.

All right.

Yeah.

Let's try it out.

Give you this post-it note.

All right.

She...

Oh God.

Oh, I think.

She drew kind of a broken heart.

Yeah.

A blackened broken heart.

Yeah.

This is her French name.

We take different names for different classes.

Okay.

I'm not sure if you're French name.

I did that in Spanish.

I remember I was...

Well, what was your name?

I believe I was Raul.

Oh.

Yeah.

Because there wasn't a Spanish version of Scott.

No.

So you took Raul?

Raul.

Do you still speak fluent Spanish?

Did I ever speak?

Ever.

Okay.

Fluent Spanish.

I don't know why you would assume I'd just speak.

Do you speak fluent French?

Yes.

All right.

Let's hear some.

Oh, be true.

That's not French.

This is right here.

I understood exactly what it is.

What did she say?

How many mountains to the baguette?

I don't...

Okay.

I don't know why that sounds...

I'm not sure.

I love the music of Michael Jackson.

Yeah, good one.

I'm worried about you, Marissa.

I don't know that this situation...

Is this an accredited class?

I mean, do people know that you're being taught by Listeria and the basement?

Yeah, what do they think?

They just don't know where I've been all for six months?

She just goes missing and no one notices.

I might have replaced her with a lookalike that's passing around as her during the day.

Is that what you think?

I think that's the plot of the movie Pluto Nash, which we also watched for credit.

For credit or for ideas?

Both, both.

You know, I don't know.

That's not what I think because my mind wouldn't go there.

But now that you mention it, I don't know.

I mean, I haven't seen Hyde nor Hair of you.

That's true.

But that's not unusual.

And then have your parents... how often have you checked in with Seth and...

What's your mom's name?

Denise.

Denise Wampler.

Seth and Denise, you know, they see me every night.

I mean, I sleep in my own bed.

Yeah.

But you know, Denise, they're both...

They have a lot going on.

And they're just happy that, you know, someone like Charlotte Lisler has taken such an interest in me.

Miss Lisler.

Boy.

Shardog.

I don't know that that would be acceptable if...

It is.

She likes it.

Shardog?

Yeah, she likes it.

Can I call you Shardog?

No.

Yes, you can.

Shardog.

Well, how did you get all of your nicknames?

A lot like this where people submit...

You give them to yourself.

People submit them to you.

I feel like you give them to yourself.

No, that's certainly not.

Choctaw.

These are nicknames that I've had ever since I was a young boy.

That's not true.

No, that's entirely true.

Please, Lisler.

They called you Choctaw and Cyprus.

Lisler, could you please remove your hand from...

Please, please.

She's massaging you.

Turn around.

Could she nose your tats?

Not gonna turn around.

She knows your tats.

I've had my back to you this entire program because quite frankly, I'm frightened of you.

Turn around.

I will not turn around.

I let us continue.

I've got my hand in the right place.

I...

Turn right into it.

Just stand like...

All right, we'll tell you what, why don't we go to a...

You think that'll get less weird?

A segment on this show where...

We do this sometimes.

And I...

You know, I mean, I don't know that you're an actual teacher, but you are an authority figure of some sort.

Both of those things.

So I thought it would be interesting since you are...

You say you grade people and you're used to giving grades and you're used to judging people.

I thought it would be interesting to do a little segment that we call Jukebox Jury.

Oh, all right.

It's time for Jukebox Jury and, you know, Marissa, you're interested in comedy.

Of course.

You teach improv.

That's one of the reasons that I accepted your application to be my intern is...

Because you wanted to take classes with me.

No, because you remarked on it and first of all, your essay was very, very long.

This is back when you could write.

Yeah, back when I had the use of the English language.

Some would say it wasn't.

It was less of an essay, more of a manifesto.

Yeah, and it was.

But aside from all the drawings and the margins, in there, in some of the sentences, you expressed a desire to learn more about comedy.

Yes.

You enjoy comedy and, and Lissler, you enjoy grading things or at least thinking about grading things.

So what we do in Jukebox Jury is we have a comedy song submitted to us by listeners.

And we listen to them for as long as we can stand them.

It takes two people to raise their hand saying they don't want to hear it anymore for us to turn it off.

Okay.

Two of the three.

Okay.

We don't need a full quorum, but we need two of the three of us.

Quorum, write it down.

Lissler, write it down.

Finger gun it.

It starts with a cue.

You really should know things like this.

She didn't.

She hasn't gone to school.

It could have started with a K. All right.

Okay.

We'll sound it out later.

Go ahead.

We play these songs and then we, if we get through, we, if we get through them all, well that's an achievement and we've only done that maybe once or twice.

But we talk about them and we judge them and people send us these songs knowing that we will talk about them.

Okay.

All right.

So let's do that.

So this comes to us from Joel Franken.

That's what you've written, Dustin.

Is it Franken or Franklin?

I would guess Franklin, but because it's written on my board here, I'm going to have to say Joel Franken.

Well, if it's Franken, then definitely.

All right.

This is called, well, I'm not even going to say the title of it.

Let's just hear it and remember if you can't stand anymore than, than raise a hand.

All right.

Here we go.

And here we go.

And also here we go.

I see you down there at the edge of the bar, sucking down.

So go not going too far.

I'm turning down all the guys that you see, but you need to know, baby, that's what's turning down me.

I'm going to lick it and you're going to like it.

I'm going to lick it.

Okay.

Why?

Why did you cut that off?

Who is he licking?

I don't know, but I'd like to find out.

I'm sorry, but it only takes two of us.

I'm not interested in hearing more of that.

Did he say that he was at the end of the bus at the bar?

At the bar.

He's going to leave.

He's going to start to articulate.

I mean, is this fitting into your, do you take the bus to school?

Do you chaperone?

I ride the bus.

No, I don't ride their bus.

I ride the public transit system.

Oh, okay.

How do you get to school, Marissa?

I walk.

Yeah.

How far away is it?

It's about 14 miles.

Wow.

Yeah.

Okay.

I have to start at very early, very early.

That's why you're getting up at 545.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Okay.

So let's talk about that one.

Why did you raise your hand?

You know what I didn't like is that he was going to lick.

He didn't ask.

He just was going to do it by force.

He just was going to lick it and then he says, and you're going to like it.

Is that what he said?

Yeah, yeah.

That's rude.

It's absolutely rude.

If you're going to lick it.

Because she was so drunk on soco.

That's true.

Is there a code of conduct at your school where gentlemen have to ask?

They have to ask, exactly.

And I'm just hoping Gutterman's listening.

Oh, boy.

I am hoping.

I'm going to lick the balls.

Oh, good.

If he does ask, what will happen?

I don't...

Wow.

Where we practice a monologue.

What?

Really?

We practice the monologue that you're going to say to him.

Yeah, let's hear some of this.

If he offers in the right gentlemanly way.

Okay, let me...

Let's do a little role playing.

You're used to role playing, right?

I'll be good old Gutterman.

This is your dream.

He's living out a dream right now.

It is not.

All right, go ahead.

I'm merely concerned for you in a parental fashion.

I'm concerned for you.

You have a lot of authority figures in your life.

Okay, Eric has kind of an accent.

Oh, what type of accent?

African American.

Oh, okay.

A twist, but he's white.

Oh, okay.

So he's kind of...

Yes.

As they used to say back in the 90s, a...

Wiger.

Yes.

W-H-I-G-G-E-R.

It's a wiger.

The people who are being proper would say it's...

Wiger.

It's wiger.

Okay, so let me see if I can pull this off.

I'm not a master of dialects, but let's see if I can do this.

Okay.

I have imitated the fat boys at certain points in my life, but...

Stop bragging.

All right.

Walk this way.

I don't know why you would say that.

I'm not going to turn around, nor will I walk that way.

All right.

Um...

You know, Marissa.

I can't...

It's almost like he's right in the room.

Yes.

Very accurate.

Hey, baby.

Is it Mushmouth?

It's here.

Hey, Murebeth.

What's happening?

Hey, Murebeth is simple.

Oh, my God.

Marissa, this is a good practice for you.

Thanks.

I'm getting so much weirder in here.

Okay.

Murebeth is so...

I want everyone to know that Marissa's chest is turning bright red.

What is happening?

We're...

We're here, but...

I have the problem.

I have a...

I have a wobbler.

I have a wobbler...

I have a wobbler.

I have a wobbler...

I have a wobbler.

I have a...

Tibiti.

Yes.

Yes, you may.

Wait, this is the monologue?

Yes, yes, you may.

Okay, let's hear it all.

That's what it ends with.

Before you touch my titties, you need to know that in my sweet titties lie a history of all the women that have come before me.

Mm-hmm.

My...

Myer Rudolph?

No.

I thought you were gonna say Angelou.

Sorry, my Angelou.

Sorry, mahogany.

Eleanor Roosevelt.

Who's the third one?

What?

Who's the third one?

Charlotte Gainesport?

Charlotte Gainesport.

So, no while you're touching them, you are also touching those women.

And now you may touch them.

Yes, yes, you can.

Wow, okay.

So he's in for that if he just asks politely.

Yes, ask politely.

Yes.

Wow.

Do you think he'll ask her?

I don't know.

I mean, I don't...

Honestly, I'm not sure.

I feel like sometimes I feel like he might have asked me just out of convenience.

I don't know.

Because...

We'll have to wait and see.

Because you're the only woman in the...

Yes, I mean, we should get asked.

I mean, I hate to...

I mean, you're the only woman of age.

Oh, I wouldn't go anyway.

Oh, really?

That's just chaperoning.

Are you going to be at the dance?

Yeah, I'll be chaperoning.

When you say chaperoning, what do you mean?

What does your night have in store?

I stand with my lower back firmly pressed against the wall.

Okay.

I drink a few Bartles and James.

And then I groove slowly.

Just don't make those.

For yourself, with yourself.

Yes.

In a corner or are you...

Middle of the wall.

If there are bleachers, if they have the bleachers pulled out, sometimes I'll be in the middle of the bleachers.

What are you going to dress like?

I'll wear these sweats.

These...

The very sweats that you have on?

Let me turn around just so I can see you.

I'm only turning my head.

Move over, Seth.

There you are.

Were you asked to do this or are you just planning on showing up?

I just always do it.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Well, I hope that a gutterman...

I don't know if I hope that he gets the nerve or not.

I don't know.

That was a beautiful speech.

I would just...

Honestly, I just do it to get it over with.

Yeah, because you've never been with a boy.

No, I've never done any of that.

So I just figure, oh, he's better than Rodney.

You know what I mean at the end of the day.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, let's vote on that song.

Okay, Marissa, mustard or pants?

I'm sorry.

That was Joel Franklin.

I'm going to lick it.

Mustard or pants.

How do you vote?

I'm going to give it a mustard.

Mustard?

Okay.

Lisler, how do you vote?

Oh, full pants.

Full pants?

All right.

I'm somewhere in between.

I'm like mustard pants.

All right.

Let's move on to our second song.

This is Bud Curtis.

Let's hear what Bud has for us here.

It's a nice beat.

Brittany.

What?

Lindsay.

Nicky.

Oh my...

Britney Lickin' Lindsay Lickin' Nicky Nicky Nae-cky.

This is a lickin' Britney Licky Licky Licky Licky.

Lickin' Lindsay Lickin' Nicky.

Lickin' Britney Lickin' Nicky.

Lickin' Lindsay Lickin' Nicky.

Lickin' Lindsay Lickin' Britney Licky Licky.

Lickin' Lindsay Lickin' Nicky.

So little Utah's are out tonight.

The Flashmaster's is white to the white.

So white.

Harris, Harris, you're jumpin' jump.

We rather watch you go.

All right.

A real late raising of the hands.

We both did pretty much simultaneously.

Yeah.

Marissa and I.

Now, Lizzler, you were cool with it.

A lot of Lickin', just like the first song.

I'm down with it.

Okay.

That was called Lickie Sticky.

Oh, now did you give them Lick as like something they need to work in?

Oh, see, here's the deal.

They can do any subject matter they want for Duke Box Jerry .

And so, of course, they all are terrible.

Meanwhile, the plug songs, the very same people do the plug songs.

Yes.

They're fantastic.

Why is that easy?

If you give them a little structure and say, here's a subject matter, they usually, but just the mind goes right to sex, I think.

Interesting.

And it just says a lot about your demographic.

Well, I don't know about that, but I would say 99% of the Duke Box Jerry songs are all about sex.

Either about licking it or about having sex with someone that you shouldn't have sex with or about forcible sex.

Wow.

So, a lot of rapes, jingles, or sit your way.

I wouldn't be surprised if Gutter Balls gets in there.

You're probably.

So, it's an Ode to your sweet titties.

All right.

You know what?

I would like to get upset, but things have gotten so weird this hour that I can't anymore.

Where are the bad ways?

I was not saying that.

I was saying that in the guys.

Whatever.

Well, you weren't doing your weaker voice, so I didn't know .

Some people's weird is everyone else's normal.

But we liked that song for a little bit, right?

Yes, we did.

I thought it had a great beat.

Great beat.

Kept building.

Yeah, but then it lost us in the bridge.

It was about celebrities.

The guy used to write bridges for you too.

Oh, really?

Just the bridges?

Just the bridges.

Yeah, he probably would have written a better bridge.

Yeah.

All right.

So, what do we give that?

Rissa?

I'm going to give it a pants.

Pants?

Lizzler.

What do you got?

Oh, mustard.

I'm sort of in between those.

I'm more of a pants mustard at this point.

Okay, good.

All right.

Let's hear our last one.

Oh, this is by Douglas Sadler.

A lot of you may know him as engineer Doug.

He used to work here for Earwolf.

And he's a musician.

And we've played his songs on the show before.

But this is a song that's nice to see him here on the old j ukebox jury.

This is called Lil Lil I'm.

All right.

Let's hear this.

It's Lil Lil in this.

Yeah.

First two.

It's Lil Lil in this muk-a-fuck.

Buh-dah.

Lil Lil in this.

Yeah.

It's Lil Lil.

N-E-I-G.

Every time I take a CD of GH, it's your joke album and a P and D.

I don't get too fussy.

I'm spreading ass shit like Ole Miss.

Man, with his hand and a rest to me.

Eight, seven, eight, seven, eight, seven.

What's your mind to me?

You're the gang green.

That made us way if my right need.

Don't act bad.

That good, that bad, no other purpose.

I'm her man.

That 18, he's 65.

Roast his kids.

Don't ask his stony.

I'm sick and it's signing down.

Syndrome kids.

What's some leprosy?

Best knock your names to me.

He's gonna catch up then that you gon' be later regret.

And ain't a fissure.

All right.

Here we go.

I recused myself from that, by the way, because I know Doug, and I'm a fan of his work.

So I did not raise my hand.

I want to make that perfectly clear.

Yes.

Both of the ladies raised their hands at about the same time.

Cystic fibrosis.

I think that's when I raise my hand.

Oh, is that what he was saying?

Cystic fibrosis.

There was a big list of diseases.

There was a list of diseases.

That were getting us down.

And it's merely, it's not because he was poorly done.

No, it's actually very well executed.

Spun some great rhymes.

At first I thought that was maybe a sampling of little Gary .

Oh, yeah, you know.

That was terrifying.

You said that you've never listened to the show before.

No, I didn't.

My stepdad Seth did.

And told me about him.

And did an impression of him at the table.

Boy, that must be terrible.

Yeah, it was terrible.

And impression of little Gary.

Seth is very talented.

All right, let it go.

Listler, move on, Donald.

He's never going to turn around.

You guys, he's never going to turn around.

From everything that I've seen from the back end, he's very talented.

Was anything drooping down below?

And the little, you know what I mean?

Like did you?

If I had gotten down at a lower angle, perhaps.

In that hour and a half, you never got down at a lower angle.

Well, I'm much taller than he is.

If I had no ever high.

You are a very tall woman.

You're about six to five.

Yes.

I have a high angle on him.

And a very long neck.

Have you seen how long her neck is?

It's a little like that giraffe.

I saw this on a bar.

It was too.

Yeah, Afghanistan, that was my code name, giraffe.

Oh, really?

What kind of a...

Are you a sniper?

I can't talk about it.

Why would you think that she was a sniper?

I just have that feeling.

I don't know what it is, but I just feel like I could see her being like, take the shot.

Oh, she's waving her weird fingers at me.

Why are you waving your fingers at her?

I'm just saying.

Here, you need to touch Listler's fake skin.

Her fake skin?

Ockermann.

No, touch her will skin.

That Marissa, it is not for you to offer other people.

Her skin feels like there's not a baby to offer you to offer people to touch.

Just feel it for one second.

It's good.

It's all right.

Here we go.

You say it's fake?

No, it's real skin, but it feels fake, doesn't it?

It doesn't feel like you're a real person.

I'm not sure.

It's gorgeous.

Yeah.

What's your secret?

What, I just soak for hours.

Soak and what?

Epsom salt.

That's it?

There's no mixture.

You know what?

Do you cut them?

What's that?

Do you cut those down?

Just salt?

Do you put them in water or anything like that?

In the bath, yes.

Okay.

You thought I just climbed into a tub of dry salt.

I don't know.

You said some weird things.

Secrets aren't seriously.

You said weirder things today.

Wow.

All right, well, let's figure this out.

I'm going to start with you, Listler.

What do you give that?

I give it a, a buster.

A buster, okay.

And Marissa?

I'm going to give it a, a pants soaked and mustard.

Pants, I give it a dance.

All right.

Congratulations, Doug.

All right.

Well, we didn't get through any of the songs, so they don't go into the regular rotation.

That's usually, that's how it works.

Is it okay?

If we ever make it to the end, they go into the regular rotation.

Who cares?

I know.

All right.

That's how you play jukebox, Jerry.

Oh, god.

Do you have to do long?

Is this going to go on?

How long is work going to go on?

Use singing.

Yeah.

That's terrible.

This is why I can only take it once every six months.

I have a mic.

I'm starting.

Like this.

All right.

That's how you play jukebox, Jerry.

Oh, that was fun.

For who?

I don't know.

Hey.

Is it fun for you?

I'm not sure.

Okay.

I never really have a lot of fun during that segment, but I think it's entertaining.

You know what I mean?

I don't know that I have a lot of fun.

You know, a lot of people, they live to do their show.

I usually blackout during the show.

Do you?

Yeah, I never really find enjoyment out of it.

But I'm having a trouble finding enjoyment out of anything.

I know there's a- Is that really true?

Yeah, I know that there's a term for that where you can't even drive pleasure out of the- Depression?

I don't know.

Oh, listlessness.

I'm not sure.

Apathy?

I have- I know I have those three, but I'm not- Sometimes when you get real close to your dreams, your wings burn off.

Oh my gosh!

Like vicarice.

It's terrifying.

You know, I- I feel like you and I do have a little bit in common though .

I'm sure that we do.

You know what I mean?

And- Two people succeeding in the things that they choose to succeed at.

I have noticed that that I get really, really upset if people succeed, and the younger they are, the more it makes me upset.

Is that why you guys have a hard time spending time with me ?

Well, I don't know that I would call you a success.

Yeah, I would.

A success at life at nailing it.

In the- In the school of hard knocks.

What hard knocks have you had to go through?

So many.

Well, obviously my stepdad Seth has taken his dong out for any Tom Dick or Harry.

Wait a minute.

He's taken his dong out to other people?

I don't know!

He took it out in front of a lisler!

He never- He never turned around.

You categorized that as an accident before- I don't know.

Point is, I don't know.

Well guys- She did go through a divorce.

Did he punch- Did he punch your dog?

This is what I want to figure out.

Oh no!

These are just lies!

I saw the- The fist entered the face.

No, you did not!

Break the jaw.

The dog might have been dead at the time.

It's not true!

But she had brought it to me for to raise it.

For laying on a van.

We thought we were going to do the cocoon method.

You brought a dead dog to class?

Yes, but Seth, it was Seth's dog.

So soon, me!

So soon!

And then Seth showed up.

Seth came with her.

Because it was his dog.

And then why would he punch this dog after you guys were- He didn't punch it in the face!

Where did he punch it?

He punched it near the face.

Where?

In the neck?

He punched the dog of the neck to see if we can get it to start breathing again.

That's an odd technique!

But um, I don't know- He's an orthopedic surgeon.

He knows what he's talking about.

Seth?

Yes.

Stop saying his name like that!

I didn't realize.

I would have called him doctor.

What did you think he did?

Have you even had a conversation with Seth?

Or doctor?

Well only the first time when I called and his voice answered.

Oh okay.

His name's not Wampler.

What's his last name?

Dr.

Dr. Tiesman.

Tiesman.

Okay.

Dr. Tiesman.

Seth Tiesman.

Yeah.

Why do you have any problems with the joints that you need to work out?

Uh, I got problems not getting joints if you know that kind of doctor.

No.

POT.

No we- What?

What did you just see?

I called it POT.

Listler, you ever partake of that kind of- Sometimes it gets you out of a tough- Tiki situation.

Of a combat situation.

Combat.

You meet- Meaning emotional combat so it's self-medicating.

Oh and I'm- When I was in Afghanistan sometimes we would spoke up to forget the tragedies.

Yeah.

What did you see there?

Heavy shit.

Yeah?

Yeah.

Yeah so we're- I mean we- I know you can't talk about- What kind of work you did there but- We ever sort of behind the barrel of a- Of a- Of a- Of a sniper's rifle?

I can't.

That was exactly the thing I said I could talk about.

I was trying to- Good enough.

Good enough.

You got very close to that.

I tried to give you a hint.

What do you- You keep waving your fingers- You keep waving your fingers- I don't know what that is.

What does that mean?

Just whisper it in my ear.

What do you try to- You'll figure it out later when you listen to it Taylor Swift saw.

What?

I don't know what's going on.

This is a little strange.

I don't- I don't understand that.

Everybody's listening understands.

That you're waving your- They can't even see you waving your fingers- But you described it and then I followed up with a Taylor Swift example and that is going to make sense to everyone at home.

What is this mean?

What are you talking about please just explain it to me?

She's a riddle.

She's like the Cheshire cat.

You're never- You're not going to understand that.

All right well if you're listening to this and you get what - What Lissler is saying, Please write to me and tell me what it is.

Please.

I have no idea what to- Don't fail me now.

What?

These people?

That's right.

Hahaha.

All right guys well it's time for our final feature here on the show.

Let's do a little something that we call what am I thinking ?

♪ Ohhh.

All right it's time to play what am I thinking?

And we all know this is played so we don't even need to talk about it.

All right so let's go with Marissa and Lissler.

Why don't we go with you guys okay?

So since we all know how it's played go ahead.

It's been a long time since I've played this game.

Oh you want me to explain it?

I just do, I'd say a word right?

You get a word yeah.

I did it, I got it.

You just think separately of a word.

Okay.

Any word in English language or a thing.

It can be two words like Bugs Bunny.

Okay.

You know and then you say three, two, one and then you each say your word.

Our own word.

Your own word.

Okay.

Then you're going to try to find out whatever word that those two words have in common.

Gotcha.

And then say three, two, one and say those words.

Eventually you'll say the same word.

Okay I was just stalling.

Okay let's go.

All right here we go.

You each have a word or you locked in?

Mm-hmm locked in.

Yes loaded.

All right here we go.

I'm interested to see Lissler what words come out of your brain.

It's going to be really weird.

Yeah all right here we go.

I'm facing forward.

And I'm not.

All right here we go and we say it together.

Three, two, one.

Eggplant.

Eggplant and turt.

All right eggplant and turt.

Okay okay all right what are those having common?

Common.

Those have in common.

Why did you think of turt?

Can I just ask you that first thing I'm on my?

Really?

Do you have issues in that regard or?

Some people that's how I describe some people.

Oh okay some people.

That's right.

Like who?

Who if I say the word turd who what image possibly?

Immediately Osama bin Laden.

No.

That dude's dead.

I don't think about him anymore.

Okay turd what do you think?

Who are you thinking of?

The guy Harry that works at HairWorks.

Oh.

Who gave you that haircut?

He wouldn't give me this haircut.

And so you had to threaten him?

He refused and I had to do it myself.

Did you cross those tips yourself?

Yeah that's amazing.

How do you get it?

Oh it's nice.

It's an ombre.

It's a son in to get that.

It's an ombre that's true.

Okay so.

Anyone else?

Anyone to name anyone else?

Sure who's another turd?

Rajifa.

Who's Rajifa?

The guy that runs the 7-11.

Oh.

He's a real turd.

You're just pissed off at him because you broke that slushy machine.

A drink of slushies.

Wait how did you break it?

I drink a lot of slushies.

I brought it 7-11.

I brought in my I brought it in.

Your own cup from home.

An egg-blue cooler to fill up with slushy.

Oh okay.

And apparently you can't let it run for longer than five minutes.

Oh right I did not know that about a slushy machine.

Yeah she's got a lot of trouble for that.

Freezes up somehow.

Yeah.

How much did it cost you to pay for that didn't you?

It's only 79 cents every 16 hours.

How about half better to pay for the machine?

What did you broke it?

How much did you have to pay for it?

They rent those things.

Then I said, Broke you!

Rajifa was ran out and he was pissed off at me.

I was like hey you're turd.

So now when we walk past there we have to cross the street and he goes crazy on you.

And now I have to get my camel filter list from other places.

Oh I thought okay.

I wondered why you were talking about camel's energy.

Might have been having a flashback.

Yeah.

Okay so you're let's get back to the game.

You have turd and you have eggplant.

Think of your words.

Are you locked in with whatever word could be the combination between those?

Stop waving your fingers like that please.

No one's ever going to understand that.

Okay ready.

Here we go.

Ready and three two one.

Tear drop.

Color and tear drop.

I would tear drop be the combination of eggplant and turd.

They both have a tear drop shape.

Okay.

I don't know that turds have.

Not all turds have tear drop shapes.

I mean diarrhea I think has the kind of splatter that a tear drop maybe would.

Or at least rain.

A turd sometimes comes out with a heavy bottom and a little tiny top.

Right?

And you pinch it off.

Oh my god.

Oh boy.

I'm so sorry.

I brought this.

I brought this to the studio.

Yeah why did you bring her?

You never talked about it.

I don't know what I was thinking.

I don't understand.

Well I'm not allowed to leave school during the day.

I'm really turned on me though.

Because in the beginning you were bringing me up like a mentor.

Like you were feeling really proud to have me by your side.

And by the end of this.

You just revealed a lot of private stuff about me.

I wasn't.

Well that's what I told.

That's what we talked about yesterday morning when I went over.

When was that?

When we were in a yelp play.

Before after the cocoon.

Marissa after the cocoon before the yelp play.

And I said this is going to be different.

It's going to be a new level of our relationship.

And I need you to not break.

Because that's what happened when your dad left.

Oh my god.

Why would you bring this up?

And that's what life is.

It's a series of moments for you to be stronger.

She's referring to a crepa mural I did about my dad's departure.

What how did your dad leave?

I can't talk about it.

I'm never going to speak about it.

It's going to be like twin peaks.

You'll find out the final episode.

Yeah well I did but maybe another way of asking is have you ever been behind a barrel of a sniper rifle?

I can't think of another way to ask that question but what were the circumstances if your dad's departure?

I can't tell you that.

We found out earlier by the way.

Stop she's doing my hand thing again and I don't know what it means.

Fingers.

Four fingers waving.

Just like the winds of the sands.

All right.

We found out who killed Laura Palmer before the final episode by the way.

I do want- I don't know.

I'm 15.

That's an old-person show.

All right.

Color and- Color and teardrop.

Teardrop.

All right.

This might be easy.

Color and teardrop.

Okay.

Here we go.

Are you ready?

Do you have something locked in?

Yes.

All right.

Lisler, you ready?

But try to really play it.

Just don't say something weird.

Lisler.

I was really playing.

Lisler please stop- We could be here forever is my point.

Please.

This is my fucked up mind.

When you get angry by the way, you're rubbing intensifies on me and I really don't appreciate that.

I kind of think- Don't sit so close to me.

You're going to feel a chafing.

You're going to see a rash when we leave here.

When these mics turn off and you turn around, you're going to wish you'd done it a lot sooner.

I'm going to wait for you to leave.

If it takes an hour and a half, so be it.

I know there's a show coming up after me, but I don't care.

We'll talk on those mics too.

All right.

So teardrop in color.

Here we go.

Ready?

Locked in and- Three, two, one, clear.

Did you both say clear?

No.

I said no.

She said blue.

Oh, you said blue?

Yeah.

Okay.

It sounded like clear to me.

Okay.

Blue and clear.

Clear and blue.

Interesting.

All right.

Clear and blue.

I can think of things that are clear and blue at the same time.

All right.

Here we go.

Okay.

Locked in.

Yes.

All right.

And- Three, two, one, water.

Ocean.

No.

What are you- You were about to say the right thing and then you said- Give it to me because you started with the word water when we started on three.

And one thing I don't do is cheat.

I didn't cheat.

Ocean and water.

We're going to be here forever.

I'm telling you.

We're never going to leave.

Read my mind.

She did- Stop weaving your fingers.

She did the finger thing again.

Okay.

Wait.

Ocean and water.

I don't know.

I should disqualify you, but I'm kind of fascinated to see where this goes.

All right.

Ocean and water.

All right.

Oh, she doesn't want her.

Ready?

Three.

Two.

One.

Fingers.

Okay.

I'm calling this off.

This is too weird.

You thrust your fingers in front of Marissa's face.

I just- I may.

I'm going to read them.

Honestly, I'm rethinking the gifted program.

I really am.

I might go back upstairs.

Please tell your parents where you're at.

I'm going to.

Tell your classmates.

I'm going to.

They'll listen to this in a couple of weeks.

And then- If they are listening to this- You probably won't see her ever again.

Yeah. If you're listening to this, there's something strange going on in that basement.

You know.

I mean, the free yogurt's not enough at a certain point.

Is that how you entice them down to the basement?

Free yogurt.

Yeah.

An unlimited slushies that she has to re-freeze in our mini fridge.

Is that how hard that is to scoop some out of?

Because I have to cook.

A cooler.

And then she puts it back.

Because a slushy is a tiny piece of ice.

So I have to freeze each piece of ice individually.

Why can't you just do it in the cooler?

Because then it would be a hard block.

Okay.

All right. Well, that's how you play.

What am I thinking, I guess?

It's not really how you play.

But we did play it.

So- You played it.

All right. Well, there's only one last thing to do for the show.

And that's a little something called plugs.

Everybody clap your hands and get ready to plug.

Here's a man, Scott Ocherman.

He'll plug for A is who has no shame.

I'm a fan and I know it's the best point of the show.

It's time in the plot, one on the map.

So that's true.

It's time to show how you feel.

All right.

Now it's time to discover.

Talk your life.

It's a plot song.

In the up here.

It's a plot song.

And I'll see you at the movies.

All right. That was magical thinking with Get Out of My Dreams and Into My Plugs.

Parentheses.

It's a plug song.

I actually do all parentheses because it's Get Out of My Dreams, parentheses, and Into My Plugs.

And parentheses begin parentheses again.

It's a plug song in parentheses that is by magical thinking .

Thanks so much for those.

If you have a plugs theme for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial plug section, please write to us at earwolf.com, put it in the appropriate thread on our message board.

And here we go.

This is the time where both of you can plug any projects you have coming up.

Marissa, I know you have a lot of things going on.

Yeah, a lot of things going on.

Well, I'm going to be doing jumping on my horses.

I don't think it's called that.

Yeah, it is.

It's called Steeple Chase or something.

It is whatever it is I'm going to be doing.

It's a massage.

I'm going to be doing some massage.

And Miss Lister will be there to help me dress.

Yes, she helps me with all the finer points.

I dress the horse.

And she dresses the horse.

What do you dress the horse like?

Is that all?

Anglids.

Anglids, okay.

You oil a lot of the leather up, some one of your favorite parts.

And I'm going to be getting out of the gifted class.

So by the next time you see me, I'll probably be out of that.

Good.

I hope to see you on a more regular basis.

Yeah, I think that's better.

I think we need some structure.

I need some structure.

I'm not going to be signing your account.

Okay, I understand.

I think all you would do is just turn around and give it to Lisler here.

Probably.

I'm worried that you...

You probably shove it right up over to China, let's be honest.

Oh boy.

I would make what would make you think that.

I don't know.

I just feel like that's where it's going.

Yeah, okay.

All right, Lisler.

Just show me like a teach me a lesson.

Lisler, do you have anything to plug?

I do have to preface this by saying I'm going to be calling the authorities.

The minute you leave.

All right.

Seems a little forward.

Bringing you to their attention.

But forward.

I don't think that that's me wooing you at all calling the authorities.

Moving closer to me as you speak.

Okay, so Lisler, anything in your mind that you want to plug that you may have coming up before the authorities catch you?

My family history will be coming out in about seven years.

In about on about 1700 to singles.

Well, I'm going to be sending it just to Random House.

Do you mean Random Houses?

Yeah, Random Houses.

Both of those.

Just to get us test.

I want to just get a sampling of the population how they respond.

Yeah.

To the stories of my grandmother and my aunts.

Yeah, what were some of their stories by the way?

Just about the tough stuff they've endured and...

What's the toughest thing?

Just give us a little sneak preview.

What's the toughest thing that they've endured?

Well, my aunt, you know, the sister of my mother who went through menopause at 22.

She was a legend in the cockfighting circuit.

Oh, wow.

She moved to...

Down in Tijuana?

Yeah, she moved to Tijuana.

Well, is that a small impoverished town next to Tijuana?

Oh, smaller and more impoverished than Tijuana.

Yes.

Well, this was probably back in 1973, 74.

And Tijuana hadn't come into its own.

Right.

And she ended up being murdered by a bunch of chickens.

Oh, can you call that murder or is it just more of a...

Picked it up.

It is when you are...

She was picked to death.

Yeah, you put...

When it's deserved.

It was one of those things where, you know...

A revenge peck.

If you cross someone, then they will put you in an iron box and fill it with chickens.

And then, you know...

Oh, okay.

So she was murdered by someone putting her in there.

Right.

I understand.

Right.

Arrival.

Oh, so it was a rival cockfighter.

That's right.

Okay.

Not some sort of gang that she had crossed.

Or someone she owed money to him.

No, neither of those things.

Okay.

And anything coming up, are you ever going to be...

Maybe have anyone in your crosshairs coming up or...

See, she tried to get you again.

To try to get you again.

Go return to your old line of work.

You know what?

If I'm in prison because of you, there will become a day where I will be released.

And I do have, you know, things at my disposal.

And a long memory.

That's right.

Wow.

I...

You know, I hope that that day does not come.

Me too.

No, the day where you're released.

Not the day...

I hope the day that you go into prison.

I hope the day that you don't call the people is coming right now.

I'm getting confused.

No, Miss Lisler, we are going to be doing a special project on a new show that's coming up.

Oh, you are?

On NBC.

Oh, okay.

I want to hear about this.

Yeah, sure.

It's called Best Friends Forever.

It was inspired by my true life stories.

Yeah, we mentioned that.

You think that that's inspired by your story.

Yes.

Do you have a friend like that or is it about Lisler?

No, I have a friend like that.

My very best friend, my childhood best friend.

And so they've been reading my blog that hasn't been released yet to the internet.

How are they reading it?

Who knows?

I mean, they've got ways to get in.

Is it on a secret internet?

Cookies on your desktop, they get in there.

Okay.

So, yeah.

That makes sense.

But we're going to be watching it and we're going to be live tweeting it, right?

Oh, okay.

This there and I.

I will be.

So...

Now this will be the third episode coming up.

Second episode.

No, this will be the...

Third episode.

This will be the third.

I don't understand radio time.

All right, it's going to be the third episode Wednesday nights at 8.30.

Wednesday at 8.30 and you guys are going to...

You are both on Twitter or...

Yeah, we're going to live tweet it.

The two of us.

And what are your...

What are...

Everyone on Twitter has a fake name.

Yes.

Marissa, what is your fake name on Twitter?

I go under Jessica, underscore St. Clair.

Okay, great.

Which I stole from a bunch of porn stars.

Okay.

And Lisler, what do you go?

I just put a bunch of jumble words together and it's at Lin and P.

Parham.

Okay, great.

So people can see that Wednesday at 8.30 is at New York time Eastern as well as Pacific.

Yes, they're both.

And then mountains and...

And central.

You can go fuck the stuff.

You can just...

Well, that's a great show.

Best friends forever.

So I'm excited that you guys have taken an interest.

Marissa, it's nice to see you taking an interest in another project.

Yeah, I mean, I need something who can connect me to the real world at this point.

Are you going to be in the same room while you...

While you live tweet this or are you going to be in separate?

I hope to God that you're in separate abodes.

Where are we going to be sleeping outside or window?

To be sleeping outside.

I kind of hope that they've taken your phone away and you 're in custody quite frankly.

So we'll see.

I'm sweet from my computer that's not hooked up to the internet.

All right, I just want to plug...

We go get comedy bang bang t-shirts.

They're great.

They're really...

What am I trying to say about these t-shirts?

You've seen the t-shirts.

They're great.

They're fantastic.

They're form fitting.

You could...

Slaves and a neck hole is sleep.

They've got a great...

T-shirts.

...work.

They've got a great neck hole.

I think the internet's been ablaze about that.

So if you want to see something with a really great neck hole...

Please stop saying that.

And then we also want to thank our sponsor, Rachel Hadaway.

Rachel, thank you so much for sponsoring.

If you want to sponsor the show or earwolf itself, sponsor the studio for a day.

Go head on over to earwolf.com and click on that.

And Rachel, something special is coming over to you.

And I want to plug the Comedy Bang Bang TV show coming out June 8th.

Yeah.

8th, we will see you on IFC.

Can I be an intern on that as well?

On that show?

So the woman has already passed.

I would love for you to be on it.

I'll be on it while tearing.

Okay, that's a little strange.

Oh, that's her fan mail.

Sort of pippin' style.

Yeah, yeah.

She's gonna be in the...

Yeah, I'll just be in the wings.

The lobby.

All right, well, that's it for our show.

Thank you so much, Marissa, for coming by.

Thank you for having me.

Lissler, this is where we part company.

You sure?

Is it?

Doesn't have to be.

That's it.

All right, we'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye-bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio, boom.

Dogom.

The Wolf Dead.
