---
layout: page
title: 155. Patton Oswalt,Chris Tallman [12355⧸21039].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

We are closing out our third year of comedy bang bang here with a very special treat for the fans patent Oswald who you know from ratatouille from young adult he has agreed to come in here and sit down for an exclusive.

Mono a mono one on one interview you fans of pat and are gonna love it you're gonna hear things that you've never heard before we are not gonna bar any holds.

We're the things that we're holding we're gonna push it forward we're not gonna hold it back all of that and more on today's.

♪♪♪ Too weird to live too rare to die and too legit to quit.

Yes welcome to comedy bang bang thank you very much that catchphrase submission by the way by Armando 13 thank you Armando appreciate that if you have a catchphrase submission go on into earwolf.com and go ahead and leave that in our message boards under the appropriate thread.

And we are here is a lovely Saturday afternoon I'm doing a little last minute show I've been very busy the past couple of weeks and a wonderful wonderful weather here and Saturday afternoon and you're listening to this on Monday I bet because.

You know that's when we really see it I'm just kind of st alling while we wait for our wonderful guest to walk into the door but let me tell you about what I've been doing this past couple of weeks because I want you to start getting excited about it okay I've been doing the comedy bang bang TV show.

All going great all the sudden and opportunity boom out of the blue comes up so I just directed my first television show which I'm very excited about and this is this may be the first time you're hearing about it because I don't think the announcement is coming out until today.

But May 6 May 6 Comedy Central you're going to see a little thing called between two ferns a fairy tale of New York between two ferns a fairy tale of New York this is happening right before the comedy awards which air of course May 6 that 9pm 8 central and this will be at 8 30 pm or 730 central yeah so yeah we did a half hour special between two ferns special we interviewed Tina Fey John Stewart and Sir Richard Branson.

Yeah not a bad list not a bad list did a whole half hour special of it and I sat in the director's chair and boy I tell you my favorite word in the English language is action .

Oh I just love it my favorite word is action you know my least favorite word is cut.

I hate the word cut I just hate it you know what you know what other words I hate I hate company rap I hate cut and I hate company rap I just hate those words because I just love art to continue.

In any case that look for that on Comedy Central May 6 between two ferns a fairy tale of New York and right before the comedy awards and I think you're going to enjoy that and while I was rambling away our incredible guest just walked into the studio.

You may have heard the door open and then close and what happened during that is he walked inside that door.

Yes hi.

That was while this here hang on limit.

No yeah that's what happened I thought I you left some out but no that's what I did now you just walk right in the door and I close it behind me.

I'm glad that you added that that you added that I was polite enough to.

I wasn't raising a barn I know how to close the door close the barn door close the I would that's that was my only job they only let me close the barn doors you were raised outside of the barn.

Yes I was in the barn many times I would visit the barn and I was actually kind of sad I would look in at everyone else doing chores and then I would just slowly close the door and I would just see a little sliver.

Oh yeah just like a godfather.

Yeah like a guy grabbing a bucket or a similar and then that was it and then yeah I would just go play Atari 2600.

And how did that make you feel.

By the way we're here with an exclusive mono a mono one on one interview with that.

Yes yeah and.

Oh man how did that make you feel so much to talk about I do want to talk about your childhood of course we're going to get to that because in my opinion an artist yeah kind of figures out that they want to be an artist when they're growing up.

Yeah and it sneaks up on you there are moments that you look back on.

God there's some stuff I've actually never really talked about that.

Yeah yeah yeah well we're going to talk about I want to get there but we want to tell people who maybe aren't familiar with your work and who among us is not.

You know I mean that is that's people crazy that I would would even suggest that someone is unfamiliar with your work.

Okay yeah I thought you said never mind yes who among us especially between when you say who among us you mean you and me.

That's true.

Yeah of course we're very very familiar with my work.

But let me set up who you are of course you're one of America's finest stand up comedians you've been in the biz that's short for business that's business talk for business .

Well the biz is super short for show business that's how it 's shortened we make it now.

We used to say show biz yeah that was good enough for about 50 years.

2012 snuck up on us and everyone you got iPhones I don't time to say show biz you know drop that syllable.

So here in the biz you have been doing comedy if I get the dates wrong please forgive me but I feel like you've been doing it 25 years now.

It will be actually wait a minute it will be 20 years no it 'll be 20 wait a minute if I start.

Oh my god it's going to be 26 years in July.

26 years.

You've been doing it since you were a young man.

Very young man and a teenager I did this in a teenager.

Yeah 14 years old I was.

You're turning 40 busy here from what I.

14 years yeah exactly I would I would finish our den leader would finish the session and drive me downtown to an open mic.

It was part of my merit badge that's how I started was a boy scout.

But you're one of America's greatest stand up comedians you 're looked at as the pinnacle the top.

The apex of the mountain and the highest you can you can go in terms of stand up comedy.

But then okay that wasn't enough for you.

No you know you were like okay.

I got that yeah been there something lonely at the top man and a moving target doesn't get bored that's how I started thinking of it.

That's right.

You know it is lonely at the top because so many people are down below you and they haven't reached you yet.

Exactly.

Like now maybe you'd be at the top and Louis C.K. is up there at the top and you'd have some.

They'd be also there you can't be Louie would be up there sir Silverman.

But back in the back of the day you're the only one.

Oh it was her it was me and Sinbad.

It was just hard to get a conversation going.

Not even the comedians Sinbad that was a little weird it was weird it was the actual sailor would be up there.

That was not enough for you you branched out into writing.

I branched out even more famously into acting.

Yes you were on King of Queens you had Ratatouille young adult just came out back in December.

Which you acted into much acclaim.

I acted into acclaim.

I acted my way into acclaim.

That was my goal.

Into a claim jump.

I took a claim acting clinic with Essa path from Ferguson down on a fountain where she teaches you to specifically act towards a claim.

It's amazing.

So now you're a triple threat.

You're a writer.

You're a comedian.

You're an actor.

You may be from what you told me in the email exchange that we had leading up here.

You have a fourth threat that you're just about to bust out .

We'll get to that of course later.

Yes.

You have a surprising announcement of a new career path.

Yeah.

From what I understand.

But we'll get to that at the end of the interview.

Oh yeah.

Let's lead up to it.

This is just beginning Patton because I want to start.

I don't know how to do this.

Do I do it in a Rashomon kind of fashion where I go back round?

Is that what you're jumping round?

Do we have an unreliable narrator?

You know what?

What I think I want to do is I want to start at the beginning.

Okay.

Let's start at the beginning.

All right.

So now Patton you were born in Virginia.

Is that right?

Hold on.

Hey.

I was thinking we could play a nickel back right now.

Hey.

Sorry.

Who are you?

I'm Mark.

We're not met?

No, no, no, we haven't met.

No, no, no, no.

Oh, sorry.

Hey.

Why would we have met?

I do.

I'm Mark Van Drio.

Mark Van Drio?

You stuck an L?

You stuck at your hand to shake it and then you turned it into a fist bomb.

Yeah.

So I was shaking a fist bomb.

I'm in charge of marketing here.

I can't pound it.

I'm shaking it.

Oh, all right.

And how are you?

Who are you?

Patton Oswalt.

Hey, Patton.

Mark, who?

Mark Van Drio.

I'm in charge of marketing here at Earwolf.

This is the last one of the third season.

And so I'm just kind of coming in, seeing what we can do and make some awesome changes to turn this sinking ship into a love boat.

So what we could do now is that- You work for Earwolf?

Well, that's weird because I thought Scott would know if you wouldn't you know if he- I don't know if we do.

I don't know.

We do a lot of hiring.

We do a lot of personnel.

A lot of personnel.

A lot of HR goes on.

A lot of changes coming up.

A lot of exciting changes.

I'm just going to need to find out, do you have like a passport or anything like that?

You're going to need a copy of that?

Oh, shit.

This can all.

I'm in the middle of a show.

Right.

And I was listening out there and it is- Let me tell you, this is some super funny skits.

Well, it's not supposed to be funny.

We're hits.

Yeah, we're- We are cracking up out there.

Why would you be cracking up?

I'm just asking Patton about his history as an artist.

Right.

And I think people want to hear that, but they also want to hear the hits.

So, you know, I'm thinking right now we could get into a Nickelback brought to you by Coca-Cola.

America's premier caffeinated carbonated.

Do you play music?

I don't think you play music on Earwulf.

I mean, I play comedy songs.

I know, I listen to all the shows.

Do any of the shows play music?

Yeah, that's a strange request.

I don't play the hits.

I don't play- Well, Earwulf, we play the hits.

Wait a minute.

When we play the hits?

Yeah.

And it's great because of the internet, so we're not going to pay any kind of royalty or anything like that.

Sorry, you said that, do you said that, Scott, like you were expecting a reaction from him?

Are you testing a new phrase out on it?

Well, I'm thinking right now you're probably peeing yourself with joy.

Well, no, my mouth is a gape a little.

I don't think I have any kind of urinary- Hey!

That's you, not me.

You said that, not me.

Yeah, I said my mouth is a gape.

Whatever.

All right, I get it.

What do you do that's not, that's not, are you, you think it's some sort of euphemism?

What do you guys think about this cologne?

Take a deep puff.

I'm going to lean in and give you some money.

I don't need to take a deep, I didn't want to be mean and we smelled it when it hit us.

Yeah.

What is that?

Did it precede me?

I think, I went to the front of the radius around you.

Yeah, it did precede you.

I went to high school in the 80s and a lot of the jocks were that Drakarn Noir, some east-stank, is that what you're, not, I don't even mean to say stink, but are you literally wearing Drakarn Noir right now?

Drakarn midnight Noir.

Oh, new fragrance.

Yeah.

And sort of like, you know, when a vampire appears, first there's that thick layer of fog that kind of creeps along the floor.

I didn't know that had a smell.

Well does now.

Oh, is this also for people who go out after midnight?

Is it sort of like Baywatch nights?

Midnight is when I'm just finishing putting on my self-tan ner.

Oh, okay.

Oh.

And then we go out.

Oh, yeah.

So why do you have it on right now?

Yeah.

Well, because it's Saturday, right?

Oh, okay.

So you were out last night.

Well, yeah, and I have to come in here and make sure the monkeys don't burn down the house, you know what I'm saying?

Is that an expression?

You said it like it was an expression.

That sounds a little weird.

We play the hits.

I did notice it smells a little like Drakkar, nor mixed with like semen and blood.

I got some stank on the head down last night, Cheryl.

I have a really strong nose so I can pick out.

Yeah.

It's a thick.

What were you up to last night that there's blood and semen mixed with your Drakkar?

Well, first rule.

That's the thirst for that coppery.

There's blood.

I'm smelling blood.

Yeah.

It's just underneath these pants.

Oh, God.

Should I though?

I don't know.

It just seems where the ewids splash on Drakkar.

And you're clearly wearing this bespoke.

How much is that suit you're wearing?

That looks very expensive.

Well, more than your eyes.

I didn't know.

Is that an expression too?

Is that another expression?

We're making a lot of changes.

Usually it's like more than your whole like more than you make any more than your house.

But that seems very specific.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, let's spend some minute work and then we will come back and talk about how.

How would that even give it?

Why would we?

I mean, that.

Flashing back to the 80s only with earwolf.

Everyone flashes back to the 80s.

Why does earwolf have to do it?

Well, they can kiss the pole.

They don't even flash back.

Anyway, they just have they literally just like hamster dam on the wire.

Remember they did a whole section of the city just people could use drugs.

No, they've now done whole stations.

Okay.

We're going to put all the 80s songs over here on this one station and just let them roam free.

Yeah.

They keep them off the other stations.

Are you trying to say that no one knows what his references ?

You're not coming in here to talk about.

Just a couple things.

First of all, let's let's have less references.

Everybody knows this thing called the wire and we're supposed to watch it.

But you know what we really love?

You know what we really love?

Everybody loves Raymond.

Let's watch more of that show.

Let's watch the entire season of that show.

I think everyone already did.

Yeah.

It's all insanely popular.

Hey, well then let's get them on here.

Huh?

Let's have everybody loves Raymond the podcast.

Well, I mean, you get them.

I'm sorry, get the cast of a successful sitcom.

Super available.

Back to get well.

Are you some dead?

Yeah, I think one of them died and also why would they get two?

No, two polygrams.

Not with two pack.

We can bring that guy back in here.

Oh, Peter Bell, I'll agree.

Well, that is the natural follow up to two packs.

See, everybody says I'm more about marketing, but I'm really good with creative as well.

I think I could move into this.

I could help you.

Do you have?

Oh, God, there is nothing scary than an executive that goes , hey, I'm creative too.

I'm funny too.

Well, so right.

Welcome to Mark Van Dreels, County Bang Bang with your co- host, Scottie Hall.

Scottie Hall?

Scottie Hall.

First of all, I'm just going to skip past the fact that all of a sudden it's your show.

But did you get a little weird?

You said it.

Not me.

You said it.

Okay.

I also said my mouth's a gaping.

It sounds like a George Slatter thing.

George Slatters.

That guy.

Rowan and Martins.

That guy turned this world around.

Everything is now the way it is because of George Slatter.

We're inside of his matrix right now, by the way.

Interesting.

Look, hey, Mark, your name was?

Mark Van Dreels.

Do you draw a paycheck from Earwolf?

Well, what it is is I've been hired by a subsidiary corporation and we are going to come in and make some changes where you're going to turn this thing around.

The rats are jumping off of this slave ship.

Scott, do you, I'm sorry, Earwolf has subsidiaries?

I guess.

Why would a subsidiary send someone in here to change whatever the parent company?

That really seems backward.

I knew Earwolf's parent company was General Mills.

Here we go.

Oh, so you're from General Mills?

You're not from one of our subsidiaries.

You're from General Mills.

Magicly delicious.

Okay.

Lucky leprechaun?

Want to hear the leprechaun?

No, Lucky the leprechaun.

Oh, Lucky.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm sorry.

This sounds like something you just have a lot of pattern worked out and it's very suspicious.

Is this like something that you do?

Let me just guess.

I'm going to make a little stab in the dark here.

You voted for Obama?

Let me just.

Oh, boy.

I'm going to get into other companies to, quote unquote, like turn it around.

This is a mercy mission.

I'm going to do.

Is this something you've done?

No, we weren't in a mercy mission this time.

As far as I know, Earwolf is a pretty successful company.

Yeah, it's really great.

We're one of the top podcasts.

Oh, yeah, that's great.

You know, for everybody to be sitting in front of their computers and listening to something for free, that's fine.

But you know what this is?

Revenue generation.

Every time we mention Taco Bell and the delicious new S esame Chulupa, we get, you know, $0.50 on the dollar for that.

How does that work?

Where's the Sesame?

You mean like little Sesame seeds on the Chulupa?

Well, that's what we can brainstorm right now.

Would they have any come up with a product?

We're pushing a product that we also have to create.

Hey, you know what?

Taco Bell is really changed.

That's like beyond synergy at this point.

They just, they have their sponsors make up their products and then they have to follow it.

That's crazy.

I mean, I guess I'm not that averse to it.

I mean, we could sit here and brainstorm some Taco Bell products.

Like some new balance shoes right now.

We could put those up on the websites.

Well, let's talk about the Taco Bell products.

Patton, is it well?

If you were creating a Taco Bell product, I know they have that new Doritos shell, which someone apparently drove 75, or someone that they made up drove 75 miles or so because there wasn't a Taco Bell in his immediate area.

So there's a commercial where they make up someone who, who , and they shoot a documentary style.

What?

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

Tony grabbed all his friends.

They invented a story where a guy drives 75 miles to get this horrible new.

Who would think of a dumb commercial like that?

Like where?

Yeah.

Sounds like genius.

Sounds like somebody's using his noodle to get some cash into the kaboodle.

It did make me kind of kind of interesting.

Sorry, Scott, do you see how that kind of rhymed?

No, I missed that.

All right.

What rhyme?

Which words rhymed?

It just noodle and kaboodle.

I'm sorry.

Oh yeah, it does do rhyme.

It's a trick.

It's called running patterns.

It's a great way to get Tang.

What?

What are you?

No, it's just, you know, running patterns.

You know, you use a lot of flower imagery.

It gets a lady to sort of think of you as a, you know, a gardener that's going to help the literature.

I'm sorry.

People listening, you can't see this right now.

He has his blackberry in front of him on the table and literally he is getting, you've gotten a text message every, I would say 20 seconds.

Oh, is that what that vibration is?

Well, I'm just trying to keep my attention.

Yeah, but it's like, are you, how many different companies are you working on?

It seems like, well, General Mills has a lot of different hands.

You know, there's a, there's paramilitary.

There's, you know, working with a homeless.

There's all kinds of different sauces.

Yeah, we were wondering when they bought us out, we were kind of like, I was a little real mils, but you guys, yeah, yeah, we were, we were a little uncomfortable with some of the sort of thing pies that they have their fingers in, you know what I mean?

You kept out really quiet.

Yeah, super quiet.

I mean, we're not proud of it.

But wait a second.

Let me go back.

You, you said very again, very casually you said paramilitary and then helping the homeless.

Right.

So are you, but are you the, as your job seems to be going and punching things up, making them new, making them fresh, are you punching up and making fresh working with the homeless?

Are like, is that one of your jobs?

Well, what is the number one problem with the homeless?

They don't have homes.

Yeah.

No, they are looking to be in a fight, but have nowhere to go.

So what we do is we put them into a barrack in some sort of Middle Eastern area.

We give them, you know, a focus and a picture and we send them out and they work for America.

Now they have an employment.

How, I'm sorry, how are they working for America?

A picture of what?

Yeah, it sounds like racial profile.

Yeah.

And how does America get generate revenue from homeless people being trained to fight?

Wow.

Where have you been?

Why don't you tell me where I've been?

Because I'm very confused.

Yeah.

As far as I know, the wars are costing the US billions and billions.

If not, I don't know, zillions.

Are you sending the homeless out into the Middle East to fight or are you sending them out into America to fight?

I'm confused.

Sorry, that was not clear.

Oh, no.

If it was within the US border, that would be completely illegal.

Okay.

But the world itself is a hodgepodge of, you know, random sloths.

As far as I'm concerned, this world has no borders.

Oh, God.

Okay.

Again, this is, see, this is the, this is the end of the spectrum where hardcore liberalism and hardcore conservatism meet.

And that's what I don't like.

I don't like when they start sharing.

You think that I'm a hardcore liberal?

You are crazy hardcore liberal.

Well, just, I mean, just because I think that anyone who ever fires a gun should be executed.

Yeah.

Buy a gun.

Finish this sentence.

Scott, finish this sentence.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, yeah.

I said, hey.

What's going on?

Case in point.

Look at that guy.

He knows that.

Wait, you know that song.

He knows that song is a piece of evidence to drive you into the coffin.

Wait, but you're asking us to play Men at Work and Nickel back.

Yeah.

Great songs.

But they're not conservative songs.

Yeah, they're not necessarily men at work.

What are they doing?

Generating revenue.

That is, you know what?

That's hard to argue with.

Yeah, but Nickelback, you're giving money to someone.

You're giving money to the government.

Give me my Nickelback.

Okay.

I guess you have a point.

Oh, that's a pretty sad.

I wouldn't run on that as your tax refund thing if I will give you all a little bit of money to all in Nickelback.

Yeah.

Hey, that's a great plan.

Well, now, who are you?

I mean, obviously, are you for Romney in the upcoming election?

Are you?

Well, it's sort of like the John Kerry situation that you poor sad bastards had to run into a couple of years ago.

Yeah.

I mean, Mitt Romney basically is our, he's our seabote, you know, and we're going to take him out there and hopefully nobody will sink him.

If I had to be honest right now, you guys got four more years.

You got four more years.

Yeah.

But that's fine.

But you know, that's, that is, that's called real politic.

I don't think it even matters because I think the government is a corporation anyway that see, you know, like it's just a puppet on a string who's sitting there in the, and, you know, but who's everybody's favorite puppet?

Pinocchio, who became a real boy after he devoted himself to sensible, conservative, fiscal marketing.

Well, he did go on Donkey Island though.

Oh yeah.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

What's the real real life equivalent?

What's the political and economic equivalent of Donkey Island?

You're talking about like when the cat in the fox to a very radical, but smart thinking of self starters, small businesses in America who said, let 's take these children and bring them to a place where they can get something done.

Sure.

Right.

So obviously that is.

I don't.

Yeah.

I'm very confused.

Donkey Island is.

Well, that's Detroit.

We're turning that city around.

How are you turning Detroit around?

It's just to Eminem and his great work that he's doing with the different American people.

I don't think that he's doing anything.

He's propping anything up out there.

He did a commercial.

Yeah, exactly.

And so now we own him.

Have you seen the paperwork?

I'm sorry.

You own Eminem.

I don't.

Excuse me.

I don't see.

That's what I've been saying is the government owns us and the fact that we pay taxes is all just so.

So part of the Detroit bailout is the government got ownership of Eminem.

That was part of the trade off.

Anybody.

Anybody who works these days is a stooge.

You're sucking on mommy's big fat teeth to get me some of that money.

What I've been saying is anyone who gets a tax rebate, that is like accepting an offer from the government to be their slave.

Well, that's why I don't take any tax rebates.

The government doesn't have slaves anymore.

Abraham Lincoln saw it to that.

I think that's a great thing.

But aren't we all just really slaves when you think about it though?

You know what I'm saying?

That's why I want to get you in here and get your slave brain working the right way, Scotty.

But you're a slave too, aren't you?

I work outside the system.

I would say I'm more of a slave trader.

Okay.

If that makes any sense.

Like, you know, like if there's, you know, and also I'm uncomfortable with the word slaves because it has a certain racial association and I'm not about that.

I'm not about that.

So let's just call them fucking monkeys.

So you're saying that you are, I love, I love your wording that you say, I'm not for racial discrimination.

I am for changing the terminology so that it seems like I'm not for racial discrimination.

Exactly, exactly right.

I don't know about fucking monkeys.

And also I don't know if that was Martin Luther King's dream.

Because I dream that we can change the actual wording so that we'll be more comfortable.

I still want to be slaves.

Yeah, could we just change it to something with monkey?

Yeah, could we call ourselves work warriors?

Could we just call ourselves that?

That guy would have been a genius with children's toy marketing.

Martin Luther King?

Oh sure, I have a dream where black children and white children all watch Dor the Explorer and buy her sneakers.

Come on.

So you're saying he was what his dream was was to get the widest demographic possible?

I don't want to put words in his mouth, but just, you know, he knows how to make a dollar.

All right, Mark, I, I, why don't we take a break when I, when we come back, I'm hoping you're not here because I seriously got derailed with Patton.

I apologize about this.

No, it's okay.

I'm just, I'm very confused as to why General Mills would buy a podcast network where the whole point of podcasting is it's given away for free.

Although, okay, I'm sorry, Mark just perked up.

Let's take the break.

I think he's going to tell us.

Patton, do you want to hype what you're going to talk about in our interview?

Do you want to hype just like something in your past?

Some deep dark secret in your past, like Vanessa Williams just talked about how she was molested.

Do you want to hype anything like that that we can talk about?

I mean, I'll just, I'll just hint at this.

And I'm sure Mark will give me some time to talk about when we come back.

Did you work out Chocula or something?

I'll let you say my, my birth name was not Patton Oswald.

Oh wow, we'll talk about it.

We are going to talk about it with Patton Oswald coming up.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

♪ They get away, grandmother's club is taking a trip to Br anson.

Never been there before, but they seem you to clip.

My uncle Jerry says they're taking a bus.

Greyhound, but they're taking some troops so they ain't taking us.

They'll be stupid in Branson, taking a trip to the galaxy.

Oh, there's nothing with me, it's for the grandma's.

♪ Ah, that is, don't stop her, we'll die with the Getaway Grandmother's Club.

You can see their new video on Funny or Die just released a few days ago.

Fantastic video.

What do I, could we got some level 42 in there or something like that?

Some information society?

I don't even know who, why is level 42 isn't even popular.

I don't know why, not even as a flashback.

People driving around in there, I don't think level 42 is saying pure.

No, they didn't sing, that was your very confused.

I'm so sorry, I'm so embarrassed when I know this, that was information society.

Yeah, pure energy.

You're not making sense right now.

Raddling off things that people would have remember.

Is that how this?

Yeah, I'm sorry.

Let me reset for a second.

This is Scott Ockermann, I'm here with Patton Oswalt.

We're in the middle of an exclusive interview and we're going to get to exactly what Patton's real name is.

But Mark Vendriel, who works for Earwolf now I guess, people come and go here.

I'm so quick.

I'm so quick here as Dorothy said.

I'm sorry, I don't think he works for Earwolf at all.

I have a feeling that you might be working for him not to dampen your spirits.

But I'm sorry, man.

Just Mark, I'm no disrespect to you.

None say it.

But when you, guys who do what you do make me immediately exhausted and angry at the same sense, I'm just going to say that.

Does your penis creep inside your body for a second?

It feels like I don't even have one.

Well, I would agree with that.

I would say between the two of us right now, if there is a lady here, let's say Scott, you're a big lady.

Okay, yeah.

Right now.

Between the two of us, one of us is going to be inside.

So who do you want to put it in and move it around?

I have two of us.

One of us is going to be used.

Oh, no, between me and Pat.

Oh, oh, it's going to be inside me.

Oh, okay.

So I have to choose.

Well, I would love for you to make your cases over who kind of analogy is this, Mark.

I can tell you've been divorced.

Mark, make your case.

Yeah, I can tell you've been divorced and those kids at home have got to eat.

Not true.

But go ahead.

Now look at this ruby ring I wear on my neck.

It is attractive.

It's pretty nice.

And look at that thicket of hair that it's inside.

And you're saying that you would sell the ring or sell your chest hair on like gift of the magi.

I'm saying a lady that was a friend of mine, any time she wanted to come over and get her fingers lost in this serious, narnia, like thicket of chest hair.

Okay.

You know.

Very confusing message, but you have a lot of buzzwords that I'm kind of interested in.

Pat, go ahead.

Make your case.

You're, I'm supposed to, what business class?

Okay.

Just go ahead.

Yeah.

Just fine, fine, fine.

God, this is so creepy.

Scott, we've been friends for a long time.

Yeah.

I will try to be very, if you're a large woman and I'm going to have intercourse with you, I will be attentive and gentle.

But if you want it, anytime you want it to switch hard and fast, I can immediately do that.

Would you choke me at all or?

If, yeah, if you give me the high sign, I can do a little choking.

It's kind of hard for you to reach my neck, because I'm a very large woman.

But I could put, I could reach up, use my forearm though.

It wouldn't be hands-right.

It would be like, I don't necessarily want you to just bash it my neck.

No, no, I wouldn't be smashing your neck.

I'd be pressing it firmly.

I'm pressing it down again.

Just enough against the carotid so you'd kind of black out of it.

And then I'd snap you back, so you'd have some oxygen and kind of go back and forth.

I'm kind of into this right now.

Do you want to rebuttal?

I've roughed you.

Okay.

I want to treat you like a baby.

Well, I was still kind of, well, you're choking out.

Real rude.

Sorry, but we need to go to Mark for rebuttal.

Right.

We'll come back to you for a final rebuttal.

You're like a baby bird that I would put in my pocket and bring to show and tell at school.

And every once in a while, just sort of stick my finger in the pocket with a little bit of peanut butter.

Or a little bit of like chocolate-covered pretzel.

Something just to kind of take care of you.

Wow.

And every time you're feeling a little scared, you always feel small inside my big arms.

And I can indulge a rape fantasy by having sex with you with my clothes on.

Okay.

Like I'm an intruder or something like that.

All right, thank you, Mark.

Now we turned to patent for final rebuttal.

You know, Mark sort of made a great case.

What do you have in the hopper?

I was, that I was going to add that I would play that Brian Ferry song from the movie Legend, but that's not really, that doesn't really match what, I can't really follow what he just did.

That was kind of brilliant.

Mark, you're the winner.

All right.

You're the winner.

Get out of my house.

What were we playing for?

I forget why we started that.

Well, we're just sort of saying that in this realm of sexual predators versus Pat, you know.

Pat-ton.

Who?

Pat-ton.

Who's your name, Pat?

No, it's not even, oh, we, let's just forget that, now I'm so creeped out by the, go ahead.

You were saying, well, I'd love to know what your real name is.

My real name, my birth name.

I'm going to say, Dinky.

Christian name.

Dinky squats a bunch.

Okay.

I don't know, maybe that's some kind of like corporate demanding strategy that you learn to, you know, emasculate me.

Low-icon.

Untact, uh, stubble chin.

Yeah, you're just naming attributes.

Yeah, you're just looking at me.

I don't know.

Unfavorable attributes too.

Yeah.

Varian.

And there's plenty of them.

And as we know, in the real world, the last thing we ever do is judge people by first appearances.

Boy, does that not ever happen.

Well, you know, Mark does have a point, Pat, and you have to admit though that back in the old days, this is where names came from.

Names have meanings and people were names.

That's true.

They would just go, you know, like the fat or the long or the tall or, you know, look.

We should get back to that because so many couples just, they get baby books.

They like sit and think about what their, what their baby's going to name, you know, be named and what it's going to mean.

And how interesting would it be if you just like the minute you saw your baby, you were like, what's your first impression of them?

And that's what they're called.

Yeah, but then everyone would be called covered in pussy juice.

Oh, everyone's name.

This is covered in pussy juice, Smith.

Okay, so maybe- You're covered in pussy juice, Schwarzenegger.

Maybe we wipe the pussy juice and then- Okay, we wipe all that off.

Second impression.

Oh, yeah, then, you know, you know, scream, you make poo butt.

I don't know.

I mean, yeah, I mean, maybe there should be, you should be required to wait a month and watch what the baby does and then name it.

That's not bad.

You gotta wait a month and watch them.

I say let's wait 15 years.

So there's a, you have a naming ceremony at 15.

That happens in certain ancient cultures.

You don't get a name until you deserve a name.

And then it'd be like around eight.

You'd start to realize that, okay, you'd be aware that in seven years I'm going to get a name so you can start acting in a way to get yourself a cool name and try not to, you know- And people who change their names, that's what they do anyway.

They start acting cool and they go, you know what, I like this name better?

The name- The name Edward doesn't suit me.

Yeah.

But Ed Rock, you call yourself Ed Rock.

Ed Rock, you know what I mean?

So around 15, you achieve your name.

Right.

And there's a big naming ceremony.

Yeah.

You know, and until then you're called, I don't know what you'd be called.

Probably numbers.

Yeah, maybe numbers.

This is my first, this is my third.

Yeah.

And then, you know, at 15, you were now, you are finger bang Lindbergh.

Patton, if you were to get a name, I'm assuming it's finger bang Lindbergh, but I'm going to ask the question anyway.

If you were to get a name when you were 15 years old, what do you think you would have gotten?

A fill when I was 15?

Mm-hmm.

Hang on.

Oh, wow.

Uh, probably- You know what it would have been?

It would have been, uh, uh, milky bookhead.

Just because I was pale.

Oh.

And I just read books all day.

I was just such a book.

Oh, I thought because your head looks like a book.

And my head- Oh, also dictionary.

Yeah, it has- the skin hung off it for an adless.

I think you're going to say because like your fontanelle had informed and so your whole head had this sort of wet, white, but you were melting like a candle man.

No, that's- no.

I think I would have been- I would have been Oingo Boingo fan 69.

Oh.

Which is coincidentally your email.

We should get the email.

What about you, Mark?

Mark Van Reel at 15.

First of all, Van Reel.

Oh, Vadreel.

Sorry.

It's an ancient Amsterdam name.

We were slave traders.

Uh, let's see.

It was- 15.

I'd probably be face full of teachers tits weed master.

Wow, you had it all going on, man.

Well, I mean, don't we always?

Well, obviously no.

I mean, this confidence doesn't come from, you know, a powder that you can drink like an energy drink.

Alright, guys.

Well, I want to play a new feature on the show.

If that's okay.

A new game.

This is our very last show of our third year and I want to debut a new game.

We debuted Jing It or Dang It or what was it?

Jing It or Ring It?

Jing It or- what was it called?

Jing It or Dang It?

Yeah, Jing It or Dang It.

We debuted that a few weeks ago.

So here's a new one that's going to be the new Jing It or D ang It.

And this is going to be brought to you by LegalZoom.com.

Right, Scott?

Yeah.

First of all, that was one of our- is one of our sponsors?

I don't even know.

It is still- Isn't it still- Alright, so it is.

Whoever is at LegalZoom really likes podcasts.

They do.

They support them.

God bless them.

Yeah.

Uh, this is a new game called Fart Mary Kiss.

♪♪♪ Alright, it's time to play Fart Mary Kiss and we all know how this is played.

So I'm going to read three celebrities' names and you have to tell me- and we'll take turns doing this, but you have to tell me which of them you would kiss.

Which of them has probably the nastiest farts?

Oh, and which of them is named Mary?

Alright, so we'll start with you, Patton.

Okay.

Alright, we have Demi Moore.

Right.

Michael Moore.

Uh-huh.

Mary Tyler Moore.

Okay.

Alright, which one of them would you kiss?

Which one has really stinky farts and which one is named Mary?

God, I feel like I'm walking into a trap.

This is- it's Mary Tyler Moore's name, Mary.

Mm-hmm.

Michael Moore has got to have the nastiest- Michael Moore's farts have got to sound like if you if you if you killed like 800 Filipino tourists and then packed them in an airplane hanger for a summer, like a summer down in Irvine, like June, July, August, and the last day of August, you opened- just opened those gigantic doors.

That's what one of his farts would smell like.

And by the way, I know him and were friends and I can confidently say that.

I can say that with confidence.

He got the recording of the Osama bin Laden kill shot.

He reserved it just for his farts.

Ah!

Oh, well, Mark liked that one.

And yeah, I would absolutely kiss Demi Moore.

You are right on all three counts.

That is correct.

Yeah, congratulations.

Wow.

Alright.

I thought you were going to trip me up.

No, Patton's on the board.

Alright, your game's made me very nervous, Scott.

I know, I'm so sorry.

You're moving over to Mark.

Right.

Mark, fart, Mary Kiss.

We have three names.

Jay Edgar Hoover.

Mary J. Blige.

Jim J. Bullock.

Well, Mary J. Blige is obviously named Mary.

Okay.

Although, Jim J. Bullock, I would imagine in certain circles, might be referred to as Mary.

See, that's Mark again.

That's, okay, whatever.

So I'm- He was referred to as Monroe a few times.

Oh, Monroe.

Oh, so I'm going to say, Jim J. Bullock, we're going to go, oh boy.

Who would you kiss?

Who would you, who has the nastiest farts and who is named Mary?

You'd probably kiss Jay Edgar Hoover at a gratitude.

I would.

Thank you very much for opening that up for me, Pat.

Alright, yes.

So Jay Edgar Hoover is going to be the kiss because why don 't we all owe him just for that movie?

Sure.

For that alone.

For the movie alone.

Oh my God.

Yeah, that's a big old smoochiree.

Army Hammer, who does not want to go on party with that guy ?

That guy is 6'7 of pure rock sauce.

That guy is- Okay.

I like that man.

Alright, so we kissed Jay Edgar and then the farts, Mary J or Jam J. Bullock.

I'm going to say, Jam J. Bullock, we're going to go with Mary.

And then Mary J. Blige, she's on the road.

She's on the road a lot.

Well, what did she just do those commercials for?

Was it some type of chicken McDonald's chicken nuggets or something?

Oh, the new Poppers.

Oh, they're great.

They come 20 to a pack and they come with you.

I did not mean to see you opening up that.

These are absolutely- You should check those out right now.

So you think Mary J. Blige is the fartier?

Yeah.

Oh, aren't we all in a way?

And don't we all therefore need some kind of special under garment?

She always a fucking commercial pitch.

He literally- do you realize he just pitched for farting?

He did?

He literally just tried to sell farting to the realist.

Realistizing because like, all I heard was that I wanted to fart.

Again, he just suck.

Unbelievable.

Oh my gosh.

You are my demo.

I love you, Scotty Awk.

Mark, Vendriel, unfortunately you did not get it correct.

Oh!

We could change that.

J. Edgar Hoover, yes, is the kiss.

Jim J. Bullock is the fartier though.

And Mary J. Blige's name, Mary.

I don't know how you missed on that one.

He was your twisted corporate reasoning that bit you in the end.

Yeah, so sorry.

And I'm glad to see it happen.

The game is very on the nose.

Alright, Pat Noswell, let's move to you.

We have fart Mary Kiss, we have Shelly Long.

Uh-huh.

Mary Shelly, who?

Mary Shelly's Frankenstein.

Okay, the book or the actual monster?

The actual monster, okay.

Yeah, so sorry not to be so sorry.

Wouldn't Mary Shelly's Frankenstein be the doctor?

Isn't the- Hey, don't help him.

Don't help him.

Oh boy.

This is a matter of- Okay, well- I got two D&D nerds in the room.

Don't you guys know this stuff?

Mary Shelly is the Mary.

I would definitely want to kiss Shelly Long just to comfort her for walking away from Cheers.

And also because of her divorce, you know, she got divorced after 20 some odd years.

What?

You feel bad for her?

Oh, that sucks.

Yeah.

Wait a minute.

Fart Mary Kiss.

Because I'm going to say, yeah, I'm going to- I mean, Frankenstein's farts have got to be terrible because he sewed together from a bunch of different dead people.

One of whom was a criminal.

Criminals always had terrible ties.

I think he had a criminal battle.

Well, not only- Oh, maybe the asshole was from the criminal.

That's the only part.

He had the brain and the asshole from the criminal.

And so yeah, there you go.

That's those got to be horrifying farts.

Mm-hmm.

Am I right?

What do you- What?

Paton, you are right.

Yes.

Kisses Shelly Long.

Mary Shelly is of course the Mary and Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.

Yes, as a criminal.

I have butthole.

I have no- Congratulations.

I have never- Never done well in a game in a show.

You have two points.

Yeah.

But Mark Vendriel, you have zero points, but this one is worth five points.

Oh, friend.

This is a good one.

So you can move past Paton here.

All right.

Perfect.

All right, we have three celebrities.

We have Bo Derek, Bo Jackson, Bo Bridges.

Fart Mary Kiss.

Oh.

Okay.

Uh-oh.

So, by process of elimination, obviously none of them are actually named Mary to our knowledge publicly.

So that means maybe somebody has an alter ego.

Okay.

So then for therefore we're going to go towards, let's go towards the kiss.

The kiss we want to kiss Bo Derek.

Okay.

I assume.

Is this 10 Bo Derek or is this- Why does this again?

I'm going to give you Bolero, Bo Derek.

Oh, very good thing.

Done and a done.

Um, did you guys ever get that poster and then you turn it into like you wrap it around in like a, like a toilet paper tube and then you put fur on the inside.

What do you say?

Oh my gosh.

And also why would have, never mind.

All right.

Um, so now- So that's- Okay.

So Bo Derek, you're going with the kiss.

Right.

And then the fart is a guy to be- Who has stinky farts?

Bo Bridges or Bo Jackson on your- Oh, Bo Bridges.

Bo Bridges.

Did you guys see that guy?

Did I see?

I've seen him many times.

Yeah.

But in the, in the descendants?

Yeah.

All he's doing is getting drunk and eating poi.

He's got the whole- Yeah.

He's got, he's got those terror root for it.

Did they call him Hawaii Fartzell?

Oh.

They'll also poise the sound they make when they come out poi.

You know, Monday's a 10.

Hawaii 5.0 is a great show.

Everybody should be checking it out.

Please, Mark, you don't- Come on.

You don't need to sell fucking everything.

I'm just saying.

All right.

So therefore, there, Bo Jackson is somehow- Somehow it's the Mary.

He must have a secret Mary somewhere.

Is it a secret Mary?

Well Mark.

You were so close.

Bo Bridges is the farther.

Uh-huh.

Bo Jackson is who you want to kiss and Bo Derek, her real name is Mary Kathleen Collins.

Oh.

Sorry.

How you doing?

Oh, sorry.

Once again, this game is just way too literal.

Yeah.

Sorry about that.

But Patton- Wow.

I learned something.

I didn't know that was- Patton, you got two points.

You're our winner.

I just, oh my God.

You just won one of our games.

I finally won a- Oh, I finally won a bank game.

Congratulations and that is how we play Fartz Mary Kiss.

I'm clapping for myself.

Congratulations, Patton.

Oh, thank you.

Well earned.

Boom.

You were able to figure out who out of those celebrities were called Mary and that is a third of the battle.

That really was- That was literally a third of the battle.

That is literally a third.

What's got right now would be a great time in the show for you to throw to like a sponsor, like who did the copper piping in your beautiful house in the Marina Del Rey or high and tight muffler house in the region?

Are they sponsoring the show?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Just a side house.

Oh, oh yeah.

A side house.

Okay.

Yeah.

It's just where I go.

It's where I go five days out of the week.

Yeah.

It's just kind of my side house.

So there's times like when you and the wife are escalating an argument and you just go side house.

Side house.

Yeah.

And then we bring the argument over there.

Oh, and you drive over there and argue.

Yeah, yeah.

You drive over there.

You can cool down.

Oh, smart.

It's a great, you know, I mean we actually- I should have a side house.

We actually did just get a new couch yesterday and we were talking about all the things we could do on it.

Don't get your- come on, don't get it twisted here.

I'm not talking about that.

But- Face sex.

Come on.

Whoa.

But she said we could argue on the couch and I made her promise me that we would never argue on that couch.

That- yeah, it'll absorb no bad vibes.

That is so nice.

You know what, Mark, though, I do think you're right.

I do think we should take a break.

Let's take a quick break when we come back.

We'll be right here with Pat Naswell getting down into it.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Yeah.

Blow the island.

We're taking over.

Taking over.

Yeah.

Watch me do me.

Don't look away.

Watch me do me.

Okay.

Okay, watch me.

Watch me do me.

Okay.

I'm on my massage.

Keep rushing.

Wow.

No.

Yeah.

And finish doing me.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

We're back here with Pat Naswell.

He was talking about the event.

If you want to venture spoilers, he is here to do it for you.

Do you have it?

It's coming out Friday.

You've seen it already, though.

You say it's great.

It is a mate.

God, did he not fumble that?

He did it so- That's so good.

To use football analogies, which you're very comfortable with.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, exactly.

That's how it relate to any superhero movie.

His was sport.

He really got it through the up-right.

That's kind of a fad.

That's superhero stuff.

You think superhero stuff, Mark, is a fad?

Kind of a fad.

You know what's always going to stick around?

Baseball movies, sports movies.

Well, baseball is America's pastime.

That's true.

You know what I mean?

Boys of summer.

So, Mark, you think that superhero movies are a fad?

Yes.

But for the time being, are you totally full-gunning for them because of the money they're making?

Absolutely.

That's coming out.

The Batman and Returns to the Night.

That's coming out soon.

That's coming out in the mid-night, mid-night, you're car now.

Yeah, mid-night, you're car now.

So, when, okay, based on your marketing acumen, your business acumen, when is it time to jump off the superhero train?

When did you break your acumen, by the way?

That was a small thing.

I tried to do a Vietnamese spin fuck chair.

Oh, God.

Sorry about that.

When do we jump off the superhero train?

Make a prediction.

I'm going to say this summer it's going to die.

I think the Avengers are probably going to hit big and then Batman Returns is going to be, it's going to do fine.

But then what else is left?

I mean, Wonder Twins.

Yeah, Xan and Jaina know that there's a Wonder Twins movie.

Although, okay, Patton, if you had to pitch on the Wonder Twins movie to make it cool, to make it like, I have to admit, and I've never talked about this, but I was approached to write Transformers back when they were trying to figure it out.

But I said to them, well, you have to make it like a comedy because it's so stupid.

You write, right?

You know, like no one will ever take it seriously.

And they immediately, you know.

And everyone took it deadly seriously.

So, and battleship and all that.

So, anything can be done and made popular if they can make Transformers popular, which by the way, and I was saying this on Twitter the other day, Transformers, don't you think that it's misleading that they call the, they name the Transformers after an electrical device, you know, shouldn't they be called robots?

You know what I mean?

What do you mean?

They should be called robots.

I mean, it's confusing.

They're not transformers, you know.

Wow, I can see what they didn't hire you.

They had transform electrical charges.

I think that's where you, where you failed in the pitch.

Yeah, no, I would have just called them robots.

Right.

The robots.

Okay, but say, Patton, that, and you're a comic book af icionado, which is a fancy word for nerd.

Yeah.

What would you do to pitch on the Zann and Jana Wonder Twin 's movie?

I would have, oh, that's an interesting thing, because one of them, they touch rings.

And they say Wonder Twin powers activate.

One of them can actually turn into any, like, animal.

Yeah.

And one of them can take the form of an element.

Well, see, yeah, an element, but here's the deal.

Back during Super Friends, he would just turn into an ice, whatever.

Ice, but yeah, we never turn into anything else.

A bucket of water.

Yeah, bucket of water, or it would be like an ice ladder, or an ice ladder.

Ice, you know, like whatever would get them out of the situation, you know, like an ice fire extinguisher, you know, which I guess he just could have been a bucket of water.

You're right.

But some fires, you can't throw water.

If it's a grease fire, you need a fire extinguisher.

What if it's a fire of the heart?

That's true.

You can't extinguish it.

What are my earliest jokes was the Wonder Twins, if one of them had Tourette's, and they would touch the form of an eagle.

Shape on a hot piece of shit.

And then they would just chase stuff there forever.

Yeah, he's just, who wants to touch that to turn back?

You know, screw that.

That's a good joke.

I'll just stay in the, that's good.

That's well.

Twenty-five years, twenty-six years coming in July.

Nineteen years old, taken comedy by Stone.

How would you make it cool though?

How could you make it actually like a huge movie?

Because it's people who try to do it.

Well, part of it is they have to get separated at one point .

So they can't get us.

Their powers only work with their together.

So they, someone's got to figure that out and go, why don't we just separate them?

And then they got to figure out where the hero is in themselves.

What if one of them works at the Mall of America and you have some beautiful shots of different storefronts and like some really nice products, like those wheelies, those sneakers that have wheels on them, very popular with children.

Those are popular.

I like those.

Sinoban, who does not seriously?

You're pronouncing Sinoban a little strangely.

Isn't it Sinoban?

Oh, I guess.

I don't know.

I've never heard anyone call it Sinoban.

But why were they, because they're aliens, so why are they working in a mall?

Because they want to learn American and earth culture so much.

So there's a hilarious sequence where Zan takes at one of those frosting sort of...

You're holding something up to your mouth that looks like a cock.

I have to say right now.

You're really straight.

You're pantomiming a cock going.

So then he like he squeezes all the frosting and he's just like rubbing it all around.

He's like, oh, America.

I don't know about that as an image in Alien with Fron.

So, and then they would be in the mall learning about, I mean that makes sense.

They're learning about a culture in the mall.

That's the quickest way to learn American culture.

Well, Mall is the mall manager and he's very...

The mall manager?

Is he the mall manager?

He's Martin Mall, mall manager.

Why was that never pitched for him as a sitcom back in the 70s?

What about mall managers?

What about Martin Mall as the mall man from Fantastic Four?

Oh, goodness.

Now you got something.

There you go.

That's what the Fantastic Four reboot needs.

They need the mall man.

They need a guy coming up from underneath the...

What you pitched your Fantastic Four, the first thing you said is they need to be seven of them.

I actually did try to write Fantastic Four.

I pitched on that quite...

I got deep in the process.

Me and Postane pitched an idea for that and they...

Oh, they didn't like it.

Yeah, but then Postane got to be in number two.

So, you know, it all had a happy ending.

Rise of the Silver Surfer.

Rise of the Silver.

Hey, Silver Surfer, rise!

Hey, Silver Surfer.

I love the musical numbers in that though.

Oh, I love it.

Those are the only reason to go.

Flying through the sky on his board.

Board, board, board, board.

I'm bored.

It's weird that they took the audience's voice.

Yeah, they actually put that in there for some reason.

Patton, this is a serious question.

What comic book out there needs to be turned into a movie?

It seems like they can do it all now.

Yeah.

There's an Ant-Man movie coming out supposedly there, you know, like what?

I would...

A brilliant one, it's such a great idea.

It would be Suicide Squad, the DC Suicide Squad, where the villains that are locked up, do work off some of your time by going on secret missions for the United States.

Also similar to Thunderbolts a little bit.

Yeah, I mean, they both have their same thing, but do...

Then either one, Thunderbolts or Suicide Squad, villains having to work their...

That's awesome.

Not that different from the homeless idea that I was talking about earlier, where we have these homeless people work off, you know, what they owe to the society.

I don't really consider homeless people to be super villains.

Exactly, they don't really have...

Not super villains, but not super.

And what way are they villains?

What do you mean by...

I mean, they're poor people who have...

A lot of them have, you know, schizophrenia or some sort of ...

I'm walking back to my car, and I can either put the change inside of a Mason jar on my love chest, or I can give it to, you know, Ricky, who's just gonna spend it on Hooch.

I wanted to go in that Mason jar.

Both choices are terribly antiquated.

Yeah, they are insane.

Well, Mason jar on your love chest, or a guy spending it on Hooch.

What do you guys do with your chain?

Well, I don't live in 1920, so I go down to the coin star.

Yeah.

What's that?

You put all your chains in this machine, you can donate it to charity.

Oh, that's a great idea.

Is that what the coin star does?

I thought it gives you back dollar bills.

But you can...

Or one of the options is you like go to the Red Cross or...

Oh, fuck that.

No, no, no.

Oh, you want your...

Or general milk.

Yeah, I get to receive.

That's my money.

I'm a joke.

I'm telling you, there's a lot of great money to be made from charities.

From charities.

From what?

What are you talking about?

Just saying.

I'm just saying, you know.

Come on, man.

Cancer needs a new suit from time to time.

Hey, that's what on the first time somebody at Briscoe busted was he pretended to be a priest...

Collecting money for charity.

Collecting money for like Guatemala or something, then he kept it.

And he got busted.

Wait, when he was a comedian, he did this?

Yeah, well, like when he was still struggling with the community, he did that.

Oh, okay, when he was a struggling comedian.

Not as like a...

No, met a...

Metatextual gag or something.

Yeah, exactly.

No, no, he actually was a scam that he pulled.

Not after he started doing those movies where he was Jack Frost.

I don't...

What?

I'm just saying that he could have done that.

That's a route he could have gone.

I don't know.

Mark, yeah.

That's like...

I don't know.

If you as the world is very sad.

You know what?

If you work for earwool, if you're fired, if you don't, I guess we're fired.

Actually, you know what?

How about this?

Tomorrow, my new DVD drops.

It's called Finest Network.

We'll get to that in the blogs, but if you're gonna tie in ...

Well, no, here's what I'm saying.

Actually, yeah, no, I'm actually curious.

Mark?

Yes.

I have a DVD coming out tomorrow.

Well, it's an antiquated system, but okay.

How would it be streaming?

How would you...

I'm not sure if you can stream it on Hulu.

I don't know if...

All right, well, I'll figure it out.

But how would you sell that to the public right now listening?

Well, I think one of the things obviously we want to do right now is you know how like when you watch something on Hulu, you have to watch an ad before you get to see your thing.

Right.

So I think every time you're in your comedy act and we're working up to a punchline, we then jump to a travelocity ad.

And then once we sit through that whole thing, then we get the payoff on your...

So it's sort of like the little treat for doing a trick.

Exactly.

Like that a dog.

I'm sorry, you said sit through that whole thing.

How long are you thinking each ad would be?

Well, the great thing about DVDs or you know, there's no regulation by the FCC.

So we could actually make these like two and a half, three and a half minute short films essentially.

So they're watching my act, then it stops and they got to watch for three minutes some ad just to get to a punchline every single time.

Well, I mean, isn't that the same way that sitcoms work?

You know, we do this and then like, oh no.

No, they don't hang.

They don't leave you hanging on the punchline.

You know, when you put it like that, it sounds weird.

But isn't, I mean, he has a point, isn't that what TV is?

Like, isn't it weird that all of a sudden a story stops and you watch a bunch like five different ads?

But TV is free.

This is a DVD.

I'm making people pay.

No, I'm just trying to open your eyes to like, what a weird thing it is when you watch TV.

Like, we're all just used to it now.

We've been used to it since we've been growing up.

Yeah.

But how strange it is that this story someone is telling that you're watching just stops and fades out and all of a sudden, you know, that's bizarre when you think about it.

That's one thing that I've been learning reading about, you know, because my daughter is three now and they said when your kids don't let them watch commercial TV because they don't know the difference between story and ad.

They think it's another story starting.

And then when the ad ends, they're like, what happened to that story and you condition them to think so you try to show anything with ads.

That's great.

That's a great way to do it.

Wait a minute.

So you're, I mean, you actually support that, Mark?

Absolutely.

Well, here's the thing.

Does she have like an ATM car?

She must have an owner.

No, she's three.

She must have like a blackberry though, or like, how do you get a hold of her if she wanders up?

I don't, she's with women.

I don't let her wander off.

You don't let her wander?

No.

Parenting style is this.

You have to let her explore the world.

Yeah.

But with me around, I mean, how is she going to learn that she's not bullet proof unless she gets knocked over by a truck or see, you know, I think you're mixing your metaphors here.

Yeah, that's a little bullet.

You shoot her if you want her to let her.

No one wants to shoot a child at ear wolf.

Do not ever say that.

You don't work for your wolf.

Well, as of today, now that do you.

Please talk like he is ear wolf.

Okay, look, Mark, I, you know, you did it.

That was a terrible job selling my DVD, but terrible job.

But, you know, speaking of speaking of talking about your DVD, we really only have time for one last thing, Patton, because I know your time is short.

And I, you know, and I have to apologize to you every time.

Every time you come in here, it seems, you know, I want to talk to you.

I'm ready to talk.

I mean, I have so many.

What's strange is we've been friends for 15 years or so.

And 17 years, and I don't know anything about you.

I know.

And I feel good when we schedule these things.

Your problem is you're too giving and you have this open door policy here at ear wolf.

Well, and people, and the walks don't work.

Let's be honest.

Well, that's an easy fix though.

That's an easy fix.

How is that easy?

I don't even, I don't know if you listen to your shows.

I mean, this is the, I hate my show.

I mean, almost every, every episode gets interrupted now.

I don't know if you know that.

It's terrible.

I just wonder in here.

My show is awful.

I agree.

If this is your first time listening to it because you saw Patton's name in it, I apologize.

I'm just, I don't have a handle on my show.

I see who the guests are.

I'm like, oh, this can be so exciting.

I can't wait to hear a nice interview.

Every man, someone just barrels in.

But what if no offense mark, but...

No, that's an untaken.

What if Lady Smith Black Mombazo came in and did a number from their new album?

I would love that, but it instead is always some fucking weirdo like yourself and, you know, no offense.

You're kind of weird, Mark.

You're kind of a nut.

And, you know, not to deconstruct this show too much, but I feel like it happens too much.

Way too much.

And this is what I promise you for the fourth year.

We're going to put an end to that.

Okay?

No more of this.

Straight ahead interviews.

Straight ahead if that's all people wanted to find out.

I know.

They look at WTF and WTF, I'm sure, is going to win this comedy award, you know?

Like, not enough of your voting, by the way, for me.

And you know why he's going to win the award?

Because he put good locks on his garage.

Exactly.

You think people aren't trying to get into Mark Marin's studio?

His cat ranch?

When I did the interview, like, five people came by.

Banging all the doors.

It's like you're in the middle of a zombie movie.

People are like pounding them.

Kind of ironic that yours is called Comedy Bang Bang when the door just swings open.

It is ironic if I knew what that meant.

If I knew what that meant, I would agree.

You're really getting worked up.

I just, I feel like I'm a failure.

I've done this show for three years now, and this is all that comes out of it.

Try some of this.

It's like shit like this.

Try some of this.

Because you put that down, and then you just smell it.

Just take a good smell of that.

This is like a hard and warm midnight.

Yes, that makes you feel really good.

But what you have to do is you have to get it up until deep into the sinuses.

I've been smelling that for this entire hour.

Look, we just have one last thing to do, and I've apologized enough to you, Pat, and I feel like, please tell me you'll come back.

But you know what?

You know I'll always come back.

I'm an optimist.

We're going to get that interview in.

We're going to get it.

I swear at some point in our fourth year we'll get it.

I swear to you, I've been doing such a bad job up till now.

You know what?

You're learning the ropes.

It takes about three years to figure out how to host a show .

Oh yeah, absolutely.

Make the exclusive uninterrupted interview.

Mono-a-mono.

Available on iTunes for $14.99.

Why would you?

That doesn't seem fair to the fans.

The fans have really unfair.

The fans have stuck by me like weathering the storm of these terrible interviews I do.

They're stuck by you.

Now you stick the fans.

I don't know.

Wow, that really doesn't follow at all.

That's the same word twice.

Alright, well we just have one last thing to do and that's a little thing that we like to call plugs.

Who we do and what do you do?

Can I get you at a show or do you have a film or a TV appearance?

Can I find your DVD to try to stop on clear ends after there's some sure you know?

That's the end of Bang Bang.

You all can go but before the goodbyes.

It's what's the Pot Dog Memorial Plus.

That was by Amos.

Amos, that is the Combi Bang Bang Plugs theme.

If you have a plug theme for the What's Up Pot Dog Memorial Plug section, go head over to earwolf.com under our message boards.

The Combi Bang Bang message boards, there's a thread devoted to that.

You can host it.

We will play it on the show and you'll be famous for a week .

Don't think that people weren't walking around talking about whoever wrote last week's all week.

Well, now your reign is over because Amos is on top for a week.

Yep, Amos, you have pushed what's their names right out of my head.

I don't even remember them.

Exactly.

Because all I'm thinking about is Amos.

Amos, you're famous Amos.

I actually don't think about that.

We can't say that.

That's actually that costs us money to say so.

Oh, that's not in General Mills.

It's not a...

Are you kidding me?

He's good.

He's even more popular.

Those cookies are throat corks.

They are perfectly sized.

Try it on your daughter today.

They are perfectly sized.

I use a different throat corks on my daughter.

Whoa, God.

In heaven.

Okay, so we're here with the plugs.

Patton, you were talking a little bit about a bit.

Hit us.

Tomorrow, new DVD, finest hour, drops, lot of bonus stuff.

Lot of stuff.

Can you say a lot of bonus stuff?

What do you mean?

A really, this kind of segment about my stage rituals that we filmed, interviews with all the fans out in the lobby.

This really cool slideshow by this guy that does...

I don't know.

I'm very grateful that he does it.

But he, every one of my albums, he makes a picture slideshow of every single thing that is referenced or mentioned.

He's under...

Wow.

And if there's something that doesn't exist...

Get the rights to those pictures.

Yeah.

And then he...

Or if it's something that doesn't exist, he actually makes it.

Oh my God.

And then does...

So you can watch special and the little pictures come up.

Does this person have a job of some sort?

I think he does...

He better be doing design because he's amazing.

Did you pay him for this?

We can talk about all those.

What's up?

I don't know.

Sounds like he's the cheap operating officer of Boredom Inc orporated.

Well, what's his name?

Do you want to give him a little shout out here?

Mick Hymn famous for a week?

God.

Just like Amis.

I'm blanking on his name.

Go ahead and look it up while...

Oh yeah.

Go...

Yeah, talk to...

You also have young adult too coming out.

Electric Boogaloo where she finally gets her shit together.

Yeah, we're breaking her now.

Grumpy old adults.

Oh, we're very, very excited.

You're a bit bigger for a while but then she realizes she's in love with you.

Oh yeah.

Yeah, and then I pour tomato soup butter.

That's so great.

And then Makana, he comes in as her old boyfriend.

Oh, that would be amazing.

That would be amazing.

The two of you guys doing like a battle the network stars, like an obstacle course?

Yeah, both of you in just like tiny gym shorts.

Oh, yeah.

You know.

Oh, Mr. Ted Hobgood, Ted from Carboro, North Carolina, is responsible for these the most ridiculously intricate slideshows.

I think it's why I don't have stalkers because they see the slideshows she makes and go but I give up.

That's the way I can get it.

Ted owns this.

Well, that's great.

So finest hour and it's an hour of stand up as well as all this bonus material and plus a whole encore that hasn't been on either Showtime or Comedy Central.

This was on Showtime at the Apollo?

Yes, this was on, yeah.

Does Sandman come and sweep you off?

I actually sweep the salmon off first time.

You're the first person to ever do that.

I bring up my own broom.

No one ever thought to do that.

And I sweep it right back.

It's brilliant.

Yeah.

I bring out a Swiffer and I just sweep right off.

There you go.

Modern.

Yeah.

Take that.

You are swept off your feet by this.

Look at you.

I love this idea.

I definitely want to get this DVD now.

I think you and Swiffer, this is a great pairing.

Look at how I'm saying to you.

No, Mark, we'll get to your plugs in a second.

Anything else, Patton?

I'm hosting the Webby Awards May 21st.

You can watch it online.

I believe between two verses up for one of those.

Oh, good.

Speaking of between two versions, I again want to talk about it.

May 6th, before the Comedy Awards, half hour special we did .

I directed it.

I'm very happy with it.

And also the Comedy Bang Bang TV show coming up June 8th.

We've been putting out a lot of videos, exclusive videos and stuff like that out there.

And I think you're going to see more of it.

We're going to stream an episode from what I hear.

And yeah, I'm very proud of it all.

So I'm excited to get this fourth year going so that, you know, I think it's going to be a great year.

All right, Mark, what do you have?

Well, I just want to let everybody know here at Earwolf.

We've got a lot of great different programming.

And if you download every program this week, this week that this episode drops, you'll also get a free download of the Avengers.

All you have to do is send us $20 to Earwolf.

No, they will not.

That's not a free download.

First of all, that's a $20 download.

Yeah, no, you're just said free download and then said for $20.

Well, no, it's a free download.

We were technically not allowed because that would be, you know, with the Marvel Corporation.

That'd be a legal problem.

I think giving away a free download is still a problem.

Yeah.

And also downloading the movie before it comes out seems like a huge problem.

Didn't you download it yesterday, Patton?

No, I went to a screening.

That's the same thing.

I'm offering you a free press screening of the Avengers.

In your own home, in your own home that you can carry around and repost on Vimeo or any one.

It's very illegal.

Earwolf is not a part of this.

It's illegal.

By the way, you know, I know that the Marvel Corporation and the government in fact has little buzz words and watch words that come up on podcast.

It puts them on a watch list and the Avengers is one of them along with download.

We do not condone that at earwolf.com.

Mark here does not work for earwolf.com nor will he ever.

He does work for General Mills.

It's true.

That's true.

And in a lot of ways, if there are any ladies out there, I just want to remind you that your beauty is like a petal of a flower and much as the sun rises, I just love, you know, for you just to open up yourself and open up your thighs and just let's think about the two of us together as this a warm, wet, what'd you call it?

Milkyhead.

Please play some extra music.

Yeah.

I do want to say we have a hundred dollar donor.

Kevin Roche.

Kevin Roche, thank you so much for donating to the show.

And if you want to donate head over to earwolf.com and that has been our show.

I want to thank Pat Nauswald as much as I want to apologize to him.

I want to not thank Mark as much as I want to kick him out of here.

Mark Van Der Riel and Scottie on the morning.

Check it out.

We will see you actually next week for our big anniversary show.

So you're going to really enjoy that one.

So I'll see you next week.

This is comedy bang bang.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio boom.com.

The Wolf Dead.

Thank you.
