Happy anniversary to me, just kidding.

Yes, but it is our third anniversary show here on Comedy Bang Bang.

I can't believe that we made it.

We have several special guests coming up with the show.

We're going to...

Ah, some men.

Wait a minute.

This...

No one has ever interrupted my cold open before.

I know.

Is this buddy Velastro?

Velastro?

Come on!

It's a game boss!

What do you have to wire?

You come in in the middle of my cold open.

Before you do your Comedy Bang...

What is it, Comedy Bang Bang?

Yeah, yeah.

See, how do you like it?

I...

Before you do your Comedy Bang Bang Third Anniversary Show, you have to know what is in store for you in this anniversary show.

Wait, because you can see the future you mean?

Yes, I'm going to show you the future!

Well, it's happening right now.

I'm in the middle of the show.

I could just kind of experience it.

I think that would be a better...

No, that's not how I show people the future.

What do you mean?

Is there something happening in the show that I need to know about?

Yes!

Okay, well, all right.

Yeah, I guess if you want to take me...

I'm going to peer far into the future to when you are an old man named Scott Oxenboo.

I don't change my name then.

What's that?

I don't change...

They keep the same name.

So why do we need to go to the future where I'm an old man?

I can't show you the immediate future.

I gotta go far...

I gotta like go far into the future.

So then I'm not going to see what happens to you?

No, but you'll look back on it from the future.

It'll be your past that you'll be remembering.

Okay, I get it, I think.

All right, so how do we do this?

Do we need to...

I will just go into a trench and...

One of your cake trances?

One of my classic cake trances.

Sure.

Here we go.

And when I merge, what I merge, I'll be talking to the elderly Scott Oxenboo.

Why do we need to be holding hands for this?

This is...

I'm scared.

Okay.

Here we go.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!

Come on!

Oh, here I am at the future.

Oh, we're floating!

Oh, there you are, elderly Scott Oxenboo.

Oh, I look so well-preserved.

Eh, you know, you've had some work done.

Oh, really?

You can kind of see it around the eyes.

Oh, yeah, I see.

I kind of had a lift there.

You can see it in my ears too.

Hey, let me talk to the old you.

Oh, okay.

Oh, he looks so unhappy.

Oh, he's a miserable prick that nobody loves.

Oh, that sounds about right.

Scott Oxenboo of the future.

Eh, hello.

It's me, Cake Boss.

Do you remember?

My whole friend, Cake Boss.

Cake Boss from the comedy bing bing period of my life.

That's right.

That is long old for a few years.

Those horrible ears.

I'm showing the young version of you.

I remember this.

Yeah, you don't need to explain it.

Oh, no, you don't.

Oh, okay, sure.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

What happened to me?

Yeah, I remember.

That's right.

I've been sitting around waiting for it.

So yeah, eh, so here's what it's like for the young you.

This is what happens on the third anniversary show.

Oh, yeah, I want to hear.

First of all, thank you so much for taking care of you.

Shut the fuck up and let me tell you exactly what happened.

This seems private.

I'm going to stand over there.

It was a dark and gloomy day.

I had incredible guests on this show, but I squandered them .

I had a musician.

I've always wanted to meet because I liked her music.

And I made a bad impression on her.

And then I had my old friend Zach Gout of her neck is on the show.

And he hates me now.

I'll have that in more all on today's.

Wait till you get a load of Judy Man-O-Man.

Thank you so much for that cash-free submission.

That was submitted to us by Meet Brett.

Thank you so much, Meet Brett.

And welcome to the show.

It's Comedy Bang Bang.

And it's a fantastic week that you may be joining us on here.

If this is your first show, what an amazing one we have for you today.

This is our third anniversary show.

We've been doing this for three years.

Started on Indie1031, moved over to podcasting.

And oh, by the way, I am, of course, your host Scott Ock erman.

And let me just set the scene here.

We're in the Earwolf Studios.

It's a gloomy day.

And I have people right here in front of me, someone's on the phone.

And our first guest, you know him as the star of the Hang over Films.

That's safe to say, right?

The top build star of the Hangover Films.

Most important.

I don't think so.

He's in the Hangover Films.

He has an upcoming film called Politics.

He's crazy.

What is it?

What is the film called?

I mean, that's what it is.

Politics is crazy.

And also hosted between two ferns, which we have a special coming out this Sunday you can see on Comedy Central.

And at 83730 Central, Zach Alvinakis is here.

Thanks, Evan.

Thanks, having you.

Thanks, Scott.

You're wearing a plaid jacket.

Yep, plaid.

Where'd you dig this up?

I was in that Off-Broadway show.

How to succeed in forever plaid.

On 78th and Broadway, or 75th and Broadway, I think.

And it's just an old jacket from Forever Plaid.

What was your favorite song just saying in that production?

Plaid to meet you.

We'll be talking to Zach throughout the show.

Thank you so much for joining me, buddy.

You'll be getting some good gems like that.

You didn't ding your bell, by the way.

Oh, yeah.

Where is that thing?

Is it this?

Yep.

I don't know if we're going to ding the bell.

And also to Zach's left and sitting directly in front of me , this is a special treat for the show.

And I know what you're saying.

What is this?

It's September.

September is when we had a lot of musicians on the show.

But no, it's not September nor October.

It is, in fact, May.

But doing music the entire program, and it is a great pleasure to meet you because I'm such a big fan.

The band is St. Vincent's.

Do I call you St. Fid?

I call you Annie.

You could call me Annie.

Thank you so much for joining me.

This is a great treat.

My God.

Thanks for having me.

Annie, you ever done a podcast before?

Is this your first podcast?

This is my first podcast.

Oh, man.

You'll love it.

Nothing better than podcasting.

Yeah.

Thank you so much.

This is so great of you to come by.

I mean, you just got done doing Coachella, you were saying.

I did.

They had it two weekends.

Yeah.

How were your shows?

Really good.

Yeah, really good.

How was it doing two weekends?

Did you do the exact same show both times?

You know, I wasn't...

Yeah, I did a similar show both times.

Simular?

Simulacrum.

But yeah, it was kind of weird because I wasn't sure if you 're supposed to just duplicate the experience for the second round of people or if you're supposed to really mix it up.

I thought it was odd that they webcast the entire thing the first weekend.

Like do it the second weekend, right?

Totally.

They get away.

I know.

Everyone knew about the Tupac hologram.

Yeah.

Right.

You know?

Did you have any holograms in your show?

Just one.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

Are you a hologram right now?

Mm-hmm.

Right now.

Oh my gosh.

You are very lifelike, I must say.

I can confirm by touching the hologram that my hand did go through.

Right through.

I'm going to do a little bit more knee.

Did you have to touch her knees, Zach, to test that out?

That's usually the most lifelike of the hologram parts.

Ding the bell.

There it is.

I just showed it what some of it goes.

Oh my gosh.

Who is this?

Wait a minute.

I had no idea that...

I've been here the whole time.

This is Chupacabra.

Hello, Chupacabra.

Cuckoo-ri-go.

This is Chupacabra, a radio personality who used to do...

We first met when you...

Three years ago when I was at Indy 10131...

Yes, before you had sold out.

Is that what you called moving into podcasting from radio?

Yes.

It's very lucrative.

Honey, how much are you being paid to be here today?

Um, we first met when you were at the Spanish language radio station next door.

El Gato.

El Gato, yeah.

Thank you so much for coming to my anniversary show.

It's my pleasure.

I cannot stay.

I just wanted to call into the idea that maybe it was not the hologram, but it still goes.

Thank you so much.

Well, let me return here to Annie here and just talk about the new record, Strange Mercy, is out.

It's new-ish.

It came out a few months ago, right?

Yeah, it came out in September of 2011.

And how's it moving?

How many units have you shifted?

Moving a lot of units.

But yeah, so you're going to love what we have in store for a year today.

You're going to play several songs over the course of the show, and I couldn't be happier.

Thank you so much for being here.

Zach, let's talk about it.

Yup.

What do you got?

What do you mean, little have you supposed to ask me questions?

Oh, that's right.

I'm not going to just bring stuff to the show.

Zach, what's up with the, uh, between two ferns special?

What's happening?

Talk about it.

I don't know.

You produced the fucking thing.

Um, I don't really know when, when will it be on?

It's coming on this Sunday.

This Sunday at 730.

Yeah.

Or 830.

Yeah.

Okay.

We have guest Tina Fey.

Mm-hmm.

Sir Richard Branson and John Stewart.

That's right.

And people are wondering, is it the real Sir Richard Br anson?

Did we actually get Sir Richard Branson?

Yes, we got him.

We got him.

Did he know what was happening?

Did he know what was going on?

From the interview, I'm not sure.

I don't know.

I mean, I don't know.

What do you think?

I don't know.

It seemed like he didn't know who you were, didn't know what was happening.

That's, that's a surprise because I'm pretty popular with a billionaire set.

What did you want to say?

Did you want to email him?

Uh, Oh, I went into email him.

Hey, Mr Branson and Zach, we need to do some reshoots.

We'll just come to you to your island.

You don't have to worry about traveling guys.

But yeah, I don't have a Z-mail address so I can do it.

He's got an island, isn't that crazy?

Three islands.

No.

How many do you have, Annie?

Just one.

One island.

Yeah.

Chupacabra.

Right now I have three islands.

One of them is a hamburger from islands.

Hey, hey.

Oh boy, that's right, I'm Zach's alley.

Turn it.

Did I say Rhode Island?

Rhode Island.

You own Rhode Island?

I own the majority of Rhode Island.

I bought it from a drunk Italian gangster.

Why was he selling it?

I don't know.

He was in a spiral.

We were in Las Vegas and he was in a spiral and I bought it for him for a smitamolensky steak.

Well, we're just going to have special guests dropping by throughout the entire show.

I mean, you never know who's going to walk through this door at any given moment.

Wow, speaking of the door, someone just walked through.

Right when I said that, that's...

Hello.

Oh no.

Who is this?

It's the...

It's Fomey.

Fomey.

Hey, it's Harris Whittles is here.

I didn't know.

No, it's not a character.

Harris Whittles.

Hello.

Fan favorite.

Creator of Humblebrag.

That's right.

I don't even have to do this because I created Humblebrag.

Creator of Humblebrag.

Writer on Parks and Rec.

Fan favorite of the show.

Welcome to the show.

It's been a great three years.

It's been a real wild ride.

Would you say that you're more popular than ever due to this show?

I'd say the show's more popular than ever due to me.

No, I mean, you reverse that.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No.

What I said.

How are you doing, buddy?

It's so great to see you.

Yeah, I'm doing good.

I'm getting a little fat again, underwear band starting to fold over.

You were just on a sitcom.

A sit down comedy.

And you lost a lot of weight for it.

Yeah, yeah, I did.

I trained pretty hard.

AKA just didn't eat Jack in the box at 3 a.m. in my bed every night.

Still most nights, but just not everyone of them.

Everything in Mother Rachel.

Yeah, by the way, do you know Chupacabra over here?

It's great to meet you.

Does Gukoriko mean how do you do?

I swear to whatever you wanted to mean.

I actually was in a rap battle with him like a year ago.

That's right.

I'm going to dental.

Do you know Zack?

I'm such a fan.

Aw, thanks.

And this is Annie from St. Vincent.

Such a fan.

Wait, do you still want to say how you like?

I'm being genuine.

What about the before?

That was a pleasantry.

Oh, OK.

This is a pleasantry.

Harris, you come on the show and you've been a great friend of the show.

You've come on several times and describe what it is you do .

Well, OK, so I write jokes in my phone with the intention of doing them as stand up.

And these are the ones that don't make it to the stage because they're too bad.

So you write jokes on your phone.

Yeah.

And we used to have a feature on the show called Harris' phone corner.

Right.

And then it somehow transformed into Harris' phone corner.

I don't know how.

How did that happen?

Like someone misheard someone and thought it was phone corner.

Yeah.

Classic game of telephone.

Telephone.

And it's been called phone corner ever since.

Ever since.

And these are terrible jokes that you write.

Well, I think they're good.

You think they're terrible and everyone else thinks they're terrible.

But you have to love what you do.

You believe in me?

Yeah.

You know?

What's the most important thing to do?

I'd love to do some.

OK, let's hear the theme song.

This is Reggie Watts doing the Harris' phone corner theme song.

Thanks for coming out, Reggie.

♪ Harris' phone corner ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Come on, Harris' phone corner ♪ ♪ What, yo, come on ♪ ♪ Harris' phone on the phone ♪ ♪ Give a phone ♪ ♪ It's a phone corner ♪ All right, thank you, Reggie Watts, by the way.

For that theme, Harris, you are ready to go into Harris' phone corner.

Let's get right into it.

Does anyone want to judge these?

Should we, let's do a thumbs up or thumbs down system after all these shows.

Nobody can hear that.

Yeah, just do a laugh or a laugh.

I do have a noisy thumb, though.

What do you have to do with that thumb?

Why is it so noisy?

This has been noisy for the last few years.

A couple of loose joints?

Noisy.

They call me dirty knees or noisy thumb.

Are your knees buried there?

Yeah, well, it's just an expression.

What was your name again?

Jupakarwata.

That's very hard to say.

All right, Harris, hit us with it.

What do you got?

I'm like, I've decided that I'm not going to get married until gay people can get married because I'm gay.

I like that.

I give that a thumbs up.

How's your creek?

Yes.

That one, this one is not making a noise today.

That one worked.

That one worked, Annie?

Great.

What do you got?

Thumbs up, definitely.

All right, Pah.

How do you say thumbs up in your native tongue?

Deos arriba.

That's not the just fingers in the air.

So that is nothing specific.

Like it just doesn't care.

That got a great response.

Yeah, so should we stop?

We've never had an addition of Harris's phone corner where you didn't have at least eight terrible ones.

Okay, here it goes.

I want to open a Jamaican, Irish, Spanish, small plate breakfast restaurant and call it tapas the mornin to Ja.

Oh.

That got an audible.

Oh.

She.

Annie, what do you got?

She held out her hand as like, why?

Why would you?

Yeah.

Like she was an English village woman and I pillaged her land and she's like, why?

That's the look she just gave me.

Should we go to Annie?

How do you like to vote?

Thumbs up, Thumbs down?

I just, just two thumbs, just two hands out.

Just two palms.

And stretched forward up to the heavens.

All right.

Zach, what do you got?

Oh, better than the first one.

You liked it better.

Mm-hmm.

Keep improving.

Chupa.

I didn't even like that.

Well, the baby is here.

Why?

Why didn't you like that?

Because you understand.

Well, you have to grow up a little bit before you can understand humor.

I know.

I'm sorry.

I can't even be brief by myself.

I need that tiny plastic spoon.

Well, most people eat breakfast with a spoon of some sort.

You just shouldn't worry about having to put a spoon in your mouth.

This is your winners on their plate.

Oh, okay.

I understand.

All right, Harris, you're at, I don't know, you're not 50- 50.

I think you're at about 75-25.

All right.

About half of us like that one.

Great to good.

All right.

Here's next dosage.

I think that instead of them trying to desalenize the ocean , they should just add pepper.

Instead of trying to desalenize the ocean, they should just add pepper.

All right.

Let's go around the room.

Chupa.

This segment be called Harris' Twitter Drafts.

Things that don't make it to Twitter.

These have not made it to Twitter, right?

That is correct.

These are your, these are deemed not good enough for Twitter.

Well, it's just like the movie, Synecticky, New York.

Too many characters.

That is the best yoga record.

Yeah, I like that one too.

Zach, what do you think of that one?

Of the Synecticky thing.

Let's ignore the joke and go right to the commentary.

I think the joke on it just by itself is pretty strong.

Man.

I feel like...

I think maybe, I don't know if you would have maybe opened with that or enclosed with it or do you stand up ever again?

Just book in it.

Zach, I feel like you may be leading Harris down the wrong path.

You're trying to sabotage his career.

I know what humor is like.

Yeah.

Anybody got?

Yeah, I would stand behind that one.

Yeah.

Which one, the Synecticky?

Yes, Synecticky.

Although I thought that movie was maybe just too long.

Not too many characters.

That was not the problem.

Yeah, not too many characters.

No, not too many characters.

I thought that maybe that movie was too truthful.

It revealed too much about the human condition.

Yeah.

Yeah, I understand that.

Who was that?

Who was that David, maybe anything?

No, no, that's Charlie Kaufman.

It was Rodan Directis.

Oh, sorry.

You should say it.

Calvin, it's interesting.

All right, Harris.

I went to Jack in the Box.

It was open 24 hours and I got there on the 26th hour and it was closed.

It was because it's only open.

I don't know how to phrase that.

But Zach, you know what I'm going for.

Yeah.

I'd use somebody besides Jack in the Box because they actually are open 26 hours.

So that could give you people.

Yeah.

All right.

I love to use a Marie calendars.

Yeah.

All right, we'll do it.

That's a little pro tip from Zach Alifenakis.

Yeah.

He's a very successful comedian who's toured stadiums.

Have you done stadiums?

What?

No, I haven't.

Not one stadium?

You did that also in the Red Left or Outfit.

All right, that was Eddie Murphy.

Okay.

What about when you did Mass and Square Garden and the Round?

And I played the Houston Sportatorium once.

That holds 32,000 people.

I'm from Houston.

Yeah.

So the Bojangles Biscuits Sportatorium.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I know it as Bojangles Biscuits.

They're most racist in the stadium in that country.

More racist than this character.

Yeah.

Andy, what did you think of?

What do you call that?

That's not even a joke.

It's well, it's foam.

What do you think of that foam?

Some are just thoughts.

Yeah, I'm going to go with Zach.

Yeah.

Just confusing that it's Jack in the Box?

Well, no.

She's going with me to Marie Callender.

Yeah.

In my Marie Callender, Marie Callender is a building that wears a dress.

When I hear Marie Callender, I picture a building in a nice print and long dress.

Yeah.

Okay, let's vote on that.

You should, yeah.

Foamy, you might want to take that one.

That's pretty abstract.

I don't know.

All right, Foamy.

All right.

I think it's weird that, okay, does anyone genuinely know why I got a grocery store?

They offer a cashback option.

Is that just to be nice?

Cashback, how does that work again?

No, you just buy food and they go, would you like cash?

And then that's like the bank offering you zucchinis.

You know what you got to do?

Because you got to follow it up with like, you got to be real confident in that delivery.

No, I can't.

And then just go use the word like genius like, oh, way to go genius.

Way to go genius.

That's like, yeah, who's the Einstein that thought of this thing?

Yeah, yeah.

Thanks a lot, Einstein.

Thanks a lot, Amadeus.

Do you think people said that's Einstein?

When people genuinely thanked Einstein did it sound sarcastic.

Thanks a lot, Einstein.

No, probably not yet.

For that cup of milk that I borrowed.

Yeah, like, hey, thanks, Einstein.

Is that going to make it to Twitter or is that just stay in the corner?

I don't know if I could get like the tone across on Twitter .

I think if you put an exclamation point after and you were like, thanks a lot, Comma, Einstein.

Yeah, OK, it's going on Twitter.

All right, let's do it.

In fact, tweet that the day this drops.

OK.

Why don't you just do a video of you saying it and then people could just click it on, right?

That's the way the inflections there.

That's true.

That's an effort for people.

Why?

The tension spans these days.

All right, do you have any more or?

This is topical.

Oh, good.

Well, really topical about ear wolf.

OK.

Because you know, Jeff from ear wolf just had a baby.

Sure.

And then named the baby Arden.

Do you think they, before that happened, there was like a, well, what about this song?

Let's name her Arden in here.

Oh.

Do you think they said that?

I guess I'm asking if they actually said that.

Oh, I got it.

Let's name her Arden in here.

And they were in a room when they said this?

Yeah.

I didn't know we could come on and just read bad jokes.

Why do you have some?

Maybe.

Let us know.

Do it.

I usually just go on stage.

Zach's phone corner.

I've always wanted to open a, I mean, have a Greek sitcom called Olive Lucy.

That belongs in the corner.

You think Zach is infringing on your phone corner?

I just, I invite it.

I invite it.

It's like capitalism.

It keeps me, keeps business good when you have competition or competition.

And what do you think of that one?

Wait, a couple jokes back.

Wait, which, yeah, well, we got the Olive, Olive Lucy.

Yeah, no, that's a clear winner.

You seem to be very, you were almost dismayed when I said let's get, let's name her Arden in here.

Yeah, no, it was just, it was.

You seem unhappy.

No, I just had a very visceral sort of painful reaction to it.

That's not to mean that you're unhappy with.

Yeah, which, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I enjoyed it.

But I'm just trying to get a reaction.

That's all I'm trying to do.

I'm surprised how fast you guys got that.

That took me a while to.

Well, it was, it was stumbled through for like a whole mint , like I didn't even get it outright.

Let me just be clear that I know the punchline.

The, the reason that tumor is because your, let's get retarded in here.

Yes.

Or get it started in here, which is the, the remake.

Yeah, yeah.

So is that what you thought it was?

Well, yeah, I was thinking let's get it started in here.

It's only by the clean versions of CDs.

Yeah.

Yeah, I don't like that word.

You?

That must be a trouble for you when you're buying hip hop CDs.

Just.

Oh, yeah.

What was it?

Yeah, no, just if there's that for a little guidance sticker.

Yeah, you don't want, yeah, you don't want that in your house.

Absolutely not.

Remember the days when they would bleep out the, the song, the lyrics and the songs.

Now they just like take, take the actual lyric out, but the days where it was just like you couldn't listen to an W.A. record without hearing.

They kind of do the, the scratch it thing.

It'll be like, let's get Smish Mar But so they changed it to let's get it started in here.

Are you, are you still touring the country explaining that song?

It's my one man show.

I dress up like Mark Twain.

And I explain that song.

One man show, one man audience.

All right, Harris, do you have any more?

Do you have one final one?

Yeah, I'll close it out with.

And then let's get ready to, with that theme for Harris's phone.

This isn't even really a joke, but um, you could have said that before all of these, by the way, this isn't even an attempt at a joke.

I'm just, I just want to talk to you Scott.

I'm pretty sad today.

Oh, well, why is that?

I hate to hear that.

Well, I just, I had my first unenjoyable go T.A. listening session.

I knew it was coming, but I don't know.

Now it's just, just somebody that I used to know that I used to know.

I think it's best we just move on and don't even address that.

Thank you so much, Harris.

Thank you, Scott and the panel.

Yeah, you're going to stick around.

You're going to stick around?

Yeah, stick around.

Oh, I didn't know we had the choice to know you have no choice.

Oh, it's my meter.

What time is it?

We have someone taking care of that, don't we?

Yeah, just make sure they don't touch the car.

It's kind of hard to do, but no, not when you're feeding a meter.

Just don't, whoever it is, they shouldn't look at the car, touch it.

You look at it, do you have some sort of alarm system where if you look at your car that it goes on?

No, that's why I'm saying just tell them not to look at it.

Does it have some sort of inferiority complex where?

I just don't want it to get damaged.

Okay.

I don't want to go into it.

It's a great car.

Who's feeding the meter?

None of your business.

No, it's not Rita, is it?

Oh, meter made?

Why would I meet their maids?

Someone who is there to monitor the amount of money be feeding the meter?

Love, Looza.

It's what you need.

Love, Looza.

All right.

Can we, what do you say we do a song?

What do you think?

Let's do a song.

Wow.

Do you want to say the title of this one or do you want to actually just go into it?

Which do you?

Oh, yeah, let's just do it.

Okay, great.

This is St. Vincent's unique pleasure of ours to have her on the show.

Here we go.

You ready?

Picking up her guitar?

Okay, let's hear it.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

I spent the summer on my back.

Another time, staying just together long.

Get along, get along, turn off the TV, waiting back.

A blue and a red, a little something to get along.

Get along, get along, get along.

Get along, get along.

Best finest surgeon, come cut me open.

I spent the summer on my back.

I don't want to be a cheerleader anymore.

I've played dumb when I knew better.

I don't want to be a cheerleader anymore.

I've played dumb when I knew better.

I don't want to be a cheerleader anymore.

I just try to picture my ears as a vagina.

Usually things would go into your ears like you would be able to.

I don't want to be a cheerleader anymore.

I love a good tour de force.

The world's dead.

Thank you.
