How many times on the show do I get to say that someone's credits include the movie Police Academy?

Well, I do today because Bobcat, Gulfweight, famous stand- up comic, now turn director, his new movie God Bless America, comes out Friday.

He is here in the studio, we're gonna talk about directing, we're gonna talk about stand-up comedy, we're even gonna talk about his personal life.

Plus an old friend of ours comes by.

All of that and more, all on today's...

♪♪♪ Eat your macaroni, Clarence.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much for that fan submission.

Logeye55, eat your macaroni, Clarence.

I see Bobcat, I'm talking to my guests right now, by the way, but fans submit catchphrases for me and just in case any stick.

That's a great...

And it's also an old blues song.

Is it really?

Eat your macaroni?

Eat your macaroni, Clarence.

I could just imagine.

It's my Hound Dog Taylor.

Give me back my wig and then his lesser known head, Eat your macaroni.

Not as successful.

He had a very narrow scope.

Well, back when he wrote it, people weren't so concerned with starches, but now...

People weren't so concerned with not eating things.

They were mainly concerned with not having enough food.

Yeah, they just weren't eating everything.

You didn't have to tell someone to eat.

You didn't have to imply that there were starving children in China.

Let me explain who I'm talking to, by the way.

First of all, this is Comedy Bang Bang.

I am Scott Ockerman, your host, and it's a fantastic May program.

First week of May.

Yeah.

It's a great time when the...

Back East, when the dog poo unfreezes...

Starts to heat up.

Yeah.

It's just...

Or maybe that was just my yard as a kid, but my goodness.

And then the...

Aren't you cleaning up your dog poo in your yard?

It's just like a very...

No, because it's snow.

You let the dogs out, right?

Wait, who...

It was actually my brother Tommy's job.

So we answered that question today.

Answering the musical question.

Let the dogs out.

It was Tom Goldwey.

And they...

So the snow, it snowed so much in Syracuse that when Spring came, you would find a lot of dog poo, of course.

But there would also be the beer bottles and cans from the teenage parties that you had that you could even pick them up or find them.

So dog poo mixed with old stale beer.

Yeah.

Occasionally a teenager.

Just a dead teenager.

Who didn't make it home, yeah.

Well I still haven't introduced you.

I'm a bad host, but this is...

Of course you know him as a stand of comedian.

One of the most famous stand of comedians in the world in the 1980s.

In the 80s I was huge, yes.

We should just say I'm Bob Scratch Goldfarb.

I am...

Actually someone did ask me if I was Bob Scratch Goldfarb once.

Yeah.

I knew that Bob Scratch Goldfarb and I went, yes.

Mike, what is the quickest way to get away from this person ?

And that's the answer, yes.

I would love if you changed your professional name to that.

To Bob Scratch Goldfarb.

I have no problem with that.

I like Bob Scratch Goldfarb.

It's just as good as Bob Cate Goldfarb.

Yeah, Bob Cate Goldfarb.

Which by the way Bob Cate Goldfarb.

That's who I am, yeah.

In case people don't recognize my real voice.

That's right.

You guys have not Bob Cate Goldfarb.

You used to do a fake voice.

Yeah.

Not a fake.

I mean your real voice sort of gets in.

You could go to fake voice.

You were called at a fake voice to my face.

No.

But it was, yeah.

It was like a character.

It is a character.

It was a character.

But what the funny part is, is I am sometimes when I'm doing a newspaper interview, a print interview and people go, ah, there's that voice.

I'm like, oh man, just me man.

I'm just waking up and I might be a little flummy.

So I had a persona and then just recently I kind of just did.

You just ended it, really?

I've had just a few years ago.

I mean like when I would do stand up in the heartland, those folks, well you saw me, if you saw me do stand up maybe here.

But when I go out, you know, for the longest time, again we 're touching upon the 80s.

But anywhere where it still was the 80s, that's how I've paid my bills all these years.

Right, yeah.

And just recently I said I can't do it.

Even if there is an expectation from the audience to hear me go, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, I just can't anymore.

I feel like I saw you in probably 95 or so and you did one sentence and you said, there I did the voice.

Oh really?

Yeah.

And yeah, I just put a bullet in the head.

I did the voice, I'm not doing it anymore.

Is that his dad baby?

Yeah, but I do stand up, you know.

So you've been doing it around the country lately, right?

Yeah, and I just had a Showtime special called, you don't look the same.

Neither.

Because I don't look the same, but I also think I look like a guy who's going to be 50 at the end of May.

Oh, is that really your age currently?

Yeah, at the end of May.

Yeah, happy birthday.

Well, thank you.

But that's a milestone.

That is a milestone.

Congratulations.

Yeah.

I don't know what I'm going to do.

Torn between, um, hang gliding and spelunking.

Are you going to be one of those guys who when you get older, you're just going to try crazy things because it's like, well, I'm going to die in a few years anyway.

No, because I've already had, you know, I mean, there's never like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, I've always filled my life with, you know, I've repe lled and nude from the roof of the Oakland Coliseum during a Nirvana concert.

So it's not like I ever said.

You don't say.

Yeah.

So usually when I'm car paid, damn, like I was once at a, oh, by the way, that reminds me I, I was, I was halfway through a day and I looked down and I didn't have like a little bit of toothpaste on my shirt.

I had this big glob, like a gigantic glob of toothpaste.

And no one said anything to you.

And I said goodbye to my wife.

I said, hey, goodbye.

It's your bye, honey.

You know, and she just looked at me.

You're the kind of guy that people expect to have tooth paste on your shirt.

I'm like, I had birdcrapped on me.

My wife just looked at me, saw this big glob and said, go get him my hero.

Go out.

Carpe diem.

See he's the day, my warrior.

Go out there.

So, um, yeah, I've always been kind of like, you know, I, I , and I pass this on to my daughter, you know, that, that, um, you know, when, when you have to do it, you know, even when there's nobody else there to witness it sometimes.

Like I once was doing a comic really benefit and Michael Bolton was the headline.

And I'm like, well, I'm never going to have access to Michael Bolton.

You know, so nobody was, nobody wanted to see me anyways.

Like I already bombed earlier, but he's out singing.

And I just walked out on stage and just grabbed him from the back and just started dry helping him.

And on stage while he was going to help.

Yeah.

Well, he's singing like some blues, you know, you know, really.

Yeah.

You like that, Michael Bolton.

You're a dirty girl.

So, uh, his crew tackled me and they dragged me on stage and they're yelling at me like, what was that about?

What the fuck?

Michael's going to, you know, be really mad.

And I was like, uh, tell them I'm sorry.

Uh, this just me.

No softball game tomorrow.

So, um, I apologize and then ran around the entire auditor ium came up to the other side of the stage.

But that time I didn't even make it to Bolton.

Oh, you didn't get there?

No, I got like, I was by like the kick drum and I got y anked off.

But, but yeah, I've always, so I'm not, I don't have a bucket list because I've always said, well, you're all you.

Yeah.

You've done such crazy things.

Well, not crazy.

I just think it's like, you know, it's always the importance of being able to later on say, yeah, I did that.

Right.

Yeah.

I mean, you didn't waste your fame.

You, I mean, you, that is true.

You went around dry, humping Michael Bolton.

That is true.

I didn't take it.

I didn't use it for like a good or anything.

Or no, or to get, you know, you're late or drugs or, but yeah, I used it for, uh, pranks.

For a book that I'm never going to write.

You should write that book.

I'd buy that book.

Would you?

Yeah.

I've thought about it.

I get a comp copy at least.

Yeah.

I would look through the, the, what is that before the book goes out?

The, the, the, the galleys, the galleys.

There we go.

I'll send you the galleys of, uh, I'll burn that bridge when I get to it.

It's the name of a, yeah.

That's pretty good.

Because you, you burned the thing on the tonight show.

Yeah.

So it's an item.

I choose fire and, uh, and, uh, and then I had to go to court over that.

Were you ever, I, and I'm sorry.

I don't know.

And it's an incredible amount about this incident.

Ancient history.

Yeah, it is.

But did you ever go back on the show?

Like did you men?

Yeah, I actually did like the week after he had me on the show.

But, um, so like Jay Leno didn't have any problem with it.

Um, or did he?

Oh, yeah.

He was upset and he should have been though.

That's the other thing.

Right.

But, but, um, yeah, I was on the show like a week later, but in, in people's mind, like, I think it's funny.

Sometimes I see it'll say banned from the tonight show.

And it's like, yeah, as much as Ricky Gervais was banned from the Golden Globe.

Right.

You know, when you do crazy stuff like that, they, uh, I actually had a withdraw myself from show business at that point.

Because after I set the Tonight Jump fire, I was on so many other shows.

Right.

Because everyone wants that kind of part of money.

Yeah.

And they're disappointed like, hey, you didn't, oh man, you didn't break anything.

Yeah.

That's what I don't understand when people get like upset about stuff like that.

It's like, well, why else would anyone talk about a talk show unless something crazy happens?

They're so boring.

Yeah.

Or, or the amount of scrutiny or maybe it's only us looking at the amount of scrutiny that goes on when someone hosts an award show or something like that.

Right.

Yeah.

And I wonder if it's Joe Desco.

I don't know.

I wonder if it's just people in show business.

Like I'll watch the Golden Globes or the Oscars and I'll every single joke be like going, well, that's one in the wind column.

That's one in the, you know, really?

Yeah.

I, uh, I went to the Oscars one year with a Robin Williams is my friend and his wife, uh, didn't go and he said, Hey, you know, you like all the Oscars.

I said, yes, I do.

So, so, uh, Michael Bolton.

Yeah.

So, oh, by the way, yeah, we're in the, I remember we were in the, uh, yeah, yeah.

And I just, I just grabbed his hand, you know, and made it look like we were a couple.

I was kissing him on the neck and stuff and, and so my, my daughter's like, what did you do last night?

People were asking me if you're gay at school.

So, so, um, so, oh, and then I remember that too, cause I had a cap on and be paparazzi.

They go, Hey, Joey pants.

I thought it was Joey pants.

So, so I get into the Oscars and I'm now, cause I'm with Robin.

It's like third or fourth row, you know?

Yeah, that's really close.

And I knew that like if I kept laughing and clapping, I would get on camera a lot and I laughed.

I couldn't even hear the jokes.

I was just, ah, cause everybody was really serious and kind of nervous, maybe.

Yeah, nervous.

Yeah.

Not having a good time, but they cut to me four times.

And at one point I hear this other person laughing as much as I am.

And it's a woman.

I hear, and I look over and.

It's Oprah and Oprah and I make contact.

Oh, you go girl.

Yeah.

So, so yeah, people, it was kind of funny when I was ego surfing after that, people were like, whoa, what was Bob Gaggle doing at the Oscars?

It's just like, I don't know.

But I was so happy.

I really did look like a make a wish kit.

You know, it was so sting that.

It was Billy, Billy Crystal.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

And you're just laughing at every single thing you saw.

Oh sure.

I, I really wasn't listening.

I just was howling the laughter.

That's a fun exercise.

I think my friend did that when he went to go see that terrible movie epic movie.

I don't know if you've seen any of those.

And just try to laugh at me.

You have to every joke.

Yes.

It was so funny to watch it with him because no one else is laughing in the theater and he's laughing hysterically at ever sarcastically.

Right, right.

But every single thing, it's so fun to do.

I like to, my wife's a really hard laugh.

So like when we're at a Hollywood.

Meaning heart, she's, it's hard to make her laugh or she laughs hard.

Yeah.

But, but like when we're at a premiere or something of something that's not particularly funny, I love to just like gooser and so should be like, no, not for the film.

Yeah.

That's explaining.

My husband has his knuckle in my ass.

I'm sorry.

I didn't find that.

I get a lot of screenplays, not a lot, but I do get a fair amount of screenplays.

Sent to you to direct.

To direct and which mainly you just direct you around.

I only direct the stuff I write and this and nobody ever gives me a firm offer.

You know, it's all this.

Are you interested?

Yeah, I don't understand that whole process, but I get those scripts.

But the majority of them, and I'm not kidding.

And this is before, I guess, Bridesmaid has a big long scene where people crap, right?

Yeah.

Always by page scenes.

Before page 30, this is a crap scene.

Somebody craps their pants.

Yeah.

And they go, you know what'd be good at this?

Bobcat.

Bobcat's the go to guy for.

Well, I mean, it's crap.

I think that's a good segue into your direction career because your career, your sort of known for films that kind of go the extra mile in terms of offensive content.

But it's not necessarily crap.

But they're not.

The things that happen in the movies aren't the punchline.

Right.

Do you know what I'm saying?

They're always...

It's the emotional themes or the narrative themes.

Right.

That follows and it's like, you know, like sometimes a criticism will be that these are just one joke movies.

And I'm like, what kind of comedies are you going to that?

Someone blows a dog and then something else happens.

Like that's traumatic enough.

I saw 21 Jump Street and there's a scene at the end, spoiler alert, where a guy gets his penis shot off and then he picks it up with his mouth.

Now, that's just like a throw away.

Now if it was my movie, that would be the whole movie.

And you would deal with the ramifications of it.

The occasion of him getting his penis shot off, his family life afterwards, just him getting over his weird homophobia.

It's almost like your films delve deeper into those types of jokes than the normal just like, oh, he got his penis shot off, which was very funny in 21 Jump Street, by the way.

But to me, it's tragic.

I was like, oh dear God, I think the worst thing that's ever happened.

I mean, if you really were a guy who got your penis shot off, that's a whole movie.

That's an awesome movie.

Yeah, that's a seer.

I mean, I think that's six seasons in a movie.

Well, and the other thing is, without sounding too pret entious, the last three movies I made that things happen that I would say are usually nice people that do things that are bad.

And there's always a theme in the movie at the end, somewhere in there.

It's about something.

I think that's important for me before I go off and make something to be excited about.

And the new movie, which is coming out into theaters.

It's out late May 11th.

It'll be eight.

So it'll be out in four days or five days.

It'll be out Friday.

And very, and select cities, as they say.

Yes.

But folks can get it now, like on iTunes and VOD and things like that.

Yeah.

And I've been all around going to all different festivals.

And I've, I saw it at South by Southwest.

It's called God Bless America, by the way.

And describe sort of what it's about.

I mean, I could do it, but you don't want me to do it.

Well, it's a movie about a guy who is diagnosed with a tumor in his head.

And wait, it gets funnier.

And then he, he decides to, while he's about to commit suicide, because of other things too in his life, his life is pretty horrible.

He's watching a show that's super, that's a lot like super sweet 16.

Actually, I don't even think I changed his name.

I think it's called Super Duper Sweet 16 is something.

And he's watching the show a reality program.

A reality program by the horrible girl who gets a car and she's yelling at her parents because she got the wrong one, which is, was on that show my super sweet 16.

So instead of committing suicide that night, he drives 400 miles and he shoots that girl in the face.

And then her classmates like, did you kill Chloe?

And he doesn't say anything.

And she's like, awesome.

So she convinces him life's worth living because there's so many people that need to die.

This girl who really hated Chloe.

Chloe, yeah.

That joins him in his quest, the cross America, to kill people who deserve to die.

Yeah.

And in her mind, everyone deserves to die.

She doesn't, she's an angry teenage girl who is, she's the kind of kid that would be invisible, but it's actually really smart.

You know, I didn't want to have her be goth and I didn't want her to be, but she's just an invisible kid who's really smart and bitter and nuts.

And Frank isn't really as nuts.

Frank really want, I mean he's homicidal and he knows that 's not normal, but you know, he just wants to kill people who aren't nice.

That's all.

Right.

And be it, you know.

You see in the early stages of his life that that's a big issue for him is just people being nice to each other.

Yeah.

And it's not like just people cutting each other off in line in the grocery store.

It's just that this, where this culture where we're very nasty where, where we celebrate nastiness on TV and the radio and on the internet and everything.

But you know, and I understand that.

I mean, a bar has never emptied out because I said, two guys are getting along in the parking lot.

Let's all watch.

But it's just that I want to go into a bar now and yell that at some point.

Everybody.

These two guys who are amble, cool.

The parking lot, which is having a very pleasant conversation.

We need to do that and then just have guys, well, that's a nice that's a really, did you lose weight?

I was going to say that shirt looks nice, but I think it might be you lost weight too.

It's a good plan.

Let's do it.

Yeah.

Let's go.

Maybe we're just planning on going to a bar right now.

Is that what is that?

We're doing.

Get out of this.

Get tight.

Let's just go.

Maybe.

Why am I responding to this idea?

I like this.

But let's forget the parking lot part.

Yeah.

Let's 10 in the morning right now.

I should mention while we're taking this.

I just go to a bar.

Yeah.

It sounds kind of trite that his whole thing is about being nice.

It's just like, you know how like everything, you know, it 's Fox News.

Let's take that for example.

Bill O'Reilly and anybody that's calling progressive and liberals, they're saying they're not patriotic and they demonize each other, both sides.

But I think the right really does do a bigger job of it.

There's no more discussion.

You just tear everybody apart.

You're not interested in coming up with any solutions.

You're not interested in what's good for the country or good for people.

You just want to bash and instill fear.

Now that's one example of it.

But then on the other hand, there's also just, you know, the common sense and common decency.

Like at one point, there's kids who are texting in a movie theater and they get shot.

Now, I like when I ego surf going on YouTube in the comments, it's just like, ah, this is terrible.

Well, well, I don't support any kind of killing.

Right.

Yeah, this is a satirical movie.

Exactly.

You're not actually saying that this should happen.

No, not at all.

In fact, that's...

You're trying to understand the rage though and it's, you know, exaggerating it for a comedic effect.

And I'm, you know, most common, not most common, most movies or a lot of movies are action.

They're all motivated with killing.

So people don't mind killing as long as it's justified by their standards of who should get killed.

And I don't think anybody should get killed.

Period.

You know, that's one thing that I do agree with Bill Riley is, you know, he's against the death penalty.

And you're against the death penalty.

Yeah.

But I don't think he matches that too much on his show.

I really have a problem with him too because he just wants to just say everybody in Hollywood is a pinhead.

And it's just like, you know, it's bold coming from a failed entertainment reporter.

You know what I mean?

Like, it gets really boring.

And so it's interesting, like, the comments and things that people have made about the movie, of course, who haven't seen it.

But, you know, they say that it's just everybody's insane, you know.

Yeah, well, I mean, I get called a dirty kike a lot, which is pretty funny.

Oh good.

Yeah.

And it's just funny because I'm not Jewish.

But somehow they know you're dirty though.

But they do know that I'm dirty.

And that's a given.

If you look at me, you go, yeah, that guy's dirty.

But yeah.

So we pants.

Jody pants is a dirty kike.

So I, you know, I guess, do you ever, yeah, what do you make of that?

Because I'm not in general.

I'm not in social media.

And I had a kick a guy off who was playing me.

He was trying.

He was harassing a girl from a reality show named Sugar.

Oh, yeah, yeah, from Survivor.

Yes.

And he was on, meaning he set up a fake Bobcat gold card Twitter account.

And I've always thought, like, why would you say you're me?

But figured it out.

Like if you say you're George Clooney and then you go meet the person, they go, you're not George Clooney, how rump?

But if you say you're me and you're not me, you still got a dog in the fight.

Yeah.

Or yeah, I could be him.

I haven't seen him in the 80s.

We don't know what he looks like.

Some old guy gets you up.

I'm Bob.

Can't go away.

Okay.

Sure.

But so yeah, I had a kick a guy off.

I'm not a social media.

So what do you do with comments?

I, you know what?

When my show was a little less popular when it was just like you had to search it out to find it, I really only had nice people talking about it.

Cool.

But now that it's more popular, now the world's most terrible people try to contact me.

Right.

Why is that?

What is with human nature?

Yeah, why I've never understood.

Well, I always kind of, I've talked about this on something else.

I've had it on a different show, but I've always kind of seen it as jealousy.

Like it's all, anytime I make a snarky joke about a TV program or something, I think it's based in my own jealousy.

Oh sure.

It's like, I should be doing better and they are.

Or I should have that show on HBO that took Entourage's, that Entourage took the spot.

Right.

You know what I mean?

It does a lot of times of people like, you know, wherever they are going, well, what?

I mean, why should that person be an entertainer and be, you know, and I'm not much of an entertainer.

I know like, I had, I just, when I was ego surfing, I was in a podcast called Keith and the Girl and it went horribly wrong.

It just went really off the rails.

The first thing they wanted to ask me about was Jay Moore who married my ex.

Right.

And it's just like, if you open with that, like what do I actually, yeah.

And they were like, hey, do you hate him?

It's like, I don't like him, but I also don't have my Jay Moore chunk ready to go.

And also what a weird way to open an interview.

So it went off the rails.

And then this guy tweets recently that my, my Showtime special is, is I'm a hack and all this stuff and you're like going, but you were kissing my ass when I did your podcast and now I'm a hack.

Oh, the same got the same guy.

Yeah.

Because I won't get a, cause I had Michael Jackson jokes and he said that there was some old material that he's, there's like 10 years ago and it's like, I did do a lot of old material on that Showtime special because nobody's seen it.

Right.

Yeah.

I'm sorry if you're an Uber fan, you know, but I don't understand.

I, I, well, that's exactly what I'm talking about, that, that nasty culture.

Like, like I, my life is an open book.

If someone wants to ask me stuff, I will talk about everything, but it's how you present it.

You're trying to get me mad or you're trying to get me to say horrible things, which I will say by the way.

Now, now I feel like I should be asking you questions to get you to say horrible things.

Oh, well, I'm good at that.

Yeah.

I like, I have a lot of singers about Jay Moore.

He just didn't present it that way.

It's like, let's hear him.

Okay.

Jay Moore has never tried anything that he hasn't seen another comedian do first in regards to I have no comment on that.

Please come on.

He's a guy that, it's so weird.

Like, if you do, it's, you can do other people's bits as long as you do it as an impression.

That's weird.

Well, he, he did talk in his book about how he, he admitted that he, on SNL, he stole someone's bit.

Yeah, but that's, that's not us.

They're not you.

I'm not.

No, no, but yeah, he has done that, but, but, but like it's really funny.

Like, you know, it's not, I am not obsessed with him.

That's the other thing.

I do, I do keep up with him because he, he does weird stuff like a hill call club I'm playing and then re try to get a whole bunch of like a table, he'll like request, he books seats so they don't get sold.

Oh, it's like, wow, how do you know that?

Because I go to the club owner, they go, I think a friend of yours is pranking you.

I got a call from California.

I'll call it back.

It's Jay Moore.

So weird.

Maybe he is praying.

Maybe it's just a playful prank.

It is a playful prank.

Yeah, I'm sure.

Yeah.

He should try to bust some of that comedy out in his act.

Oh, yeah.

Wait, here's my point.

I will say what I feel, but if you're trying to get me to goat or get mad at me and stuff and yeah, well, I don't want to have a feud.

I don't, I just wish we all want to get along with everybody, right?

No, not really.

I think there's some evil people out there and you shouldn 't get along with them.

Are you saying Jay Moore is an evil person?

No, no, I think he's, he's nothing.

I mean, he's just a goofball.

I mean, he's, he's like getting mad at Ryan Seacrest or something.

Oh, really?

I don't keep up with it.

So I don't know.

Oh, no, I don't have a beef with him.

I know he has a podcast.

Would you go on his podcast?

Um, sure.

I'd love to.

It'd be great.

I think he does it in his house.

It'd be great to see my accent stuff.

Hey, you guys do it.

No point.

Your ex was in the Mr. Show movie, by the way.

Yes, she was.

She, she, uh, that's the only time I've ever met her.

Oh, no.

I, I, I, yeah, I don't know why I'm talking about him.

I was bringing it up as a point of that.

I will talk about anything.

It's just how you present it.

If you, if you're having me on to get me all fueled up, let 's get Bob scratch.

Wait, I'll hang.

Gold farm.

Bob scratch.

Gold farm.

Well, the, the movie is God bless America.

It's out.

You can see it, but it'll be out in theaters, which is, you know, a lot of people's preferable way of seeing if I like it when folks see it, but I don't think people understand my movies make hundreds of dollars.

Right.

Actual hundreds of dollars in the theater.

So this is your fifth movie.

It is my fifth movie that I've directed, but, uh, Wendy city heat.

One of my favorites of all time.

Oh, thanks.

Thanks.

But when he said he heat, I have to say is the, uh, a culmination of all the other folks that were involved.

I did direct it, but it's more like you're a ringleader of a, like stuff happening around.

Yeah.

Or, or ringleader would be a good way to describe it.

But, but in terms of narrative films, this is your fourth, fourth.

But it, I would say, uh, cause, uh, the people have this fondness now for shakes the clown that was not opening day.

Did you realize I did up in, uh, San Luis Obispo.

Did you enjoy it?

Yeah, I did.

Did you go, what the hell was that?

You know, I, what's, I was 20, I was 20 years old.

No, I knew what it was.

I, I went in like going, I'm going to go see.

I'm going to enjoy the clown.

Yeah.

No, I, I went in and I was 20 years old and the interesting thing to me, I've told Tom this, uh, cause we worked together obviously, but, uh, Tom Kenny was the first stand of comedian I ever saw live in a club.

Uh, he, I saw, I went to someplace downtown.

It's not there anymore.

I don't remember what it was, but there was a night of 12 comedians on doing, you know, seven minutes in a row and he was the very first one.

And so, uh, I recognized him in shakes and I was like, Oh my God, there's that guy that I saw.

There's Benkey the clown.

Yeah.

And, uh, and then Sandler's in it too, right?

Yeah, I'm Sandler probably the last scale plus 10 performance of Adam Sandler.

And so I, and he was on SNL of the time and I was a fan of his.

And so I just was like, I was primed to see that movie.

And you know, I think maybe, I don't know, not everything works, but I was like, yeah, I thought it was a really great, I think shakes is a really , uh, uh, I, I think it's not really about anything is one of the problems.

Oh, I see.

There's no theme.

It's just kind of more jokes that you.

It's just an angry guy making a movie about angry clowns.

I was really making fun of stand up comics, you know, but people don't pick up on that.

When did you sort of learn to put, uh, like emotional themes in your movies?

Like when did you kind of.

Well, that was just later on when I started writing again, which I was almost 20 years later that, that, you know, I don't really think much about , uh, like the outcome of the movie.

I just kind of, these are just the scripts that kind of come out of me.

But now I.

You just start riffing on something that you're thinking about at the time.

And.

Yeah, I mean, I usually have a theme that I want us to discuss or, and then I have a, a world that I like to set it in, but I don't consider any of these like accurate slices of a real world that I'm familiar with, you know, I mean.

What if you did some sort of a memoir type movie?

You growing up in the, in the dog poop coming out when the snow melts.

Sure.

It's finding it.

Uh, yeah, you know, maybe someday we'll do my wonder years.

You like a little, uh, who directed the diner Barry, Barry Levinson?

Yeah, Barry Levinson doing like in America.

My old man was really bananas.

Like he, he, uh, he would do stuff like say he was going to jump into a jar mayonnaise from the top of the refrigerator and he would open the jar mayonnaise and he'd have like, he'd put like a motorcycle helmet on.

Was your, was your dad one foot high?

He was a tiny little man.

He is a little, he's a little pewchian.

No, my old man, and here that opened up the doors and all the neighborhood kids and he wouldn't be doing like, Hey, I'm going to jump in a baby's jar.

He's like kids today's the day.

I'm going to jump into a jar mayonnaise and, and, and we would go, wow.

And he had actually put on like a swimsuit and then have a helmet and, and, uh, sometimes a cape was involved and he would just sell it.

Like he strayed as a heart attack.

And clearly I think he influenced my comedy.

Oh, yeah.

I would say so.

If you have a father like that, I can't see how you could help.

The B and one for the first.

It was terrifying.

Then when I realized he wasn't going to jump in the jar may onnaise or he wasn't going to jump the above ground pool on a dirt bike, which was a really brilliant stroke.

What he did on that one was he built a ramp and then he kept taking them bike up and down the, you know, how evil can evil work.

Trying it out.

Yeah.

But what are we doing?

He's running out of gas.

So he got going, Hey, I'm doing it over.

Oh, yeah.

How did he get out of the man?

He's one.

Did he just make it out of the jar?

He's one.

I don't remember how he would get out of it.

Or maybe there wasn't enough mayonnaise in the jar.

Oh, it was called off.

Someone finally take the lid off and he goes, Oh, I'll kill myself.

It's half full.

He was a, yeah.

So he was a suburban performance artist that was most of his antics were fueled by Budweiser.

He's got to have a sponsor.

What did he think of your comedy career?

Somebody liked.

I think I don't know.

I had him open for me once because later on in life he became a magician and he was really bad.

He was really bad.

What was his stage name?

Tom Terrific.

Maybe you heard of him.

Great.

Well, I remember he was terrific.

He was terrific.

And it looked like Reverend Finster, you know, the member of the naive artist who would be like on the REM albums and talking heads because he would make his own props.

And I would say like it would be dangerous, it might say across it.

And then he like a guillotine.

He'd make his own guillotine.

Oh boy.

I remember he almost actually killed an ex because he put her in there and then he's about threaded a chopper out of this bolt rolls off.

Oh God.

I don't think he would have killed.

He would have pissed her off basically.

Was it actually sharp?

It was the kind of thing where he was like a piece of sheet metal.

I mean, it would have hurt.

But yeah, I can't stand hearing about things like that.

Oh really?

Things going awry or stunts on movies is killing people.

Oh yeah.

Well, stunt killing someone will actually bother me in watching the movie.

But like, like have you ever seen the, now you say it bothers you, but have you ever seen the magicians that do that thing where they'll have like a styrofoam cup and one of them's got a nail in it?

Oh yeah.

And then they crush it because every once in a while if you , if you YouTube that they do.

There's ones that go wrong.

Oh God.

I can't stand it.

All right.

On that note, why don't we take a break?

When we come back, we will have more Bob Kecklethwaite, more comedy bang bang coming right up.

I'm America.

Fuck yeah.

Coming again to save the motherfucking day.

Yeah, America.

Fuck yeah.

Freedom is the only way and tears.

Your gear is through.

Now you have to answer to America.

Fuck yeah.

America.

Fuck.

Comedy bang bang, we are back with Bob Kecklethwaite, my special guest for this entire time.

I'm not Bob Scratch Goldfarb.

But I'm so sorry, Bob Scratch Goldfarb.

I'm changing my name from this day.

I will have to pay a dollar every time I call you about your real name or your.

No, that's fine.

It's not like a money jar on a film set.

Bob Scratch, I'm writing it down so I don't remember.

So I don't remember.

I don't want to remember you.

I want this whole thing to be blacked out.

And we have another special guest now.

I don't know if you, I mean Bob, you.

No, I've never met him before.

This is very exciting.

I was going to say, I mean you were around in the 80s when a lot of his shows were popular, but you've never met him before.

But it is my pleasure to welcome back to the show an old favorite we have here on the show, Mr. Gary Marshall.

Hey, please call me Gary.

Sure, Gary.

It's very nice to meet you.

Nice to have you again.

Why would you pretend we haven't met before I've been on the show a billion times?

Might as well have a cut set up out in the lobby.

I would love to do that.

I would love to set up a cut for you.

Sure, I love to nap.

How old of a man are you?

Hey, John, the batteries.

Scott, I'm going to be 80 very soon.

Oh, that is.

I'm in my late 70s.

You know what strange thing goes in order?

Yes.

You know what strange to me is, is you were about to be 80 that William Shatner is technically older than you, but you've seen like you're about to be 80 for the past 50 years.

I don't know what it is.

I agree with you.

There's something about me that's I've always been kind of an older guy.

Even when I was a kid, people would be like, I'm sorry, sir .

You can't be here.

This is for children only.

And I was like, I'm a child.

I'm a baby.

I'm telling you.

Oh, forgive me.

Bob's got it.

It's nice to meet you.

Oh, thank you.

Nice to meet you.

I'm sorry.

I came right into the studio, sat down and did not acknowledge any of the choices.

No, that's all right.

You're a man of gigantic stature.

Now, do people think your sister was your daughter or what?

People thought variously that Penny Marshall, you may know as Laverne and Prad on what else.

Well, she's a director as well.

Yeah, you know, yeah.

She says she dabbles.

She dabbles.

I mean, she had a very successful career.

She had a big run.

No, I'm good for her.

Look, everybody's.

She did big.

No, I would.

She's the highest grossing female.

Oh, what is the speaking spell I am?

Me over here.

Well, I'm just saying.

Let's give her a prop.

Hey, there's an app for that.

You know, that's funny, right?

No, who who started directing first?

I started directing first.

I started back on the television shows when I was doing all the television.

Did she ever give you any pointers or help you?

I've given her a few points.

Look, she she shadowed me on Laverne and Shirley when I that show, which I created by the way, she has yet to create a television show.

So there's a few things left that she hasn't done.

So I directed many episodes of that show as she was the star of and, you know, very tumultuous relationship on the set that you can imagine the siblings with my sister, Penny Marshall, who played Laverne on Laverne and Shirley.

Yes, she was.

And I created the episode.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We got through all this.

What was the biggest fight you ever had with Laverne or Penny?

Like, you know what?

It was about whether to call a Laverne or Penny.

Well, I can see why that would.

An actor, when you get in there on the set, you know, yeah, they say just call me by my name.

She would come to the set.

She would say, please call me Laverne.

I am a first.

But you go on the scaric.

You go, this is my sister, Penny.

That's right.

I'd say Penn.

Go over there.

And that's your mark start there.

And she would say, who, who are you talking to?

Who's Penn?

I don't see a chicken.

He said that even what I didn't call a bench, you would say .

I don't see a chicken cage.

If he came with a chicken cage.

I don't see a chicken cage.

Well, it became a long hand.

I don't see a piece of copper with Lincoln's face on it.

Round it.

That was a lie because there was pennies all over the set.

That's how a lot of people don't know that about the set of Laverne and Shirley, but the entire ground, you would just sprinkle pennies around.

That's right.

I did the walls with pennies because even back then, who cared about pennies?

Yeah, exactly.

They were like trash.

I support this movement to get rid of the penny.

Not my sister, of course.

I don't endorse rounding up people named Penny and extermin ating them.

I will not sign that petition, Scott and Bobcat as well.

But you do endorse rounding up to five cents instead of a penny.

That's right.

Yeah.

Let's keep the nickel.

You need it for the meters.

I don't know.

I think the nickel is on its way out.

Really?

Yeah.

My daughter is a nickel back?

Yeah.

Hey, what's up?

Sorry if you don't mind Gary.

No, please.

I used to direct the Jimmy Kimmel show.

And the manager for Nickelback came into the booth and they said, who's the guy that lead Nickelback guy?

Chad Kroger.

They said, do not shoot his nose from profile.

Only shoot his nose straight on.

And I go, okay.

And the cameraman, they heard this and they go, Bobcat, now you just taken orders from the man.

They were really picking up.

Is that really their place?

I had a very good relationship with the cameraman.

Can I say, direct it to direct it?

You really backed down and you were a coward.

I was a bit of a coward and it haunted me all during the nickelback performance.

And sure, look, when I was directing television, Frankie and Johnny, you were in a Shirley, Morgan Mindy.

It was all about integrity.

Well, also, did you do the odd couple?

I digress.

I did some odd couples.

So I did, did you direct Slappy and the Stinkers?

Slappy and the Stinkers?

That seems like something I would have directed.

You've had a long life.

You can't remember everything.

Five kids, one sea lion, no rules.

So wait, I was sea lions?

There was one sea lion.

I don't think that was me then.

So you directed something with a lot of sea lions?

I directed some movie where there was four sea lions and they were having an adventure.

They were motorcycle gangs.

That's right.

They fell in love.

So we, so I said to the AD and the booth with the when Nickelback was on, I said, tell me when we have 10 seconds left on the air.

And so they go, 10 seconds, like, shoot the nose.

And I'll, I'll six cameras.

Shoot, man.

On the truth, Joe.

Like a really camera, three, five, four, six, and it's just this quick montage of the guys nose as we go to credits.

Did the guy come in and no, no.

Who cares?

At that point next, you know, can I ask you what was with this nose?

Was it a, it was so small.

Was it like a zero?

No, he's tiny.

He was like a, like a net fabric.

Yeah, it turns out from the profile, he has a, like a rhin estone.

He had like a bedazzled nose.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Why wouldn't you want to show that off?

What's the point?

What's the point of bedazzled something?

His people thought it made him look a little fey.

That's all.

Teena fey.

He looked exactly like Teena fey from the side.

He's in the face.

His glasses, his nose created a shadow that looked like he had glasses on and that he was a woman.

And that he was smart.

So, all right.

So Gary, Gary, yo, what's going on?

I don't have a problem with you.

Please continue to call me Gary.

Okay.

I'm sharing my interview with a fellow DGA member.

Yeah, I, I, I, I try to only, oh, you don't.

I don't have a problem.

Usually I try to only have one DGA or any guild member.

I have a question when during the weezer video, did Spike Jones have to get your permission?

Spike Jones came to my house.

My wife, Barbara met him at the door.

She said, Gary, the artful dodger is outside.

I said, what are you talking about?

I see this kid.

All right.

I see this guy.

Yeah, he's, he looks like just some kid off the street.

I find out he's a director.

He says Spike Jones.

And I said, there already is a Spike Jones and you ain't him unless you're going to make a lot of silly noises and googles.

Which he didn't.

That was your whole trip.

Yeah.

I remember that if you're not blowing a tuba and a short person comes flying out of it, you are not Spike Jones.

That's, that's, this is what I'm saying.

So he says, uh, Mr. Marshall.

No, the Z.

He says, Mr. What's that?

I see this is back Jones with the Z explains it to me.

I said, huh?

So he says, Mr. Marshall, I said, please call me Gary.

He says, uh, we don't have to do the entire conversation.

We just got sued by the pertinent details.

Let me pass it along.

If you've been living in two of the lake, let me fast forward.

This is the house is tutored.

Now the original shingles.

I said, please accompany me into the morgue from walk egg where we could talk in privacy.

So we climbed in.

You've met Orson.

It's.

So yeah, by the way, your basement from what I hear is a lot like Batman.

That's right.

You just have a lot of like, uh, knickknacks from your own personal crimes that you've solved as well as TV shows.

Right.

Also much like Batman gave a giant penny.

Giant penny.

A homage of your sister.

And that's right.

Lindbergh, baby.

Mm hmm.

Yeah.

You solve that case, didn't you?

Yeah, but I wasn't allowed to tell anybody who it was.

Yeah.

I understand that a lot of people don't remember your entire fascinating twenties before you start getting into TV production.

Yeah.

Where you're just.

You're a detective.

Yeah.

It's a boy detective.

But you were in your twenties.

So you weren't a boy detective necessarily.

It's just a guy who's maybe a little too young.

No, I was a boy.

I looked like I was in my twenties.

Oh, I see.

I was six years old.

I was the youngest child detective on record.

Well, that's how you got away with it.

That's right.

Except you looked like a 20 year old guy, but you had the brains of a six year old.

That's right.

And they would say detective Marshall and you say boy detective and call me Gary.

People thought I said, please call me Gary.

I'm a boy detective.

I'm six years old.

I'm scared of everything.

I gained.

I can't even write cursive.

I grew up in a hurry though because I gained because I looked so much older.

That's right.

I gained on trade to a lot of places.

Most of the crimes from what I understand were not murders.

They were all rapes too.

It was a lot like SVU.

I was like a special victim to unit child detective.

Boy, rape detective.

That's right.

Anyway, I put away a lot of rapists.

So I got a good record.

Is an Iced tee on SVU based on your adventures?

Most of his?

Yeah.

It was like a baby version of Iced tee.

It was like the Muppet baby special victims unit.

A lot of people don't know that Iced tee is playing a baby on that show.

Yeah, that was my idea.

I said, I said to him, play it like you're a baby who looks like he's in his 40s.

This all makes sense to me.

Back to the weezer video.

Yeah.

Whatever.

Whatever inside the egg, he says, I like to use footage from Happy Days in this video for this song.

I said, play me the song.

So he plays me the song.

I'm like, eh, go ahead.

What do I care?

It's a long time ago now if it gets a younger generation interested in Happy Days, I'm all for it.

Now, really getting worked out.

Now, I heard that Donnie Most didn't give clearance.

Who's that?

Donnie Most?

Donnie Most was in the show.

Ralph Mal.

What show?

Happy Days.

Ralph Mal.

Yeah, he was a...

What does that sound familiar?

Ralph Mal.

He had the orange hair.

He was the first one to go bald of the teenagers.

Boy, oh boy.

It rings a bell.

He was a regular on the show.

He was on every episode.

He was a comical lead.

You're not thinking of bag who was only on a couple of the early episodes.

Not only most, he was really best friend.

You're not thinking of Sticks the Black Drummer who was on the one episode where we dealt with race.

No, no, no.

And we're not talking about the Joni Loeb's Chachi drummer who would count really bored.

One, two, three, four, and then the song would start.

No, of course.

Am I remembered?

Yeah, yeah.

That sounded like the beginning of the tight note.

Ralph Mal.

He's on every show.

He would tell...

It's on the edge of my mind.

I wish I could play...

He should have done that Weezer's video and you would have remembered it.

He would tell Potsie to sit on it a lot.

So there was...

Okay, let's review.

There was Fonzie.

There was Ritchie.

There was Pot C.

Chachie.

There was Mr. and Mrs. C.

There was Chachie.

There was Arl.

There was Arnold.

Stenci.

Stenci, of course.

Yeah, yeah.

Shakesy.

What about...

Wait, who was the...

Hixie?

What was Ritchie's brother's name?

Adam?

Chuck.

Two actors played Chuck.

The Chuck got it and now...

Just couldn't get it.

What happened to him?

Nah, we just wrote him out on the show.

He was boring.

What...

What real...

I mean, I know that you wouldn't just write him out of the show.

Like, you know, you had Bibles for that show.

You know what?

It's to be fair.

You didn't even write him out of the show.

He just wasn't on anymore after all.

Right, but I know that you went around and you know what happened to him.

This was the day...

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I personally would write...

In the 50s, when a kid would go missing, you know, it wasn 't like now, it wouldn't be like on a milk carton.

Yeah, there wasn't any kind of manhunt.

Yeah, like a kid would go...

People had big families.

I mean, back when we were cavemen, we expected most of our children to die because everyone dies.

Oh, well, this is much...

You know, we just kind of shrug.

Yeah.

We invented a time machine.

He went back to caveman times and got himself trapped there .

Oh, I see.

The caveman didn't understand what the time machine was, though they had a smashed it.

That's about as crazy as anything that happened on Mark from work.

Yeah, but that's how come human beings evolved.

It's all from...

Yeah, I saw...

There's a really good video that Henry Winkler produced about adults being inappropriate with children when he's...

Oh, I've seen that.

Yeah, it's good.

Where he's Fonzie and Henry Winkler and they talk to each other.

And then there's a guy...

What?

This is without my permission.

This is done.

You're gonna go shut it down?

I'm gonna shut it down.

You should see it.

When was this made?

Isn't the...

Hey, 90s, something...

I'm not sure.

Probably when Happy Days is still on, otherwise, why would he be...

Well, he's talking to kids.

He's like, hey, I'm the Fonz and the kids are going, I don 't know who that is.

It's son of a bitch.

Can you introduce us to Screech?

Well, I'm gonna have words with them the next time I see them, which is very soon.

Why is that soon?

Is something happening in the Happy Days universe?

I'm glad you asked.

There is news in the Happy Days universe.

Is this an exclusive?

This is a scoop.

That's the scoop sound.

Is what's happening.

I'm looking at this show, Mad Men, right?

Oh yeah, great show.

Oh yeah, it's a dynamite show.

Great show.

You know, it's set in the 60s and everybody's drinking and having a good time.

So that's pretty much sums up the show.

Yeah, but oh.

Except they do a lot of talk about the backdrop of the 60s of all the social upheaval that's going on.

Kennedy.

Kennedy dying and the black people are upset for some reason and things like that.

Yeah.

And I realized, oh, I kind of forgot to address that in Happy Days at Laverne and Shirley.

Yeah, the storylines on those shows just were kind of fac ile and all about dating.

There was early episodes where I think one time we dealt with some social stuff sticks the drama and that was it.

And I was like, oh, that's kind of a lot of stuff that happened.

Maybe I should go back now and address it.

Yeah, Happy Days was sort of from the white person's point of view that we're nothing bad happened.

Look, you're right what you know, you know, and I'm white.

There's no disputing that.

That's what I knew.

Some people are disputing it.

I thought that you were kind of Italian though.

I thought you were Jewish actually.

That counts as white.

I originally thought you were Jewish because I changed my name plus your whole philosophy name plus my path.

Well, look, I'm from the Bronx.

This is how people talk Jewish non Jewish.

Everyone like that.

It's all the same in New York, the great melting pot where everybody's the same.

Are you from New York?

I'm from the Bronx.

Oh, oh, I, you know, I think my favorite thing is to listen to people from New York, find each other.

Yeah.

It's great.

Not to do more exciting when they you find another person from New York.

And they spend 20 minutes explaining what street is you're talking about businesses.

You both know.

Yeah, it's always fascinating.

It's very exciting.

I like to get super specific about like remember that stop sign on 38th Street that had the Nick in it.

Yeah.

Wow, you're getting.

I had a little roller.

Yeah.

It's a.

Happy days.

So you're going to redo the series or what are you doing?

Getting everybody back together.

It's going to pick up exactly where the series left off.

Which was Joni and Chachi's wedding is our role.

What about people a little older though?

I mean, I mean, we still got the same clothes.

I think that'll take care of it.

Yeah.

That's what makeup is for.

Yeah.

A lot of sound effects these days.

It's kind of plenty of sound effects will cover the age and in some cases death of some of the cast.

Can I just say how about introducing an age ray in just one episode?

Yes.

I don't know if people are going to buy that.

I think if you just if you just want to go.

They're flying with a guy.

Suspend your disbelief.

Wait, Mark comes from outer space and visits the happy.

That's it.

It worked, didn't it?

Mark comes from the 70s from outer space.

Out of space.

He comes from the seven outer space of the well from the 80 s.

Oh, yeah.

He was he travels from the outer space to the 60s.

To the 60s.

Yeah.

Okay.

That's a story.

Yeah.

Right.

Let's confusing about it.

And then he ends up in a bold big.

Yeah.

So this must just be a half hour special.

Just no, this is going to be a six seasons in a movie.

We're going to do six seasons in a movie.

God willing.

Wow.

And who's dead?

Who?

Al Martino?

No, I'm getting that.

Pat.

Marita played Arnold.

He's passed on Al Malinaro who played Al.

You could get Jackie Chan.

Probably for Pat Marita.

Yeah, sure.

Yeah.

I think he'd play.

He'd do a holograph like they do with Coachella.

Yeah, we had it.

We talked about it last week with the Christopher H.E.R.

That you were down with.

That you're way of Tupac's performance at Coachella.

I got grandchildren.

They won't stop talking about.

It's not your knee and talking about Tupac's.

Oh, that's sitting on my knee.

They've grown people.

Grandpa Grandpa.

Oh man.

I think as a young person experimenting with hallucinogens, that would have been an awesome show when Tupac showed up.

This is the kind of thing we're going to get into.

Coachella.

I would have crapped myself.

What the fuck?

Ah!

I feel bad for the people who saw the seconds week.

They didn't get to experience it the way the first people did.

Yeah, because he came out and said the same thing.

It's like boring.

This guy can't ad lib.

Did the first people not know it was going to happen or something?

The first people when you say that, you mean the first tribe?

Yeah, the first people of Earth that Chuck Cunningham, they actually did.

They did.

That's your day.

2012 will have holograms performing at Coachella.

Take that Nostradamus.

Too vague.

Just cram it.

Yeah, they had specific time stage.

Just cram it Nostradamus.

At 937.

That's what they got wrong.

Ah, at the time.

He was a little late.

Well, of course.

You are a racist, my friend.

Oh, wait, you mean I'm talking about people in hip hop.

People in hip hop.

Yeah.

Who are those people?

The Osmond?

Yeah.

Who are those people?

I mean, if they had dabbled in hip hop, then I would tar them with that brush as well.

Who do you think if the Osmond's were on snow?

The snow?

Who are you talking about?

I'm a little bit country.

I'm a little bit hip hop.

Oh, yeah.

Do you remember snow?

I do remember snow.

The Canadian rapper.

Yeah.

That's who he's talking about.

Why are your head children who wouldn't shut up about him?

You can't put grandpa.

Have you heard the new snow?

Try to get snow to be punctual.

I stop calling him.

I say, I need you here.

That's why his career ended because it's a hard ten o'clock .

So Gary, that's fantastic.

Oh, yeah.

That's fantastic news.

Congratulations on the show.

Did I finish getting the news out?

Oh, it's the other news of it.

Well, we're going to read the- I'm sure you have all the costumes, so it'll all work out.

Well, right where we left off, we're going to get into heavy stuff.

We're going to have- we're going to pick up where we left off, which is in the late 60s.

Then the characters are going to be like, oh, hey, we never talked about when President Kennedy got shot.

Oh, I see.

What are the feelings about it?

Oh, hey, let's take some LSD and we're going to trip out and have an adventure.

Oh, how about the Smelcom X character?

Let's discuss him and how we feel about it.

Sounds good.

Yeah, I think it's going to be great.

There's one hitch in the plan, which is, I stupidly- I didn 't think about this, and this is all on me.

I donated Fonzie's jacket to the Smithsonian Institution, and it's still there, and they won't give it back.

They won't give it back?

They said that you were an Indian giver.

You signed a contract with us, any artifacts that we made that you give us, you can't take them back.

That's what it is.

Well, it's probably because, you know, knight at the Smithsonian, knight in the museum, the Smithsonian, the second one, I don't know if you saw it , but it deals extensively with- What's I saw it?

I fly on planes?

It spends a lot of time with Fonzie's jacket.

Oh, wow.

That's where most of the plot revolves around.

I didn't really understand.

I mean, the movie wouldn't make sense anymore if it wasn't in the Smithsonian.

One of the first episodes is it's like you have to get his jacket back.

Like, it's like Hercules' hair.

Not Hercules' Samson's.

Hercules' hair.

Hercules has a nice hair.

He had a nice hair, but that's not where he got his strength from.

What does the plot Samson donated his hand to Locks of Love ?

Yes.

And then he had to get it back.

That's the plot of the Bible.

Well, I mean, that's too bad.

I guess Fonzie will just be wearing a T-shirt.

That's- That- This- Listen, we can- Or a windbreaker like the first season.

No, you can't go back to a windbreaker.

That was all about the- the prudishness of the senses at the time.

They were afraid.

Let the jacket and motorcycle together.

People will commit mass suicide.

So, here's what I gotta do.

I can't- I can't go forward with this reboot without Fonzie 's jacket.

Okay, well, I'm sorry.

I guess it's not happening.

I'm not- You gotta let me finish my sentence, Scott.

Now, just for that, call me Mr. Marshall.

All right, Mr. Marshall.

Are you revoked?

I'm revoking your dairy privileges.

What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna pull a heist and I'm gonna get Fonzie's jacket out of the Smithsonian.

Oh my God.

This- A real heist?

A real heist?

Oh.

Wow.

I gotta bypass all kinds of security devices, security gods .

Are you gonna do this by yourself or with a- Glowing lines.

I'm sure I got that- With a team of people or- I'm trying to assemble an elite squad of- An elite squad of- Are they gonna be misfits or are they just- Probably a- Probably a band of misfits.

I would prefer not a ragtag band of misfits just a regular band.

Uh, elite team of misfits.

Yeah, they're all kind of fit together, not ragtag.

Who is it gonna be?

Is it gonna be people who worked on your shows or just other directors?

It's probably gonna be.

Surely.

Well, that's gonna cause a lot of problem.

And what would you say to- That's a good thing.

Cause a lot of problem with your sister.

What was Shirley's name if I may ask this again?

Of course, you don't remember Ralph Mouthe on the show.

Why do you keep saying this guy's name?

Ralph Mouthe.

Who would name somebody Ralph Mouthe?

But I would think you would know who played Shirley.

What's it like to- What's your name?

What's your name?

What is it?

Gary, what's Shirley's name?

Look, it's ridiculous of you to ask me.

What is Shirley's name?

I don't think you know Shirley's name.

Well, as I know, I directed her on the show.

And what would you say?

The actress- The actress- The actress of play Shirley.

Let's say you wanted her to come through the door faster.

You would say what?

The actress Shirley starred Penny Marshall as Laverne.

And that's Shirley.

The actress who played Shirley- Thank you.

Lillian.

Of course, we all know is...

Sin...

Of Cindy Adams.

Cindy...

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Cindy Williams.

Yes.

Cindy Williams.

Shirley.

So Cindy's- So it's gonna be you and her.

Cindy Williams.

No, not just me and her.

Cindy Williams.

Barry Williams who played Greg Brady.

He's getting it on the map.

That's right.

All right.

Susan Day from The Partridge Fair.

And from LA Law?

Okay.

Yeah, and I guess she was from LA Law, too.

But I'm confused.

Now, is this a fictional film you're making about retrieving the game?

No, you're actually gonna do it for real.

Bob, I'm serious here.

Do you want to end on this, Bob?

You know what?

I do a lot of good wire work.

Yeah.

Is that so?

Yeah, maybe I can repel in.

We need a wire guy.

Yeah.

This is perfect.

I'm more of like a wheel man.

You're the wheel man.

Yeah, yeah.

What does that mean?

Driving?

Yeah, I drive around.

All right, yeah.

You want to?

I own a car.

You know who's gonna be?

I don't know who's gonna be.

Marry Marry.

Why ya bugging?

All right.

Time to play for Marry Kiss.

Bart Marry Kiss.

So this is based on the old FMK Fuck Marry Kill.

This is our own little twist on it.

I'm gonna name three celebrities names.

We're gonna go in order, by the way.

I'll start with you, Bob, and then I'll go over to Paul.

I'll start with you, Bob, and then I'll go.

Please call me Gary Marshall.

That's his middle name.

Gary Paul Marshall.

I also sell to make mistakes like that.

Was that your...

I wanna celebrate that one.

That was your confirmation name.

That's right.

I have to say Paul.

So I'm gonna name...

We invented the fish stick.

Hatred Sage of Halitosis.

I'm gonna name three celebrities, and then you tell me which of them you think has the stinkiest farts, which of them you would like to marry, or is named Mary, and which of them you would like to kiss, or is in the band kiss.

Okay?

All right.

Very clear.

Sure.

All right.

Here we go.

So Bob will start with you.

Daryl Hall.

Daryl Hannah.

Daryl Hammond.

So I have to pick which has got the stinkiest...

Stinky farts, which you'd like to marry, or is named Mary.

Okay.

Or which you'd like to kiss, or is in the band kiss.

I like Daryl Hammond, because he goes on records.

That's what?

Farts.

Farts, okay.

Because he goes on the record saying that he's had some nefarious...

Some trouble.

Some of the other activities.

And I know myself when I have a cordial or two, the next day, nothing good comes out of me.

Okay.

So we have the F part.

Okay.

So Mary...

I'm gonna go with Daryl.

Daryl Hall or Hammond?

Oh, I forgot.

Or is it a Hannah?

That's part of it.

You probably need to know the last thing.

Yeah.

Daryl Hall.

Because I'm friends with Daryl Hammond.

Okay.

Great.

Oh, cool.

And so kiss, it would be...

Daryl Hall.

Daryl Hall notes.

Sure.

Okay.

Well, now that he's shaved his mustache, it would be a lot more pleasant.

Yeah, I'm done with that.

Alright, let me check.

Alright, Daryl, he never had a mustache.

It was own stuff.

Oh, it's had the mustache.

But he had...

You know, last time I saw me, I had one of those like Beauty and the Beast lion beards.

Oh, really?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I thought he was rocking like John Waters.

And he seemed disgusted.

John Oates at one point said they stopped a song and John O ates said, hey, I just want to let everyone know.

I have a new solo album that's out right now.

And Daryl Hall shook his head and went ugh, and walked off the stage.

They ate each other.

Yeah.

Alright.

I remember when I saw the police reunion and they grabbed hands and lift them and those hands at the end when they...

Right.

They weighed 10,000 pounds each.

These men...

I'm up to take their bows.

Aaah!

I hate touching you.

Alright, let me calculate this.

Let me tell you.

Yes, Bob, you are correct.

You get a point for that.

Thank you.

You are correct in all accounts.

Move to you, Gary.

Alright, fart, Mary Kiss.

Lou Grant.

Oh, Mary Lou Rhetton.

Grant Lee Phillips.

Fart, Mary Kiss.

Okay.

I'm going to say they go in order.

Lou Grant, for the first one?

That's, yeah, that's obvious.

Obvious.

Second one, Mary Lou Rhetton, right?

For which...

That's the name?

For Mary?

That's the name?

You're going to go with Mary Lou Rhetton, his name Mary?

Her name is Mary.

Okay.

And also, I would marry her because she's a lady.

Okay, that's a double.

Double.

Okay.

Even though it's May, December, and I know people will talk .

And then the last one...

Not because she's a gymnast.

I don't think people are going to be scandalized.

Ooh, I heard he married a gymnast.

No, but...

I think it's because I'm 80 and she's like 25.

But that's the reason you want to marry her because she's a gymnast.

Oh, my gosh, I'm going to marry her.

Yes, okay.

Kiss, Anil Young.

I'm going to say Sean Young is a fart.

Okay.

I don't usually like to work full, but I think she's a fart .

You don't like to work full.

And Mary is...

Yo, young Frank and Zion would be married?

Oh, I'd...

Oh, not only would I marry it, I'd fuck the shit out of it.

I love that movie.

That...

I think probably influenced me more than anything else in my life.

And you are correct on...

Yes, correct answers.

Fantastic.

Wow, you guys are very adept at this game.

Thank you.

All right.

We've never even met before.

I know.

Here we go.

All right, this is our last question.

Good, Gary.

Finally.

You can tie it up.

All right.

Or you can lose.

Maybe I'll do that.

Okay.

Thanks for the options.

Stanley Tucci.

Mm-hmm.

Paul Stanley.

Uh-huh.

Mary from Peter Paul and Mary.

Okay, let's see.

Mm.

Stanley Tucci.

Paul Stanley.

Peter Paul and...

Mary from Peter Paul and Mary.

We're not at it.

We're at the three extra people in...

No, no, just Mary.

Yeah.

Okay, I'm gonna...

Can I go out of order?

Sure, yeah, yeah.

Mary, I think, is named Mary.

Also, I'd marry her because she's a lady.

Okay.

Little...

She's age appropriate.

So nobody's gonna talk.

Is she alive?

She is...

Oh, that's right.

I think she's passed on.

I'm imagining this is taking place in the universe where these things are fun.

They're like, yeah.

I mean, if we're discussing this at all, it's not like we're then commanded to go out and do these things.

This is all speculative.

Well, correct me if I'm wrong.

Maybe I don't understand the game.

No, you have to.

I have to go fart Sean Young.

Then, who are the other people?

We have Paul Stanley.

I'm gonna say Stanley Tucci.

The first thing is...

What is it?

You know what it is.

As the stinky as far.

Then, that leaves Paul Stanley.

You want to kiss Paul Stanley?

Is that what you're saying?

This sounds familiar.

If I know my grandchildren like I think I do.

Your grandchildren like a wide swath of entertainment.

He is also...

Hey, look, they plugged in as they like to tell me.

I'm gonna say he's in kiss.

And also, I would kiss him because I think he wears makeup like a lady.

Yeah, he does.

He's the sensuous of the...

Oh, I like the star man.

He's the star man.

Yeah.

You are correct on all counts, yes?

You tie it up.

Tie it up.

He's the star man.

It's a real bon burner.

Tie game.

Congratulations.

It's a tie game.

I mean, we can play one more.

Whoever buzzes in.

Okay.

You're good.

You're good with a tie or you're a delude?

I'm fine.

I'm good with a tie.

Tie it up.

You know, that's the problem with everything.

Everything's gotta be...

I'm even fine with letting Bobcat win.

Like that.

Hey, Bob, you won.

Oh, congratulations.

And that's how we play Fartberry Kiss.

Ah, and that's how we play.

You gotta admit the song, basically.

I like the song.

Yeah.

Fartberry, Maric.

Why a ballgame?

Oh, in harmony.

Yeah.

Wow.

Right?

I'm a quick study.

All right.

Well, that is just about it for the show, guys.

We just have the last...

Bit of sweet.

Yeah, it is.

Bit of sweet for you, wasn't it?

Very big.

I enjoy being on the show.

Right.

But all things must come to an end.

Except Happy Days, which will be back on the air.

We should be on the TV Guide channel.

All right.

Well, you only have to shoot like two-thirds of the screen.

Exactly.

It's a money save.

It's not going to be on own?

No, I tried.

Why won't you let me do even more?

Oh, you should get a show on own.

I had to do it with that ochre connection.

I pitched a chimp rape to own.

And she wasn't down with it.

Not in there.

Why do you think?

I don't know.

The idea behind chimp rape was...

Well, Gary knows because he used to investigate that kind of thing.

Well, thank you.

It's not with...

Not in the interview.

But I used the habits of chimps to deduce how people could be so monstrous.

Really?

Yeah.

And how would that go?

I'd be like, who would act like a chimp and Z and just rape somebody?

And I was like, ah, that guy.

And it worked every time.

It's reaching.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, then we only have one last thing to do on the show.

That is, of course, Poulog.

Oh, look.

I hate.

So, hold on.

We have a theme.

Is that it?

Wow.

All right.

Thanks to Brian Scalabrine for making that plug-seam.

Usually they mention plugs or they have lyrics.

That's played out.

Lyrics are so ghost now.

Listen, I gotta go feed my meat.

Oh, kind of use them for anything?

Nope.

That's what they're gonna plug.

Well, I mean, you don't get to plug any of it.

Feed is a euphemism for putting money in it.

So, there is- I guess it is a euphemism.

I am speaking a bit euphemistically.

All right.

See you later.

I'll be right back.

So, if you'd like to see Gary Marsh, he'll put money in a meter.

This would be a great time.

Go ahead.

Out to sunset.

Go out to sunset.

While this is being taped.

I, like, uh, uh, uh, speaking of Mad Men, Joel Murray, who was on Mad Men.

The lead of your movie.

He's the lead in God bless America.

And that movie comes out May 11th in select cities and you can get it on VOD right now.

And it's a violent movie about kindness.

And is there anything else in the hopper for you?

Are you just kind of wrapping this up and then you're gonna go into your next project?

I don't know.

I think I'm talking to the folks that might be a judge on RuPaul's drag race next season.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, here's Cross.

Oh, and I would like to know about all seriousness.

I am gonna be on Comics Unleashed.

Oh.

In all seriousness.

I love the in all seriousness.

All right.

Well, uh, since Gary saw you.

Oh, wait.

No, it's not Gary.

This is Gary.

This is Paul of Tomcat.

Hi Scott Bobcat.

Hello.

How's it going?

Good to see you.

Did you see Gary Marshall on the way out?

I did.

He was, he was staring at one of those parking meters where you can use a credit card.

Yeah.

And he really seemed confused.

Isn't man.

And he's like, why isn't money made like this?

He was talking to his wallet.

Oh gosh.

Strange.

All right.

Well, it's very, very nice to see you.

I'm just grabbing up.

Oh, wait.

Are you having any plugs?

Do you have any plugs?

I actually do.

Would you mind if I did some plugs?

I guess not.

Yeah.

Let me just.

I just got a couple things.

Yeah, it is.

Of course, May 7th.

So I know.

I don't know what day it is.

Come on.

What am I?

Memento.

I just have a couple things this month coming up.

I'll be in Minneapolis for like a whole weekend.

One of the Twin Cities.

It is one of the Twin Cities.

I'm going to be in both of the Twin Cities.

The Devil I do say.

May 11th, I will be in St. Paul performing on Wits at the Fitzgerald Theatre.

Oh my god.

So if you're in St. Paul, I'm doing Wits after you.

It's a fun show.

No pressure.

But set a nice table.

Just set.

Yeah, exactly.

I'll leave you something.

I'll leave you some scraps.

I'll be appearing with Amy Mann.

I'm right.

This is a very interesting show.

If you live in St. Paul and you haven't been to Wits yet, this is a great show.

It's a great time to check it out.

Is she doing comedy and you're doing music?

That's right.

So you'll switch a route.

Switch a route to her.

Do you mind?

St. Vincent, I'm going to be covering her.

She was on the show last week.

Well, I'll be sure she's creeped out.

She's like, how did I get Bob Keck, Cole Brown?

Amy and Meg are all...

She didn't know my plugs.

Still my plugs.

Oh sorry.

Sorry.

And then the next night, I'll be at the...

In Minneapolis at the...

Sorry.

I'm trying to find the...

At the Parkway, at the Parkway Theatre.

Oh, at the Parkway.

Tickets are available through polyftompkins.com.

Oh, and May 19th, back home, Los Angeles, Largo at the Cor onet.

L.A. is your lady.

L.A. is my lady.

I love...

Right song.

That's the best song.

Yeah, that is.

That is 80 Sinatra.

The only better period in my opinion is early 90s Sinatra.

Do you think that you do that?

You're talking about?

Yeah, do it.

Largo at the Coronet, May 19th, the Polyftompkins Show returns.

And don't you have a DVD out in stores?

Oh my God, Scott.

I'm glad you mentioned it.

Polyftompkins, laboring under delusions, is now available on DVD.

Go to Amazon.

You can also download a digital version of it from Amazon from...

What about iTunes?

You can get it on iTunes as well.

As the English saying.

And then you can watch it on Xbox Live and Sony PlayStation .

But I think you have to be high.

Yeah, you have to be 20.

You have to be 20.

You have to be 80.

And I...

Caviat Emptor.

That's a great special.

Congratulations on that.

I got to get out of here.

Okay, see you later, Paul.

Okay, bye.

I just want to plug, of course.

Thank you very much, by the way, for the congratulatory and nice things you said about the Between Two Fern Special that I directed was on last night.

And comedy Bang Bang TV show, June 8th, is when we premiere .

We are ramping up to it.

And there's a lot of stuff online about it.

I'm very proud of the show.

Paul was on it or is on it, but he left.

So I congratulate him as well.

But yeah, June 8th is when it's coming down.

So I hope you all get IFC.

And that is it.

Wait, what happened?

I just got back.

Oh, hey, Gary.

Hey, Gary.

Oh, the meter.

What's wrong with the meter?

I ain't like looking at, you know, Robbie the robot from Lost in Space.

I don't know what you do.

I don't know what that is.

I don't think anyone knows it.

Lost in Space, you never watched that?

The last person who knew what that is died recently.

Oh, that makes me the last person.

That is heavy hangs the head that wears the crown.

Yes, definitely.

Guys, thank you so much for a wonderful show.

I appreciate you coming by.

Gary, Bob, good luck with the movie.

I hope it makes.

How much money do you think it'll make opening weekend?

I'm hoping this one makes thousands of dollars.

Good luck with it.

I hope it does.

It would eclipse world's greatest dad.

What a gentile question.

It's better than the question that other podcast you're on us.

Exactly.

Yes, I have that.

What the...

I am always here.

Listen to the show.

All right.

My great kids will tell me.

Oh, I do want to say $100.

Shout out to Brian Whipple.

Brian Whipple, thank you so much for sponsoring the show.

Something special coming out to you.

Thank you so much.

And we will see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye-bye.

♪ Give your love ♪ This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.com.

The Wolf Dead.
