---
layout: page
title: 158. Jordan Peele,Gillian Jacobs [12549⧸21042].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Two titans of Thursday night television are right here in the studio with me.

One literal, one figurative.

You'll understand what that means when you hear the show, but Gillian Jacobs from Community is here, and an American Idol contestant, right here in the studio.

All of that and more. All on today's...

♪♪♪ And a land of no-footed pajama wares. The one-footed pajama wares king. Welcome to the show.

Oh boy, that was a mouthful. Thanks to Ace Pumpkin for that submission for a catchphrase.

100% of that is ridiculous. Both Ace Pumpkin and in a land of no-footed pajama wares, the one-footed pajama wares king. Welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang. My name is Scott Ockerman. I am your intrepid host. It is the middle of May, mid-May, I would call it, as a matter of fact.

And this is a special show because we have one of my favorite guests back. She hasn't been on since the very beginning of the year. I call the year the television season. Okay, September is where my calendar year starts. She was on the beginning of the year and she's finally... for the premiere of Communite. And she's back here for closing out the season finale of Communite. Please welcome to the show, Gillian Jacobs. How are you, Gillian? I'm excellent. How are you? Thank you so much for being on the show. You brighten up a room and your last appearance. Let's talk about it. People were calling you one of the best first-time guests of all time. For real? For real Z's. Wow, that's such an honor. It was an honor to be asked and it was an honor to get to work with the comedy stylings of TV's Andy Daly and yourself. Let's talk about it. You were here at the beginning of Communite's run and now you're here at the end. Anything happened since then? It was a very smooth year. Nothing traumatic happened. There's been no drama and no leaked voicemail. So I wish that there was stuff for us to talk about, but it's been smooth sailing all year. Smooth.

And you're proud of the work, obviously. Super proud.

Because they've been amazing.

They've been totes amazed. I hate myself so much for having done that.

Yeah, I thought that the episodes were really quality this year and... Quality control came in.

They gave you a thumbs up. Standards and practices, big thumb down, quality control, big thumb up.

Yeah, and our season finale, it kind of has an Oceans 11 he ist feel to it. Oh my gosh. We're in crazy costumes. I think this week's episode is a mainly video game episode.

So many more quality minutes of television left for your viewing pleasure, please.

So you have... Sounds like we have about 44 minutes left.

Yep. On the season. On the season.

Question mark. Question mark. And maybe by the time this airs, but you know, I don't think it's...

I'm telling tales out of school when I say we're taping this a little bit in advance of when it comes out. Maybe by the time this airs, you locked it in. Yeah.

You know how they ask you to lock in your direct TV service for two more years?

Maybe they locked in your service for two more years. That would be incredible.

I hope that I'm actually in New York as this is airing at the upfront. That would be lovely.

Hosting the upfront. Yes. That's what NBC does. As soon as they have an event, I'm the first call they make Jacobs. We need your hosting stylists. Has Jacobs avail?

What are Jacobs avails? I'm but a small cog in the NBC comedy wheel. I think they'll turn to Joel first before me before hosting duties. But I love you on the show though. You're so great on it.

The Dungeons and Dragons episode? Yeah. It was this... What side of die was it?

Oh, we did a timelines episode. The multiple timelines. You 're so funny on that one. What was the thing that you were doing as you were going to the bathroom? I really liked pizza in that episode. I had a hunky dance. Me so hunky dance, which people took to apparently.

It's so good. A lot of people don't realize how people are cast on sitcoms. The fact that it's like you read one page sometimes and you get cast on a sitcom, which is crazy when you think about it. A lot of shows you would think that it would be, no, I've known this person for a long time. We've worked together for a long time. But what was your audition experience like?

Did you have to read several scenes? I read I think two scenes, one of which maybe they were both with Joel. And I didn't know anyone involved in it at all. They didn't know you. This is just a cold read. A cold read. Straight audition. Straight, straight non-offer.

Are you offer only by the way since then? No, not at all.

Maybe if we were a mega hit. Yeah, I would retreat to my offer only tower. But right now I'm still down in the auditioning world with everybody else. I went in. They were seeing like 100 girls. And I was really sick. I had a high fever. I dragged my booty out of bed to go down to the audition because I like the script so much.

He had said no makeup on my audition sheet. It said very clearly do not wear makeup. And that was really exciting to me because I hate makeup. And I don 't know how to apply to my face in a pleasing manner. So I got really excited. And when I later told Dan Harmon that he had no idea that was not for his request. So I don't know how somehow that got on the sheet. And I got down there and I was of course the only girl not wearing makeup. Of course. I bet that it was sabotage from the other girls auditioning. Actually, I saw a girl there who I used to audition with all the time in New York who I was convinced was trying to sabotage me. And so it was like the return of the saboteur. But I was too sick to care. The French art of sabotage. I know. They perfected it. They really did. Well, you don't have to audition anymore. She's not auditioning with you anymore because you're a superstar. The show's a mega hit. It's safe to say it will go down in the annals of comedy or annals. However, you'd like to pronounce it.

Anus of comedy. Anus of comedy. He'll be plunged deep inside the anus of comedy. Is that safe to say?

That's where I want to be right down deep in the anus of comedy. That's where I'm happiest.

It's a great show. You're one happy family obviously.

Yeah, sure. We're a very happy family. Look, no family is without its drama, right?

Sure. Otherwise, there would be no art because everybody would be too happy to create.

Well, it's a great show. But moving on, let's talk about it . This is what people want to know.

We had a words with friends game going, you resigned from it. Yeah, I resigned from it.

Okay, let's talk about this. Okay, so what happened? What is going on? Let me set the scene.

Okay. Okay, first of all, I should say comedy, bang, bang, TV show coming out June 8th. Sorry, June 8th. You're in the premiere. Oh, I am. You're in the season premiere. Oh, cool. Okay. So, Gileen comes by. She does me a favor and acts in a tiny scene. Everyone, there's huge people doing pretty much tiny scenes in the show, which is so amazing to have. In the premiere episode, we have Zach Alifenakis, Will Forte, Tom Lennon, Andy Daley and Gileen Jacobs. I mean, it doesn't get much better than that. And then me and Reggie Watts. So it does get better, obviously.

But you're doing me a favor. You come by and it was freezing cold for some reason, and mainly because it was winter. And that's how weather works. But we're shooting this scene.

We strike up a conversation or a convo about words with friends. You say you play. We engage.

Yeah. We play one game. It goes really well. We're pretty evenly matched, I would say. I agree.

Yeah. It ended up it was a tight race. I think I won. I think you won and you did so handily.

We start up another game because we have jury duty. Yeah.

Okay. And here's my perspective.

Okay. About three or four days go by. You haven't played.

Yeah. And words with friends has a new feature that says, remind someone how to play. Yeah. Okay.

I've never tried it out before. Yeah.

So I do it. I press it. Remind someone how to play. You immediately resigned from the games.

Like I had bugged you like that is the last straw. I resigned from the games.

My social anxiety is kicking in so strong. I am sweating right now and I'm wearing silk. So this is a really bad outfit choice for me today. But let's I mean, this is just my perspective.

You have your chance to defend yourself. Okay. Here's what happened. We played through my jury duty. No. That was the game that we completed. Okay. Then.

By the way, what was the verdict? I got myself off of that case. I almost got picked. I had a lot of anxiety about that as well. And I I pulled like such a dick move and wind and got kicked off the jury. And I feel really bad about that. You basically pulled the I'm famous car. No, no, I didn't because they didn't know who I was. So you can't pull the I 'm famous guard when they don't know who you are. I was recognized by several potential jurors.

Oh, oh, you know, I have that feather in my cap. But okay. So what happened was? Is this giving you enough time to concoct a story by the whole? No, I don't think concoct a story. Oh, Jesus Christ.

So I went and just shot this movie in the desert. Amazing how you can defend yourself while bragging. But all right. So you show so you shot a movie. Sorry. A very small budget film.

Okay. In which there was no cell reception and the wireless internet didn't work. And I didn't intentionally resign from the game. But I think I might hit that button accidentally. But then I was stuck in the desert and I didn't have okay way to play the game. That's a I mean, that's a good story. But let me let me trot out one last fact, which I think will convict you. Oh, Jesus. We actually had two separate games going. I know. I reminded you about both of them and you resigned from both. So you can't accidentally hit a button twice. And my heart. All right. Killeen is scratching her scalp.

This is I'm sorry to put you. No, I'm sweating in the hot seat.

Yeah, it's fine. It's fine. I it's okay. You can just say I got you didn't enjoy. I loved playing words with friends with you. Nothing has given me greater pleasure in life than playing words with friends with you, Scott. I can't even look at you. Let me just tell you, it is one of my life's greatest regrets that you resigned from those guys.

I'm gonna go home as soon as I leave this podcasting capsule and restart our words with friends game. I don't want to kill you into this. No, if you don't want to play, I would love nothing more than to play. You know what I even downloaded the app to my phone because I had it on my iPad and I don't often have my iPad with me. Can't look at you. That's okay. Go ahead. But you know, how do I know that you're not lying if you're not looking at me? Look me in the face here. I can't even bear to look at you in the face. If you and please don't be one of those people who feels cornered and backed into a corner about this, please just tell me I don't want to play. I want to play with you, Scott.

I want to play with you. All right. Well, next time you're on the show, we'll get an update about this situation. All right. Jesus Christ. I knew this was gonna. I knew this was too good to be true when you emailed me yesterday asking me to do this. I knew I was gonna have to pay for that. Jesus. All right. All right. Well, I do. Gillian, thank you so much for coming.

Please say you'll stick around the entire show. This isn't just it, right? No, no. I mean, please, I gotta redeem myself somehow. All right. Well, we have another guest who's here in the studio that you are turning, you're turning flush. I'm embarrassed. I'm mortified. I am always in fear of offending people. I did it. I sabotaged our friendship.

My point is don't use that fear of offending someone to say, okay, I'll play with you. I don't want to pity game. There wasn't a pity game. There was a highly enjoyable first successful game. First of all, I feel like I cornered you into playing in the first place because you're on set and you don't want to. I'm using a coaster to fan myself, listeners. That's how sweaty I am right now. No, I loved playing with you. I'm a very erratic player of words with friends. I aborted a game with Donald Glover and with, um, with other with Jim Rache, I've aborted games with Allison.

I've aborted games with a vet.

Do they take it as personally as I probably so I don't have any friends. So I have all this time to come do podcasts at the last minute because I have no plans. All right. So you're a words with friends flake. Yeah, I was sitting at home today just installing light fixtures. I didn't have anything else to do. No one wants to hang out with me. Let 's talk about that for a little while.

I got a lot of light fixtures. What's going on with your friendships?

I don't have. Okay. Okay. As a kid, I didn't really have a lot of friends.

Grow up in Pittsburgh. Grow up in Pittsburgh. No friends.

Talk to myself on the playground.

That's how I started acting because they called my mom and told her that I had no friends at school.

And then she signed me up for an acting class. And that's how I got started in this whole acting game. I'm going. Did you grow to love the spotlight?

Grow to love it is the warm and glow of the spotlight because I don't.

It is warm. A lot of people don't know that.

That it actually is. It is. The lights are hot up there.

Very hot. A lot of people can't stand. Don't enjoy the light.

I don't enjoy the sun, but I do enjoy the warm glow of the spotlight.

Jesus Christ. All right. We're going.

I still don't have a lot of friends.

And is this making you more nervous talking about this?

This is horrible. This is like I stopped going.

No one has ever had this reaction to being on my show before.

I can't tell if this is a bit or if this is real.

This isn't a bit. This is like my deepest, darkest secrets.

I have no friends.

I'm always in fear of losing the few friends that I do have .

I'm really bad. Sometimes I'm responding to text messages and emails.

I get a lot of social anxiety. If I don't respond right away, then I feel like I've let too much time go on.

And then you've hit a nerve, Scott Ocherman.

Hey, you know what? You haven't lost this friend.

Thanks, Scott.

All right.

I wouldn't have you back on the show if I was that offended .

I did want to know why.

All right. We'll let you off the hook.

Okay. Thank you.

We'll let you off the hook. We'll bring our next guest in.

Okay.

We can let him in here. All right. Yeah. Come on in.

Come on in. Okay. You know him. I'm reading his bio here.

That just published to set me.

But oh, this is interesting.

Gillian, are you an American Idol fan?

Very sporadic.

Sparadic too with that.

Is there anything you do do on a regular basis?

Just hurt people. That's the only thing I'm consistent with in my life.

Well, our next contestant was a contestant on American Idol , it says here.

Oh, that's interesting. So he must have been eliminated already, because I know that the winners can't be can't do press like this. So you must have been kicked off.

But anyway, he was a contestant here on American Idol this season.

And his name is Jermaine Jones. Hello, Jermaine.

Hello. How are you doing?

I'm doing very well. Thank you so much.

Thank you very much for having me.

Might I say you are a very tall individual?

Yes. I am. I am tall. People call me a gentle giant.

A gentle giant? Okay.

Is that how you were known on the show?

That is one of the ways I was known on the show.

Also for singing, I would imagine.

That is correct.

Yeah. But those two things can go hand in hand sometimes.

Gentle giants have sweet, melodious voices and you sound like you possess one.

I'm slightly offended by the term giant.

I think it's derogatory.

Oh, I'm sorry. You said that you were called that.

I didn't call that.

I'm not calling you out, but the truth of the matter is I don't like that term.

Well, isn't it an actual medical term that people are giant if they're above six?

Maybe. Maybe.

That may be true.

Are all medical terms flattering?

No. Are they all nice?

No.

Penile enhancements.

For example.

But I...

I'm sorry. I won't call you...

Do you mind if I call you gentle?

A gentle person.

I'm a very gentle person.

You are.

I'm a very gentle person.

I was evicted from the show.

You were evicted.

So then the viewers basically didn't vote for you.

That's correct.

And honestly, the reasons were bullshit.

Wait, the reasons what normally people just vote for you because they like your singing?

Yes.

They had felt like they had uncovered some things in my past that I had or hadn't done or said or hadn't said my name was when it was actually Jer maine Jones and that on or off the record, I had may have said to a police officer my name was not Jermaine Jones.

You're getting very technical with your speech right now.

I have to say you're using a lot of words.

I know my story.

I know my story so well that I can use any...

I can speak about it in any way.

I've gone through this in my own mind up and down.

So are you trying to say that you were not actually voted off the show?

You were kicked off the show?

Oh no.

That is not up to discussion.

People know...

I'd like to discuss it because I don't know the story.

No, it's up for discussion.

It's not up for debate.

I'm sorry.

I was definitely...

I'm definitely not going to debate you.

I was just working off.

Oh, and it was in a very...

It was not in a good manner.

Well, what's a good manner?

Well, they sort of paraded me out beginning of episode four or five.

I forget which one it was.

And beginning...

1204?

Correct.

That's the inside term for episode numbers.

And they said in front of America, they said, you did this, you did that, you didn't do this, you did not do that.

Anyway, Jermaine, you off the show.

They didn't have to go through all that rigmarole.

Okay.

What would you have preferred they do?

I preferred A.

First of all, they just let me on the show.

Don't make up things that I may have or may not have done or said or did not say.

So in other words, don't kick you off the show on the first one.

Exactly.

Okay.

No, you hit the nail on the head.

Oh, thank you so much.

I don't kick me off the show.

Look, I...

Okay.

Here's the story.

You said that several times.

Okay.

Like you're finally going to tell me the story.

Okay.

I'm kind of waiting.

I accept that comment and you are correct.

That is something I say.

It's my story.

Okay.

Because I said story, does that make it fictional?

No.

I don't think necessarily a story needs to be fictional.

Sure.

There are non-fiction stories.

A whole genre.

Sure.

In my case.

It's half the library.

And in my case, this is...

I'm talking straight anthropology of me.

What?

This is true.

Okay.

This is the section my book is going in.

Oh, okay.

I had...

Okay.

Here's the thing.

All right.

How do I see...

Now, I can already tell your judge...

All right.

No, no.

Forget it's over.

Please, no judgment.

No, no, no, please.

I'm fascinated.

I want to hear more.

I'm enraptured.

This...

I haven't been in Hollywood very long, but a lot of people seem to have this...

Oh, I'm better than you.

I can decide when you're lying, or when you're not lying, or what stories are fictional, or what stories are real about you.

That's what I don't understand about.

Are you saying that I have that?

Is it?

Well, okay.

Let's talk about it.

Okay.

Did I feel attacked a little bit a couple of moments ago?

Yes, I did.

I apologize for that.

I want to be a gracious host, but I'm not sure exactly what to do.

Well, thank you for that.

And thank you for that.

You sound sarcastic when you're saying that.

I'm not.

Why...

When my voice...

Every time my voice does something out of the ordinary, I get accused of being sarcastic or lying.

Mainly because your voice is doing something out of the ordinary.

Okay.

And that's to keep your voice ordinary, and we'll have no problems.

My voice will stay at this level for the duration of if that's going to prove to you that not a word I'm saying is false or lie.

You're getting a little...

You're raising your voice a little bit.

I look.

Is that...

If that's a height comment in a Hollywood...

A cheap Hollywood...

I think raising your voice is a really common term that people use when someone gets louder.

Okay.

Because I'm...

I'm 7-1.

Wow.

I am 7.

I knew you were up there, but...

I'm up there.

And you really don't like being called a giant?

I mean, you're the textbook definition.

You keep bringing it up again.

It's...

Let me ask you...

I'm sorry.

If someone asks you not to say the N word, would you keep saying it?

And I'm just saying.

It depends on who asked me.

Okay.

It depends on if they were my friend or if he was just a random person.

That's right.

But if Dr. Dre said it, you wouldn't...

You would stop saying it.

If Dr. Dre asked me?

Not to say it.

Are you talking NWA era?

Or are you talking like now he's like a huge, hulking kind of weightlifting guy?

I'm talking about now.

Earphone mogul.

Yeah.

Beats by Dre.

I'm talking about now, Dr. Dre.

Seems like he has better things to worry about.

Don't you think, Lian?

I mean...

He's got that hologram to deal with.

Okay.

Well, look.

You know that hologram, you can't turn it off.

It just sits around Dre's house.

Like it's Tupac 24-7, 358.

It does take a week off.

I think that...

I think they should make a one of those of me, personally.

Even though you're still alive, you could chore yourself.

Why would you need a hologram?

Because my fans deserve to have a venue to see me as well.

Little Miss Thing.

I don't understand.

Why couldn't you just appear in person at the same venue?

Secondly...

That's a valid question.

I want to address that immediately.

Okay, address it.

Address it.

Hold up.

I'm blowing up right now.

Hold up.

Oh, you're...

Is that your lawyer on the phone there?

He's telling me not to address what you just said.

How is he listening to this?

Isn't that crazy?

That's really crazy.

Guys, if I can bring you to 1993...

Sure.

Pay the picture.

I was seven years old.

In 1993.

Okay, that makes that check out.

I'm a...

Yes, I'm...

You're a 22-year-old man.

I'm a 22-year-old man.

Individual.

Seven-one...

Or as I like to call it, six-thirteen.

Ha-ha, that's cute.

Man.

When did you reach that height?

When did I reach it?

This was...

What age, what year?

I'm going to have to say...

Probably, I was 15 years old.

Shit.

Yeah.

That's right, girl.

I don't like you calling her...

Miss...

What was it, Little Miss?

That's something we have with one another.

You don't need to worry about what we...

Okay, I'm sorry.

Got it, I mean...

We have a bond.

And a common language that we share.

And I hope that, for instance, like, because I'm playing words with friends with people, and at some point, you would like to be friends with me.

That would be cool.

Just don't cancel my game, because I don't take...

To that well.

Rejection very well.

You haven't taken the rejection with the show very well.

It's...

It's not.

Oh, well...

As to what you just said about the show, no, I haven't.

No, I haven't.

Yeah, I mean, what are you doing here on the show?

I mean, normally, we don't get a lot of American Idol cast- offs.

Look, I think I need to get my side of the story out, because people are saying a whole lot of things I said, or I didn't say, or I meant, or I didn't mean...

Season finale is coming up.

It must really...

chap your hide.

Well, I mean, the thing is, because I know I would be one of the runners-up, had this not had happened.

You wouldn't know one, you're saying.

You wouldn't...

No, I would have been.

I would have been...

Well, I would have been in the situation that they're in right now.

And I...

No, I would have won.

The situation meaning...

Why is there so much doubt in this room?

I feel like everyone is skeptical.

I believe in you.

Okay.

I ask you what exactly they accused you of on the show.

Okay.

That's an absolutely fair question, and I want to address that immediately.

It seems like you're stalling, so you can think of what to say.

That's funny.

I've been accused of so many things in the past month, and even since I've come in here.

But no, I'm not stalling.

I'll get right to it.

I...

Please then.

Immediately.

By all means.

Immediately.

Here's the thing.

Okay.

I was involved in an incident that may or may not have happened in a car, where...

And it might have gotten to a physical tussle with me and a gentleman.

That's a friend of mine.

His name is Randy.

Intimate friend?

Um, excuse me, Miss.

Miss, thank you.

Miss me?

Just means a close friend.

Do me.

Somewhat a childhood chum.

Mm-hmm.

Right?

Because if you try to make some implications, you win over your head.

I already am.

You're 7'1".

Okay.

That's a great one.

A great fence to that.

I take great of fans.

She's just merely saying the height that you already said you were at.

That is my height.

But you don't like other people saying it.

Okay.

I see what this is.

Are you trying to act?

Am I supposed to believe that there is absolutely nothing racial about the way you guys are attacking me?

Well, that's a known racist.

So...

I mean, I'm...

No, no.

That is a good question.

I'm trying to sift through my feelings.

Would I be as accusatory if, say, clay anything?

I'm glad you're taking this question very seriously.

No, I...

You know, it is a good question.

I mean, it...

And, um...

I don't know.

I don't know the answer to that.

I'm going to try to dial it down a notch.

Well, look.

I'm sorry.

I apologize.

What...

You said also there was a variety of names that you had given police officers?

Yeah, I'm following this whole focus.

What are some of the other names that you go by?

Alistair.

That's classy.

Biznasty.

That's not his classy.

You had me with Alistair.

I've gone as Ecuador Diaz.

I've gone as Blinkwistle 1 Forestle.

Is it spelled out O-N-E or just the number one?

It's just the number one.

Oh, clutter.

It's just the number one.

You know, I lived in an apartment building where it turned out that the man living in the basement apartment was psychotic.

And, um, my neighborhood or a screening order against him, and we had to call the police one night.

And when we called the police, we found out that we didn't know his real name either.

And he was receiving mail under several different names, one of which was Johnny Couch.

So maybe in the future you could use Johnny Couch.

Johnny Couch is up for grabs now, you're saying.

This guy was taken away.

Now I relate to this gentleman you're talking about in the story.

Are we sure he's a psychopath?

Are we just making things up?

Well, he did call the police station and getting back to your earlier point, use some racial slurs when referring to police officers.

So they came, they knocked down his door, they tasered him, and they put him in a locked psych ward for a week.

And then he was running around my apartment building with a scrub, medical scrub top covered in blood wielding a knife.

So, um, I don't know.

So the jury's still out.

Jury's still out.

Have you heard his side of the story?

That's my question.

Yeah, he, uh, said that bitch was extorting him.

And he was very upset.

And also he was talking to his brother about some things that had happened to him in their family, pedophilia.

Um, and he had also gone off his meds and was drunk.

So that was his side of the story.

I'm not, I'm not picking up what you're picking up about this guy, but.

You don't think that this sounds out of the ordinary to you ?

Is this, these are the kind of.

This is a man unfairly targeted in your eyes.

These are the types of things that people are going to, uh, just jump to conclusions about somebody says, bitch.

Oh, he must be saying that in a mean way.

Wait, though, Gillian, was he white or was he black?

He was of undetermined eyes.

Uh, some, some, uh, intercontinental flair of some sort.

Made Atlantic.

So getting back to your point though, what, what, I, what, I still can't figure out what you were in an altercation in a car with.

Okay.

Here's the story.

And I want to make this absolutely clear.

Immediately.

And to unaddress it.

100%.

No preamble.

Just get right in there.

Now I was in a car.

I was in a tussle.

There were police were called by, uh, by my, by my friend.

Okay.

By my friend, Randy.

Uh, this was a situation on a 4th of July, 1997.

It was between me and him and we, we solved it.

He didn't impress charges.

And, uh, later, at a later occasion, I was, um, pulled over and, uh, I had a warrant out of my arrest.

So yes.

For what?

Well, that's another good question.

I, I think this moment would be a good time to address that .

So that's what I'm going to do.

I'm going to talk about that what I was.

Okay.

I have a follow up question when you, when you actually get to answering that.

All right.

In 1996, I set a house on fire.

Let me explain to you what had happened.

Okay.

And this one, this is a little bit complicated.

This one's a little bit complicated.

Yeah.

I had gone to a party and someone had made, uh, a bet or a, a wager, uh, that I wouldn't do something.

Now wouldn't do something that I wouldn't do something.

Okay.

But normally people make a wager that you would do something.

This was a way, a wager that I wouldn't do something.

Okay.

Uh, and that's something was setting, uh, a trash can with some newspapers on fire.

And that's all it was.

It was a trash can with some newspapers.

Okay.

Sure.

So I don't understand how, just because the house got fire.

The hobo's fireplace.

The, yes.

It spread as fire do.

And I don't, I don't myself make the connection that if you start a fire somewhere, you're responsible for the entire, for the other fire that happened.

The other fire.

Yeah.

Did you try to put it out once it spread beyond the trash can?

I did not.

How cool.

Is that my job?

That's my last job.

That's a fireman's job.

Thank you very much.

That's why we pay taxes.

Thank you very much.

You're a fire starter, not a fire ender.

Well, that's a good way to put it.

That's a good way to put it.

So anyway, long story short, long story is short, but I, I have a follow up before we end that, that story.

You say this is, that was 1996.

You were a six year old boy at that point.

That's correct.

And, and you got into this tussle in the car, 4th of July, 1997, when you're seven years old.

That's right.

I was.

Okay.

Five, six at the time.

Oh, okay.

So yeah, you hadn't hit that seven one that you hit when you're 15.

No, no, no.

Okay.

I'm just, I'm just trying to get the data.

And from seven to 15, I grew very slowly in comparison to.

Yeah, the springing up to five one.

Yeah, that's, those were the lean years.

Were you supposed to any chemicals as an infant?

I was.

There's a pending lawsuit with the water factory near my house.

That is the basin that in Alabama where they would mix water.

And they would redistribute it to everybody.

So.

What would they mix it with?

Well, they would mix it with purifiers to get the toxins.

Oh, okay.

I see.

It's a whole thing.

And we, we're.

It's a whole thing.

I'm in the process.

It's a whole thing.

I'm in the process of trying to collect money for that down the road.

How's that going?

Not very well.

Okay.

Not very well.

So are there a lot of people who were ever over seven feet tall from your town?

Oh, it's the vast majority of my town are big folk.

We like to be called big folk.

Not giants.

Not the G.

What is, what is the town called?

It's called Bigton.

Big, Bigton.

Bigton.

Yeah.

It's a shwa.

And I feel like it's a shwa.

Yeah, it's a shwa.

Bigton.

Population 27.

Only 27 of you survived.

There's 27 of us.

Okay.

We eat the food of population 1000 town.

I would imagine you eat the fruits from very tall trees, much like a giraffe does.

Well, I do not consider them tall, but yeah.

The leaves of banana trees.

Yeah, small trees.

Small trees.

Smaller trees than giraffes.

Giraffes are, I mean.

Like tiny giraffes.

Yeah, you're like tiny giraffes, yet larger humans.

Yes.

So people are trying to picture this.

I grew up in a world where I was normal.

Yeah.

Okay.

That's what every child hopes for.

So that's why when we come out and we hear this G word, thrown around so willy-nilly.

Sure.

All over the place.

Might I remind you, you introduced it into the language of this show.

Yes.

I tried to make a connecting moment with who I am with, with who the audience understand me to be.

Right.

And I think that they would know that American I'll try to call me a gentle giant.

All the time before they let me go.

Did you have any kind of altercation with American Idol?

By the fact that they kept saying this over and over on the program?

Is that why they kicked you out?

And you know, this is the first time I'm going to talk about this.

Thank you.

In public.

Exclusives.

Mainly because most, you know, other places don't seem to be interested.

I feel like we're giving you a lot of latitude here.

So, you know, please use it.

Is that another big person joke?

I don't understand.

Well, that would be a wide person joke.

Yeah.

All right.

Well.

Yeah.

Look here.

Thank you, right.

I think.

Here's the thing.

Let's Google that.

There's a computer around.

Latitude.

Lat.

That's lateral.

Here's the thing.

On the way out.

Think you're right about that.

I had, there was a craft service table behind the American Idol set.

Craft service is where you get all the snacks and food that people eat.

That is what I'm to understand.

Sure.

And directly after being eliminated, I just went over to the craft service table, trying to eat some food before.

Have one for the road.

Are you getting emotional?

This one is the hardest one for me because I felt judged before I even got to display.

So let's strip away all our judgment.

We just want to hear your story.

The security guard comes up to me and says, you're not allowed to be here.

I said, I'm sorry.

You don't understand.

I'm Jermaine Jones.

I was kicked out.

I said, I know who you are.

You are not allowed to be here.

I grabbed one more handful of pretzels, which for me was the ball.

Is you right?

And he said, he tried to make me put my pretzels down.

I said, no.

And let me just tell you something.

I'm a gentle person.

I'm a gentle big person.

Yeah.

Well, you don't want, don't make me angry.

You don't want to see Jermaine Jones when he angry.

Are you like a reverse Hulk?

Do you turn smaller?

That would be something.

If I could alter my body, do you think I would not do that all the time with the amount of crap that I take from people?

Is your favorite raw doll book, the BFG?

I don't even know that reference.

I'm with you on that one, though.

That's not a racial thing.

I mean, I typically roll doll for white children, but I'm with you.

I didn't read that.

I'm glad.

I'm glad you're with me on that.

Big, friendly giant.

Oh, see, this might be the problem, is that white children are getting books.

I agree.

In addressing the word giant.

I agree.

That's, it's a typical, typical.

But he's the hero of the story and he gives children dreams .

Well, and here's another thing.

Let me tell you something.

So was Freddy Krueger.

Okay.

He was the hero?

Well, the anti-hero, perhaps.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Thank you, Scott.

Okay.

Yeah, I understand what heroes do.

Little Miss Thingy Thing.

Thingy Thing.

You like this, though.

I do.

You're kind of interested.

We have a thing.

We have a, we have a, we have a words friendship.

Yeah, words with friends.

With friends.

Two friends who enjoy words.

Enjoy words together.

All right.

Well, Jermaine, I want to hear more of your story.

Can you stick around?

I feel like we've just barely scratched the surface, but I need to take a break.

Is that, is it okay if you stick around for a little bit?

Absolutely.

I'm absolutely, I'm here.

You're here.

You're, you're present.

I'm, yes, let's do it.

I can stay for hours.

I don't think we'll be needing you for that much.

All right, let's take a break.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be right back with Gillian Jacobs from Community.

We'll be right back with American, I will's Jermaine Jones.

We will, in fact, be right back.

Here comes the judge.

Order in the courtroom.

Here comes the judge.

We love the law.

We're never it.

We love the law.

We're at the court room.

We love the law.

If Marvie knew justice and friends, we needed our gambling hands.

We beat the judge.

Order in the courtroom.

We love the law.

When my dear friends was called to the bar at an upside-breaking party, but I had only one foot in mine to prime the guilty party.

We love the law.

We sing for the U-brake law.

Your swing for it.

Order in the courtroom.

We love the law.

Grab your hideous corpus.

Order in the courtroom.

We love the law.

Here comes the judge.

Beat up the law.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back.

We have Gillian Jacobs here from Community.

It's so wonderful to see you.

Is it?

It is.

We're working it out.

All right.

During the break, we talked about it a bit.

Yeah.

We started it.

I can maintain eye contact now.

This is progress.

We did some trust falls.

God.

I let you fall.

Yeah.

Unfortunately.

We still have some work to do.

We're going to get there though.

We'll get there.

And also, American Idol's Jermaine Jones, who- I want to do a trust fall.

You're too big.

No, wait a second.

Thank you for having the honesty to say that.

I would not have the courage to say.

Good on missing this.

After all we've been through.

I know, but Scott and I together could not catch you.

I'm canceling our game.

You're canceling the game.

You're going to take up that?

I'm going to cancel off friends with Warra's game.

You don't even know what's going on.

All right.

So let's talk about this a little bit.

During the break, I looked you up.

And it says they kicked you off of American Idol for not reporting some warrants, for not reporting a criminal record that you- That was- That was- They said what Nigel Lithcow had had said to me was that if I had reported this information, maybe there was something they could do about it.

But because I hadn't, they couldn't.

They couldn't.

They have a rule basically where if you don't tell the truth, you're kicked off the show and you did not tell the truth.

I did tell the truth.

I did though.

You told your truth.

Well, it's- Look, who's truth am I supposed to tell?

That's a good point.

Who's truth?

Am I supposed to tell?

I only know one truth and that is the- That's mine.

So look- Plural?

Look, their- I don't think it's nice to make fun of the way someone talks again.

I mean- Look, yes.

Sometimes I do throw an S at the end of words.

That's just a cultural thing, okay?

Oh.

Is that something that I'm going to be judged for now?

Yeah.

So, but my point being why did you lie?

Why did you keep it from Nigel?

Nigel wants to help you.

I'm trying to tell you- Nigel is there for you and yet you keep it from him.

He has no choice but to kick you off the show.

How do you respond?

Look, if you look at all of the papers that was signed and the application process we had to go through to even- even have our image put up on the television by the American Idol people.

You will see in the corner all sorts of little notes and tags and links that I put up- Wait, so- What?

I put up links to websites describing my past.

In your contract?

Yes, on the side, on the border.

Like YouTube links?

Yes, correct.

Is there YouTube footage of you in some of these alterc ations?

There was.

I had to take it down for legal reasons.

The one from 4th of July 1997.

Yes, that's no longer up on YouTube though.

The tussle with Randy.

The alleged tussle with Randy.

Wait, you didn't say it was alleged earlier.

You said that you got into a tussle.

Yeah.

Well, I'm going to go back and let's just make that a legend.

All right.

You can't do that.

You can't retroactively add on a legend.

Well, how can I do- I can't do it beforehand now.

What?

Sure you could have.

Well, I could have, but at this point- You can't do it now.

Yeah, exactly.

It makes a good point.

Exactly.

No, I mean, I feel like American Idol probably got a hold of the police reports from these incidents.

That's correct.

And maybe that there wasn't anything alleged about them.

Maybe all these things actually happened.

Allegedly, what happened in this tussle?

You describe it as a tussle, which to me seems rambunctious , seems friendly.

Okay.

Intimate.

Okay.

And yet- Intimate as well.

These are fair questions.

Yet the police were called.

Okay.

I was in the passenger seat.

Okay.

And my friend Randy, we was just, you know, arguing- I hope you were in the passenger seat because at the age of seven, you should not be driving that vehicle.

That is correct.

So, so far, everything A-okay.

And my story checks out 100% so far.

100% and you are fully within the legalities of being in a car.

How old was Randy?

Randy was 16 years old.

You're a little strange.

That, he was my friend.

All right.

And you were alone with him.

And he called the police on you.

Okay.

That's- Well, look, Randy was- It must have been bad.

Randy was from a neighboring town, so he was of the exact same height as I was at the time.

Okay.

So you were both five-eight or five-six.

Five-six.

Five-eight, five-six, whatever.

What's your wishes to you?

Well, exactly.

Exactly.

My hair can go up or down to winches at any given day.

That's true.

Now, we had been in a talk about some music, some music, that I had felt was not good that he was trying to play.

Okay.

This was 1997.

So are we talking Save Ferris?

The specific music at the time, I believe, was Alia.

Oh, Alia.

There's Alia.

The late great.

The late great Alia.

And I was defending Alia.

I was defending Alia.

Sure.

You didn't want to rock the boat.

I was defending her.

But he wanted to play the music.

I did not want to play said music.

Wait a minute.

How are you defending her if you don't want the music to be ?

I know you think you found inconsistency in my story, but I will address that once I'm done.

When will you do that?

Well, I can do that immediately, like right now.

Okay.

This moment.

Please, if that's what she likes.

Okay.

Let there be no more discussion about it.

Let please explain it right away.

This is what happened.

He said, look, I'm going to put Leon.

I'm going to put Leon because I hate her.

She's a bitch.

I'm glad she's dead.

That's what he said.

I'm going to put her on a speak of life at her.

I said, you do not do that.

Alia, I'm going to defend her.

And at the same time, do not play that music because we're not going to make a mockery of it.

That makes sense.

See.

You're just going to hate listen to Alia.

Oh.

My quick.

Have any of my words wrong false?

The tone was clear and true.

All right.

So you said that to him, all of a sudden the tussle breaks out or what exactly?

Okay.

It has to slow down.

No, tussle, that is one way to describe it.

Sure.

I immediately, how it began, I, okay, yes.

I put my big hand on his throat.

I just, You describe your own hand as big.

Yes.

I described it as big.

It's not big to you though.

It's just your hand.

I would take.

I'm trying to communicate with you guys in a way that you can understand.

Oh, I see.

You're describing it as big.

So we know, we get the full impact.

Everybody has been so all about the way I look in my size.

Since I've been here, I thought maybe you guys, it would bring you a little bit closer to the story that.

I understand.

But at the same size that you are, why is your hand so much bigger than his hand?

You guys are the same height.

Oh, no.

I didn't.

Okay.

Look, my hand was not big compared to his hand.

Compared to his throat.

It looks very big.

He had a tiny throat.

Look, he is, well, this is the thing about the town nearby.

Is that the water filtration system.

Sure.

Different water filtration system that the one that your town is using.

They have a whole other lawsuit going on.

And it makes people throat small.

Slim and slender.

And what is the name of that town?

Small, like.

That's a throat skill.

Throat skill.

Okay.

Throat skill Alabama.

Look it up.

Right next to Bigton.

Throat skill in Bigton.

Sister cities.

Are they connected by a bridge of some sort?

It's a tunnel.

Oh, okay.

It is a tunnel.

All right.

So you put your giant massive meaty paw.

This is how it began.

Around his pencil neck.

Can I didn't squeeze?

I didn't squeeze.

I did not squeeze.

But he starts throwing a fit.

Okay.

I can't breathe.

I'm seeing stars.

Right.

He splashes some water in my face.

We have some water in the front seat of the car.

You guys should have just left this water alone.

Why are you bringing water into this?

Well, that's not that.

And they affect- You're still drinking water at this point?

Let me tell you, it burns.

Yeah.

It burns to the skin.

But there's nothing like a little hometown, Bigton water.

There's nothing like it.

Yeah.

It just tastes good.

Yeah.

You grow up with the way you grow up.

That's nice.

I'm already the way I am.

That's true.

But there was a lull in your growing.

I feel like if you'd stop drinking the water, you had a shot at being- Yeah, what happened without a shot at being- A little missing?

A little missing?

Um, not 7-1.

And what's wrong with being 7-1?

You seem very self-conscious about it.

Do I?

I'm happy with my physical appearance, my, uh, my, uh, alleged height, my- It's alleged?

Well, I think some things are facts in this world.

I think some things are facts.

Well, you are 7-1.

Yes, but- Gillian resigned from two games.

Look, on a bad hair- I was like, I did really- These are facts.

On a bad hair day, I'm 7-3.

As we discussed- What do you want a good hair- Earlier.

7-1.

Okay.

Let's- let's get- When did you- When did- Did you stop drinking the water for a period?

Is that what have- Why didn't- Why did this growth spurt- Why did it take you so long to go from 5-6 to 7-1?

What- There was a, uh, a small period where I was sent away, to, uh, a sleepaway camp.

Oh, okay.

Let me ask you one question before we get into this.

Yes.

Was there any problem with the water at this sleepaway camp ?

By any chance?

Uh, well, uh, no, not that I know.

This was normal water.

Water filtration system with A-okay.

As far as I know.

Were you able to come and go as you please?

Or was this kind of maybe like a juvenile detention center slash sleepaway camp?

I went to the camp with an understanding that it was going to be a two and a half month experience.

And then when I tried to leave, yes, they did try to, uh, detain me, so to speak.

They tried to, they, um, there was several incidents there where we won't get into which may or may not have resulted in some physical altercations.

It seems to me like anytime you talk like this, you can just take it as there were incidents that did result in.

When you say may or may not have, we just have to take it as the, as fact.

Well, I mean, you could take it however you wanted.

Thank you.

That's your product.

Thank you so much.

That's what I've been waiting for.

Thank you so much for the- You know, you will never get me to concur.

No.

I think I can get you to concur by the end of this program.

I don't concur very easily.

Yeah, I've noticed that about you.

I have a- You are concurless.

I have a no concur policy.

I understand that.

Well, so you went away to a, to a facility.

You, you, you didn't get the time off for good behavior that you thought you were going to get.

You didn't get, you didn't get to come back after two and a half months.

But I want to get back to this, uh, this, this, uh, throttle, throttling of Randy.

Okay.

If we could.

Okay, you're throttling Randy.

Yes.

He calls the police.

Yeah.

Do they ask what he's doing in the car with you?

Doesn't, now look, that wasn't a question.

The police, first of all, they, they, they, they, put me in handcuffs.

Yeah.

I was the minor.

Yeah.

Sure.

They put me in handcuffs.

They detained me.

Normally you're not allowed to arrest minors.

That's, that's, that's my understanding as well.

You can't put me in, you can't put me in, and they put me in a big person cell.

Well, you were five, six.

Yes, but look, I, this is another lawsuit I have out.

Yeah.

Do you think that they should have put you in a tiny cell, like for children, like a little half cell?

Is that what you think that?

I would, I think that that would be more, either that look, I can't decide what the legal system, uh, decides for people of different needs.

But all I know is my needs were not meant that day.

And at the same time, they put me in a, they treated me like an adult.

No.

Did your parents know you were with Randy?

No.

They did not know my parents are not the boss of me.

They've never been the boss of me.

They do not own me.

Well, technically at the time they were the boss of you.

They're your legal guardians.

They are allowed to order you within the realm of, uh, common decent.

You were six years old.

You were a child.

Okay.

I, I accept your opinion of that.

That's not, once again, fact, that's a fact.

You were a child.

I, okay.

Yes.

I was a child.

And your parents didn't know where you were, and you were alone in a car with a 16 year old.

We have a very small town.

There's not a lot of people to hang out with.

There's 27 people here in this town.

You didn't have a lot of crime coming in and out.

You find the friends you, you can get.

I could play on the street.

My parents would just go, you know, Jermaine, Deaf Runner.

Oh, boy.

That's my mama.

And I would just come and run it.

Now we're getting into, we're getting into these childhood stories that I like.

Just, oh, bigton was just, uh, it's a privilege to grow up in a town with so many.

Ice cream man ever come by.

Oh, yes.

Why do one of that sound like?

Oh, the ice cream man?

Yeah, with all the kids that they get excited.

He would just come by with all of his flavors, just dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong.

And he would just give all of us kids would run out and we would just, you know, oh, we had a wonderful time with the ice cream man.

Did the Fourth of July play into this?

In any way?

Yeah, did you already have it?

Did he, what happened first, the Fourth of July incident or the choking incident?

No, the 1996 was something different.

For the Fourth of July on 1997, that's when he, the choking tussle.

So when you set the house on fire.

That was the 1996.

I said, I said trash can.

I said trash can of fire.

That happened to also set a house on fire.

Allegedly.

But you know, like, if somebody starts a set of top of fire work in the forest and there's a huge forest fire, there were hells on fire.

Is anyone there to hear?

No, but they're held responsible for the forest fire.

So I think.

I think that's a mistake.

Fire is fire.

Fire.

We can't control fire.

Once we try to control the elements, we're already being he uristic.

Wow.

I never thought about that.

Why do you say wow like that when I say the word heuristic?

Maybe I didn't expect someone.

Whoa, what?

Of your height.

Wow.

To know, to be able to reach a dictionary.

Unbelievable.

Dictionaries are usually down at the bottom.

Shelf.

In the library.

I'm already back.

This.

Yeah.

You know what?

I would be angry, but you're right.

You're right.

Because I'm a tall guy too.

Very small words.

Yeah.

And one thing that you wouldn't think about being the size I am, but it's hard to read small words.

Why?

Your eyes are so big that you can't read small words.

My pupils are larger than the average human being.

Yeah, everything's definitely.

So small print.

It's just it's like.

Must be tough to read it like a reader's digest.

Oh god, that's how.

I can't even do.

I don't even I don't even know what that is.

Yeah.

I don't even know what that is.

It has never entered my world.

So then how would you know if it's tough to read it or not?

You immediately jumped on it.

Look, I trust you.

Oh, finally.

This is cool.

I trust you.

Good.

We finally reached the point where I'm going to lead you.

I'm going to guide you.

I want to get your story out.

I want people to sympathize with you.

I want people to empathize with you.

Thank you.

And I want people to say, you know what?

I mean, you got a raw deal.

I did.

You know what I mean?

Thank you.

We're not there yet.

Okay.

We're not there.

I think we need to.

We're on the way to saying that in legitimate business.

And the fact that you trust me and will allow me to be your guide through this process, it means the world to me.

You may concur with him on this journey.

Okay.

Well, if we at the end of this, if you feel that way, I may concur.

Okay.

Concur with this.

Yeah.

You have a police record.

Okay.

Look, and here's the thing.

And I know you're going to say I'm trying to twist things and everything.

When we when you say record, that implies a repeat offense.

Now, yes, there are two incidents is where police were called.

And my name was supposed to have been taken.

Two that you've spoken about.

Two that I've spoken about.

What about the the incidences where you gave them names other than Jermaine Jones?

Okay.

Yes.

Those were names.

Those were incidences.

Those were so a few incidents.

Okay.

But you but you said police record.

Okay.

Sure.

Yes.

And I just want to take umbridge.

Again, what's that?

That's a lovely word.

Okay.

Cause I say word, I say in fancy words often.

What's the fanciest word you know?

What would you say?

Mmm.

I think uh, conundrum.

Oh, and what does that mean?

Uh, you know what?

I've been thinking about real hard, but I just can't figure that one out.

That's a conundrum.

Exactly.

That's the word I'm trying to figure out.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

Okay.

Um, so, so you have a police record.

Can you just say that and admit it and admit that you were wrong?

And then maybe we can move past this.

Okay.

Look, this is what we're going to do.

I'm going to say that there were multiple police investigations involving me.

That led to that led to them making a detailed report.

Making some assumptions.

And led to arrests.

And that led to you going to a juvenile detention facility.

But the last two, first of all, did not lead to arrests.

I got away scot-free.

Sure.

But are you saying you ran?

You ran from the police.

There was running involved.

Okay.

I'm a very fast runner.

Are you, are you agile?

You seem like you kind of stumble over your proportionally.

You probably think I was moving slow, but I just cover ground.

Yeah, I would imagine like, it's like Paul Bunyan one step and you're just in another state.

Paul Bunyan is a legend and somebody who should not be thrown out there.

I'm sorry, but don't you want to be a legend?

Isn't that why you went on American Idol?

Yes.

I want to be famous.

I'm comparing you to a legend.

Well, I appreciate that.

It's like if I were comparing you to Aretha Franklin or something.

Yeah.

Well, I'm comparing you to Paul Bunyan.

Thank you.

Well, look, there is, I do think I would love to be something of the Martin Luther King for big people.

Oh.

All right.

See, we're on all right now.

There aren't a lot of people your size.

Oh, I can get behind this.

I think planes are prejudiced against people of your size because not really they know they.

They are blinds.

Yeah.

If you say that you're a giant, I use that the medical term , OK, which is what you use when you're on a plane, then they have to move you to a bulkhead.

Yeah, or either a bulkhead or even a business class.

Oh, yeah.

It's I this is why I hate flying and it's a discriminatory.

You just have to say that you have to say I am a giant.

Oh, see, that's the part you probably don't want to do that .

Well, no, I do not do that.

I just I show up there.

I take the coach seat and I show up there in person.

I look at them straight in the eyes.

You have to look down though, probably to look them straight in the eyes.

Yes, that's how I do it.

But they're looking up.

So I imagine that it works out.

Yes.

Although to me, it's hard to see people's expressions when they're so tiny.

Because your eyes are so big.

My pupils are large and they're so small.

That's kind of hard to read.

It just doesn't work.

It's like people are ants.

You know, and that's why I request that people make big facial motion.

Are my expressions not big enough for you?

I have not been able to get and this might be part of our community.

You see, this is what I'm saying.

You want to get a tabs on you and little miss over there.

I honestly didn't know you were in the room when I first walked in.

You thought it was a disembodied voice.

I did.

It's like someone's there.

But I've learned that when a voice is there, it just means that there's a very tiny person over there.

And to be fair, you're not tiny.

You're regular size.

I'm not too tiny.

I mean, I'm sure I've been called short.

You've been called short by home.

Who would dare?

No, you know what?

I can relate to your pain in the opposite direction.

I was called shrimp in school.

What's a shrimp?

You've never eaten a shrimp?

No, seriously, what is that?

It's a little tiny food.

It's a crustacean.

Yeah, it's a shellfish.

I'm zipping crustacean.

It's probably the tiniest food that exists.

I never even seen it.

What kind of food do you eat?

Do you have to eat?

Oh, you know.

I mean, we talked about the banana tree leaves.

Pretzels.

I enjoy pretzels.

I eat hambo pretzels.

Hamfels with pretzels at a time.

Have you heard of jumbo shrimp?

Oh, jumbo shrimp!

Yeah, yeah.

Jumbo shrimp?

Yeah, shrimp are just smaller jumbo shrimp.

Oh my god.

Because I was like, why are they saying jumbo shrimp with other jumbo?

Yeah.

It's just smaller.

So why would they...

Okay, so they called you shrimp?

Oh, they were comparing her to the smallest animal that anyone can eat.

That's it.

So you do know.

Yeah, I feel like pain.

And maybe you could be like the Rosa Parks of possibly small.

Oh, god.

I don't...

You know, I don't think I'm worthy of that title.

Okay.

But I can aspire to it.

Well, you're out there.

You're an example to short kind of people with social anxiety who talks to themselves on the playgrounds.

Yeah.

Of all people out there in the US of A.

Yeah.

And you know, if you try hard enough, and if you have a symmetrical face, you can become a famous actress.

And I'm offering, actually, I've set up a scholarship to fix people's faces if they're non-symmetrical.

That is the biggest problem with people who want to be actors.

If you don't have a symmetrical face, give it up.

It's not going to happen for you.

No, here's what I'm here to say today.

Don't give it up.

Just...

Right to me.

Get the class of surgery.

I saved some money.

I can make your face symmetrical, and you'll be on your way to a very successful career and show business.

But please don't even try unless you've had the surgery or you're blessed with a symmetrical face.

De Doy.

Yeah.

Do you...

Your face...

I...

It's a little too large for me to really...

It's like trying to look at a billboard when you're standing directly in front of you.

He's beyond symmetry.

I can't really tell.

I'm going to not take offense by that last comment.

Could you back up just a little bit and I can just get a real sense of it.

Just a little...

Just me.

A little further back, if you could.

Just...

Oh, that is not symmetrical at all.

I can't really tell.

Still.

Look, I'm over the opinion personally that asymmetry is beauty.

Not every one of God's creatures is...

You are in the minority, and I don't...

I don't mean to offend you by saying that.

You don't mean to offend me on the black level or the giant level.

I just mean to say most people don't feel that way.

I definitely didn't mean to use that word.

Pleat, you're starting to get very angry.

I...

You've turned purple and...

I'm keeping it together.

I know.

I...

I'm keeping it together.

I apologize.

Look, please don't reverse Hulk me.

If Michael Clark Duncan was here, he would not be able to keep it together the way I am.

Is he from your town?

Oh yeah.

Oh, it was he...

Is he one of your childhoods?

Oh yes.

There's a lot of Hollywood people from my town, Michael Clark Duncan, Yafet Koto.

Andre the...

Andre the Giant...

Andre the Giant White Guy.

Yeah.

You got him to say the word.

That's so horrible.

Well, that's his name.

That's his name.

That's...

Yeah, that's just legal.

Oh, you'll accept that.

You're not offended by his name.

Oh, look.

Andre was a hero of mine growing up.

So I personally believe the word giant killed him.

Oh.

So, I mean, we could get into that, but you know...

Do you remember that movie, My Giant?

Billy Crystal.

Yes, I did.

Based on his time with Andre the Giant.

Deeply offensive film.

Andre the Giant, he's the first one of us who got where he was.

He's the first one to become famous.

I think of it like, like Blackface.

Something, there was some good...

There were some good performers back then.

Who was something?

They had to do it.

Andre, he had to call himself the Giant, just so people would know what it was all about.

That's right.

I understand.

It's like Peter Dinklage.

Like, why do they always have to call him Dinklage?

I know, because that's the...

Because it's a little Dinklage.

That's the noises tiny balls make.

Because it's a little Dinklage Dinklage.

Why do they have to do that?

I know, it doesn't make any sense.

And yet he had to take that name, so people wouldn't go, who is this guy?

Why aren't they calling him Dinklage?

Exactly.

All right.

Well, it's time to now do...

We have one last thing, not one last thing, but it's time to do one of our favorite features here on the show.

And, and, and, you may not, I'd like you to play this, if you would.

You're a first time...

Oh, is the... is it a game?

It is a little game.

Yeah, it's time to play something you call...

How about all?

You'll be able to play it, I still think.

We'll try to supersize it for you.

Okay.

I'll try to make my expressions very large.

Thank you.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather?

♪ All right, we haven't played this in a while, actually.

There's a dusting it off here.

Time to dust off the gold, known as Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

I will read a Would You Rather scenario that was sent to us on our Twitter.

Our Twitter is CBBWyr, which is a comedy bang bang.

Would you rather send us these?

I went looking for some today.

There was a Paucity.

It was a little hard to pick one, to be honest.

But I did get a good one.

I'll read out the scenario.

I'll open the floor for questions.

You can ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios, because I know all the answers regarding the specifics regarding these scenarios.

I'll close the floor for questions.

We'll vote.

And then I'll assign a winner.

All right, so Chad Siaat is my best guess at how that is pronounced, which is at our attack, which is also my best guess of how that is pronounced.

He asks, Would You Rather have rocket shoes that take you fast to boring places?

Or a talking cat that only tells you what your friends say behind your back?

All right, would you rather have rocket shoes that take you really, really fast to boring places?

Or a talking cat that only tells you what your friends say behind your back?

All right, I'm opening the floor for questions.

I can answer any question that you have here.

We're talking boring places as you would judge them boring, personally?

Yes, they are attuned to your personality.

They are attuned.

And they...

Write that down.

To my personality.

Personality.

It's personality, a difficult one for you.

I just write very large.

Oh, yeah.

So it takes a little bit longer for me.

Yeah, so they're attuned to your personality so that they, anytime you put them on, you say rocket shoes go.

That's the way you command them, by the way, vocally.

Rocket shoes go, boom!

They take you to the most boring place that you can imagine , or they take you to places that drill.

Are you continuously going places in these rocket shoes, or do you only have to wear them every so often?

When you say you only have to wear them every so often, oh, well then the rocket shoes, right?

If you, please don't vote.

Sorry.

Please, this is jumping on that vote.

Classic, would you rather blunder?

Clear.

So sorry to say.

I'm going to have to doggy point to Gillian.

I'm not even playing!

Yeah, you are.

Oh, I thought you only invited him to play.

No, of course you're playing.

Oh, sorry, sorry.

This is maybe the issue then.

I think she just quit another game on you.

All right, but I am going to have to doggy points for voting early.

Okay, sorry.

So I'm ducking you five points, and you started out at negative two, so you're now at negative seven.

This cat, does it speak in English?

Which man, you're zero.

Why did I start out in the negative con?

Because of the word I was from.

Oh, all right.

So, here we go.

That's fair.

You get paid less, you get less points.

Sure.

Okay.

All right, so I'm sorry.

What was your question?

Oh, does the cat speak in English?

Great question.

Right.

That is a really good question.

No, unfortunately he speaks in Mandarin, and you have to put it through Google Translator.

And so it always is a little jumbled, so you're kind of not quite knowing exactly what your friends are saying about you, but you get the tone.

You sort of can figure it out a little bit.

Okay.

Yeah, great question.

Gillian, you that's something?

You don't have to look so disgusted, by the way, the fact that you're playing this game.

The look on your face.

You're like, ugh.

Well, I feel like the answer is clear, right?

I mean, if you don't know all- But you don't know all- If you're not compelled to wear these shoes frequently, if you only have to go every once in a while- But you don't know about your other shoes that you have to wear when you're not wearing those.

That's not a good name.

Does it take you to a random boring place, or a boring place of your choice?

Takes you to the most nearby one.

Oh.

So it's kind of not a bad way to get around sometimes, where you're like, you know what?

The things across town.

Yeah, like the DMV.

But you know, like that club I want to go is right next to the DMV.

I'm going to use it like a subway system, which has a stop at a certain place.

Do you fit into a subway?

Well, I've heard of them.

No, I don't go in the subway.

No.

Oh, no.

That would be disastrous.

No, no.

That would be- Yeah, I like to stay above ground, not only because I'm claustrophobic, but- Yeah, and so you're not one of the mole people who is- I'm sorry?

You're not one of the mole people who's dug- One from under the ground.

There are mole people?

I've heard tales of giant people who live underground.

No, I'm not a sub-regret.

Sub-surranean civil- I just wanted to check.

I just wanted to check.

Civilian?

Civilian, thank you.

So, Gillian, so you don't have any questions about the other shoes that you're forced to wear when you're not wearing the rocket shoes?

Oh, gosh.

Okay.

I'll take the bait, Scott.

Where are the other shoes that are?

Converse.

Oh, well then guess.

I love Converse.

With nails in them.

What?

Poking my feet?

No.

Poking what?

Poking the ground.

They're like cleats.

They're cleats?

Well, I mean, that could be helpful.

That could be helpful.

I've slipped and fallen in my time.

I fall all the time.

Really?

That must cause some sort of tremors in the earth.

Well, there are- yes, we have- yes, I've registered on the Richter scale.

So, so far we know that in one situation you have two pairs of shoes.

You have rocket shoes that you say rocket shoes go, and it takes you to the most near by boring place.

And you can make several jumps.

You know?

So- So- Yeah.

You know, what was that movie jumper?

Was that what it was?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Hidden Christians in vehicle.

So you can make several jumps to get to where you want to go.

You know, it might take you 27 times to get to New York City, but you know, eventually you'll get there.

Maybe it's not- I think that's- that you pinpointed it.

It's using the boring places to get to larger places.

You want to go?

Yes.

Use it to be better.

Are you allowed to take the shoes off?

Or are they like- You are because you have to wear your other shoes that are- Oh.

that have nails in them, the converse.

Yeah, so- But you're not allowed to have bare feet ever.

How much does- Because the sunlight burns your- your- the skin on your feet.

So you have to switch shoes as quickly as possible.

Do you have to pay for rocket fuel out of your own pocket?

Great question.

Yes.

That is your number one expense when your accountant calls you.

They're like, I have this line item that I have to talk to you about rocket fuel, $35,000 this year.

Wow.

It's big.

So it's not cheap.

It's not cheap at all.

No, so bear that in mind.

Now on the other side of the spectrum, I'm now forgetting what the other- The question was- Oh, the cat.

Cat, cat.

Tell me what your friend's saying about it.

Yeah, in Mandarin that you have to put through the Google Translator.

Are you forced to put it through the translator, or could you just listen to Mandarin that you don't understand?

You are forced at gunpoint.

Oh.

Does the cat have a gun?

The cat has a gun on you.

Okay.

If I were to say, bring the cat to an event with a bunch of Chinese people and present it as a fascinating talking cat.

And then I pulled the thing, I pulled the curtain up.

Would that cat perform for me, or would it just sit there?

That's a great question.

Well, let me ask about the curtain.

It's behind a curtain.

You've built a little kind of proscenium stage.

I built a stage.

I presented- Let's make a big presentation out of it.

The amazing Mandarin cat.

I opened it up and the cat sits there, or does the cat do its show?

It- Well- Is it a Doctor Do Little situation?

Is this the city?

Right.

Is it Michigan J Frog situation?

It cannot capitalize.

In this scenario, are there metal detectors in the hall that you're going to?

I mean, any place that I- If it was my event, no.

No, I would not put metal in there.

But is this the embassy that you're talking about, the Mandarin, the Chinese embassy?

I mean, how I get my audience, you can leave that up to me in my public- I'm just saying that the cat can't bring the gun into place .

Is your cat the publicist?

That would be another question.

Is the cat the publicist- Is the cat willing to take on some extra duties?

Interested in that, or has- For a little walking around- For a little walking around- Law.

Law.

Well, I'm always in the market for another lawyer to- Free legal counsel.

For one of these cases.

Let me answer your questions in order.

Yes, no, yes.

Thank you.

Okay.

No problem.

All right.

Any other questions?

Can you kill the cat?

See, now we're getting down to it.

Can you kill the cat?

Why would you want to kill this cat?

Just to stop this shattering.

How good are you at resting a gun away from someone?

How big is a gun?

Is it a human-sized gun or is it a cat-sized gun?

It's a cat-sized gun.

And what- So, Jermaine, I don't know if you'd even be able to- Yeah, he wouldn't be able to see it.

No, no.

He would probably fire it at you and just be like little peep-hung balls.

Yeah, that's correct.

A bullet has no effect on me.

Really?

See, now this is interesting.

Is this why you're in so much trouble with a law?

Why people always want to talk about this.

When I shouldn't even say anything.

Yeah, no bullets don't hurt me.

Oh, how many times have you been shot?

Well, I've been shot eight times in my elbow.

And that skin is just like an elephant.

Yeah.

You cannot penetrate that.

You can't.

Wow.

Why are people aiming for your elbow?

Well, it's more of a wherever they aim.

I just get the elbow in that between us.

Is that like a certain form of self-defense that you know?

Or you're just working with your- Yeah, that's right.

I mean, generally, sometimes I just flail out of fear.

And my elbows just cover a lot of ground.

Has the army ever tried to recruit you?

As some sort of like- We had some army people come to our town when I was a child once.

And they asked some questions and- Did they maybe they did this to your water?

Have you ever thought about that?

That the army had done- Oh, you know, to grow a new race of super soldiers?

This? Oh, you see, this is- But I don't understand why I'm gentle.

Okay, we gotta get back to the game here.

Because we haven't even voted- Can I kill the cat?

Can you kill the cat?

If you are able to rest that gun away from the cat, the tiny, tiny gun, and if you're- I mean, I would imagine you'd have to wrap your pinky around the trigger because your huge- I could do a cat fingers.

Well, my hands are a lot closer to the size of a cat's paw.

You think so?

Yeah.

But I have pretty small hands.

All right.

I do have one crooked finger.

My pinky, it's my Chernobyl finger.

Well, it took your word for it.

Did you grow up with something in your water?

Yeah, it was more of a gas problem that we had in my town.

Mm, okay.

And a water.

You could sue over that.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, I bet you can.

So, yes, you are able to kill the cat- Yeah, I'm gonna go with the cat.

Please don't- Oh my gosh, I got to document another seven points.

That's so pretty.

You're at negative 14 now.

Very early voting.

You mean- Very- Load early and often.

That's not how you play the game, but I appreciate the sentiment.

All right, we're- Any more questions?

We're just about to close the floor.

Oh, no.

I think I'm clear on the choice- You are exasperated with this game.

I made my decision.

All right.

Because before I close the floor, you're thinking the cat because you can kill the cat?

Yeah.

Because you want to kill a cat?

Is that- Well, I don't want to- Have you ever killed a cat?

Mm-hmm.

Oh.

Okay.

Oh, that's weird.

That's weird.

Sorry.

Yeah.

All right.

I'm going to close the floor.

Allegedly.

Yeah.

Learn to say allegedly, please.

Please.

I've served my time.

I can say- Yes.

In clear conscious, I killed a cat.

All right.

I'm just creeping me out, Jermaine.

It's weird.

Yeah.

I'm not afraid of what I've done, or my past, unlike you.

Oh my goodness.

No.

Okay.

See, now I'm going to have to- Stop swinging your hands around, by the way.

There's not enough room in this.

See, I'm just- I'm just going to- I just need to get some air going in here.

Yeah, you're moving your neck up and down, and it's causing kind of- I'm just a wind tunnel effect.

When I get angry, I just need to- I need to rock to calm myself down.

Please.

Just challenge me for- The building is shaking my side to side.

Please don't do that.

The- Oh my god.

This is a structurally unsettling video.

When I leave, I'm going to look- I'm going to put my eye up to the window.

I'm going to look in here one more time.

If you're still in here- Oh my goodness.

Please don't do that.

All right, I'm going to close the floor, and it's time to vote.

Gilly and I think it's no surprise how you're going to vote , but maybe you'll surprise us.

How are you going to do this?

Cack, because I can kill it.

All right, cack, as you can kill it.

By the way, this game is worth 15 points.

So you can still win.

You're a negative 14.

Yes.

But you can still win this.

All right, Jermaine, how do you like to vote?

Well, first of all, so there's no mathematical way that she could beat me.

I'd like to vote cat.

No, there isn't- it's worth 15 points.

She's at negative 14.

She can get one point, and then you'd be at zero, because the reasons why you're doing it are important.

I see.

Yeah, so- Well, let me tell you why.

Okay.

I will vote cat because A, guns have no effect on me.

And B, I have this plan that if I got a bunch of Mandarin people together, we could make a lot of money considering this cat is willing to perform.

Because you have one of the most giant people in the world with some of the shortest people in the world, and then a talking cat.

I mean- That's a recipe right there.

I just- I have that feeling, and it's just one of these feelings that I get that that will be a special moment.

Okay.

All right, well, you both voted, and it's time for me to tally up the points here.

There's 15 points possible, grading you on Pinesh, and also on content and style, and- All right, I have the results.

Gillian, you have a perfect score.

You have 15 points that puts you at one point.

Congratulations.

Cat was the correct answer, and your reasons for the cat were sound and true.

Thank you.

You do want to kill that cat.

I do want to kill that cat, and I will kill that cat.

Very good.

I just want to say, before you announce how I did, if you could do me a favor and have somebody put some restraints on my arms and my legs.

Right.

Is it cool if you- Yeah, could you- Engineer Brad here, if you could- Um- All right, you know what, let me take off my belt, if you could just- Yes, go ahead.

Just wrap that on my forehead, and around the back of the chair.

Okay, there we go.

Which I will lean down as far as I can to look at the fucking- Well, I- I cannot move.

All right, let's go.

So this is just kind of in case the answer doesn't come out the way.

It wants to come out.

That is correct.

But- But- But- But- But- But- But- But- But- But- But- But- But- You know- If I like it so much, I just- You had such a lead, it would be very difficult to lose in this situation.

That is my feeling of it as well.

I'm glad you concur.

All right.

He concurves.

Yeah, he hasn't concurred.

Um- Jermaine, you got a total of half a point.

You're at one half points.

Gilling, that means you're our winner.

Congratulations.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!

Congratu- Are you- Jermaine, are you okay?

No.

What's going on?

Oh.

I'm living- I'm living- I'm living- He seems very agitated.

I'm- I'm- I'm- I'm doing fine.

I just need to- Mmm.

Mmm.

Whoa!

God, the humanity!

Oh my God.

Oh!

I can't believe you made me lose!

I- I- oh, got my neck!

I- my regular size!

No, not the dog!

I feel so hurt.

Unh-unh-immed him!

Where are you?

Where is she?

It's a disembodied voice!

To please don't grab her.

I'm gonna get- I'll kill you like him.

Get away from my eyelashes!

I can't- I can't see.

Wait, I have a gun!

I have a gun!

Ew-bo!

Oh no, it hasn't affected him!

Oh, go!

Spectra has a- Gun for cats!

Oh, his giant eyes!

Aim for those giant eyes!

They're hard to miss!

Ugh!

Oh, my- my sauce- Gillian has cats paws in her pockets!

How are you doing this?

So in the cat I kill!

I'm- I'm- I'm going down!

I'm going down!

I love this song.

Uh-huh.

You should have sang this on the- on the show.

Wow.

Okay, well that is- that is of course- uh- how we play would you rather?

Hahaha!

Oh!

All right, that is of course how we play would you rather.

Great game guys, that got competitive and we- We killed a man.

We tussled a little.

And I'm okay.

I'm- What?

You're still alive?

Yes, I'm still alive.

I'm very resilient.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I- I noticed those mole people.

They're really hard to kill.

That's the other thing that I heard about them.

They're really like- They're regenitering.

You still think I'm a mole person.

How do you say they were regenit- Regenitative.

Regenirative.

Yeah, that's a tough one.

C'mon, drum.

They kind of grow back body parts.

Yeah.

Anyway- Did you figure out what an enderment?

Um, what is- It's uh- I did not figure it out on my own accord, no.

No, okay.

I'm still- If anybody knows.

All right, well we have one last thing to do and that is of course- Pol- Uh- G- Zuh.

Well we had a great time to show.

But now it's time for the plugs.

You know we had a great time to show.

But now it's time for the plugs.

Ain't nobody move.

I've got a gun.

Oh.

You know we had a very bad good time and that's time for the plugs.

Yeah.

Nobody moves.

Yeah.

Oh.

Nobody moves.

All right, that is uh- uh- Melancholy and sweet.

And uh- with a- Strange mixed messages.

Well nobody moved by have a gun.

The middle of that.

But that was Hallelujah the Hills.

Hallelujah the- Hallelujah the Hills.

Thank you so much for um- Sending that plugs theme to us.

If you have your own plugs theme, go on over to earwolf.com.

Go to the message boards under the comedy bang bang, under the appropriate thread.

You can be famous for a week.

Hallelujah the hills.

You are famous.

Long may you reign.

Well for only one week.

Next week we'll have a different plugs theme.

But it is time to do it uh- Gillian.

What do you got?

Well I got a movie opening in June called Seeking a Friend for the End of the World with Steve Carell and Care and Knight.

Oh you love that.

Oh that's fantastic.

Yep.

Congratulations.

Thanks man.

Uh are you above the title?

Below the title?

Yeah.

I was in a small part but it's a part.

That's great.

Thanks man.

Congrats and then of course communitae.

Communitae.

Please please support it and watch it so that it may come back.

It's good.

You watch my show?

Oh yeah when I get a chance I watch it.

It must be hard for you to do you have a giant screen tv's and you know.

I have a small you know or regular size.

Oh how big is it?

Oh 72.

Okay yeah that's very small.

Consider that to be generous.

All right uh so both of those things make sure to check them out and uh jamein what do you have to plug?

Anything?

Well I am uh currently uh uh I don't know.

That's a good question.

Not much going on with you huh?

Well no there's tons going on but when we're talking about plug it I mean I'm like my microwave I don't know.

Are there tv programs you like to watch anything uh that I'm a big fan of community.

I'm a big fan of key and P.O.

Key and P.O that's a good show.

Yeah that's a great show.

That's on Comedy Central right.

Yeah that's second season I believe is erin uh September 27.

Okay and can people check out the first season in any way do you already?

I believe it's online.

Oh great.

You know a lot about this show.

Oh it's my favorite.

Uh you know people show me I can't you know hit those.

Yeah they're remote controls they're not built for people.

Or those tiny little keys on the key points.

I don't even mess with those keys.

I can't.

You're in big sausage fingers.

Yeah I just I'm just being racist.

I'm hitting racist against us big people.

Yeah exactly that's what I'm okay that's how you guys are so I've accepted you.

I thank you so much.

I've accepted you.

Hey and you know what?

I've accepted you.

And I concur that you've done that.

Wow he did it.

I concur.

We concurantly concur.

Yes we did.

We finally did.

Thank you so much.

Oh Jermaine.

All right well I want to plug.

First of all I want to give a shout out to Eric Biederman.

Eric thank you so much for donating $150 to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much.

Keeps the doors open.

You also share with Hallelujah the Hills your fame for a week.

Thank you so much Eric.

Well something special coming to you and I want to plug the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

June 8th.

Gillian's on it.

What what?

She's on there.

How did you enjoy your time on the set?

It was excellent.

It was too fleeting an appearance though.

It was really.

My wife's complete.

I want to have you back in a larger capacity.

Yeah.

And you're very funny in the viral video as well which I'm not sure will be out by the time that this comes out.

Seems like it's a surprise to you but you did film it.

Don't remember it.

Ha ha.

Check that out and soon I'll have a word on how you can see an episode early actually so that'll be maybe in two weeks from now.

But that's all I have let us close up the old plug bag and that's been our show.

Thank you so much.

I want to thank you Gillian.

It's always my pleasure to have you here.

Hopefully it won't be Community's fifth season before your back.

I would love that.

Yeah it will be our fifth game of words with friends though.

Yes.

Oh we'll update you gentle listeners on how those games are going.

And Jimane speaking of gentle.

Thank you so much.

Thank you so much for coming on and sharing your story.

And just amazing and I feel like a weight is off my shoulders the weight of the world.

Wow and I bet you could carry the world on your shoulders.

Ha ha.

And you know I find that funny.

I find that funny.

So I think I'm a lot of healing.

I feel very spiritually good and I would love to do the show as well your show.

I'm not sure about that but uh Gillian.

Love to have you back.

Thank you.

And uh we will see you next week.

Thanks so much.

Bye bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Don't come.

The world's dead.
