You know him from the dictator, you know her from community , as well as another interesting guest, Saul Goodman, who's a lawyer apparently, he'll be joining us here.

All of that and more on today's...

♪♪♪ Why do today what will almost assuredly be seen as inc onsequential when history looks back upon it?

Welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you for that catchphrase submission.

Mark Marcellius, Marcellus probably. Thank you so much for that. Why do today what will almost assuredly be seen as inconsequential when history looks back upon it? Wise words.

This is still the catchphrase. This is still today's catch phrase, right?

Yeah, you have everything that I've said. I haven't broken yet.

And your part was scripted. Yes, from... who was his name again?

Marcellus Wallace.

Wynton Marcellus.

Wynton Marcellus, yes. Trumpet player.

It's Marcellus Wallace from Pulp Fiction.

This is all by the way, still part of the scripted.

Wynton Marcellus Wallace, yeah. That should be a fun of your dive, dude. Come on, fun of your dive. What are you doing?

Wynton Marcellus Wallace. What is wrong with you?

Using it.

Get Wynton Marcellus and Ving Rames together.

This is a home run.

Body switching.

Let's stop this podcast right now and go and make it.

I'll play Ving Rames.

I'll play... I'll play Ving Rames.

I called it. I'm pretty much called it, so...

Screw you. Nobody likes you. I'm angry.

That's not true, so it's fine.

And the catchphrase is over right there.

Phew. That was...

I was never helpful.

I've never had to learn lines for that.

You did learn lines, too, bud.

I was off-book.

No, we both... I mean, I said, Jason, why are you off-book?

And I was like...

This is an audio podcast.

Yeah, because my instrument needs to be prepared.

I need to be off-book because I need to be able to inhabit the character.

I've fully phoned it in.

You did. In fact, you're on the phone right now.

Yeah. I'm just calling it in.

Let me... Let me...

Yes.

Only two of us have stopped the catchphrase.

One of us is still saying her lines from the catchphrase.

Yes.

Yeah. Which of us is a her, first of all?

Okay. Let me set the scene.

All right. First of all, my name is Scott Ocherman.

I'm your intrepid host.

Welcome to the show.

It is a great week.

We're going to talk about it, but I have two fantastic guests whom you have heard from already in the show.

We have bonus talking before I even introduce them.

What?

Yeah.

This is a goddamn extra.

What?

Right. This is going to cost more.

Yes.

This is a pay service, right?

First of all, the gentleman's voice.

He's got a low husky tone to him.

Oh, yeah.

The tambour of his voice is...

I love where they're the Jeffrey Tambor of my voice.

He sounds like Jeffrey Tambor.

Exactly. Hey, now.

He looks like an opposite Jeffrey Tambor.

I have all of the hair that he is missing.

You know him. First of all, let's talk about it.

You know him as...

Ravi.

Ravi from the league.

From the league.

Ravi is our friend.

But there is a Ravi on Best Friends Forever.

Yes, there is.

So that's why it's so confusing.

Oh my god.

Best Friends Forever.

We have a mutual friend whom we work with named Ravi.

And I play a character named Ravi.

Ravi. So Ravi on the league.

Yes.

He has a podcast here on the very same year Wolf network, which we are on called How did this get made?

Yes.

Do it with Paul Sheer and Mizz, June, Raphael.

Correct.

Now, guess what?

What else?

Well, Justice last weekend...

This comes out on Monday, by the way.

Oh boy.

Yeah.

Just this past weekend.

Let's even say last Wednesday.

Last Wednesday.

Yeah.

Well.

He is above the title.

Oh shit.

In the dictator.

Holy cuss.

Sasha Baron Cohen's the dictator.

Please welcome Jason Manczukas is here.

Thank you.

Oh my god.

I play collab.

I've never been here and had a polite collab.

I feel very uncomfortable.

You've had very impolite collab.

Very impolite collab.

Very rude collab.

Never been here with me before.

Rude sarcastic.

Very um...

What do you get when I'm here?

Engineer Dustin, just rude Claire Cyrus.

Rude clapping me.

No, engineer Cody's here now.

He doesn't do that.

He gets it done.

Polite claps a love coat.

I did it.

Can I not get some kind of...

Awesome.

I kind of started the polite clap.

It wasn't really Cody.

I don't know.

Cody really took...

Cody really ran with it.

I kind of think.

Whatever you might have started Cody like...

He first met to his own.

Really.

Since you're...

Cody impressive work.

Looking to Jason's left immediately in front of me at 12 o' clock.

Yes.

You know her from...

I first came to know your work from Madman.

Oh, I'd love that pronunciation.

I think you'd have an explanation there.

No, I think it's correct.

The Mad Men.

I think I would know.

Mad Men.

Starring friend of the show, John Hamm.

Then you instantly skyrocketed to fame from there.

Yep, pretty much.

That's...

Stratosphere!

This is a capillates my career.

Yeah.

You had to build a new roof.

Because you went right through it.

Yeah.

And then you went to community, which since, by the way, since we had Gilling Jacobs on last week.

Yes, I heard.

We'll talk about that.

There's another girl on community.

Whoa.

No.

I only see one girl on community.

Hey.

And that is you.

I mean, thanks.

But look, I feel like now I got to stick up for my girls on community.

No, there's a bunch of other girls.

Hey, there's a bunch of them, okay.

At least two.

Oh boy.

I still haven't said your name.

And also in...

It's like an mystery guest.

Also in what to expect when you're expecting?

I don't know.

Are you in that?

Oh, geez.

No.

Five-year engagement.

Thank you.

Seamstealer in five-year engagement.

I saw him steal the movie.

You impressed?

Hey, I didn't say it.

What about post-sales?

Can I deny it?

I'm saying it.

I'll take it.

Post-salesing all this.

Where is it?

He's literally, yeah.

Literally, where is Brian right now?

Seriously.

He's right.

He's in my place.

He's just hanging.

He's napping.

I believe that.

By the way, if he is somewhere, I would genuinely believe he's napping.

We shared an office on Mr. Show.

I know exactly what is happening.

Probably.

But Alison Brie is here.

Thank you so much.

First-time appearance.

Yes.

Yes, it's my first time.

Thank you, Cody, for that amazing clap.

Only- I clap for the clap.

Only Cody.

I give you a sarcastic clap.

For the clap.

I don't clap for anyone.

Thank you.

I don't clap.

I don't do high fives.

Let's give people a clap now.

Oh, gosh.

Scott, can I tell you that I dreamt about coming on this podcast last night?

Wow.

But in my dream, the podcast took place on two twin beds.

And you were in one bed, and I was in the other bed.

And then there was a weird guy, say maybe Cody, like at a desk next to us.

And it just got progressively weirder.

As you kept trying to convince me that it was just like a fun sleepover.

It's just a fun thing that we do.

This is a guy.

Oh, my gosh.

Really?

That's it?

I feel like that's a Rock Hudson Doris Day movie.

You know, like they're sleeping in twin bed.

It's like Lucy Alolte.

Like pillow talk kind of like- But there was something a little molesti about it eventually.

Wait a minute.

Now we've never- We've never- We've been agreeing you.

What's going on?

Like I'm molesti.

No.

Well- What do you mean wow no?

Wow.

I'm- I'm- All I say is molesti.

You have to jump right to the fingering.

It's okay if I bring up molesting, but fingering, that is too far.

Why is it molesti?

Like, you know, with a Y or an IE?

Yeah, an I and G is just rude, Jason.

Yeah.

You know what guys?

You know.

So did it get fingery in your dream?

I don't think you fingered me.

I just think that we were like rolling around on like- Next thing I know- I just kept getting more and more relaxed.

Like you were like- Oh gosh.

Lulling me into this thing.

Yeah, it was borderline sex dream, but then wasn't a sex dream.

And then we were like- I'm turning red here.

You and I have never met before.

I know.

And it- And you looked a little different in my dream.

Okay, yeah, I can imagine.

Yeah.

Okay, can I ask a question?

In what way different though?

In the dream.

Did he look like me?

Yes.

But wait, in what way did I look different?

Because I want to know how I'm appearing in people's dreams .

Well, I mean, the weird thing is not that different.

I'm just staring at you now, trying to imagine how different you looked.

You look kind of just like- I'm at 12 to you as well.

Yeah, which I also want you to know, I'm really bad at doing that number- Clocks?

The clock thing.

Yeah.

I'm really bad at it.

Well, you know, who has- Who has need for that anymore?

In today's society- Yeah, I'm still trying to use it.

With iPads, iPods?

Is this really what we're talking about?

The decline of a watch industry due to the progressive- Progressive cultural infestation.

Did you say as you go?

I came to talk about hard hitting issues today.

Watches.

Now since- Okay, so since last week, I had Gilean on last week, and this was right before the announcement.

Community is back.

Yes.

Congratulations or congratulations.

Thanks.

It is June.

Um, it could be either.

I don't know.

Well, it's a college show, so presuming that everybody will graduate at the end of the final season.

It's true.

And we're not sure if this is officially the final season, but- You could go on.

The heart may go on.

We could.

They have moved us to Fridays at 8.30.

Fridays at- Fridays at- Fridays at- Last stop before- I think Saturdays- Saturdays- I don't want to say it.

Saturdays are worse.

Fridays is kind of like- They have moved us to Saturday mornings at- In your cartoon now.

8 a.m.

But I think we still got a shot.

I think Fridays are a great- Honestly, I think Fridays are okay for you.

You know- Because you'll do really well there.

All of the fans who are going to watch are going to watch on Fridays anyways.

Yeah, I feel like our fan- We have such a strong fan base.

Our fans are so awesome.

I'm hoping that they'll- I mean, they're just going to continue to watch it on Hulu.

Probably anyway.

Yeah, it's- I feel like that show benefits from the internet in a way that probably most others don't as much.

Wow, are you a professor?

I just bored myself- Are you a scientist?

I just got so bored with myself.

Oh god.

But so I didn't get a chance to congratulate Gillian, but the one thing that everyone wants to know about since she was on the program- I don't know if you- I don't know if you heard about this, but there was controversy.

Controversy?

Who?

Controversy.

As they say in England.

Controversy?

Regarding whom?

Regarding her.

Totally her.

Oh, yeah, I did hear about that.

Regarding her and I's relationship, and when I say relationship, I mean- The herpes.

Oh, were you not- Yeah, we didn't cover that.

Oh, spoiler alert.

Yeah.

That's an enough coming episode of the show.

We'll talk about the herpes.

No, our relationship meaning friends, meaning our words with friends games- Okay.

Which she abandoned- Okay.

Uh, very rudely, I have to say.

What do you mean?

She abandoned- She- Just like you, by the way, you resigned today.

Okay, no.

I now have an announcement.

Okay.

All of my words with friends friends that I was playing with.

Okay.

Because I have been out on the press tour for the dictator, open last Wednesday- Open last Wednesday in theaters now.

How's the BO?

Is it Bafo?

It's a Bafo- Bafo-BO guys.

Okay.

Bafo-BO.

What words with friends does, if you don't play a move in a specific amount of time, it automatically resigns you, which I did not know.

That's true.

We had a great game going on.

So I had five games just get resigned.

Okay.

Which I had no understanding was going to happen.

Now, I understand that, but let me recap what happened with Gillian here.

Gillian, she was on my TV show.

We got to talking about words with friends.

We started a game.

We had a very nice game.

She won.

Okay.

And then I said- Did you let her win?

Because she's a girl?

I did not.

No.

Gillian is very smart.

She's not to be underestimated.

We were quite- It was very close, much like Jason, you and I trade back and forth.

We do.

You were one of the people that I lose to frequently.

But one of the very few people I lose to.

I lose to you as well.

Yes, that's true.

I have a- I seem like a good match then.

I have a tight group of like five people that I'm close with.

All right.

Okay.

I mean, we could say we're best friends.

In scores.

We're best words with friends.

But, okay.

So, I said, and I gave her an out.

I said, okay, after the first game, I said, do you still want to continue playing?

Did you enjoy it?

How did you say that to her?

Did you send it to her over via message on words with friends?

Yes.

That's the only way I communicated anymore.

No emails.

Just words with friends.

Words with friends.

Messages.

It doesn't leave a trail.

Right.

Smart.

By the way, that you know that is a warning sign.

That knowledge alone is a red flag for your wife.

No, I just got- No, no, no, no.

It's okay.

Call up.

She doesn't listen to this anyway.

No, but I got to- What do you mean it?

I got to think about- You can't check the history of that.

I had no idea.

I got to think about that.

That is the perfect way to communicate with people if you're having an affair.

Of course.

In any case.

So- Or you could just use Ashley Madison.

But it's very unsexy for an affair, don't you think?

You can't send pictures.

Check my words with friends with friends with- Hey, I sent you it.

You can't send pictures?

I sent your words with friends with friends with- But how would you even tell them that you sent them a words of friends with- You wouldn't.

No, you can't send pictures on it.

I don't think.

They should get on that.

We should do that.

Big data.

Then it's just going to be cock shots during like- That's true.

James' 12-year-olds.

I played the word ponchy and so now I'm going to send you a cock shot.

By the way, cock shot?

Not a word.

No, I'm sure it's not.

So, okay, so I gave her an out.

I sent her a message.

Kweef.

Also not a word.

Kweef.

Q-U-E-E-F.

I am very fond of- Is that the correct spelling of Kweef?

How would you spell it?

Q-U-I-F.

Would you spell it?

Kweef.

Maybe you would spell like chief.

Q-U-I-E-F.

Oh, maybe.

I could maybe- I mean, I'm sure it wouldn't be accepted either, but I would take that spelling as well.

I'm very fond of the trying out words like that.

Kweef.

And taking a screenshot of it.

And then posting that on Instagram.

It's a modern society.

I pause.

I pads.

I don't know anymore, guys.

You're fired.

All right.

So, I gave her an out.

I said, look, you know, I guilted you into this game.

I'm so glad we're still telling you.

Oh, god, the story is endless.

I know, I told it last week.

It's not about either of us.

I told it last week in real time.

People heard- This is self-indulgent.

And it's worse.

To know what happens instead.

I have- I- William said, get the word out.

People in the queue are going to look at the episodes.

They're going to see Gillian Jacobs' episode with whoever she's on.

They're going to see Alice and Bree and Jason Mizzou, because they're going to skip that one and only listen to this one.

And be like snooze.

Yeah.

Well, then they lose.

All right.

I didn't totally follow that actually.

I fell asleep a little bit while I were saying it.

Guys, I am like a borer today.

You are.

I mean, between the two of you, I am not having fun.

All right.

Let me pass forward then.

Tim, Tim, Tim.

Awful.

Anyway, what happened was- No, I was kidding.

I'm having a blast, just- She abandoned her games very rudely.

Okay.

After I sent her one of those reminder messages to play.

Just resigned.

Like immediately I sent her two reminder messages.

You're not just sure.

I nudged her because I thought- Because it was a new feature.

I thought it'd be funny.

I tested it out.

I nudged her to play within seconds resigned.

But she says it was an accident.

I say that I bugged her and- She is annoyed.

Immediately her social anxiety started to flare up.

She started to get very, very embarrassed.

You know, if she was unable to make a move right away, then maybe she was helping you out.

No, by just quickly resigning, she was like, wow, this guy's really eager.

He wants a move.

Maybe you're coming out too strong.

I don't have time to make a move right away.

I'm going to go ahead and just let him down immediately.

Here's the thing.

Okay.

I'm going to just cut straight to the quick here.

I get it.

You're trying to start an affair with killing Jaz.

I tried to play the word.

You tried to- I tried it a while.

You're trying to do it via words with friends.

But you are getting- Now you're trying to- Go for me.

You're getting to clingy.

Yeah.

Exactly.

That's exactly how it felt.

Yeah.

To me.

You got to play cool a little.

You got to play a cool little- So update.

Here's what happened.

Oh, thank God.

I gilted her into starting another game.

Oh boy.

Okay.

She started the game.

Okay.

She beat me again.

Well, naturally.

Then she did exactly what she did the last time.

She started two more games.

Like eager, like, hey, I want two more games.

Two games at the same time?

At the same time.

That's two.

Yeah, that's crazy.

I do that with- You're just rubbing your face in it.

That's a little air again.

I do have- Amyman is fond of the eight games at one time.

Oh, we're just dropping Amyman's name now.

Fine.

Don't worry.

She's not Amyman on Words with Friends.

You won't be able to get- But um- Because I'm just playing with Amyman.

Like, come on!

But uh, she wanted me to tell everyone she's in it.

She's in it to win it.

Gillian or Amyman?

Gillian.

She has a three month commitment with me.

I thought she was going to play for three months.

And then we're going to reevaluate.

Are you keeping- Are you keeping- Is there a way in Words with Friends actually?

I do want to know this.

They keep score of how many games you've played.

Like, how many games you and I have played and who's won how many games you've played?

I wish it did.

I really like- That's a really good idea.

I originally thought it did, because it gives you the last 10 or so that it says, you know, what the record is.

But I want to know, I would love to know, because I think that we're pretty much- Yes, I agree.

Yeah.

And then there are a couple of other people that I would like to know as well.

Oh.

I haven't played Words with Friends in a long time.

We had actually- There was on set drama about Words with Friends, and I stopped playing, because people got- People were getting a little upset about it.

In what way?

Well, I think people thought that people were cheating.

Because when we- Because you were cheating.

Because you were cheating.

Look, cheating, cheating, like tomato tomato.

You know, cheating, that thing that everybody says.

Oh boy.

I don't think- I think you're pronouncing that word wrong.

Which, meaning- Cleave, quiff, quiff.

Oh, I feel so embarrassed that after that sex, I quiffed.

Excuse me?

Have you only read that word?

And if so- In Lady Shatterly's lover?

And if so, how has it spelled it?

Because I need to know.

I don't know.

I think that it just was like late hours on set, and people would be sitting next to each other, and- I myself was not accused of cheating.

But people sitting next to each other would kind of be like , oh, help me.

Look at my letters to- Oh, yeah, yeah.

I mean, I guess that technically is cheating.

But I also kind of think- I would that that slide.

I'd glad it's not.

Right. You're not looking up.

You're not doing like a weird program.

Well, because there is that cheating thing.

Yeah.

Which is different than like, hey, it's late.

Gillian said that she abandoned a game with Donald Glover, which made me feel okay, but I don't know.

I've abandoned all games, and I also would have abandoned all of my draw-something games.

It was a short-lived game- Never drawing.

It was very fleeting.

Not interesting.

I briefly joined.

I've already got it.

It's too much pressure.

Really?

And it's like, every time you start the next round, there's too much to do.

You have to watch them- I guess you don't have to, but I don't like to watch them guess mine.

Then you have to guess theirs.

Then you have to draw a thing for that.

It's like it just is so much to do every time.

I still do- Sounds boring.

I like to scramble with friends.

Scramble with friends I do like.

Scramble.

Now, in this episode of Comedy Bang Bang is being underwritten by Zinga, right?

The makers of these games.

And also Google, of course.

And also Google.

Google, by the way, if you're looking to search for something- If you want to search anything, don't go to Bing.

Nope.

We suggest you don't go to Bing.

Just if you're going to Google something, go to Google.

That's why it's called Google, because you want to Google something already.

What I have taken to saying it, because I do use Google, but I don't like the use of the phrase Google it, because I think Bing it sounds cooler.

So I still say Bing it, but I use Google exclusively.

So if you want to Bing something- Still say, like for years, you've been saying Bing it?

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

Bing is the newer search engine now.

No, but that's why they called it Bing it.

Bing it, because everyone wanted to Bing it.

So if you want to Bing something, just head over to Google.

Google.

Just a big- Big- They are our sponsor, Google.

The best way to Bing something.

All right guys, I do want- Do you guys know each other?

You did know each other.

Yes.

I didn't get a straight answer from you.

Yes, we did know each other.

I think you got a very straightforward answer.

We are best friends.

Yes.

We're holding our hands currently.

So I had something planned to have you guys get to know each other, but- Let's do it anyway.

Let's do it anyway.

Let's test the friendship.

Certainly don't know each other well.

All right, well then- People that are holding hands.

For guests who do not know each other well, what I like to do is play a little game called What Am I Thinking?

Jason.

Do you know this game?

No.

They're going to hate it.

The music is ominous.

I already have my- I'm like already sweating.

Nobody likes it.

Nobody's a fan of this game.

No, we're not holding hands.

We're still holding hands.

No, let's keep holding hands.

It's already coming between us.

Okay, we can switch.

All right, time to play What Am I Thinking.

We all know how this is played.

All right, go.

The way this goes, the way this goes.

Oh boy.

My face just terrified.

I just terrified.

Well, it would have been great.

This is how your dream went.

What would have been great is if you just went, okay, three, two, one, and then just started.

All right, this game, what you're going to do is each separately think of a word or a thing or a person, Roger Rabbit is an example of a thing that it's not just one word, but it's a thing.

Okay, okay.

You're each going to separately think- You always use Roger Rabbit as an example.

It's my favorite dance.

Every time.

Oh wow.

Oh boy.

Does it have to be more than one word or can it just- No, no, it can't just be one word.

Hills.

Can't elope.

So you're- Can't elope.

You hate it?

That's a good reaction.

Separately going to think of a word.

When I say go, you're going to count down out loud from three down to one, and then after you say one, you're going to say your word.

Simon will say our own word that we were thinking of.

Simultaneously.

All right.

Okay.

I'm already thinking of a word.

Great.

Well, we're halfway there.

So you're each going to say your word.

When you say your words, you're going to then try to think of a word that both of those words has in common.

Okay.

And then you're going to each separately say three, two, one simultaneously, and then say that word that you've thought of.

The word that it has in common.

Yes.

And you're trying to get to the point where we say the same word.

We're like the same word.

Oh, we just keep doing it until we say the same word.

Oh, yeah.

And we'll see how long this lasts.

We've had them last 20 minutes before on the show.

And it is excruciating.

Not pleasant.

I don't think we should hold hands for this.

You don't?

No.

Okay.

I need to like turn and face.

All right, let's do this.

Let's lock it in.

All right.

Let's lock it in.

Allison, do you said- Don't you set me an up skirt?

Oh, I do.

I'm going to now.

Hold on.

I'm just going to- I got to go cross-legged.

Okay.

All right.

By the way- I'm going to do my dress.

I got to sit.

By the way, we need to know who are you playing for?

Who am I playing for?

Who's your charity?

Yep.

Yup.

It's all proceeds go to me.

All proceeds go to me.

You're playing for yourself?

Yeah, I'm playing for myself.

Okay.

You're a president.

That's never happened before.

That has never happened before.

Well, that's the- Nope.

We can't think of- Wow.

Got nothing.

Wow.

That's the brie promise.

Nope.

Jason, what do you got?

I'm playing for the trees today.

The trees.

All right.

The trees analysis.

Oh, and see- No.

The breeze.

The breeze and the trees.

Boo.

You ever thought about that?

The breeze goes through the trees?

It's going to be like- How good?

Boo.

All right, guys.

So you- I'm going to- I'm going to- I was already thinking of.

Okay. Good.

Are you separately locked in?

Yes.

All right.

And we're going to start you off.

I'm going to say with you, here we go.

Ready?

Three.

Two.

One.

Nachos.

Nachos and Brazil.

Interesting.

Two very interesting words.

Okay.

Ready?

Do they have anything in common?

Here we go.

And ready.

Three.

Two.

One.

Spicy.

Hot and spicy.

We're on the right track.

Hot and spicy.

Oh boy.

This may be one of our- Only third word winners here on the show.

But what do we got- What does- Hot and spicy have in common?

What is both hot and spicy?

Oh boy.

Okay.

Hot and spicy.

Here we go.

Three.

Two.

One.

Sex.

Peppers.

Sex and pepper.

Jason.

Hang on.

I'm worried about you.

Hang on.

You know what?

What the other way?

I would have gone with peppers except that you looked at me and said what is hot and spicy?

Yes.

In a way that I was like wait.

No, sex definitely.

And this is part of the problem in dating for- Oh yes, yes.

No, I am.

A horrifyingly single.

All right.

So we have sex peppers.

Sex peppers.

Sex and peppers.

Okay.

You guys can get this.

Okay.

Here we go.

Okay.

Ready.

Three.

Two.

One.

Burn.

Burn and sweat.

Wait.

Oh.

Hey, there's something here.

Sweat.

Burn.

Okay.

Sweat.

Burn.

Sweat.

And here we go.

Ready?

And do you have something else that you walked in?

Here we go.

Ready.

And- Three.

Two.

One.

Exercise.

That's pretty good.

That's good.

That is really good.

Oh my god.

I'm sweating so much.

Speaking of sweat and burn, I'm like having such anxiety.

How many was that?

I think that was five.

Five.

That's pretty good.

That was really good.

And we probably could have gotten peppers.

I feel bad about that.

When I- My genuine apologies.

I really feel like I couldn't go into peppers.

I guess I misled you.

I probably would have went to calories.

No, it's fine.

I would have went to calories probably.

So I would have gotten that wrong.

When calories when you sweat.

And burn.

Yeah, you burn calories when you- No, yeah.

You have to exercise to do it.

But the sweat is the exit.

Oh, you're so bad at your own.

No, no, wait.

It was burn sweat.

Okay.

All right.

That is, of course, how we play What Am I Thinking?

Successful game.

Successful game because it was pretty short.

Yeah, that's how it's meant to be played.

Some of the dumb shit who come in here.

Just like, epically long games.

How long is the longest one that you've played?

I've never played this game.

You've never played this.

So- Congratulations.

I've avoided it, thankfully.

Aww.

All right.

Why don't we take a break, guys?

When we come back, we'll have- We have a very interesting guest coming onto the show.

But when we come back, we'll also have, of course, the Dictators Jason Manzuca's Community's Allison Brie.

We'll be right back with the Comedy Bang Bang.

♪♪ If you be with me, I hold you tight.

Be by your side, all day and all night.

I'm once in the world, that you be my wife.

But if you cheat on me, you may with your life.

You be my wife.

I treat you nice.

We will make life, whenever I lie.

I give you two shoes.

At the set he's in.

They belong just to you.

Since my old wife now then.

Comedy Bang Bang, welcome back.

You shut up.

I'm sorry.

I didn't realize I had no idea.

Right when I talked.

You were wearing cans.

I know.

Put those cans on.

All right.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here with, of course, Allison Brie from Community and the five-year engagement.

Still in theaters.

Yeah.

And Jason Manzukas from the dictator still in theaters.

Yeah.

If it isn't within a week, that's bad news.

Joining us here, we just search you movie stars.

Yeah, we have movie stars on the show.

Nice.

And we also have regular people on the show.

We'll introduce you here.

We have just interesting people on the show.

And we have one of them joining us here.

Your assistant set this up.

Usually I'm contacted by publicists or assistants of some sort.

And your assistants set this up.

And apparently you were a lawyer from, and what state are you from?

You're not from California.

You're...

Kbq.

Albuquerque.

The state of Albuquerque.

New Mexico.

Yeah, I have an office there and I'm branching out, checking out some new territories.

Oh, okay.

Great.

So we'll talk about it.

Came here to LA.

Hollywood.

Movie stars.

Thinking about opening a branch here.

There's a lot of buses with no ads on the side.

I don't know if that's true, but...

Listen, I advertise on park benches and bus stop benches and buses.

And one of the first things I look for is a city where there's a lot of buses.

This is a big bus city.

A huge bus city.

Room for signage.

Yeah.

And this city also has double decker buses.

So I mean, you can pretty get...

I like Vegas too.

Yeah.

But people aren't outside so much.

So you put up all the bus signs you want.

Nobody sees them.

I would think that I'm going to introduce you in a second, but I would think that England would be your target market because they have all those double decker buses.

The double deckers.

It's twice as much advertising.

That's right.

I have to wear a wig if I ever went to court, but I don't go to court.

Oh, okay.

We'll talk about this.

You are the...

I imagine you are the head of Saul Goodman and Associates.

Yes, sir.

And your advertisements are better called Saul.

And you're here with something we've got work to do.com.

Saul Goodman is with us.

Hello, Saul.

Hi, how's it going?

Fantastic.

What do you need?

I...

Well, okay.

This is interesting, but...

Who do you want to sue?

Everybody.

Everybody can sue somebody.

Yeah.

You name Scott, right?

My name is Scott.

Yeah.

What is Archimonde?

Is it Dutch?

German, Polish.

Good.

Come here, there.

Yeah.

Good.

That's excellent.

What would be bad?

Nothing's bad if you're...

Depends on what side of the...

The law you're on?

The law you're sitting.

Right.

Yeah.

But if you're sitting with me, you're on the right side.

All right.

We can work for yourself.

I don't...

Listen, the law is there to make it work for you.

That goes for you guys too.

Make it work for you.

It's a tool.

I like that as a ethos, as a general ethos.

Absolutely.

It's a cudgel.

You can beat other people.

Okay, well, that's the thing you can hurt somebody with, yeah.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Have you ever been cudgel?

Jason?

I mean, consensually.

That's the only way.

The only way to get cudgel.

Make it consensual.

Make sure it's consensual.

And if it's not, I'm going to call you.

Give me a call.

Even if it is.

You can make it.

I've had some non-consensual cudgeling.

I need your help.

I love it.

I jumped right in.

I'd be right there.

Saul, what are...

Now, I don't need any services from you.

Yes, you're under the...

Yes, you do.

Trust me, you do.

Why do you think you're in...

You think you're in a way...

You think you're in a good shape?

Is your back hurting you?

I made that chair.

Who made that chair?

Who made it?

I don't read the name of the manufacturer.

How many hours a day do you sit in that chair?

Usually about two.

He's right in the sense that you look bad.

Yeah.

That is true.

Now hold on.

Who did your hair?

Who put the plugs in?

I don't have...

I mean...

You think they look like plugs?

Now, but go and get some plugs so we can sue somebody.

Okay.

Well, that's what you do.

Basically, you find people to sue or you...

Look, I try to make...

I try to get the lot of work for people.

Okay.

That's it.

I try to get it to work for me.

And for anyone who comes in...

This is...

Let me tell you something.

Yeah.

And this is what I tell everybody who walks in my office.

You're a victim.

Whether you know it or not, you're a victim right now.

Okay.

And somebody should pay somebody.

Huh.

It's all math.

What's your name?

Don't you...

Are you Greek?

Yeah, yeah.

Jason Manzig.

Fantastic.

Yeah, yeah.

I could tell.

How does that lie?

Oh, the Greeks are well entrenched in the law.

Law came through.

Yeah.

And then they know how to work every angle.

Oh yeah.

Love to have a Greek client.

It would be great.

What can I do?

I mean, there's things that I might need done.

You have an hard time getting parts.

You have an hard time getting parts because of the beard.

Of course.

To Hollywood.

Really?

Age isn't beardism.

I love this.

Allison, do you have a hard time getting parts?

I would imagine you wouldn't.

Because of my beard.

Yeah.

Beautiful.

Wow.

She gets parts like crazy.

Thank you.

Salt, you have an amazing...

I'm telling you, you should get a job at a strip club.

You rake in the box.

Thank you.

I promise you.

You'd be in a...

They'd give you whatever spot you wanted.

Oh, well, that's very nice.

Whatever shifts she likes.

I know all the owners.

I've only just met.

I've only...

Admittedly, I've only just met two or three of the club owners in LA.

I've only been here for three nights.

So I don't know everyone here.

But if you're an Albuquerque.

And you want to dance.

Okay.

You just tell me and I'll get you up anywhere.

She's a pretty successful actor.

This is good to...

Pretty successful.

Thank you.

I was thinking that you're a skip club.

A lot of dancers are actually coming from another.

I'm saying that seems like a step backwards.

Thank you.

A lot of dancers are actresses.

So vice versa.

Vice versa?

My options open anyway.

Jason, I'm interested in how you say pretty successful.

Like why add that qualifier to it?

She's a successful actor.

She's a pretty...

Pretty beautiful.

Comma.

A successful actress.

See that?

She's beautiful.

She's gorgeous.

Thank you, Sal.

Can I just say, Sal, that your seratorial style is very interesting.

You're wearing a...

Yeah.

How would you describe your sense of style?

Do you work with a stylist?

Let me tell you, I do.

Maurice Chiu is my tailor.

Maurice Chiu.

Is that C-H-E-U?

He's half French and half Oriental.

Okay, I'm not sure we're using that word anymore.

Perfect mix.

Pretty sure we don't use Oriental anymore.

In scootable.

And may I also say...

Now you're digging yourself in deeper, Sal.

I'm not going to lie to you.

May I also say that...

You never tell what that guy's thinking.

When a guy is half something and half the other thing, they usually don't mix up his name.

So one name.

Of the country and the other name is from the other country .

So this sounds like an interesting guy.

I'm guessing...

I'm guessing mother was French.

Father for the last name was...

Let's just say Asian as that is.

And mother decided to name him after her father.

And the father was like, I must have him have my last name.

Yes.

Naturally.

So we have good old Maurice Chiu.

Maurice Chiu.

Okay, good.

Whatever.

I don't know what he's...

You're not interested in those kind of background details.

All I know is that...

We come from...

You said, amazing Taylor.

And the last time I visited him...

Again, I can't tell...

I can't always tell what he's thinking.

Can you usually tell what everybody else is thinking?

Are you a kind of telepath?

Absolutely.

You just look at their face.

You can tell.

See if their hands are twitching.

But with him, it's difficult.

I went and I went and I had a neon green shirt with a pattern.

I paired with a tropical tie.

Naturally.

And I asked him what he thought of it.

And he said, Mr. Saul.

He calls you by...

He says, Mr.

Mr. Saul.

He gives you a title, but then your first name.

That's the back half of it.

You're making the Yangtze River cry.

And you know what he meant by that?

No.

Nope.

I'll tell you.

A lot of people talk about Italian clothes.

I avoid them.

Okay?

Because for my money, China's got it going on.

Okay.

Because the lack of restrictions, and this is where I'm on Mitt Romney's side, the lack of restrictions, allows them to create some of the most beautiful, colorful, bright dyes.

Admittedly, that kill fish.

Right.

And we'll say, when you came in here and sat down earlier, you did ask for nobody in the room to have a vote.

Hold it. I'm getting a text.

This is from Sherry at McGill and McGill.

She sets me up when she gets new colors in.

A yellow plaid bandlon socks.

Hold on.

Three pair, please.

The text in your back.

That's pretty good.

You love color, huh?

Really love color.

Really?

I'll tell you, I have a...

Let me tell you my philosophy on clothes, okay?

And you can think about this and use it.

All right?

Okay.

If they're looking at your face, then the clothes failed you.

Okay?

With the right tie, my case is one.

See, before I open my mouth, you know how magicians have a technique called misdirection.

Have you looking over here, and while the action over here?

Yeah, I've heard about that.

Well, I do a certain amount of that manipulation myself, right?

The tie is quicker than the eye.

If you know what I mean.

So if they're looking at my lips, they're liable to hear what I'm saying.

And when I bypass the conscious mind.

Bypass the conscious mind.

Yeah.

If I have a meeting with somebody and they really listen to everything I said and they repeat it back to me, they try to hold me to it.

Whatever clothes I was wearing, I throw them in the garbage.

Really?

Okay.

They weren't distracted enough.

Where they would probably come into contact with the open flame and melt.

I burn them.

That's really interesting.

So when you're in a courtroom, then your style is to...

What is a courtroom like?

Have you ever been in one?

Sure.

I've only seen it.

I mean, I had Jerry duty once.

Oh, what's it like?

Uh huh.

I mean, it was pretty interesting.

It was pretty interesting.

Oh, I'd love to be in one one day.

I'd love to see you.

You know what?

I'll be honest with you.

You saw afterwards, we can leave here.

We can go to LA County, Gordon.

I'm sure somebody would give us.

I am a movie star.

I like looking pictures.

If you get a tour, I promise I can help you get into any strip club.

Wow, this offer.

It's...

Yeah, it's still on the table first of all.

Yeah, it is.

Absolutely.

Every time I look at you, I just think, why isn't she wearing less clothing?

Why?

Wow.

Yeah.

And dancing.

Yeah, that seems like this.

You know, making money.

Making money.

Of course, that's what we're all here to do.

Right?

Of course.

Yeah.

Of course.

Just think about it.

Think about it.

Yeah.

And again, any club.

So don't think, oh, I don't want to go on that one.

Yeah, just imagine.

Let me ask a possibility.

Plan B?

It's getting more flattering.

On a separate level.

Do you think I could do the same?

Get you into a strip club?

Like an audience.

Just from...

What's that?

I could get you into the...

Pull the short BIP.

You could come and watch, watch, watch.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Give me two weeks.

Give me two weeks here in LA.

I get you any V...

Into any VIP room.

You need two weeks?

I haven't met ever.

I've only been here three nights.

I've been to three clubs.

Couldn't you get them into one of those three clubs?

It's gonna take you two weeks.

Two of them.

Last night didn't go so well.

Really? What happened?

Yeah, well, one down there.

I threatened to sue.

Oh, I could see that.

I thought that's your whole MO.

Let us hop around.

Keep that in your back pocket.

How to threaten to sue.

You shouldn't pull it out.

First thing when you walk.

I know.

You threatened the bouncer when I entered.

You should not say I pulled it out.

I was gonna say there was some heavy innuendo.

I was getting intense eye contacts.

Shouldn't say I threatened to pull it out when I entered.

Well, you were saying that sentence.

Why is he asking for your ID, by the way?

That's what I said.

Okay, no.

What right do you have?

Yeah.

What are we in?

Communist Russia?

That's true.

All right, well, Saul, you seem like an interesting fellow.

I'm not sure quite what you're doing here.

I don't know why.

Try to expand.

What's in your future?

Can you tell us anything about what's happening?

Again, I think I want to, I'm looking at some places I could open branches outside of Albuquerque.

All right, well, we have some questions here sent to us.

I'm a turkey's great, but it gets a little hot there sometimes.

What happens now?

It's been getting real hot.

What happens out there?

What kind of cases you've been?

Well, like I said, I haven't been to a courtroom ever.

What kind of clients?

A few drawings.

What happens out there in Albuquerque?

What type of people are out there?

Well, a lot of good people.

Good people who've been wronged and mistreated by the law.

Yeah.

Okay.

And people who are...

I hear there's a big drug trade out there.

There's a lot of like...

Not so much.

I wouldn't know about it.

Oh, actually I've heard there's like a substantial methamphetamine business.

Like competitive methamphetamine.

I don't care.

I don't interact with those kinds of people.

Okay.

Oh, well, good.

Well, that's good.

Well, then we can leave that behind.

I represent American citizens.

That's all I know.

Okay.

All right.

Well, passport, I'm on your side.

Now, what if I want to sue...

For not having a passport.

Yeah.

I'm on your side.

Okay, good.

All right.

I have some questions here sent by fans here for Saul, and maybe you can answer some of these.

All right.

Let me look through these.

Okay.

I got one right here.

This is sent from Paul P in Cincinnati at Paul P.

He asks, my wife wants a divorce.

I think that's pronounced my wife.

My wife.

That's right.

By the way, when you were in the dictator, did you say that to Sasha every single day?

Never.

My wife.

My five.

Hi, five.

I would do it every day.

Every day.

That's how we got into character.

We would do Borat for five minutes.

Then we would slip into our own characters.

All right.

Paul P asks, at Paul P asks, my wife wants a divorce.

She is wealthier than me, and I was caught cheating with her hot sister.

Who feels terrible.

I've heard this story.

Who feels terrible and is testifying against me.

Let me read.

All this story and go ahead.

All this.

No, I think the oldest story in the book is Adam and Eve.

Well, this is the second oldest.

Okay.

Can you enable?

Let me reiterate, my wife is much wealthier than me.

Oh, and we have a prenup.

That was my idea.

I regret it.

All right, Paul.

Here's the deal.

Sister is the weak point, right?

Okay, so you think the sister is where he needs to get in there?

The sister that he cheated with.

Okay.

Yeah.

See what happened here is she betrayed her own sister, which is Paul's wife.

And now she's taken advantage of him.

Okay.

The wife.

Right.

Yeah.

Two sisters are working together.

Oh, they're working together.

They're not handling them up.

I see.

Sue, the sister of your wife for sexual harassment.

Okay.

Get a restraining order against her ass.

So she can't come within 500 feet of you.

That's not too hard to do.

Anyone can get a restraining order.

Any one can get it from anyway.

It's very easy.

Okay.

Use the term, then molesti against her.

Get her within 500 feet of you and get a photo of it.

How would you do that?

What do you mean?

Get her within 500 feet of her.

Send her, invite her to meet somebody somewhere, who she knows.

And then she'll be here.

I'll be honest with you though, saw it for a second.

That sounds like entrapment.

Yeah, but don't.

I feel like you need to be.

Don't announce it.

Don't put it in that podcast.

Oh, okay.

Don't leave any email trace, right?

Just communicate via words with friends.

No words.

It's a good plan.

Get her on the wrong side of the law.

That's your leverage.

How would you know if you're within 500 feet of anyone?

Invest in a tape measure.

Okay.

That makes sense.

Okay.

So Paul.

The sense of 500 feet.

That's the first thing you need to do.

Start walking up 500 feet.

She probably won't suspect anything when she walks up and you just have a tape measure just out in front of her on the floor.

The heartbreak.

Try not to be that obvious again.

The heartbreak really would be if you got the picture and then they were able to prove that it was proven that it was like 500 feet.

Yeah.

So that tape measure is integral.

Mr. Maitreaux, don't joke about it.

I've seen it happen.

First, get a very good sense of what 500 feet is or your weight to your toes.

I've heard that's the seventh sense, knowing what 500 feet around you is.

Yeah.

500 feet of summer.

So you got a good case there.

Nope.

Call me.

Shut down.

All right.

Well, that sounds great.

Let me see if we, Jason, do we have one?

Do we have another one here?

Yeah, we have one more.

It's just a white to spin on that.

And I actually feel for this guy now.

If he's really the victim, he's really been putting a bad, bad place.

All right, Jason, here we go.

I was caught driving a tractor trailer with 60 pounds of uncut heroin across the border twice.

They let me go the first time, really?

They let you go the more.

I mean, this is me saying this, but like what?

Does he say what town he's in?

No.

They let it go the first time.

Blue, yeah.

But kept tabs on me as part of a sting operation.

Wow.

Okay, now it makes horse guy.

Yeah, it's okay.

Now the cartel wants me dead.

And the DEA has an airtight case.

I am writing to you from a cave somewhere.

Witness protection.

Only, I don't feel so safe.

Please, I have children and relatives in danger.

All right, okay, wow.

Well, what would you do?

This is a dire situation, Saul.

What would you do in a situation like this?

I mean, it sounds big one.

Yeah.

Have you ever come across anything like this?

I mean, stakes this high?

Yes.

Okay, so you're accustomed to something like this?

No, I'm not accustomed to it.

Okay.

Usually.

I don't know, what do you do?

Situations like this requires you to take action.

I'm going to go with the...

the concussion gambit.

The concussion gambit.

This is the last...

This is the common...

This is the last case gambit.

The last case gambit.

Is that something that you employ off?

Is that something you say in the office quite often?

Oh boy, it's a tough one.

I don't say it a lot.

It's time for a last case gambit.

This is it.

This is the one last...

This is an LCG.

There's a guy in trouble.

Okay, do you mind?

Yeah, I do.

Jason was not a joke.

Sorry.

And some abbreviating, will you?

Sir, do this.

Get your guards in a game of football or Frisbee.

Okay.

There's guards in the witness protection.

Okay.

You need an agent.

How do you get them in too?

They always want to hang out with you.

They're always coming around.

They're in a cave somewhere.

You think there's a footballer or Frisbee?

Turnip phrase.

He's not in a cave.

Right?

He's not in a cave.

That's a house or a trailer.

Got it.

Okay, so buy a Frisbee at some point.

Say, well, I really need some exercise.

Come out with me.

Okay.

Now you get...

You're going to have to run into a tree.

Or a wall.

Shouldn't be too hard to do.

Okay.

Make sure you start with your head.

Use your head, right?

Because if you're running into the tree with your feet.

Now you need to get a certified concussion.

Okay.

I mean...

You really, you can't fake the concussion.

You cannot fake it.

There are not doctors who will give you handicapped blades.

Not with an agent standing there.

Oh, okay.

You're going to get a government doctor.

Okay.

Probably take you to an army facility.

So you need to really do it in other words.

You seriously run into a wall.

That...

It's done.

It's too old.

No, don't.

It's too old.

It's absolutely...

I'm afraid I will.

No, no, no.

It's easy.

It's my head open.

It's easy.

Really?

See, dangerous.

Football players have two, three concussions a game.

They're wearing helmets though.

I don't know.

And they love it.

They love it.

Okay.

The doctor, get the doctor to testify that you've been conc ussed.

If you get that on a piece of paper, you're home free.

Okay.

Nothing you say after that is admissible.

You're all your memories are suspect.

And you're out of this cage match.

A-sack.

Aww.

The cartel?

That's another story.

What do you do for that?

Have you gone up against a cartel at all?

Is that something you yourself have known?

I don't go up against them.

They win.

They always win.

In the equation, you're saying the cartel's always win.

The cartel always wins.

Interesting.

Okay.

Well, that's interesting.

Like the house in Vegas.

That's right.

Interesting.

You're last to use Gamba to get you out of that one.

Yeah, and Elsie G.

And Elsie G.

And Elsie G to get you out of that one.

All right.

Well, that's interesting.

Sol.

That's a...

It's a new...

Free legal advice.

I don't usually give it.

Free legal advice.

And the word free makes me break on the hives.

Yeah.

All right.

Sol Goodman and Associates.

And you have something called We've got Work2Do.com.

I don't know what that is.

We've got Work2Do.com.

Check it out.

Okay.

Better call Sol.

Thank you so much, Sol.

It's been so interesting to be here.

Lovely to meet you.

Are you sticking around?

Are you sticking around or do you have somewhere to go?

A pleasure.

I do.

I have to actually shake hands.

I have another club to visit.

Okay.

Oh, wow.

This is Girls Name Again.

Alice and Bree from Community Man.

Miss Bree?

Yes.

You're beautiful.

Thank you.

All right.

Please.

Let's take another break.

Sol, thank you so much.

And we come back.

We'll have more Alice and Bree.

We'll have more Jason Mazzucius.

We are coming right back.

Comedy Bang Bang.

Listen up, world, to what I got to say.

America's number one and we're here to stay.

Top of the aisle, I got damn home dinger.

Blue ribbon gold cup.

Giant foam finger.

Number one.

Hell yeah, we're number one.

Better the Greece, London, Italy, or France.

All the mother countries are like cooping our pants.

Blow it down.

America, America.

God made you gracefully.

And all them other countries just wish that they could be ye, for gold and eagle claws of our mountains wide with snow.

The great Grand Canyon calls out, look out below.

The people got the vote and cars and lots of stuff.

And if you try to take our stuff, we'll kick you in the dove.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

Boy, what an interesting fellow, huh?

I mean, I liked Saul.

I mean, other than he was giving me some pervy eyes, but now that was- Same eyes Jason's been giving you, I have to say.

How dare you?

I called those molesti eyes.

Mm-hm, yep.

The reminiscent of my dream last night.

Now I understand it.

I'm pretty prescient.

Uh, prescient.

No, I think we all have a different view on how that's- I think that's a word we've all only read.

I know.

I'm the worst of that.

Guys, are you ever going to work together with two of you?

Let's get a good question.

Yeah, that is a good question.

Let's get a movie starring the two of you.

Oh, I love this.

I'm in.

romcom, drama, calm.

I like this.

Drama, what's a dramatic comedy?

Mm-hm.

I always just call those drama- Dramas that are sort of- Oh, dramaties.

Thrillomaties, arachnophobia.

Thromcom.

Throm- Thromcom.

Thromcom.

Romantic comedy.

Okay, I love this.

Okay, the thriller element is- romcom.

One of us is a murderer.

Okay.

This sounds like so I married an ex murderer.

Okay.

Maybe that was the original- That was the original romcom.

The word murderer in it.

And in married?

We've said one sentence about it.

He doesn't say that we were married.

What did this- What do you mean you jumped from- It says the original thromcom is so I married an ex murderer because it's got the romantic married- I think you kind of- Ex murderer, thrilling.

You just jumped into it.

Comedy, Mike Myers.

I wonder why you associate romance with marriage.

Yeah.

That's right.

Yeah.

You know what?

Especially for somebody who- who is actively soliciting an affair on words with friends.

Yeah.

The untraceable messaging system of words with friends.

Just heads up.

Check yourself.

Check- Okay.

All right.

Before you- I believe the phrase is- I don't need to hear the rest.

I'm glad you said the whole thing.

You know what?

I was not sure where you were going.

I feel like- I feel like we could do like a really good like- like- Let's improvise a movie here.

What do you say?

All right, let's do it.

Here we go.

Let's see if it's more of a buddy comedy.

Ooh, I like this.

Oh, I like this.

I am from the wrong side of the- The wrong side of the crack- Cracks?

Cracks?

Oh, by the way, it is now that.

She's from the wrong side of the crack.

All right.

That's on the poster.

From the wrong side of the crack magazine.

From the wrong side of the crack.

And who do you play?

I'm the cop that's on her tail, right?

Okay, and who am I in all of this?

Yeah.

Here's the thing.

There's been some recasting.

Well, we need to talk about this.

All right.

I'm the guy behind the guy at this point.

We're going a different direction.

It's just we're going.

We wanted to just go with a different- Jason, come on, man.

You know, you're used to being the guy behind the main guy.

I want to be that guy now.

I want to be your guy.

I think we need more of an everyman.

My wife.

I'm getting a character.

Come on.

Actually, that isn't bad.

You got the job.

Okay.

All right.

Let's set the scene here.

You're at the precinct.

Okay.

And- Is this where we first meet?

Yes.

Great.

Let's do that.

You first meet and I'm your police chief.

And right.

But your best friend who you rely on and shoulder to cry on .

Wait, are we both cops?

I thought that I- I thought this was- You're from the wrong side of the crack.

Right.

But you're a cop who- Oh, she also had a cop.

Oh, so were partners?

Oh, I thought she was going to be a suspect.

I thought we were doing an interrogation.

Okay.

Let's do that too.

She's a cop- We could do- We could do buddy- Buddy cop movie though.

Buddy cop movie with you as the- Yeah, that's pretty good.

As the- Well, what if I start out as the villain, but then you- You know, I get you on my side and we have to go out together to investigate.

You're in IA.

Like you're trying to arrest me.

You're internal affairs.

All right. You're a dirty cop.

You're a dirty cop.

Here we go.

I'm a dirty cop.

Okay.

I like this.

Wait, do we know who you are?

I'm the chief.

I'm your best friend.

I'm the guy who gives you a lot of moral support.

Do you know that I'm dirty?

Yeah, I'm investigating you.

Oh, you're investigating me.

You're a- By the way, improv- I'm internal affairs.

Improv usually doesn't give this much background.

No, before we- You guys are really trying to figure it all out.

Well, I just- I want to know what the- I just- Do I still talk to my parents?

By the way, we don't need any of this.

Do I- We could throw all of this- Resoli aisles.

Get in here.

Resoli aisles.

Let's do episode three.

It's so good.

Resoli.

Hey, Resoli.

Are you Greek?

You're Greek, aren't you Resoli?

No, that's aisles.

Oh, okay.

Hey, aisles.

Oh, good.

Get in here.

This is terrible.

All right.

Hey, Resoli.

Are we really doing Resoli on episode of Resoli and aisles?

No, those are the first names I came up with.

No, we're doing a spin-off film.

It just so happens that we have the- Our characters have the same names.

Okay.

Because Angie Harmon and the other women were not available, so we've been cast- Yes, Resoli and aisles.

We've been cast in the spin-off film- Okay, come on, Resoli.

It's a separate premise.

All right, all right.

Stop taking you sweet time.

Sorry.

Oh my god.

We're on the clock here.

All right, listen to me.

Who me?

Aisles is dirty.

I know she's dirty.

She's double dealing.

How do you feel about that?

I got- Bull Pucky.

I'm going to be only- I'm going to be only- I've got three dead cops in the morgue who were sent on a mission by you.

Resoli, I don't need you on my case right now, all right?

I got a lot on my plate.

Yeah, that's right.

She does.

She was telling me about this all night on the phone.

Wait a second.

Chief.

Chief- We're best friends.

We're best friends.

I'm her- I'm her support system.

Chief, what about your wife, Coolup?

Why are you talking to aisles on the phone so much?

No.

What about your wife, Chief?

Come on, Resoli.

Why are you breaking my balls like this?

Right in front of her.

Why do you got to be such a cockblock?

Well- Besides, we're just friends.

Chief, I have no idea.

We're friends like you and I are friends.

Resoli.

He's been sending me messages on words with friends.

I didn't want to have to say it, Resoli.

Come on, guys.

I thought we had a better relationship.

Chief, it isn't so.

Listen to me.

It is so.

You two are in bed together, both figuratively and literally.

That means this whole operation is dirty.

Filthy dirty.

Resoli.

As soon as I hung up with her- Hey.

I called you.

When you're looking at me, I know you're talking to me.

You don't need to begin every sentence with my character.

Mr. Resoli.

I mean you said- Mr. Resoli.

I- I- as soon as I hung up with her, I called you up.

And I- I chatted with you for four or five hours.

So if anyone's dirty, it's you.

Look, Resoli.

I was here.

I was trying to get through- Who's talking?

Who's talking?

Resoli.

It's me, I was standing in front of you.

I was- It's you.

I was trying to- I got a lot of nerve-talking to me like that.

It's you I was trying to get through to last night, but my calls were intercepted.

We got to talk about this alone.

Look, Resoli.

Yeah, like- Resoli and I was- You're not going anywhere.

This is the Chief Queef here.

All right?

This is Chief Queef.

Really?

Yes, really.

Hang on, I'm coming out of character.

No, no, no.

Do you stay right in character?

I did.

To call yourself Chief Queef.

I may have.

Very, very- You get back in character, young man.

Very please.

Resoli, I am ordering you back in character.

Very pleased with yourself on that one.

All right.

Resoli.

I need- I need a minute with my partner.

You don't get a minute because- Yes, I am dirty.

Oh, finger guns?

Yeah, I pulled out the finger guns.

Finger guns?

You heard about him a few weeks back.

Oh my god, I hate it when he shapes his fingers.

Like guns.

It terrifies me.

The fact that you're even using finger guns right now is terrible.

Shame on you.

This is why we tried to recast.

It doesn't matter.

Come on.

Chief Queef.

Resoli, I also- I just want to be your best friend.

Otherwise, I have to kill you.

You need to know for all rewrite on this.

We really do.

By the way, I'm an alien with superpowers.

Is this who found a buried treasure?

Wait a minute.

Okay.

I'm interested in the buried treasure.

Okay.

Now that I hope- Now we're going somewhere.

All right.

So- But those finger guns away.

All right, I'm putting them back in the finger holsters.

All right, so come with me.

Boy.

Just walk right through the door.

Cudgels.

Ah!

Resoli, no!

Call my lawyers all good men.

Niles, where are we falling?

I don't know.

I didn't know there was a huge chasm here.

Yeah, we're on the second floor.

Guys, we've fallen into the negative zone.

Oh, I've heard about this place.

Yeah.

The backwards image, Earth.

Oh, I felt so much further than you guys.

I think it's because my body's just lighter.

Yeah.

I thought this came- It's gonna be longer to fall.

I heard you have hollow bones like a bird.

I do, but please don't discuss my medical conditions in front of Chief Queef.

Did I fall after you?

Chief Queef.

I'm confused.

I don't know if you fell at all.

We both made falling sounds.

Yeah, I didn't know that.

Rather than match that, you decided to keep talking about what you were talking about.

Chief Queef, did you teleport here?

Because you're an alien?

I did, of course.

I used my buried treasure- It wasn't because I'm an alien.

I used my buried treasure to buy a teleportation device.

Wait, Sir, I found the buried treasure in you.

Have we exhausted the buried treasure?

Yeah, I hired the scientists to make- I'm sorry, we're following you.

Horrible.

Anyway, guys, come right here.

Here it is.

Bing.

Whoa, you googled it.

And scene.

Wow.

You're welcome.

Good.

Really?

Well done.

Okay, listeners, just type that up and shoot your own version of it in your house and send it in.

Yeah, and shoot yourself.

And shoot yourself with a gun.

I would like it if someone scripted and performed that with their friends and sent us the videos.

What was the last thing we were talking about if people were to- Oh, it was Ramble vs. Rocky.

Okay.

Remember, so we're talking about- You know what?

Why don't you talk about some other show?

We're still here, buddy.

Yeah.

By the way, Finger Guns, great show.

Go back and check that one out.

Next week on Finger Guns.

Here we go.

It is now time for one of our favorite features here on the show.

It is time to play Wood You Rather.

Yeah.

No talking.

Alright, it's time to play.

Wood You Rather.

I'm afraid I'm going to have to doggy points for talking during the Wood You Rather theme song.

So you're starting.

I feel like when somebody talks, we're supposed to start it over.

Oh, we might.

Yeah.

I'm going to put that rule into place next time we play.

So you got a negative three plus a negative three for you 're a woman.

You're starting a negative six.

Alright, so- I mean- Sorry, those are the rules.

I mean, for being a woman, I understand.

I think you actually wrote negative six.

I got to keep track of this.

Yeah.

Alright, so we all know how this is played.

People send me Wood You Rather scenarios at our Twitter, which is at CBBWR, Comedy Bang Bang, would you rather?

If you have a Wood You Rather scenario, send it over there to our Twitter, and I'll read them out loud.

I will then open the floor for questions.

You can ask me any question about either of the scenarios in order to get more information to help narrow down your choice.

So we don't have to like quick fire.

No, no, no.

In fact- In fact, that would be a huge mistake.

If you vote early, that is a classic Wood You Rather bl under voting early.

Gosh, I'm really- So many people.

Yes, I believe Gillian did that last week.

Oh boy.

So don't be a Gillian.

Okay.

Be an all-a- Let's start that.

Let's start.

Don't be a Gillian.

Finish your words with friends, Gillian.

Yeah.

Um, so I'm going to read the question.

Now I want to play her.

I want to play you too.

I want to play everybody.

I'm not playing anymore.

Really?

Yep, she gave it up.

I've got to do retirement.

So here we go.

I'm going to read the question, and then I will close the floor for questions.

Please.

And then we will vote, and then I will assign the points.

Here we go.

This is sent to us by Steph Cook at- I can't pronounce that.

Steph Cook.

Wow.

Is it just- She's from just eight essence?

It's- St-st- Steph Cook.

Okay, I can't pronounce it.

She asks, Would you rather be best friends with your biggest enemy or have pickles for legs?

Would you rather be best friends with your biggest enemy or have pickles for legs?

I'm now opening the floor for questions.

I have a question.

Riddle me this.

I want to see where- She started talking first, and she said, I mean riddle me this, which is classier than what you suggest.

No, no, I want to see where this is going.

All right, here we go.

If you become best friends with your worst enemy, are they really still your worst enemy?

Now your best friend is- Interesting.

You're saying that there's a paradox here.

There is a paradox.

So the minute that your worst enemy- For instance, who's your worst enemy right now?

You know what, I want to get into it.

Oh, let's obliquely talk about who is- You know, we don't have to mention names.

Look, I have a thing with Elmo from Sesame Street.

Whoa.

I did an Elmo thing in the movie, and ever since he's been a total dick.

Okay.

I think we're in a big fight.

We used to be friends.

Now we're not anymore.

Now I would say we're worst enemies.

We used to be friends.

Dandy Warhols worked out for them.

No, in fact, it did it, actually.

Terrible example.

Just watch that movie.

It's a sore subject.

So you're saying if you become best friends then, then you'll have a different worst enemy- The worst enemy.

Which then you'll constantly be flip-flopping.

But here's what happens.

Is you become best friends with your worst enemy.

Immediately all of a sudden you have a new worst enemy.

Okay.

That person moves to your best friend list.

But meanwhile, you've learned so much about your- Former worst enemy- You've not interrupted me.

I'm sorry.

Negative another three.

You're at negative.

You're saying this is a perpetual cycle that like you would - Perpetual cycle.

It does always have to be friends with your worst enemy.

Why do you keep making worst enemies all the time?

But because- But because you- Because you're making friends out of your enemy.

Yes.

I think it would be worse- And believe me, I don't know.

But I think it would be worse to have to be best friends with someone who is always working against you as an enemy.

Is this just conjecture for you now?

Or are you asking a question, Jason?

My question is, are the pickles the size of regular pickles , or are they the size of human legs?

Great question.

That is a good question.

They are the size of really fat human legs.

So- Okay, so I might have my- 400 pound- I might have my same upper body.

Yeah.

But I have an obese person's legs that are also- That are also pickles.

Pickled cucumbers.

Do you have feet?

Are they connected to your feet?

Or are you just like- Have to balance on the stumps?

Great question.

Those are little cinder blocks.

You have little cinder blocks.

Little.

Hey, wait, is that now LIL apostrophe cinder blocks?

L-I apostrophe L is how I prefer it.

Little, little cinder blocks.

Little cinder blocks.

So I've got pickles for legs, and then little cinder blocks for feet.

Are the little cinder blocks also- Do they have a career as rap artists?

Oh, of course.

Yeah.

That's a plus for you.

So they make money.

So you're kind of famous.

On the side.

Well, your cinder blocks also- Now, I'm going to guess- The cinder blocks never talk about you and me.

You're not famous.

Okay, okay.

Because you kind of like- You kind of like it that way, because you like to remain anonymous.

Because you're a guy with incredibly obese- I'm a guy.

You're a guy.

You're a guy now.

So if in the scenario- When I say a guy, I just mean a person.

Okay.

Oh.

And you're also a male person.

Okay.

So I have a question.

Yes.

If Alison chooses pickle legs- Mm-hmm.

Then I have to be a man.

Yes.

Of course.

If I choose- If I choose cinder- pickle legs, I'm me with pickle legs.

It's not all the same character we come- Why would you want this to be you?

Wouldn't you want a totally new personality in a new life?

A guy with- What thing is your- Like you want- You want to be Jason Manzougas the actor who all of a sudden it's revealed in TMZ or Star Magazine that you have pickle legs?

Boom, boom, boom.

We caught Jason Manzougas outside of karma.

It's pickle for legs.

Little cinder blocks us with him.

His rap and feet.

Uh, hey, so I'm playing the surfer guy.

Okay.

Uh, yeah, we got Jason.

It's pretty hilarious though.

He's got like these incredible pickle legs.

Um, I took a bite out of one.

Delicious, man.

What are you talking about?

Those legs are preposterous.

Who's that?

I'm the kind of overweight guy with a beard.

Are you just talking about yourself right now?

Huh?

Oh God.

Guys.

I've gotten very fat.

Since the movie- If you see the movie, you'll see a thin Jason.

So skinny.

Um, let me ask you this.

Okay.

I have a question.

Yes.

The floor recognizes Jason Manzougas.

Okay.

Will my pickle legs rot like out in the environment?

Like do they- Are they just- Are they perpetually pickle legs?

Or do they rot like as a pickle left out?

Yeah.

Do you have a rinsom in like salt water or rinds?

Yes.

Do you have to- Yes. Do you have to- Every night?

Exactly.

Do you have to sleep at a brine?

Like splash.

Do you have to- You know, are you- Are you Daryl Hannah's?

I love this.

I love where you're going with this.

You do have to sleep in a brine.

Love that.

Okay.

They do rot but they rot at a slower pace than normal pick les.

So they take about 70 years to fully rot.

Okay.

So by the time you're 60, they're getting- Comfortable.

...purity ripe.

Pretty rancid.

Yeah.

You've got- You've got- You've got rancid pickle legs.

And on your 70th birthday- Yep.

You know this is coming by the way.

Yep.

So there's a big celebration, but the minute that you walk into the room of your 70th birthday and people yell surprise, your pickle legs disintegrate.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Wow.

But you're prepared for that.

Okay.

Yeah.

And on the other side of the equation, you're constantly getting to know your worst enemy who's conspiring against you, but when they become your best friend, you relate to them.

They are not your enemy anymore.

So the person who was second worst enemy now becomes your best friend.

And it's constantly- You're constantly- There's a lot of turnover is what I'm trying to say.

You're never quite able to put down roots with a best friend.

I have a question.

Sure.

Then- But rather than that happening, is it not a case where it's sort of like your best friends with your worst enemy, you think you guys are best friends?

Like they're your best friend, but you're not really their best friend.

They're still- Oh, it's like the one side of- Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.

Yeah.

Like in your mind, they're your best friends.

That's exactly- You wouldn't need to get a new worst enemy all the time because this person would technically still be- Also, I feel like you're telling me and you're not asking me.

That's another- Another three points.

I'm sorry, negative 12.

This is one during- You're- That's not in the- You know, this is a lot like Jeopardy.

You have to phrase it like a question.

What if my worst enemy is not a person in my world, but is in fact, let's say for example, where he's still alive Osama bin Laden is a- Like truly a threat, a worst enemy.

Now does that mean like- Like almost like magic, bing, Google.

Osama bin Laden arrives and is my best friend.

That's right.

Because this is a show that I'm pitching.

That's right.

He magically arrives.

Okay.

He has enough money.

He found a buried treasure as Osama bin Laden did.

Is it Chief Quiz buried treasure?

Yeah.

And he hired someone to invent a teleportation device.

Oh.

And he magically appears, becomes your best friend.

Yes.

I think- But the minute he does, all of a sudden, your best friends, he's not your best- You're not my worst enemy anymore, so he moves down the list.

So in doing that, I've kind of done America a favor.

Because you found him.

Because- Well, I also have made him not a threat anymore.

Exactly.

And you see his side of the whole thing?

Well, I'd rather not.

Ball, unfortunately, it happens.

Guess what I don't need empathy for Osama bin Laden.

Sorry, but you haven't.

Well, you chose him to be your best friend.

All right. Any other questions here?

Boy.

I mean, cinder blocks for feet.

It's going to be hard to walk in those, especially because I'm not sure- You don't have toes.

I'm not sure the musculature of the pickles.

But I would guess they're- You have regular human muscles.

Oh, you do!

Of coursing throughout.

Coursing?

Well, I mean like- You have throbbing.

You have throbbing coursing musculature.

You have veins.

My veins are not muscles.

Heads up.

I know, but I'm saying you have veins.

Guess what?

Aren't muscles veins?

I never said they were.

I said you have muscles and you have veins.

Capillaries?

Are those muscles- Well, okay.

So now- Okay, so this- I have another question then.

I have another question there.

If somebody- If you're going to bully Allison like this- Allison?

Yeah.

Shut up!

I don't- I don't know- My serious apologies.

Yeah.

Do you have a question?

Hey.

I do not.

Then I will ask my question.

Please do.

If somebody- Tie it down one fucking notch.

I will not.

I am trying to win this game!

He's got me in the headlock right now.

Because I am in the- Go over!

Hey!

Listen to me!

If somebody is- Okay.

If I'm at a barbecue- If I'm at a barbecue- Oh, right.

If I'm at a barbecue- Oh, jeez.

And I get- By the way, you're never at a barbecue.

Oh!

Okay.

In which scenario?

In both.

Both?

You are banned from barbecues- In both scenarios.

As the pickle egg, you don't want to go to them because you're afraid people are going to bite on your legs.

Well, this is making a lot of hungry people!

It's going to be my question.

Okay.

If somebody bites into my leg at any point- Yes.

Okay.

Somebody like they want either- Through sex play- Whatever.

They want a bite of my pickle leg.

Okay.

Let's just say that.

Are they biting pickle or flesh that bleeds through your muscle veins?

They're biting pickle- That has muscles and veins in it.

So it would hurt- Would it question- Would it hurt you- Would it hurt the way- Like if someone actually just bit your regular leg?

It hurts more than that.

Actually, it hurts- Because it's not- It's the most excruciating pain because- You guys obviously don't know how pickles actually feel.

Pickles in real life, when people bite into them, it's incredibly painful for the pickles.

It is not true.

It is true.

So that's exactly how you feel- I'm here to say.

I'm here to say.

Now I was standing in this scenario we're talking about.

Pickles are not sentient.

Yes, they are!

They have emotions and they have feelings.

Chief, Cleve!

You shut your mouth!

We're still in the script!

But look, here's the problem.

Is your favorite food in that scenario is pickles.

So you always want to eat your own legs.

Just like a turn.

The most excruciating pain you can bring.

What's interesting to me again is that- I mean, I could imagine a world in which pickles were just my legs.

But the fact that the- Within the pickle skin is actually- Musculature.

Like my actual anatomy.

That actually freaks me out.

That means- Okay, I don't think anybody's going to eat my legs.

But my question is if pickles were your favorite food, and you have pickle legs, but pickles are your favorite food.

Do not just buy pickles all the time.

Like at home you would have lots of- There are no pickles in this universe.

Okay.

You have the only pickles.

The only pickles in the world are your legs.

Yeah, this is why you ask questions.

Wow.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop the clock.

Listen to me.

Okay, clock is stopped.

Okay.

Thank you for stopping the clock.

All right.

So in a world without pickles- And you have to start that clock, Becca.

You're really okay.

I'm feeling bad about the clock.

I really- In a world without pickles, and you having pickle legs, do people understand what your legs even are?

People remember the pickles.

Oh, so it's a world that previously had pickles.

Oh yeah.

I got it.

People loved pickles until the apocalypse.

Oh, pickle, apocalypse.

Pickle- A pickle- A world without pickles.

Pickle- The apocalypse happened.

Okay, I like that.

I like people with- And people no longer have pickles or lips.

Now we're getting somewhere.

Do you say nobody has?

Yeah, the pickle lips happened.

So there are no lips.

So I have a question.

Yes.

How do people kiss?

They don't.

You will never kiss again.

I know my choice.

In the scenario- Wait, in the scenario where your worst enemy has to become your best friend, do people have lips?

People have lips and they use them.

For what?

Because that could be a trick question.

You know what eating pussy.

But- Well, I have my answer.

I've got my answer.

Mainly eating pussy.

Yeah.

I'm ready to weigh in, Jason.

You know what's saving for your words with friends messaging messages.

Okay, buddy?

Come on.

Dude, you know, I'm fine with it.

All right, I'm- For the more I'm ready to make my decision- I'm shutting the floor down.

All right, Alison Brie, how do you decide?

I would rather make my worst enemy my best friend.

And why is that?

Because everybody loves eating pussy in that scenario.

Hey, that's honesty.

I am- You know what?

You're down negative 12.

I'm awarding you 15 points for that.

You have- Three points.

Jason, you need three to win.

Or three to tie rather.

Three point- 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1 to win.

I am also choosing best friend- worst enemy scenario.

Okay, picking the same one.

For almost the same reason.

Because- Mainly for eating pussy reasons.

Okay.

But also for the fact that there's going to be- I'm assuming there's going to be kissing and other things as well.

The idea of having no lips.

And also by the way, here's a heads up.

Guess what I don't need?

My stupid cinder block feed up staging me every moment because they're a famous rapper.

Yeah, that's true.

You know what I mean?

That's true, yeah.

I don't need that headache.

You're okay with it.

You didn't ask me the question about it.

If you're okay with that whole thing.

But you are okay with it.

Oh.

So you picked exactly what Alison picked for the exact same reasons as well.

Which you think that should get you 15 points, right?

I don't know the scoring.

It gets you 15 points, but unfortunately I'm going to have to dock you 0.000001 for picking the exact same thing.

Okay.

And I would like to ask you what you're doing after this.

Just eating pussy, I think.

So cool.

We'll just- I'm going to go find a girl.

I'm going to go find a girl.

I mean, find one.

And we could go to a strip club and meet Saul.

He told me where he was going.

And the thing is- He's trying to say she is one man.

This is your problem.

I'm sorry.

This is your problem, Jason.

I'm like, I know- I've got a scenario you had a dick.

Jason, you're losing a man.

No, in the pickle scenario.

You're dropping a ball.

I'm not picking up on the- You're not picking up on the most important thing that she said.

I have a lesbian friend for you.

Jason, man, I got to interject here.

I'm going to do the opposite of cockblock here.

What's happening?

Just do not pick up on signals.

I'm going to take a seat somewhere.

A midday booty, Jason.

Jason, that means- Have I mentioned I'm single?

Jason, that means that you are at 2.99999999.

I'm so sorry, Alison. You're our winner.

Yes!

Congratulations.

That is how we play, would you rather?

Wow.

I didn't think I was going to get it back.

Shut up.

I see you wanting to talk.

Shut up.

Don't dance.

All right, that is how we play, would you rather?

So good.

It's the most difficult part of this podcast.

It really is.

Not dancing during that.

No.

You love to dance.

I do.

Yeah.

I try to take a video of you dancing to the- Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.

Look for that on YouTube.

If you're going to- What is that?

If you're going to be that, just go to Google.

Google, look up YouTube.

Look up YouTube.

All right, so we have reached a level of anxiety here.

And now at this point, I believe- Yes.

It is safe to say we have finished today's catchphrase.

Yes, we are all done.

Thank you so much for that submission.

God.

Oh, that was- Wow. It was tough to get you all together.

I had to call Saul Goodman.

Yep.

Who I didn't even know.

He flew down here from Albuquerque.

He was pretty cool, no.

He was cool.

All right, here we go.

The last thing we're doing, this is, of course, plugs.

Crazy man in the beaver hat.

Crazy man.

Crazy man in the beaver hat.

Crazy man.

Nice.

All right.

That is Crazy Man in a beaver hat by Kelsey Gramma.

Kelsey Gramma.

He's working on Boss.

Dr. Frazier Boss?

Frazier Boss.

Definitely a polytum gets character, right?

Yeah.

I don't know what that had to do with plugs, but thank you so much for submitting it.

If you have a theme for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial plugs theme, go to earwolf.com under the comedy bang bang threads, submit it, host it up there, and you can be famous for a week.

Kelsey Gramma, you are famous, so congratulations.

Yes.

How about how dare you?

How dare you jilt Camille?

So, so, so poorly.

Camille.

They'll cause me.

It's a great Cosby impression.

Yeah.

Jello Camille.

Jason, what do you have to plug?

Obviously, the dictator in theaters now.

Yes, the dictator in theaters now.

Go see it.

That's about...

Oh, how did this get made?

The podcast.

Yeah.

I'll be a guest in a couple of weeks.

I doubt it.

I'm going to be.

Did he pick the movie?

Do I get to pick the movie?

Paul is being very vague about this whole thing.

Oh, well, whatever he's saying.

I'm not going to...

I don't know.

He just says...

I don't know, whatever.

He says it's all going to work out.

I'm sure it'll all work out.

You were, in fact, the first person on the very first time of this game.

I was the unaired pilot.

The pilot episode.

Wow.

And I did such a poor job.

We never aired it.

And...

You're so bummed that I missed it.

A-put.

Oh...

A-nut.

I love that.

Bring that back.

You gave me a nut.

Very long.

That was good.

It was like the really long pause before the nut so that you didn't see it coming.

Dang.

You know what I'm going to do?

A terrible job eating your pussy.

Nut.

A-nut.

Throw my wife in there and you know something.

No, seriously.

No, I am going to do a terrible job.

I'm very bad at it.

Good luck with that.

Good luck with doing that job.

I don't should be that be saying that.

I don't understand.

I gag a lot.

You should not.

It is gross.

Don't say that after.

I'm still in.

I think texture is weird.

Say that immediately after.

You're on.

But after.

I accept this challenge.

Anything else to say something about it?

I don't know.

I mean, whatever.

That's a way I sure want to.

Allison, community, coming back.

Thank goodness.

Yes.

September maybe.

Uh, yeah, hopefully.

And I'm sure that in the meantime, you can watch all episodes on Hulu plus.

Oh.

I should just get that and then watch them there.

And the third season will be out on DVD.

I'm sure it's on the line.

Yes, it will be at some point.

Those four of us always try to watch it all the time.

You know what else I'll say?

Wow.

You're really sorry.

Interjecting during her plugs.

Wow.

I'm just talking about that.

That's great.

Allison.

Please continue my sincerest apologies.

All right.

Community.

Now I'm kind of curious.

Yeah.

No.

Med-med.

I'm just wondering.

Please tell us about Med-med.

Med-med.

Still airing.

Leave me back.

I don't think I'm allowed to say.

You'll just like to watch and find out.

I was obsessed with the episode where you and Pete Campbell hosted dinner party and then Don has to come and fix the sink because Pete's dick doesn't work basically.

Oh.

And every girl in the room gets wet.

Right.

Trudy like a boss.

Right.

And Don comes to dinner.

I loved that episode.

That was great.

This season has been amazing.

Thank you.

Maybe my favorite Med-med season yet.

Seriously.

It's so good.

Seriously.

The LSD episode.

Oh my gosh.

That one was literally.

Slattery.

Oh my god.

Five have just been brutal.

I haven't seen it in the last one.

I love when Don and Megan like chase each other through the apartment.

Oh my god.

And then fuck.

And then fuck like maniacs.

Yeah.

Channel that.

Channel that Jason for like.

I wish they had.

No, no, no.

I'm terrible at this.

I don't understand how it works.

I'm teaching you.

My biggest problem with Med-med though is they cut away right before they started fucking.

Yeah.

And then they cut to right after it.

It's like guys.

Guys.

You're missing the best part.

Guys.

And that's when I just I bing Google Jessica Perry naked.

Right.

And then I'm powering.

Okay.

So then I do that and then I'm like oh here she is.

This is what this is.

This is what.

Yeah.

Exactly.

But there's a really because I'll show you some stuff.

It's pretty mind boggling.

All right.

Maybe later.

All right.

Anything else else?

Of course.

Five engagement.

Still out.

Please see it.

See it.

It's terrific.

It's really funny.

Well, all right.

Jason relax.

Sorry.

And Jason.

Jason you have something else to say.

Oh, the next season of Children's Hospitals coming up.

Oh great.

Is it a road to you?

Which is hilarious.

Very soon.

Sometime the summer I heard.

Correct.

Yes.

Oh, and I'm going to be in an episode of NTSFSDSUV.

Oh, I am as well.

What?

That's so good.

We have five.

I'm in neither of those shows.

Let's say that one.

How come?

If you could submit my children's hospital.

Wait, you were children's hospital.

Well, I was last season.

Last season.

If you could submit my tape as Chief Gweef.

I would appreciate it.

I think there's a particular producer over there.

I think Chief Gweef is going to get you a lot of work.

And I think our performance as a result.

Don't waste.

And I was just going to get us a season to assist.

I want to plug.

Let's see.

Oh, this is exciting.

So the Comedy Ben, Ben, Ben TV show coming out June 8th, of course.

I hope you're all going to watch that on IFC.

I do want to say that this Thursday, there is an episode that you can watch the entire episode of.

What?

The Amy Poehler episode.

She was amazing on it.

It's Amy Poehler.

It is Dave Keckner.

Andy Daly is on this episode.

You can see that on Thursday starting on Thursday on Hulu, video on demand, iTunes, Microsoft, Amazon, IFC.com, Facebook, Xfinity, Dish.

Some of these are made up, I'm sure.

AT&T.

That's something.

You can see it everywhere starting on Thursday.

So check that out.

That'll be like a little taste for the season.

Getting people interested in it.

And the regular season starts June 8th with Zach Galifianakis and Gillian Jacobs and Andy Daly and Will Forte and Tom Lennon on that episode.

And also a new Will Forte episode of Reggie Makes Music will be up tomorrow.

That's Tuesday.

Check that out.

Check out the John Ham one that just came out.

And that's a really funny one where John and Reggie improv ise a song about Taxi that sitcom Taxi.

And how much John loves it.

I love that show.

Yeah.

That show is amazing.

He does a whole spoken word poetry thing about Reverend Jim .

Oh, that's great.

It's very funny.

Do you remember this episode where Reverend Jim sat down where what's her name?

Mary Lou Hennor brings Reverend Jim to a Black tie event.

I'll tell you who does remember it Mary Lou Hennor.

Oh, she remembers everything.

Anyway, no, I'm lost in a taxi story.

I'm just told to unham about it.

We'll talk about it.

A board.

And also Comedy Bang Bang posters.

There's new posters.

Go to the store at earwolf.com and t-shirts.

Guys, we're closing up the old plug bag.

Closing up the old plug bag.

And I want to thank you both so much for being on the show.

Thank you.

Guys, Alison, best of luck to you.

Great meeting you.

Thank you.

I might go to Albuquerque and become a stripper.

What do you think?

I think it's a great idea.

He's a great idea.

Jason, career suicide, but it's a great idea.

Well, there's different definitions of that.

We're best friends.

Best friends forever.

Love you.

And unlike Madman, I'm not going to cut away while you guys do your thing.

So we'll just leave the mics on and here we go.

Ow.

Ooh, ow.

No, no, no, no.

I told you I'm very bad.

You know what, turn the mics off.

It's higher.

Turn the mics off.

It's higher.

Turn them off.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Dog.

Calm.

Ooh, ooh, ooh.

Eeek.

Waaah.

The world's dead.
