---
layout: page
title: 16. Andy Dick,Bob Odenkirk,Chelsea Peretti [157⧸21200].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫♫♫ Hello, this is Weird Al Yankovic, and if your internet is on right now, you're listening to Comedy Death Ray on ND-1031.

I know you are!

Don't lie to me!

Come on Al.

Andy, you want to...

Such an angry guy.

Oh my gosh.

Andy, ND-1031...

But then he laughs like a maniac.

Andy, I haven't introduced you.

Don't talk yet.

ND-1031, this is Comedy Death Ray.

That was Weird Al Yankovic doing a station ID.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

I am your gracious host for the next hour.

I'm here with my co-host for the day.

Hey Mr. Andy Dick, hello Andy!

Oooh!

Ziggy!

Hello, folks!

Ziggy-goo!

I'm going to try this one the whole time.

Wait, that does sound like that.

Giggity-giggity.

Who's Giggity-giggity?

Giggity-giggity, from a camera guy.

One of my friends would say that all the time.

Giggity-giggity, you're like, what the...

What are you...

Can we swear?

Yeah, you can swear.

Fuck yeah!

I love it.

Not that word though.

FCC, fuck, con-con.

Right off the bat.

Two C-words.

We've been saying that too much on this show.

I love the family guy, but I'm not obsessed with it.

Like, I've got friends who just can't get enough of it and they quote it.

Not into that.

We have plenty of time to talk about the family guy.

We'll probably do two segments talking about our favorite episodes a little later.

No.

Not interested.

But let's talk about you Andy!

Hi!

How are you?

Hi!

You...

This is like a coming out party for you.

I doubt that.

No, but in the...

Do you know I've been out, as they say, forever.

Out since I was out of my mother's...

Now explain what that means.

Explain what that means.

Not the whistling because we all know that means for China.

But when you say out, out is what?

I slid out of her virgin.

You know, and I don't even like to say out.

I've just never hid...

I'm kind of an open book when it comes to everything.

Sex, drugs, and rock and roll.

Really?

You're an open book about rock and roll.

I love ABBA.

And I have no problem with it.

That is true.

I've been out about loving ABBA ever since.

Do you think that goes hand in hand with the rest of what you're out about?

No.

That's one of the things I don't...

I don't like that people who love ABBA, people think that people who love ABBA are necessarily gay.

And I also don't like people thinking that I'm just gay.

No, you're not just gay.

You're also a knowing.

You're so mean!

That's mean.

I'm leaving.

Then you'll have no gas.

Andy, we should clarify.

You're not.

I mean, people shouldn't think of you as a gay man because you're not.

It's okay, I feel.

Because you have sex with women a lot.

Love the women, in fact.

Where's Chelsea?

Seriously, Chelsea will be here a little later.

I should hype what is coming up on the show.

We also have a fellow castmate of yours from The Ben St iller Show.

He's like...

Bob Odenkirk, he is late.

We have Chelsea Paredi.

Everybody's late.

The tables have turned.

Usually I'm the one strolling in late.

Well, I had to pick you up at your house to make sure you'd be here on time.

Well, I was excited about today.

No, I'm excited too.

Yeah, this is sort of like your radio tour.

You did Love Line last night.

I'm all over.

Where you hosted.

Yes, I hosted last night.

I did.

It was the first time in Love Line history where both people were fill-ins.

Dr. Drew was not there, so he was being replaced by Dr.

Bruce.

And then there was no Adam Corolla, although he had been doing it all week.

And it was me.

First time in Love Line history.

Wow.

25 years.

How does that feel to make history with Dr. Bruce?

It was fun.

I like Love Line because I like to...

Honestly, it sounds corny and you think I'm kidding, but I like to help people and I like to help them, especially with their addiction problems and their sexual problems because I didn't have help.

I had nobody to talk to.

Obviously.

I didn't even thank you.

I didn't even know that I needed to talk to somebody.

I thought I just thought I didn't even know anything was off.

I was living my life and going man be pamby off through the woods.

I liked your advice to people last night.

Basically I tuned in for about 15 minutes and this was the advice that you gave everyone.

I don't know.

Just do what you want.

Just don't hurt anyone.

Just do what you want.

Have fun.

Is that how I sound?

Just have fun.

I hope I'm not.

I don't hope it'll sound that.

Oh no, that was Dr. Bruce.

We will sound that fucking gay.

Oh hi.

Chelsea Paredi just walked into the studio.

We will be talking with her in a little bit and also hopefully Bob Odenkirk will be here as well.

We're going to play a song of Andes and we're going to come back with more comedy death three.

This is indie one of three one.

Debbie Carkemacko.

Ooh.

What's happening?

Let's play that song.

There it is.

He's going to be a little bit more.

If it does fizz up, that's how you know it's working.

Andy, 1-0-3-1, I apologize for playing that.

That is Andy Tick, who just left the room and will not hear the fact that I apologize for playing that.

This is comedy death rate.

I'm Scott Ockermann.

Andy's back.

I was just apologizing for playing that song.

You picked it.

I said don't play any.

I don't like them.

That one is just...

I hate it.

It's funny.

No, it's supposed to be...

Oh, it's supposed to be actually instructional?

Yeah, it's medicinal.

I put vodka on my cock.

Chelsea, what do you have to say about that?

Let me introduce you, Chelsea.

You are a comedian from New York who was part of...

Blanking, it's the variety shack.

That's correct.

Yes, and now you are out in LA.

This is Chelsea Peretti, everyone.

Welcome Chelsea.

How are you?

Doing great.

Had some coffee, blueberry waffles.

A little bit tardy.

Someone's been spending time at iHOP.

Nope.

Oh.

You're the type of comedian.

Yeah.

Nope.

You should do improv.

So...

So your chose is great.

Thank you.

That is a great interjection Andy.

That is a great interjection.

You started Trader's share.

That's a fantastic example of being a co-host.

We should have a store that doesn't have an ace.

Well, that was supposed to open up the...

You know.

Alright, shut the fuck up.

Alright, so Chelsea, you...

He's so mean.

I'm not...

Chelsea, you...

You...

Bob's here, by the way.

Just in case you were feeling anxious about whether he would get here or not, Bob is actually here.

Welcome Bob Odenkirk.

How are you?

Good.

Talk right into that microphone, if you would.

I'm doing alright.

We have some...

Sorry I'm late.

We have headphones for you.

This is a Lucy Goosey show today!

Good morning, Marky.

Couldn't find some others.

Is Lucy coming?

Alright, Bob's going to get set up.

Let's talk to Chelsea for a little bit, Andy.

What do you say?

Yes.

So now you did...

Chelsea, I saw Chelsea perform at your show on Tuesday.

And she was very funny.

Fascinating.

Oh God, let him love me.

I know, he's being mean.

Are you having a bad day?

I'm not having a bad day, I just want to get to the questions.

You have any great...

We're interviewing Chelsea.

I don't know her at all, I was about to...

Well let's talk about her.

Okay, first let's talk about the fact that you're from New York and then you...

Well I'm from Oakland actually, but...

Oh really?

Oh, town?

Oh no, that's Orlando.

Well, what does that...

Yeah, it's not really a said thing.

Oak town sometimes.

Oak town, right.

Okey.

But you moved to New York and then you were comedian up there for a while.

Bob just threw the microphone into the computer.

I just turned down.

Were there open mics out there in Oakland?

You know I started in New York and then I went back and did some of that in the Bay Area.

Who were you coming up with in New York?

Ray Romano.

Me and Nick Kroll and this guy Roger Hales, I don't know if you know them, we all started together.

Yeah, they're great people.

So now that you're in LA, do you get to see much of it?

Do you, I mean like what's your favorite part out here?

It's a very different city.

It is different.

I don't know why.

In my head I thought it was going to be very like country.

Like when I was in New York I'm like I just want nature and like big wide open spaces.

Like big sky country.

And then I forgot that there was just going to be constant managers and people talking about people they know and I forgot the whole part about what LA is.

But no, I've seen Magic Castle.

I went on a date there.

I love that place.

Do you really?

Did you go with a magician?

No, I went with a music producer.

Because you have to be invited supposedly.

Yes, yeah, you have to like you know and I had heard about it.

I thought it was like a festival like a once a year thing.

It was like Magic Castle.

Like Magic Castle have you been like?

Yeah, because you can't imagine people doing magic all the time.

Yeah, like every day.

It just becomes commonplace.

So I thought it was like.

But the notion that there's a place where they're always doing magic.

This isn't magic anymore.

Yeah, exactly.

It's just, you know, you're just tricking me.

Yeah, I just, once in a year.

Let's see that one again.

Let's do a magic trick and then let's all go home.

Yeah.

That's what I thought it was.

Yeah, that's a good thing.

Yeah, that sounded exciting.

I didn't love it.

No, I think I'm not a magic person really.

Like I feel like it's sort of like exactly what you expect.

Like these guys are milling around with card tricks and they're like, hair extensions and like eyeliner and catch phrases that they've dreamed up.

And they're like doing card tricks just where they're like, is this your card?

And I'm like, yeah, it is.

And to me, it just falls flat.

I'm like, that's magical.

Like I don't, I don't understand what's magic about this.

You do realize there's 52 different cards.

Yeah, but- Yeah, I wanted you to do two chances.

I do, but I expect a professional to know my card.

Which one out of those 52?

Did you see the magic stool?

No.

Oh, there's a stool that goes up and down.

Oh, magic all.

There's a- I didn't get to see that.

I'm gonna have to go back.

Yeah, now you're not- Who do you need to pooped it out?

There's a- Aah!

There's- Stoo- There's- There are two different meanings to that word.

I should tell the listeners.

Alert the listeners.

Yes, there are two different meanings to that word.

And that is why that joke is funny.

I just dropped the magic stool on the- That's why I'm late.

Whoa!

But it made me float.

I just had it dropped.

On that note, let's go to a song.

This is our new guest, Bob Odenkirk.

How many song?

A comedy song track for, yes.

This is Bob Odenkirk.

Listen up, girls, to what I got to say.

America's number one, and we're here to stay.

To top of the file, I got damn humdinger.

Blue ribbon gold cup.

Giant foam finger!

Number one!

Hell yeah, we're number one.

Better than Greece, London, and Lea France.

All in mother countries are like shit in our pants!

All right!

American pride.

That's right, Indy 10101, that was Bob Odenkirk, who cannot recall recording that song.

And now he's walking around the studio instead of getting on my he can talk to us about it.

Well, yeah, let's talk about it.

We just played it, you singing?

Yes, I don't know why I recorded that.

I did make a video when I know I made a video for that.

Where can one find that?

I don't know.

It might be on YouTube, but- Did you make it for like super deluxe or something?

I think I did, but I don't remember it being up there either.

I know people liked it a lot.

That is the sign of a great career when you can't even remember something that's really funny that you did before.

Well, it's pretty funny.

It's not really funny.

It's pretty fun.

This is comedy death ram here with my co-host Andy Dick.

How'd you like my song?

I loved it.

He's actually more of a songwriter than way more than me.

He played my worst one I've ever written.

I've ever written.

Hot songs.

And recorded them with real musicians.

That's right.

I like- I preferred whiskey on my dick.

That song was stronger.

What?

There's a song called Whiskey on my dick.

Your song, I'm talking about your catalog.

Your back kind of mimes?

Oh, no.

Oh.

I didn't formulate the joke right now.

I got a lot of money.

This show is going to be nothing but bleeps.

We don't bleep because it's on the internet.

We no longer bleep this show.

Alright, so I'm here with Andy Dick.

I'm here with Bob Odenkirk.

You were both on the Ben Stiller show as I recall.

Yes, we were.

We had a blast.

Together.

Is this the first time you've seen each other in a while?

No.

We saw each other.

We did your show a few weeks ago.

What show was that?

Andy has this really great talk show that he shoots from his apartment.

House arrest.

Call the house arrest and you can see it online.

It's a lot.

I thought it was great.

I told you how great it was.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

I mean, we did like two or three versions.

Right.

And then they cut it up and they just did a great job.

I mean, it moves really fast.

It's funny.

Adam.com.

Atum.com.

You can see that in your, there's several episodes of that.

There's 10 of them.

Dr. Drew did one.

Adam Corolla did one.

Mo Collins, Jennifer Coolidge.

My first guest was, and I had to search, I had to seek him out.

What's it, Joe?

Joey Greco.

Yes.

Joe Greco from Cheaters because I'm fascinated with that show.

I don't know.

Don't you love that show?

I don't know.

What's the best show ever?

It's amazing.

They catch people cheating, right?

But he got it.

But what do they do?

They just say, hey, why are you cheating?

He's just this creepy guy with like a huge leather coat and like a five o'clock shadow.

And he acts like he's really sensitive and caring about people, but he's just exposing their lies and creating like havoc in their lives.

But he is a really nice sensitive guy.

We just mentioned he's Adam.

He's a really nice roommate.

Are you serious?

He's like a nice guy.

He's a really nice guy.

He's kind of acting.

He's doing a little acting job.

What does he say?

Do him for me.

Let's say I'm the guy.

Hear me and I'm sorry.

The guy that was on before is another guy who was more creepy than tall or guy.

Andy, do it with me.

You might be mixing it up.

Andy, do it where I'm thinking of a very tall guy, five o' clock shadow.

Yeah, that guy is kind of creepy.

He was the old host.

This new guy.

This new guy wears glasses so he's very different.

Okay, yeah.

So I'm sorry.

What you name?

Chelsea.

Right.

So Chelsea and I are having dinner.

And I'm not her husband and she is not, and she is not my wife.

Okay, Bob, who am I in this equation?

You're the waiter and you've just joined us for no reason.

Okay, great.

So here we are.

You would be saying you need to leave.

No, you're the waiter.

No, I'm the waiter and I've joined the table.

Andy, you be the guy.

You be this new guy.

Show us how he's so sensitive, right?

And you're catching both of us.

Okay, but give us a little time to establish a rapport here though.

Okay.

Chelsea, I, something I need to tell you.

I just wanted to say thank you so much for letting me sit down.

That's okay.

And thank you for bringing the french fries.

You're well, you know, it's so rare that you get to take a break in this business.

Yeah.

I used to be a waiter as well.

Can I just finish what I was saying to my?

Oh, sure.

I'll shut up.

Girlfriend.

I told you this is my girlfriend, right?

Oh, but not your wife.

Well, I have a wedding ring on, but it was a mistake that it was part of a prank.

Right.

I have to carry through so I can win the everyone in doing it in my group.

So we're all helping it's a church group thing.

So do you mind if I listen?

Well, please sit here and watch us eat.

Thank you.

Chelsea, I just want to say the last couple of sex times we 've had together have been so great.

Do you mind if I listen?

I'm Joe.

What?

I'm cheaters.

This is a sensitive man.

Please join us.

Here, sit down with all of you.

I'm just talking to her.

Okay.

But yeah, I'm here with with Leslie.

A camera.

Leslie.

I can't believe this.

Leslie.

This is a Junior Stephanie P.

I'm in shock.

You're married to Leslie.

I am in shock.

Why are you having dinner with this girl, Chelsea?

What's happening?

I had sex with her.

So I was giving her dinner.

Chelsea, Chelsea, why are you with a girl?

Who is this bitch?

She threw this to me.

Show me how sensitive he is.

Why would just don't waste your time with this girl?

Engineer Stephanie, go back.

Don't waste your time.

You told me the ring was a prank.

It was a prank that my church group did on me.

Who's laughing now?

You're not very sensitive, mister.

I'm not sensitive to your issues.

You know what?

My issues.

Let's go talk on the side.

Hey, can I get anyone?

Anything else, by the way?

Oh, yeah.

The waiter's here.

The side of Brussels sprouts.

How do you like those cooked?

Roasted.

Okay.

Can I get more of these chipotle fries?

Okay.

And I would like another chipotle dog.

And if I could get some of that chipotle.

What about the chipotle margarita?

I hate it.

I'll take them.

It tastes chipotle.

Horrible.

That's why it's one too many.

And scene.

So I see what you mean.

He's very sensitive.

Very sensitive, caring guy.

He's sweet.

He cares about who's being cheated on.

I really enjoyed that little bit of improv.

But he doesn't care about the person who's cheating.

No, that guy is just trash.

You know, I am totally dead serious when I say this, but I think we should start a UCB Herald team together, the four of us.

We really have a good chemistry.

We really do.

That was fantastic.

We could get engineer Stephanie in here just to pop in and say a couple of things.

That was good, by the way.

That was very good.

You did a great job.

That was a great job.

I'm Mike.

All right.

Let's do another song when we come back.

We'll have more with Andy Dick, Bob Odenkirk.

Chelsea Paredi.

This is track number six.

Song.

In D103.

One, two, three, one.

In D103.

One, two, three, one.

In D103.

One, two, three, one.

In D103.

One, two, three, one.

In D103.

One, two, three, one.

In D103.

One, two, three, one.

In D103.

One, two, three, one.

In D103.

One, two, three, one.

In D103.

One.

Dot, dot, dot, dot, dot.

That is, of course, Pee Wee Herman, who, big comedy news, announced this week.

He is returning to the stage.

Did you get your tickets?

Yes.

I did too.

Did you?

Yes, I did too.

I'm so excited.

Mm-hmm.

So excited.

Oh my gosh.

This is going to be.

I got it for a closing night.

What date is that?

November something.

Twenty-seven?

The Sunday, the 8 p.m.

Sunday show.

Are you going at the same day?

If it's the 27th.

I think it is.

Yeah.

I can't wait.

So that's going to be great.

This is comedy death ray.

We're going to come right back with my guests, Andy Dick, Bob Odenkirk Chelsea.

Where are you going?

We're going to take a word from our sponsor.

We have a new sponsor this week.

So we'll be right back on indie one, oh three, one.

Are you interested in becoming an announcer for radio commercials on satellite or internet radio?

Have you been told that your voice is inappropriate and unn erving?

Have you been told that radio announcing is best left to others who have more listenable voices than yours?

Have you been warned to stop practicing that damn announcing in this house or car under the threat of being abandoned by loved ones?

Do you live alone now and want to pursue your dream at all costs no matter the reactions of those around you?

Well, I'm here to tell you that you can be an announcer in your own commercial when you order my home course in radio announcing and radio time purchasing.

No matter how odd or unenjoyable your voice is, listen to this man who took my class and is now on this commercial.

Yep, really works.

This woman says the same thing, though in even more unint elligible in grating tones.

I took the class and listened to me now.

I'm really on the radio making an announcement.

So what are you waiting for?

Nothing.

I'm right here.

I really did it.

I'm in radio.

No one can stop me.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I thought you were done.

I was, but yes, I was waiting for it.

I wasn't.

What?

Ah, my name is Daniel.

What did you watch, sir?

I'm in my mind.

Okay, but are you done now?

Both of you.

Okay.

I'm not sure what you're saying.

I'm in my mind.

You have all your way back.

My mind is on the radio.

And I'm with her.

So you see, all you have to do is sign up now for Carl.

Are you done?

You took the class.

Yeah.

I met you in the class.

You were gone.

Your full fantastic and fantastic graduates.

A1 summa cum laude from my institute.

Sign up today.

Carl Hammer's online announcing a radio type purchasing system and make your future your past already.

Yeah, we all did it.

We all did it.

That's what I was announcing.

Thank you.

Sound great.

And we're back.

That was our commercial from our sponsor.

You know, it's so hard to get a sponsor in this economic climate.

It is.

I really want to thank them for...

Radio announcing and spot-taking.

Where do you take that class?

I don't know.

There was no information about where to take it.

There was no information.

She was like an oversight in the commercial.

That website.

No.

Well, we can find it online.

Yeah, just Google radio.

I'm here with my guest Andy Dick.

Chelsea Peretti, Bob Odenkirk from Left to Right.

My view.

Hi.

Thank you so much for coming here.

So we were saying, I just want to hear that again, that Pee Wee Herman's coming back.

Yeah.

Did you not know that?

I didn't know that.

Oh, yeah.

He's doing the Pee Wee Herman show.

Where?

At the John Anson Ford.

For how many nights?

I believe two weeks in a row, like two shows a day.

I'm like, wow.

Yeah, it's fantastic.

That's so great.

Yeah, yeah.

Very excited.

I never got to see it.

Is it sold out already?

I would imagine it is, but it might not be.

It just went on sale a few days ago.

My kids would love that.

Oh, yeah.

He's going to have everyone back.

He says, Cherry.

I'm not going to have everyone back.

Well, let's not make Andy Dick is right here in front of you.

I'm here too.

Close friends with Phil.

I know.

Should we talk about that?

Nah.

Well, you brought it up.

I didn't really understand everyone was going to be there.

Phil Hartman, the great Phil Hartman was a part of that show.

He was.

He won't be there.

Captain Carl.

But that's great.

That's really exciting that he's going to be doing that show.

Who Phil?

Wait, we just...

Yes, his dead body.

No, Paul.

No, yeah.

That's amazing.

I really want to get him on this show.

That's like my dream.

If you're listening, Paul Rubens, please be on the show.

I'm going to try every contact I know who knows you.

I know him.

Oh, you know him?

Call him for me.

All right.

Come on, buddy.

What are you doing?

I will.

I'll introduce you to him that night.

Oh, good.

What night?

The night you go, I'll just go with you.

Oh, cool.

Wait.

You're going to take my second ticket?

No, no, I don't need a ticket.

How about that?

Oh.

All right.

This is a comedy death ray.

I'm sorry.

Andy, do you really feel like you could like shop?

You'd call Paul first, right?

I have what I call an invisible passport.

It's not imaginary.

Okay, it's real.

You just can't see it.

You can walk in anywhere and you have one too.

You really can.

You just don't use it.

Right.

I would call ahead and make sure it's okay.

I do and I will buy ticket too, but the night, I don't think I have a ticket for the night you guys are going to be there.

So in order to introduce you, I would just show up and like I went to that family guy thing, I just showed up.

Right.

And they just, they see you bobber me and they're like, oh, he must have a ticket and they just open up the ropes and bring you right.

I don't even say, oh, I think I'm on the wheel call.

They don't even.

They're much more famous than I am.

Even if I have tickets.

No, I don't think.

Far more.

What about Chelsea?

Do you think she could do this?

Yeah, how do I figure it out?

You'll get there.

Okay.

Yeah.

Andy's been on huge TV series.

You can get in there with your looks.

Andy has been on a huge TV series radio.

He also did less than perfect.

You've been on some TV series.

What was it?

What was that show?

What was it that, the core of that show?

Basically, it was me and Adri Summers.

Yeah, Adri Summers played my stepmother and I had a best friend named Frank Titaness.

Cole and foil.

Titaness.

Yeah, I played by Cole and I just, he didn't have, he was like just as foster kid.

Yeah.

Just like a runaway that I met on the street.

I remember him.

And I kept him in my bedroom, in my closet.

Right.

And that's why I was a little bit of a cop.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

A little dog's scruff nuts.

That was a good show.

I mean, I like that show.

It was fun.

I had nobody saw it or.

A lot of people don't realize that ran longer than news radios.

Yes.

But it ran concurrently.

Eight years.

Eight years until Adri.

Why did that, how did that overlap with Candor Chronicles?

Because I don't know how you do two shows at once and you were doing Candor Chronicles.

You're nearly yourself doing two in a closet.

Well, especially.

And you started a sci-fi show.

Yeah, the hour long sci-fi, Candor.

I played Candor's wizard assistant.

Yeah, right.

The invisible box.

Right.

That was nuts because that was single camp.

Right, yeah.

It was like 16 hour days.

But that was because you only had one camera.

It wasn't because the show was shy.

Right.

That was self-produced.

I produced it myself.

That ran for 12 years.

12 years.

And it's still on in Turkey.

And not one person has ever seen it.

Well, there's some people have bobbed.

I gave him the least in Turkey.

And I gave Bob the bobbed.

It actually inspired the 9-11 bombings as I recall.

It had that plot in there.

But I liked it.

But back to two in a closet.

Yes, I like to just have a moment of silence for Adri because you do know she recently passed away.

Oh, that's right.

I didn't know that.

Right, she did.

She played my step.

You know, she's the one that almost always found Scruff Knots when you were like, oh, I smell a dog.

I saw an entertainment tonight.

That was a catchphrase.

I smell a dog.

Yeah, the sound was off and Cole was crying.

I saw Cole who doesn't look good.

No, he doesn't look good.

He's done nothing but drugs.

Right.

Nothing but drugs.

He hasn't even eaten.

He just does show.

Everybody thought that he would be the one.

Absolutely.

To die.

Right.

But now it was you.

Oh, no.

Oh, I did.

But Adri was all I still hear.

Oh, that's right.

I'm right here.

I keep forgetting if you're dead or not.

Adri was very, very old.

Did the dogs pass away?

There was about seven dogs.

Oh, you know how they do that.

There was this a union thing.

Usually each one would die every when they got a little old , they would have to kill it.

Yeah.

And the trouble is you were constantly hiring 18 year old dogs.

You know what?

I'm sorry.

They had to be 18.

Here's my honor to work those long hours.

And then they would.

Yeah, they would be my guy.

Yeah.

Here's my argument.

You should have kept the same breed.

That was confusing.

That was weird.

It was a pug and then it was a rot wireless.

I think that was confusing.

I don't care what anyone says.

Yeah, that didn't happen.

Kids who watched that must have been.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, let's go to a song.

We're going to come right back with more Andy Dick Chelsea Paredy and Bob Odenkirk.

I've got a good comedy song for you.

Oh, what do you got?

It's by Sticks.

Okay.

And it's any one of their songs?

Yes.

It's literally any one of their songs.

I'm going to vote for funniest Mr. Roboto or the Paradise thing.

Which one rock in the paradise?

Tonight's the night we make history, honey.

That one?

That is a great one.

We could play that.

Nice.

Why do you find this one here?

I'm Mr. Roboto.

I really would.

Can I hear it?

Yeah, let's hear Mr. Roboto.

We're going to come right now.

Andy, Andy, Andy.

Mr. Roboto's really good.

I already played one of these songs.

It was weird because we used that for...

That was kind of like the theme.

Oh, geez.

We're doing a class.

I love doing a class.

I know.

You brought it up.

And now I really like finding for it.

Andy, I love that show.

It did people didn't...

It was my favorite.

Cotton to it.

And I miss...

They ran for six years.

I'll never know.

They hated it for six years.

I didn't really get it.

I saw it.

I never really got it.

It was for kids.

It wasn't for you.

You know what?

I was younger.

I want to go meet Cole in person.

I know what bridge she lives under.

I mean, I guess I wasn't huge.

He's so cool.

He's funnier off camera.

He really is.

He's a crack addict, but it's even funnier.

Okay.

Alright, that song we want to hear of that song.

This is Hindi 103.

This is comedy death ray.

I am here with my guest, Sandy Dick, Chelsea Paredy, and Bob Odenkirk.

And guys, it is time for a very popular segment on the show .

In fact, probably in the three weeks we've been doing it, it has become the most popular segment on the show.

Do we have that echo ready for my voice?

I did not tell engineer Stephanie we were doing this next, so she's not prepared.

Or perhaps ill-prepared.

I think I know what it is.

No, you don't.

Oh, you probably do.

Yeah, because you've actually listened to one of these shows.

Thank you.

Alright, it is time for the segment on the show.

I'll say it with you.

Would you rather?

Did it help for me to say it with me?

I like to leave that on for an uncomfortably long time.

It should be 20 minutes.

Alright, so this is all three of you guys are involved in this.

Okay, let's do it.

This is basically we play the game.

Would you rather?

The common game that we all play.

We love it.

And I've been taking these on my Twitter account at Scott O ckerman.

I asked, we got a ton of great ones.

We have in fact way too many great ones.

Let's get through all of them.

I would love to do all of them.

Let's do an extra long segment because there are so many great ones.

Sorry to hear you have a Twitter account.

That's going to be the first to say.

I mean, what I'll do is I will...

Following him.

I will read the...

Shut the fuck up.

Are you going to get a Twitter account?

I have one.

What do you think about it?

I love and hate it.

What do you hate about it?

I hate that I even care.

And I hate that I check it occasionally, not all the time.

But then sometimes I'll check it 10 or 20 times a day.

And then I hate that I'll put something up that I think is semi-clever.

And then three weeks later say, who I did not type that in there.

And I'll delete it.

Can you delete it once?

Oh yeah.

Oh thank God.

I just want to interject and say that if we don't need one.

We're going to have to replay the theme if we spend this much time.

Let's do that in fact.

No no no no no no.

It's time for would you rather.

Or would you rather.

Would you...

Here we go.

♪♪ Okay.

Los Angeles 1969.

The police of the would you rather division and gathered for their morning assignments.

Alright so I'm going to read these submitted by our fans on Twitter and then I will be taking questions from you.

I will open the floor to questions.

We can ask us a round of questions about the would you rather and then I will take your vote.

So this comes to us from Joust.

At Joust I would imagine.

Okay would you rather wear someone else's shoes which aren 't your size for the rest of your life or wear your own shoes?

Alright the floor is open for questions.

You can ask about the specifics of this would you rather.

No I'll just rather wear my own shoes.

We're not voting yet anything.

Oh.

You say you heard the show?

Yeah I'm going to get right to it.

What do you get for wearing someone else's shoes?

Is that right?

Other dollar bills?

Here's a question.

Are they larger or smaller?

Okay that is a great question they are larger.

They're quite a bit larger.

What would you get?

What do you get?

You get nothing.

You get no reward.

No reward.

No.

You get money.

You skip to the end of this one and say we'd rather just wear our own shoes.

Andy you say you've listened to the show before and you're shitting on the bit.

I'm not.

Zach just answered like that.

Shall see your shoes look kind of cheap.

They are.

They want to wear it.

Look at my shoes.

They're ripped.

Oh that's a good question.

Are the shoes nicer?

Okay that is a great question.

See this is how we play.

This is how we ask these questions.

Okay now we get it.

Are the shoes nicer?

Do you admit which pair of shoes are you asking about?

The ones that are way too big are they made of gold?

They are not made of gold.

Are they made of some precious metal?

They're not made of any precious metal.

Diamonds.

What you're asking is are they expensive?

Are they more expensive than the regular pair?

Yeah a lot more expensive.

No they're not.

They're exactly the same.

Could I sell them?

They're larger so you won't have.

You will not be comfortable with them.

You'll not be comfortable but you also will be able to get them on.

You will be able to get them on you could probably stuff them with newspaper.

That's what I was going to ask because they are so large.

Is there money inside of them?

If there is money inside them it's money that you have put there to stuff the shoes.

No not interested.

Okay so I think it's time to vote on this one.

Let's go to Andy first.

Just my own shoes.

Next.

You're on shoes.

On shoes.

Okay.

On shoes.

Okay that's how we play.

We're warmed up now.

The audience.

Own shoes one.

Alright this comes from Stagamancer.

Would you rather be kicked in the genitals by the ugliest person you know or hugged by a beautiful stranger?

Alright I'm open for questions.

Do we know the ugliest person you know?

That we know personally?

She's not ugly by the way.

Okay any questions about this one?

Why do they, why do I, why are they kicking you?

Yes.

That is a great question.

They're kicking you because you deserve it.

Does that help you at all?

You really deserve it?

You insulted them and it kind of doesn't help me because here's what I thought.

The only advantage to getting kicked in the balls by the ug liest person you know is if you hated that person it would give you an excuse to beat the crap out of them.

Okay no unfortunately in this scenario you deserved being kicked.

It's someone you really like.

So once they kick you in the balls you're even.

Yes it's someone you really like.

That's not good.

Well it's a great story.

It really is.

Do you have any questions Chelsea?

I'm walking down the street and he comes the other way and first of all he's the ugliest guy you guys know.

People who know him he's the ugliest guy.

He's so, he's hideous.

He's so ugly.

He's hideous.

He walks up to me and kicks me in the balls.

You're kidding me.

That's horrible.

See that's why I'm so, you know what happens to me?

What?

It's a gorgeous stranger.

Out of the blue.

Walking right up to me and then gave me a hug.

But you didn't know cares.

Really?

Who cares?

Yeah the, it, Bob's story is better.

But then we went home and fucked.

Oh wait a minute this is getting juicy.

Yes that's a good question.

But then in the middle of fucking the ugly, that guy that same guy came in and kicked me and her in the nuts.

Yeah.

You know you're lucky you didn't have to choose.

That is, that is a very important part of this question is that if you choose to be hugged by the beautiful stranger you go have sex with them and the ugly person walks in and kicks you both.

So now we're, that I forgot to mention that.

You can have both?

Yes you can.

You can.

You really can have it.

I'll take scoot.

Okay so wait hold on we're not voting any.

Oh yeah sorry.

God damn it.

Sorry.

Well doesn't it come a no brainer.

Okay it's become a no brainer but let's use our brains to vote we're starting with Chelsea.

I'm going to go whole hog.

Whole hog.

I'll take it all.

You're going to take it all.

You would prefer to be hugged by the beautiful stranger and then kicked.

Yeah rather than just hugged I'd love to be abused physically.

All right Bob turn to you.

I'm going for everything because that's a great story.

That really is a great story.

That makes it a great story.

Okay Andy we're going to you now.

Okay unanimous let's move on.

FBE Jara I believe asks would you rather be a school bus driver or the door handle in a Taco Bell restroom and there's a little addendum the Taco Bell also is along John Silver's it's one of those double.

Did they really write that?

Yes they did.

It is one of those half and half restaurants.

Okay would you rather be a school taco and poop on you you have a little bit of grease and ice grease.

Okay so would you rather be a school bus driver or the door handle in a Taco Bell slash.

You get used a lot as a school bus driver.

I guess my first question would be does long John Silver's like with their just their fish and chips and I think they have a new fish taco.

What kind of fish is it like cod?

Is it cod?

In this scenario it is cod.

I don't know about the rest of the most long John Silver's but fish in this particular.

This particular one is cod.

Yes very good question that is how that is how we play would you rather that is textbook.

Thank you.

I've heard this game show by the way on NPR.

I'm sure you have a question.

Chelsea do you have a question?

I'm Koki Roberts and Chelsea.

Chelsea has a question.

Are you the bus?

Yes.

This is at a private school.

That is a great question.

Thank you.

Thank you so much for asking.

It is a private school in the sense of that they don't like a lot of what they're teaching to get out but it is technically a public school.

They keep the information from it.

They do what they teach the kids.

Yeah they don't have a newsletter.

They don't like the parents really getting all that involved.

Very secretive.

Yeah they're very secretive but it is a public school.

That is a great question.

Bob do you have any questions?

Let's see.

Here's the thing I'm thinking.

I would like to do something that helps people.

And when I look at these two offers that you're offering these, I look at it this way.

If Bob is a school bus driver, you as annoying as it would be and difficult, you really have an opportunity to help kids learn how to behave and get them safely to school.

As the door handle of a toilet, you will help people get out of the toilet.

And you do the toilet?

If you aren't, get into the toilet.

If you weren't there, the toilet would be locked in there.

It's just not good.

Or they'd be wetting themselves because of the idea.

Because they can't get in.

So I'm just looking at it.

How about the most?

You don't have an actual question.

You're just making an observation.

I'm sorry.

I'm saying that it's a tough dilemma.

I'm talking about the math in my head and how I'm doing it.

I think the question is how many students are on the bus.

That is another great question.

Versus.

How many people come into the bathroom?

How many customers are at this combo?

Okay that is a great question.

I have that information in front of me.

There are 50 people, 50 students on the bus.

And on the average per day, there are 3,000 people shitting in the toilet.

Wow.

Oh my gosh.

You had to tell us that.

That's a huge difference.

That's part of what asking the questions is about Andy.

You have a question.

Do some of the students frequent this Taco Bell long john silver?

Oh so it's like interconnected.

Like it's an episode of Lost or something.

Well so that you could help the students.

By being the toilet.

So I think I should say that the school bus driver uses this particular restroom a lot and touches this handle a lot.

Wait that's you.

It actually drops the kids off.

It goes over there.

Where is this?

And drops the other kids off.

Where is this most popular long john silver slash Taco Bell in the whole world?

Okay that is a great question.

The long john silvers is in Oklahoma City.

And the school bus driver is in Oklahoma City.

And how is it so popular there?

That's restaurant.

It's just doing well.

They started this new fish tacos thing and they advertise cod.

What's the population of Oklahoma City?

We should I do not have that information in front of me unfortunately.

But three thousand people.

Three thousand people.

Yes every single day.

I can make my decision.

Okay so we're ready to vote.

We're going to Bob Odenkirk first.

Soil it handle help the most people.

Toilet handle.

My.

Say.

Andy Dick.

Bus driver.

I'm just a germaphobe.

Okay.

I want people fingering me.

Chelsea for Eddie.

I'm going to go bus driver.

I'm frigid.

I like to be around kids.

You're a wimp.

Alright let's move on to our fourth question that this is.

Sorry.

This guy on twit.

This guy on twit asks would you rather spend the rest of your life watching Larry King cover Michael Jackson's death or die right now.

I'm open for questions.

Well when while he's covering while he's covering Michael Jackson's death are there always for the rest of my life are there always going to be new.

Revelation.

Yeah Revelation.

That is a great question.

Yeah.

That is great.

Yes.

We should stress that every day there will be something that comes out.

Something new.

Alright now I have a question.

Are you watching Larry King for the rest of your life every night once when he's on?

No no no.

Literally there is nothing you can do all day long.

Does the show repeat itself or does Larry do a twenty.

See this is a great to clarify.

Yes.

When you're awake.

Larry for the rest of your life stays alive and does not age.

No let me let me let me amend that.

He does age.

So for the rest of your life he ages but he stays alive.

So he could get into his hundred and twenties.

Okay fine.

And he does twenty four hour long shows.

Well he never goes to sleep.

I'm going to sleep part of the day.

Well okay we should talk about that.

He can see through the TV and he sees when you're asleep and he uses that opportunity.

To talk louder.

No.

To take a nap.

So he could get his sleep.

So he he looks he looks through the TV.

So he knows.

He says oh boy Bob's asleep.

But there's revelations every day.

Every single day someone.

You watch him grow older.

And you can't turn it off.

No.

But you can do all the things you can do.

Yeah you have to die right now.

Can I talk to my kids?

You can say you can talk to your kids for thirty seconds before you die.

But you can't tell them only thirty seconds every day.

No no no no you you will die.

You'll talk to them for thirty seconds.

You cannot mention that you're about to die.

You cannot say that you love them.

What?

But you can talk to them.

You're making the choice.

Makes sense.

And if you just die right now how do you die?

Yeah how great.

Great question.

This is how we play.

Okay.

I apologize for messing it up.

Okay.

This is game called great question.

This is how we play.

I can't remember the name of it.

But how do you die?

How do you die?

The way you die is you die in your sleep by...

Well that means you said you die right now.

No no no no.

Because I have to fall asleep right now.

I have to fall asleep.

We should talk about that.

We're not sleeping.

In that thirty seconds you have to talk to your children.

You are also falling asleep.

Which seems rude to your children.

Because you're falling asleep at the end.

Well once even rutors you never wake up.

So they will...

Is there anything ruder than people dying?

I am and you drive by a cemetery and it's just...

You get a bunch of fucking assholes in there.

A bunch of food.

A bastard.

Fuck them.

They fucking die.

How dare they.

How fucking dare they.

Okay so we're gonna have to vote here.

Andy Dick.

I'm gonna go for the Larry King.

The Larry King.

What and why is that?

Well because I like to live.

Even if I have to watch him.

Choose life.

If it's Larry King and life I choose life.

Okay Chelsea Beretti.

I'll just die.

Why is that?

I just don't have the patience for like long term jokes like that.

I agree.

I'm gonna die.

And you don't have any kids.

What would you say to your kids Bob?

Well I don't get to say anything.

I'm your kid.

No you don't get to close right now.

No I'm your kid daddy.

Why are you so sleepy?

Everybody has to sleep.

And you're gonna get tired.

I'm not tired.

You just woke up and I drank coffee.

I drank some of mommy's coffee.

You're using it to 30 seconds.

But why are you so sleepy and weird?

I'm tired right now.

Okay but you said you were gonna take me to the long term.

Ten seconds.

I just want you to know that everyone dies.

Wait.

Why are you talking about that daddy?

Five seconds.

And daddy.

And four.

Daddy.

Daddy wake up daddy.

Wake up.

You were talking about slow.

You fucking ass all daddy.

That is how we play.

Good question.

Woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah.

Shut up.

Which one's more annoying?

Alright this is indie 1013 one that's called the first one.

We're coming right back.

Chelsea.

That was a short one.

indie 1013 one.

That is Mark Rivers doing the Mr. Show theme which was a TV show that Bob Odenkirk was on and co-graded.

I missed that one.

What was that?

It was in the 90's.

Was it like a sitcom?

It's not the same time as two in a closet.

Yeah we'll see how it's busy doing two in a closet.

Bob if you really want to interject you could probably stop wandering around the studio and get next to a mic.

Tell me about this.

This um my master what's it?

Maester Shaw?

Oh Maester Shaw yeah Mrs. Howe I believe is what it's called.

I know.

Fuck it.

I was trying to.

So let's go back to Chelsea.

Yes Chelsea.

Chelsea you barely get to talk in between these two.

Chelsea.

I really I don't want to step on this chemistry.

Yeah they've known each other for a long time.

We got nothing.

Yeah we're good together.

I saw Chelsea on stage on Tuesday night.

Yes she was fantastic.

That honestly was my favorite part of the show.

Thank you.

And then I left early when the when the headliner came out I guess you would call him the headliner.

Sure.

And he's great and hysterical.

You know when Bob Louie C.K.

But I was getting tired and I had you know really I was it was fun watching you.

Thank you.

And then everybody else was like you know.

It's wonderful but he is a bit um he I have delicate sensibilities as you know.

He crosses the line a lot.

And he absol lutely crosses the line.

Well I heard he was fantastic and I now I wish I would have stayed.

But Chelsea was fun to watch.

He might have upset you Andy with some of his.

I doubt it.

As I was leaving he was talking about I could hear him in the background talking about the phrase Indian giver.

Yes.

That was funny.

Yeah.

A great part of his act.

Let's wait for him to get on the show before we talk about his shows.

Oh I have an idea.

Why don't we do the entourage recap of the week.

Let me let me set this up.

Oh no.

You watch that show.

Do you guys watch that show?

What I do here is I perform a public service which is a lot of people a lot of people don't get to watch the show entourage.

They have busy lives.

Andy is crazy.

I hate it.

They have busy lives.

They watch it.

You know have jobs.

Try to keep the table talk to a minimum Andy.

I'm trying to set this up.

I'm going to the bathroom.

Okay go to the bathroom.

Alright so a lot of people don't get the chance to watch entourage.

They have jobs.

They have kids.

They have taping.

Trips.

Tapes.

They have things they do on the weekend.

So what I try to do is I watch the show every week and I do a little recap here of what happened on it.

What happened to boomers this week?

The wild twisting plots of what.

Come on please Bob tell me you're kidding.

You know it's turtle.

You know it's E. You know it's Vincent.

And you know it's Kevin Dillon as Johnny drama.

Am I right?

So we all know that.

So a lot of people don't get to see it so here's a little segment on the show that we call entourage recap of the week.

They all played golf.

And that is the entourage recap of the week.

Was a fascinating episode.

Sorry you missed it.

Alright that's it.

That's it.

Yeah that will seem like much happened in that show.

Yeah it's kind of strange.

But how did drama do?

As I recall not too well.

How about turtle did he lose his ball?

Right right because if you know turtle you always losing his ball.

I love it.

Do something.

Okay here's a little something.

A lot of people try to send me music to play on the show because we play comedy songs and a lot of people are in comedy bands.

So there's one dude or two dudes I don't know they keep trying to have me play their songs and I'm just not sure about it.

And I've gone back and forth they sent me CDs.

I just don't know.

So what I thought we would do is we would do a little something Jonesy used to do on this very station which is Jukebox jury which is I'll play some of the song and then we'll talk about it and vote on it and see if we like it.

And what he used to do is he used to say something was pants or mustard.

Pants was Stephanie it was no good.

Pants was no what was mustard?

Pants is pants is bad.

Mustard is good.

And we will vote on it.

So this is a group called Pink Steel.

I believe they are from San Francisco and their press kit purports that they are a gay heavy metal band.

Track one.

Yeah.

Now we'll talk a little bit after we hear a little bit about what we think.

So let's listen to a little bit.

This is sausage party by Pink Steel.

Listen to this Andy and you just came back and listen to the song and we're going to vote on it.

I love sausages.

Okay here we go.

We're going to vote on it.

Mmm.
