Sarah Silverman, you know her from the Sarah Silverman program from comedy Kyle Dunnegan.

You know him as the host of Professor Blastoff, her co-host at the very least.

Did you know they kiss every once in a while? Well, they do . We're gonna talk about it all of that and more all on today's.

♪♪♪ You're gonna regret wearing a tux for this. Welcome to the show. It's Comedy Bang Bang.

Thanks for that. Cast-free submission. Carbon Boy 2000. Oh, Carbon Boy 2000. That's a movie I'd like to see. Carbon Boy 2000. That would be better than Blue's Brothers 2000. Welcome to the show.

This is Scott Ockermann. This is Comedy Bang Bang and it's a fine May afternoon. April flowers have surely brought May showers. Oh, bought May showers. And I have two fantastic guests sitting here in front of me. You know them as comic entities unto themselves. Sure. They have their own distinct separate personalities. Their genders happen to be opposite . One is a male, one is a female.

You just found that out. Right. And that actually came into play recently when they became romantically involved. I know. I didn't know where we were starting with this.

We're gonna lead with this. But we'll get to that. We'll get to that. Let me just explain who they are. First of all, to my left, he is one of the hosts of an ear-wool show Professor Blastoff, which he does with Tignarro and also David Humsberger. And his name is Kyle.

Yeah, no, I know. I thought you were like, I'm not sure his last name. Please jump in.

Please save me. Kyle done again to his immediate left, also sitting across from me diagonally. You know her from comedy and being a comedian.

Comedian, sorry.

The Sarah Silverman program and multiple things. I did two parts of our track for Voyager. That's true. What were you mainly known for? I was a scientist in a half-shirt.

Which I just thought is really good. You can see it on YouTube. YouTube. What kind of scientists were you? In a SETI lab in Griffith Park in 1997 . Oh, it was one of the time traveling ones. When you say a SETI lab. SETI, star. Search for extraterrestrial intelligence.

Then you found some, right? And then she fell in love with one of the aliens, right?

Yeah. Then at the end when we say goodbye, he's on an apple box.

Which alien? Say goodbye to say hello to Saturn for me.

It's dumb because they have wide shots where he's clearly shorter and then at the end he's like a foot higher than us. Was it one of the regular aliens or was it? No, he was like the captain. Not the captain. The ship was Kate Mulgrew currently in the NTSR.

Oh, he was from the FELG. LGBT.

Q. S-U-V. Starting Paul Sheer. So, yeah, I don't remember that show, but that sounds great.

Did you have to study for anything? Did you study to become a scientist? No, it was like one of my first acting jobs when I got an acting coach and then he was like some fancy acting coach and then he's looking at the script and finally he just goes, you know, sometimes when you're running from lasers, you just have to pretend you're running from lasers. There's nothing to draw from in your history. Oh, man, that's it. Were you a Trek-E, a trekker?

I watched Star Trek Next Generation with my stepbrother.

TNG. What? The next generation. They put her in an outfit that looked like a Star Trek outfit, which was weird. I bet it's true. It looked like a Star Trek uniform.

Like their wardrobe department didn't have any other types of outfit. They just didn't have anything else. We have a V-neck with the V as a different color than the rest of the shirt.

Yeah. Tell me, think about that. It must have been a real challenge for the costume department that week. They're just not used to it. Like just getting people wearing polo shirts.

Surely they can run out to forever 21 and grab a little something.

Half-shirt though, huh? Yeah, it was like, showed a little belly and a big like, bra, you know. What year was this, would you say? 1997. Wow . Big bras were in.

I have, you know, I haven't been paying attention to the differences between bra styles between the decades. Really? Yeah. When you say big bra, what does that mean?

It was a bra that made my boobs even bigger. All right. The Wonder bra years.

Oh, I see. Do people not use those anymore? Did they go out of fashion?

No, but I mean, they gave me basically like, I got like, cool-ops.

Do they put like, cutlets in there? Yeah, yeah. I did. Why would they be so concerned with that?

Yeah, I already have big boobs. No, but we want them bigger because you're playing a scientist.

Scientists have really big boobs. That's why they become scientists to figure out why they have them.

Kyle, you're the co-host of Professor Blastoff, which is a great show. Everyone should be listening to that show. It's not just a comedy show. It has three comedians at the helm, but you talk about- But not Ed Helms. No, Ed Helms is not a part of it. Would you like to get Ed Helms on it at some point?

I love Ed Helms. We've had a few run-ins with Ed Helms. We sent him like five emails in a row.

He and his girlfriend Sarah, they said they'd drive us home from a party because we walked there and we underestimated how far and cold it was. He looked small on a map.

But then like, we wanted to go and they were still like chatting. So we just thought like, fuck this and we walked home. And then he emailed and was like, did you guys really leave? And then we sent him like five videos within like five minutes and they were half of them were musicals.

We wrote songs without the impressive how quickly we wrote new songs. We did it so fast. But he didn't get them for hours later. So I just looked like we were working for hours. His mailbox just was just full of like us singing songs about why didn't you drive us home.

So yeah, do you have them on your phone? Yes. I'd like El ton. I'd love to hear one of those musicals if you have one. But they have to be somewhere in my phone.

I'll just search while we're talking about everything. All right, do a search. But pay attention as well, you know, do it like one eye on search. But then he sent us that song back and we just went with that app. Yeah, it was good too.

Only you realize we knew about the app. What kind of apps are you guys using? Songify. What? It turns words into songs. I've never heard of this before. Why aren 't I using this? Sounds like you have heard of it. Oh my god. It's amazing. Really? Well, when you guys get this new app, why aren't I the first person that you contact? Are you making fun of us? I'm not making. No, this is right at my app.

I just showed you a new app that you weren't impressed. You probably knew about that one. No, I wasn't impressed. But I wanted to sort of make it seem like I knew about it. Like, oh cool. But I didn't think it was cool. I didn't let on. Yeah, yeah. I did think you were cool. So now that you say you didn't. I know. Oh, I never sent this. The short answers I'd like at home on the show. All right, so look for that. What are some of the topics you talk about on the show? Well, I like it because you learned something. Not that learning sounds fun, but I 'm interested in science and space and why, you know, the space between. Why boobs are big. Yes.

So we should have that scientist on your show. Yeah. We have, yeah, like really interesting people on and a lot of them have no sense of humor.

So it gets this environment like we feel like we're like the bad kids in class and they're trying to like calm us and, you know, get their point out. I found , I'm sorry, I found Ed Helms's response, at least. All right, I'm sure you wouldn't like a little bit of it. Oh, we got a plug here. All right. I like it. Can I? Yeah, hold on positive. You would.

I know the suspense is killing you listeners, but we're going to back it up and we're just got to plug it. But you really have to hear all the stuff we sent them. All right. Sarah and Kyle, I just checked my email and oh my God, there are so many videos. It's out of control. It's completely out of control. I've called the police.

I want to make sure that you stop sending videos because it 's becoming crazy. You guys are fantastic dancers, but you're wasting your talent by making late night videos and sending them to me.

Keep dancing. You're fantastic at that. It's becoming crazy . You guys are fantastic dancers, but you're wasting your talent by making late night videos and.

Is that seems like enough time, right? That's pretty good.

And what did he do? He just recites that into the thing and it turns it into me. Oh, yeah, you really have. I really have no idea.

You think I'm being sarcastic. Oh, I did. I thought you'd be like that was like last year.

That keep dancing your fit. I don't know what just happened . Do I seem uncool now that I don't know what this app is? No, I know it's far. I know I'm confused. I don't know. Maybe this is like a double like in our face. I know what the app is. No, I don 't. You'll never know. You'll never know.

No. All right, let's talk about it. Let's talk about it.

You guys are lovers.

This is like we have a sample of like if you want to get into our relationship.

Yep. Okay. Like something we do. So like a slice of life if you guys could be a fly on the wall.

Okay. Okay. We're on the couch alone.

All right. Which thing? Okay.

Hang it out. Watch and TV. Yeah, I'm gonna you're gonna get in the butt tonight.

No. Yeah, you are. No, I don't do that. You're gonna do it tonight. Right.

Okay. No, I don't want to. I had seen.

Just constant bits. No, I don't want to. What I feel like you guys sort of sparked your romance right here in this very room.

In this very room. He was sitting in your seat. And she was sitting here. And wait, should I sit in your seat and then something else can happen? I was talking about embarrassing things to surprise. What were you talking about?

This was on a show. You were recording Professor Blastoff and Sarah, Sarah, I'm sorry. You were a guest. Would you say Sarah then you corrected yourself with Sarah? You were a guest. Sarah.

I was telling this story about how I was at the wedding with my mother and she was like, go dance with that girl. Go ask that girl to dance. And for some, I don't know why at this age I was listening to my mother, but like I did. How old was it? I was too old. I was too old. I was in my twenties. But like, you know, she was attractive. And I don't know what. Who mother? Yeah. Mother. So I get on the, this is so embarrassing. But we start dancing.

And so you did ask her and she. Yes, I can't believe it.

And I knew instinctively it was a bad idea to ask a girl to dance. What's wrong? Yeah. Well, it's just not, there's been experiences in my past where I just didn't go well. And I felt this like humiliation coming on. So we're dancing. And then suddenly like, I like, what happens to a guy sometimes happened? What? And I'm, you get a great job. You have paid 100% on the dollar, 100 cents on the dollar. I'm on the dance floor. And it's a crowded, but then suddenly everybody leaves and it's a slow song. And it's just us. And then my mother and her mother just staring at us. Everybody needs a little time away.

Basically. Boner. And she knew it. She knew it. So I ended up being, thinking of my head like, I might as well just tell her and she can help me out. What ? Dance floor. Oh no. I am. You're in your twenties and getting surprised. Boners. Yeah. Well, I had like, it got linked up in my head, slow songs. When I was in eighth grade, like that's the first time like I noticed girls hips were wider and it like linked up something like slow dancing. I 'm over it now. But like, it happened for a while. Telling the story, I'm sweating. The keen never gets boners from slow dance.

So what did she say when you told her? She kind of, she was very cool and she kind of laughed. And then she kind of helped me off the dance floor . And I just so humiliated. And then, I mean, the story continues. We're like, she asked me to some Halloween party. Oh, so she was turned on by the body. I don't know about. I would say she was a, she must have been 100% turned on.

I'm sure she's asking you to some Halloween party. She's looking for some costume that's going to disguise the boner. So you can have it all night long.

When I got there, I first of all, just common sense, right? That's what Halloween parties are for. I had boner disguising costumes. What's your boner like? So I got there on time because I didn't really know about LA. You don't get there on time. And it was just her and her two friends.

I was in this giant like dumb outfit. Well, where is the universe? I would drive.

What are you doing? You got to dress up like Marlon Brando in the wild bunch.

Now bunch, wild ones. I had like an all black outfit and like glue, like it was Velcroed little planets. I know women know how to do Halloween. They don't, they don't do stuff like that. Were you sexy universe? In short shorts? I'm sweating right now.

So then I, I get it. I opened the door and I went to hug her and I knocked over this, this skeleton on the wall with your boner with it. And then immediately her dog ran up and like bit Venus off my leg and took off. The crazy thing was his boner was Uranus.

Hard to figure out. At least the dog Venus and not Yapenas.

We'll be right back.

But the end of the story, call us on the line right now. I have, I have so many more, but the end of the, just to the end of the story, this guy was in the van and uh, wait, this guy was in the van? What are you talking about? When did the van come into the van? We all got to like two vans. I was not with her anymore. She was in the other van. I don't know where we went. I remember where we went, but you were in the van with the guy. Was it like a bunch of guys? Like frat guys? All her friends were like, mead had frat guys and uh, we were sick. We were the universe. Yeah, they were all like, all like, ghost busters.

Right. They had the universe. We had a lifter. We had a lif ter. And then like, I just had a hat.

And then I was like this huge outfit. So um, no one talked me all night. I was trying to make friends. I was new to LA and then um, finally goes, Hey, can I ask you a question? I was like, Oh, he's like interested. He goes, are you a faggot? Oh, and then I was like, well, I'm actually, I'm here because I got a giant boner because you're from.

So proof. Anyway, that's proof. That's what, that's what got the serenade. That's who would the who the fuck would ask someone that horrible person? What a terror. And so, Denise, not, you know, so when you hung out with him in the future, though, we became really good friends. Yeah.

God, that's a terrible story.

I have a lot of those kinds of stories, but you're, you're kind of a nerd then is what you're trying to say. Well, a little bit. Yeah. He's a hip nerd.

You know how everybody.

Really? When you're dressing up like the cosmos, what's going through your mind of like her reaction to it? Like, Oh my God, I'm going to get so laid tonight. I don't know what.

What was she dressed like? She was just like a hot one nurse or something.

I love you doing. How did you, how then did you ever make this happen with Sarah?

Well, Sarah, I think Sarah took pity. She heard this story.

I thought that was, I just, I don't know. I thought it was adorable because Sarah, you 're at, you're at a point in your life where you're no longer concerned with those guys who are dressing up like Ghostbusters and being cool and you know, you want cool guys. No, you want something with them. I've done cool. I mean, come on. Let's go the other way. But no, it's, but he told that story. Is that, is that your first memory of Kyle or what? I mean, I've known Kyle for a while and we had co-produced a pilot for TIG no tarot together. So a lot of time spent in the editing room and um, but you know, and then, I sat on her dog once in the editing room. That was really a bad move, I think.

We, and then I did their podcast and I took notice. I was, I took notice.

What was going on? I was like, Kyle, Kyle, Kyle is so cute.

This by the way is, I think, our first dating special. I'm going to label this the dating special because we've never talked about dating to this extent on the show. It's kind of a fascinating topic. Yeah. What, what was Kyle, was he wearing something? What was going on? What, I was aware of like flexing my, the arms she could see. Yeah, big arms. You're kind of, you know, he has, he has a lot of upper body strength.

What's, what do you bench? I don't feel like I look big at all. I feel like I'm a small person.

No, no, no. How you, how you, look at me as a big guy. How you way, bro?

Away. Uh, away. Uh, my way, like 150. Yeah. Yeah. What do you bench?

The bench like four, 10, four, 10. Is that true? No, no.

How could that be true? I don't know.

I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I've actually never checked. I don't bench because the angle on the shoulders. You're like, you're, you're sort of like a guy in a wheelchair. You have an enormous body and then just a little skinny sticker . I have the legs of a 12 year old girl, but they're strong. They're dense. Um, no, you, you know, you have, I mean, you're a, you're a, yeah, I don't view you as a small guy. Really? You was like a jock guy. So that's what's so surprising to hear your nerdy stories of just moving here and not knowing how to socialize.

It's funny. I don't, I grew up very small. So I don't perceive myself as a jock guy.

What happened? When did you develop? I'm going to save that question for Sarah. Sorry. Okay.

Sarah, when did you develop? I was old. I was little. I grew up little. Yeah. So you grew up as little people. So you have that. We call it whittle people.

Harris Whittles people. Um, we actually saw Harris Whittles family and they're all wh ittle. So what, uh, how long, how long has this been now? We're, bear in mind, it's May 28th. Eight, nine months. Like eight months.

November, October, November. Let's see. Let's say October, November, December, January, February, March, April, May, eight months. Eight months, which is a long time. You know what I mean?

Hey, right. What do you, how do you see the future, uh, progressing? I see this.

Baby really soon. Probably a baby within the next couple of months. I did. I'm sorry. You don't see that? Oh, you see the baby being delivered in a couple of months? Yeah. I don't know.

You don't see that going in time. I don't know how it works . I just thought that'd be fun.

It is there is, uh, you know, is there a proposal in the future? We were really this. Kyle, you contacted me. Good time to say Sarah really enjoyed our time together.

And, uh, would you make me the second happiest man in the world? Who's the happiest? My brother is a really great wife. Oh, yeah. Fantastic. Knuckles. What is your, what, what is it like for two comedians to date each other? Do you just make each other laugh all day? What's it like for two comedians to be married to each other, Scott? Well, I'll tell you, it's the greatest feeling in the world because anytime I'm down, she just picks me right up and makes me laugh. And then anytime she's down, I annoy her. Works out. Well, we like sometimes talk, like, we'll like finish each other's sentences. Like, we'll like be saying something and then I'll finish off my sentence.

I'm really bad at it. I know. Are you doing it to me? You 're pretty good at it. No, you're not not good at it. So it's like, you know, we start to like uncanny really do things together.

I can't do that. How do they do that? I'm saying I'm laughing. It's so good. I can't even get close to the words. About what's your lovemaking ritual? What we do is he circles me four times.

And that's when I know that that is going down. I'll just raise my hand.

Starts. I don't think I've ever had two people who were in a relationship on the show together.

It's uncomfortable. I mean, I don't know. It's um, what's our ritual?

It's on. We kind of mix it up, I think. Yeah, like I'm sleeping and then I like feel something on my butt. You feel that's slow dance boner?

Mother says and then what are the other says twice? I went home with them for Christmas like four weeks since it's dating. She killed. She told my village old aid story.

What is that? Everybody knew that he thought he had AIDS when he lost the virginity.

And it was like a shock to the whole family. I had AIDS. It was back when AIDS was really huge, you know, really like front cover of Time Magazine.

And I was a virgin. No one had stuck the ear. Yeah. No one ever did that to me. And so I was in college and this girl just basically took me and like had sex and it was really quick.

I'd cut my finger. There was something weird in her vagina that like it was like a hard thing. It's a G spot. Oh, tooth.

Yeah, it was like a tooth. It really was. So I thought like I hurt my penis and then above her bed was a skull and crossbones and like I suddenly after I was over was like, oh my god, I just got AIDS. This girl for once she was 21, which is so old. And then to have sex with me, she must be like having sex with a bunch of guys and then you couldn't get tested back then easily. So it was like a year went by. You couldn't just go out of the closet. No, you would like those.

That was before that. They made it so difficult. And like I started getting jaundiced from like the anxiety of thinking I'd AIDS. And then there was a Billy Joel concert and I got to like the front row and then I was really scared. Is that responsible for a man who's HIV positive?

Did he get into the front row? Didn't you run out of the room and say, they love AIDS. Basically called her and told her shit AIDS . What? I overreacted. I was a child.

How did she take the news? I'm sure she was horrified and embarrassed and then she stopped going, I feel terrible now. Did you ever speak to her again? No, no, no. But there's a positive thing in this because having AIDS got me to do something. I was at the Billy Joel concert. I was too scared to jump up and I thought my head, hey, I'm dying of AIDS anyway. Jump up on stage. So I jumped up on stage. That's the one thing you would do if you had AIDS . Well, it's on my bucket list. It is on the Billy Joel concert. I bought it on Amazon. What? You can see him. Which one? He was like taught and T-shirt into his jeans. 1990. AIDS written. And just it's so funny. And I have my phone.

And you jump up on stage and do what? I pat him on the back . I said like nice job. And he was like, hey, thanks. And then I'm behind him. There's this six foot five giant man that I think is going to kill me. And I'm like, please don't hurt me. I'm like doing this dance behind Billy Joel.

What song? It was right at the end. He just finished. Oh, okay. And a man or something. But it's on YouTube or something like someone put it up. That's insane.

It's weird. All 100% of that stories and say I know. I'm not I'm not proud of it. Where did you grow up? Sarah, enough talking to you. What happened to you? I don't know. Were you homes chooled? I feel like I was homeschooled. I had a very present overbearing mother. Mother. Mother says I'm the most handsome boy in the world.

Like for instance. Oh, which one? When a boy is 12. Oh, right. He wants to play sports. He wants to light bottle rockets. He doesn't go take tap and jazz with his mother.

Some I'm not saying it was me, but some boys do that. And they're forced to.

Does it? Yeah, they trust that when their mother thinks that's the right thing to do.

Yeah, or like ask a girl to dance or whatever they do what their mother says. And then they go to therapy and they learn that that's not right. And then they put boundaries on their mother.

And what kind of boundaries do you have right now? Right now she's not allowed to tell me what I should do. Okay, that's a boundary. How involved is she in your life? Well, you know, she doesn't like we talk like maybe like three times a week, but it's brief.

I think it's, you know, it's nice. I don't know. I mean, another society's or another culture.

She's a little child caller. She's alone. And he's a good son. That's nice. We don't have long talks from like Sarah said this and I feel like we I just told you how are you? How's everything?

That's nice. Yeah, that's that's a lot of people could learn from you. I check in. But sometimes when she gets like, you know, she wants to over mother, I have to like give her the boundary.

And she's very good about it, actually. Yeah, what do you say to that? I'll be like that. I'm, you know, at an age where like, I don't want you to be telling me what I should or shouldn't.

I'm at that age where I'm going gray and it's ridiculous. I 'm even talking to you.

People say I should never call you again. So you're lucky to get this.

How does she does she approve of Sarah? Oh, she loves Sarah . As I said, she killed. I really, I really killed in the home visit. When you break the news to your mother. And you got, yeah, save that. I just want to add she also got them like everybody. Really nice gifts for Christmas.

Gifts, GIF? Yeah. All all your pictures. And my last girlfriend did not. Oh, yeah. Really?

Yeah. No, so she brought maybe cookies that I had to tell her to bring. So you call up mother.

When I say mother, it's Kyle, your baby. What about, what about father?

Is he, he passed away in 99. I'm so sorry. Way to bum out the whole.

All right. But you know, circle alive. Yeah. So when you call up mother and you say, mother, I have a new girlfriend and you're about to break the news that in by all accounts, Sarah is a, she has a level of fame. Not every, I don't know that not everyone in the world would know, but yeah. She's heard of me, right? What's that? Yeah. She, she loved her from the Matt Damon.

She didn't. Okay. So she's on that end of the spectrum.

Yeah.

Of she hears Sarah Silverman and she thinks she knew. Oh, great. Of her. I, I said, I first said, mother, you'll never guess. But she didn't, she didn't know and like, you know, her, like level of fame. Like she's okay. What level is that?

Yeah. What level is that? That's pretty much it. I like circle. Internet video. I think she thought like, yeah, but she didn't really should have show and stuff like that. Okay. I do. But she Googled her. I don't know what Google do. And then so, so she's proud then. She, she thinks that's great because, you know, parents can react different ways when you, you say, hey, I 'm dating someone who's well known.

They can be like, I don't know about that from my, my child . I don't know if, you know, I mean, what kind of she said the word, I think she said the word Jude in a couple times.

She did use that, but in like a positive way. Jude didn't.

And it, what about your religious differences? How does that come into play? I don't feel like we have religious differences, but I was brought up. We're both nothing. You were both ag nostic. Yeah. So, right? So do you, when you both died, do you hope that you are both reunited somewhere or you think that's it?

I think it's dirt nap. Yeah, dirt nap. Which I'm practicing . We nap a lot. Yeah. We nap like, puppies like, like really tired. I wish I could do that. I wish I had a life of leisure like you guys have. You're working hard now. Yeah. Well, we kind of wish we had shows like you do. So perfect.

So what are you getting on? Which June 8th? I can't wait.

So good. It's one of the greatest regrets of my life, Sarah, by the way, that you cannot be on my show. One of mine too, as you know, you were, you were, you were scheduled, as they say in Britain. And then you had to drop out because of my dumb pilot got moved and I was unable to. Do you regret it? Do you regret making that pilot now? Because you had to drop out of my show? Yeah, because I didn't get to be in an episode of Comedy Bang Bang. But I hope I will be asked again for season two. Season two, I hope so too.

That I got to see the first episode. I assume it's going to be the first episode. And it's the best show I've ever seen. Oh my gosh. Thank you so much.

Well, I'll have some news about how you can see episode two coming up in the plug segment because that's streaming online right now.

But why don't we take a break? And when we come back, we'll have more Kyle, more Sarah. And this is a little bit from Sarah Silverman program. And we will be right back after this. Comedy Bang Bang. It was brown and it had raisins. And we flushed it for those reasons. This is a poop song.

This is a poop song. I was walking to the mall and I had to make a poop. This is a poop song.

This is a poop song. We pooped at the mall today. We pooped at the mall.

Middle flat. Comedy Bang Bang. We are back here with Sarah Silverman. Kyle had to take a break.

He went to go move the car. He got a booner. He got a bo oner. Booner.

Sarah, what's going on? It's May 28 at this point. We know if your show, NBC show is picked up or not.

Just to kind of tell you what's going on, we're taking this a little bit in advance of that news.

So why don't we tape two different responses from you? That 's a great idea. One that where it did get picked up and you're very happy and one where it didn't get picked up and starting now.

God, they picked us up and we're really excited. We start working on the scripts and NBC's been so supportive and it's just like a real family.

Okay. And if it doesn't get picked up.

You know what? They didn't pick it up and I'm so glad because it just wasn't a fit there. It was like we made like a cable show for NBC, which is what they asked for. But then I think they panicked and you know, I can't see. No, but you know, they really were a joy and it's like, I think everything worked out the way it was supposed to. All right . We'll just pick whichever one happens and that'll be great. And I'm excited to join the crew at Comedy Bang Bang and I have seen.

Yeah, we'll see you next season. Yeah, well, you'll be a regular every. Yeah. Well, what character do you want to play? I'll play the, um, the chair , the Jewish chair. Yeah, like, you know how Pee Wee Herman is cherry? Yeah. Yeah. I'll be.

Jerry. Jerry. You just see like, uh, when you look at me, you just see like a big yellow Jewish star, right? Yeah, I just see the girl in Schindler's list. All you see is my nose, even though it's not even Jewish. You have a Jewier nose. I do. Yeah. I've been tired with that brush many times. A lot of people like walking by, they ask me, are you Jewish or they go, are you Russian?

Really? Yeah, I had a like, I used to live in a Russian neighborhood and like Russian people would come over to me all the time and go Russian.

Like they wanted to chat about something. I don't know. I don't know. What are Russian people talking about on the street? I have no idea. I don't know. I got a, um, dollar a minute massage at a, oh, you guys want some sodas? We got in your soda machine and jackass if you guess on its, uh, oh, hey, Craig. Uh, no, we're, we're in the middle of the, we're good. All right. Sorry. We're good with sodas. Okay. Let's do this water. Craig, you didn't, you didn't leave. I guess it's only because there, there's ice. I could have sodas with ice in it. So I don't know if that makes it more.

Sorry. Is there a straw? I could go get you guys a straw.

Do you want some food and drag? I, we've already disrupted the flow of the show. I could get a, like a piece of paper and making dress circle. So it's like a straw, make your guess home, it's dress. Um, Craig, do you mind shutting that door behind you if you're going to sit down and put on headphones?

What's going on here? I guess we got a brand new soda machine. I haven't been able to use it yet because nobody wants any soda. So I swindering, maybe if you guys don't want soda, I could still bring you guess some soda or you want to, yeah, you could get your self-asota. Yeah, what about your stuff? I've had a bunch of sodas already. That's why I 'm a little excited. Why haven't you used the machine? If you've had a bunch of soda, did you bring him from home? I, no, I, I've had, I haven't been able to get anybody soda except myself, which doesn't count. Oh, okay. That's not in the wind column for you. Why don't I just get your guess ? Couple of sodas. I'll bring him in here.

No, I don't think so. I, I, neither of us drink soda. Yeah, I'll be back. I'll be back at that second. I'm a Mormon. I'll be right back with a couple of, you don't have to drink him. I'll just be back with him. Okay. All right. Sorry about that, Sarah.

That's Craig. He works for earwalf. He's just over there in the kitchenette. Just kind of tending to , oh, you know, there's just real quick before I, shut the door. Shut the door. Sorry. It really, it's real. I, I, before I get the sodas, there's um, there's also some snacks, some, some crackers and good things. Yeah, we know everything that's over there. And it's, it's laid out for the guests. All right. We know everything.

All right. Is that what you do? You lay it out? You lay all this stuff out for the guests? Yeah, I bring out just snacks and stuff. I feel like maybe I should get another job here because no one, no one's taking to my job here. Is that all you do here?

Yeah, I just snacks and sodas.

And who hired you? I just, I'm volunteering here. Oh, okay.

He's one of our interns. Yeah. Okay.

I don't know the comes and, comings and goings here between our employees. I don't work in HR.

Sometimes I, people ask me to move cars, but I can't drive.

But sometimes I do it anyway.

Ah, yeah. What, uh, what? Are you getting like a college credit for this? I'm not, I've dropped out of school. I'm home and scold. You're home.

Would you say home? Home scold. Home scold. Yeah. My mom teaches me. Oh, okay. Yeah. But you still, you're, how old are you? I'm 36. Is it homeschooled college or? Yeah. I'm graduate. I dropped out of homeschool, home, homeschool high school. Oh, okay. And then you picked it back up again?

8th grade took me at like 10 years. Oh, well, what, what in particular was the trouble?

Well, there is the main problem was math and, and the science and the reading and it crafts.

How's P for you? P with the problem. Oh, that one was a real tough one. Yeah. What were you, what was the sport you were playing? Racquetball or? We're paying dodgeball. What's my mom?

So she wouldn't, she wouldn't pass you because she, she was always hitting you with the ball.

You weren't able to dodge it? Yeah, I wasn't able to dodge it. That seems a little cruel of her to, to, you know, make you retake 8th grade so many times just because she's throwing a dodgeball at you. It, I guess. I mean, I've never talked about this before. Now that you say it out loud, it does seem a little bit cruel. Well, I was actually wondering about that because maybe I could do something else here that requires more, more smarts. Oh, I mean, you know, I'm always on the lookout for someone with, who desires upward mobility. I feel like I have some on air talents.

On air? Oh, okay. So I'm getting the picture. This is why you came in here. You're not really interested in the soda machine. But it's more of a soda slash audition. Ah, soda slash audition.

All right. Well, what, what, what, how do you see yourself fitting into the comedy bang bang program?

Just sort of doing different voices and impressions. Oh, like I do a lot of impressions. Oh, great.

You could just shout someone out. I probably can do them.

Just shout anyone out. All right.

Orson Wells. Just shout anybody, just other people. Oh, it 's just someone different.

Like a cowboy. Yeah, like a cowboy. Oh, okay. Cowboy. That 's what I'm saying. A cowboy. Cowboy.

All right. What's going on? My cowboy nits is my horse.

This is your horse or Morris? What did you say? My horse, my horse. This is Morris, Morris. That was pretty good. I guess. I don't know.

I do. I do a person have my mom. Oh, okay. I'd love to hear that. Oh, yeah. I woke her up at four in the morning. All right. Let's hear it. This is, uh, my impression. Craig's mom.

Four in the morning. Four in the morning. Craig, what is this? This is four in the morning.

No, that's ridiculous. Go back to sleep. It was four in the morning. That was really good.

I'd love to hear the other side of that conversation. What were you saying to her?

What was so ridiculous? I said, hey, my goodness. I had a dream that was an alligator under my bed.

And then she says, her, it's ridiculous. And then she told me to go back to bed.

And you said, I said, all right. See you tomorrow at school .

How many hours a day are you in school? Well, I got a school probably like six, seven hours.

And then I usually get bad. I usually get detention, but it 's at the same place.

Intention. What is going on with your mother here? What is she doing during detention? Like, do you have to sit there still with your head down or is she throwing dodge balls at you?

She does dodge balls. She makes me face the wall. And then she just throws, she'll make up like a meatloaf and then just put it on, put it on top of my head.

On top of your head, Craig, just leave it there. A hot meat loaf? A hot meatloaf.

I was wondering why you have so many scars on your, I mean, you're a 36 year old man. And I, I mean, you have a receding hairline. Can you get charged with abuse of your 36 year old son?

Like, can you? I think you can charge anyone with abuse for anything. Can't you? I mean, Craig, do you do any other impressions? I do, I do a Bel mont impression.

Oh, okay. So this is someone famous. This, this, then we can gauge exactly how accurate it is.

Okay. It's Belmont, guys.

Well, if you think you're one of those people, who isn't one of those people, you're wrong.

Okay. You don't think you do what they do. You do. You hate your life. You hate your family.

You hate God. That's right. I said it. You hate God.

Otherwise you wouldn't be doing what you've been doing, which is exactly what those people do. Okay. Oh , wow. That one was really good, Craig.

I had no idea you had that in you. I mean, that's uncanny.

That's fantastic.

Thanks. My mom thinks it sucks.

Your mom, I don't think your mom has an accurate perspective on, on, you know, your personality.

Like she's your teacher, your homeschool teacher, but I feel like she is keeping you like delinquent, like she's infant infant. Infantilizing you. Yeah. Yeah.

Are you guys sick? Can you regret saying that about my mom?

Why? What do you mean?

Because someone tell her he said that. What do you. Okay.

She's gonna come down here.

She's coming down here. Well, what? A bunch of dodgeballs.

Should I get you guys the sodas? Yeah, I would. I could have if there's like an orange or grape soda.

There's a lock on that door. Yeah, I would love a soda if you could, if you don't mind.

Very guess. Okay.

Yeah, I'll lock it in. Sarah, do you write by a demon? Yeah . Who was that? Here I go. Hey, Kyle.

That guy was weird. Yeah. Did you pass him in the hall?

Yeah. He was a weirdo.

He seemed to have very similar mother issues to you though.

I have to say. Yeah. Oh my God.

This show is very mother-centric. Okay. Well, there's a new feature that I'd love to play here on the show if you guys are game for it. It's a little something that we like to call Panzer shorts. Oh. Sorry. No, this is jeans or shorts. Is that right? What's it called?

Shorts or jeans. That's what it's called. That's the title of the song reminded me. It's called Shorts or jeans. All right. Here we go. This is Shorts or jeans.

What's going to happen is I'm going to do a character for you. And you guys have to guess and take bets on whether this character is wearing shorts or jeans. All right. So you guys know how to play, right? It's pretty simple. Seems you and your head know whether it's Shorts or jeans.

Yeah. And you'll hopefully you'll be able to tell by the way I do the character.

Zero. And then how do we say it? Do we like you'll want it at a time? I'll alternate, but one at a time you're going to you're going to take bets. Shorts or jeans. Shorts or jeans. Here we go.

All right. This one's a layup. All right. Hey, bro. Hang 10 . Hang loose and 10 on a surfboard, bro. All right. So don't don't blur that out loud because I 'm going to alternate.

Kyle, what do you mean? Obviously, shorts. Shorts. Sarah. I 'm going shorts.

You both are correct. That care. That was an easy one.

Right. Wearing shorts. Yeah.

As opposed to jeans. Otherwise, because it could be like a wetsuit. Yeah. Well, anything that is cut off above the knee, I consider that to be shorts. I don 't consider Bermuda shorts to be shorts. Oh, yeah. So that that's her for though. He's definitely he's wearing a wetsuit or he's wearing a swim trunk of some sort. All right. That was his.

Okay. All right. So here we go.

Here's the number two. Oh, hello. I didn't see you standing there.

Well, come on in, I guess. Well, I am having a party after all.

All right, Sarah. I'm going to go jeans. Jeans. You think jeans? All right, Kyle?

It's interesting because he sounded hoity toity and jeans aren't hoity toity, but I'm going to have to go with uptight jeans covering most of his body.

Yeah, with a tucked in shirt. So sorry you both are wrong.

He's wearing shorts. He was having a luau party, a Hawaiian themed luau party. Yeah. Sorry about that, guys. Neither of you score a point on that one, but the good news is you're still tied.

Where did we get the luau? I mean, normally though he'd be wearing jeans, but this special for a party. Yeah, normally for a party, he'd be wearing a slack, maybe a docker. But this is a special Hawaiian themed summer party. And so Did you hint there was a Hawaiian themed party or? I think that was pretty good. Okay, for my voice.

All right, so number three. All right, here we are. Oh, my goodness. Hello. I didn't see you standing there. Well, come on in. I'm I am having a party after all. All right, Kyle, you're your first thing. Thanks for being in that bell. Anyway, I don't think that man would wear jeans.

Shorts, I guess you're going shorts. I know it seems like he wouldn't wear shorts either though, but all right. So shorts is your answer. Yeah. All right, Sarah, that's a leather daddy. I'm going to go shorts. You're going shorts. You are both correct. He was having a luau party.

It's another luau party. They're very fashionable this year . Wow. Okay, so if it's a party, it's probably a luau party. That time you sold the party a lot better. I'm but you both have two points, but I'm going to give you a little tip. You can't just keep agreeing with each other because neither of you will win unless that's sort of are you not competitive in that matter. Like we kind of think a lot like the same thing. So it's going to happen.

We're going to pick the same stuff. Okay.

All right. All right. Well, this is the last one. This is the last question in jeans or shorts.

All right. All right. So you guys ready for this? Mm hmm.

Oh boy. New York City. I love living here.

Well, guess I'll walk outside my house now and go to my job on the construction site.

All right. Jeans are shorts. Jeans are shorts. Sarah, we're going to go to you first.

Jeans are shorts. That was an impression of Brett Gellman.

If it were Brett Gellman, it would be more like this. Wow.

Human garbage.

Side. Side bet. What is Brett Gellman? Where do you think jeans are shorts?

Well, he wears white pants that Chinik said lays out for him.

I want to say jeans, but I'm going to say shorts. Shorts.

All right. So you you know how this works, Kyle? If you agree with her, you 're going to end up tied no matter what. So if you want to take a lot of pressure, I did not agree with her. I feel I'm a little confused because he lives in New York City, but he left his house. Mm hmm. There's very few houses there. Right. New York City. Maybe that's a clue. Maybe.

Maybe. I'm going to go with jeans.

You're going to jeans. So you're disagreeing. I disagree.

Well, guys, that was a trick question.

He's wearing jean shorts. You both. You both got it wrong.

So you end up right. Or right, but it doesn't matter. It ends up with a tie. And that's how you play jeans or shorts.

That is a new regular segment. I've ever seen a new regular segment.

All right. Let's go do a break when we come back. We'll have more Sarah Silverman more, Kyle, down again. We'll be right back. Comedy, bang, bang.

And so this is the moment where I face my world and there's nothing left to save me now and nothing to defend. Spirit change. No. It's funny how I once considered earthly things a goal.

My life is done and now I'm one with every living soul. You don't have any spirit change. No, don't be a dick.

Comedy, bang, bang. We are back and we're back here with Sarah and Kyle had to leave the room again.

I don't know what's going on, but anyway, that gives me an opportunity to what were you talking about when when when Craig interrupted you? Oh, gee, I didn 't know I remember. I don't know.

The train of thought seems to have left the station. When I um, when I when I was walking in, there was a lady on the phone and she um, Kyle and I were walking and we overheard her say, the nursery is haunted. I need the ghost out of the house and out of the nursery before the baby comes. You think she's talking about like a plant nursery?

No. Oh, no. Well, because didn't she?

She said something about it. You said she said something about a baby, but I didn't put two and two together. Yeah. Huh. It was really weird to walk by.

She was like sitting on the floor on the hallway or on the floor. Yeah. This seems like a true story . This isn't a setup for something where true story. This is some funny stuff. Hey, we don't always have to be funny on this show.

You know, I like to see the tears behind the clouds. Excuse me. Uh, does anybody here have any quarters? I'm trying to excuse me. Sorry. I was just getting to the tears of a clown.

I'm sorry to interrupt, but I do have a, I'm trouble getting some money out of the ATM over there.

Very confusing. Well, it takes, you don't get. Yeah, you don't get quarters out of an ATM.

You don't get quarters. You get $20.00 bills. I have a couple quarters. Oh, I want to thank you, sweetheart. You don't get quarters out of those though. I, there used to be an ATM right, uh, where I used to go to college that would give you five dollar, five dollar bills, which is the, because if you ever had like under $20 in your account and you need to access it, this is before every place took ATMs, by the way, ATM cards. It was impossible. You'd have like $18 sitting there that you couldn't get to, but this ATM, they gave you five dollar increments.

It was really nice. I remember a time when $18. Goodbye you a house. I, I'm a quad lillion. Of course I should mention. What is your name, sir? Sometime. Tell the room. Tell the room. Wonderful to meet you all. Where, what brings you to earwolf? Where are you? I was, as I was saying, trying to park my car there and these confusing new machines they have, uh, threw me into a tizzy. I went to the ATM, of course, trying to put in my code, my secret security code. What is your code? Well, it 's a secret security code. Sure. What is it though? One, two, three, four, one. Oh, I, I'm going to, there's a line behind me, of course, because I'm looking at the machine. It's confusing. Uh, you know, touch here for, uh, withdrawals, get cast. No, they say now. Very, very confusing. And what way is that confusing? Well, you know, you, you, you want to get some quarters. There's, there's no button for this. Everything I press suddenly, oop, back to main menu. So I'm, I'm got this line behind me and I didn't want to show them my secret security code. So I, of course I tell them to please turn around. I've got a put in my secret security code. Of course I like to sing. I , I, I miss performance. I miss the performance of the Vodrillion stage. Unfortunately, the Vod rillion is dead. Well, that's, it's hurt me in the wallet. Believe me. Yeah. I've, I've had to make my own tap shoes out of bubble gum and nickels on the bottom of the shoes or on the bottom of the shoes. But why are you making your own tap shoes though, if Vodville is dead and you're not performing? Because I still liked up a bottle. Sometimes in the streets, I'll pick up a few, you know, a few couple of bucks there. You'd be surprised people enjoy watching an old man performing. Yeah, sometimes they do.

And I have a few zinger jokes. Okay. But I, I was paranoid today with the people behind me because I don't mean to be paranoid. But, but two weeks ago, I was raped by a man posing as a physician.

Elderly, elderly rape is on the rise. I had no idea. I would have preferred a mo, a dinner on a movie first. Did, did her in a movie? Yes. I would have preferred a dinner on a movie first.

So I was, was that a joke? That's a zinger. No, the zinger was the dinner in the movie.

Also, this, I really was violated by a man posing as a physician, which is a horrible thing.

Posing as a physician. Yeah, he was in the hospital and I went in there for a, just a regular checkup. I thought I felt something in my general region.

It's actually was supposed to be there.

I came to find out later. How was it? Testical? It was a testical. Okay. And, wonderfully enough, they were, I did not sue.

Wonderful enough. I could have sued, but they were, they were very sweet to me.

Because some person just wandered in or was it? Yes, they wandered in and they sort of fondled about. But it really didn't bother me so much. I have a terrible memory and the trauma is, has blown over. It seems to me like maybe you're sort of blocking it out though.

When you say a terrible memory, it has other terrible things happen to you in your life that you, you don't, all of a sudden don't remember. My life has been a wonderful charity.

But there are things that have happened to me, which I assume, fuck it.

My wife was murdered in front of me. Oh, yes. She was a wonderful woman. What year was this?

Oh, this is going back, I'm going to say 2011? No, no, no.

It's like 2010.

Oh, I was joking. In the spring of 2010. Oh, so what a terrible spring must bring up a lot of memories for you. Well, when spring has sprung, funnily enough, I forget a lot of the trauma, but I remember songs from 60, 70 years ago. Yeah. Well, how did your wife get murdered?

Well, it was a terrible, terrible accident. We went to Rome to go look at the churches.

She's very religious. I do not believe never had, but I had to lie to her. My home marriage, 60 years, 60 years of war, I believe in Christ. And the whole time I had my fingers crossed.

Under the pews. But we were at the Vatican to meet the pope . I bought some money to seem uncomfortable to have to put your fingers under the p ews for 60 years.

It's very uncomfortable. Do you ever call you on it? Does she ever say, hey, why are your fingers constantly under those pews? No, she was convinced I had arthritis. I told her this is arthritis.

You were also lying about arthritis. Yes. My fingers are crossed because of course, is something very wrong with my hands. But in fact, I just didn't believe.

And if you don't believe, then why do you need to cross your fingers?

Just in case. You never know what's up there. And what is beyond the stars.

So it sounds to me like you're not an atheist. You're an ag nostic who just doesn't know what's going on. I forget what I was. That's the problem. My memory is pretty horrible. I forget exactly what I believe in. So get back to exactly what happened with your wife. You're in Rome. You're looking at churches, a random group of thugs. Well, this is a terrible story. We were in Rome, it's nighttime. And we decided to go for a walk down the street. And we just bought some bags of clothes, knickknacks, what, bags of clothes? Where do you buy bags of clothes?

Well, in Rome, that's what they're coming bags. Well, when you buy so many, as Patricia does, you end up having to use bags of carats. Oh, I see. They put them in bags as you take them out of the house. If you were to just fling them over your shelters, you would just be having a hot time. You'd probably be dropping things in the street. It'd be difficult. Yeah, having to rewash these brand new clothes. So we're walking down the street.

And I hear something behind me.

And it's two thugs. And I mean those really big, strong guys who clearly are doing something wrong. Two tufts. Two tufts. One pulls out a knife, just fl ings it out like this, makes one of those sounds. Yeah, exactly. It sounds more like an extended Billy Club. It was an extended Billy Club. That's the word I was forgetting. Retractable knife.

So they say, hey, Bob. Right. And I know something's coming. I turn around. My wife had died of cancer. She was sick the whole time. But that was the moment she was murdered by cancer. Yeah, it got to her heart. She had a tumor right near her heart. Oh, I'm so sorry. Yes. She's murdered by cancer. And what was happening? They were wonderful people. They helped carry us to the hospital . They turned out to be very nice.

What were they doing with that retractable knife? I guess they saw her sort of tumbling about and they were going to cut away. Cut the tumor out of her. Cut the tumor out of her.

Okay. Yeah. Well, that's a terrible story. But you remember it, it seems like.

Murder, but. Well, I mean, she was murdered by the cancer.

Yeah. Yeah. Potato murder. Potato poshado. Yeah. That's terrible. But you remember that and yet you say you have stuff that you've blacked out. Well, there's also the chance that I'm filling in blanks of this story. It is a bit cloudy to me. Yeah. Like do Italian young Italian men say, Hey, Bob? It does seem weird.

It's a good point. This is a sharp young woman here.

Italian men saying, Hey, Bob seems very weird. Seems to me like they'd be more saying like pepper oni or I don't know. Yeah, exactly.

They do normally yell out meats. You're correct. But this I think they said, Hey, Bob, not sure.

Okay. Wow. So what other than that though, no tragedies, your life's. They've been all sailing all tragedies my whole life. But I really, you know , there's also been wonderful things that have happened to me. What's the greatest thing that ever happened? I won the lottery. What? In 2002. $800 million. Oh my God. Yes. You don't say I mean, I would you're bearing the lead here. I would I would talk about that before you're your dead wife.

I'm pouring life's kind of murder.

I should leave with the lottery, you're saying? Okay. Yeah.

I mean, and what are you doing?

I know. And old man can still learn new tricks. Why? Why?

Why are you putting bubble gum and quarters on the bottom of your shoes to make homemade tap shoes? Why do you even need to pay for parking in your gold tap shoes? Yeah. It's a good question. Well, what happened was there's a year where you have to pick up your lottery. They give you one year. And while I had a full schedule, I wasn't getting around to it. I couldn't find the ticket. I didn't get there in time.

And the state has it, but I did win, which I think is the important part. Uh huh. Did you ever find the ticket? Yes. Years later, I found it. And you looked up the it was stuck to the bubble gum on my shoes. On the bottom of your shoe, isn't that ironic?

The one thing that trying to save money cost me 80 million dollars. 80 million, really? But I thought you won 800. Yeah. I don't remember if I even won it all. Well, I have to go wonderful meeting you all. Thank you for the quote as.

Yeah. Well, are you putting those on the bottom of your shoes or are those going in later? Let's see.

Let's see if I can do a little tap here. All right. I'll just stick these to the bottom of my shoes here.

And a wonderful day to you all and have a nice evening as well. Look at him Sarah.

Wow, I still light on his feet.

Hot. Hey. Hey. Hey.

Thank you all very much. What was it? It sounded like you let out some sort of.

I was doing a big move, which you didn't even seem to react to. No, I just heard your surprise cry. I did. And I got. Let me do the move again.

So yeah, I'll just keep an eye on your body.

Look at what I'm doing with my body. I'm sorry. I can't stop looking at your mouth while you say and one, two. Oh, wow. I was just looking at your mouth the whole time. I'm so sorry.

That's all right. I forgive you. I don't think.

Is that what church taught you to do is to forgive?

Yes, forgive and forget. That's my motto. The two things you're great at.

I'm the best. The best in the biz business.

I want to tell you all that this has been the best day of my life so far, which I know seems horrible. Truly one of the best days of my life as well.

Yeah, such an inspiring your story has moved me. Well, I'd like to leave you with a song. Please do that. I am a bit bashful at times, but you've all brought out in me that sparkle inside. And I thank you from the bottom of my heart. Wow, I love it. So sweet. So sweet.

Well, thank you so much. It's great to meet you. Oh, God. He took off like a shot for an old man. He really moves. Who was that? He didn't even dance that fast. Yeah, it was like zoom. Wow, that was like Bob hoping that that came our commercial where they speed, you know, the very last one he did before he died and they speed up the tape to make him ostensibly to make him look like he 's walking at a regular rate, but it just kind of looks like a sped up cartoon. Hi, Kyle. Hey, welcome back. What was that? What's going on?

That guy. Yeah, every time you leave the room, some weirdo comes in here. So weird. So strange.

Well, guys, we only have time for one thing here left in the show. And that is a little something that we like to call plugs.

I guess that's all this time we actually Thank you so much to Frucks. I believe maybe it's pronounced Frucks, but FRUX for giving us that plug scene. That title is a time to air our plugs. If you have a plug theme, go over to earwolf.com and put it go head over to the company bang bang message board and put it in the appropriate thread there. And you can be famous for one whole week and Frucks or Frucks, you are famous. Congratulations. Enjoy your reign. All right, so guys, what do you have to plug? Kyle, obviously, you're plugging Professor Blast off, but you have its May 28 bear that in mind. You tour all over the country is one of America's greatest stand up communities. Oh, thank you.

Do you have any dates coming up? May 10th, I'm at the May 28 bear in mind that this is May 28 right now. You have to I mean, usually one pays attention when the host speaks. I'm sorry. I jeez, what do I have coming up? Nothing. I really I mean, we're gonna be like at Saratoga something.

Sarah Toga and Sarah Toga, your San Jose June June 23rd June 23rd in both both of you on the same bill or you're just going. Hell yeah. Who's outlining?

Let's take you of three guesses.

Sarah? Yeah, I got in one. Anyone else on that bill or is it just the two of you got an opener or host? No, it's just the two of us. I would like to plug tomorrow morning at 11 a.m. I'm getting a cleaning with Patty getting a dental cleaning with Patty.

How do you think that's gonna go?

I know it's gonna be probably more pleasant than I expect and I will hear about her wonderful son and also a daughter. So a wonderful son, but then also a daughter.

Yeah. Okay, anything else? Who's also fine? June 12th is my mother and stepfather's anniversary, though he died a few years ago. So sorry. And, uh, let's say an old writer's assistance birthday, June 19th. We call him Fupusa, Eric Shar. Fupusa. Fupusa.

Let's see. I got some, I got some shows. I got some shows. We're gonna be at Fox woods. Okay, Foxwoods. How can people find out about these shows that you guys have? Any personal website or your Twitter? I don't.

At Sarah K Silverman. I never really do that. Kyle A. Dunne gan? Is that what it is? Kyle Dunnegan.com.

Kyle Dunnegan.com. All right. So you can check that out and find out where these guys are you gonna tour exclusively together as lovers? We're gonna see how it goes. I panicked that I was running out of money and booked three shows and asked Kyle if he'd come with me to fill out the time that I can. I wish I could do that. I can use some money.

All right. What do I have to plug? I have, okay. I hyped it a little bit, but the second episode of my show with Amy Poehler is the, the, the guest it has. Okay. Check this out. Amy Poehler, Andy Daly doing Don D'Amello is on this.

David Keckner. It's a great episode of the show. It's now streaming. You can go either to ifc.com and watch the entire thing or go to the comedy bang bang on ifc facebook page.

And you can watch the whole thing. Oh my god. It's the, it 's the greatest show ever. It's not even airing till June, that particular episode, not airing till June 15th, but you can watch it all right now just to kind of get yourself excited about it.

And then of course June 8th, you can watch the show. The first episode has Zach Galfianakis and Andy Daly and Will Forte and Gillian Jacobs.

That'll be on June 8th. We are very close to the premiere of that. And I want to give one shout out to Brian Whipple. Brian Whipple, he donated $100 to comedy bang bang. Thank you so much, Brian.

I really appreciate that. Keeping us in business. Brian.

And that's about it. Oh, I guess I could plug my new NBC sitcom. That's right. Or not. Yeah, next week we have a big exciting show, the comedy bang bang TV show kickoff show. So that'll be next week. So I want to thank my guests Sarah Silverman. I want to thank Kyle Dunnegan. I want to say what's up to Craig out there and La Del La Rue. And thanks for coming by guys. It was a great show and we'll see you next week. Thanks. Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman. For more information visit earwolf.com.

The Wolf Dead.
