---
layout: page
title: 161. Reggie Watts,Tim Heidecker,Andy Daly,Jon Daly [12800⧸21045].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

It's a big week it is premiere week this friday ten p.m. on i f c comedy bang bang the television series is here well to celebrate it i have several people from the show right here my band leader Reggie Watts.

The guy whose companies producing the show tim heidecker from tim and eric awesome show great job plus two guests from the show we're all gonna celebrate it we're gonna have a party in here all of that more on today's ready started.

Come a little!

Mommy, we're here!

Get l andicks Get l andicks Get l ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Everybody's gonna run ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Everybody's gonna run ♪ ♪ Come on, come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on, come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on, come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ Seriously you get your finger out of there.

It's Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much Reggie.

Welcome, it's Comedy Bang Bang.

Thanks for, or thanks for, or thanks too, to shred.com for that catchphrase submission.

Seriously get your finger out of there.

My name is Scott Ockermann and it is here.

It is premiere week.

We've been waiting for it.

It is finally upon us.

The Comedy Bang Bang TV show premieres this Friday.

How we worked so hard on it.

And you're going to see, I mean, your television is going to be literally sweating while you watch this show.

That's how hard we worked on it.

Your television is going to perspire unless you have a flat screen.

And then there's just like a layer of mist on the screen.

It's going to be fascinating.

It's very exciting.

All week we are here at Ear Wolf Podcasts.

We are going to have people from the show on.

Today I'll be getting to our guests a little later.

I'll tell you who's on.

But tomorrow, Professor Blastoff, Reggie Watts is on Professor Blastoff.

I'll be on how did this get made?

Wednesday, Reggie Watts is on.

Who charted?

And something else probably.

Thursday, Improv for Humans.

We got Dave Keckner who's one of our first guests on the TV show.

He'll be at Improv for Humans.

Friday, Reggie Watts is on Sklarbro country.

I'm on Totally Lame.

I'm on Ronan Bev.

So you got a week of us.

This is just kicking it off right now.

Let me just set the scene for who's here on the show today.

First of all, I have my compadre, my compatriot, my right hand man.

He was to my left on the TV show.

You'll see the setup when you watch.

He was to my left, but I consider him my right hand man.

It might have been better to move you over to the right.

That's better, Gosh.

It is a little Gosh.

That's better.

Plus, my face looks better looking to the left.

Way better.

Have you noticed that?

Way more professional.

I'm looking to the left right now.

This looks great.

That's a great style.

Look at me over here.

I look like a goblin.

No.

I look like a monster.

Please don't do that.

Yeah, I won't do that.

Let me introduce him here.

Is it safe to say you're my best friend?

Oh, yeah.

For sure.

Yes.

Good.

We work together on the show.

He is in every single episode of the show as my band leader , my musical adventure some companions of sorts.

Reggie Watts is here.

Hey, guys.

That's almost like, Hey, bros.

Oh, yeah.

Hey, Bruce.

Reggie, welcome.

Thank you so much for being here on this very special week.

Are you excited?

I am very excited and I love the new studio.

Thank you so much.

You're meeting new from the TV studio we were at doing the show.

It was a great studio.

It's two different things.

This is a podcast.

The TV show is its own thing.

Totally.

By the way, if you're listening for the first time because you just saw the television show, maybe you saw it on Friday.

I know that this comes out on Monday, but maybe you saw the TV show on Friday.

You're like, what the fuck is this piece of shit?

What is going on here?

So you decide to do a little investigating.

You go, oh, my gosh, this is a podcast.

I'm going to listen to it right away.

Okay.

That's what this is designed for.

This is sort of replicating the podcast or the television experience here on a podcast.

That's right.

So it's me and Reggie back together.

Hey, this is what it would be like.

This is, in fact, what it is like because we're doing it.

Yes.

Now, Reggie, you're not on the podcast every single week, but you do the theme song.

I do.

Yes, I do.

I love doing it.

Yeah.

It's great.

I can feel it every time you press play.

That is a little straight.

It's like your spider sense goes off or something.

Yeah, totally.

It's amazing.

You feel it in your butthole.

I really do.

I'm just like, whoa.

Oh, yeah.

No, I know why.

It's always alarming, though.

Reggie, did you have fun doing the television program with us?

Yeah.

The television program was really great to do.

I loved the guests were charming and delightful and unexpected.

Mm-hmm.

I think a lot of...

You didn't expect there to be any guests.

I did.

No, no, no.

I just thought you just...

No.

You thought it would just be you and me chatting the entire time?

I thought it was going to be like CGI guests.

Oh, yeah.

Thomas Ham or whatever.

You'd be like, Tom Ham.

And then there'd be like a CGI guy.

Tom Ham would be the CGI version of John Ham.

Is that what you're saying?

Uh-huh.

So that's what you expected.

So your experience must have been very different filming.

Oh, it's filming.

Yeah, I didn't.

I mean, it was cool.

It was really trippy.

It was like trippy the whole time.

I was like, oh, I'd pay to do this.

You would have paid.

Yeah.

I did not know that.

That is good to know for the second season.

Well, you know, keep your secrets close.

You didn't do that.

You actually just let it out.

Yeah, but at the time.

At the time they were close.

Yeah, you're right.

Okay.

That's too late now.

Got a check.

Ah, by the way, I canceled that check.

What?

I was just on my phone after you said that.

I canceled the checks.

Okay.

Sorry.

If you could write me a check.

No, no, I totally will to cover the check that you.

Yeah.

It's a $10 fee to cancel.

Of course.

So I had $10 on top of that.

Yeah, $10 on top of what you would have paid me to be on the TV show.

Okay.

The 2300 episode?

That's no for the whole thing.

Oh, total?

That's not as good.

No.

Still 2300 $10.

Can't scoff at that.

No.

Um, No.

So Reggie, describe your role on the show.

Okay.

It's a good blend between Andy Richter and Paul Schafer.

Um, and maybe Don Cornelius just a little bit at times.

A little bit.

And describe when you slip into Don Cornelius.

Like if I have to do a play in and I want a different kind of angle on the type of music that we do.

And so I use that to kind of get out of the in between suspended version.

So Reggie, you're to my left on the show.

I think we covered that.

And you're behind your keyboard and you're behind some of the apparatus or apparatus.

I'm not sure that you brought here today.

Yes.

And you sort of do what Paul Schafer does.

You play in and out of commercials, but at the same time you do what Andy Richter does, which is you're my musical foil.

You're my sidekick in a way.

Yes.

I'm going to get you to that role.

But I am the star of the show.

I shouldn't be ashamed of that.

I think it's really obvious how it's structured.

You think this is a you think I'm explaining a talk show a little too much?

No, no, no.

I'm just saying.

I'm just saying, yeah, I get it.

You get it that I'm at the top of the pyramid.

Yeah, completely shit rolls down the hill.

That's how it happens, man.

Yeah.

Um, so, so when people check out the show this weekend, they're going to see you doing music.

They're going to see you doing sketches.

You got to act a lot.

Yeah, I did some acting, which I've always, always loved doing that.

And it's, you know, it was great that I got to do that.

Describe your acting process.

Acting process is pretty, pretty rigid.

I definitely think it's better not to know as much as you can before going into a role.

I think what Reggie's describing is he wouldn't read the scripts before we shot.

Yeah, yeah, that's, yeah.

I refused.

It's not that you refused, but at first I would...

The first day of shooting, I was surprised because we sent you all the scripts.

And the first day of shooting, we called action and it was a scene between the two of us.

And I said, my line, and then in the scene we looked to you and you had a look on your face like, what's happening?

And you said, what, what, do I have a line or something?

We were, we said, didn't you read the scripts?

And you said, no, I don't, I didn't, I'd know.

Should I have?

Which, which then you kept, you kept that acting process going the entire, the entire time, which, and we talked about at one point.

You said, you know, I think it keeps it fresher to not read the script.

And at some point, and I have to confess this, I started to wonder if you could read.

But then I would see you sitting there with like giant books like, you know, on Rand, the fountainhead and stuff like that.

You can read those boring long novels and you can't read one script.

No, I just, I just need to be engrossed in some, like really something dense.

Yeah, you need to see.

Sorry.

It's like, here's a line, then there's a line. It's like, it's hard to read.

It's too hard to read.

It's too hard to read. That's a big problem of scripts these days. They're too hard to read.

Yeah, too hard to read.

Too small.

Yeah, too small.

Yeah.

Well, I think people are going to love seeing you on the show.

And what do you say, Reggie?

What, do you want to give them a little taste of, if this is your first time listening to the program?

Yes.

This sort of, Reggie does these in and out of the commercials for the television program, but you'll get a little taste of an extended full-length clip of what Reggie does right here.

So, and bear in mind, these are all improvised, correct?

Yeah, yeah. Yes, they are.

You're not pulling out of the tank?

No, I'm not, no, I'm not like, no.

So this is just off the top of your dome or head?

Yeah, I'm dominant. I'm dominant.

James is a dominant.

Yeah, absolutely.

So, all right, so Reggie's about to do a song.

These are all his voices, loops, samples, all that, not samples, I guess, but just loops.

So, let's hear what Reggie Watts has in store for us here.

This on comedy-bang-bang, Reginald, Dr. Reginald Watts.

Hey.

All right.

Hey, baby.
