---
layout: page
title: 162. Andy Samberg, Adam Pally [12869⧸21046].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

You know him from SNL, from the Lonely Island, Multi-Platinum recording artist, and now MovieStar, Andy Samberg is here all hour with us.

What could possibly go wrong?

It's his third appearance.

Nothing wrong has ever happened anytime he's been on here.

So what could happen today?

Well, let's find out.

All of that and more on today's...

♪♪♪ Oysters and clams for your uncle's Shumptingo.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much for that catchphrase submission.

Charles Doyle, Oysters and clams for your uncle Shumptingo.

Shumptingo? Can I get a spelling on that?

Sure can.

Proper name.

Capital S-H-U-M-P.

Dash.

Capital T-I-N-G-O.

Oh, there's a hyphen in it.

Yeah.

Shumptingo.

Shumptingo is...

Shumptingo.

Yeah.

Do you think you spelled it phonetically?

Like that at the hyphen?

Or do you think that's actually...

Phonetically from what?

Is it something?

Well, no.

Maybe it's spelled differently, but he wanted to make sure you pronounced it right.

Oh, but what is it?

Because how many names actually have a hyphen in them?

Well, back in the early days, we all had hyphens in our name.

Back when we were son of...

You know, son of sand...

Burgh.

Those are more sentences.

Yeah, those are...

Names used to be sentences.

Names used to be...

Names used to mean things that no longer...

We'd no longer have any idea what they mean.

Ochreman means part of a lion, right?

Exactly.

And sand...

Sandberg.

Sand...

How'd you say your name?

Sand...

Sandberg.

Sand what?

Yeah, like, Yosemite Sandberg.

I don't think so.

How do you say it?

Sandler.

You got me.

That's how I was trying to get you to say.

Did you...

By the way, I'm going to introduce you in a second, but I do want you to ruminate on.

Did you do the movie solely to do a movie with the person whose name you're most confused with?

It...

I actually...

Me and my buddy Jake Simansky...

Who?

Yeah, we did a fake trailer for the movie.

I saw it.

Making fun of all the names.

Very funny.

So, on your die...

Yeah, it was on Funny or Die.

Sandler as well as other places.

Yeah, it...

It uh...

I had the idea to do that fake trailer when I first met with Happy Madison like over a year ago.

I was like, if we do this movie, I have an idea for a really shitty fake trailer.

And there's a lot of really dewy names.

And that's what got you the job.

Yeah, it could be.

Alright, let me set the scene first of all.

First of all, I want to welcome people...

Let me talk about this just a little bit.

I want to welcome people to the show.

Thank you so much everyone who watched the premiere of the Comedy Bang Bang TV show last Friday.

Thank you so much for all your kind words.

Thank you for watching it.

Let me know what you think...

Unless you hated it.

Please...

Keep it to yourself.

Keep...

Please, keep it to yourself.

But thank you so much.

It was a big thrill for me to finally...

get it all out there.

And Andy is making buddy faces.

I'm checking by Blackberry.

And I really appreciate it.

I'm Scott Ockerman by the way.

If you're coming to the show...

Because you saw the TV show and then you looked it up in iTunes and you're like, what is this?

It's also a podcast.

Let me just explain it a little bit.

The podcast is a little more long form.

We talk to people for a longer time, but it's more of a free form conversation than the TV show is.

And I usually talk to my funny friends and then every once in a while.

We have an open door policy we've established here at the show.

Anyone can come in at any time.

So Andy, my first guest came in and said, hey, I'm here.

I'm in town.

I'm doing some press.

I want to do some stuff.

But anyone can come in at any time.

And that's sort of one of the hallmarks of the show.

So anyway, get ready for it.

Because today I have one of my favorite comedians alive.

Living or dead?

I'm even going to go there.

What?

Living or dead?

You're either living or dead.

Go.

It's like a Beetlejuice kind of a situation.

Now one of my favorite comedians of all time.

And my knowledge of comedy, my encyclopedic knowledge of comedy, goes all the way back to David Spade.

Oh yeah.

Chris Rock.

Uh-huh.

I go all de-cuts all the way back to the.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So and you're one of my favorites.

Well, thank you.

You know him from.

Likewise.

Thank you so much.

Scott Ackerman.

You know him from Satur Day, night live.

Six seasons?

Seven.

Seven seasons.

You know him from Hot Rod.

Boom.

You know him from the creator or the co-creator of the digital shorts, which did not exist previous to him co-creating them.

In the way that we did them, no.

McKay did do digital shorts though.

That's right.

And I do remember Jim Belushi short where he stuffed toilet paper down his pants to look like he had a big dick and then there's a giant.

And that was probably on film and not on digital.

That's the main difference.

That is a big difference.

But we won't.

We'll talk about that.

We didn't create the idea of a pre-tape short film.

Right.

But we did have the ease with which you did them digitally.

Yeah, the digitalia aspect.

And I want to get into that.

I want to get into the differences between film and digital and just the strengths of each.

That's like my platform that I'm running on right now is just getting the word out of.

You are running for office right now, which a lot of people don't know about.

I'm running for office of comedian of Hollywood.

Okay, so you know him from that, but you also, I mean, mega selling records.

Boom.

How many records have you sold total?

Both of them combined.

And singles, very say everything.

Oh, I have no idea.

Millions.

We have two platinum singles.

So that's a million each.

That's a mill each.

Yeah.

We have a gold single.

Called that is in my pants.

I think Jack Sparrow might be knocking on the door of gold.

Of gold?

Wow.

Which is tougher to do in the three or so years in between.

It's very tough.

And then I think total albums were well up over half a million.

So my gosh, I call that 50.

Yep.

I count things in units of 10,000.

We do.

We have gotten like platinum records from New Zealand and stuff and we're like, whoa.

And then they're like, yeah, that's 20.

Yeah, 20 records.

Going platinum in England is like, it's much, much less.

Yeah, much smaller.

They're smaller countries.

It is, but you know, it's per capita.

It's true.

It's going to be the name of our next album per capita.

I'm going to say your name in a second.

Okay.

You also know him from the upcoming movie.

That's my boy.

And get ready for it because I'm about to say your name.

Okay.

Andy Sambrick is here.

Boom.

The name God gave me.

That's right.

God and your extremely Jewish parents.

Yeah.

So anyway, we're here to talk about that.

That's my boy, right?

Amongst other things.

But you and I are, I don't know how the scholars would describe this other than his bros.

Yeah, bros.

Broskie, broskie-doskeys.

So we're going to have a more easy conversation.

We're not going to get into the stuff that this isn't going to be an interview per se.

It's going to be a chat.

It's yeah, it's going to be a chillax session.

A chillax chat.

It's just sort of a combination of chilling and relaxing that I came up with.

You should coin that.

Put it on a coin?

Like, can you plebiscune him?

Sorry, I did mean put it on a coin.

I didn't mean to say copyright and instead said coin.

I meant you should coin it.

Yeah, engrave it on coins.

Thank you.

And hand it out.

This is good.

This is good stuff.

This is good stuff not editing any of this.

Not one second.

So Andy, tell me about your above the title.

You got that's my boy, Adam Sandler, who must be an influence on you.

I mean, when you were growing up, you probably watched him on Saturday Night Live.

Saturday Night Live?

By the way, that's a bad title for a TV show.

Don't you think it's hard to say?

Saturday Night.

Night?

What?

What are you talking about?

Is it day or night?

Yeah, idiots.

Yeah, anyway.

The live part tends to be very accurate.

No, that's right on the mind.

Unless you're on the West Coast, you're watching a rerun.

That is a dirty, dirty lie.

Should they re-title it when people are watching reruns?

When you're on the West Coast, even.

It's Saturday Night Pre-Taped.

Who's that?

That's Dom Pardo.

Have you ever met him, by the way?

Yeah.

Pardo, he doesn't actually live in New York anymore, but he sends in his videos now.

Yeah, but was he there back when you first started?

Definitely.

For most of the years, yeah.

It's just very recent development that he left.

He's great.

He's the best.

Love him and I lost on Jeopardy.

He's incredible because that's his real voice.

Yeah.

So you see him in the hallway and he's like, ♪ And he's humber very funny.

Are you heavy tonight?

Just like, nope.

But I got a short.

So Adam Sandler, he's a guy you grew up, what?

Loving.

I dude the update feature, I keep talking about this update feature where he's telling you all the Halloween costumes.

I'm under the desk guy.

That was my favorite thing.

Did you watch him on remote control before Saturday Night Live?

Yeah, for sure.

I mean, I didn't know it was him yet, but I knew he was that guy.

Yeah, I remember being excited when he was on SNL because it was like someone from something that I thought was cool.

Right.

Was graduating to a professional level, you know?

I loved remote control.

So good.

I watched a lot of it.

Can Ober.

All right, Pete.

Great guy.

That's right.

Yeah, great show, call and quin.

There's another remote control.

That guy went to SNL.

Yeah.

When's Kari were we're getting on there?

Would have late in her career.

She got on SNL.

She's wondering that same thing right now.

Just sitting by the phone.

Everyone from remote control goes.

That's the deal.

Oh, and Larry, Dennis.

Larry was on that show too.

Holy Toledo.

Yep.

I didn't know that.

Who was he?

He would come in and smoke and do, you know, very, stuff very similar to what he ended up doing.

Got it.

Yep.

He would come in and smoke.

That was essentially like a couple years of his career.

Yeah, you would just smoke.

Just come in places.

People were surprised when they would go see his live show.

He'd have an opener, a middle, and then he'd smoke.

We'd just smoke.

For about 55 minutes.

It was like when Howie Mandel would do that character at the end of his.

Right, and put the glove over his head.

Yeah.

Which he got brain damage from doing her sinus damage or something.

He, I believe he got some sort of brain damage from blowing that thing up with his nose and in his sinuses or something.

Wow.

That may be an urban legend.

It's like the comedians equivalent to Siegfried and Roy getting their heads bitten by a tiger.

Their heads.

Only one of them, I believe.

Whatever.

So it's got to be like, it's got to be a big thrill for you to be in this movie with him.

It is.

I'm very excited about it.

It was cool.

Like, you know, I've ever since I started doing stand up, I 've had people accidentally calling me Adam or Andy Sandler or Adam Sand berg or whatever.

So it's nice to just kind of make it official that our names are similar.

And that you're two different people.

We're two different people.

Like they now can look at the poster and be like, oh wow.

Oh, I got, I've been a huge asshole my entire life.

They've seen, they've seen us in the same place at the same time.

One of us is not Bruce Wayne.

And which one would you be?

And which one would he be?

Bruce Wayne or Batman?

I think he would definitely be Batman.

Really?

Just based on box office alone.

Well, and then you're more the ladies man, more of the.

The guy.

The guy about town.

Yeah, like pretending to be like a dickhead so people will leave me alone and I can have privacy to be a super hero.

Okay, so that's my boy.

Tell me just briefly what it's about.

Why should people see it?

This is the plug part.

All right, here we go.

It's about.

Clear your throat.

Make sure that there's no impediments.

Well, yeah.

Impediments.

Glory.

Pretty sure I'm pronouncing that right.

It's a movie about.

Glory.

Be a There's a kid that he has to take care of, but he's still a kid.

That's just sort of the whole intro part of the movie.

Then it cuts to present day.

I'm the kid I've basically told everyone.

I ran away from home when I turned 18.

I didn't want any part of him or his bad.

How old are you now?

In the most of the day.

I think same age as I am through it's like 33ish.

Okay.

Yeah, got it.

I don't remember what the script said.

Might have said early 30s.

So 15 years since you have been part of his life.

Exactly.

All right.

Cut him off.

Decade and a half.

I tell people that my parents died in an explosion.

And I'm engaged to late in Easter nights.

And it's our wedding week.

And Sandler's character is all growing up.

And he's kind of down and out.

He was really famous and like a tabloid way.

And now he's basically hit rock bottom and he needs a bunch of money.

Or he's going to go to jail.

So he shows up looking for money.

And then you guys get to know each other.

And I don't want to spoil this movie.

I'm not going to say whether or not we reconnect.

Which means to connect again.

Yeah.

But you do.

Yeah, we do.

Totally.

But it's a fun ride.

Oh, I bet.

You know, it's not about the destination.

It's about the journey.

Oh, uh.

Oh man, is your weed guy here?

Oh shit.

Bro.

Oh, hey, bro.

Hey.

Your weed guy showed up.

Oh shit.

Um.

What's up, Scott?

Sorry.

And he just happened last time.

Yeah, last time you're.

Uh.

He hung out a while.

I remember.

I just.

Uh.

Hey.

And his name is bro, by the way, for anyone who didn't hear the last last.

Andy, you were on a year ago.

And I'm so sorry, but my weed guy showed up.

Yeah.

And now he's here again.

Now he's here again.

I kind of scheduled this.

I am right in the middle of me plugging the movie.

Uh oh.

Oh, sorry.

Uh oh.

Well, we can talk about the movie anytime.

I mean.

It's true.

I've been talking about it a lot.

Yeah.

We can't get like primo.

Don't let me interrupt you.

I mean, I want to hear all about.

All about the exotic Marigold hotel.

There it is.

100 million worldwide.

100 mill.

Yeah.

For the old bones.

What are.

Uh.

Scott, what's up, man?

You told me to come by.

You said don't even.

Yeah.

Don't we just hang out?

Uh.

I really don't think I said that.

I think I said please bring all your weed so that I can buy it in bulk.

So I have to hang out with you all the way.

Right.

And then you said don't hang out.

Don't hang out.

Yeah.

Did you bring any?

No.

But I did bring a hang.

All right.

Well, we'll take what we can get.

Let's spark a hang.

I hear that a lot.

I'll roll up a hang.

I'll roll up a hang and you guys will take what you can get .

I'm going to rip off a four footer of this hang.

Yeah.

Well, yeah.

Yeah.

Sound like you're going to add something to that.

No, no, no.

What's back off it completely?

Yeah, I backed off it.

I gave up.

I got the spine of a jellyfish.

You thought better of it, huh?

And I think it worked out better.

So last time you were here.

Last time you were here, you got very involved in the show.

Yeah.

To the point where you may have been annoying us a little bit.

Yeah.

And I do want to, um, now, you know, it's fine.

You were going to apologize too.

Yeah.

You were going to apologize, but then you decided better.

Yeah.

Well, cause I listened to it after and I was like, if I hadn't had come in and given you guys something, we would have just heard that.

Right.

It's true.

It would have just ended up having been what it was supposed to be originally.

Right.

Which is a bro hang between two bros.

Two bros as opposed to like two bros and a guy who showed up.

But aren't those the best nights there where you don't know what's going to happen.

And then next morning you wake up and you're like, man, could have been better.

Yeah.

Exactly.

All right, bro.

We were just talking to Andy about his new movie.

We were trying to- High stakes.

Billboards and everything.

Yeah.

A magazine ad?

That I'm not sure.

God, I hope so.

I've been doing a lot of magazine ads for cigarettes.

So, you're with those confused.

It's the only place you're allowed.

So we're talking to him and please, maybe we just listened to what Andy has to say.

I'm a great listener.

Okay.

Great.

Let's put that to the test.

Then certainly- After I listen though, I do like to chime in.

So, I'll do my best, but let's go for it.

Chime in, NBC.

All right.

Do-do-do-do.

I got something to say.

Every time you talk, you got to preface it with that.

Or a long order, bang-bang.

Bang-bang.

Right.

I think I got it.

Hedge-head-job humor.

Hey, man.

Take your time with it.

That's a- It's only savory.

Bro is in a Petch-up Boys cover band called The Hedge-up Boys.

Yeah.

I am.

It's all about pipe cleaners.

We sing our songs about pipe cleaners with great harmonies.

Really good harmonies.

Yeah.

They're like the fleet foxes of Petch-up Boy cover bands.

I wish I knew anything about drugs I could chime in on.

Oh, and you ask why is he my weed dealer?

If I don't know anything about drugs?

Well, no one asked that, but let's have- Why don't you justify it anyway?

Well, that's because I merely smoke them all.

I don't- I don't- Sit there.

Hey, man.

Okay.

Looking at all the paraphernalia or even knowing what it's named.

We're getting deep today.

Yeah.

Deep cuts.

On the bang bang.

All right.

Let's get deep.

I do want to ask you about this.

Everyone should see that's my boy, of course.

And we're going to talk about it.

Unless you're too young to see a hard arc, because it is very dirty.

It's super dirty, which is exciting to me.

It's exciting to me too.

It's exciting to see Sam they're cursing again.

I've been telling my buddies that I haven't really seen him acting in this fashion since like his early albums.

Kind of.

Oh, really?

It's a lot of like Boston act.

It's like, remember Tolmouth Willie?

That's good.

Oh, yeah.

I love Tolmouth.

It's like Tolmouth Willie, but like a little less angry.

Oh, that's great.

Yeah.

So a nicer, gentler Tolmouth Andy, who says the F word.

Well, Sam, Tolmouth Andy.

Tolmouth Andy doesn't exist.

Who's that, man?

Sorry.

Just listening.

That's not about- You did call him on his shit though.

Well, that's what I'm here to do, man.

I'm like the- I'm the Greek chorus.

Yeah.

You're the conscience.

Yeah.

Comedy banged it.

Yeah, man.

Yeah.

Keep plugging.

To the listeners, I apologize.

This is normally- This is not what the show is normally like.

Normally, it's a one-on-one conversation with one person.

I've- Is that true?

Is that true?

Yeah.

Of course it is.

Wow.

If this is people's first time listening, the show is not normally like this.

You're right.

I'm sorry, Mr. Marin.

Keep going.

So Andy, I do want to ask you about- That's a troublemaker.

I'm a rebel rouser.

Keep plugging.

A rubble rouser?

Oh boy.

Yeah.

Make me pull up your press junket chip online, buddy.

Oh.

Yeah, it's an exciting new show.

It's a great cast and we're just all really grateful to David for writing such an amazing pilot.

Hey, man.

What's a- I don't know who you're talking about, but he sounds like a hell of a guy who knows how to navigate the press.

Fucking come in and character and nail an us to the wall.

Hey, man.

I'm game.

Let's open this up to warfare.

Yeah.

Oh my god.

All right, Andy.

I do want to talk about SNL.

All right.

Which a lot of people don't know, but stands for Saturday Night Live.

Correct.

Okay.

That's all I wanted to talk about.

All right.

Good talk.

No, you, that's big news.

You're leaving SNL.

I am.

Which, you know, I think it's great.

A lot of people, you know, you got to leave it.

You got to- You got to come on, then you got to leave it, you know?

That's the circle of life.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Like we all are born alone.

We all die alone.

Yeah.

Naked, uh, naked born.

Hopefully we die naked.

Oh, I'm hoping to die naked, for sure.

Like Charles Rocket.

Yeah.

Wow.

That's important.

Oh, dude.

Why?

Because- So it's a human being with a family who, yeah.

Did he have a family?

The SNL family.

Yeah.

He never leave.

Come on.

That's the nail family.

I want- They got to let that guy go, right?

I want to let people know that I do not cosign on that joke .

And, uh- What do you mean I brought in a list of my jokes before?

And you initialed right next to all of them.

Brose flying solo in this one.

Brose rogue.

Rogue bro.

Probably wouldn't tell that joke on network television, would you?

I probably would.

I mean, it's kind of a 10%er, but I feel like- I feel like that 10% would love it.

So Andy, SNL- Scott.

You're leaving.

Yeah.

It's been a great ride.

It seemed to me like towards the end, you knew you were leaving.

You're kind of wrapping up everything.

Yeah.

You did the 100th short.

Yeah.

You did the sequel to Lazy Sunday.

Yes.

And you- When did you know you were leaving?

Did you?

I was almost 100% sure I was leaving when we did those last two shorts.

And, uh- I figured- I figured that would help me make the decision by following through on them like that.

But- Truthfully, I didn't know 100% until I talked to Lauren after the season ended.

Yeah.

And then- Then- Did- Did the little announce- Did- Was that normal business for you to talk when the season ends?

Is it- Does every cast member sort of have a wrap up or- Um, no.

I mean, I- A lot of times you wait all summer to hear if you're coming back.

Right.

Um, whether they're extending it, you know, because you- Initially you sign up and it's a seven year contract.

But- You have to stay seven years if they want you, but- They don't have to keep you- They don't have to keep you.

Yeah.

So, um- Most summers, I would just sort of wait to hear, you know, Hey, they asked you to come back and then I'd go- Fist pump.

Um, But this- This time my contract was up and, you know, there- There was rumors way out in front that I was leaving, which I was kind of surprised by, because I hadn't really talked about it with anyone.

I started them a little bit.

You did that?

Yeah.

You screwball.

You know, I'm so used to the M&M format attention.

I just wanted to get back in on it.

Um, yeah.

So, I don't know.

I mean, Keven, you were- I've done almost all the shorts with them, and definitely all the song shorts with them, and that's kind of my bread and butter.

And- And that was sort of hard because they kind of left.

Yeah.

They've been part-timing it for- Part-timing it for two seasons now.

Right.

And the season previous, we had songs left from our album that really helped kind of keep that ball in the air.

Mm-hmm.

But then last summer, I shot this movie with Sandler, Keep Shot, The Watch, um, and Yorm, you know, puffed up his wiener for his cameo on Girls.

Yeah, it fluffed it up.

Luffed it.

Uh, but so it became more difficult.

You know, Yorm came back a bunch of times of season and helped me with a bunch of the shorts, and I had great, uh, great directors, John Solomon and Jake Zamaski were both there this season, and helped me with some of the other shorts.

And last year, Kreisel did some right?

That was the year previous.

Kreisel's right.

Yeah, Jonathan Kreisel, who's now on Curl's Show in Portland.

Right.

He's the best too.

So, we've had awesome people the whole time, but it kind of like reached that point of like, if we're doing the 100th, which we were, seemed like kind of a putting an exclamation point.

Yeah, and then book ending it with the Lazy Sundays.

It was so awesome to get Parnell back.

Oh, so good.

Did, uh, you know, I think you and I had talked, uh, previous to one of the last couple of seasons that you did, um, about how you were wanting to sort of stretch out and be in more of the live sketches.

Yeah.

And then over the last, at least the last year, if not the last two years, I saw you really making an effort to get in there.

And you really just kind of blossomed into a live performer .

Thanks.

Um, where you were really solid in every single sketch.

I know that that had been sort of, sort of challenging for you earlier on.

Yeah.

Well, especially because once it's the shorts thing started , it was like, I just knew I was going to be doing that.

And there was a certain point where we were so concerned with what the short was going to be every week.

I, there were weeks I wouldn't even try and write sketches for the live show, because it was so much work, just to get a short up and going.

But the last two seasons, I think also just by way of being there long enough that some of the new writers came in and, and knew me from having watched the show, people started writing for me a little more, which was really nice.

Oh, great.

And then little things happened, like my Nick Cage thing turned into a thing that I did a lot somehow.

Like it started off as an assignment.

And then me and my buddy Rob Klein started writing a crazier, crazier.

And then I convinced them to let me turn it into a segment where I bring celebrities on, which meant it could never get cut.

Right.

Smart.

Oh, wow, bro woke up.

Bro, thanks.

Yeah, listening, man.

Yeah, chime in.

And then, you know, other little things like Rick Santorum, I was the most that looked like him.

It was a scratch, but you know, you get put in a political stuff, then all of a sudden you're like, Hey, I'm in the live show a little bit now.

It's fun.

It was great, but I really noticed, you know, you became a go-to guy in the way that, you know, like, Sudakus or whoever was a real go-to guy on the show, you know, which is always a great place to be, and where people all of a sudden go start thinking of you of, Oh, we need Andy in this sketch, rather than how can we fit Andy in this sketch?

Sure.

Sure. Yeah.

It was really the last couple of seasons I definitely got to do way more live stuff.

So you must feel like you achieved everything you want to do achieve on that show in a way because you, you got to do it all.

You got to do live stuff.

You got to do 100 digital shorts.

I mean, that's amazing.

Yeah.

I mean, if I stayed another seven years, I'm sure there'd be a ton more stuff that I would be really proud of and loved because the the show is just reacting to the world constantly.

So there's always new stuff to do and weird new stuff to try.

And you're always going to be funny and you're always going to have stuff that you're going to do.

There's no guarantee of that, but it's true.

Yeah.

Do comedians ever stop being funny?

I'm not going to name names, but yeah.

Yeah.

It's terrifying.

I've never seen it.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Well, who do you think?

Stop being funny, bro.

Oh, long list.

I mean, the dude hanging with Mr. Cooper.

Yeah.

What was his name?

Mr. Cooper.

Yeah.

He's not being funny on that show.

Yeah.

The more people hung out with you, he fell off.

As soon as he joined the Golden State Warriors.

I don't think that's.

That's happened on the show, man.

Look, I'll debate this with you as long as you want, but that's when I thought he fell off.

All right, Eddie, how long do you want to debate this?

I'll go for a couple of minutes.

OK, great.

So he was with the kids at first.

It's fish out of water, you know?

It's like former basketball player, what being a nanny?

Funny.

OK.

Put him back in, put that fish back into water, and you're like, well, I know the fish is going to swim around.

Not that funny.

Shooting hoops.

Yeah.

But he's been out of the water so long.

Maybe he's not used to the water anymore.

The truth is that.

Yeah.

You're right.

You know what?

You're right.

A back off it.

I was about to back off it.

That's crazy.

Whoa.

I'm so glad I held my tongue.

Yeah.

Kind of good.

You win Andy.

It's not hard.

I win.

It's not hard to win a debate with me.

You just got to hold on to your opinion for more than 30 seconds.

You'll bail.

And I will bail.

Yeah.

I will bail.

Oh, man.

This is a lot easier than last time.

It's better.

Yeah.

We have rapport now.

Yeah.

Why are you ruining it?

No, no, no, no.

He would generously offer that you would have rapport now.

Yeah.

I thought that that would be a career.

I thought that that would ruin the rapport that would set up.

You was trying to keep us in the lane.

And the awkward stilted lane.

Oh, stilted.

Yeah.

Speaking of what is that?

What does that mean?

In reference.

You know what?

What's the next?

Yeah.

What's the next?

You're a nightmare.

Yeah.

I've heard that many times.

You often seem to be about to say something when we pause and we wait for it and then it leads nowhere and you to go, oh, yeah.

Never mind.

Yeah.

Well.

Yeah.

OK.

So why don't we take a break?

Let's take a break.

Let's hear a little message from our sponsors and one of Andy's songs.

And when we come back, we'll have more comedy bang bang, more Andy Zenberg and more bro.

We'll be right back after this.

This one goes out from the bottom of our hearts to the most important lady in our lives.

It's time to face some respect.

I hope you're proud of us.

Because we're proud of you.

Mama, you raised me right.

Mama, show me the light.

Mama, through a panicked strife.

Mama, you gave us life.

When I fell down, you were there to pick me up.

When I fell mad, you were there to build me up.

It gave everything you had in the world of me.

And you made me the man I'm supposed to be.

J. And even though I don't say it often enough, I appreciate everything you did for us.

Never take it for granted, because they didn't want to see the best part to you and now it's part of me.

Mama, and when I was killed outside, you kept us warm and held us down.

Hi boys, who once was back.

Mom, get out!

I'm a scudio!

Check it on my guy.

Get me the track, you idiot!

Just leave!

And welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang.

We're here with Andy and Bro, and boy, we're really doing it up.

Yeah, we're doing it to death.

Uh oh.

Andy, talk about your secret pain.

Go.

Ah, so much of it.

Just crying and like sad.

Yeah, sad stuff.

Just like.

Ah, why?

Yeah, sad stuff, man.

What's the saddest thing that ever happened to you?

Ooh, I got an answer for me, locked and loaded.

So as soon as they...

Do you want me to go to bro first?

Yeah, I have bro answers for bro, go ahead.

Ah, well, I had this dream to open up what would be like a bro's paradise.

It would be this like large warehouse space with different places, like one where you could sit and toke and get high, and then there's like another corner where you could sit and watch a movie linked up to a record or something.

Yeah.

And then another corner where it would be like all farm to plate food, and then another corner.

I guess it's too many corners.

There's a lot of corners.

You've only said three corners.

Unless it's a pyramid, you are owed one more.

Yeah, there would be a fourth corner that would be just like a drawing, like where you could like experiment with art and stuff.

And I wanted to kind of build this out, and I wanted to do it and do buy.

But it never worked out.

Is it a business or it's just a hangin' place or a witness? Yeah, it's a business.

Or a witness.

The farm food?

Well, yeah, it's the people who are hungry.

Or you could like calm if you're like on a journey, and like if you're...

What went wrong with the business and the things like who are you talking to about making it?

Yeah, I think that's what went wrong is that I never really did anything for it.

Did it for each other?

Yeah, at all.

Did you reach out?

Why Dubai, if you made no plans at all, was just Dubai in your head.

It's a pipe dream.

It's like, I just thought that Dubai...

They have a lot of...

Pipe dream, get it?

I do know that sometimes people smoke weed through a pipe.

Well, that's why that's technically very funny.

I appreciate you saying that.

You know how I'd forget it.

That's okay, so it made you sad though, and do you remember your lowest point?

It's now.

Really?

So this just happened to you?

Well, I'm telling you guys what's...

It was since Mission Impossible 4, you started having the street.

And then when Goats Protocol came out...

Wait, did you say Goats Protocol?

Yeah.

It was that...

Impossible 5 Goats Protocol.

It was Ghost Protocol, and it was number 4.

He said number 5, that's a different one, it's about friends.

Oh, is that coming up?

Thank you, Andy.

Insider info.

Yeah, no spoilers.

Someone's not checking Nicki Fink.

Hey, told you.

Told you.

This thing's coming out, and it will be a red hot trailer when they do post.

Oh, yeah.

Advisory.

There's Tom Cruise in a goat.

Following Protocol.

All right, Andy, you can edit bits out of this, right?

Oh, of course, if we ever had need to, but we never do.

Andy, you have another movie in the can with Rashida.

In the can.

And it's a big dramatic movie, you had a crying scene, and everything, right?

Have you seen it?

No, you were telling me about it.

There's a little bit of upset-ness in the film, yeah?

Yeah.

Yeah, real tears?

Well, I mean, I wasn't really crying about something I was sad about in real life, but they're ...

Did you work the tears up?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay, good for you.

Good for you.

I don't think I really roll any in the movie, but she certainly does.

She rolls tears.

She rolls them, that's what I call it.

Actually, every other take, I would actually roll one.

I go, I rolled one!

And I go, yeah, we're not going to use it.

Nice.

Oh.

Way to keep the emotional vibe gone.

Yeah.

What if your face was just crazy while you were trying to roll tears?

And that's why they weren't using it.

They're, please, stop.

They had to cut out every crying scene with Andy, because he was puking.

Oh!

I'm so sad!

Wow!

And then he would have this weird, effeminate scream about how sad he was.

So sad!

You don't have to give talking about how sad you are.

But I am!

Just say the lines, Andy.

It never says I'm so sad.

No, but yes, it's coming out in August.

Scott, thank you, Patrick.

What is it called?

It's called Celeste and Jessie Forever.

I love it.

It's a Sundance film that got picked up by Sony Pictures Classics, and it's going to get released.

I love Sony Pictures Classics.

Don't you?

Love him.

Favorite Sony Pictures Classics movie, Go.

Oh, they have so many classics.

It's hard to choose, but then her.

Yeah.

Has that gone over into the Sony Pictures Classics?

I'm pretty sure, yeah.

It's a classic.

It is a classic.

Yeah.

Battle of Shaker Heights.

There you go.

That's a great one.

Project Greenlight movie.

Yeah, man.

Yeah, you love Greenlight.

That's where the booth became the booth.

That's right.

What do you think about Dice being in Woody Allen's new movie?

Dice Man.

Dice Clay?

Dice Clay.

You could go homecoming.

I hadn't even heard about that.

Yeah.

I think it's a homecoming of sorts.

That's a total told you that Nikki Fink.

Yeah.

Let's pull up Nikki Fink right now.

Let's read everything!

Let's take a look at the trades.

No, yeah.

Dice and Louis C.K.

in his next movie.

C.K. I get.

Dice, I mean, I love it.

That's great.

I mean, Woody definitely saw his performance on Entourage.

I was just going to say, he was pretty good at it.

He gave me the voice from Bananas.

Johnny Bananas.

Woody loves Entourage.

Love.

He'll sit there with, who's he married to now?

Oh, yeah.

Guys are both really good at Woody and presents.

Yeah.

That's his catch rate?

Entourage.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, my God.

I'm watching it.

Oh, yeah.

That is the worst.

I can't believe it took me that long to figure it out too.

I think I'm humiliated.

That's a great impression.

Woody Ellen watching Entourage.

I like Woody Ellen on Entourage.

Oh, yeah.

That'd be amazing.

It's a Johnny Dremmer.

I just think you should do the show.

I think it would be great for your career.

Guys, just guess what.

Vince is doing the movie.

Well, what's going on with the Murphy group?

Fuck.

Everyone watched every episode.

Oh, yeah.

And we didn't like a single one.

Have I ever talked to Scott about my HBO theory about how they shoot sexines?

No.

Every sexine on HBO is reverse cowgirl.

Because it's like all flawed male protagonists that are kind of ugly and you don't want to look at them and hot girls with giant titties.

So they're like, let's get this frame where it's like boobs are like up and facing camera and a little bush and bouncing up and down and then down in the corner.

Really?

You see someone's head.

Steve Buschami.

And it is always jarring in those sexines when they wipe across.

Like they can't across and then you'll see like past the low order.

Yeah, exactly.

And then you'll see Buschami's eyes.

I imagine he's naked down there.

No, none of us need to see it.

We just need to see her clearly.

That's why we subscribed to HBO.

They should just have a show where it's just like hot girls like that just like bouncing up and down.

And you know what I mean?

You don't even need a dude in there.

You know what?

A show for men.

Okay, let's hear about it.

A show for men where it was just like chicks bouncing up and down.

Sports jokes.

Maybe the hosts are drinking beer.

Yeah, this is perfect.

You know what else there should be?

Is a fucking awards show just for the guys.

Oh yeah.

You should do it.

We should do it.

And we'll hand out like.

Best bro hang.

Yeah.

I'm sorry that would go to us.

And we would win that in a landslide.

Especially because we're going to run this show.

Yeah.

This fictional show that doesn't exist.

Yeah.

I don't know man.

In the post bridesmaids girls era I just think dudes need to take comedy back.

I know man.

I mean I'm tired of all these girls getting all the laughs.

Too much pussy in comedy.

Yeah.

You know what?

Yeah.

What do you think of bridesmaids Andy?

It's a classic.

It's a classic now.

Isn't it the greatest movie of all time?

And satisfying.

It's a Sony pictures classic.

I'm pretty sure it's not a Sony picture.

But it's certainly a Sony pictures classic.

It certainly is.

As much as Ben, her ever was.

Yeah.

Any movie that is a classic just jumps over to Sony pictures classics.

Immediately.

Yeah.

No matter if it's universal anything.

Yeah.

All the godfathers.

Yep.

Um, not a great movie.

Well.

You and Kristen never going to work together on something?

Do a movie together.

I'll do it in a heartbeat.

Yep.

She's she's my bro.

Yeah.

Total.

Also people seem to like her.

Yeah.

They like the way that she does.

Big standoff.

Yeah.

Big standoff.

Yeah.

Jealous much.

Yeah.

I was not.

I was happy for her.

Yeah.

And I said goodbye and lazy Sunday too in my own way.

Yeah.

But what about Suds, man?

I don't know his deal yet.

What about Suds?

Oh, okay.

I'm on a set of his weapons.

At first I thought you meant Spuds McKenzie is.

No, no, no.

I know.

I know all the nicknames for all that stuff.

You might come back.

Who knows?

Andy doesn't know.

I honestly don't.

No, but let's speculate.

I think one of two things will happen.

He either will or he will not.

Oh, man.

He's going to be funny either way.

Burned the tip of your dick with my fucking political answer.

You're going to be funny either way.

Going to be funny.

I bet if he comes back he has a great year.

It's a political year.

Oh, yeah.

Lots of stuff for Suds to do.

If he doesn't come back he's got a ton of movies.

He hosted the MTV awards just like you did.

He did.

Yeah, man.

What'd you think of Russell Brand this week?

You were on the show.

I presented with Sandler and Mies did a funny bit.

Did you ever think, first of all, before you get to what do you think of Russell Brand?

Did you ever think that when we were working together on the MTV awards and we wrote that awesome intro for late in Meester and Lil Wayne?

Yes.

Where if you put their last names together it's like a Hispanic person talking to Batman's alter ego, Meester Wayne.

Ha, ha.

Did you ever think you'd start a movie?

Gold.

I remember, first of all, I forgot about that joke and it is a doozy.

Meester Wayne.

To answer your question and get it out of the way, no, I didn't think I'd start a movie with her.

I also that year when I hosted, I was part of my ground rules were that it was cool to fart and I singled her out.

Yeah, you did.

I never met her before.

And I said, I'm looking at you late, Meester.

And you didn't even clear?

When it gets okay to fart in here at the movie, when it's a safe place.

And you said, I'm looking at you late in Meester and they cut to her and she seemed pretty psyched.

To fart, to finally let it rip.

That's what any actress in a really expensive dress wants to be have said about them while they're attending an awards show promoting something.

Did she mention it?

Oh yeah.

What'd she say, day one of filming?

She told me, I told my dad I was doing this movie with you and he was like, oh yeah, the guy who told you was okay to fart.

Yeah, so to late Meester's dad, I'm sorry.

Wait, but there was something else I want to talk about.

Oh, just that when we were writing the awards that year, how many Delgo jokes?

Oh, Delgo.

We got obsessed.

Delgo?

Jason Manzukas was working with us.

Yes.

You all know Jason Manzukas, very funny in the dictator.

Have you seen the dictator by the way?

I still haven't seen it.

He's great.

I haven't seen anything yet, but I want to.

And we were working together on these awards and Jason had just heard of Delgo or he'd just seen Delgo, which if you don't know what it is, it made the least amount of money in a theater of all time.

Yeah.

It's a, and it cost 100 million dollars.

It was an independent animated feature that somehow cost like 100 million dollars.

I didn't even heard of it.

I thought you were talking about it, hit Delgo.

No, hit Delgo did significantly better and I don't think that did very well.

Yeah.

But Delgo, we just got obsessed with it where every joke became about Delgo at a certain point.

We could, like there was enough scripts written that the whole movie where it could have just been about Delgo.

Right.

And it would have gone down in history as the worst, but also the most interesting.

I also think it was Neil Campbell.

He first wrote the first Delgo thing and Jason ran with it.

Well, he was obsessed.

Well, my question to that is like, you know, I know, I mean, I'm not super up on pop culture and stuff like that , but like I never heard of Delgo.

Do you think that at that time the audience would have- Oh, absolutely not.

...versed bond is strongly to that.

No, it would have been, um, it would have been a big dead.

Yeah.

And that's why we ended up doing 0.00 Delgo.

Oh, okay.

But it was by far the thing that was making us laugh the most.

We were right.

Well, we ended up reading a theater and watching it.

Isn't it weird?

It's funny, isn't it?

Isn't it weird?

Oh, man.

Isn't it funny?

No, we ran into theater and watched Delgo.

Uh, that's right.

A few, like a month later.

Oh, I got it.

Except the silent theater.

Yeah.

That's kind of family.

Yeah.

Which, uh, Delgo, not very good.

Shocker.

It was one of those ones where I was like, this is going to be so fun.

Oh, yeah.

It's going to be like watching the room with a bunch of comedy.

No.

And then like 20 minutes in, everyone was like, this is a mistake.

This sucks.

Yeah.

Get me out of here.

Yeah.

Well, we locked the doors and no one could get out.

Oh, well.

Yeah.

It was like the end of Inglorious.

I did that with a Bangkok dangerous.

Mm.

You know what I'm moving?

Is that with Cage?

Yeah, it's with Cage and...

I didn't saw that one.

Oh, god.

It's so bad that it's not even bad.

Did you see Drive Angry though?

Yeah, I saw Drive Angry.

Drive Angry was killing.

And Season of the Witch was great.

Season of the Witch was great.

With Ron Perlman.

Yes.

And like this like setting like the Salem...

No, no, no, no.

It was like the...

Wingblade way farther back.

And then there would be like these ghoulish ghosts that would like fly over and then Ron Perlman would be like , Oh, fuck.

Fucking ghost.

Yeah.

Oh, shit.

These ghosts are everywhere.

I had a theory about Drive Angry that it...

Oh, what was that?

That it wasn't...

I had a theory about Drive Angry that it wasn't called Drive Angry that they just tested it in that license plate that says Drive Angry.

Got such a big reaction that they called, but it was called like Back from Hell Guy or something.

Back from Hell Guy is a good name for a movie.

That's not bad.

Back from Hell Guy.

I've worked with Cage now, so...

What are you...

Oh, meaning on SNL.

Yeah.

Okay.

He got in the Cage.

And so...

I have a bunch of Cage questions.

Yeah, let's see.

Yeah.

Jewelry.

Do he have no jewelry?

I'm always interested because apparently he's like so horrible with money.

And I always think of him as like walking with like five rings on or something.

Like horrible.

It would be pretty killer though if he had like a rapper medallaging his own face and diamonds.

Yeah.

I'd be like, Well, there right there.

No, he was...

He was incredibly nice, incredibly grounded, totally god.

Did he know about the bit before?

Yeah.

And he was, I think, psyched to come in because obviously I was playing him the way his characters that are crazy are played.

Right.

But as him.

So I think it was fun for him to come in and sort of play off of that.

Nutter it a little bit, but also endorse it and have fun with it.

Is he...

Did you get a sense that he's kind of eccentric in the same way that maybe a Charlie Sheen would be off state?

You know where it's like...

I've heard, you know, crazy stories about him, but when he came in he was kind of all pro.

Yeah.

Just kind of smooth like, Hey, yeah, very nice to meet you.

Okay.

This is very funny.

Okay.

Like, nice working with you and took off.

Mm-hmm.

Did he do rehearsal as well?

Yeah.

You came in.

Dude, it was...

Every now and again at SNL when you like are doing your first blocking or whatever, like people come out onto the floor because they're just so curious.

That was definitely one of those.

People were like, This is going to be fucking awesome.

Yeah.

But uh...

It's also the thing like for me with Cage, people forget because he does so many action movies and shit now, but like he's properly funny.

Oh yeah.

Dude, Ransier's Kiss.

And Raising Arizona, like those are really fun.

Adaptation, he's amazing.

He's so good.

Yeah.

Yes.

Even his recent success.

He's amazing in that.

Yeah.

Awesome.

And he's a guest.

So it was cool.

It was cool for me just because I have such a huge friend.

Yeah.

Do yourself a favor if you don't know about how funny Nick Cage is.

Go look up on YouTube, the vampires kiss him uh...

Doing the alphabet.

Yeah.

That's all I want to say.

Yeah.

It's incredible.

Fucking one of the best takes of any movie.

Just...

Yeah.

How does he vary saying the alphabet like that?

It's so incredible.

Copeland jeans, man.

That's true.

Goddamn, copeland jeans.

You got them copeland jeans, by the way, there's also cop eland jeans like made of jeans.

Yeah.

That was a weird sidebar of his career when you're having to make these jeans.

Yeah.

He'll fit in.

He'll...

All of them boot cut.

Yeah.

And all of them boot cut.

They actually made your tummy look bigger too.

Yeah.

That's what he...

Yeah.

They give you a third chin.

What other questions you got for Andy here, bro, and vice versa?

Oh, god.

I mean...

Any questions for bro?

I got a question for bro.

I just want to like shoot.

Like, how's your person life?

Have you seen anybody?

Oh, rough.

Yeah.

Rough.

Just broke up with my lady.

Yeah.

She wanted me to get a proper JOB.

I was like, I have one.

You're like, I'm flying under the radar here, babe.

Yeah.

I'm off the grid, you know?

Yeah.

Is most of your income tax-free as well?

Yeah.

Well, I don't pay taxes, so yes.

That's what I meant.

Yeah.

Then yes.

Yeah.

Well, you know, the weed business is kind of slowing down though, because of...

In California.

Yeah.

They're closing all the dispensaries.

But I think...

I have a plan that will up my...

What do you got?

I'm going to join the Mexicans.

The cartel?

Yeah.

Okay.

On a low level scale, I mean, I'm not going to like...

I'm not like breaking bad or anything, but like...

I'm just going to start getting it from down south, you know?

All right.

Like transporting and mewling?

Mewling, whatever they need, you know?

I started at the bottom, worked my way up.

So you're going to get your mule on?

Okay, my mule on, yeah.

I'll roll...

I'm going to roll mule deep.

Your mule on Rouge?

Your mule on Rouge.

Yeah, yeah.

I'm going to cross over eight mule.

That's what they call it when your face gets flushed and hot and red from having drugs.

Drugs in your butt.

Yeah, mule and Rouge.

That's called that mule on Rouge.

Yeah, that's why when you walk through security, you got to make sure you're not blushing.

You got to put on some foundation.

But that's just what's going on with me.

All right.

Sorry to hear that.

I'm psyched for you.

Who knows what the future holds for you, bro?

I got a good idea.

How much longer do you think you're going to be alive?

Ooh.

Rough.

Question.

I'm going to check my phone while he gets right.

Please do, yeah.

Three.

I would say I think that I can live till old age.

Okay.

But most likely, probably after I go down south is the end.

Yeah, you think maybe another nine months.

Quick demise.

Nine months.

That's a baby.

That's a gestation period for a baby.

Good call.

Yeah, man.

Just putting together.

Hey, you call them like you see them, right?

Calls them like I see them.

All right, guys.

What do you say we can take one more break?

And when we come back, Andy will have figured out whatever is going on on his phone.

I was just letting bro kind of run it run his course.

Bad idea.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll play a game.

We'll be right back a little more comedy bang bang.

See ya.

Okay.

My mic sounds nice.

Check one.

My mic sounds nice.

Check two.

My mic sounds nice.

Check three.

My mic sounds nice.

Check four.

My mic sounds nice.

Check five.

My mic sounds nice.

Check six.

My mic sounds nice.

Check seven.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back.

We love you guys.

Love you both.

One of you more than the other.

Sorry, bro.

I'm pretty sure you've got that wrong.

All right, guys.

We're.

Cool flannel, Scott.

Thanks, bro.

Take it off.

Tails gear.

Whoa, cooler flannel underneath.

Flannel full body flannel.

I'm assuming that's why you wanted me to take it off.

Yeah, man.

I have one underneath.

All right.

It is time now.

We're reaching the last segment of the show, or we've reached it, actually.

Boop.

Go on forever.

No, I wish we could.

You're here so seldomly.

Well, hey, Andy, maybe you're going to be around now doing tons of movies.

Could be.

You're going to move to LA?

If you're not on it, if you're not on it, that's a no.

Where are you going to live?

I don't know.

I got a place in New York.

I'm probably going to stay there for now and see what happens.

Tell you.

You even thought about this?

Tell you what.

I'm going there for the film fest.

Once a year.

Guys, I moved to tell you around.

I waited out to that film fest.

Tell you what?

I came here for the film fest.

Never left.

Let's find a house.

The scenery, the film fest.

Let's buy a cabin together.

Let's do it.

Yeah.

That'd be so much fun.

And make it our primary residence.

Yeah.

Tell everyone in Atwood.

They know where to find me.

You want to work with us?

T-ride.

All right, it is time to do our final feature on the show.

It's time to play, would you rather?

Okay.

Oh, that made me say it.

Jacky.

It's a, I always do it to Bobby Nguyen.

It's the beginning of his smells like Pepper Guy.

Oh, yeah.

He hasn't done that in a long time.

I know.

Yeah.

Smells like love Mark Payne.

Mark Payne.

Bobby Moynihan.

Great guy.

He signed the table right here.

Yeah.

He is a great guy.

He's the sweetest.

Good to see you.

His last episode of the show, one of the best.

Yeah.

He's so good.

He had a killer season, man.

Yeah.

Drunk uncle.

So funny.

Great damn.

I love it.

I love the flesh cubality, too.

Oh my god.

I love the flesh cubed.

I'm back and forth.

Yeah.

I'll be honest.

I don't know.

My body is what you would describe a flesh cubed.

We're ruining this segment.

Yeah, we're just talking about Bobby.

Usually I don't like people to talk over the theme song, but I just...

Really?

Good conversation.

I can't believe you're not cool with people talking over that long theme song.

So you make it people sit here and listen to that bullshit.

Wow, you sound really angry.

It's terrible.

Almost like you've been made to do it before.

Yeah.

Andy didn't shoot you or you did a remix of one of our songs last time you were here.

Did I?

Oh, you did Hollywood Facts theme song, which we use many times.

Is that right?

Yes.

I love it.

Well, we stopped doing Hollywood Facts.

Wow.

But that's a great theme song.

I should have brought it back.

If I was only thinking, I would have brought it back just for this episode.

That's all right.

Do we have it?

Do we have Hollywood Facts on the iTunes?

Yeah, just look it up in iTunes.

And meanwhile, I'll talk about would you rather and give me a thumbs up or a thumbs down.

And if you give me a thumbs down, don't mean it like in Roman times where that meant a thumbs up.

I love it.

Do it like in America.

I love the way you treat the staff, Scott.

Oh, we got it.

OK, let's hear it.

This is Hollywood Facts theme song.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood Facts and we're going downtown.

Going to England Woods.

Oh, everybody's doing facts and no one's starting.

We found it.

Let's sing.

Oh, man.

Lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

Then go walking from Chinese theater.

Hollywood Facts.

Take out your dinner.

Check out the Facts on the Hollywood Facts.

Bro.

Yeah.

All three of us are on that one.

Yeah.

One, three of us.

Land down tracks.

Broch shouted himself out.

That's what I'd like to do anytime I'm on a cut.

Anytime I'm on a track, I just shut myself out.

Bro.

Yeah, actually, let people know you're there.

That song was much better than I remembered.

Not for me.

Wait, you were lyrics too about all the different places you can go.

I'm glad I shouted out at Inglewood.

Yeah.

And the Chinese theater.

Yeah.

People don't think to go there.

And then the distinct direction for all of us to take our d icks out.

Yeah.

Oh, man.

All right.

Well, it is time for a would you rather.

We all know how this is played.

People send me would you rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBB-W-Y-R, comedy bang bang, would you rather?

Or yes.

And then I'll read them out loud.

And then you ask me questions about either the scenarios and which will help you narrow down either of your choices.

All right, here we go.

This is from Eric Grissom.

Eric Grissom.

He asks, would you rather have VCR tapes for hands?

VCR tapes for hands.

Or be assigned by law to care for tiny versions of the American presidents.

Oh, I would.

Would you rather have VCR tapes for hands or be assigned by law to care for tiny versions of the American presidents?

And I will open the floor for questions.

By the way, Andy, you were there the very first time we ever played this game.

Is that true?

That is true.

I feel like is it Eric Grissom?

Like is it John Grissom, something?

Oh, yeah.

Probably.

Sure.

Grissom?

Yeah, I said Grissom.

Maybe I was thinking of Grissom like CSI.

Is it SH?

What do you want me to say?

If it's SH, then it's definitely not Grissom.

Oh, no.

It's a double S.

Oh, OK.

So it's not John Grissom.

No, but it could be Grissom's son from CSI.

Well, thank God we found out.

Uh, spelled.

Wait, would you rather have VCR tapes for hands or be assigned by law to care for tiny versions of the American presidents?

You can ask me any question in order to narrow down your choice here.

Like, do how, what age are the presidents at?

Like are they adults that can take care of themselves?

Great question.

Why would you?

They're actually baby versions of- It's like the Muppet baby presidents.

Yeah, exactly.

So it's like little Abe Lincoln, he's got a cute little baby beard and a cute little baby top hat.

Are they self-sufficient like the Muppet babies though, or I can just show up in like a purple skirt every now and again, check in on them and then go get off my life?

You are forced to wear a purple skirt in this reality.

Is Velcro sneaks?

Yeah, Velcro sneaks.

But it's mainly a 23 hour a day job.

Oh, that's so- They all have different sleep cycles, so they're all awake at different times.

But the idea is it's like this is your life now, either VCR hands or constantly looking after.

Exactly, yeah.

You've encapsulated exactly how you play this game.

Looking after 52 presidents.

I'd rather have the VCR hands.

Oh, please don't vote.

Yeah, in fact I'm going to have to doki points.

I'm going to have to doki 10 points.

Why?

It's not time to vote.

As a player on the original game, one would think you would know that.

I've laid a lot of roads since then, man.

Is that Cage?

Who is it?

No, that's just a guy.

Can I talk?

Scott, I would love it if you adapted James Lipton's rapport with the guests and asked if you could talk to the characters that they play.

They were here.

Can I talk to Nick?

That's very kind.

I love Andy.

How willing you are to do it.

I like so many people roll their eyes.

Dude, I'm good at two impressions.

You should do it in an entire show here as an occasion.

I would do it.

I did a little occasion in my Harvard speech.

Oh, that's right.

How did that go?

It was fun.

It was really fun.

You know what I'll say?

This is such a comedian, insecure complaint.

But it played really great.

I was really happy when I left.

And then I watched it back on YouTube.

And I was like, they didn't mic the audience.

So it sounds like you're dying.

It cuts to people laughing, but it looks like they're the only ones out of like 15,000.

So I actually said to Seth Meyers that and I was like, I know you're going to think I'm just making this up.

And he's like, no, that happened to me on the webbies.

I was like, they posted it online and the audience wasn't mic'd.

It looked like I was eating shit.

For the worst time.

I hope he doesn't mind that I said that.

That's what I feel like.

If he does, it's too late now.

Too late.

Hey, Andy has loose lips.

I've always said that about you.

Yeah, that I sink ships with my loose, cocksucking lips that I've ever seen.

Somebody said that about me before.

Wait, who's that about you?

This is one of the producers on SNL Steve Higgins.

His favorite quote about me of all time was Dan Savage, who writes that column Savage loves that I had a mouth thick and suck a dick sideways.

Wow.

Dan Savage.

So he's been saying that Steve Higgins has been saying that to me for seven years.

Here he comes.

Adam Sand which got a mouth thick and suck a dick sideways.

Just like, all right, you're my boss.

No wonder, no wonder it was time to go.

Yeah, boy.

It must feel good that you can finally kick him in the n ards.

That's what I'm going to miss the most.

What does he say to Suds?

Oh man, whatever he feels like he does this can.

Here's a guy who has to suck the dick.

Just coming right in.

Not like the nickname Suds for Sudegas.

I love it.

I think it's great, but it's also shitty.

All right, but I love it.

It's short for Sudegas.

No, is it?

Yeah.

Sude's here.

Way worse.

Guys, do you feel like today?

It's like punch you at a bar?

No, I think it's great.

I think it's great, but it's shitty.

Is this bro talking?

No, no, no.

I love the game.

I love this.

No, I love Kills, but he's killing.

Don't make it come to Fisticuffs up here and come at a bank bank.

That's right.

I feel like we got to get back to this game.

Okay, so I'm docking 10 points Andy.

All right, but that's not fair because you didn't re-go over the rules.

So sorry, but you were yawning during the rules.

And it made me feel like I had actively making fun of you for reading them.

And now I'm sleeping in the bed I made.

Bro, do you have any questions about either the tiny versions of American presidents or I mean, I feel like we haven't even covered the VCR tapes for hands.

No, I would take back my answer.

Can I get the 10 points back?

I haven't decided.

You get five of them back.

I haven't decided yet.

Okay.

Do I get the other five back if I switch my answer?

Depending on how your questions are.

All right, let's keep asking questions.

All right, I would go to the VHS.

Come on.

So obviously the better one.

Yeah, I don't want to care for those kids.

No, to not have opposable thumbs, but you have no life.

Man, you figure it out.

You can still have sex and eat.

Yeah.

How do you have sex?

You have VCR tapes for hands.

They're not pornos.

So you still what you need your hands have sex.

You have your wiener.

Yeah, but you still have to grab on to the other human being in a certain way, maneuver them, don't you?

Are you just going to sit there HBO style?

Okay, here are another questions.

Yeah.

Another question since you're so into this questions part.

Can you- It's the only way to play this game.

Can you use like a saw to make the VHS tapes like into like sort of like sharp fingers?

Oh, there we go.

So it's like Edward VHS tape hands.

If you could find- Edward Shankhands.

If you could find a foot operated buzz saw.

Because of course you can't operate the- You can't get a friend to do it for you?

No, you don't have any friends in this.

Could you use one of those?

Oh, well, that's a huge thing.

Well, you didn't ask, did you?

See now you're making fun of it.

Now you're making fun of it.

VHS hands.

You also have no friends.

You have no friends.

Whereas if you're taking care of the little presidents, they can be your friends.

They're your friends and you have people coming over to the house all the time.

Right.

Because they love the little- Yeah, it's an honor to be a little president.

Plus it's probably like you could charge people to come look at them.

Yeah, they didn't show you're rich.

Does Tiny Linkin have a beard?

He does, he has a little baby beard.

Yeah.

And it matches the drapes, if you know what I'm saying.

Do you know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

Do you have to do sex stuff with them?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

All the time.

You have to fuck the babies.

You have to fuck all the babies, which- But I'm- That's another negative though.

I might go back to VHS hands.

You're doing it in an instructional way.

Positive for me.

Negative for you.

One man's garbage is another man's baby sex.

Yeah.

So VHS hands.

Oh, god.

You're just- Every single time you vote early, you're getting 10 points off.

No, god.

So now I'm- What's gonna happen if I lose?

Now I'm winning.

I'm only- I'm only negative five and he's negative 20.

You're negative five, he's negative 20, yeah.

Okay.

It's anyone's game at this point.

Yeah.

I probably go VHS.

I can.

What?

There we go.

Seriously, what happens if we lose?

Huh?

We're not allowed back in your wolf.

You already are not allowed back in your wolf.

I don't know how you made your way past the guards.

You sent me a text that said, Andy's here bursting in Runet.

I sent you a text saying- I'm not allowed back in your wolf.

Maybe I did.

My goodness.

There's plenty of parking here on Front Street.

Any other questions here?

I feel like this is- Oh, this is so ripe for discussion, but you guys aren't injured.

What is in your mind?

What is on your mind?

What's on the VCR tapes?

What about that?

It doesn't matter.

You can't play them.

Yes, you can.

You can stick your hands inside any VCR.

The thing needs to close in order for a VHS thing to play.

No, it doesn't.

Haven't you ever taken the front door off of a VCR?

No.

Idiot.

You're getting mad at him for that.

That's true.

That was kind of surprising.

Idiot.

Why, you never messed with technology the way it came.

You don't open up your iPhone when you get it?

Open up my- What is that?

You don't figure out how it works.

You don't figure out how to get Verizon on it instead of AT &T.

No, I'm not a 13-year-old kid for the go-to-code protocol.

Yeah, no, but yeah, you are able to stick those VCR tapes right into these- What's on the right one?

On your right hand?

Those are baby movies from when you're a baby.

But you have no one to show them to because you have no friends.

So it's- I don't want to kind of like, okay, what's on the left hand?

On the left hand is a mission of possible five.

Oh, goats-prote.

Goats-prote.

Yeah.

Goats-prote.

And a high five was had.

Terrible high five.

Call back high five.

Is it terrible high five?

It was a high five that it was about as good as it deserved .

Two Jewish hands missed.

Speaking of which, did somebody turn the AC either up or down?

Also, do you have any baby Tylenol?

All right, I'll close the floor for questions and then we 'll vote.

Close in the floor unless you have one under the wire.

No, all right.

Closed.

Are the presidents- How tall are they?

Right.

I'm so sorry, but you voted after the floor was closed.

I'm going to ask you another 10.

What? For asking a late question?

Yep.

So minus 25 and minus 20.

Close game.

Yes.

Close game.

All right.

So let's vote.

Andy.

How do you like to vote?

Um...

I'm going to opt for the presidents so I can have friends.

President?

Because that's what it's all about.

That's what life is about.

The human connection.

Human- the human touch.

That's brispricing.

Saying about it.

He did.

Also- He loved it.

To have no friends like no one to talk to and you can't jerk off.

Yeah.

That's the VHS scenario.

Yeah, exactly.

That's like a Twilight Zone episode where like the one guy who loved jerking off also wished for VCRs.

And there's an atomic bomb hanging in the air 10 feet above me.

And he works in a library.

And his fortune cookie says you're dead.

And he's taking a plane ride and sees it out on the wing.

And there's a gremlin and the cribkeeper is there.

Yeah.

Cribkeeper is just dropping by.

Hey, I heard about Twilight Zone.

Her is just pretty fun.

All right.

How did you vote?

Okay.

So you voted for the VHS.

No, I voted for the presidents.

Oh, that's right.

The little tiny presidents.

And I would probably end up having sex with them.

And you're going to have to wear a skirt.

Well, wait.

No.

Because you never said that you couldn't have sex with full grown adult ladies.

You just have to take care of the presidents.

You, well, you didn't ask.

You're not allowed to have sex with full grown ladies.

Well, I still would rather do that than not be able to jerk off with my VHS hands.

Do you know, did?

All right, bro.

How do you like to vote?

VHS hands.

Okay.

So the op.

Yeah.

I don't want to take care of anything.

Ever.

So I'd rather have VHS hands than be and be lonely.

Just watching old.

Yeah.

Whatever.

Video of yourself as a kid.

Yeah.

Next to goats, broats.

Yeah.

And then not paying for prostitutes and stuff.

Paying for, no, you can't pay for anything.

You don't have any.

You don't have to.

You can't operate a wallet.

Paypal.

You can't operate a computer.

Why not?

Paypal-ly.

I'm starting a list.

You just paypal-ly.

Paypal-ly.

To wait to do more projects or to stop doing projects.

Either way, it's a Kickstarter.

Get in on the ground floor.

Yeah.

There's two different buttons you can click.

Pay or don't.

Or pay for me to continue my career or pay for me to stop.

Either way.

This character, you have just the most tenuous grasp on this character.

I wear it like a thin veil.

So you realize you're going to die after three days because you can't eat, you can't walk water.

I think that your definition of these rules are willing, n illy.

I mean, like, why can't you eat?

Because you can't pick up any- People with no hands don't eat.

No one feeds them.

People feed them, but you have no friends.

But friends are different than people that work for you to feed.

But how do you pay these people?

You're independently wealthy.

I've charged people to come see the man with videotape hands.

I never thought about this.

You're allowed to just make up stuff?

I didn't realize.

What do you mean you're allowed to just make up stuff?

You're independently wealthy.

Are you independently wealthy?

It's you.

Yes, I am independently wealthy.

How long is that going to last, though, once you have- Well, I've invested well.

Do you keep reading?

I've invested all my money in Facebook and Sony.

Were you one of the early people that I went down?

Yeah, I did.

So you lost money on it?

I did a mural.

I did a mural for Facebook and was paid in stock.

Wow.

That was really y'all.

Just me, I wanted to get that right into the mic there.

We got it.

Yeah, that's my boy.

In theater.

Out to Friday.

Plug away.

All right, well, I'm going to tally up the points.

What's in your usual?

The Casey Wilson Show.

It is called the Casey Wilson Show.

It's a daytime talk.

By the way, same writer.

That's my boy.

Yeah.

Yeah, we should talk about that.

Yeah, David Cast.

It was freaking trying to cool your way out of your network television show.

We didn't cool my way out.

You hate your job.

Admit it here on Bang Bang.

You hate it.

No, I can't hate it more than- Yeah, it's not great.

Didn't win it.

Whoa!

What?

I'm that great.

Wow, okay.

Didn't win him.

Marino also write on your movie.

Waiter Oh, oh.

And, uh, he's a hatter.

And pulling it out, bro.

Yeah.

With the whole, you're independently wealthy thing.

I never realized.

I'm usually the one who knows all, but you- Fuck that.

Yeah.

So you get 20 points for that.

So if you get one the last time we do this.

What did I get?

Is I getting more points?

You got 24 points.

Now, what do I win?

The great questions that you asked.

24.

Yeah, so you're negative one.

What do I win?

Do I get to be on Galmania?

Yeah, please.

Enjoy it.

All right.

That's how you play.

Would you rather?

Bobby Moynihan is the best guy.

Love Booby Moynihan.

Welcome to our new segment, Bobby Moynihan Talk.

Every time that music comes on, I just want to tell people how great he is.

But you know, they should let him keep the beard on us.

Because, you know, Bobby looks better with a beard.

That's what he says, but I don't agree.

I think he's got a sweet face.

I mean, he is handsome.

A handsome kid, but I- I- when I knew him, he had a beard.

That's how you knew it.

That's what the music is like.

Yeah, I know.

When he first got already, he had a beard.

Yeah, a beard.

Yeah.

And long, crazy hair.

Yeah.

Who's the Unibom?

Yeah.

He was not a great look, but the beard is better, I feel like.

For him.

I'll just tell him that.

You're not really allowed to have a beard on the show, because you've got to do wigs and stuff.

Yeah, you play different characters.

Yeah, yeah.

Dan Eckwood, you used to have the mustache.

Yeah, I remember all his characters had a mustache.

Yeah.

But he even- But even Nixon had a mustache.

Yeah.

I can't speak to that.

Yeah.

All right, that is- You did it when I came in here.

You're like, you're bad at press.

You're like, I can't speak to that.

I believe the fifth on Acroids Mustache and Wahlberg.

That is how we play Bobby Moynihan talk.

Thanks for bringing it back up.

Fucking ockerman.

Guys, we're at the very last thing, which is a little thing that we like to call plugs.

Yeah.

This is my mother's turn.

This is the movie I was in.

Is this Reggie Watts?

Yeah.

This is all Reggie Watts.

Who is it?

Reggie Watts.

It's Reggie Watts.

Reggie Watts.

He sounds good.

Yeah.

New style for him.

Reggie Watts from IFC?

From IFC.com.

Nothing he can't do.

No, that of course is high-fi.

High-fi.

Thank you so much for that plug, see if you have a similar plug, see if you're even a very different one.

Go head on over to earwolf.com to message boards.

Be like Reggie Watts.

Do what Reggie Watts did.

Red.

He went to the message boards and he put it in the appropriate thread.

Thanks, High-Fi.

You are famous for a week.

And all right, let's do some plugs.

I didn't know that Reggie Watts had a side band named High- Fi.

He's amazing.

Yeah.

Well, almost sad.

What do you got, Andy?

You got, of course, that's my boy.

That's my boy, June 15th.

How much are you hoping?

Are you, first of all, are you hoping for Boff-O-B-O?

I want Boff-O-B-O all the way, but I'll tell you this, if it's not Boff-O-B-O, no hard feelings, I think it's a funny movie and I'm proud of it.

Wow.

And you stand behind this movie.

I genuinely do.

It's a funny movie.

You were telling me off-air.

You were saying it's a really funny movie.

I watched the movie when they first cut it together and I genuinely laughed hard.

I was very relieved.

That's weird.

That's great.

Most of the time people, when they don't feel that way.

Most of the time people hate their own work too.

You know what I mean?

I've been in movies that I watched them and I was like, Yeah.

Right.

And this was not one of them.

Awesome.

Yeah.

That's great.

And it's very exciting for you to be just top-lining this movie.

That's just behind Samler.

Yeah.

But it's great.

I mean, it's fantastic.

Have you driven past the billboards and everything else?

Yeah.

No, it's exciting for me.

It's if the 13-year-old me saw a billboard with me and Adam Samler out of his head, he'd smash his head into a wall until blood streamed down his face with excitement.

Yeah, yeah.

I would love to meet the 13- Except if the 13-year-old me, you would be around the time little Nicky.

I don't think that's true.

I don't think that's accurate.

No.

That's bad.

Bad math.

Why?

Wasn't it a little Nicky?

Well, he said he's 33.

13-year-old me.

It was 20 years ago.

It was in 1992.

Little Nicky was- Wasn't like junior high.

Yeah.

And Samler wasn't even making movies of them.

You're right.

Yeah.

You're right.

Bad math.

Just wanted to get my little Nicky reference.

Yeah.

Oh, maybe we should have paid attention to that.

Yeah.

You're being a little Dicky.

Yeah, I was being a little Dicky.

Say my voice with him.

Yeah, it's really easy to hide behind a character and slam people's work.

Sure.

You're not really you.

Sure.

Just say the character thinks that.

Yeah.

No, sure.

That's why- But I'm going to strip away everything right now.

You are not a character named bro, are you?

No, I'm not.

You're a man.

That's man.

Named Adam Palley.

I'm not that comfortable as me.

Who hates his day job?

Went on the record as saying so- Went on the record.

Hates Jason Sudeikas and Adam Sandler.

Yeah.

And who else do you hate?

Scott Ocherman.

Andy Samberg.

Yeah, I get that.

Yeah.

Your career is over, buddy.

Yup.

What do you want to plug there, Adam?

What do you got?

You got happy endings coming back.

Happy endings coming back in the fall.

And when is this error?

This error is Monday.

Right.

I'll plug this.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

I love people to listen to this.

Okay.

It's a little weird to plug the thing they just listened to at the end.

Because they already listened to it if they're hearing you.

New business idea.

Whoa.

New business idea.

End plugs.

End plugs that tells you- Because a lot of people, they pick up these podcasts in the middle.

Yes.

A lot of people do that.

Yeah.

And they're like, No.

You're both shaking your head yes right now.

They go bad.

No, when you shake your head from side to side.

That means you're thinking about it.

It's considering it.

Considering.

That's the universal sign for considering something when you just like.

Yeah.

Maybe.

I'm into it.

Kind of.

End plugs.

Okay.

End plugs.

So you want to plug some end plugs?

Great.

All right.

First of all, I want to give a shout out to John.

And oh my gosh.

I hope I am going to attempt this in the right way.

John Magell Day.

Or Mejel Day.

Probably is MJELDE.

Mejel day maybe.

John, you donated $100 to the studio.

Thank you so much for keeping the doors open.

I appreciate that.

Mahalde.

How would you say it?

It might be the J might be silent.

Yeah, Mahald.

Or the M might be silent.

Oh, Jelle Day.

Or.

Mjel.

Hello, Ray.

Call back.

High five.

Yeah.

Call back.

Um.

You called back the callback high five.

I did.

That's.

No, I should get a second high five for that.

Um, I want to thank him.

I also first.

Okay, so thank you so much for watching episode one.

A comedy bang bang on IFC.

Watch this Friday.

We have.

Portlandia.

Portlandia is back.

Awesome.

But it has a different name and stars.

A totally different person.

Awesome.

But this week is the Amy Poehler episode.

With Amy Poehler and Amy H.

Allie H.

And.

Yeah.

Allie hates Poehler.

Me and Poehler do not get along these.

You were on the show there before.

Yeah, sweet lady.

Sweet lady.

The greatest.

Um.

We give Mazzie eye to eye.

Yeah.

A lot of people you've seen that episode online already, but it was missing about a minute that we cut out that'll be on the TV.

So watch it again this Friday.

Check that out.

And that is it guys.

We're closing up the old plug bag.

That's fine by me.

End plugs.

Wait, was that Cage?

No.

Anytime you sigh, I think it's Cage.

That's fine by me.

It's a little extra.

A little extra Cage.

It's very comedy Scott.

Guys, I want to thank you.

This has been a fantastic show.

Andy, thank you so much for dropping by.

I love our yearly visit.

Me and you both.

More and more, please.

More.

Please move out here.

We should hang out off Mike sometime.

That would be the dream of my dreams.

The dream of my dreams.

My stars, the moon and stars.

And Adam.

Yeah, thanks for coming by.

Okay, so.

You shed on a lot of comedy people today, Adam.

Yep.

That's how you rise to the top.

Alright guys, we'll see you next week.

Thanks so much.

Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Dog.

Come.

The world's dead.
