---
layout: page
title: 163. Ken Marino, Steve Agee, Janet Varney, Deanna Russo [12927⧸21047].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Well, one of our guests may not be showing up, but four others are.

Packed House today, we have Steve Aji from the Sarah Silver man program.

Also, Mark Orlando from Burning Love, that reality series that we're all watching.

He is here and he's brought two of the female contestants along with the show.

We're going to talk about that, his experience, about that show at length.

Also, I have big news regarding a comedy bang bang live tour coming to a town near you this summer.

So stick around for that, all of that and more all on today 's.

Will you get me the frozen carrots to put on my chest?

Yes. Welcome to comedy bang bang. Thank you for that answer .

Steve Aji, my guest for the entire hour. That's what I'm here for.

That is a catchphrase sent to us by Jim Martin. Thank you, Jim Martin. Your catchphrase was a winner.

Loved it. Loved it. Welcome to the show. This is comedy bang bang.

My name is Scott Ockermann and I'm here with my total bro.

Broing it up. What I like to call a bro down. The bro down showdown.

Bro down gives the impression though that we're having a contest.

What kind of contest would that imply? Who can bro it up the book?

I think you would win that. I don't know. Well, maybe.

Your guy who always has pot. So to me, that's...

I haven't smoked pot in two weeks. Say what now?

Oh no, I smoked it last night. Never mind.

Hard at one of the side effects you forget. You're never going to change.

Never. Let me set the scene here. This is June 18. We are in the middle of June and...

2012. 2012. And of course we're taping this a year in advance as you all know.

But so it's 2011 to us. So I'm sorry if some of our references seem a little stale.

Thank you so much for watching the comedy bang bang TV show . That's been going great.

I appreciate all your kind words. It's been very exciting for people to see that.

You're the toast of the town. The talk of the town.

Town town.

Let's see. The last episode that we showed was the Amy Poe hler one, which was just Friday.

This Friday we have John Hamm. We have Nick Crowell. We have...

Lady... Lady... Lady... Leo Allen. Lady... Lady... Lady...

Lady... Leo Allen.

Not a lovelier lady there is. Plus a bunch of fantastic guest stars. So please watch that show on Friday night, 10 p.m. IFC and Steve. Little discombob ulated. What's happening here?

The show is not the show that I expected it to be. Now I know a lot of times people listen to the show and a lot of crazy things happen. Your show is not the show you expected it to be?

Well, I mean, let's talk about it. I have a transparency.

That's what I'm all about in podcasting. Transparency. We had a musical guest. He's not here. Oh yeah. He's not here. We were going to take up a lot of this first segment talking to him . I hope he's okay. I hope he's okay too.

That would be... Yeah, what if I got on TMZ right now? And as much as I've been complaining about him not being here. No, but we had a musical guest, Loudon Wayne Wright III, who is not here.

Maybe he'll be on another show. I don't know. Probably will . I don't know. He's only in town for a little bit, but hey. Oh, he's not a L.A. native. He's a New Yorker, right? I don't know. I don't know the first thing about him. To be honest, I was looking forward to getting to know him.

That was my first question, as a matter of fact. Where do you live, Loudon?

Complete address. Loudon Clear. Let us know where you live.

So he's not here, so he was going to be doing songs the entire show. Those of you who hate the musical guests, you're probably excited right now. You know , I think you're in the minority, but I understand... Those of you who hate me are probably really bummed out now. Those of you who hate Steve and love Loudon. Well, I'm so sorry. I am sorry. But coming up on the show after we talk to Steve a bit, I do want to just sort of hype that we have a really interesting guest who's on a reality show. Burning Love, the star of Burning Love will be here after the break.

I'm excited to meet him. Along with some of the people that he's on that reality show with, so that's very exciting. Yeah. Have you been watching that show?

Yeah, I have. I love it. It's captivating, isn't it? It is.

All you know, most reality shows are, that's why they're so popular. The twists and turns of human emotions.

It's a roller coaster. Literally. It's a roller coaster.

They film that show on a roller coaster.

Yeah, the whole show takes place on a roller coaster. A lot of people don't realize that, because they have these cameras that are still now to where it's a lot like a steady cam, where you don't realize you're on a roller coaster. Yeah.

It's pretty crazy. So we'll talk to him about that. Mark Orlando will be here. But currently I'm talking to Steve AG. I said it like those are initials, AG. No, that's good. I actually like that.

What would those initials stand for if they actually were initials and not your last name? Always going. Yeah. Steve, always going.

Going at what? Going at it. At it. What is it? It is what it is. It is what it is.

It is what it is. It is for all. This is a total bro down.

Bro down.

Steve, where do people know you from? Go. Sarasota government program. Big fan.

That's it. That's the only thing people know you from. No, Twitter.

You had a million followers. Yeah. Really early in Twitter 's infancy. Boom, a million.

A million. How did you get one million followers? Well, it was this weird, perfect storm of Sarasota. I'd been on for like six months and had like 4, 000 followers. And then Sarasota signed on on a Sunday. And by the next day, she had 5,000 followers. And I was like, right, what the fuck, man? That's bullshit. And so I made this video or no, I made a tweet saying, if I get 5,000 followers by the end of the week, I will do a live video trend. You know, it was a webcast. I'll do live video webcast where I read every one of my followers names.

Yeah. And it was just slowly kind of gaining momentum until Rainn Wilson retweeted that. And then it just started skyrocketing. And by the time rocket king, by that, and it was, it just started rocket kid. It's skyrocketing. By the time you actually read all the names, how many names did you have to read? Like 8,000. 8,000 names. But by that Friday, which was my cutoff date, Oprah did a show about Twitter. She had Jimmy Fallon on the show and Ashton Kutcher. And Oprah signed up for a Twitter account that day. And every fucking woman in America signed up for Twitter. And I had been put on a list that week of people recommended to follow, I think because of what Rainn Wilson said. So you is somehow in the algorithm, your name popped up of like, Oh, this person's popular and getting a lot of followers. And so when people signed up for Twitter, they were just automatically following you a lot of Oprah's fans following you. And that never stopped. So like, I think what you're getting at is that I eventually deleted my Twitter account. I'm not getting that. I'm just wondering how you got a million so early.

That's how it happened. Just from all those Oprah fans, literally every week until the point where I deleted, I was getting like, I was probably getting about 1000 followers a day.

It's got to feel good. It felt all right. Most of them were spam bots that weren't real.

And you deleted your account because there were a lot of spam bots. What happened?

Not a spam bots. A lot of what Brody Stevens would call negative energy.

Negative energy. Do not enjoy it. And yeah, so that's one of the few things he does not enjoy.

No, he hates negative energy. And so I just deleted it. I was trying to work on a script and I was just too obsessed. How did that script come out? America wants to know it is finished and in my computer. That's where it belongs. Yeah, where we'll stay.

Any actors mouths, any of those lines coming out of actors mouths anytime soon? Probably not.

Okay. Right. Well, Steve, you're one of America's great treasures. Sweetheart.

I value your friendship. Thanks, Scott.

And I think we've officially run out of stuff to talk about . Yeah. Unless you have anything. You have something? Well, I sold a show recently to FX. And so that's something to keep your eye out for folks. It's still in negotiations though with lawyers and stuff. So I don't have a lot to report other than I sold the show. I think I might have been right that we were out of stuff to talk about. Well, we definitely are now considering I didn 't bite with your FX.

Good story though about FX. It usually gets more of a response than what you just did.

All right. Tell you what, let's go to a break. When we come back, we will have Mark Orlando.

Some of the other contestants on his rate will hear all about his reality show, Burning Love, when we come back right after this negative energy. Enjoy it.

Don't.

La tiara. La tiara is lo que se so un ranchero. Ino se na da. No se na da. Hey.

Por que re llal una y en la no se. Por que da ma ela y en la no se. Por que a es lemte a la tonto.

Por que a es lemte a la no se. Por que a es lemte a la no se. Por que a es lemte a la no se.

Comedy Bang Bang, we were back with Steve Aji that was not loud and way and ride the third.

I got word during the break. He isn't officially not coming . Done. But we wish him well. He is alive.

Good riddance. We know. Hopefully he'll be on another show.

Yeah, that's why I say good riddance.

You know, I don't say goodbye anywhere. I say great bye.

Why should someone to have just a goodbye? If you really hate someone, it would be funny to say bad bye bad bye asshole.

All right. Well, during the break, also our next guest came into the show and we want to welcome that.

First of all, let me just say the star of the show is here.

Burning Love. Okay. Burning Love is a reality show. It's out. It's been out right now. It's been out for a little while. They're in the middle of filming. We hear a siren. I hope that's not related to you guys. I hope that's not related to Loudon. I hope that's not an emergency paramedic of any sort.

No, but Burning Love is the show. It's on right now. It's been on for a couple of weeks, but you're in the middle of filming it and we have the star of the show. He is a fireman who is on this reality dating show called Burning Love.

Please welcome Marco Lando.

Yes. Welcome. Thank you for having me. That's good.

Yeah, my pleasure. My pleasure. And you brought... You should probably talk into the mic.

Yeah. Well, I'm sorry. You're facing away from the microphone.

Oh, talking about that thing right now. I'm sorry. I'm not used to this.

Do you have a... Do you get a microphone put on you for the show or...

They put stuff on me on the show, yes. You never ask them what this is.

What this is. I don't ask what it is because I wouldn't...

That's not my...

It's not your field of expertise, that's not what I know.

You're a fireman. Yeah. If somebody asked me to put out a fire, yeah, I'd do that. If someone were to come and put a hose on you, sure, I'd be like, oh, I get this. This is a hose. This hose doesn't belong on me. That's what I would probably say. Well, you brought a couple of your...

What is the term for the contestants or a couple of your girls? The ladies on the show? The ladies on the show. Yeah, that's the term.

Potential love interest? Potential wife. Potential wives, yeah.

Because when I'm looking for something... Ultimately, the show, you're hoping that the show leads to a proposal and... I hope so. I'm certainly looking for someone to spend the rest of my life with.

Okay, well, let me introduce them briefly and then I want to talk to you, Mark, a little more about why you started doing the show.

But I'll just find somebody to spend the rest of my life with. No, we cover that. But I guess I want to get a little more specific about the reasons why you don't know how much deeper I can get into that. Well, look, we'll get to it. Don't worry. Okay, so I want to say hello to you ladies. First of all, we have Carly. What's up? Okay, and Tamara G. Hi, I always wanted to be on radio. This is so much fun.

Thank you. It's a podcast. But a little bit of... Kind of like radio. It's kind of... Yeah, it's radio for young people. It's the new radio. Podcasts are the new radio. Will this be on TV?

No, no. This is one of the things you're doing that's not on TV. Yeah, not unless your camera crew came along. No, they didn't. I don't think they came along.

Normally, the camera crew comes along with when you do an appearance like this. Yeah, I think we turn... I think I lost them at a light, unfortunately. Oh, okay. Oh, we were driving here. I rode my bike here. Can they hear us right now? We can tell them how to get here. Yeah, this is not live, unfortunately. Yeah, like I said, we're filming this in 2011. So, yeah, if they came now, they would have really missed us.

Yeah, like a long, long time ago. Well, ladies, it's so nice to meet you. We'll talk to you in a second. But I do want to just talk to Mark a little bit about just the show in general. Can you describe the show for me? Absolutely. It's a show about me and it's me looking for love. It's as simple as that. I feel blessed, actually, that I got the opportunity to do a show like this.

I've been searching for love for a long time. I just stumbled into this. Some people came to the firehouse and asked if I could be on their show. I said , yes, of course, because who doesn't want to be famous. And so I signed up for it and I've been working out ever since.

You've been working out since then. Yeah, yeah. Is that a big component of the show?

Is you working out? I just like to work out in general. I like to feel good about my body and I think the ladies like it. Yeah, I'm trying to... It's got so hot in here.

Wow. What are you packing under there? First of all, how you weigh?

Are you talking about my penis? No, no, no, no. I just mean like, what's under that shirt?

I mean, I very seldom ask guests to text, text, tell, to typical body parts.

You're obviously a good looking guy. Thank you. You have a job.

I don't float that way. No, no, I'm not hitting on you. I'm just... I see what's up.

Trying to dig a little deeper and find out why you... You seem like you would have been able to meet girls without the help of a TV show. Yeah, but you get paid a little bit and I'm hoping to get on some magazines and things like that. So there are perks to it. For what purpose, though, to what end? Fame. Fame and what do you hope to do with this fame? Be famous.

Be famous and then what would that get you? I'm assuming more fame, but I haven't really thought about it that much. I haven't thought about that either. That's interesting. I don't know why any of us are doing this other than... Do you want a snowball effect of fame?

Well, I want fame, but I also want to find love. Okay. So let's talk about the love part of it.

Absolutely. First of all, how... Before this, you say you 've been searching for love for a long time, but how have your past relationships been? I know why have they been unsuccessful?

I just haven't really found somebody that I've connected with. And I think it's important to connect with somebody if you want to love them . Okay. In what way, though? That's kind of a thing. You know, emotionally and physically, mostly physically. I guess for me, I like sleeping with women, but I don't know if that constitutes love. Does that make any sense?

I guess so. I mean, you're trying to say that you have slept around a lot. I've slept with a lot of women, and I've told them I love them. Okay. But I didn 't mean it. Okay. And I'm looking for someone where I can tell them I love them and really look them in the eye or not. I don't know if you have to do that. Yeah, I don't know. And mean it.

Yeah. After admitting to this, though, that you didn't mean it in the past, aren't you afraid that the girls, especially the two that are with us right now, are not going to believe you if you eventually say it to them? I don't think so.

I mean, I think they're going to be totally cool that because I think they don't want to get kicked off the show. Yeah. Right? But I don't know. It's a lot like when you're in court and they prove that you've lied about something else. Why should they believe anything you said?

Man, I've never been to court. Good. Good. Good. Am I, have I done anything wrong here that I would go to court? Maybe. We'll find out. We will definitely find out. We're going to review the tape. No, we're going to review the tape after you leave.

And then I thought we weren't videoing this.

Audio tape. You can tape audio as well. Yeah. What? Audio tape. Audio sounds. Oh, sound tape.

Boy, we really have to go back to the beginning with this.

Sound tape. Sound. Just audio for short. Yes. Well, but you can call it sound tape, right?

I sound you can shorter than audio tape. I guess so. I guess she's got a point.

So this is a sound tape show. This is a sound tape.

All right. Well, Mark, so you're on this show. You're in the middle of the process.

Yeah. And it's been an amazing journey. Do you know sort of where you're leaning towards at this point? Have you developed feelings for these women? You know, I'll be honest with you, Scott.

I've had feelings for all of them. You know, and I have a gauge for that, which is I tend to get an erection when I'm attracted to somebody.

And I feel like for most of the most of the women on the show, I've received my body has given me some sort of an erection.

The minute you see them. That's so sweet.

The minute I see it, sometimes, you know, and sometimes, you know, the minute I touch them or sometimes, you know, just when I'm talking to them on the phone or whatever.

Is that difficult to tape a TV show while you're just constantly having your penis be erect and then go down erect and arrest the reckless? No, I would.

What I do is I take duct tape, okay, which I don't know if you guys know this, but in I do know about duct tape and you can do pretty much anything with duct tape. Yeah, right. I just tape it down. Oh my god.

That seems painful. Yeah, I don't know if I suggest to our listeners to do that.

I highly recommend it. There's got to be better ways of hiding boners. Steve, keeping your pants on. If you like a good gene, good pair of jeans will hide an erection.

A good pair of jeans will look what brand. This is news to me. Levi's.

By the way, Levi's, if you want to use that quote from Steve, Levi's. Levi's hides your erection. Yeah.

No, that's that that's probably a great Levi's. It hides your erection. Yeah, exactly.

We should get them on the horn. We should because that duct tape, have you taken off the duct tape since you put it on yet? Oh, that's going to be a bad day.

Do you just keep adding more? Do it?

Oh, you just urinate down your leg? Yeah. Oh boy.

There's that. These women are in for a treat. I wash up right afterwards.

Okay. I mean, it just supplies me with all sorts of clothes .

You know, as many pairs of pants as I need. So if I, you know, soak one down, take it off, boom, I put on another pair of pants and I'm ready to go. Let me turn to the ladies here.

Carly, you're you are breathing heavily, sighing heavily. I am I into the microphone. Yeah, audible. I didn't realize that. I was, I was just lost in my thoughts.

But it seems like a reaction to, you know what? I think it was like, if there were going to be a day where I successfully forgot that he had a dick, today's not that day. Clearly because pretty much the entire time I've been sitting here, you guys have been talking about that.

So I didn't sign up for that. That's not what I thought I was coming in here. I have to apologize.

I forgot that the ladies were here and I was talking like I was in a boy's locker room and I apologize. That actually doesn't bother me that much. But, you know, if you're talking about other things, you would talk about it in a locker room. Maybe not so much with your own politics, business, sports. Sure. Sure. You know, those are topics that you were talking about. Yeah, sure.

Are we going to whip each other with towels now? I would love to whip each other with towels, but I don't really have towels. I don't have towels. I don 't have towels.

Or starter. It has some towels in the studio. Yeah.

Just in case the situation like this ever breaks out. Yeah.

Wow. Do you guys think it's possible to find love on a TV show? Tamara G, I'm going to start with you. I do. Is it Tamara or Tamara? It's Tamara as in Mark's future. Ah. Tamara, Tamara, and Tamara.

Creeps in this petty pace from day to day. Did you just get out? To the last syllable of recorded time. Mamet. Wow. You do know playwright. Wow. But you just don't know the most famous one.

That is amazing. You do David Mamet.

All right. So Tamara G, what is the G Stanford? Can you talk about it or is that to protect your identity? I don't think you should say. You don't need it, but no. No. You don't need a bunch of weirdos, right? Funny out. I know Carly, you're always looking out. I know my parents might, you know, get bombarded with fan mail or something. But I was such a fan of the first season of Burning Love. Let's talk about the first season. Who was on the first season? You didn't see it.

It was with Joe and Symphony. It was just a joke in Symphony. It was the most beautiful love story.

Okay. And then what, how they ended up he proposed and what happened to him.

He proposed to her and they seem to be happy. And you know, I hope to at some point get a chance to run into them and talk to them and just pick their brain about like, how do you do it? You know, how do you make it last? Because for me, you know, I love the idea of getting married for a while, but like forever. I don't know. You know? And so those guys have been married for like almost a year. And so I'm like, they got it down. They 're the only people who have been through this process. So they may be the only ones who can counsel you. Yeah. I guess I'm not sure where you're not listening to it. I was, but then I kind of got lost. You got a little distracted.

So tomorrow you think it's possible to find love? Yeah. I mean, love's just lurking every corner.

You never know. It could be on TV or the radio. Sounds creepy. Lurking in every corner. Are you afraid of love? Well, I mean, maybe I need to go on this show. I don't know. You're married.

Look, I'm lurking to fall in love. You're all. You do realize that statistically most of the relationships that are formed on these reality shows don't work out. Yes. Yes. But I will say this, they work out for a while sometimes. Right. And I think the perks, the swag, you know, the thing, yes, but getting, you know, getting to see, you know, Leno or something like that.

Some being on this show. Being on this show. Absolutely. I mean, it's a real pleasure. And to me, you are the audio sounds Leno. And now you're using the word audio.

Is that what it's not called? Is it called audio sound?

Audio tape. Audio tape.

Audio tape. Audio tape. We'll figure this out. But thank you so much for that compliment.

You are our, you are our generation's audio sound Leno. I appreciate that.

Wow. That's a huge couple of notes, Scott. Yeah.

Let me ask you, Carly, you seem very protective of Tamara.

You seem, are you the mother hand of the house, sir? You know, it's not so much that I just, when I recognize a beautiful spirit who maybe needs to be protected because her heart is wide open and she's just, you know, she's shooting beams of sexy sunlight out to everybody that she meets. Somebody's got to kind of bulldog it a little bit and then step in and say, you know, be careful. Let somebody get your back, you know, let somebody not just get your back, but get your body, you know, embrace your body with protection and safety in a way that feels warm and, you know, moist, I don't want to say moist, but in a way that feels safe, I guess is what I'm saying. These two have gotten very close on the show and I think it's great because, you know, I'm all for, you know, girls bonding because you never know what can happen with that. I don't know what your ins are going to be. I also don't know.

But I think it's great because Carly has been sleeping in Tamarji's room lately, which is really sweet. I've heard her make weird murmurs and her sleep and it concerns me.

Do you got night terrors? No, I just, I do have some nightmares sometimes, but it's really because of my heart. I have a monkey heart. Whoa, wait, wait, hold on. You have a monkey? Oh, yeah.

A monkey heart. What does that mean? Meaning you have a heart that you monkey around a lot, you're playful. You're a transplant. I think I can clear this up. Please, yeah, Mark.

She has a monkey for a heart. She has a monkey for a heart.

No, that is not right. That's not what it is.

She has a tiny, she has a monkey, right? I had a bum ticker and so they had. Are you from the 40s?

I, from Nebraska. Oh, that explains it. The same thing.

Pretty much the same thing.

I think you guys are kind of on the same wavelength, I have to say. Oh, it's such a sweet thing.

Yeah, I, I, I, I predicted the right future for you guys.

So you have your heart replaced.

I haven't picked anyone yet, Scott. And I, I don't want you to. Please don't spoil it.

Well, I just don't want you to put these, you know, ideas in your head. I don't want to inception anything into you guys. Because I don't, I don't want to make any promises I can't keep.

I understand. I understand. So you, but you literally have a monkey's heart. Yeah, because it's harder to find a human person's heart. And it 's easier to use a monkey's heart.

Does that time, I am completely blown away here. I honestly thought that there was a full monkey in there. There's not a full monkey in there. Oh my God. Do you mean a full, I think you mean a little tiny monkey? Are you, you actually think there's a giant monkey on your body? I completely, and I feel, I feel like a fool. Really? But I thought they, I'm sorry. I thought when you told me you had a monkey heart, I thought they put the whole monkey in.

Like if they take the monkey, well, if they take the monkey, pump in the blood inside the flesh , well, similar symbols together to create energy. I thought the monkey was actually massaging your heart. It's not.

I'm starting to feel like you guys are making fun of the monkey heart. And I would like to ask you to back off just as a devil's advocate here. Okay. It's Mary Carley. Thank you, Carley.

So it's a monkey heart. Does that disgust you or does it repulse you? It's terrible.

Oh gosh. Okay. That is a, that is, I mean, I don't have a lot of turnoffs, but that's a turnoff. Wait, so, so you are totally fine with a woman having a monkey inside her chest.

Yes. Surrounding her heart. Yes. But the actual heart of a monkey disgusts you. Of course, well, because you, to, to, to do that, you would have to kill the monkey, right? I like monkeys.

So why would I want somebody to kill the monkey? How could I? Don't kill the monkey.

That's a good point. But my monkey's heart is living forever in my heart and in my chest.

Yeah. But the monkey itself is now just dead somewhere. Did you meet the monkey who gave you his heart, his or her heart? The doctors told me it'd be best if I didn't.

But if Tamara didn't have that heart, she would be dead.

Yeah, but I don't, I don't, I mean, I, I met her after she got the heart. I don't know if before she, when she had the heart problem, your heart problem. And please don't, don't take offense to this and don't be upset.

But I didn't know what she was like before she got the monkey heart. She may have been a completely different person, somebody I didn't give a shit about. I don't think it works like that.

Nice. You know, we're not allowed, this is actually really cool for us because we're not allowed that much outside contact with the world while we 're doing the show. And I have a little theory that I haven't told Tamara yet, but I'm fairly certain that when this all ends, however, it may end, I, I'm a hundred percent positive that there have been donation offers from people who are watching the show. We don't know about it yet because we have not, we're not allowed that contact. There are going to be people who want to donate their hearts to you. There are going to be people who want to donate at least one of their hearts to you. Carly, I think that would be great.

Carly, Carly, would you give your heart? Would you donate your heart if it came down to it?

I mean, in a way I already have. You're breaking my monkey heart.

Like in a friendship way. But in a weird selfish way, I wouldn't be able to just hang out with her if I was missing a heart. I would trade hearts. I would take her monkey heart if we could do a flip. Just swap. Yeah, I would swap. But you're, you're, you're, you're very athletic. Right? Yeah, that might not be a good switch for you. Monkeys are athletic. In eight part. What are you trying to say? They're extremely. We don't want the monkey advocates to get on our backs here. I feel like we're just completely ignoring this monkey that's sitting around somewhere without a heart. So, yeah. Well, all right. Well, tell you what, why don't we take a little break here. When we come back, I've so many questions here for Mark and the ladies.

Can you, can you ask them one at a time?

I, yes, I definitely, that's, that is my promise to you.

Thank you. Okay, let's take a break. When we come back, we'll have more with Steve A. G always going and more Mark Orlando, more Carly, more tomorrow. G will be right back. Comedy Bank, audio sound.

Come on, we're as now up on the jet ski, grab into my waist , take a rub of me, please.

What about the hose? Hey, who needs the hose? Can I show you how to have the perfect vacation?

I'm gonna suit you up to the island vibration. What do you say? I'm open to that. Now, get a metal piercing, I'd browse a naval, make a magnet, no need for painful, so in the dreadlocks.

Shells on the neck, shells on the wrist, now string them all up. Get the shells on the ankle, under wetter camera, disposable camera. Grooving on the beach, jam and coconut. Give us a silly straw from the silly straw hut. Virgin Kalata, no wrong, virgin Kalata, no wrong.

Google Red loves to make a reservation. Pager will buzz you when your table's ready. Get the appetizer.

Certain locations, prices will vary. Talk to the manager as for the special catch of the day.

Manager discount is the best vacation ever. Be a love forever. It's a tropical limb never for the island holiday. Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Steve Aji. We're back here with Mark Orlando, Carly Tamara G from Burning Love.

Where can people see Burning Love by the way? BurningLove.com. BurningLove.com, that's right. And you were also on Twitter, Mark. Yes, BurningLove.com. BurningLove.com. And what are you tweeting ? You're in the middle of this process.

Just my feelings. Where I'm at, what I'm experiencing, whether Bubles on the radio or not, things like that. And so at any given point during the day, people can tune into your Twitter, check your Twitter. Just turn on your... See if Bubles on the radio or not. Turn on your Twitter, tune into it, work on your computer so the Twitter comes up .

So first you go to computer.com. I don't know exactly. And then punch in Twitter.com. Listen, I don't understand the nuts and bolts of it, but I will say that you can find it if you have an outlet of some sort and a computer. A power outlet. A power outlet. It's fascinating that you're even able to get on to Twitter. I'm not the people at BurningLove. So hook me up on for you.

They help you out. What are some of your... I don't know my password. What are some of your tweets? Do you have any... You recently tweeted something that you had food poisoning. I did.

Right. I don't remember my tweets. I'll be honest. But do you remember having food poisoning?

That's maybe more germane to this conversation. Yeah, eggs or something. Yeah. I remember having food poisoning. Okay. I guess... We're less interested in the tweet than the story that the tweet represented. Here's one. Okay. My best friend moved back to Korea in third grade. Sad face.

Hmm. It's getting to know you a little better. Yeah. How did that make you feel? Sad. Oh, hence the sad face. You know, I feel like journaling is a great way for me to remember my feelings.

hashtag loveoflife. I thought LOL. For a long time I was using LOL the wrong way. I thought LOL was loveoflife. We heard that before on this show. Nick Offerman told a really interesting story about a woman who thought it meant lots of love. And so she was signing condolence letters LOL.

That was my mother. Holy crap. Here. Boobleh on Pandora.

Yes.

Okay. So at that point in time he was there on Pandora. It seems to be like you can tune in to the Boobleh station at any point and he would be on Pandora . Here's one. On Mother's Day I wrote Happy Birthday to all the moms out there. Okay. It's not so much a birthday celebration. My favorite photographer is M.C. Hei-sher. Did you think this ... I'm not a great man. I'm just one of the good guys. Wow. Just stuff like that. Do you think that veteran's feeling just my thoughts?

Do you think Veteran's Day celebrates the birthday of men who serve... No, I thought no.

I said Veteran's Day is to honor Vittinarians. Okay. Oh boy . All right. So, okay.

Amaj, Amaj to... You know about the French art of homage. I 'm not that familiar with it but I do know some French if you want to go, you know, tatatet. Wow.

It is true that he's super smart about some things and super less smart about others. Sometimes you're surprised. Sometimes you're surprised when you pick up on the tapes and sometimes yeah.

I'll just throw out, you know, one French word that I know and then we'll leave it at that . Pomplamoose. Oh, that's right. I think I heard about that word. I heard about that word when I had another guest on the show previously.

Pomplamoose. Yeah. I remember. That's something that comes up. No, that was a show where Paul Rudd and David Wayne and some other guy were, was on it but he talked about that word.

But all right. Let's get back on track here. Are we off track? This is going awesome. Let me ask you, Carly, what does your family think about you being on a reality show? It's really just my mom and me. She's super on board for it. This was her idea.

There were a couple of different reality shows that I was open to. There was a weight gain show that I was open to.

I auditioned for, you know, when you do reality shows, they just bring you in and you audition for things like multiple shows at a time. It's a general paddle call. No, yeah. You don't know.

I did not know that. Yeah. I drew the red, what is the murder ball? I don't know. But anyway, I ended up on this show. But you've been having a great surprise. You've been having a great time and we've been having a great time with getting to know each other and it's just been, it's been quite a journey. Okay. Yeah. Thank you, Mark. But I, back to you, your mother was pushing you into reality. She just thought it would be a good way for me to get myself out there.

Are you a shy sort? Yeah. I can be a little shy. She's a tough nuttick. Not out there meeting a lot of guys. I mean, I don't, yeah. I mean, I don't, I guess I'm still sort of, you know, some people, they know right who they are from the get-go, you know, from when they take the first steps and some of us take a little bit longer to figure out . You may only work with women too.

You're a WNBA coach? No. Oh, why would you, why would you think that? Yeah, I am. Oh, you are?

Oh, yeah. But I don't mainly work with women. That makes it sound like I, like, I chose to work with women. I just happen to love women's basketball. Just turned out that way. That's a coincidence that I love women's basketball and the women, no, I, I'm very, I want to be very clear on this.

The fact that I love women's basketball, the fact that women are involved in that is a coincidence.

But it seems to me like you could enjoy men's basketball just. But I already said that I love women's basketball. Okay, that's a good point. All right.

Tomorrow, how do your, how does your family feel about you putting yourself out there on the show like this? My parents support me with whatever I choose to do. It's, it's, I'm just so blessed.

They're worried about me and my cart condition and they, they miss me. And if they're listening right now, I love you, mom and dad.

I am. Do your parents have animals inside of them as well?

No, my aunt, my aunt Rosie, she had, she have an aunt inside her. I mean, she has a little more believable than a little female.

It's a little more believable than a little female. I mean, anyone could swallow an aunt or even, I'm not sure what the health benefits are. I mean, ants can go in anywhere. They can go in your ear, they can go up your ass. I mean, they can go anywhere.

That's actually where the medical expression, ants in your pants comes from. Yeah. Your f idgety. The chances are you probably swallowed ants and they went to your butt area. We swallowed them and then they went into your that's the, that's the, that's the medical. That's the medical expression. Are you a doctor? Yeah.

As well. Ants in your pants. We did. I, we have to know what to do in case of emergency on the court.

On the court. Yeah. I understand. Oh, geez. I'm only laughing because I'm nervous.

I understand. Yeah. It's, I mean, it's a big show that you 're on right now. It's really exciting.

It's quite a journey. Yeah. Mark, describe your perfect marriage. You want to get, you want to get married at the end of this, right? Oh, man. That's a great question, Scott. Thank you so much.

You know, I try to come up with a few great ones and I knew when I wrote that one. Nailed it.

It's, it's interesting because, you know, I spend a lot of time reflecting and just kind of thinking about like what my wants are and what my needs are and what I want and what I need and my wants and my needs. And I feel like what I want and what I need is a woman who is quiet but pretty, you know, has like a good looking mom. Like, so, you know, hey, when she gets older, she's still going to be moms or, or like a time machine, aren't they?

That's right. Yes. You get a sense. You could look at, you can look at the mom and then you know, you know, hey, I'm still going to be sexually attracted to this woman for at least another 10, 15 years. They're adopted. Oh, yeah, I don't think it matters. Okay. Okay. Well, is that part of this process? Is meeting any of their parents? We will get to meet the families of, I think, when it gets down to three or four women, I think we get to meet the families. Are you looking forward to that? I am and I'm not. I am in the sense that I'm not in the sense that I don't want to meet.

I don't like talking to people.

You kind of anti-social? Yeah. Or I don't like people like questioning me. But I am in the sense that, you know, hey, one of the moms might be hot, you know ? You don't like being asked questions.

I feel like that's a trick question because you're asking me a question. So the answer is no.

Good answer. Good answer. You're right. It was a trick question and you successfully evaded the trap. All right. So, so, so I guess you didn't really describe a perfect, perfect marriage.

No, I guess I would say that the well, the day to day of it , that's what I'm interested in.

Oh, well, I'm looking forward to meeting someone who will understand that I need some time by myself and to just keep it down. You know, somebody who's, you know, willing to, you know, have sex when I want to have sex. Okay. Because when I don't want to, don't bother me. I want to be alone. I want to think, you know, think about things. I like to think about things. So I want somebody who can kind of ask me questions that make me think about things, but don't, but I don't like questions. So I don't want them to ask questions in a, in a, like straightforward way. I want them to ask in a round about way. So I don't know that their questions. At the house, sometimes if we have a question for him, we have to say it as a statement.

And then I'm like, I agree with it. And then I'll interpret that as a question.

So it's what's for dinner. I'm calm. Exactly. And, but he has in the past been like, I don't eat what?

Right. Yeah. It's tough. It gets weird. It's tough. He's so deep. That's what I love about that. I also want some, I also want somebody who's, if you know, if possible has some money.

Really? Okay. Because as a fireman, right, I can imagine you don't make a lot of money.

Yeah. Is that concerning, Danny, you ladies, or do you, do either of you come from money?

I mean, my parents are comfortable. I make my own salary as a dental hygienist.

You make your own salary. I do. Good. A lot of people don't get to make their own salaries these days. I always said, I always said, I said, I said, salary just grew in gardens.

That's salary. That's salary. Yeah. Mark. Carly, do you come from money? No, no, no, I'm a scribe scrappy working class, you know, and proud to be proud to be. I, this, so I would say sports coach is not necessarily working class. It's, I guess scra ppy. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, well, no, I mean, that's my, my background is very working class. I've, I've certainly, you know, I've, I guess I've risen up through some ranks. What are you scribbling there, Carly? Yeah, what's going on there? Oh, I was just doodling on a napkin.

It seems to be like some sort of ovular, like weird eyeball. It's a little bit of a weird hairy eyeball, but, um, that's not important right now. No, okay. Let's immediately move on. I don't, I, listen, whatever Mark, whatever Mark is after, I'm not particularly concerned about it. I know he's going to make a choice that, you know, that is right for someone. Yeah. And, uh, you know, I wish him the best. It's been great getting to know him.

And, uh, and I'm still here, you know, I'm still here on the show. Do you, do you agree with that though? The richer the poorer, like, if, if Mark were poor and by all accounts, you kind of are.

Yes. Um, would, would that be okay with you? Yeah, cause I'm a girl on the go. Like I make my own dollars and I'm happy to support a man who does what he loves. How does that work out for you, Mark? The poorer part. If, if she were, if I'm with somebody who, if I marry somebody who's poor, yeah, well, I have some control over that because I get to pick who I want to be with. So, you know, one of the questions that I do, or will ask at some point is, you know, what do you got in the bank account? And I don't mean it to be like, I don't mean to be rude about it, but I mean, if I'm going to spend the rest of my life with somebody, I want to know how much money they have in the bank. Yeah. That's good. You know, that's, that's so, so much smarter than me. I never would think I'm good with money. You know, I'm actually also really good with money. I'm a little bit of an old soul also when it comes to money and just, you know, knowing, just knowing things. So maybe you and Mark have a lot in common.

Oh, I wouldn't say that. I would say so. I think there's something there's a connection there.

I think you can be with someone where it's like, you don't want to be with someone where it's like looking in a mirror, you know what I mean? You want some talent to be. Well, I don't think that wouldn't, that wouldn't be possible for you guys because he 's a man. You're a lady. If you were looking in a mirror, I mean, yeah, you're very different.

Like, so, so I agree with you. You don't want to look, but when you look in a mirror, you don't see who you're with. You see yourself.

That's true. That's a great. So that's, so I mean, I like, I don't mean to, Kibosh like this, this line of questioning, but it's, it's, it's funky.

You guys ever seen a fun house mirror? Those things are so wacky.

Funhouse mirrors.

Do you make your body squiggly sometimes? Oh, yeah.

It's really, really tall. They're wacky. So funny. Yeah, I 've seen those.

Yeah. Carly. I just want to point out that one of the sweet things about Tamara and Bluster Hart is that, you know, it takes more blood to circulate a monkey heart as a bad balloon's heart, a monkey heart, then, then it takes to circulate blood through human heart.

So a lot of the blood is not going to her head. Yeah, it's, the circulation is, she's not getting that oxygen to the brain. Yeah, I'm not, I don't want to imply anything. I'm just saying that's a tour of, but earlier you said that it wasn't possible for her personality to change because of the heart transplant. You think she's the same personality. Just she's, she's not getting enough oxygen. I think she's one of God's creatures. She's, she's, comes in a beautiful package.

She's two of God's. A combination of two of them. You're not wrong. You're not wrong.

And in fact, I am right. Yeah. Well, that's, that's all, that's also true. I mean, you've made two really good points. Um, I think that, you know, it, this is, it's for her, it's almost a situation of like when Noah, you know, packed up the arc, uh, maybe he got bored and he started putting pieces of one animal into pieces of the other. This is as tail as old as time.

That's what they say is Zebra. That sounds more like Mangle of.

No, that Zebra is a white horse and a black horse fucked each other.

Right. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's science.

I'm all for that. You really are. You'd like to see that?

Have you ever seen anything like that on the internet? I'm just gonna horse this penis. Yeah.

Yeah. What do you think?

Where you intimidated? Of course. It's big. Yeah. It's big.

I mean, a horse has a huge penis. So, yeah, I was. And I, I immediately said, get that horse away from me. So it was, it was in person.

Someone brought a horse with an erect penis. How was it erect? It wasn't erect when we first started like playing with the horse. How old were, how old of a young man were you at this point?

I was like last week, I went, okay, well, this is part of the show. Play? No, no, no, no. I, no, I just, I had this on your down town. I was just walking around the, the yard, the, you know, the, the ground. The ground. Yeah. Okay. And there was a horse there and the, you know, I just started kind of, you know, patting it and, you know, saw what happened, you know, one thing led to another. But what I, I get the, all the other point is, is that when I saw the size of the horse's penis, I was like, get that horse away from me. That's, you made the right decision. I think so. You know, I mean, we all wonder how we would act in that situation. Yeah.

And you made the right decision. I mean, look, what, what other decision can you make? You know what I mean? Because I don't want to, like, where do you go? If you don't say that, then what, then what?

It's a slippery slope. Right. So I mean, Carly, let me ask you, wedding vows. If you had to write your own vows, what would they be to Mark? To, oh, Mark? Um, I think that, yeah, you're, you're contest on the show. Yeah. That, to me, that's secondary to just the experience of, of, of, of, you know, it seems like it would be the primary.

Yeah. You would, you would think that, but the thing is, it's so primary to so many of the other women that it starts to feel like, well, they got that covered, you know what I mean? That's why this doesn't sometimes feel like a competition because she's just so, she's got really good perspective on things. Yeah. But it, it seems to me like as a WNBA coach, you would be the most competitive person in the house, but it seems like very competitive. I will say that. Yeah. It seems to me like you're just laying down and, and letting the other girls run rough shot over you.

Does that sound like an accurate description of events? Would you let, do you like the idea of girls running rough shot over you?

I'm just picturing what that would be like.

Huh. She's drawing another circle. Well, if I were, if I were, if I, if I ended up at an altar with Mark next to me, yeah, it could happen, but, but it could not. If you win the show, there is a chance that it could happen. Yeah. But there is a chance that it could not.

Yeah, that's true. But without giving it away, what would your, what would your, what would your vows sound like? You know what? I'm just not, I'm not even comfortable. I just don't want to, I don't want to wish too hard. You don't want to put the cart before the horse. Yeah, I just don't want to, I don't want to, yeah. Sorry about the horse. Yeah . Sorry. Get the horse away from it.

Yeah. I don't even want to think about it. Yeah. That's how I feel. Will you ever be around another horse or are you banning horses from your life? As far as I'm concerned, I, horses are off limits. Like I do not want to see them. I don't want to, honestly, I don't want to talk about them.

What about female horses? The bear. The bear. The bear. The bear. The bear. Okay.

Right. Those are beautiful. Yeah. So you don't, you don't want to play this game.

You know what? It's to me, the, to me thinking about winning or, you know, putting that car before that horse, I feel, I actually identify with exactly what Mark's saying about the horse.

How do you feel about that? I don't want those thoughts anywhere near me.

How do you feel about horses? I don't want, uh, they're beautiful, uh, beautiful, thoughtful animals. Mares? Thoughtful. They have a, the real spirit to them.

Yeah. Okay. Mark, let's, let's talk to you. Yeah.

If you were, you're going to propose to one of these women.

I am. I don't necessarily mean one of these. No, not one of the women here necessarily. We should , we should clarify there are 16 women.

There are 16 women. These are just two of them. Yeah. Who, uh, had a little time off. Yeah.

And who seemed to be the best of friends. Um, but, um, but if, if, if you're going to propose to one of the 16 women proposing, I think I'm contractually obligated to propose to one of them.

Yeah. I don't know if that would hold up in court, but, um, what, what are you going to say for the proposal? Have you thought about this at all? That 's a great question. Thank you so much.

Um, wow. You know, I mean, I've thought about this and I would say it would probably start off, you know, dear, you know, dear such and such. It's not, you 're not writing a letter, I don't think.

But it's the same, it's the same, uh, idea. So I would look at, I would look at the woman that I'm in love with. Right. You know, and I first start, right ? And I would, I would look her in the eye and I would grab her hands and I would say, dear, such and such, you know, but I, you know, you'd be here. Yeah. No, we got it. We got it. We got it.

Right. Yeah. And I would say, you know, but do you, I want us to all to be clear that it's, it's not, we are, what we're doing with this idea is absolutely nobody on the show called such and such. Absolutely clear. Crystal, absolutely crystal clear. So dear, such and such, but not such again, I must interject. We know exactly what you're saying. Please continue. Um, wow. What a journey. You know, um, look where we are. Yeah. Look around . Look around you. Look, your proposal is going to be filled with commands. I think he was telling you to look around you. No, no, it sounds like you're talking about a horse. No. Whoa, stay . Sit, sit, heal. Look around you.

Yeah. Look at all these people looking at us. Wow. We're really doing it. So, I'm going to cry. This is so sweet. Yeah. You're really beautiful. So, yeah.

You love me, huh?

Oh, well, let's, let's dive into it. See if it, if it works out. I'm not making any promises.

Oh my God, I got chills. But what would you say, what would you say to me if we were getting married? What would you say? Like, well, how would you compliment me?

I would say, uh, I don't know. You know what? I would, I would be speechless. I would be speechless.

I love that. Your mouth would be a gate. My mouth would be a gate. Wait, my turn.

Now I need some duct tape. Do we have any duct tape? Oh my God. Wait, propose to me.

I propose you should carry your own role. Um, if it's going to come up this often.

But I mean, I had a big, you know, like a hundred foot roll . All gone. All gone.

All gone there. Yeah. Ow. In fairness to him, there are some very, very beautiful women on the show.

I can, I know this. It doesn't mean I want to hear about your erections, but there are some unbelievable, unbelievable women on the show. Unbelievably hot. Um, you know, some of them with great, uh, you know, forgive my French again, but tits. Um, you know, some, or as, that was a French word. You know, or, uh, or, uh, yeah. No, uh, nice tits. I'll say it in French.

Those pomple moose. Right. Okay. Well, Mark, I, I wish you success. I mean, thank you so much.

I mean, I wish it for myself and I'm really excited to see what the next chapter of my life is going to be.

Yeah. This, I, I hope this works out for you and I think it will. Do you promise to come back to the show and, uh, let us know who you picked and, uh, just sort of like let it maybe come back next year if you do it again. Man, that's a great question. Um, that is a great question, Scott. I can't make any promises. I feel like I'm one of the women on your show at this point. Do you make any promises?

What's the last promise? I don't like making promises because then you have to keep them. Yeah.

Okay. Well, guys, uh, there's only one last thing to do here on the show. It's a little game that we call, would you rather? It's part of the audio sound. Audio sound.

Normally don't like people talking during the theme, but you know, you guys are so charming. I'm gonna allow it. I'm not gonna dokki any points. Um, because you kids are, are, you have a lot of heart. You're putting your hearts out there. You haven't anyone. You have to. If you're gonna, if you're gonna find the right person, that's right. All right. This time to play, would you rather we all know how this is played? Go. No, of course I need to explain this a little more.

I'm gonna read a would you rather scenario sent to us by listener. Uh, people send us these scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWIR, comedy bang bang, would you rather? And I sift through them every day. Takes me about six hours a day. Wow. Just to find the good ones. But I got one right here. So I'm gonna ask you this question and then you are free to ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios in order to help you narrow down your choice. Uh, and then I will close the floor for questions you'll vote and we will tally up the points and see who won. That's pretty clear. I think everybody's asked the same question.

Yes, same question. But you can, you get more points if you dive in and ask questions about the scenarios. So here we go.

Um, chess, Heath Gardener. And I. Is that his first name?

That's his full name. That's his full name. Are we already playing? Should I be asking questions about the person who I have not opened up for questions? I'm going to have to doc you points. I'm so sorry Carly. You have a negative 10 at this point. Um, Heath Gardener. And I pray that I have not asked this one before, but I was sifting through the good ones. Uh, he asks, would you rather have to rele arn the rules of bridge every day or be personally responsible for catching people who jump off the Golden Gate Bridge?

Would you have to relearn the rules of bridge every day or be personally responsible for catching people who jump off the Golden Gate Bridge? A bridge themed question. I'm sure we can all agree.

All right. I'm opening the floor for questions. You can ask me anything. Uh, did you have a, some sort of a device that allows you to catch said people 's or a net? Um, great question. You have an invented a helicopter, uh, with a sort of like one of those butterfly nets on the blades.

So there's, so there's nets on the blades. Yeah. Yeah. They each blade each of the four or five, but the blades are moving at such a speed that I don't think would be super helpful. Would it?

Well, look, you're the fireman, but what I know. And that's why I'm saying, but you know how when you look at a helicopter, it looks and what's on top, those blades, it looks like a circle. Yeah.

That's, that's why it's so effective because anyone who were to jump into the net, anywhere they jump, they're going to hit, they're going to hit the net. So you've invented this and it also has made you rich. That's, that's a compelling, compelling, like, I thought that logic would appeal to you. Uh, you, you, you, you're rich. You've invented this helicopter net butterfly net that catches people who jump off the golden gate bridge after you've patented it after buying this fabulous helicopter. How much money do I have left in the bank?

No, you invented it. So you don't have to buy it. Oh, then you have to buy the parts.

I'm inventing it. You did have to buy the first one, sort of the test, the prototype. The prototype. Yes, the prototype. Yeah.

Okay. So French, but, uh, you know, I mean, I could throw it out all the time. I could, the Spampelmoose. Um, so, okay, here's a question. Okay.

How many, you're doing very well in this game. How many people, how many people, uh, what's the ratio of men to women who jump off the bridge?

Great question. Um, it's a, it's probably about 75% men because men are more likely to commit suicide.

Right. So less women. So I'd be catching more men than women. Yeah. But you must be used to that in fires. I'll be honest. I don't, I try to avoid the people in the fires. Mm. You know what I mean?

Now you might pull it. You might blow you back out, pull you back out. You might, you know, that's the real bummer part of fires is that people tend to be in there. Picking people up, like, and then coughing on you and you're like, come on.

Yeah, I got it. Just get up and get out. Yeah.

So we're at about 75% men. I don't know if that's so I'm leaning towards the bridge. Now, what you don't vote yet. I'm just, I'm not, I'm not voting.

What in, what is the bridge is a card game? They're just a great question. Bridges a card game.

You really need to phrase it as a question, though. Bridge is a card game. Correct. Yes. Also, how can you relearn playing bridge if you don't know how to because yeah, does that mean that you have like that memory where the ever, you forgetting everything else also? But for some reason, yeah, you forget everything. It's not just the rules of bridge, but you go to sleep and you have a sleep induced amnesia. Are you, are you learning bridge? Somebody teaching you? Yes, you have, whereas you're an apprentice to a master bridge player. What's his name or her name? Oh, nice. Good.

Nice. Safe. Nice. Safe. Her name is Genevieve Braw-zee. Genevieve Braw-zee. I've never heard of her. So she's French. She's French.

Yeah. Excellent. So now I'm leaning towards the bridge.

Okay. Okay. So she, by the way, you always were leaning towards bridge. She looks a lot like a younger version of her mother.

Oh my god. I mean, this is, this turned out to be a no- brainer for me, but I'm not going to get an answer yet. I would have to doki points. Does anyone else have any questions?

So you wake up. No, I've asked some questions. Carly. All right.

So you wake up, you don't remember anything about yourself.

You don't remember anything about yourself. And the only thing you're going to be retaught every day is bridge. Correct. Or you're saving human lives, but they're lives that don't want to be saved. These are, these are very angry at you for saving them. Oh, yeah. They are not appreciative points.

So I have a good, yes. So this young French hot mom who's going to be my mentor, what?

She's not a mom. She, she looks like her mom, younger version of younger version of her mom.

Good teeth. She's barren. She cannot have children. Great.

Great. Nice mouth. It's, you know, it's generally pretty large and large mouth. Pretty large and pretty moist. Like Julia Roberts large.

Yeah. Big lip, big, I don't know how to describe the lips, but does she live by any horses? Does she live by any horses?

She, yes, as a matter of fact, she owns a stable horse. She 's, she's, she's a jockey.

She actually is a jockey as well. In addition to being a bridge master, she's a jockey and um, racist horses. She deals with racist horses. I'm against that.

I'm against that. When, when do we vote? I'm feeling like I 'm a very active person.

I'm like the idea of a good question. You haven't even asked a question tomorrow, but maybe that's your, maybe that's your MO here. I already know what my answer would be.

You already know. So she's like a stealth bomber. Yeah.

Stealth bummer. Does anyone have any more questions or? Yes . All right. Yes, I do. Oh, you do.

Yes. Please mark. Are these racist horses female or are they male? They are male horses.

Okay. But they have, they, they do have, they don't have the normal horse size dicks.

Is there any way? Yeah. And I don't know if this is possible. Okay.

To put the horse inside the woman who is my mentor. So I don't have to look at the horse and, and replace her heart with the horse. Mark, that is exactly what happened. She has all of those horses are inside her body. So when I say she races horses, she runs around the track against the other horses. All right. But the horses inside her body, it's a lot like horsepower in a car. All right. It makes her super fast. All right. Okay.

Now I'm leaning towards, but I'm not giving my answer, but I'm leaning towards the bridge. The woman who's filled with horses. Oh, the woman who's. Yeah. Please don't give your answer, but you are leaning towards that leaning towards that. Okay. Now the women who jump off the bridge.

Yeah. What are their names?

Wow. Okay. Let's go through it. You have Jennifer. Yeah.

You have Jennifer B. Okay.

You have Jennifer A. Right. A lot of Jennifer's is what I'm . Yeah. I don't. I don't. I don't think from this conversation. That's the popular name. I think that's probably the most popular women's name. I don't need to go through all of the Jennifer's. Don't go through all the Jennifer's. I can take a guess on some of the Jennifer's Jennifer are. Yes, there is Jennifer are. Yeah. There's a Jennifer B, a Jennifer A, Jennifer R, Jennifer C, Jennifer E, Jennifer D, Jennifer F, Jennifer H. Surprised to say a lot of Jennifer 's are jumping off this bridge. Yeah.

Can I. And again, I don't mean to be crude. Can I fuck all these Jennifer's if I catch them, will they be grateful and will they fuck me? They are not grateful. What? They are not grateful because they want to commit suicide, but because they're suicidal, they also don't care what happens to their bodies. Yeah. They go ragdoll on you. Yeah . Sure. I don't mind. I'm a. They go ragdoll. You go raw dog. So yeah, what's raw dog? No, no, we don't have a big dick because I don't want anything to do with it. You don't know what that means. You fucking with a skinned dog. Oh, I don't like that at all. I'm leaning towards the bridge. Okay. Yeah. Oh, okay.

You wait. You don't like it. So you're leaning towards the bridge. I'm leaning towards. Well, there's two bridges. It's very confusing. Yeah. This is a confusing question. Maybe the most confusing question we've ever had on this show. Any other questions here? We have to leave you have an ask a single question. I did ask a question. I said, you know, if you've never played bridge, how do you relearn bridge? That's right. I'm so sorry. I need to award you those points. I didn't know. Is the helicopter diesel or just regular gas? It is regular gas.

Not good. Not good. I know. Have you seen the price of gas lately? I know. It's not that surprisingly diesel is less. And I don't know how much money I have in the bank. Yeah. So I'm paying for this gas.

You're paying for the helicopter. It's insane. Yeah. I don 't I don't think it's worth it for me to save these people's lives, especially if they're going to just go ragdoll on me, not even look me in the eye when I'm like fucking them. Yeah. Now you're not voting, but this is just your thought process. I'm just just my thought process. Because if you were to vote, I would have to dok you points. I'm not voting. I don't even I look honestly, I stopped voting years ago.

Just in general general. That's just a it's just the way I live life. All right. Well, I think unless there's any more questions, I'm going to shut down the floor here and we are going to vote. That is I have officially shut down the floor for questions. I have a question. I'm so sorry, Mark. I'm going to have to dok you points for having a question after I shut down the floor. So that is. Bummer.

Negative 1000 points. How many points did I have prior to that? You had zero. I have so many questions that I did. I racked up some positive points. No, never did. You never did. Nothing.

Yeah. Didn't like it. Didn't like the tenor of those questions. Harley, you dug yourself out of the hole. I did. But I don't want to give the final final vote tally until or the point tally until I hear your votes. Steve, how do you vote? I vote suicide bridge. Why is that?

I hate cards. And I would hate to have to play cards and also learn how to play cards every day.

Rather save people, even if they don't want to be saved.

Yeah. It's a more noble life. Yeah, it seems that way. Plus you'd remember all of your family.

You'd remember your friends.

Yeah, you'd be busy. I guess you'd be busy with just a lot of busy work. Yeah. Yeah. All right.

Good answer. All right, Steve. I am notating how many points you want.

All right, Carly, where are you at? You know what? I'm definitely going to go with the bridge.

I like with the rescuing. Rescuing. I think I'm an active person. I've always liked the idea of being able to fly a helicopter. I like the idea of being an inventor. You like the idea of it.

You never pursued that idea to this point. I never pursued the idea. I've been very busy with other pursuits. But I also feel like I understand what it feels like to not maybe have a strong hold on your own identity and maybe feel like the best way out is to take a jump. And I think I have something to teach these people. And maybe they have something to teach me. I didn't touch me. I have to say. All right, Tamara, how do you like to go ? Hi. Welcome back. Hi. Hi. How are you voting? Dear, neither. Wow, that has never been done before . That is unprecedented. Oh, seems like the obvious answer. Wow. Okay. It does seem. It does seem pretty obvious. Mark, how are you voting?

I'm going to go both. You're going both. It has never been done before. I'm going both.

Oh my gosh. Options. Why do you want to do Mark? It's simply because I couldn't choose. You couldn't choose. So every day I couldn't wrap my head around it.

Every day you'd wake up. You would be taught bridge by that woman who races horses full of horses , full of just riddled with horses inside her running around. I think decked horses. And then in your off time. And when I'm done with that after I hopefully make some money because this I bet she runs pretty good. Yeah. Right. I'll just go buy some gasoline. Load up my helicopter gasoline and catch all those Jennifer's and boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Just unload on it. Yeah , it's a full load. Yeah, they go ragdoll.

You go raw dog. Boom, boom, boom, boom. I am googling raw dog when I get to my computer machine. Please, if you're going to be something Google it, that's one of our sponsors is Google. So if you're ever going to Bing anything, just please go to Google.com. Okay, so what is Bing? It's with the art of looking something up online. That's not. Yeah, it is. And when you want to Bing something, just go over to Google. All right. So let's count the points. Steve . Yes. You took the pussy way out.

Negative 10,000 points. We'll see how everyone else fares.

Carly, your answer touched me.

Yeah. You asked a lot of good questions. Thank you. You climbed out of that hole of negative 10.

Yeah. You are at one point. You're in the lead. Something.

One point currently before we voted, Mark, you had negative a thousand.

Tomorrow you were at zero. Now, you did something that has never been done before. You chose neither, which is the sensible thing to do.

You would think more people would do that. Yeah.

Congratulations. You get 10,000 points.

It was a great call. You're in the lead. It was a great call. That's what I'm talking about.

She dazzles you when you least expect it. Mark, you were at a negative thousand points.

You're going to need at least 11,000 points. Me. Yeah. It's Thai. 11,000 to Thai.

11,000 to win. I feel confident. I'll probably get it. You chose both, which has also never been done before. Thank you. But I worry that you would be exhausted. Don't worry. Don't worry.

Yeah. You're going to lose your hair if you start worrying like that. Great point. 11,001 points.

I did it. You did it. You pulled it out and I saved your hair. Thank you so much. That is, of course, how we play. Would you rather great game guys.

Great game. I'm getting to the point where I need to change my pants. They're soaked. All right.

Well, that is just about it. I just have the last thing to do, which is, of course, the thing called plugs. My dad got that in his hood.

I'm going to be a little bit more confident.

Coming in, making fun for the flags.

But can't supertime time for the flags.

You both are coming in, making fun of super.

Now it's time for the flag.

Now, creating fun imagination for the good ones.

Good fun, supertime. Everyone is happy. We left your voice again after great time.

What fun having super time time for the flags.

What? So many fun times. Super fun, happy ones.

The big band, supercomedy, plus, plus.

What fun having supercomedy.

Time for the flags.

Wow. That seemed like an eternity.

That was frightening.

That was by the commission. Hey, the commission. Thanks so much for submitting that. If you have a similar plugs theme or even dissimilar, hopefully plugs theme that you'd like to submit for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial plugs theme, go head on over to earwolf.com, go to the comedy bang bang message boards and post it in the appropriate thread. You can be famous for one week.

Michael Chiklis.

What if that was Michael Chiklis?

He was just writing stupid plugs songs for me and posting them under the commission.

Do you guys have any chiklets?

Celerai have none.

All right. Steve, what do you got to plug?

Apparently you have some exciting FX deal that you're really excited about.

Yeah. Yeah. So there's that.

All right. Maybe I'll be at a comedy bang bang sometime this month.

Whoa, maybe.

Burninglove.com. You got to go see it. You got to tune in.

You got to watch the journey.

You have to see it to believe it. You really do. I mean, it 's just, it's, it's a very romantic show. And I think that if you like romance and you like love, or you're looking for love, or you found love, or you have love, or you know, how to spell love, if you're lurking for love, and if you 're lurking for love, any of those things, if you're lurking for love, then you should tune into burninglove.com.com.

How often does a new episode come out weekly?

I think it's going to be two shows every Monday or some two shows every Monday.

Boy, that's a really great series. You should check it out.

Carly, Tamara G. Anything you'd like to plug? What's the name of your team, by the way, Carly?

My WNBA team. It seems like you're asking me my WNBA team in order to stall.

And I would not want to think that of you. She does that.

She just does that a lot. She just, it repeats the question because she just wants to make sure she's very correct.

Yeah. I don't, I'm not. Thank you, by the way, but I appreciate that. It's the Texas oil slicks.

And the only thing I want to plug is what I was talking about before, which is if you have an extra heart or if you have a heart that you don't care that much about, consider donating.

She's a very, she's a very special lady. She's a dynamite lady.

All right. That's great sentiments. How, what's your record , by the way, right now?

With the team. The oil slicks. We're in the middle of the season.

With my WNBA team. We're a, what is my record now?

We got a clean bill of health. Okay. Great.

Margie anything to plug, darling? Please floss.

Great. Because that makes your job a lot easier.

Also check out my tweets on burning love mark.

Yes. We heard about that. I want to, first of all, for my plugs, I want to give a shout out to Alison Dimter. Alison Dimter. She donated $100 to ear wolf.

I want to give her a shout out.

Alison, thank you so much for your donation.

Awesome. Real name. I hope it's Dimter. I hope there's not a missing letter like it's Dimeter or something. I think it's Dimter. Alison, thank you so much. And what else do I want to plug? Please watch the comedy bang bang television show this Friday.

Yeah, I'm watching. Nick Kroll. So many stars on this show.

Crazy. Oh, also as promised, this is big news. I want to plug the comedy bang bang tour.

We're coming out to a city near you. We're doing 12 dates.

I'm coming out with a lot of friends of mine on various stops of the tour. We'll have James Adomian on most of them. Paul of Tompkins, Tim Heidecker, a lot of guest stars that I can't mention.

We're coming out to a city near you. It all kicks off July 15th in San Diego during Comic Con.

That's the Sunday night of Comic Con. We're doing a small club warm up show there at the Casbah.

And then starting July 29th through August 10th, we're going to Minneapolis, Chicago, Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, LA, Boston, New York City, Washington, Philadelphia, and Vancouver.

We're going to hit all these cities. It's going to be a lot of fun. We're going to be taping shows.

We're going to be doing a lot of special stuff showing clips, unaired clips from the TV show.

It's going to be really fun. So head on over to ifc.com right now where you can get all the details. Tickets are going on sale this morning. If you're listening to this on Monday when it comes out, 7 a.m. New York time, Eastern time. So head on over to ifc.com, get all the ticket, sale info, and all the venues and all that. And I can't wait to see out there.

Guys, thank you so much for appearing on the show. Thank you so much for having me.

I love it. Is there a song for that too?

That was good. I'm going to use that on the next show. All right. Thanks guys. We'll see you next week.

Thanks. Bye bye. Great bye. This has been an earwolf media production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman. For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio boom. The Wolf Dead.
