Tony Clifton is a lounge act with a complicated history, but he's more than that.

He's a singer, he's a joke teller, he's a provocateur, but he has a very interesting history with the comedian who's now passed away, Andy Kaufman.

We're going to talk to Tony this entire hour about his act, what he's doing right now, as well as his history with Andy Kaufman.

We're going to hear some fascinating stories that I have not heard anywhere else.

And also our good friend Ben Schwartz, you know him from the Showtime show, House of Lies.

He is here with me all hour, all of that and more, all on today's.

If you're going to eat all of that bread anyway, why not eat the basket too?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

I am Scott Ockerman, the Choctaw, and thank you to Leeland Rodriguez, by the way, for that fantastic catchphrase.

That might be my permanent one, Ben.

If you're going to eat all that bread and...

Why not eat the basket too?

You know what?

You already messed it up, so it doesn't stick in your head.

If you're going to eat all that bread anyway, got a dude, do the dude and eat the basket.

That's like mine, which is if you're going to eat all that butter, might as well eat the wrapping around the butter and the basket.

That's my shame.

That's your personal catchphrase?

I got it on my condoms.

I might be infringing really on your condoms.

Look at my neck real quick.

Oh, okay.

Here we go.

Yeah, that's definitely a human penis.

Yeah, that's a big human penis.

I mean, it's human.

Yeah.

Welcome to the show.

My name, yes, I said my name, you got it.

If you're just tuning into this show for the first time, maybe you saw the Comedy Bang TV show and you said, I want to be a part of this revolution.

Yeah, absolutely.

How do I get a part of this enterprise?

Let me explain what the show is that you're listening to.

This is sort of more of a longer form interview show.

I have friends on like the guest that I'll, to my left, who I will introduce very soon.

You've heard his voice and you're wondering who that is.

Well, it'll be.

Fear not.

Is it Bob?

Can't go with weight?

Absolutely not.

Is it Michael Clark Duncan?

Could be.

Could find out.

But what we do is I have friends in here.

We interview them.

We talk, we play games.

You know, we'll do this for the entire hour and it's, you know, a little more, it's longer than the TV show and that's what it is.

And thank you so much, by the way, if you've been watching the TV show last week, we had John Hamm and Nick Croll on.

And if you're, if you like that show and are interested in the very first time they were ever on a show together, go back to episode 12.

All the way back to episode 12 of this show.

Wow.

Of the comedy bang bang?

Yeah.

We're already in the 160s.

They started up that relationship back in number 12.

Now what is, if I had missed that episode of comedy bang ling the television show, how would I as a viewer?

You don't know who I am yet.

As a viewer, how would I, how would I see that?

Is there an internet site or is it?

Well, benchmarks, what you would do.

But they don't know which one.

No.

It could be the lawyer.

It could be another guy.

Yeah.

If you miss it on TV, first of all, it's repeated throughout the week.

First of all, that's amazing.

Right off the bat, I'm intrigued.

Yeah.

I'm not sure if the television works.

All I know is podcasts and what else.

But then it lives on the internet.

You can get it on Amazon streaming.

You can get it on iTunes, all of that stuff.

That's amazing.

Yeah.

So how much money do you make if I download on iTunes?

On iTunes?

Yeah.

On the...

Oh, I did use...

On Doug Benson's version of iTunes.

Why did you say, height?

Because I thought I would make it cooler.

Are you starting in My Fair Lady right now?

Yeah.

Is that weird?

Hightunes.

Sing-ups from me.

I get, I believe, zero dollars.

But I was paid not great, but nicely for doing the TV show.

Good.

I just wanted it to be a success.

So please.

It doesn't matter.

It's a matter of you being creative.

Everybody wants to see you be creative, Scott, so...

I would rather put the show out and people watch it than get paid a single dime.

How about this?

How about I'm going to give you the opportunity right now to make a way to your show and I'll pay you so much more money.

Would you do it?

I wouldn't.

And I've been offered that.

Really?

Yes.

I have been offered that and I...

I just doubled my offer.

Okay.

I'm definitely in.

My offer was good.

Now it's real good.

Okay.

We got up to real good.

Yeah, man.

I don't know what's beyond real good.

It's how pathetic my life is.

And I'll introduce you in a second and we'll see you exactly what kind of money you have.

But by the way, watch this Friday to the show.

We have Michael Sarah.

Oh, he's on the show.

He's very funny.

And Paul F. Tompkins doing...

He's very funny.

A certain pastry.

He's in charge of certain pastries.

Okay.

His character.

Okay, don't give anything else away.

That's already spoiling it too much.

That's a cooking reference.

It's probably spoiling it too much.

But watch that this Friday, 10 p.m.

9 central on IFC.

And now it is time.

Now that that is out of the way, it is time to turn to my left officially.

Hey, what's up guys?

I'm Don Cheadle from Hotel Rwanda.

My first time on the podcast.

Big fan by the way.

Tell me about Hotel Rwanda.

Was that sent just a lot of laughs?

Was George Clooney cracking?

So George Clooney was so funny that the ladies and guy was so funny.

The whole idea is we have to do this heist in this hotel in Rwanda.

Right.

We steal the big diamond then a car riner is happy.

Yeah, and no one gets their limbs chopped off.

Nobody gets their limbs chopped off.

I don't want to spoil how it ends.

We all get our limbs chopped off.

Brad Pitt eats food.

Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.

That's the hotel we're all on to theme song.

I'm Ben Schwartz.

My name is Ben Schwartz.

You're Ben Schwartz.

You're not Don Cheadle.

People will know you from your television appearances.

You've never got it correct.

What are your books?

You're on community and you play...

JU Raffi.

What's the showtime show I'm on?

You've sincerely never gotten it correct.

You didn't do the one second of research it took.

Shameless?

Oh my God.

No, I'm not on Shameless.

There's...

I want you to try for real.

I will try for real without a bet.

True.

If someone was playing like, do me a favor.

It's my friend.

What TV show am I on?

We've been friends for maybe three years.

I'm going to say House of Lies.

Yes.

Fantastic.

Alright.

Only because I was stuck in a taxi in New York for three...

I took taxis everywhere for three days.

And it played every single time I was in a taxi.

Okay, good, good.

House of Lies with Don Cheadle.

The aforementioned Don Cheadle.

You're on that TV show.

That TV show?

I'm on Parks and Recreation.

And what's going on with House of Lies?

I like to call it House of Pies because I'm funny.

You're very, very funny.

Thank you.

I tell you that it's not only a food establishment would be a hilarious real thing if there's a house made exclusively of pies.

We're going to start season two.

We start filming in October.

This is the most interview you've ever done with me ever.

Well people are...

People want to know.

They've heard you on this show so many times.

I'm wondering what is the closest guy.

This is my 12th appearance on this show.

And then so that starts, we start shooting in October.

When's it come on though Ben?

I don't know, I think it says 2013.

So my guess would be early 2013.

Back in January which is around when it came on.

January, yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I think that would be where.

Jan Feb, probably, Jeff.

How many did you do last time?

You did 13.

We did 12.

We did 12 and now I bet you're going to do 12.

Double.

The show time is only 12.

We're only going to do 12.

But my character this year has super powers.

I get super powers.

I have the ability to fly.

Fly.

And I have heat vision.

Okay.

But I can only use them after the credits.

So you never really get to see me use them.

Oh, so I bet a lot of villains sort of know that.

They know your weakness.

Right, but.

And they go if we attack him before the credits, he's helpless.

Right, so basically.

But then all of a sudden the credits start and then you first stab at the chains.

Exactly correct.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Correct, correct.

Yeah, it sounds like a great show.

I'm not quite sure what it's about.

It's about management consultants.

Me, Don Cheadle, Kristen Bell from Veronica Mars.

She's great.

And Josh Lawson, the Australian sensation Josh Lawson.

Josh Lawson.

And yeah, I think I'm going to comment on a little bit to sign autographs or say something about it.

I'll see you down there, bro.

Are you really going to be there?

Yeah, I'll be there.

Maybe we'll do it.

Maybe we'll hang out.

Do you want to do on a show Sunday night if you're staying that long, by the way?

If you want me to.

Yeah.

We're going to be in your show.

It's a surprise right now.

But if you don't.

It's a charge Clooney.

I'm a rapit.

And the Asian guy.

I'm from the show.

I'm very excited about your tour.

Yeah.

So if you're down there and happen to be there, I would love to have you on the show.

I know, obviously.

If that's if I had that.

But I'll be there all weeks, we should just hang.

Oh, what would you do?

This is a sincere question.

I don't know if someone was asking me.

I don't know how I would have answered it.

What would you dress up as if you were forced to dress up as something?

What would you dress up?

Not ironically.

Something you really enjoy.

Right.

You know those whole cans that...

Yes, of course I do.

I would dress up like a whole can.

That's...

So I'd have my face coming back through the ball.

And every time you hit something, it goes, that's really funny.

Yes.

A giant whole can.

What would you dress up?

Probably a whole can.

I would probably dress up as Marty McFly back to future.

That's not comic books.

Is that not cool?

No, no, it's sci-fi.

It's everything down there.

I figured I would get the orange...

Orange.

Orange inflatable life jacket.

That was a huge fan of that.

And what if someone were to offer you Pepsi Free?

Oh, God.

First of all, I would dress up as the guy behind my counter and tell them it's not free.

And then you're going to tell me you want to open a tab.

And I'm like, you can't open a tab.

And say, give me something and give you a call.

What about a Diet Coke?

Diet Coke?

I would not drink that.

That's interesting.

I would maybe...

I'm going to amend my answer.

I would dress up like Prince in the Bad Dance video.

With that gun that he sang.

Oh, I'm going to amend mine also.

I would dress up as Bartman.

Bart Simpson as Bartman when he did the Bartman.

When he...

Everybody, if you can, can.

When he was dressed up like Bartman, but he was also doing the Bartman.

Bartman doing the Bartman.

Okay, great.

I hope I would get my own station for that panel.

Your hair, you know, by the way...

Is it terrible?

No, no, no.

You look tomorrow.

What I'm saying is sometimes you have giant hair.

People have seen you on Parks and Rec.

Yeah, yeah.

Giant hair.

But it's sort of like Bart Simpson's hair in a way.

You know what I mean?

That's the most insulting thing I've ever heard.

I really appreciate that.

If you dyed your hair orange...

A series of triangles on the top.

It's not triangles.

It's like little...

It's like little waves.

It's meant to apply.

I don't want to.

Do you know what I mean?

Okay.

How mean are you?

I'm not mean.

That's a compliment.

I'm thinking of getting a real big haircut tomorrow.

What's going on?

I'm going to shave the sides real short and then keep the top real long and see what happens.

Because you're not working from now until October?

I'm working in August for a week.

But...

That's so far away.

And they said they might change it to June.

But technically, come on.

Should you check with them?

No, I mean, it's going to be fine.

I think it'll be great.

What are you working on in August or June?

I'm doing a movie called Runner Runner, but I have a very tiny row.

But it's Justin Timberlake and Ben Affleck.

Can I get to go to Puerto Rico to film it?

Puerto Rico!

Nope.

Just regular Puerto Rico.

Not the racist version.

But it's...

Yeah, that'll be really fun.

I'm psyched to do that.

And then what else, man?

What else is happening?

You got your book out.

A lot of people...

You got a bunch of books.

You gave me one of your books.

Yeah, did you enjoy my book?

I loved it.

Yeah.

I told you I used to do stuff like that.

I don't know.

I know.

It made me really excited and happy.

Yeah.

I loved it.

You're book...

Say what your book is.

Wow, I don't remember the other two books I've written.

Wow, you've written so many books.

You can't remember what they are.

I don't remember any of the projects I'm involved with.

So many projects.

Oh, Ben.

The other one's called Looking on the Bright Side with Baby Animals.

And the third one's called Why Is Daddy in the Dress?

Asking awkward questions with Baby Animals.

Each thing is a postcard of the most adorable animal you've ever seen with the most harsh saying or the asking the weirdest question.

It's based on the posters that people put up in their rooms that are inspirational.

I didn't even think about that.

Yes, that's great.

You did that.

If you like those, then you love these.

You love these.

But they're more sardonic and sarcastic.

Yes, they're very dark.

Like one is it's malignant and it's a picture like a duck or one is your dad's never coming back or stuff like that.

Right.

Breaking news.

And then the other ones are looking on the bright side.

It's like the meteor campy stopped.

It's like, we're looking at the bright side is maybe your leg will grow back or stuff like that.

Literally, that's what it is.

Or stuff like that.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I haven't talked about those.

These are great books and they're postcards.

You can send them to people, right?

Yeah, you can send, you can rip them out and send anybody you want.

Technically, you can mail anything.

Well, that's not true.

Can you mail a human being?

Yeah, I bet you could.

Okay, tell me how.

Stamps.com.

We'll hear about it a little later.

Oh, is that a sponsor of the show?

Oh my goodness.

I believe.

Ben, I think it's time for a game already.

Unless you have something you want to talk about.

That gamer now.

No, no, no, the other game.

Oh.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

That is the meanest I've ever seen you in your life.

Should we talk about anything else?

Yeah.

What do you got?

A man.

What makes you happy?

I tell you, I just love putting out art.

I just love being an artist.

I've never seen your art.

Is this considered art what we're doing?

Yeah.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Yeah.

You're living my art right now.

God, I love being inside your art.

That's what I do.

I do living, breathing art.

Hey, straight up, when you have sex, you call it art.

I do.

You know why?

Because anything can happen.

Ooh.

And the way that you do it.

It's a Wyclef song, an old Wyclef song.

Do you remember that?

Anything can happen.

Nope, nope, nope.

Puerto Rico.

Welcome to Puerto Rico.

Really about Wyclef.

Did he steal all that money for the charity?

What do you think?

I don't know, man.

We should ask.

Let's get him online.

Yo, what's up, man?

It's Wyclef Jones.

Hey, Wyclef, what's the deal?

Leave a message after the beat.

Oh, God, of course.

Hey, Wyclef, Scott and Ben here.

Just wondering if you stole that money for the charity.

You there?

Pick up.

If you stole the money for the charity, pick up.

If you were happy with your message, press 1.

I don't know.

Could we do that better, Ben?

To send with normal delivery.

Press 2.

Because then with the person.

Press 3 and see what happens.

Dude.

Yo, what's up, man?

It's a Pharrell.

Whoa, to get Pharrell, if you press 3, you got Pharrell.

Hey, Pharrell.

Leave a message after the beat.

He got me again, these hip-hop guys.

What's the message for me?

Oh, hey, Pharrell, Pharrell.

Hey, man.

Hey, if you're happy with your message, press 1.

2, normal delivery.

You know what?

3, leave a message for Pharrell.

What's 4?

I'm going to press it.

Scott, it's me from the future.

Who from the future?

Scott Ockerman, it's Scott Ockerman.

It's me from the future?

Listen to me.

Do I ever talk to Pharrell?

Do I ever reach him?

Yes.

You do.

I'm warning you right now.

When you get the opportunity, he's going to call you back.

Do not plug your show to him.

Okay.

He's going to just want to talk.

He's going to be your friend and you're going to plug your show.

He's going to run everything.

That's him right now.

Oh, okay.

Call waiting.

Do not.

Okay.

Anything you do.

You sure?

Click, click.

Yo, hello, this is Pharrell.

Someone call me.

Hey, it's Scott Ockerman.

Hey, Scott, what's up?

Star of IFC's comedy-bang.

Ahh!

10 more minutes.

Oh, that was my bit.

Does it so happen?

That's one of my favorite bits.

We've never done.

We did.

Oh, can we do it every time on the show?

Yeah, every time you're on the show.

And 10 more minutes.

All right, it's Pharrell again.

All right, it is time though.

Why don't we play a little game called what am I thinking?

Oh, okay, I like this game.

By the way, you can talk during this one.

That's a new rule.

Can talk during the, what am I thinking theme song?

Okay.

Perfectly acceptable.

A lot of people get mad that people talk over the woods around them.

90 seconds, how long is this thing?

It goes for a little while.

Let's listen.

No, I thought we were listening.

No talking.

I just said two seconds ago you could talk about it.

Hey, man.

Yeah.

Not cool.

Not fun.

And it's time to play one of my thinking.

Well, no, this is played.

Do you remember how this is played?

Well, let's start and see what happens.

All right, let's do it.

Do you think of a word?

Okay, I think of a word right now.

All right, let me think.

All right, I got one.

Good.

All right.

So we each separately do and then we say three to one and we each say the word.

Oh, this is the easiest thing in the world.

You think we'll say the same exact thing?

I think so.

Okay, ready?

Three, two, one.

Styraphone.

Potato.

All right.

Now we try to think of the, what word those.

Yeah, this is an old school improv game.

Yeah.

You should play this all the time.

Styraphone and potato.

All right.

Okay.

All right, here we go.

Three, two, one.

To go container head.

All right, to go container and mister potato head.

All right.

To go container.

I got this.

Three, two, one.

Shopping bag.

Rise and shopping bag.

All right.

Here we go.

You already know what it is?

I got one.

Yeah.

Fries and shopping.

You're going to be terrible.

Fries and shopping bag.

Fries and shopping bag Ben.

We're going to need an answer.

Hmm.

Okay.

Fries and shopping bag.

Here we go.

Three, three, two, one.

The best food.

Electronics the best food.

We got the electronics stores.

All right.

I don't know what that is.

I apologize.

Okay.

Well, okay.

So we have electronics and fast food.

Electronics and fast food.

There's only one electronic fast food thing.

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Drive containers.

The bathroom menu is electronic.

That's exactly correct.

All right.

Drive through.

And containers.

I don't know why I said that.

Drive through machine and containers.

All right.

Here we go.

Ready?

Wait.

Hold up.

You know what you.

Oh, we got this.

We got one bag.

Here we go.

That's how we.

That's how we play.

Play.

What am I thinking?

Oh, a terrible tank to the end of that.

Yeah.

That's really anticlimactic.

Oh, so anticlimactic.

All right.

I'm very, very excited because coming up after the break, we have a legendary comedian on the show.

Is this comedian going to be coming on?

I believe so.

I'm going to talk out the door and see if he's here.

Tony Clifton is here.

Lounge singer as well.

Lounge singer.

We're going to talk about his whole career.

Ben and I are going to get into it right after the break.

This is comedy.

Bang, bang.

We'll see you on the other side.

Comedy.

Bang, bang.

We are back.

This is Scott Ockerman.

I'm here with Ben Schwartz from House of Pies.

House of Lies.

Very close though.

Parks and regurgitation.

Parks and recreation.

You're very close.

I have this.

My headphones wrapped around my.

Can you help me?

Yeah.

I'm going to talk to you.

I'm going to talk to you about this.

It's a pleasure to see you.

I've been a big fan of yours for several years.

I would say I've been doing a lot of interviews lately because of the TV show coming on.

One of the major reasons I got into comedy is you and Kaufman, which is something I want to talk about.

Are you okay talking about that?

Absolutely.

We can talk about that a little.

I can.

For years I then I'd be pissed at them.

But now since the guy that guy's been dead 27 this month, 27 years, supposedly if you buy the fact I believe he's fucking dead.

I think every once in a while somebody will come see me because of the controversy and all y'all.

Andy, and I say, hey, you know what I say?

You want to see Andy Kaufman?

You know what I say?

Get yourself a flashlight and shovel.

Oh my god.

How did you know him?

We'll get into your background as well.

By the way I want to welcome you have two lovely ladies here.

The Cliftonettes they introduced.

Girls, it's kind of hot in here.

Why don't you take those tops off?

Take the tops off.

I mean, I'm not kidding.

This is perfect for the podcast.

It's perfect for the podcast.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's a video, Daddy.

You're going to get that camera out in here.

Who cares?

The video and not.

I want to see the show.

Phoenix Tony doesn't care about audio or video differences.

They look at this.

Phoenix and Maxim are here.

Phoenix and Maxim.

Welcome to the show.

They've just taken off their shirts.

They have.

This is getting a lot like the Stern show or something because I never thought my show.

Wait till the end.

We'll talk about your background.

But people, you sort of rose to prominence through Andy Kaufman or there are several people who said that Andy Kaufman.

Yeah, what happened quickly, what happened in 1969 when Kaufman hit Hight to Las Vegas to see his idol Elvis Presley.

That was Elvis's big return.

You know, he was 69.

Which I heard that he hid in a dumb way.

He went there because he wanted this is the weirdest thing.

He wanted to.

There's two stories.

He said, oh, you met me.

What you just said is the Elvis story, so I'm going to tell it.

So he had no, he was an Andy Kaufman yet.

He was the skinny fucking pimply juke kid, jubey from Great Neck.

Sure.

But that was his idol.

So he hitchhiked.

Girls listening, he had no fucking money at all.

Hitchhiked all the way to Las Vegas.

To meet with Elvis, not to see the fucking show.

He could give a shit about the show.

He really wanted to talk Elvis Presley.

And he knew everything.

Because he was the first Elvis impersonator.

Right.

Yeah.

A lot of Elvis impersonators now.

But it wasn't common.

That came years later.

Oh yeah, no, he was the only one at the time.

You know.

And he was good.

He learned all his answers.

Yeah, absolutely.

So what happened is that he got to the Hilton Hotel early in the day.

He brought a gallon plastic jug to piss it.

He had some cookies.

And he hit in a broom con closet.

He said it was kind of like Sir Anne, Sir Anne.

And he knew that Elvis would come down from the penthouse suite.

That he had blacked out with the aluminum foil on the windows all of his fans who know this shit.

And Elvis would come down back then.

They back then in Vegas.

The showrooms, they serve food.

They don't do this anymore.

Right.

But it was really, you know, really the big night out.

It was great.

It was kind of what we're doing at the Comedy Store.

Because that used to be Cyril's, the Comedy Store.

Oh yeah, yeah, right.

So we're bringing that field back.

Are you serving food in your shows as well?

Yeah, they got some food there.

Okay.

So we're going to do dinner today doing Vegas.

So anyway, so the kitchen was always off to the showroom.

So they could bring the food in the way.

So Kaufman hadn't had there.

And he waited for Elvis to come down because I also just come down about five minutes before the show.

He didn't have any backstage dressing room.

His penthouse down.

You can just walk right onto the stage.

Yeah, he'd walk through the kitchen and right onto the fucking stage.

So before he gets to the kitchen, old Kaufman jumps out.

And the West brothers, Red and Sunny West, that was the Memphis Mafia.

Elvis's body goes.

They fucking jumped out.

And I talked to Red West years about this, who remembered this incident.

And Red went for his gun right away.

And Elvis could look at Kaufman.

It's skinny Jew bastard.

You know.

You're looking at this.

Yeah, this is literally my story.

This is my sixth-sex story.

Yeah, except we're always going up to like, you know, someone way different.

So he jumped out and then Elvis went, whoa, whoa, whoa, who a, whoa, you know.

And Andy looked at him and said, and he was shaking his nerves.

He said, you know what I mean?

He said, I'm your biggest fan.

And someday I want to be famous like you.

And Elvis, instead of dismissing the kid, looks him straight in the eye, puts his hand down his shoulder and he says, I'll believe it will happen.

Just like that.

Wow.

And that was it.

And then he left.

Just walked the way that was it.

That's how old it was Andy at the time.

Andy had to be about maybe 18, 19 years old.

That's 19 years old.

Awesome story.

That is awesome.

And then true.

But here's what's so crazy, guys.

And here's a guy that was not performing or anything.

Literally about two years after that incident, Andy Kaufman was the biggest cabaret act in New York City.

So crazy.

And he said, because of that benediction, that baptismal.

Yeah.

It's almost like something passed through Elvis too.

Oh, yeah, he said, yeah, absolutely.

And what's so fucking crazy?

We then, then years later, we were on the Mike Douglas show .

Yeah.

That was before you.

And the girls went, no Mike Douglas, no.

I'm a little bit older than everyone in this room.

Yeah, but you were no Mike Douglas.

I know.

Yeah, but you'd get, you know, the 70s.

He's got, he had a big talk show and everything, you know, came on a filly or something.

But anyway, so Mike, after the show, Mike said he was friends, we just had a wine drop.

He's got the book, the thing.

Right.

What's his first name?

I can't remember.

Yeah.

Just the ocean's movies, any?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I've seen Jerry.

Jerry.

I've seen a guy called Mike Douglas that, Mike Douglas asked him who did Elvis think was the best impressionist of him.

And he said Andy Kaufman.

Nice.

Now Elvis never put together that that was that kid named M opton.

Because that was years before Andy became famous.

I can't believe I've never heard this before.

Yeah.

It's an incredible story.

It's awesome.

Yeah.

And the reason what was so crazy.

So if you go to Grace Lynn now in the video room, you will see, and I talked to Red West about this West brother, said any time Kaufman was on TV, Elvis would say tape him.

So you could go to Grace Lynn and those tapes are sitting there.

Where are they sitting?

In the video room.

And they jumped right off the jungle room there.

And they're sitting there, you know.

And he never knew.

They never met, you know.

And then not until after Elvis's death, did we hear these stories about this, which of course made Andy Phil.

Wow.

That's amazing.

So how that?

So yeah, one thing was, you know, one performer helps the other one.

Now did, did Andy pass something on to you in the same way that...

No, he stole from me.

He stole from me.

He was riding my coat tail.

When did he meet you?

He must have met you when he's in Vegas.

Well, that's my story.

He was in Vegas.

So that night after he left there, he went to Old Downtown Vegas, a free mind street, you know that.

And I was performing a lounge there.

Where was it?

What lounge were you performing?

Like the Pioneer or...

No, I don't know.

No, no, this was like the something socks, booze and socks.

It was...

Booze and socks.

No, it wasn't even socks.

Wasn't even my cats.

I actually had a text.

Oh, I got that.

I got that.

That was...

No, you did not.

Okay, Tony, I'm sorry.

Don't start that, man.

I apologize.

You was coughing.

He was not laughing.

They'll put their tops back on.

I apologize.

Come on, man.

How I control the room.

Really apologize.

So I control the room.

Please, control your show.

No, but the socks is just my...

How do you tell if a Polish girl is on her period?

She's only one...

We're in one sock.

Don't even clip that.

So anyway, he goes down the Fremont Street.

That night, and he sees me in this club, right?

He didn't talk to me or anything.

I didn't know this.

About...

Like I said, about two years later...

71-ish somewhere around.

Why don't I hit the Carney Hall show and all?

When he started going, all's in somebody, I get a call on people coming up to me.

Bugs me mum role.

That's the guy in three months here I saw on the watches.

He came up to his estate.

Tony, he says, congratulations.

He are playing Carnegie Hall.

What the fuck you thought?

I thought...

What?

Bugs...

He's always fucking half in the bag anyway, he's fucked up.

So then a few more people say this, you know, and I go, what the fuck is this all about?

They say, oh no, look in the New York Times.

This was before being...

Before you could be something.

Google, just say Google.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, you'd go to Google to do it, but this is before...

Exactly.

Yeah.

And so what I did, and then said, Andy, Carnegie Hall, opening act Tony Clifton.

They actually had a picture of me.

So what the fuck is this?

So then I called the fucking Shapiro, his Jew, the Jew manager.

Yeah, of course.

Andy Kaufman's manager.

The Jew manager.

That's Seinfeld.

Yeah, yeah, well the managed Jewish manager in the world at that time.

Yeah, that's right.

And he was the...

And he met a fact...

He had Danny DeVito plays him in Man on the Moon.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And there's a little fucking midget.

You know, I tell you, DeVito, he's a legal midget in eight states.

I'm serious because of certain sizes.

Really?

And he's a legal midget in eight states.

You watch him in...

Oh, son, he've ever seen his stuff for you.

I don't like him.

You fucking mid.

You're going through that little fucking midget as far as ...

That changes year by year though.

Like sometimes it's nine states.

It used to be almost all of the continents.

It changed it.

Yeah.

But he hates it.

You know, when we shot Man on the Moon, there was one scene that came in early and it was outside of the exterior scene of Block and they set up this whole block with this ramp, about like this, a ramp.

Yeah.

But it wasn't this, I was about it.

About two feet off the ground.

Yeah.

And it went on for the whole fucking block so they could do this traveling shot.

So he could walk with that fucking Indy Carvin play by Jim fucking Gary.

He's out with that little fucking midget.

I'm sure if you heard this, he'd be sick this stomach.

That's exactly what he was executive producer on the film.

So that price cost 35, 40 thousand dollars to be popped on midget ramp.

That's all that was.

That's what Pat Sajek does on Wheel of Fortune.

Yeah, every single time.

That's right.

And he had a fuck, either one of you girls, he'd have to be on a fucking head after putting him in a box or something.

What do you let him in?

Wait, just fuck either one of these girls?

They'd put him in a box?

No, he'd have to stand on a box and get a blow drop.

I'd rather put him in a box, cut a couple of holes in it.

That's all done.

So getting back, getting back though, so you go to Carnegie Hall and what did you just come up, I called Shapiro up and said I'm going to sue him, right?

And then Kauffman heard about it and Kauffman didn't do it to be mean.

Because it was Kauffman dressing up like me.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Did you think it was anything like you when you saw him?

Did you ever see him?

Did you look anything like you?

Well, not at first, not at first because he didn't know what he was doing.

Then they brought in prosthetic guys and then they tried to match it up.

But that was after with my approval then.

Oh, really?

You approved of this?

Eventually, because eventually, yeah, eventually he'd have me open for him.

Oh, you got to cut of it whenever he did you.

Did you get to cut of that money or no?

Well, he didn't do me that often.

Okay.

He did not do me that often just a few times in the beginning.

Got it.

Then I went for it.

Then I got in and he was doing it, you know, as like they say, is a form of flattery.

What's that like?

The sincere, sincerity.

I think it's a position.

I don't know why you're saying sincerity.

Imitation is the greatest form of flattery.

Don't ever act, no, he doesn't know what he's talking about .

I have two in the hand.

Two in the hand is one in the two hands.

Nope.

A penny is worth a penny.

Yep, you're right.

That one's the correct one actually.

So, so eventually you were the person opening up for him.

He was imitating you as a lark.

That's right.

That's a joke.

And then if you see him so when you see him, you could see the difference if you look at the shows.

The ones that I met because he was doing an impression of me as you know, impressions of me usually character-chir.

Yeah, it's a copy of a copy.

And you are not a caricature.

Look, I'm the one who did it.

He is here by the way.

For anybody who had doubts, he is here.

But there are a lot of people who say though that Andy Cop an faked his own death and that these shows that you're doing.

Yeah, then that started, that bullshit started.

Right.

And it started and then they called me up about a year after his death to appear at the comedy store.

And then started the bullshit going.

I didn't know I was getting into.

And then I had to leave the fucking country because then any time I performed someplace, we always, oh, you got to be coughing.

I was getting sick of it already.

Yeah.

Right.

So I fucked and then I started when I'm touring the third world countries.

Third world, man.

I want to see those.

Oh, man.

Oh, I got some good footage.

Yeah, I played up the polo stadiums.

Oh, so I'm.

Can't wait.

Wow.

But then the Argentina, you're building all up.

Yeah, go.

I also do a little faith healing too.

Because that's really, you have to really get them in there .

Yeah, of course.

Get them in there.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But you get the young girls, you know, there's different restrictions as far as age fucking the young girls.

Oh, is that true?

What are the most?

What's the youngest girl you've had sex with?

I believe in Bolivia.

It's 12.

12.

But I see you.

What's the youngest woman you've had sex with?

What's the youngest age?

Bolivia.

And you were how old at the time?

No, I'm the same age I am now.

This is last week.

No, but I'm like, you know, Jake Benny, 39.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So, okay, so we remember Jake Benny, baby.

I don't.

Are they hot?

Listen, that's why I'm not.

Well, she's the dance captain here.

Who's the earliest comedian that you can recall?

Have you ever heard of Jerry Seinfeld?

Yes.

Chris Rock.

Okay, you're just fucking with me now.

No, no, go deeper, go deeper.

Red Fox.

I mean, Red Fox.

I love comedy, so I...

Red Fox?

No.

Do you know who Scott Ockerman is?

No, I do.

Are you a big comedy bang bang fan?

Do you guys know Scott?

She knows she knows you.

Yeah, I didn't look you up clearly.

She knows you.

No problem.

But I will.

She's all excited.

She probably blew his life to fucking the room.

You can probably get a blowjob.

Of course not, right?

She's got you get a blowjob.

So I can't.

Phoenix has been on the record that you get a blowjob before we all left the room.

Uh, please stay.

Um, nothing against you.

I'm married man.

I'm just not the amateur.

You're just not the amateur.

You're just nervous.

Everyone stay in the room.

So, we've cleared that.

You're not coffin.

You have a...

I get you apologize that you didn't want the blowjob.

I'm so sorry.

It's not your Phoenix.

I'm sure...

I don't put up a...

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It doesn't work that way.

Alright, I clipped it.

I'm trying to...

As you are.

So Tony, you're not coffin.

No.

There was that weird movie man on the moon that stated...

Man at the moon, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

...stated that Jim Perry stated that...

No, no, but at this...

See, in the movie man, if you look at the credits, it's Tony Clifton played by himself.

Yeah, it was you.

So it was you and then...

But there's three that Andy Jim plays.

And I got...

Oh, I got a great story.

I got a good Jim Perry story.

And he is.

And...

But Jim played me in the movie.

Okay.

You know, because he's getting out of makeup and everything .

Right.

Andy DeVito comes to see him backstage when he...

You got that.

Paul Giamatti, who plays...

We're not on this show before...

Who plays me in the fucking...

Oh, yeah, Jimatti is a good guy.

Mm-hmm.

And then at the end, the last number of...

Singing, I will seveve, that's me.

Oh, that's the best part of the whole film.

So that's three of us in there.

And then it pans over and you...

I don't want any of the way to get in the movie.

It's been out.

It's been out for a second.

And you see Andy Coughlin...

Don't spoil it to kill a lot.

Do not spoil it to kill a lot of people.

You see Paul Giamatti, that's sitting on the side who you think it was in and Coughlin...

Right.

Because it's the Tony Clifton.

But Andy, Jim Kerry, this is...

I got to tell you the story real quick.

Okay.

Because Jim, you know Jim, has he done this?

He is not.

I would love to...

You'll never get him.

Yeah, he'll never judge me.

Don't quit dreaming.

He doesn't do anything.

But here's a guy, folks, Jim Kerry...

Right down the street, we're performing at the Comedy Store .

Yeah.

He's been doing it for eight years on that Comedy Store stage two shows a night for free.

Who is it Jim Kerry?

Jim Kerry.

Before he was...

Yeah, before...

Before the one of the niggas that the Whalen...

Oh my gosh.

No, the Whalen.

I apologize to our listeners.

From an 11th color.

So that kid...

What?

Listen.

David Wayans?

Nobody's gonna tell me how to fuck and talk.

We're no one telling you how to talk.

I'm just apologizing to our listeners.

We can be disappointed.

We just can't tell you what to do.

Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.

We can be disappointed.

Part and parcel with having you on is we know that you're a certain type of entertainer.

Listen, I've had a start.

There's political correctness.

I don't go over it.

It starts like that and it ends with book burning.

That's right.

That reminds me of the Jews.

There we go.

It started up.

It's only way...

What's the difference?

We'd Santa Claus in the Jew.

What's the difference between Santa Claus and the Jew?

Santa Claus comes down to Germany.

Oh.

Now I can make that joke.

I thought you're Benny.

Ben.

Ben, I can make that joke.

Oh, I'm signing it.

Don't cry.

Ben, I can make that joke.

It took me a little bit to get why that was so bad.

I was like, I don't...

Oh, come on.

I'm flipped in.

But Ben, I can make that joke too.

Are you half Jewish, Tony?

No, because I had a relative who died in Auschwitz.

Is that true?

Tony clipped in his...

Oh, he fell off the guard, though.

Anyway.

You stepping on SpongeBob.

I'm so sorry.

I'm sorry.

What does he know of time?

I'm the only Jewish person who's here over this.

You're looking the same.

So anyway, Jim would play two shows a night.

So anyway, so what happened?

So he got on living color because the Wayland Brothers got him on there.

Wayland Brothers?

The Waylands or whatever.

Way and Wayans.

And then the Picking Indies, those guys.

Oh boy.

So then they came...

Oh, honestly, how would he tell me to say, oh boy and God, by the end of this.

So then he did, of course.

Did that Shady X saw him put him in Ace Ventura.

Shady X is the director of that for...

Yeah, yeah, you're right.

Now he's $20 million a movie or something around there.

Right.

He gave it all up.

He moved away, right?

Yeah, he lives on a beach now.

Yeah, Shady is a documentary man.

That's right.

Yeah, just like with his bike and he's out of the business.

Oh, yeah.

Got real spiritual and stuff.

After working with Jim Carrey, that would do it to him.

So anyway, Jim's away.

This is the weird thing.

So when it was announced, when DeVito and Jersey Films announced in Universal that they were doing Man on the Moon, the movie, all of a sudden Milos Forman, two Tom Academy Award winner for Amadeus, one for the Googers and S, was going to direct.

So the word came out, all of a sudden, the A list all wanted to play Kaufman.

You won't believe the names.

Tom Hanks.

Of course.

Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, Ed Norton, Jim Carrey, Nick, I want a Nicholas Cage, right?

But a whole slew of them.

And Milos now is a gun for hire director.

Milos makes a movie like every eight, nine years.

So he's got a finance and everything else.

So he doesn't want to say no to any of these big wigs because they'll say, later on, if you might need them, they'll go, fuck you, Milos, I want to play Jim Carrey, Andy Kaufman.

You said, no.

So he comes out with a thing, he puts out a thing, it was very smart on his part that said, whoever makes, if somebody wants to play Kaufman, they have to make an audition tape.

I saw this audition tape.

I saw Carrey's audition tape.

Did you really?

So anyway, so what happened?

So, and a lot of them dropped out.

Now I want a Nick Cage because there's something to me.

He's a very fascinating actor.

We talked about him a couple of weeks ago.

And at the time, now he's done a lot of shit over the last few years, but at that time, he was to me, you know, vampires, kids.

And he was fantastic and everything.

Where Jim did not have any of the real dramatic stuff behind yet.

So I figure, okay, you'll ball off the comedy, but in this fucking movie, Kaufman dies of cancer, the whole thing, you need to throw fucking actor with chimes.

And it's Milos Forman big time to run.

So I get becomes buddy with Cage.

Everybody's calling me.

Kevin Spacey went to play in the space.

They're all calling.

They all want to fucking play.

The Space Man.

Yeah.

And I had a lot of space, the gay space, yeah.

And so he got there.

You go.

So anyway, so we put this out.

And the next thing I know, my phone rings and it's Jim Car rey.

And he says, you know, Tony, Tony Clifton.

I say, yeah, he says, you know, because they know.

How's he got your number?

How does the Jim Carrey?

He got it from Universal.

Because they said that I had a little say so and who is going to play what roles.

They didn't want me being pissed off and then putting the film down.

And then doing, yeah, all of a sudden it's tied up in court .

Well, or not that, but just putting down the film, you know , because a lot of people that were pissed off anyway, that you shouldn't do a major motion picture about Kaufman's life.

Because he was such a outcast kind of a guy.

Right.

You know, it's on the fringe.

Yeah, it shouldn't be like it should be not a big studio, but independent or something, you know.

Right.

So there was all that shit that came down.

Jim calls.

He says, say Tony, you know, I understand you have a lot to do with, you know, who's going to be picked to play Andy?

Could you, I made the audition tape.

Could you come to my house to see it?

I said, sure.

Yeah.

Well, when he says, could you come now on?

So I said, yeah, yes, I'm driving there and I'm saying to myself, whatever he shows you, don't say anything like that's great.

Say stuff like that's interesting stuff.

He can't take the bank.

So I go and he's living now.

Now here's the guy that used to have no fucking money.

He's in Bel Air.

He's got incredible fucking home.

Like you can't believe.

And Jim is so nuts because of the proper arts and everything.

Carrie buys the mansions on either side of his property.

Wow.

It has them boarded up just so somebody can't be in there looking out, taking a picture.

Does he really need to board him up?

Could he just like, I believe a man take a ticket.

Oh, yeah.

Yes.

I got all his inventions.

They put all the starving children in the world and refused to feed them.

So I go at his house and the gates open up and he meets me out in front of the mansion.

And he says, let me take it to the, and he's got a home theater in its own building, actually a theater.

That's crazy.

Right.

Yeah, fucking crazy shit.

He says, I got, he says, let me get taken in there.

He says, I got about 10 more minutes worth of phone calls.

Then I will bring the audition tape for you to see.

So I walk into the movie, he brings me into the movie theater there.

And on the screen is they're showing clips from Taxi and Saturday Live.

He's got a guy hired to be the candy guy.

Oh, just for me.

Yeah, just for me.

And you're home theater.

Yeah.

And this huge fucking theater that's on his fucking property.

What kind of candy we Tony want to hear?

Oh, I'm grabbing every fucking thing.

Because I figure I don't want Carrie.

Right.

You want to know that?

I'll steal this.

I'll never see this.

I have the scripts again.

Where's the church for that?

Is this movie theater?

No, no, no, no.

No, no.

No, no, no.

It's free.

I'm putting, I mean, I'm like eating three ice cream cones at the same time.

And then he comes and I'm watching the stuff of Kaufman from Santa.

Not a lot of even everything.

And then he comes back.

So he's actually showing the real costume.

Yeah, while we were waiting.

Yeah, he had.

Now a lot of people wouldn't want to do that because they were in your garage.

I guess he was secure.

Secure to think, you know.

So then he comes in with this little paper bag and he says, okay, Tony, I'd like to show you my audition tape now.

And he starts acting.

I don't know the guy.

And he starts acting like a loon.

He starts laughing like a mad man.

There's nobody around.

The candy guy's gone.

He tears the bag open.

There's nothing in it.

And who's to say that a fucking superstar can't be a serial killer?

Right.

I don't know what the fuck's going on.

There's nothing in there.

I'm telling you, there's nothing in there.

And then he says, so what do you think of my audition tape?

And he points to the screen.

Guys, what he did, he had gotten Judd Apatow.

And what they did, well, they cut and be doing, they got footage from San night live.

They called Lauren Michaels.

They got that fucking curtain shipped out.

And then he, Jim, played Kaufman in this thing.

And he brought a guy in.

I tell the girls this what it takes in the show business.

He brought a guy in.

Jim didn't ever play the Conga's in his life.

And he wanted to do the Conga, the famous Conga.

Yeah, of course.

And he did all that stuff from crying and whatnot.

He brought a guy in for two weeks, four times a week to come in to teach him that Conga's.

So he doesn't even have the role.

This is amazing.

This just shows you what the, you know, I tell these people that it's not just show it's show business.

And the business part is so fucking important for these kids.

I tell these young kids nowadays to show you, you know, the easiest part.

You know what you're doing.

Look at you now, because you're doing all this and what you 're doing.

Look at me.

It's easy.

It's a lot of productive.

I make it look easy.

Yeah, there's a lot of stuff.

Yeah, the fun part is that.

So he does this and I like fucking broken the tears.

He nailed Kaufman.

He nailed.

So you had a whole time.

I thought it was.

Yeah, no, exactly.

I thought it was fucking Kaufman.

So I'm like fucking his and I didn't want him.

Right.

So I'm like breaking down crying everything.

I said, you got the role and everything.

Wow.

You said that to him?

Oh, yeah.

Wait a second.

I get back to the house and on my machine, as soon as I left, he had three guys on motorcycles delivery men with duplicates of this tape going to Danny DeVito's house, going to Miele at the same time.

I'm going to Mielech with stay at the Beverly Hills Hill.

Tell it went there.

It went over, I think Ron Meyer had a universal at the time .

Where's Danny staying?

And Danny is staying at the Midgetville.

I don't know.

I mean, you know what he's going to say.

Why do you do it?

You're going to be in poor trouble.

Yeah.

Yeah, the leftover from Wizard of Oz.

They got a little house there and he's.

You're right.

So anyway, so anyway, by the time I get home, the messages are in my machine from all three of them.

How the fuck there you tell Jim Gary's got the bop, bop, b op, and they didn't see the tape.

They haven't seen it yet.

Because I think, yeah, because Jim called them right after and said Tony was just here and says, I got the fucking roll, you know, I'm sending the tape to you.

But they figured what the fuck, you know, I went around them or some shit.

And then about a half hour that after they all called back and said, we apologize.

They said, you're right.

But that he would get Judd Apatow to shoot that now.

Yeah, but he made the audition now.

Here's the funny part.

So now I'm there's a big punch to this.

So now that you have Nicholas Cage, who keeps calling now I 'm not taking Cage's call.

Oh my girl.

That's a dangerous day.

That's a girl.

That's a dangerous day.

I said, no, don't take the calls.

Your man is a ghost writer.

Yeah.

So anyway, that's when so anyway.

Hey, I'm not an easy laugh.

Donate.

I've been holding back.

Yeah, I'm high five with daddy Clifton.

So anyway, I'm sitting there and now cut to the chase months, a half a year later, a film shot.

We're at the premiere.

And I didn't know that Nicholas Cage is one of Jim Carrey's best friends in real life.

So anyway, we're at the party afterwards as you know, I'm fucking throwing back Jack Daniels.

And I got a great Jack Daniels joke.

But anyway, we're going to go on.

So anyway, I'm throwing back the Jack fucking Daniels.

And I'm at the party afterwards and I brush up against Nick Cage's.

Oh, and he looks, but he was a great guy.

Right away, I'm going on.

Right.

Because I'm going to take his call.

And he went right away.

He was a cold dude.

He says right away.

He says, Tony, it's okay.

He says, I couldn't have done what Jim did.

Wow.

Yeah.

He was very, yeah, you know, not that he was waiting for roles anyway.

Guys in those positions, any fucking day they want to make a movie.

Especially that time he was going, no.

Oh, he was he was out fucking out of control.

Face off, guys.

So he fucks off.

I want to take your face off.

So I want to take her pussy off.

Anyway, I would see that movie.

I don't know what it is.

Do you put her pussy on your face and her face on your pussy?

We do stuff like that in the show.

No, no, no.

I mean, I don't want to joke myself.

My face is on Pussy's during that show, right?

Is that what does that mean?

You got to come to show and see.

Thank you.

That's the greatest.

Thank you very much.

See you show.

I'm almost at the punch.

Right.

So anyway, so I said a cage.

You know, I say, so I'm sitting there.

Now we're drinking a little.

I said, Nick, I said, I got a, I asked you.

I said, why didn't you make the audition tape?

I'm trying to get off here.

And he starts laughing.

And he says, why didn't I make the audition tape?

He says, I'll tell you why.

Because my good friend Jim Carrey said, guys in our position shouldn't have to make audition.

Oh, that's amazing.

I've ever heard.

That's amazing.

There you go.

That's amazing.

Who's fucking store?

Fucked by Jim Carrey.

And that's his good friend.

That's Jim.

That's how he gets those fucking movies.

It just goes to show you the business side.

You know, Jim's production.

That's a great story.

Just show you how goable.

Nick Cage.

Yeah, just cause it's a big cage.

He was laughing about it.

But you know.

All right, tell you what, why don't we go to a break when we come back?

We'll have more Tony Clifton.

We'll have more of the Clifton Nets.

We'll have more bench warts.

We're going to hear more stories.

We'll be right back.

This is comedy.

Bang, bang, bang.

There we go.

Let me scroll gorgeous.

Fantastic.

You got to come to the show.

You got to see them.

They're excited.

Love it.

Every Thursday and Friday, 9 p.m. but they are tremendous.

They're Clifton Nets.

How many do you have?

Just two?

We have six all together.

Six?

How do you fit them all together?

She put them all together.

These are two favorite, Tony.

These are my two favorites.

Are we rolling?

I was going to say that was so necessary.

Why catch them screwing around on me then?

Then they get sent to the dog house and I bring out the other ones.

All right, we are back.

This is comedy.

Bang, bang, bang.

We got that.

We're here with Tony Clifton and the Clifton Nets.

And of course, bench warts, my left hand man.

Hey, what's up, guys?

This is some fascinating show business stories.

Can I say that?

I've done this show maybe six times or something like that.

You can say that.

Thank you so much.

No worries.

And this is the most we've ever listened in our entire life .

For real, right?

Oh, that's good.

We usually fuck around and we're just not saying anything.

We're get-a-lie smiling through Tony Clifton's story.

For real.

Usually it's not.

It's not about you, right?

Yeah, I'm fucking.

Not when Clifton's in the room.

Yeah, man.

This is the weirdest thing in the world.

I have a headshot of myself behind me.

Nobody's even saying anything about it.

I want someone to say something about it.

Tony, how did you start in the business?

I mean, what attracted you to show business?

What's your story?

Where'd you grow up, first of all?

I grew up in Chicago.

Tony Chicago.

Which side of Chicago grew up in Chicago?

Started out as a kid.

Then it all started out as a kid.

Started out as a kid.

You did it all.

Kid?

Not me.

Too major.

I started off as an 80-set.

I look like Mel Brooks out of the womb.

You're like one of those Benjamin Button guys.

I am the Benjamin Button.

I'm a part 18.

Magician Kid-Ventril.

You're a Kid-Ventril.

Yeah, you're a Kid-Ventril.

You still do magic in your act?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, we're going to do...

We're going to do...

Burn I, because she worked at the Magic Castle for a while, right?

I love the Magic Castle.

Under whose tutelage?

Well, I studied Magic classes there.

Oh, you did.

Congratulations.

But yeah, we're going to do Black Magic Woman, and we're going to have a...

She does a trick.

I do a trick back and forth.

Oh, that's fun.

What's your specialty?

Close up...

Mrs. Magic, we're talking about...

A sleight of hand.

Coins.

I mean, I've done...

I've learned everything, so...

You got a card here?

Do you have a card?

God, I wish we did.

That's a real oversight.

Yeah, I mean, you have a...

What'd you call it?

I don't have anything.

I have a business card.

Give me a business card.

It's not mine.

Give me the business, and then we'll do some real quick...

Who's giving you business cards, Ben?

Literally, look what my business...

Look what this card says.

Stop talking.

It just says stop talking.

Literally, that's all it says.

Someone just gave that to you on the street.

Okay, here we go.

Uh-oh.

Okay.

Whoa!

Okay, does that work for a podcast?

Yeah, I'm going to describe it, but I feel like that.

Because we're all gonna be...

I'm gonna start with it.

Now, let's describe what happened.

I took this, gave me a card.

Right, that was out of your card.

Right, I didn't do anything.

He gave it to me what you just heard, ladies and gentlemen.

I kind of hypnotized the card.

It flew around the room.

It hypnotized the card.

That card would do anything.

You saw that card, it hypnotized it.

Right, it levitated.

Levitated.

Right, it burst into flames.

It literally, it flamethened.

And then it reappeared.

And then a dragon came out and said, what you talking about , Willis?

I feel like you're acting left.

And then it reappeared.

By the way, we're not clothed at all.

We woke up from this whole thing totally nude.

And then days later, there's a tattoo on my arm that says, Clifton was here.

And your card is...

And my color would say, my card now says, keep talking.

So you did all this as a kid, and then when did you hit a pun?

Then I always liked the singers.

I always liked the singers.

So then I went, you know, I'm doing a plen place.

I went to Vegas, went there, worked the little rooms.

And that's about the time a coffin came in.

By the way, I want to hear your Jack Daniels joke.

Oh, you're the blonde joke.

Okay, here you go.

Wait, is it the blonde joke or the Jack Daniels joke?

It's both.

It's a blonde goes into a bar.

It says the bar, then it give me a triple Jack Daniels.

Knock it down.

She says, give me another one.

Give me another.

This goes on for about an hour and a half, two hours later, she's knocked out cold, you know, spread eagle on the floor and all the guys in the bar.

Fuck her.

She comes back the next night, says the bartender, you know , triple Jack Daniel.

Boom, boom, boom.

Same fucking thing.

Passes out, spread eagle on the floor.

All the guys fuck her.

She comes in the next night, says the bartender, bartender, ah, triple Jack Daniels.

She says, no, no, no.

She says, make me a margarita instead.

He says, I thought you drink was Jack Daniels.

She says, no, that stuff makes my pussy sore.

Darn it.

Clifton, there's no way, there's no way we can get clipped in a second.

Would you sit no way?

You don't, I mean you don't have your band.

You're band.

Phoenix Max, what do you think of jokes like that?

Awesome.

Wait until he gets an acrophilia.

Oh, wait.

Wait, just wait.

I don't think as long as I'm, you know, with Tony, I don't think.

He's turning your brain off and just let it happen.

We are just hired meat sacks, really.

Is that true?

Yeah, that is, isn't that great?

Well, now let's talk.

That's right.

You're talking a bunch now and you're being very thorough and thoughtful.

Yeah, but look at the opportunity I give them.

They get to come here, they get to go on these shows.

They're meeting everybody, they're meeting everybody.

Phoenix, they're meeting.

She's got acumen fan, right?

Yeah, she is.

She is.

On the way here, she was nervous and everything else.

Good.

Yeah, I'll know what he gives all that.

It's so excited.

Nobody else.

Ben, you're on House of Pies.

No, it's not what the show is called.

That's what the show is called.

So when people come to see you with songs, it's jokes.

Oh my God, it's not only that, it's songs and jokes.

We also do this, and I can't believe, we do, well, last week we had Dennis Hoff, the owner of the moonlight bunny ranch.

Oh, from Las Vegas.

Oh, right, from Las Vegas, right?

It's not from Vegas, actually.

It's from Carson City.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, but it's in Nevada there.

It's a legal brothel.

And he brought a young lady on stage, Cammy Parker, who is actually his babe, and there's a product I sell.

I don't put my name on too many things.

There's a product that we sell during an emission called the Young Shaver.

And it looks like a little, we should have that with you.

And it's a little like, it looks like a lipstick tube.

You guys don't know, but these girls are very hairy.

They're all, that's why I said that.

They're like, they look like Yeti's.

They're gorgeous, but they look, they have so much hair.

Why do you tell me guys we're gold chains?

Tony, why do you tell me guys we're gold chains?

So they know where to stop shaving.

Anyway, but anyway, how do you say you're not a comedian?

You've nailed seven jokes.

Tony, I would love to hear some of your famous rhyming.

Oh, I would love to hear it.

Okay, well, I'll tell you what.

Just give me a word.

Okay, clock.

Clock.

This, so I'm able to have the ability to take every word that rhymes with clock.

Clock.

Mock.

Dock.

Lock.

Flock.

Pack.

And they must be posing.

That's every word that rhymes with clock.

I've been jettin' to that just off the top of my fucking head.

Clock is the biggest one.

Well, that goes without saying.

Mine is the biggest cop.

What do you mean?

Oh, that's not funny.

Daddy, I got one more.

Okay.

And I've been checking them off as you've been saying.

Okay, okay.

I went and binged them all through good.

I can do it.

You binged it through good.

Another word you're going to throw.

Another one.

House.

Mousey.

That's a good one.

Mousey is good.

Give it to Richard.

Does that count?

Yes.

Mousey.

You fucking lousy bastard throwing a word in mouse my way.

Good.

I'll douse you with a, with some stouse.

Ah!

And yeah.

You hit all four of them.

You're graduating.

And it's stouses of German beer, as you know.

They used to get the Jews before they put them in the oven.

They came up with a cup.

It's so close to getting through a joke without it being.

Never.

Alright guys, well we just have time for one little feature on the show.

I think this is right up your alley though.

There's time to play a little something called, would you rather.

Oh.

It's a theme song.

What production value do you do?

Yeah, you're not the only one with the 15-piece orchestra.

You guys don't see there's an entire orchestra in here right now.

18-piece.

It keeps going up man.

It keeps going up.

The whole band is in here.

This is live.

Of course.

Yeah, we're just turning.

We brought the whole band.

We just drew a curtain back.

This is a podcast.

This is actually a Tony Bennett in Vegas once and he did that.

He sang just with a pianist.

And then all of a sudden half way through the show.

Half way through.

A curtain parts and there's an entire orchestra sitting there.

Really?

Who, who, who, even we'd take the music out.

And like how do you save that for half way through the show ?

Can I tell you something terrible?

I did a, I did a show once and I was on stage and I did an hour set.

And at the very end of the hour set you reveal that there's a huge orchestra the whole time and they were just there to go.

WAP WAP!

That'd be amazing.

That's the end of the whole.

It cost me $16 million.

I borrowed it all from Jim Carrey.

It was amazing.

Alright guys, we all know how this is played.

We all know Tony knows.

I know.

What am I thinking?

Have you ever played the game would you rather where you get?

No, I know.

Have you guys?

Yeah.

Okay.

Max, I'm familiar with it from Family Eye.

Alright, so people.

It's gonna be very similar.

What do you think you would rather scenarios on Twitter?

What do you rather do this or do that?

Yes, exactly.

So, but how we play it is I'll read the scenario out and then you ask me questions getting more and more specific about how to narrow down your choice .

You know how this goes?

You'll figure it out.

Because Family Eye's gonna go me first.

Alright, so uh, so uh, uh, Nathan Montgomery whose Twitter handle is Rusty Butterniff.

Couldn't get that E.

That last E.

Rusty Butterniff.

Nathan Montgomery from Portland Oregon.

I hope to see out at our tour in Portland, uh, Nathan.

He asks would you rather be hairless except for the palms of your hands and eyeballs?

Mm-hmm.

Or unable to digest foods ending in a vowel.

So, Tony, you have to pick one of these.

But you can ask as many questions beforehand.

So I'm gonna open the floor for questions.

Okay.

You can ask me any questions.

So, say one more time.

Yeah, would you rather be hairless except for the palms of your hands and your eyeballs?

Yeah.

Or unable to digest foods ending in a vowel.

Okay, so Ben, do you have a show Tony how it is?

How do you- I'm trying to think of what foods I eat that end in a vowel .

Probably potato pizza.

Linguine.

Any Italian.

So I have a question.

If pasta.

If pasta ends in ages, I mean I can't eat any pastas at all .

That's correct.

And in fact, any ingredient in any food.

What happens if I find a pasta that doesn't- wait a second.

What the fuck?

So if your pasta already has an A and the pasta is made up of eggs.

Marinera.

I think the more fun game is trying to think of all the vowel- All the foods that end in- And tell me what it means to have hair on your eyes.

Well, you're completely hairless.

But you have hair on your eyes?

Can you see- On your eyeballs.

Can you see?

You do not have eyelids.

So yes, you can see.

You're seeing through the thick- Can I shave the hair off of my eyelids?

Yes you can.

Does it grow back?

Every hour.

So it's actually like a shave it but it's going to grow back every hour.

Yeah, and it hurts you to shave your eyelids.

I mean this almost seems- Your shaving down your corny.

That's why you get the young pussy shaver I got.

Yeah, exactly.

It's on the right side.

This is basically a big plug for the young pussy shaver.

I appreciate that.

I think this is fun.

I think this is especially because of it.

Because I got 8,000 of those fuckers.

I'm trying to move.

8,000?

Does it have your face on it?

Yeah, it does.

So while a woman is shaving herself, she sees your face.

And it even says on it not for kids under 12, right?

Yeah, nobody under 12 should be shaving.

By the way, then I'm scared for that 13 year old.

You know what the biggest cause of pedophilia is?

What's that?

What's the biggest cause?

Sexy kids.

Okay Tony.

So he just breaks up all the time.

Cody's loving it.

The first time yeah yeah yeah.

Cody you got to catch a show.

Alright, any questions Tony?

No we got it now.

We got it now.

You're watching it?

No, we got it.

You can ask anything about it.

We got it.

That's sort of how the game is plugged in.

You guys don't have all the information.

You think it's an easy choice about the digesting food.

Right.

There's all sorts of information.

I don't like the whole hair situation.

That sounds weird.

Don't break on the palm of your hand.

You shave and it comes back every hour.

That's some jerk.

Don't they tell you that if you're jerking off, you get your head get the palm.

Yeah, you're a hair pop.

But what you guys don't know about is in the digesting foods ending in a vowel.

Your entire family is murdered in front of you.

In front of you.

For a time.

Yeah.

I should ask that question.

So is my entire family murdered in front of me if I do the digesting hand thing?

Oh, yeah, of course.

I know I'm in the hair and the digesting food.

The digesting food.

So you did just make that up?

Well, that's why you have to ask questions.

I know all the information.

What about this?

Do you find out later on that they're going to be okay?

No, and you find the killer later on and you bring him to vengeance.

Well, speaking of the family.

If it's a female body, do you know seriously, if a female body, do you know what organ in the female body stays the warmest after death?

I mean, if anybody else asked me this question, I would really think about it.

But I have a feeling that what is it?

My cock.

That's how I aided the punchline.

I aided the punchline.

I helped it out.

You did good.

Thank you so much.

I just put that question in the trash, unfortunately.

Why?

I pressed the wrong button.

I'll remember it.

Alright.

Your family gets murdered.

Yeah, your whole family gets murdered.

So I don't want my family getting murdered.

You don't want your family to get murdered.

I'm picking the food.

Yeah.

I just don't have all you playing.

You picked the food.

Fuck my family.

What a fault.

Taking the not food.

The not food, right.

Oh.

Alright, we may as well.

It seems like there's no more questions.

I've lost the original question.

Let's shut it down.

I was getting all excited about this.

Should not.

It's over.

Ben, how are you voting?

I would vote for whatever option that my family is safe is what I would do.

Because your family is very important to you.

Yes, my family is important.

So you want the hairy eyeballs.

If that would keep my family safe, yeah.

Yeah, it would.

I would take the food that has hair on it.

Oh, this has never been done before.

You're like a coconut.

Well, you've got a coconut.

There's some foods that have hair with a little one little fruit.

Coconut doesn't end in a bell.

Or like a neck to ring.

A little that has a little fur.

A little fun.

Can I tell you something real quick?

Neck to ring actually doesn't have any food.

Any food that you choose.

If you're in a Spanish language, it's going to end with an A or an O.

Oh, fuck.

That's racist.

So that means Ben, come on.

Yeah.

So what language are we talking about?

Yeah.

There's what I'm talking about.

So you're like, you're in Italy.

And Italy.

So we can't eat anything.

We literally cannot eat anything.

We started.

So we started.

Okay, so my whole family dies and so do I.

Yeah.

So what do you call Mexican chick with short legs?

I mean, I can't imagine this won't be racist.

But hit.

It's a cuts way low.

A cuts way low.

So Tony, you're picking eating hairy food.

Yes.

Okay, that's how you pick.

All right, let me tell you the points here.

Ben, unfortunately.

Okay, who wins that wrong?

Unfortunately, you pick the wrong scenarios.

I'm not bending this.

One, but.

I'm just 10.

Yeah, get that orchestra out there.

Yeah, I know.

More, more, more.

But Tony, you combined both of the ever, which has never been done before.

The hero.

You're a revolutionary.

I took the high road.

The hybrid.

You get one point for that.

But compared to his negative 10, you are the winner.

Congratulations.

Thank you very much.

That's of course how we play with you.

Yeah.

You get to hear that.

Yeah.

Oh.

Oh, oh, oh, look at the break in me.

You got to be full in.

No, this is yours.

That's all for you, Tony.

That's going to fucking fruit, man.

Yeah, man.

You're not going to make this home.

None of our guests have ever mentioned the fruit basket that I've ever gotten.

Yeah, I've never got a Coke, hairy coconut in it.

Look in the bottom.

Look in the bottom of the basket.

You see what's in the bottom of the basket?

Ah, you son of a bitch.

It's a hooker.

Take it from my show.

It's a hooker.

Oh, it's his horse.

Oh, damn.

You guys think everything.

All right, guys, we just have the last thing to do.

And that is, of course, to open up the old plug bag.

Whoa.

Oh, this is a public service announcement.

Please.

People only have some dates to talk.

This is seven minutes long.

I'm probably going to stay in LA, so.

It's got...

Come on, Scott.

This is not as long as it is.

I like it.

All right, well, thank you so much.

That was Plug Life by Lucas Brehm or Brehm.

Not sure how to pronounce that.

But Lucas, thank you so much.

If you have an appropriate plugs theme that you'd like to send in, please go to earwolf.com over to the Comedy Bang Bang threads and the message boards .

And we will play your song and you can be famous for a week .

And Lucas, you are famous for this week and this week only, and you will never be famous after that.

So it's time for plugs.

What do you guys got?

Ben, what are you plugging?

Ah, mama, mama, mama.

What can I plug?

How's the pies?

Oh, yeah, I'm going to do DVD commentary for my TV show with Don Cheadle and Kristen Bell House allies.

Buy the DVD, buy the Parks and Rec DVDs, and then I think I 'm going to Comic-Con to promote House allies.

If you see Ben at Comic-Con, stop him.

Yeah, I can say hi.

Really?

You can say hi, I don't mind.

Oh, is that a mistake?

That is making huge mistakes.

I'm very nice.

You're very nice.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And the fans, they're nice.

They're not...

I've been very fortunate.

The shows I'm on have cool fans, so everybody's been very cool.

So I do that, and then go to Reject2Jokes.com, follow me on Twitter or Reject2Jokes.

I like your books.

Yeah, I have a bunch of books by my books.

Alright, Phoenix, what do you got to plug?

Anything?

That's Tony Clifton's show.

Yeah, do it.

Every Thursday, Friday at the Comedy Store.

Alright, I feel like you're stealing Tony's plug here.

Okay.

I'll plug TonyClifton.net.

TonyClifton.net, just right?

Tony Clifton.net, just so you'll see, because not only the store we go travel around the country and different drugs.

Okay.

Matter of fact, just two weeks ago, I opened for Flaming L ips.

Oh, wow.

Where was that?

Hangout Music Festival in Golf Shore.

That's crazy.

That's awesome.

Yeah, yeah, 45,000 people.

We in coin is sort of the Tony Clifton of music.

Well, you know what?

It was weird, because I didn't know much about them, and then I met the guys, and they were shake.

They were like big fans, you know?

That's awesome.

I'm going, wow.

So it was cool.

Oh, that's great.

Alright, Max and Max, what do you like to plug?

Magic, coming up.

Got to come see the dancing.

I worked my ass off.

Oh.

And you were the choreographer.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

That's great.

Please come see me.

Where did you learn your trade?

Well, I've been a dancer for the past 20 years.

Nice.

I'm a dancer for the last time.

The world's dead.
