One of my oldest friends, Andy Kindler, comedian extraord inaire, a comedian's comedian they call him.

He is here for the entire program plus a very special guest , Academy Award-winning actress Gwyneth Paltrow is on the show this week. All of that plus music from Loudon Wayne Wright the third.

You are going to love these songs that he is about to play.

All of that and more, all on today's!

♪♪♪ When your dog dies on a Monday morning, there aren't many other places you can take him.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. That one hurt. That one hurt.

Thanks for that catchphrase, Leland Rodriguez. I appreciate that. If you have a catch phrase, go head on over and get, you know what to do.

Hey, welcome to the show. I'm Scott Ockermann and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. It's another week, another fine Monday. Thank you so much for joining us.

Thank you so much if you've been watching the TV show and you found us from the TV show, you wondered, hey, what is Comedy Bang Bang and you entered it in, I don't know, intelligent tunes or some other... Hey, browser of some type. Hey, you know what to do, I think it should be the catchphrase. You know what to do. If you went to computer.com and then just entered it and found your way over here, thanks so much. Been having a great time on the TV show this last week was Michael Sarah and Paul of Tompkins Cake Boss. Thanks for watching.

Thanks for all your kind words and having fun doing it.

Please watch it every Friday.

And if you are new to the show and have come to it from the TV show, basically what we do here is we... I talk to wonderful people and we have three of them here today and we just we chat. It's a little more long form. It's not like the TV show and in the sense of we do more bits on the TV show.

This is just more of a chat show where I just talk to celebrities and we have a great show today.

A little later Gwyneth Paltrow will be here which is really exciting for me. I'm a big fan of her husband and maybe one or two of her roles and also we'll be talking here in a second to Loud and Wayne Wright the third but I want to introduce my main man.

Yes, also available for any kind of sidekick work. And my sidekick for the... I was going to jump in so many times. I was going to do our Robin Williams you're right from the beginning. Andy Kindler is here. How are you? Very well, very well. Okay, that's not... I should be... I should never chime in with anything that's straight, right? Just go right to the jokes. Very well. Very well.

That's kind of funny. I bought a lot of bits. Well, it doesn't matter whether it's funny or not. I know it's the way I say it. It's funny.

People say funny things. Funny things. Funny people say things. You are a true cadence comedian where nothing you say really ever makes sense. Right. I'm like a Erwin Corey if that's still a reference. I'm like Edwin Newman. I'm very grammatically correct. See neither of those are references anymore. Whoever remembered them, the last living person to remember them is passed on.

Arlie and Francis? How about her? Arlie, Francis is still trying. I know he would write before the program. Let me introduce the person who just chimed in as well. Andy, you're with me all. I'm not going anywhere. I'm here emotionally and psychological. It is my great pleasure to welcome to the show Mr. Loud and Wayne Wright the third. How are you? I'm good. I'm good. It's the oldest one in this room and I'm fine. And you're fine with that? Really? I be raising a ruckus if I was the oldest person in a room.

Oh, I have. You're okay. You know you're older than me. How do you know you're older than me?

Because now we start to do it and then it's just depressing for all the youngsters. Why would I listen to anyone over 40? Andy, until you just said that no one knew that you were over 40. Really? This is a podcast. They knew you were incredibly Jewish, but they had no idea that you were over 40. Yeah, just put incredibly Jewish.

Other than from your references as well. We'll tell my Wikipedia page, unfortunately.

Mr. Wayne Wright, thank you so much for joining us today.

You were, we talked about this a couple of weeks ago. You were scheduled to be here a couple of weeks ago, but there was a minor snafu, but I'm so screwed up. I fucked up. No problem.

Sorry about that. How do you make the guests feel bad? I do that by making them feel guilty. Andy , I felt like I needed to address it because on that show two weeks ago, we mentioned that we thought you might be coming. But then we got word in the middle of the show. So I just wanted to address it and move on. I'm so old that I forgot. I was supposed to be here. I literally did. And he, you're supposed to be at the comedy bang bang. And I was on my way somewhere else. And I missed it. But what's fantastic about this is you were a man of your word. You said, I want to make this right. How do I make this right?

You called me up and you were just very, you were pleading with me. How do I make this right?

Yeah. And you said you have to come and do it on another day. Wow. It was pretty easy. You love the ante, Scott, but you did. So we're going to be hearing songs from you the entire hour, which is our great pleasure to do so. And a lot of these, I 'm assuming would be songs from your new record. You have a new record called Older Than My Old Man Now. Older Than My Old Man Now.

Right. Which just came out a... Came out in April. April.

It's kind of newish.

Fantastic record. It's, what is the title sort of referred to? Well, the actual fact that I that I've outlived my father. He died at 63. And oh, I'm going to, people are going to now know how old I am. So when I turned 64, I thought, hmm, there's an album concept. And most of the songs are about Death and Decay. Fantastic. It's my favorite topic. We'll be hearing some of those.

Did the executive say to you, look, I love what you're doing. Can you take out the Death and Decay and add Vim and vigor? So this just came out and you're one of America's great songwriters.

Let's tell people a little bit about you. You've been a singer-songwriter for, according to the title of your box set, 40, your box set is 40 odd years. So about 40 years, over 40 years now. And that's a great box set, by the way, if anyone wants to get it.

It spans your entire career from beginning to before this new record.

From the beginning to almost the end, I would have to say, if you did some math.

Yeah, no, it's going to be one of those box sets that excludes your last couple of records.

Yeah, it's good. It's good. And it's this DVD on it too.

Right. And so you can see me when I was really young and hot.

Also, you can get a senior discount on your own CD.

Did they give CD ads? No, they don't. I don't think so.

And Judd Apatow does the intro in it, I know. And how do you know Judd?

A lot of people who listen to this show are big comedy fans .

And they would know you as an actor as well, especially, I think, from the show Undeclared, in which you played the lead character's father.

I remember that now, Father, the guy who showed up at the kids college.

You were always hanging out at the college because you just underwent a divorce and you were kind of searching to find yourself. And so you found yourself hanging out with college kids everywhere. Yeah, that was the concept. It's based actually on Judd's father.

Really? He told me. I mean, I don't know that his father actually did that, but that some of the dysfunctional aspects of the character come from his dad.

He grew up in Long Island and he saw me performing on the, you remember the first incarnation of the David Letterman show was it was the morning show?

The morning show. Right. And the original concept was I was the sidekick, sidekick, musical guests.

So the whole first week I was on that show. And then they thought, this isn't working.

They got Paul Shaver and made people stay up late. But Judd saw that show and he was about 14. And he thought I was funny and liked it. And so he became a fan of mine and would go into New York and see me play at the bottom line and various other places.

And then when he got to powerful, he had this show called on the Clarity. I had never seen, he had done freaks and geeks before, which I hadn't seen. I 've never seen man men and I've never seen, I had never seen. We were talking about mad men before the show.

But I hadn't seen freaks and geeks. Anyway, so he said, they said, would you be interested in reading for this role of the father? And then I watched fre aks and geeks and realized how great that was. So I said, yeah. And we did undeclared, which was canceled before we finished the whole season. But it was great. And then it's a classic show now.

I know IFC has been running it and I've been catching up on it. I watched it all when it was out there, but people can get it on DVD as well. And it really is a great show and you're so funny on it. Thank you.

Jared Grody is on it. Jared Grody, yes. A friend of mine.

Very funny. And I just make sure that people don't think that you were the cause of the morning show being canceled. The whole show was canceled after a couple of weeks, right? I think so.

Yeah, because they moved the letter mint in. They just wasn't working as a morning show. Well, what they consider, I wanted to show them a morning and I was trying to be funny. And they said, they came up to me and said, we did studies and we found out people don't like to laugh in the morning. So they do have an image of what they think the morning is and probably it wasn't David Letterman. People's mornings must be terrible. No, I can't laugh until I've had a cup of coffee and read the paper.

Until after my lunch. So, and you're doing some live dates around the country as well. And this new album is fantastic. It's really interesting and poignant as well as funny. That's the other thing that you're a really clever and insightful lyricist and you have lyrics that are both funny and poignant. And so, you know, I think comedy fans who like poignant. Yeah, that's a narrow focus right there. Are you a comedy fan? Do you like poignancy?

The album has a lot of guests on it too.

Oh, really? Yeah, including all my four of my kids are on it. My four children are on it.

And your four children are all musicians and three of them are the last the youngest is a college student. Oh, okay. But she could be a musician too. And your children are Rufus Wainwright, Martha Wainwright and my daughter Lucy who's this singer. Right.

And then we have Ramblin Jack Elliot. Do we know who that is? Absolutely. Yes. My great hero, Rambl in Jack Elliot, a great singer called Chris Smithers on it. Suzzy Roach is on it. And Dame Edna Average, Barry Humphreys is on it.

We do a song called I Remember Sex. As Dame Edna. As Dame Edna. Oh, interesting. And that is hilarious. Did not need to dress up though that day, right?

But I asked him to just say...

I would appreciate it when the people dress up as the thing . Tony Clifton came last week as Tony Clifton. It was... I'd be so frightened that something would happen. Yeah, I was. Yeah, the board would go out the window. I was, but nothing happened. Wow. It was fun. So, Mr. Wainwright, you're going to be playing some songs for us all the entire program. I really appreciate it. It's great to have you here.

And people should go out and what's the title of the record again? Older than my old man now.

Older than my old man now, available. Just go to computer.

com, I would imagine. And look it up there. Yeah. If you're going to find out where to get it, if you're going to be in it, just please use Google. That's because Google's one of our sponsors. So , if you're going to be... Did he going to bang it? Yeah. He went to bang it. He went to bang something up online. Nobody bangs it. Yeah, they did. I hope they use Google when they do. They just closed. Bang. All right. Thank you so much. We'll be hearing some songs from you a little later.

Thank you. Andy, I turned my attention to you, sir. Wow. I can't even believe it. Do you think that I was too much all over that interview?

I... Well, that's what a good co-host does is he backs me up and asks the salient questions.

If I knew what that word meant, believe me. I would have a salient point in return. Now, look, I want to say something, right? Yeah. Okay. Say something to me. Okay. Because I have this little voice inside my head. Okay. The last... How many years have I been alive? I forget that.

Same. Am I doing okay? What am I doing? It's a Mark Marin.

Am I okay? Are we okay? Are we good?

Are we good? No, good. So, I want you to maybe cure me of that. I've got to get out of that now.

Yes. You have to because it's... How was that remark about it? Was that good?

I love your famous catchphrase, by the way. A lot of people don't know it. Your comedy catch phrase. No good? No good? Give us an example of when that's used. Oh, okay. So, that's my opening joke.

No good? No good? No? No good? Yeah. Actually, my catch phrase for many years was, that's not my coffee, Eileen. I don't think so. I'll try the tea. A lot of tea-based humor in your...

That's my problem is I can never switch the second example.

My friend Josh Weinstein pointed out that I have a joke about when I do that DJ voice about the 70 DJs who never were funny, but they had the rhythm of comedians. You say when I do that joke, as if we 're all supposed to know. Everyone knows.

Scott, everybody knows. Right now everyone's like, yes.

Maybe give us a little... No, no, the joke is that DJ's in the 70s. They always... I've done this a million times. They sound like comedians, but then they never had jokes. It was like, that was Arles Smith. Janie's got a gun. Watch out, everybody. Janie's walking around with some kind of a fire on. And then I would do a second example, which was, yeah, that was Arles Smith. Dude looks like a lady watching out, fellows, is a dude walking around. I might have some kind of a dresser. And Josh point out I'm the only comedian in the world who wouldn't change the second example to a different band.

Why? I'm already... It's very...

I'm already in the Arles Smith zone. Yes, it's too much exertion to think of something else. I'm too busy not working on my material. Too busy moving on mentally.

Moving on mentally to the next thing that will also be an incomplete thought. Andy, it's been a while since you've been on the show.

I've been trying to get you back. It's been very hard. I'm so busy. So busy, Scott. I know.

So busy because I do a lot of work now with the recurring character Hall of Fame, because that's where I'm going to end up when I retire. And so we're adding wings on now to the Hall of Fame. Your career took off. And then went down.

What's it called when it goes down?

It takes up? Is it crashing? I don't know. That was uncomfortable laugh from Scott.

That was like, those are close to the bones.

Those are close to the bones. By the way, I told you you sweat.

I am much younger than Loud and Wayne Wright III.

Yeah. No, it is the third, right? It is the third.

Yeah. Okay. I mean, today is the third. This is the kind of banter that people love about it.

Oh, boy. I'm feverish. Can I lie down? I feel like crashing again. Can I lie down on your crotch?

I don't think I've ever heard you. That was my... That's how I picked up my wife.

First date with Susan, I'm tired. May I lie down on your crotch?

Now you carry a microphone around you so that you can cover it for your punchlines.

Yes. On your crotch.

Are you... I still have a Mr. Microphone. Is that a reference?

I think it is a reference yet.

But I carried around. Let's get the reference in here.

You did a lot of when you first started a lot of the sound effects comedy.

Oh, I loved it.

The guy in the drive through.

Oh, I can't think of it, please.

When you went on the plane, when you flew the plane later that day, what would the pilot tell you?

Oh, we're putting on the sound.

We're just gonna go right over here, blast time.

I'm instantly laughing. I don't even care what it is. All I hear is...

And it's...

And why is it that way? It can't.

Does it make you feel safe when you're on a plane?

Well, two things bothered me when I'm on a plane. A lot of comics won't do airplane humor.

No, they're afraid of it.

They're afraid of it.

They're afraid of it because it's so divisive.

When you're on a plane, do we really need to have no smoking signs?

Is there anybody...

Anyone who doesn't get it at this point?

We should want to have no campfires.

No hunting, no diving.

No, it doesn't make you feel no diving.

That's pretty good.

Does it make you feel...

Oh, one of them was pretty good.

Does it make you feel good that the guy on the Andrew Combs still sounds terrible?

Couldn't that be improved at this point?

There's got to be some way to...

Like some sort of satellite hookup?

Yeah, or anything that would be at this point, that would be a clear way to broadcast a voice.

Well, maybe they don't need to address that issue.

You know, their lines are in trouble.

What do you...

The district deterrent...

What do you now be?

What's it called when you're the other way?

What do you...

Out of the prosecutor?

The district attorney?

No, the voice is the defamation.

I hate to play devil's advocate.

Devil's advocate.

I went to a district attorney because I remember the D and the A.

No, you just got to remember Keanu Reeves and Al Pacino.

Really?

Yeah, devil's advocate.

Great movie.

Classic movie.

Probably Al Pacino's best.

Oh, whoa!

Is he doing whoa, Matt?

He did whoa several times in that.

Is that really a good one?

Devil's advocate?

Yeah, it's great.

He did Son of a Woman where he did whoa.

And then it became a famous catchphrase.

So he would put it...

He would just pepper it in to other movies.

And then cut to his Adam Sandler's girlfriend in the late ...

I can't make fun of that though.

I can't make fun of that.

No, please don't.

No, I don't make fun of Camines anymore.

Although I'm very happy, Scott.

Have you been watching the newsroom?

I have. I watched it the other day.

I watched the first episode.

I was very happy that now when you say someone's...

When you refer to someone as being Leno, we all agree that means...

And you were at the front of that show?

I was an early adopter to say that when somebody said, Oh, you're going to Leno it now?

That means that you would do anything to win, include selling your soul and that you appeal to the lowest comedy.

And I'm here.

You've for a long time since 1993, I think you were out there leading the charge and just saying, Come on.

Well, he...

Because I don't know that I agree with it.

Well, I want to hear your point of view.

I know you don't because you think that Leno's going to be on Bang Bang one day.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.

Who do you guys do?

It's the...

What are these characters?

You see?

You...

You just go, just write jokes.

Just write jokes.

That's the idea.

Just ask them over to me.

Ten dollars a pop.

No, I always weigh back the...

See, because I think that Leno is a classic tragedy character, like in the old Greek...

Like, uh, Oedipus or like...

Yeah.

King Lear.

You don't have to give example.

I think people know.

Like Aerosmith or like Aerosmith.

Talking and speaking of Aerosmith, thank you for leading me into my Aerosmith bit.

Okay.

I was reading in like, we went like a thing, like a Vegas thing.

Like a thing?

Right.

Yeah.

Rock and roll fantasy camp.

And with...

And Steven Tyler, you get to meet Steven Tyler.

Sure.

So the first part of the fantasy is you have to pretend it 's 1979.

And you're excited that you're...

Steven Tyler is there.

Good chunk.

And then my bit, then I have...

How about Rock and Roll Reality Camp?

Uh huh.

Get there.

You break up with the bass player.

So half the members are on Coke.

And then everyone illegally downloads your music.

Rock and roll reality camp.

I enjoy being here during the creation of this bit.

Because this is obviously not a polished bit at all.

Absolutely.

This is the thing.

The way you stumbled during it.

So clearly, this is the way the audience reacts to every single one of my bits, which never does develop to the nailed stage.

But that's exactly like, oh he's fumbling around.

Hopefully, the premise will be slightly funnier.

I think the next time we see him, this will be good.

I never work on them.

I drop on the face.

I think well, it was gold.

People didn't get it.

First of all, the biggest thing.

I can't remember where I read it.

But do I have to say where I read it?

Should I do what you always do?

Like in your act?

Over-explaining.

No, you pretend it just happened.

Oh, I was just on the way to the bank today.

And have you noticed the ATMs?

Mavis wants me to go to the bank.

I can't help.

Mavis said, look, I don't understand why they were all so upset me.

I just say, well, what did I say to him?

Yeah.

Andy, people would know you...

That was a laugh like you were sick of me.

Ah.

All right. I'm sorry. People would know me.

Disparaging.

Yeah.

People would know you recently, your most recent credit is ...

Is last comic sanding?

I don't know.

What do people know you from?

What do you... what has happened to you?

What kind of a host does that?

Andy, what do people recognize you?

What's your most recent credit?

Evening of the improv?

What do you got?

What do you got? What do you got?

Celebration, the Clark's bicentennial celebration.

What do you got?

Know you from.

Maybe just I don't know you.

Maybe they know you're in your regular life.

They're... if you're a family member, did they know you that way?

Are you kidding me?

I am so...

My schedule is stocked with...

What do you got?

I was a recurring character on the Wizards of Waverly Place .

Wizards of Waverly Place.

Waverly Place.

And the kids enjoy me when they see me.

Oh, you're from that show, yes I am.

So the kids would know you from that.

The adults would know you from everybody who loves Raymond.

I've also appeared on the David Letterman program.

Yes.

And you're a regular on that, which is fascinating.

I'm turning defensive now.

I...

Wait, I'm a voice on Bob's Burgers, Scott.

Oh!

Have we?

No shame.

I've been so far.

Oh, you went the other way.

Yeah.

Do you have no choice?

Why can't I remember my current credit?

Because you got me all flustered that I have nothing going on.

So you're...

Clubs and colleges.

We've mentioned clubs and colleges.

Clubs and colleges, of course.

What character do you do on Bob's Burgers?

Do you listen to the show?

Or watch the show?

I just listen to it.

I hate animation, but I love the voices.

I wish they would just film it.

Oh!

Oh, your heart!

How are you all right?

No, I hyperventilate sometimes, because I can't stop with the drugs.

No.

That's a...

A krasnic impression of Jerry Lewis.

Now look.

All right.

What was the question again?

I don't know.

No, something about...

Bob's Burgers, who do you play?

Oh, Mort the Mortician.

The Mort.

He runs the mortuary next door, the burger.

And his name is Mort.

His name is Mort.

Is anyone pointed that out to him?

Isn't there a way of asking me without pretending or acting as if you have no...

You've never heard...

You have watched the show, correct?

I have watched the show, in fact, cool up.

Well, I'm a recurring character.

You have to watch 13 episodes to catch me on 6.

No thanks.

So...

So you're new in your face character, right?

Hello, yeah.

Tell me why I should be excited about your career.

Tell me.

I've decided to segue into a shocking disc jockey.

Okay.

Type personality.

A shocking disc jockey.

I like that.

You're like, I miss without the racism.

No, I'll throw some of that in.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Oh, what are the blacks want now?

I'll write some premises for you.

Come on, come on, come on.

That's not good.

I don't like that.

What's up with the Asians?

Come on, come on.

I know what's up with the Asians.

Yeah.

Why don't they work on their driving?

I married one.

Well, that's...

I agree with that.

I like you.

You're the...

You go in and out of the racism.

So people, but last comic standing, you were a judge.

I was a judge.

And I tell you, I've been trying to have you on since you were on that.

And your career took off to the...

You're constantly touring.

You're out there.

Like people know it.

People know the brand now.

Have you switched now to sarcastic interviewer?

I may.

Now Andy, since last comic standing, I can't even get you in here to talk about it.

No, I mean, but it is true.

I did tour.

There was a brief flurry of touring after that.

And even my money went up.

People are like, maybe he'll draw.

Then nobody...

It's very hard to draw.

It's hard to draw these things.

By the way, come see Comedy Bang Bang Live doing it to work .

Well, you guys do.

You guys do fantastically.

Oh yeah, no.

I mean...

When you have what I have going on, you don't need this.

You don't even need this.

I'm surprised that you yourself are doing your own radio show now.

Is it a radio show?

It's a podcast.

I don't know.

It's one of those.

I appreciate that.

I wonder myself why I do it.

You don't really...

Well, the good thing is that you're not here emotionally at all.

I've checked out.

And you were actually reading during the...

You're tweeting during the interview.

Is this going out live now?

It never goes out live.

This is what steams me about the what you people have done to my beloved radio format.

Oh, you love morning radio.

I used to love it where you go with constant commercials.

You know, commercials every four minutes.

What do those commercials sound like, by the way?

Do you have an impression of those?

You'll have...

Have you been injured in an accident?

Have you not been injured in an accident?

But you'd like to say you were injured in an accident.

You could win $1 million.

Do you have...

Did you drive drunk?

Slightly.

Do you drive drunk?

Well, why shouldn't you?

No.

But when you do, call me 1-800-I-SHUT-IN-THE-DRIVE-DRUNK.

I shouldn't have DRIVE DRUNK.

And 1-800-I'm still drunk from now.

By the way, thank you for trying out your radio.

Oh, that at least was well prepared.

Yeah, what is up with these...

I don't mind TV.

It's the commercials that bother me.

Oh, boy.

What is up with the species spicy meatball?

He can't believe I ate the whole thing.

Yeah, where is the beef?

I want to know, do cock-ass.

So give people...

You left with such joy there.

The out of touch quality of that bit was so close to how you actually...

I know, it's what I actually enjoy in code.

Give people a sense, if you haven't already, and I pray that you haven't, of what people should expect if they go see Andy Kindler live.

Here's my thing now.

When you see me live, I'm taking comedy, not to the next level, but I'm taking comedy to another area of the same level.

And what I do is...

So just moving...

I'm just moving...

Or not only.

I'm moving the bars.

What is it?

When you move the...

I'm moving the flag.

You're extending the perimeter.

I'm extending the perimeter.

I'm my Canadian football.

I'm a Canadian comedy to the regular comedy.

So what happens then?

My field of joke is longer.

Okay.

You're doing exactly the same thing.

But I make it longer.

Okay.

I spray it out, and I'm not even saying I get the same laugh.

I get probably less of a laugh, spray it out of a longer period.

I'm not sure you amortize it.

Yeah, and this way, a lot of people feel like, what if I laugh, I have a heart condition, will I have a problem?

Sure.

Not when you see me.

Not to worry.

But also, I have just perfected the stick construction.

They're going to write...

After I die, if I die soon in a tragic way, I think I can get some...

Some press.

I asked my PR person, what if I died immediately, like tomorrow, like from some kind of...

And they said, she said any press is a good press.

So...

No, I deconstruct like a mad man.

I have to do the joke.

I go into the joke.

I ask you...

You're like a pen and teller of comedians who are like you show how the bread was made.

The one...

You mean where the one guy's nice, and the other guy is an angry, hideous, angry atheist who went on celebrity.

No, I...

I'm sorry.

I personally don't...

You don't subscribe to that?

No, no.

Yeah.

The one guy was happy...

The one guy was happy to go to the racist Donald Trump and kiss his ring.

Is that...

That's not what you meant by that.

No, no, no.

I mean, no.

I mean, you can say that.

I'm not into the angry atheism and it makes me angry.

Really?

Because talk about your faith.

I believe that there's something going on, right?

I don't believe...

And that's why I can't stand Bill Moore.

And people...

People prepare right now to turn your radios up, because it's not like I have anything...

Turn them up, up, turn your pods down, and your cats up.

Are you ready to turn your pods down, your cats up?

Let's get those...

The cathode's working.

Get those cathode right, because I'm going to annoy you and I don't have a funny point to it either.

Okay, good.

But the point is, people like Bill Moore drive me nuts and Christopher Hitchens when he was still alive.

They drive me nuts.

The whole idea that they think...

He's a friend of the show.

He's been on the show.

Christopher Hitchens?

Yeah.

Sorry.

I appreciate it.

I feel bad.

Go ahead.

He's passed away.

Yeah, but before he passed away.

And since he passed away, actually...

His ghost came.

Well, okay, friend of the show.

What is that?

What if a Hitler come on?

Will he be a friend of the show?

Yes, he would.

Okay.

Because he's...

He's devoted his time.

Friend of the show, Adolf Hitler.

After a minute...

What if you were like, uh, like, a interviewer and you did have on people like that because you were just...

That was probably your job.

Yeah, I had...

Friend of the show.

Yeah.

Melosevic.

Friend of the show.

That's like whoever has interviewed Osama Bin Laden, you know, like...

Friend of the show.

The nightly news.

Friend of the show.

I love that so much.

No, the point is that...

Look, I know that there are people who believe the Bible literally, but they're basically atheist.

The only people who take the Bible literally are atheists and fundamentalists.

Those are the only people he's arguing with.

Rather than whatever percentage of people actually have even read a Bible.

So, Bill Maher thinks that anybody who has any kind of spirituality is the believes of the Bible.

And that is so ridiculous.

I don't exactly know what's going on, but I feel as a spiritual component to the universe.

Because I've got high a couple of times in college and something good happened to me.

Bill Maher got high and he got very hungry and mean.

So, he thinks that that's what getting high is.

And it just drives me nuts.

I just hate that they think that they're superior or that they're more even scientific because they don't believe in God.

As if that's a...

They based that on facts.

When they don't even know what...

Right about this not being funny.

What's that?

No!

Oh, but here's the joke.

Have you ever noticed...

Great structure.

An agnostic.

An atheist.

And a Jew going a bar.

Have I ever noticed them going into a bar?

Have you ever noticed...

No.

Have you ever noticed how observational comedians ask you if you've noticed things?

Ha ha ha.

That's good.

Stop patronizing me!

Andy, I don't know if there's like a...

A way to end this.

An old man up in the clouds with a big white beard.

But I...

You're leaning right into my bit.

You've heard...

I said that I hope for atheists' sake that there is a guy in the old man in the white beard.

Sitting in the clouds?

Yeah, so then when he gets up there, he'll say to them, surprise, hot shot.

Yeah, I am an old man in the clouds.

Go right down to hell.

Which would be listening to Bill Maher laugh at his own jokes forever.

I don't agree with that.

Is he afraid of the show?

He's afraid of the show.

He's not afraid of...

I hope to get him on the show at some point.

Do you think people are going to stop booking me on...

Just because they don't want to be around my negativity?

Yeah, you said you were not going to be making fun of comedians anymore.

And then all of a sudden you launch into...

Let me just tell you something.

What I think is...

Yes.

I may not agree with Bill Maher, but I admire what he's doing.

All right, Andy, you're going to be here all show with us.

Is that correct?

I'm not going anywhere.

How long is the show, though?

Already.

Okay, why don't we go to a song?

Mr. Wainwright, can you come up?

Come back to the mic.

Okay, I'm back at the mic now.

See you at the mic.

Microphone technology.

What will be your first song with us today?

I'm going to play a crazy little thing from...

... older than my old man now.

My new album is called Double Lifetime.

Double Lifetime.

Yeah.

Anything you want to say about it before we hear it or...

I think...

Will it speak for itself?

It's self-explanatory.

Great.

All right.

Here we go.

I want a double...

Ah!

I don't know.

That's it.

Oh, let's keep that in.

It's a real moment.

Here we go.

Let's keep it.

Keep it.

I want a double lifetime.

I want to start over.

One lifetimes not enough.

I need another 65 years on practice run.

Practice makes perfect.

I'm about half done.

I want a double lifetime.

I don't want to stop in three score and 10.

Just in and nothing.

Feels like I finally got it all figured out.

I'm almost free from the shame and the doubt.

I want a double lifetime.

Yeah.

Like more time, that's what I need.

I can make my move.

I can do the deed.

I know I'm greedy.

What do I care for the afterlife?

I don't want to go there.

I want a double lifetime, man.

I deserve it.

I want a so bad I even got the nerve.

It's going to take to get down on my bendy knees.

They can pray and say, pretty please give me a double lifetime.

All right, model.

Pick it up.

Make my double.

I can do this sitting down.

It's hitting.

It's against one.

I want a double lifetime.

I wasted my first one, the first time around.

That's always the worst one.

You don't know what you're doing and you just can't wait.

You go ahead and do it and then it's too late.

You need a double lifetime.

I let a double life in public and private.

I won't leave again.

I'm not going to deny it.

I'm just like you.

It's true, you know.

Ask yourselves.

Are you ready to go?

You want a double lifetime?

Yeah, a little more time because you know I never want to keep living forever and ever.

I know it sounds funny and the truth beats over.

120 don't seem that old.

I want a double lifetime.

I'm not going to get it, but if America will happen, you know I'm going to let it if I eat enough yogurt.

Maybe I might and the second time around I'm going to get it right.

Give me a double lifetime.

I'm going to get it right.

Delightful.

We will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we are back with Andy Kinler and loud and Wayne right the third.

Ah, you said the name wrong.

Ah, you want to go back now?

Do you go back now or is everything Lucy Goose?

Goosey and Lucy.

As goosey as they can get.

We have a very special guest there.

Are you excited, Andy?

You know what?

If I wasn't excited, I would still say I was.

I'm very excited about it.

How many know what it is?

Could be a friend of the show.

It's friend of the show now.

Sure.

Yeah.

She's here.

She is an Oscar winning actress, mother, wife, website entrepreneur, cookbook author, recording artist and Knight.

I'm not sure if that's a Knight.

Okay, but Gwyneth Paltrow is here with us.

It's such an honor for you that I'm on your show.

Hey, you're so welcome, Scott.

Sir Scott, I assume you're also a Knight.

Are you really, you're a Knight?

I didn't.

I have been Knighted several times.

It's hard to not get through a day without someone wanting to come up to me and Knight me.

So.

Andy, are you a Knight?

I got Knighted once in the army in the stomach.

Oh, God.

That was based on a Knighted joke.

I'm very sorry about that.

No, I'm not Knighted.

Are you a comedian?

Wait, hold on.

Hold on.

I like, because I want to do what you do.

I like Wayne Knight.

I want to deconstruct exactly what you were thinking when you said that.

Okay.

So you thought Knighted sounded like Knifed.

Yeah.

And so then you said it?

Well, here's the thing.

Saying that you were from the Navy or something like that is always a go thing.

If you'd say you did something once in the Navy, that's hilarious.

Okay, that's good.

Are you a comedian?

I can't believe that I'm so nervous because I'm such a huge fan of Maroon 5 and her husband, right?

Adam Shankin?

He's actually Chris Martin and he's Coldplay.

Coldplay?

Oh, I love him too.

Very similar styles.

I can get you an autograph from Maroon 5 though.

They spend the night all the time.

We have slumber parties.

It sounds like I just don't know what to do because I'm just so nerfed.

I mean, it's like being near my eye.

It's like being near a celebrity.

It's like being in proximity of a celebrity.

You know what?

I'm just like you.

I wake up every morning and I have my servants put my pants on one leg at a time just like you.

Do you have the same sexual dysfunction problems I have?

Oh, I'm sorry.

Probably not.

But I am also a comedian just like you.

Wow.

Are you a comedian, Gwynnes?

Well, it's something that I've been dabbling in.

And I just recently opened up for the London Symphony Orchestra and I killed it.

Wow.

So they had a Canadian open up for them.

It was amazing.

If you need to hook up in London, I can get you in the door if you want to open for me.

I would love to.

I would like to set a nice table for you and let you not get home with your observational comment.

Yeah, what do you do?

What do you do?

Well, I can just give you a little snippet.

So how are all you common folk doing?

That's what people in England love to be called.

Common folk.

Rattle your jewelry.

That's what John Lennon said when he performed for The Queen.

Sure.

50 years ago.

Why did the organic chicken cross the road?

Because it's free range.

That's not bad.

Oh, because the chicken has the ability in a free range situation to actually wander around.

So it's true.

It's true.

That joke is true.

It's organic and it's pro chicken.

And it's hilarious.

What's the difference between a plebien and a patrician?

A plebien and a patrician?

A patrician?

Right.

Yeah.

What is the difference?

A pair of nice sandals.

That's what I'm saying.

I would call this niche comedy, but still for a certain group of people.

Look, I'm, if you notice, I'm a little uncomfortable.

It's these acupuncture needles that are sticking out of my body.

I don't want to say anything, but you look sort of like Hellraiser.

Right.

What exactly is happening?

I'm really sorry.

I had sort of a conflict in my schedule.

I had to kind of book this along with my acupuncture.

I need to get my chia line.

So that's what's happening right now.

Your chia?

My chia petalined.

Yeah.

What is it though?

The Drew Barrymore, you have that kind of, what is that accent that you guys have?

It sounds like from the valley or what is it?

It is.

My accent is from the upper class.

Oh, that's what that is.

But kind of, it's a relaxed upper class accent.

Yeah.

I've never heard in upper class.

It's a relaxed, just like you accent.

Okay.

How's your website?

You have a website too, don't you?

Yeah, well, tell us.

Talk about your website.

What do you do?

You tell people what to do or something?

You guys, this website is just what you're looking for.

What is the website, first of all?

How do you find it?

Do you go to computer.com first?

You go to computer.com.

Okay, good.

What is, is that a real thing?

Yeah, that's how you, you got a computer.com.

That's how you, you surf the web.

That's your entry point, to surf the web.

You go to goop, it's goop.com.

Oh, goop is the name of the thing.

That's the name of my website.

I run it and I give you great advice, just like everyday stuff, you know, just like if you're having Mario, Batali over for dinner, what do you serve him?

You know, if you're recording your part.

His own food is what I would do.

That's a great idea.

You know what I mean?

Like shove it back in his face.

Like, you know, are you like this?

Are you tired of it?

Because we are, like that?

No, exactly.

That's actually, I'm joking, because I enjoy his food in case.

Oh, friend of the show, then.

Yeah, friend of the show.

Maybe you'd like to come over to my place in London for dinner.

Are you really inviting me, or is this one of these show business things?

Absolutely.

We'd love for you to come over.

I'm going to serve some swordfish tartine with some Himalayan salt on the side.

And we will get a rowdy.

Now will your husband Eddie better be there?

He will not be there because he is not my husband.

Oh, I get it.

Who is your husband?

His name is Chris Martin Coldplay.

His last name is Coldplay?

Name one other person in Coldplay, besides your husband.

They are all flavians.

So he just uses the common folk?

Is that what he does?

He is, they're like basically wallpaper to him.

Because he is so brilliant, and no one can hold a candle.

Chris Coldplay Martin.

That's his name.

That's his nickname.

How many people are in Maroon 5?

I always get confused about that.

They're seven.

And how many people are in Coldplay?

Do you know the answer to this?

They're five.

Coldplay trivia.

What is one of their songs?

Politics with a K.

Is that true?

That is true.

Is that right?

That is true.

That is good.

Probably.

You sound like you're reading it off of computer.com.

I may have just wicked Peter yet.

But you know what you said about Maroon 5 is true.

It was Maroon 7, but two of the guys that were made off the island.

True boy.

That is hilarious.

You were going to kill...

And other references from 1972.

The original lead singer, the skipper.

He never made it.

Now, uh...

But the music is...

Please take over.

Your music.

I'm sorry.

Your music is fantastic.

I just want to say your music is great.

The Coldplay music is great.

The Coldplay music is great, but you're a musician as well.

I'm also a recording artist.

And I...

I saw you on the country Grammys or something?

I was on the Grammys.

What do you call those?

They're the country Grammys.

The American Music Grammy Country Awards.

Oh, you know what I'm talking about?

Where all the country people get together and they have their version of...

The Country Music Awards.

Yes.

That's what it is.

I think it's...

Garrison Keeler.

Is that what he hosts it?

Yeah.

He hosts it every year.

The Prairie Home Country Music Awards.

And Al Pacino comes out.

He says who...

Whoa!

Yeah.

I know the show.

They have...

They have several of those though.

They do have...

It's a CMT, right?

That's the name of the cable station.

And you sang a song because of your movie...

I was in the movie country song.

You probably remember how I feel.

That was a great movie.

That was a good movie.

Thank you so much.

You are a precious human being.

I totally bought your terrible, terrible country singer.

I mean, no.

I mean, the brilliant country singer, the terrible things happen.

It was also a name of a...

Of a Northern bath tissue.

It was all...

They have a brand called Country Strong.

I heard that.

I did such a great job in that movie.

That Johnny Cash rolled over in his grave.

Wow.

Because he wanted to get in a better position to watch the movie.

Hey, he said, send me down a satellite hookup.

Anyway...

But how many...

Did they do a good box office?

B.O.

How was the B.O.?

Bofo?

Yeah.

They really...

We were real in the B.O.

And frankly, it's another way I catapulted my career into genius.

It's another feather in your cap.

It's a feather in my cap.

Wink, eye roll.

C.Lo Green.

And I have been hanging...

He recorded...

He is genius.

But I have to say, I took his single to a whole nother level because I sang it with him at the Grammys.

Oh, okay.

I guess...

I guess so swept up.

I forget I actually like C.Lo Green.

I was gonna put him down.

Yeah, you're so used to your own...

Yeah, unnegotiable...

Stick!

I didn't mean to cut you off, Mr. Host.

Oh, I don't remember what I was gonna say other than you sang that song, Forget You.

I did, and I...

Gailed it.

I...

Oh, this is a great story that you told.

One of these celebrity stories...

I love...

And I know you agree with me on this cut.

I love celebrity stories.

If I can just see behind the curtain of celebrity, that's exactly what I...

Especially the stories about when they're on the set, like when Tom Cruise goes on and on about the stunts.

Well, I heard that this is...

When you were talking about how when you learned to play guitar, that it was so hard and it's not easy to learn three chords and that your finger is blood.

Is that true?

That is absolutely true, but it was a blessing in disguise because...

It stopped you?

Well...

The blood from my fingers is actually very rare.

So I was able to turn that blood into a donation for starving children, because it actually translates to the amount of like five gold cubes.

Well, I heard that the starving children doesn't help them food-wise, but they just like it as a trinket.

The gold cubes?

Anything from where the house...

They're like knickknacks?

Hey, why am I laughing?

Where do I put the gold cubes?

Yeah, so...

But those stories about how hard it was, how hard it was.

Let me tell you a perfect day for me.

Someone comes over to my house and just tells me celebrity stories all day.

Oh.

I just sit there and I'm odd and I'm fascinated.

I would love to do that.

In fact, I am looking at you and you really need a detox.

And I have a great cleanse for you.

I brought you a detox.

Oh, let me hear...

Yeah, what do I do here?

Here it is.

What it is...

Is...

Some of my sound work.

Was the sound effects bored down?

Let's get a Foley artist in here.

Well, a morning zoo would have had 40 different ways of dealing with that.

I...

Smoothie, by the way, was my nickname in college.

Okay, so what is this cleanse?

What do I have to do here with it?

You have to drink these for eight to 12 weeks.

I have to.

You must.

Okay.

It's required.

It's on...

Your penalty of death.

That is true.

You will be put to death in a very horrible fashion.

Okay, good.

You...

Eight to 12 weeks, you said?

Eight to 12 weeks.

How do I know after eight weeks...

If I'm done or not?

You can tell by your coloring.

Oh, I know if I'm done.

Well, eight to 12, it's so nonspecific.

What if it's 10 weeks?

I feel like I'm two weeks shy.

Continue it on.

Whatever works for you, but I usually typically stand it for eight to weeks to a year.

Eight weeks to a year?

Yeah, and it just...

Do you feel like a million dollars?

So, are you on one currently or have you stopped one?

Absolutely.

I'm on one currently.

I have to say, feeling like a million dollars for you.

That's...

You'd be feeling poorly.

That is absolutely true.

I...

You're a very wealthy woman.

I am extremely wealthy.

She uses a million dollars to get a million dollars.

Okay.

So, drink that...

You know what's cooler than a million dollars?

A different million dollars?

That's my take on a...

New take on an old favorite.

Still didn't save my joke.

Nope.

What is in that cleanse smoothie, you ask?

Oh, I should ask that.

What is in this?

What is in there?

What is in this?

Why would I drink this?

I'm wearing one now.

It's a very peculiar color, I have to say.

There are...

Pencaps, broccoli florets, wood chips from the Keebler Elves treehouse, and chlorophyll.

Chlorophyll?

Chlorophyll, the thing that makes plants green.

How do you actually...

That's the color you're aiming for.

How do you extract chlorophyll?

It's a very...

Carefully.

Really?

Wow, okay.

So...

I am so excited to go on my summer vacation.

Where are you going down your summer vacation?

And why...

I mean, you say that as if you want us to ask about it.

Well, you know, I'm just so...

I can't get Neptune off my brain.

Neptune.

Off your brain.

The planet, Neptune.

Right.

I interplanetary vacation.

No, the planet.

Oh, the planet.

The eighth planet.

Okay.

The eighth and final planet.

Correct.

Oh, so you're...

I'm one of them.

Yeah, yeah.

I'm one of those guys.

Would you get that from Pluto tonight?

From Bill Marf.

So you're going to Neptune?

I don't think that's possible for a human being.

Unless there's some sort of stasis chamber.

That is exactly how we travel in this stasis chamber.

I am a certified astronaut.

That's right.

I heard about that.

How did you get certified?

You...

It's pretty easy.

Anyone can do it.

You guys should totally do it.

You should just get certified and just hop in a shuttle and just jet right up to the moon.

It's the dive for it.

You say it's pretty easy, but I think the step that you're leaving out is the part where you pay incredible amounts of money to do the things that you do.

Right, but that's no problem.

I'm sure you can both award it.

No.

I mean...

I'm going to have to do the traditional route, which is go to astronaut trade school and then take a couple of summer camp courses.

I'm going to do it.

Jackie Gleason's going to punch me.

And then I'm going to just...

You're going to go straight to the moon?

Get a connection.

Jackie Gleason was a very popular entertainer in the 50s and 60s.

Now, did you do...

I'm not heard of it.

Wait, what happened?

Did we switch roles for a second?

Yeah, I'm the host now.

Did you go weightless?

Did you have to go weightless?

Well, I'm pretty thin to begin with.

So it wasn't a challenge for me.

You're sort of, if I may say, and I don't think this is an insult, but I'll just say it.

Sure.

Parallously, dangerously thin.

Thank you very much.

Pre-tronaturally thin.

Yes.

I feel one of the acupuncture needles going straight through my forehead to the back of my head.

That's how thin I am.

Yeah.

And they're only an inch long.

It's an inch long needle, yeah.

Yeah.

They often joke, how many Gwyneth Paltros can you fit through the...

I have a needle.

Right.

I have a needle was the Sylvester Stallone's last movie.

Yeah, it was.

And then he passed away.

Is everything I have the tiger, I have the needle?

Is there anything there?

Is there...

You're asking me if there's...

Put that in computer.com under make a joke at him.

There's an app for that.

So yeah, I was going to say you're a little like flat Stanley.

You're just kind of like a...

Not only are you thin, from the front.

I'm a cartoon, like a cartoon character, is what you're saying?

Yeah, yeah, you're a little like that.

That's right.

I'm going to be on Bob's burger, is actually.

Really?

What part are you going to be playing?

What part are you playing at?

Mort.

I'm playing Mort.

Oh my...

What?

Is this the way I find out?

Don't worry.

It's not a bad way to find out something.

If I had to find out, a more lovely way, couldn't be imagined.

Don't worry about it.

I just gave the producer a pet giraffe, just as like a hello, how do you do?

And he just said, there's this opening for a role you'd be perfect for.

So what do you think you...

What is your take on the character?

He becomes a cleansing.

Hold on, everyone be silent for a second.

I need an edit point.

Hey, hold on.

Wait, take it.

Wait.

That's good.

Take it out.

We got it.

By the way, I like how you're wearing your headphones, Andy.

You're wearing it as if you are Al Pacino and Frankie and Johnny, and you have a headband, and you're a fry cook.

It was at the movie where a beautiful was supposed to believe that Michelle Fyfer was a plane.

What was playing?

Yeah, that's right.

That was talking about stretching the founders.

I think it's Kathy Bates on Broadway.

Oh, how do we make a movie out of this?

Right.

Michelle Fyfer.

Yeah, all of a sudden it's Charo's playing her.

That's my best.

Is that correct?

Charo was an entertainer from the 70s who appeared on the love boat quite often.

Choo-choo-choo-choo.

All of a sudden it's Diasmeem Bleith.

You cut to the movie.

Oh, that's more?

And Yasmeem Bleith is playing.

That's more modern, in your opinion?

It's more modern than my original jokes where I would refer to people from the Stone Age.

Were they living in the Stone Age?

I think so.

I feel like I'm having a breakdown now.

I'm just your headphones.

And then eventually you lie me down flat on the ground.

OK, good night.

Good night, Andy.

Good night.

Come see me at the club.

No, no, you're not going to be seeing it like anymore.

I'm going to be performing like that.

No, you're never going to perform anymore, Andy.

Go to sleep.

I have myself for audition too.

No, no, no, no.

Go to sleep forever.

Forever.

Yeah, killing me.

He's killing me.

You're killing me, Larry.

So, Gwyneth, Ms. Paltrow to you.

Ms. Paltrow, I'm so sorry.

That's all right.

That's true.

Sir Paltrow, I guess, is how we're supposed to address it.

It would be Dame.

I don't think, I don't know that knights are female.

They are now.

I broke the rules.

And also, I think you have to be born in England to be a knight as well.

Well, typically that may be the case, but I'm married to Chris Martin Coldplay.

So, I have a home in London, which gives me the right to become knighted at any given time.

He hasn't even been knighted yet, has he?

Perhaps not.

I don't really see him that often.

Oh, really?

Well, we have trouble at home?

Well, see, Apple and Moses are children.

These are your children, by the way.

Right.

They take up all of them.

I mean, I'm just like you guys.

Like I said, just helicopter the kids to school in the morning.

How far away is the school?

It's just about a block and a half.

Okay.

But who could walk that long these days?

Oh, it's...

It's...

In this economy?

I just packed their lunches, you know, just easy squab sandwiches with Cumberland's ozz, and just send them on their way.

Where do you get the squab?

Do you have a roof where the pigeons sort of congregate or ...?

Yes.

Well, basically, my Indian Sherwani told me that if I med itate, that pigeons will come.

And they just show up at my door.

Well, it seems like it's kind of a danger for your...

Do you always have to wear a hat in case you're a...

Pardon my French, but shat upon?

They know better.

The pigeons know better than to do that on a night.

They don't do that on a night.

And never.

Okay.

That really wasn't French, though.

It was when people were listening.

Yeah, just so we're not giving you the wrong idea.

Right.

You cannot learn French from listening to that sentence.

No.

You could have the desire to...

Sure.

But my podcast is not the Rosetta Stone for you in order to figure out French.

Just don't run over the France and start going, shat.

Yeah, I don't want to make that claim.

I don't want people...

Unless you're referring to a cat.

Okay.

The other thing that I think people should point out is that she won her Oscar for a movie...

Nobody enjoyed that movie.

No one enjoyed it.

That's made it a lot harder to win an Oscar for...

Pretty much a terrible, terrible movie.

Yeah.

And you still won an Oscar, which I think is amazing.

Thank you so much.

That's amazing.

It's so much.

Yeah, it really is.

I don't think there's a person on this planet who can remember one scene from Shakespeare in Love.

That's how forgettable it was.

All right. Well, Gwyneth, you're a fascinating person.

Can you stick around for a little more of the show?

Of course.

Okay.

All right.

Let's go to another song.

Mr. Wainwright, come back.

I'm back.

You're back.

Hello.

All right.

What?

In the hot seat.

Yes.

The proverbial hot seat.

Yes.

And the literal hot seat.

We keep it very hot.

Yeah.

Sea warmers.

It's like my Volvo.

So what will you be playing right now?

I noticed you have a capo.

I've got on your second fret.

I'm going to keep a little on that.

So I'll be seeing a different key than the last one.

Oh, boy.

Anyway, this is a song called Man and Dog.

Kind of got a little folky.

Fokie thing.

I don't like it.

I'm hammering on.

This is called hammering on.

It's the first sophisticated thing I learned how to do on the guitar way back in the early 60s.

I got it off of Joan Baez record.

So you learned to play from a Joan Baez?

Well, I learned to hammer on from a Joan Baez record.

You just listened to it and imitated it.

Well, yeah.

It's not really hard.

It's, but it has a kind of, and I did it for hours and hours and you know, my parents would scream for, Stop hammering on!

Enough.

I'm ready.

We won't be screaming that key hammering on, please.

When a man has a dog in the city, then a man needs to walk in the park.

Take a little stroll by the river side, smoke a cigarette there in the dark, living in the city.

Man living with a dog.

And a man has to carry him a plastic bag on his person at all time.

When a dog dumps on the sidewalk, walking away as a crime, living in the city.

Man walking with a dog.

A man likes living in the city, but a man has to find some work.

Walking with a dog is a kind of a job, make you feel like a fool in a jerk, living in the city.

Man working, man working like a dog.

Hammer on there, Lotto!

I'm ready.

A dog likes living in the city, in the city there's a lot of other mutts.

Checking in front, checking in back, no ifs, no ends, just buts living in the city.

Dog checking out a dog.

It's a pretty good way to meet a woman.

If a woman is walking a dog, just say what's her name, how old is she?

See, is he like rolling off a log, checking out a woman?

Man acting like a dog.

But when a man has a fight with a woman, man needs to go for a walk.

Walking with a dog is easy.

He listens, he don't talk.

Talking to a dog, thinking again.

It's exactly the same soul.

So good I did it twice.

Walking with a dog in the winter in the wind, and the rain and the snow is a drag.

It's hard as hell to keep the cigarette lit and get the shit in the plastic bag, living in the city.

Man walking with a dog.

When a man has a dog in the city, then a man needs to walk in the park.

Take a little stroll by the river side, smoke a cigarette there in the dark, living in the city.

Man walking with a dog.

Smoke music, yes!

Loud and lame right the third will be right back.

Comedy bang bang bang, we are back here.

We have a really interesting show today.

We have Loud and lame right the third.

Dude just did songs here.

I think that was fantastic.

And Andy Kinler is here, along with Gwyneth Paltrow, which is a big get for my show, I have to say.

And it's time to play a little game now.

Are you ready for this, engineer Brett?

You all said for this.

Time to play a little game, are you guys competitive?

Swords?

I always win.

I'm the best.

I play to win.

Okay, this is a little game that we like to call, Who Said It?

Is it real game?

Music Said it.

Laughter lawsuit.

All right, we're ready to play this.

This is a pretty self-explanatory.

I will say a famous quote, and you tell me who said it.

All right, we'll start with you, Gwyneth.

Are you all?

I'm here.

You're a well-read individual, I would imagine.

Absolutely.

What do you like to read?

What's your favorite book?

My own cookbooks.

All right, so famous quote here.

Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by.

Who said it?

Jackie Glason.

You can't just say some of that I've mentioned earlier, and I'll go to camp.

Who do you think it would be?

Like what type of a...

A self-help author.

All right, Andy, you can steal.

Well, Gwyneth is close to that, because a self-help author, M. Scott Peck, did write the book, The Roadless Traveled, which was based on that saying, but who said it?

Which I would have to guess was someone like Thoreau or...

Damn.

No, sorry, Robert Frost.

Robert Frost.

Oh, I knew it was close to that.

So sorry.

It was really off on that.

You were off on that, that's okay.

Miles to go before I sleep.

Andy, you said for yours?

Yeah.

Here we go.

All right.

Nothing to fear, but fear itself.

Teddy Roosevelt.

I mean, Franklin Delano Roosevelt.

Nope.

So sorry.

I mean, hold on a second.

Hold on a second.

This is what I would do if I was with a game show.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Don't go by that whatever that was.

Was S me again?

Nothing to fear, but fear itself.

There's nothing to...

No, that was FDR quoted it.

No, Churchill said it.

No, it's so sorry.

So sorry.

Oingo, boingo.

Pretty famous lyric.

They had a...

It was actually they titled their album after it as well.

Nothing to fear, but nothing to fear, but fear itself is one of their famous songs.

So sorry, you don't know.

I'll get a point.

That's a trick question.

What do you mean?

Well, because other people would have said...

People I think would sigh with you.

Let's open it up to a vote.

I don't think...

What do you mean?

I cry foul.

In what way?

What are you?

You cheated.

If you are dying to have some excellent foul, please, I'm inviting you to my home in London.

Jay-Z will be there, and so will be Beyonce.

I don't understand what you're saying.

Oh, well, because it's really clearly a lyric from Oingo Bo ingo.

But isn't it also something that FDR said?

I mean, maybe they said something like it.

But it's...

Okay, I stand correct.

Okay, here we go.

I sit.

All right, Gwyneth, I'm going to give you a kind of a soft ball here, so you can get some points on the board.

I'll be Bach.

Wes Anderson.

No, sorry, Andy, do you want to steal?

Yeah, I'll steal it.

Isn't that Arnold Schwarzenegger from The Terminator?

And I never saw any of those movies.

No, I'm so sorry.

It's Johann Sebastian Bach.

It's right there in the actual...

I'll be Bach.

Yeah.

I'll be Bach.

That was just an easy one.

You outsource those jokes.

Those jokes, you outsource them.

Did you get that from one of the Leno's writers?

Yeah, just back to the other one.

Hey, I'll be back.

Yeah, you'll be back.

I'll be back.

All right, Andy, I get no respect, I tell you, no respect at all.

Pretty famous.

Yeah, well, I'm going to say, why are you going to tell me that I'm wrong?

So why should I go with the right answer on this crazy show ?

Wes is backwards a day?

No, it's an audience member after Aretha Franklin cancelled her concert.

So sorry.

Because they go, I get no respect now.

I get no respect.

Exactly.

All right, Gwyneth, one man in his time plays many parts.

Alex Trevak.

Ah, so close.

Vinnie Chase, Vinnie Chase.

Bill and Chase beer?

Not Bill and Chase beer?

No, Vinnie Chase from Entourage.

You sure it wasn't Johnny Drama?

It might have been Drama.

You know why I watched Entourage?

Why is that?

Emotionally invested in Turtle.

What's happening with him now?

I want the movie to happen.

What's going on with the Murphy group?

Have you ever heard me do the learning, the vowels, Entourage style?

No.

A-E!

I owe you!

Sometimes why?

Andy, we have one more here.

Yeah.

Or no, one more answering one.

I'm going to be the bad guy.

Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.

Someone describing my career.

I actually don't know who wrote that.

Um...

Aw, come on!

Uh, Gwyneth, Elvis has left the building.

Who said it?

Oh, you don't know who wrote it.

That's the joke, right?

That's the joke.

Damn it!

Elvis has left the building.

That was Chris Martin Coldplay.

Ah, Chris Coldplay Martin?

No, sorry, that was Santa Claus.

And sorry, I should have...

It should have read Elvis have left the building.

Sorry about that.

Is he all going to be wordplay?

Was Chris Martin in the band world play?

We have one left, Andy.

This is a really easy one.

Is it a wordplay?

Really easy, all right?

Yeah.

Here we go.

He-he.

Shyamone.

Bubbles.

Macaulay.

Dah!

Give me dem elephant bones.

Hoohoo!

The way you make me feel...

Hooh!

Michael Jackson and Ed McMahon on a picnic.

That is correct.

You are our winner and that is, of course, how we play Who Said It.

This is me playing the guitar, by the way.

Mm-hmm.

Sad it.

All right.

That was fun.

Ha ha ha ha.

Why am I laughing like a maniac now?

You are a maniac.

Yeah, okay.

You're one of my little maniacs.

It's a daring, oh my.

All right, guys.

Well, that comes to just about the end of the show.

We just have one last thing to do.

And that is a little something that we call PLUGS plugs.

PLUGS.

That sounded like my Tibetan monk, Tucla.

Was that him?

No, it was actually Garrett Palm and the Tibetan Show Choir .

Doing meditation on plugs.

Thank you so much, Garrett Palm and the Tibetan Show Choir.

If you have an appropriate or even inappropriate plugs theme, please go to earwolf.com, put it under the comedy bang, bang message boards under the appropriate thread.

And you can be famous for a week and Garrett, you are famous for this week and this week only.

Your career ends on Sunday.

So enjoy it while you can.

All right, guys.

What do we have to plug, Andy?

What's happening?

I, thankfully, you booked me on the show when I actually have some things going on.

Some dates, usually I say I have some open schedules.

If anyone has anything for me, but now I will be the Acme Comedy Club in Minneapolis, like the third week of July or something.

Do you know the date?

It's the Tuesday through Saturday in July.

Oh, yeah?

Which would be, what would that be?

Everything on the 28th or the 21st?

It's ending on the 21st.

So that would be that.

I was going to say stick around an extra day and you could be on my show in Minneapolis.

But oh, yeah.

So it's the, oh, like that.

I said that.

It's going to be.

Hello.

It's actually the 17th through the 21st of the Minneapolis and then the whole following week at the Jesper Last Festival.

Sure.

And Montreal.

Yeah, where I'm hosting the alternative show, Four Nights.

You going to be there?

I will not be there.

James Adomian will be there.

He's going to be in the show.

Great.

He doesn't impression of me.

Oh, no.

I don't know what that I just said.

I'll give you a little taste.

He goes, he isn't him doing me.

I had to stay at the Easton because there were no more rooms at the Weston.

What's the matter?

You don't like my cardinal direction, humor?

As James Adomian do me.

He's brilliant.

Are you doing the, what do you call it?

The comedy wrap up.

What do you call it?

Stated the industry.

Yeah.

I give a speech on the Friday but it's only over to the industry.

I'm sorry.

People who aren't.

And you slam people.

I slam everybody.

You insult people and people are supposed to laugh but they really get insulted and they...

What happens here?

Well, for example, I will say something like, I'm tired of hearing about the Titanic.

If I want to revisit the disaster, I'll watch Leno.

It'll be along those banks.

I don't agree with that but I know exactly where you're going with it.

Yeah, and like sometimes I'll go and then all of a sudden, like, and then people will be with me and then I'll make fun of Parks and Rec and then people just get up and leave the room sometimes.

I go too far.

Yeah.

Too far.

But stuff that people actually think is good.

Yeah, because we're not in things that are bad to talk about so you start slamming good things.

That should be what you do this year is like, from the jump you're just slamming things and people are just like...

People are so confused.

Miss Mad Men.

Let me get this straight.

Breaking bad.

Oh, what are you so mad about?

Yeah.

Why do you got to break so much?

Why don't you break good?

Good stuff.

All right, you're on the route.

Yeah.

Hilarious.

So Montreal and Minneapolis and anything after that.

I may, but it's not for sure, but I may cover the Republican National Convention for the...

For Letterman?

I did it last time.

It may happen, so...

That would be fantastic.

You're always great on the Letterman show.

Like, you guys have a...

All your pieces are fantastic.

I have a great relationship.

That's a dream come true.

Because you respect him and...

He's my family.

I remember when you first started doing those pieces, I don't think I'm telling tales out of school.

You were nervous that they would go well and they went so fantastically and you're regular on the show and it's just so great.

It's been the greatest experience.

Moving on.

Gwyneth Paltrow.

What a great...

Move on as if that was a...

I lost interest while...

What's this guy doing?

I lost interest right after you said it's the...

Gwyneth, what do you have to plug?

You have a lot.

My Walmart tour.

Walmart tour, great.

Do you have dates on that?

Yes, I am going to be there for the whole month of August at the one in London because I live there.

And then the San Diego one is immediately following this podcast.

Oh, this is going down.

Going right over.

My centaur is waiting right downstairs and he's going to escort me over.

You centaur?

My centaur.

This is what rich people have.

Unbelievable.

So I'll...

Must be nice!

That's a new catchphrase for you.

I want to plug, of course, the Comedy Bang Bang tour.

We mentioned it kicking off here on the 15th at Comic Con.

Actually, that's sold out.

But starting the 29th in Minneapolis, 29th, then going to Chicago, Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, LA , Boston, New York, first show sold out of New York.

So we added another one.

I'm available for some of those dates.

I'm surprised that I have not been...

I heard your schedule.

It didn't sound like it would really line up.

Is this for people just to run on the TV show?

Or wouldn't you use some of the people who have also been in your stage show for my needs and supported you for the first time I saw you at the belly room in the Comedy Store?

I appreciate it.

You have no room for those people in your life?

No.

But after New York are going to Philly, DC, and Vancouver.

So please go out and see us.

I'm going to be out there with Matt Besser on a few dates.

James Adomian for most of the tour.

Paul if Tomkins will be there, Tim Heidecker.

We're going to have a really good time.

I hope to come out and...

You come out and...

Hope that you come out and see us.

Oh, also I want to give a shout out to Gordon Miller.

Miller with an AR at the end might be Millar.

I don't know.

He donated $200 to Ear Wolf.

Thank you so much, Gordon.

If you want to donate, head on over to earwolf.com.

Go to my show page and donate through my show.

That way, I'm getting a little fucking piece of that.

You know what I'm saying?

Thank you, Gordon, so much.

And also please watch Comedy Bang Bang this Friday at 10 p.m. 9 central on IFC.

This Friday we have Seth Rogen is my main guest.

And he's really great.

And we have Bob Odenkirk.

Doing a character.

A character that he has been wanting to do for 20 years.

He told me and he finally gets to do it on this show.

We also have Casey Wilson is on this episode.

A Will Arnett, Tofur Grace.

There's a lot of great people in this episode.

Is there still room on the Friday nights episode?

Ah.

For anything like that.

Just do a couple stand-up bits.

Is it...

How on the can?

It might be in the can.

How about for the deep when the DVD comes out?

Just you want...

Maybe we do a separate commentary track where you just do your stand-up bits.

And that's how you release your album.

No good?

So please have all that.

No.

Do we have the closing up the plug bag theme?

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Closing up.

Plug bag.

Ding dong.

All right.

Plug bag.

Plug bag is closed.

Guys, thank you so much.

This has been a great show.

I really appreciate you guys coming on.

Gwyneth.

It's nice to be here.

It's really been an honor for you.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

I had a great time.

It's such an honor meeting Gwyneth, and you were fantastic.

Because, Scott.

Thank you.

Gwyneth, you were great.

And Scott, right?

Ha ha ha.

I don't know your name.

But why don't we go to another song to close it out?

What do you say?

Ooh.

Let's do this.

Really nice.

Mr. Wainwright, are you ready to do one final song for us?

I am.

Fantastic.

Come on back up here.

And what will you be playing right now?

This is a song called The Days That We Die.

The Days That We Die.

Yes.

And this is off the new record.

It's off the new record.

The whole new album is about Death and Decay.

Fantastic.

It's my favorite topic.

And this song is called The Days That We Die.

It's also apparently, I'm told, by Inside Source, is going to be in Judd Apatow's new movie.

Oh great.

This is 40, which comes out later this year.

Okay.

This time.

Playing over the credits or just somewhere in the movie.

I hope so.

I hope, I hope, I hope.

Oscar nomination.

Ah god, that would be so incredible.

That would be so wonderful.

All right, well you heard it here first.

The Soon to Be Oscar Nominated Song by Loud and Wayne Wright.

The third.

Thank you so much for being here.

And we'll hear one last song from you.

Thank you so much.

Great to be here.

Great to be anywhere.

You'll never change.

Neither will I.

We'll stay the same till the days that we die.

I'll never win.

Neither will you.

So what in this world are we gonna do?

People hate change.

They make a fuss.

They stay the same.

People like us.

Folks wanna win.

When they can choose.

More important than that.

Folks don't wanna lose.

When did it start?

I did it go wrong.

Why in this world can we get along?

Each victory should be good news but when I have to win.

You're the one that I lose.

I wanna change.

I don't know how.

We need to change though.

I know that now.

It's sad but it's true.

I have to say that the days that we die aren't that far away.

You'll never change.

Neither will I.

We'll stay the same till the days that we die.

I'll never win.

Neither will you.

So what in this world are we gonna do?

I'll never win.

We just ain't here at the end.

We're gonna win.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio boom.

Don't come.

The Wolf Dead.
