A scant 10 months ago, we recorded a classic comedy bang bang episode, Farts in Procreation with members of the Parks and Recreation crew. We had Adam Scott, we had writers Harris Whittles and Chelsea Paredi. Well guess what, they're all back. We 're trying to replicate the entire process of the first time we recorded it. Things are going to get a little crazy. You voted this one last year as the best episode of the year. We'll see if you like this one all of that more on today's.

♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, baby ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ Damn it Spiderman, if you're gonna bring something, use Google.

Welcome to Comedy Bank, bang.

It really came together this time.

It really did.

Thank you so much, Steve Hennell, for that catchphrase submission.

If you're going, damn it Spiderman, if you're gonna bring something, use Google based upon the popular movie.

The Amazing Spiderman.

The popular movie, Bing.

Right?

What do you do?

Bing, starring Tom Hanks.

I'm a big suit.

What are you gonna do with that false start we had?

Is that gonna be on the...

That goes in the garbage pile.

I was thinking, guys, listen, I was thinking maybe it could be a B side.

Yeah.

Is this a record?

No, cause we have to cut this too.

You're referencing something that...

That's no one will hear.

I'm gonna have to start over again.

Hike, hike.

Shh.

Okay guys, let me talk about what's happening right now.

This is an atypical start to the show, but we're having fun.

Hollywood night.

Let me explain what's happening here for you.

Is night spelled with a K?

Of course.

I like that.

My name is Scott Ocarvin.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for listening.

This is Comedy Bang Bang the podcast.

Maybe you've been watching the TV show, and by the way, thank you so much for watching the TV show and letting me know how much you like it.

If you've been letting me know how you don't like it, well, what are you doing that for?

Stop hitting you weirdo.

You gotta get some people doing that.

Yeah, go talk to someone about something you like.

That would be frightfully boring.

Who let that English guy in?

Oh, I would be a guest.

What's doing characters?

What's Jared Harris doing in here, guys?

We're already starting the character.

No, no, no, that was a freebie.

My name is Scott Ocarvin.

Welcome to the show.

And let me tell you what's going on right here.

This is a very special show about a year ago, last August.

So approximately 10 months ago, we all gathered in this room.

This very group of people that I'm looking at right now, and we recorded a podcast, the Comedy Bang Bang podcast, called Farts and Procreation.

And that was basically based upon...

We were in the trenches.

It was based upon my...

We were doing it.

My noticing that a good porn parody of Parks and Recreation would be Farts and Procreation.

Disagree.

I also disagree.

Disagreement seconded.

A fart fetish porn.

A fart fetish porno.

No, I don't want to see that.

Where you know, no, you know that the person, the woman gets pregnant.

There's a tiny camera inside the uterus, and you can see a sperm hitting the...

Well, not a tiny camera.

Well, depending on the woman.

A regular-sized camera.

There would also have to be a tiny camera in the butt to see the farts.

You're assuming that they're silent, but these...

Is that the proudest you've ever been of a sentence you uttered?

Yeah.

That's the proudest I've ever been of you.

Thank you.

Look at you.

So, what we did a year ago was I gathered one star from the TV show, Parks and Recreation, and then two behind the scenes people.

We're both have been on the show.

You have been on the show, so you're in front of the scenes .

I wouldn't call stars.

But I would.

I would.

I wouldn't either.

I would.

And I gathered them in this room and we paid tribute.

We paid homage to the show in the only way that we knew how , which was we recorded a podcast where we barely talked about it and instead did strange characters.

And we did it at night, which is atypical for the show because the studio was not open at night.

And it was a very hot evening and it got very hot in the studio.

Do you think when Italian guy says typical, it's confusing because he says it's a typical.

And people go.

A typical.

Yeah.

It's a typical.

Sir, do you mean it?

Do you mean it's typical or A typical?

Maybe it's like a Spanish person going, you can't or you can't.

Yeah, exactly.

You can't do it or you can't do it.

That's what it's like.

That's how people talk, right?

Maybe he meant a spicy meatball as in not spicy meatball.

A spicy meatball.

That's the word.

Right.

A spicy meatball.

It was a regular meatball.

Go on, Scott.

So what I've decided to do is I've decided to have these very same people back.

We've tried to replicate the exact circumstances of the previous episode.

It's night.

It's hot in the room.

We're getting crazy.

We're all in bikinis.

And even the guys are in bikinis.

Yeah.

It doesn't make sense.

Especially the guys.

OK.

The sexiest thing a guy can wear.

OK.

So let me introduce them now.

Guys should wear bikinis.

Here we go.

You should be able to wear bikinis.

Here we go.

I miss this from Parks.

Chelsea doesn't write there anymore.

We'll talk about this.

Let me.

Let's fix up these kind of theories and just spouts them out.

You know what?

I'm going to put my fist down.

Guys should.

Yeah.

And I really didn't ever believe this.

Put my fist down.

Yeah.

Is that the expression?

No.

I think it is.

What about my foot fist?

I'm going to step on my fist.

You lost complete what the path was.

I know.

I'm just going to step on my fist.

Guys, I'm stepping on my fist here.

Guys should wear bikinis.

Are you OK?

I don't want to show me.

I didn't understand any of that sentence.

I'm just saying, like I'm as weird about my nips.

That's it.

My nips, like, I must wear my nips.

Like an attack guy.

That's a girl.

Like manipulations?

Yeah.

They might as well be, am I right?

The things you can get people to do.

Girls by flashing them.

Oh, yeah.

The thing is, girl, splash your nips more.

The things you can get a baby to do with your, by showing it your nipples.

Well, what's that list consist of?

Sucking on them?

Yeah.

You can get a baby to suck on your tit if there was a promise of milk.

You could get, if it's a boy, if it's a boy baby.

And this is not a boy.

If it's a boy baby, you could get him to show him your dick .

Show him your dick.

Yeah, him to show him your dick.

If you show him a nipple.

What?

If you show him a nipple, you can get him to show him your dick.

You can show the baby your own dick.

Listen, I'm not a parent.

You are.

Take your word for it.

And I'm telling you, is that been on your fist?

I'm sitting in this stuff.

If you show him your nipple, you can get him to show him your dick.

Show him your dick.

He says, I'm going to show me your dick.

If you show him a nipple, he'll basically look at anything, including your dick.

Why would you want him to look at your dick?

Why not, Scott?

He's got to learn some time.

That's true.

All right, let me introduce you guys, because people don't even know who you are at this point.

That's the police and for wittles.

What?

I don't care.

What?

I'll fuck a kid.

What?

I don't care.

By the way, I have you sitting in the exact same spot, too.

Oh, yeah, this is a magic configuration.

He's drinking a Diet Coke out of a bottle.

I think last time it may have been a Coke 1 or zero?

Zero, Coke 0.

I don't know.

I think it was a Diet Coke.

I'm pretty sure.

It was a Diet Coke, man.

Here's pictures.

We'll have to get out the pics.

I think I remember people remarking upon it.

Oh my god.

I love Adam Scott and he drinks the same soda I drink.

And that was Chelsea.

That was my tumbler.

Well, Harris, you said her name.

Let me introduce her to my left.

We have Chelsea Chas Palmentary Paretti.

Ew.

Welcome to the show.

Hey.

That's one man in the audience.

No, that's just, I'm sick.

Oh.

No.

Ah.

Writer for Parks and Rec.

Not anymore.

We'll talk about it.

It's too much.

Sitting across.

Just not right now.

Nope.

Got to introduce you guys.

Sitting across from me.

You know them as the catch up in Mustards.

We have Harris, Hairdog Whittles.

Hey.

And Adam, aka Jerry, Bro.

Hi, Broz Scott.

Hey.

I like that.

I really like that.

You really came through, man.

No, guys.

That's Jerry's brother, by the way.

What's his name?

Gary.

It seems like it's very confusing for their parents.

When he walks into a room, he goes, hey.

What does he say when he leaves?

Oh.

And then Jerry says, hey, Broz.

I'd love to hang out with him.

I would hate it.

Oh, I would love to see them come and go.

You had me and I'd love to see them come.

You did.

And go.

You didn't let me finish it.

And go.

If I was like a badass chick, that's what I'd say.

You are a badass chick, girl.

Thank you, girl.

Don't you ever undersell yourself.

I'd be like, I love to see him come and go.

Now get the fuck out.

It is fun as a girl to be really aggressive with.

Actually, I think it's fun to do.

I'll tell this to my journal later.

I'm bad.

Well, no, let's talk about what's your style with guys.

Here's what I was going to say.

Actually, it wasn't going to be about guys.

I think it's funny to be harassing other women as a guy.

So if a girl's walking by and I can tell she's all dolled up, I'll be like, looking gorgeous.

I like to do that because it's the last thing she'd expect for me.

Have you done that for real or is this a thing?

No, I just do it in my head all the time.

So you don't get any reaction out of that?

Do you get any pussy from it?

They don't do anything.

Imaginary pussy.

Cool.

It's the best kind of age.

What's that on?

So you don't get any reaction from that?

Well, here's the thing.

I feel like I kind of have half done it, but not something that would have been audible to the girls.

I do it for my friends' entertainment, my one friend Brendan Walsh.

I understand.

You're one friend.

What's going on here?

What happened?

No, I'm just kidding.

I have tons of friends.

Full rich life.

Name names.

No, I don't like name drop.

I have a pretty small group of friends like this guy Denzel .

What's his last name?

Denzel?

I don't want to blow him up.

Like blow up his spot or whatever.

I think there's only one Denzel.

You do?

You know a Denzel?

No, I don't know him.

Right.

Is Denzel Washington?

Yeah.

That's who it is.

Wait, you know him?

My closest friends are him.

I do that guy.

This guy Bradley and Bradley Cooper?

No.

Whitford?

No.

It's Denzel and Brad.

I think a lot of people come Brad.

Oh, so Brad Pitt.

Right.

Guys, how have our lives changed since the last episode came out?

Pretty much a lot.

Here's something that I wanted to make note of.

You know how the Velvet Underground?

They weren't very popular when they came out, but they influenced so many people to start a band.

Has that happened with Farts in Procreation 1?

I think so.

I mean, I knew, I think we all felt something that night that was magical.

And I don't think any of us expected all of this.

Right.

But it's been really cool.

People have been really cool about it.

It's been a great ride.

It's cool.

I mean, I know that, I don't want to speak for Harrison Che ls, but I know that when the three of us happened to be together and we're at the Grove, we're traveling together because we travel together a lot now.

You know, whenever the three of us are together and all three voices are kind of going at the same time, sometimes we have to just kind of stop because people start.

Yeah.

They start turning.

It's like that scene and inception where everyone just starts turning and staring at us.

Right.

It's like our subconscious getting angry at us.

And I'm like, sir, I'm just trying to buy some blue jeans.

You know, right.

Right.

Guys, this, have we, we've come so far, you guys travel together, you say, because when you go through a situation like this, it sort of brings you closer, doesn't it?

Yeah.

I mean, it's not unlike, I would imagine, you know, like a few people were like went through a tour and nom together or something like that.

Like I don't want to take anything away from those people.

No, I mean, we can agree that those people, we are their service.

Yeah.

We honor what they did.

They did something great over there for sure.

And now it's time for another generation to do kind of what whatever they can do with whatever life is thrown to them.

Right.

Chelsea, how would you say your life has changed?

It's interesting, you know, it's sometimes it's hard to quantify, but it's just a certain light that you feel.

I hear you.

I can quantify.

Oh, what were you going to say?

No, no.

It's a light you feel behind what?

You quantify.

You already jumped in the quad.

Yeah, you jumped in, Eris.

I want to know how you feel light.

It's like a certain like, have you ever done mushrooms?

Are we recording?

No.

Yeah.

Constantly.

You know, when you're like coming up and you're like whole face feels like it's about to float off like your cheekbones feel like they're about to just like.

I think so.

It's like that.

Do you not feel the way Adam when you take mushrooms?

My face floating.

Is that what you're supposed to feel?

If you haven't, you ain't tripped dicks.

So it's kind of like that.

Wait, so what are you saying?

I'm saying I feel happy all the time like I'm flying.

Ever have that?

I think there's a medical term for it where you just feel like you're flying all the time.

So, you felt like that for 10 months.

Yeah.

Congrats.

I haven't felt that.

I mean, it was a good show, but I haven't felt that way.

A lot of times I'll preemptively like if I'm going say to a 7-11 or to a Gelson's, that's our local grocery store for those places.

Sure.

I went to 7-11 tonight on the way here.

Nice.

Congrats, man.

Thank you.

He held up his Diet Coke and showed it to us all.

It's I believe.

He did too.

That's where I got it.

No reason to doubt you.

What's your workout regimen, Adam?

What do you do?

Yeah, what do you do to stay the way you are?

Well, you know, I...

Hot yoga?

Basically, yeah.

Basically I like to get just in a room and I like it to get super hot, whether that's with artificial heat or organic heat.

Are we exercising right now?

Yeah.

This is...

I had my guy come in here before and kind of get it all over the course.

That's horrible.

There's a musk in the air.

So I like the heat going and then basically whatever you do is exercise at that point.

So what do you do when it gets that hot?

Do you just check your email?

Well, eat it like a pizza.

Yeah, that's exercise.

If it's hot, if it's hot out, if you're just...

But the pizza...

If you're hot in a pizza, it's exercise.

It's yeah, if it's hot outside, but it has to be in a small room.

Oh, okay.

It has to be super hot.

What if the room is cold but the pizza's hot?

Is that still exercise?

No.

The room has to be hot.

Cold room.

Yeah.

Cold pizza.

Right.

No, it exercise.

No.

The room has to be hot.

I'm not getting this.

I get it.

Are you mad at us?

I think...

Yeah.

I'm getting there.

I've never seen you this...

I'm upset.

Do you have tears in your eyes?

I'm too...

You guys...

Oh, pick your battles, man.

Wow.

I'm never seen this before.

You've freaking out.

Listen.

Oh my God.

The room has to be hot and then whatever you want to do, it 's exercise.

Okay.

That's fine, man.

Do I need...

Harris?

What if you do jumping jacks?

Fine.

Wait, but what...

Here's my question.

What if the room is absolutely freezing cold and you do jumping jacks?

Is that exercise?

It's not exercise.

It's even jumping jacks or what if you're on the life cycle ?

If you do jumping jacks in a cold room, you will gain weight.

What about the Everest attempts?

Pussies.

Hmm.

But back to how our lives have changed.

Yeah, back to what...

Harris, what's happening with you?

I noticed you bought a beamer.

I did.

Tinted windows?

I racked it though on purpose because I could.

Yep.

And...

Yeah, tint.

Got the tint and...

You got the...

I'm sorry.

You got the what?

A tint.

Tinted?

I have a tint like for camping.

Oh, that's...

Tinted windows.

You keep it in your new car.

Keep it in the...

Proof of the car?

No, my windows are tinted.

Okay.

I got the tint on the window and I got a tint for camping.

I keep that in the car.

I keep that in the car so I can't...

How do you tell them apart?

Well, I tried to set up the windows once to sleep in and really just...

It was an attempt.

Yeah.

It was windows.

So...

And then you went on your computer and then tried to use windows.

And it turns out it was a tint.

My computer was a tint that you sent in.

That's terrible.

I'm an idiot.

That's an ineffective computer.

Yeah, I know.

So...

But life's been really cool.

Ah!

Got on some mix tapes.

Guys, what is happening with parks this season?

What are my favorite caraks been up to?

Chelsea.

I'll tell you.

What's your guess as to what's happening?

Leslie and she's starting to go by Leslie and now.

Oh, great.

She...

She's got a hand on it.

So this is strange.

I know, but she loves her so much she gets kind of crazy obsessed with her.

And she actually hyphenates her name to Leslie Ann.

And she keeps making jokes like, we're married and stuff.

And then Ann starts getting freaked out and runs to the mountains.

And Leslie is like...

That's not actual sense.

There's a lot of scenes that's weird that we've written this out.

But there's a lot of scenes where Leslie is running and panting.

And it's kind of like that movie Hannah or Hannah.

Like a lot of pursuit scenes and like breath and really cool music.

Sure.

If it's cold, you can see the breath too.

Adam Scott's character dies.

Ben dies.

He's out there chasing after Leslie and he crumples into the ice.

And he increases to death.

But it's kind of cool.

Like it looks beautiful the way we've talked about shooting it and stuff.

Troy Miller came in and directed that one.

Yeah.

These are all spoilers.

So I should warn you.

So she's right.

100% everything she just said.

I actually bend dies during a talking head interview.

Yeah.

We thought that would be kind of a show.

So you're on the ice doing a talking head interview.

At a time.

And you crumple into the ice.

How do you crumple into the ice?

By the way, what is it?

I don't want to spoil anything.

We used to stunt crumple.

A stunt crumpler?

A stunt crumpler.

It's a stunt crump.

And what are your last words?

I know you don't want to spoil anything but it might be nice if we could hear your last words.

It wouldn't spoil anything to hear the last words that his character spoke before he died.

I guess not.

I mean as long as we can put this on iTunes.

Yeah.

We'll put this on iTunes and we'll copyright it so then you won't be able to use the words on the show.

Okay.

The last words are fine with it.

But you don't mind because you wrote the thing.

Yeah, go ahead.

I wrote this line.

Yeah.

He says.

These were based on the last words that your father said to me.

Yeah.

Before I died.

You died?

Oh my god.

This is taking a turn.

Are you serious?

Are you a terrorist's ghost?

Yep.

And you seem just like Harris.

I had to, well, I'm his ghost.

I'm me.

It's not that different.

Not at all.

So anyone could be ghost.

I'm still solid.

You're such a poor girl.

You feel like solid matter.

Yeah, yeah.

Ghost.

All right.

Wise guy.

You're going to get haunted for that one.

Tell you that.

Why does a ghost need a beamer let alone tainted windows let alone a computer?

You got to, you got to stay.

You got to keep it fresh to death in the after after.

Oh my god.

Your ghost is kind of cool, man.

I know.

Wait, let's hear those last words.

I do want to hear those.

Oh yeah, that's right.

What's going on with that?

That's right.

And correct me if I'm wrong, Harris, because it's been a few weeks since we shot it.

But.

And as you're crumpling.

As I'm crumpling.

Oh, this is simultaneous.

Yeah, not the words.

And then all of a sudden a crumple.

Yeah, we're body mic'd.

So I don't have to say I can crumple on.

You have a, you threw a lav on that.

Can you, can you do the sound effect as I'm crumpling?

Yeah, of course.

Okay.

I forgot my keys.

What's that?

Here it comes.

Here she comes.

I got it.

I know the truth.

It's finally here.

And Rosebud.

Rosebud and then you fart.

But why you say that is more clear in that moment.

Oh, why do you say Rosebud at the?

Well you find out in the season finale.

Oh, okay.

Then we spoil it.

What, why do you find it out?

Because Ben had a cat named Rosebud who liked to ride on sleds on the exact same I city crumpled into.

But that's justification on the show.

In real life my dad had a cat named Rosebud.

And it sounds exactly what he said.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

So wait, he said that to you before you died.

Yes.

Okay.

Now I got to say even though I don't work there anymore a lot of people were fighting Harris on this in the room.

Okay, a lot of people were like we don't want it.

We think this is garbage.

It doesn't make sense.

It's too long.

The wind sounds it shouldn't be you just making them.

We should get like some sort of professional to do that.

Yeah.

With a farting.

I don't know.

The fart was a little crass like that.

That's real.

Your body actually does that when you die.

When you die.

Yeah.

And that's why farts and procreation in my opinion.

It's life and death exactly.

Yeah, exactly.

Farts.

You'd find when you die.

Procreation, kid, life, new.

Yeah.

It's like.

Harris is your girlfriend right now is pregnant not to change topics.

Yeah, she's 11 months pregnant.

That's crazy.

She's ready to go.

Get it out of there.

Yeah.

A couple more months and she'll be.

Yeah.

You must be excited slash terrified.

That's so scary.

It's so scary.

New fatherhood.

I tell you I don't envy you but at the same time I know where you've been.

Yeah.

I've been there.

We've all been there.

Girl.

Yeah.

No, I fucked your wife.

We fucked your wife.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Borat.

Your wife.

Yeah.

Your wife.

Everyone's wife.

Is she.

Do you do you do she live in Los Angeles?

No, no, actually she lives.

Which is the which pole?

The south pole.

Yeah.

She lives on the south pole.

How did you meet her?

Is she a penguin?

She has penguin traits.

Oh, because she lives among them.

So she.

Yeah, yeah.

So she waddles like.

Waddles speak.

Speak.

She speaks.

She is a beak.

Wait, it's a beak?

Is her last name?

This is beak.

It is.

Guys, I fucked a penguin.

Well, it is true that penguins sit on their eggs for 12 months before they die.

And it is true that they let humans fuck them.

Oh, for sure.

They don't have to let you.

I could overpower a penguin.

Are you sure?

I did overpower one.

Is she the did she was not into it?

She's a bird, she said.

Can you tell us all what the what a penguins butt tastes like?

It tastes like chicken.

Are you still a vegetarian?

Why would that affect it?

Well, you've eaten a penguins butt.

Oh, if you eat a penguins butt and you're, I guess that counts.

Wait, are you seriously a vegetarian?

I was before I ate a chicken, penguins butt.

But when you eat a butt, you don't actually eat it.

I did eat this one though.

Yeah.

Okay.

She's going to have your baby and she doesn't have a butt anymore.

Yes.

She must hate you.

Well, we're not speaking right now.

Are you ever going to meet this baby?

Did you ever speak quicker?

Did you have to talk?

Well, yeah, she said she's a bird.

She's a bird.

And we fucked a night eight or butt.

Why are you so real about parts of this?

It's all magical realism and then it's just straight real.

It's all straight real.

I am taking a sabbatical to go get the egg.

Okay.

How long is your sabbatical about two months?

Yeah, you got to go far as shit.

You're going to just get the egg and take it without waiting for a d'hatch or the penguin never gets the buttless penguin.

Yeah, she can't taste after.

She doesn't have a butt.

She can't taste after.

She doesn't have a butt.

I'm going to go push her over by her head.

Harris is not okay.

Wait, you have trouble with this made up situation.

This is really over a penguin.

By her head.

He's what's getting you.

He made a gesture with his hand in physical space of pushing it over.

It seems cute.

Is that penguin baby going to be half ghost?

I never thought about that.

Get on it.

Start thinking about it right now.

We have a month left until I got you.

Did you have sex with that penguin before you died or after ?

It was actually that's how I died was fucking this penguin.

Oh.

And my dad was there.

He could say that thing about Rosebud to me.

Then fart.

But I did die mid-coitus with this penguin.

So I don't know if my real sperm or co-sperm impregnated her.

Oh, because it could have been like in your bad's death.

What if it was a mixture of both so that your child is only one quarter ghost?

Like ghost dad?

Yeah.

Like just its closer real?

What's this now?

It's close to ghost dad.

I don't think I've ever heard any of those words before.

You know a ghost daddy you just see is clothes?

Oh, I thought you said it's closer real.

Oh, clothes, it's clothes are real.

It's closer real?

Listen, when you say clothes like clothing, do you pronounce the TH?

No, of course.

You don't.

You just say clothes.

Clothes.

Who says clothes?

Clothes time for that.

You just did.

I did make a non-point.

I thought you met when you said a closer real.

I thought you meant like a real foreign actor that's on the closer.

Yeah, that's what I thought too.

It's closer real.

Kids' clothes are real.

You know how every actor when they move to Hollywood, you know Adam, you're an actor.

For sure.

You know, as soon as you get here you got to make a closer real.

You got to get all the good age on the closer and then make a real.

Even if you're not on the closer, at least edit a real, like tape a lot of episodes of the closer and then film yourself on a green screen.

White collar also works if you.

Sure.

It's a real.

But you still call it a closer.

Yeah, you call it a real closer real.

Yeah, okay.

Guys, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have more.

We're coming back?

Yeah, why not?

We got more of this.

More Farts in Pro 2.

We'll be right back.

We're coming back.

I'm her mommy.

I know you're thinking it's crazy.

I look like I was 10 when I had her, especially down there.

You know what I mean?

So am I the China?

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

We're here with the gang.

Farts in Pro 2.

And you know, I mean, they say sequels don't live up to the original unless you're the Empire Strikes Back or Farts in Pro 2.

Or Kill Bill 2.

Oh man, that was a great sequel.

Godfather 3.

I do think it was.

Mm.

Got father 3.

Yeah.

With.

Rushmore 2.

Mm-hmm.

You know what we should have done?

We should have done a prequel.

We should have done it like the Star Wars prequels.

Those were successful.

And way better than the original.

Yeah.

We should have done one of those.

Next time let's do a prequel.

Okay.

That's cool.

That'd be.

We'll have to write for it for years.

Yeah, it'd be next level though.

Chelsea, you and I did something and we want to talk about this, right?

We want to debut this.

Yeah.

Okay.

Can you describe sort of everything leading up in your life to the moment that we created this?

I feel like I was coming from somewhere but I don't know where.

I should say I have a very bad memory.

We were at UCB.

Okay.

And you I believe you do a spot on the weekly UCB show.

On your wonderful show.

Mm-hmm.

And then I'll bang bang.

Bang bang.

And then we, what happened?

We were hyper.

We were happy to see each other.

We hadn't seen each other in a while.

It was a reunion of sorts.

Yeah.

We were kind of frolic and a ram.

To describe it a lot, a lot of people went to high school.

Okay.

And then 10 years later they all get back together and they have a reunion.

This was a lot like that.

But we got to remove all the stakes.

Sure.

No high school.

It wasn't 10 years.

We'd maybe seen each other a couple.

And we'd seen each other pretty recently.

Yeah.

So you guys went to high school ago?

Yeah.

You're not getting exactly what I'm saying about this.

But where was this reunion?

What high school was it?

Oh shit.

Oh boy.

Might have been a mistake.

Hello.

So we're at the, we're at the UCB.

We're hyped up.

We start.

We're hyped up on Coke.

We start creating.

Is that fair to say?

Yeah.

We, we used our voices as a palette.

It's hard for us to, to just not create every second of the day.

You know?

Also it's like with comedians it's always that thing where it's like sometimes you're super on and sometimes you're not.

It was one of those nights where both of us were on the same night and we were kind of rocking and rolling.

We were riffing.

And it was one of those things where it was just like both of us.

It's like when you're doing mushrooms.

Have you ever done mushrooms?

Adam have you ever done mushrooms?

Are we recording?

No.

Yes.

I have.

Okay.

And like it feels like your cheeks are flying at like.

Adam.

Is that what you're supposed to feel when you're on mushrooms?

Yeah.

If you ain't, you ain't tricked dicks.

So anyway, spirits were high and we were in the riff zone and I said, you know, we're in the middle of riffing this crazy song.

And by the way, we're not, sorry.

Adam.

I'm sorry.

The riff sound.

Oh, okay.

You ever been there brother?

Apparently not.

By the way, we are not musicians.

We should no qualify this all by saying we're not musicians .

I don't know why we started making such amazing music.

I don't know.

It was just, we're not qualified.

We're not trained.

It was like we were in the shower.

You know when you're in the shower and it's like your voice sounds really good.

You guys were in a shower because wait, is this a high score reunion that took place in a shower?

I don't understand.

No.

Like in the locker room, we were in the green room at UCB.

There's a shower in there.

UCB.

Oh man.

Gosh.

But let me just your teacher.

Besser?

We were teaching each other how to riff.

Yes.

We're in the riff zone.

And I've never went to music school.

You mean me either.

As far as that.

Yeah, you've never went to music school.

I don't know how.

We're not actually each other's hair.

What?

Did you wash each other's hair?

Well, wait, wait.

The shower.

What did you say?

In the shower reunion.

And before that.

Did you wash?

Oh, all right.

So what we wanted to debut is a record.

We were prescient enough to make a recording of it, knowing that it would need to stand the test of time.

Yeah.

You know?

I'm trying to think of a classic album where it was like people knew in the studio it was like electric where they're like, this is going to hit and it's going to hit hard.

It's going to go straight to know.

It's going to go straight to the studio.

There's still a cross table.

There's some bleed on these mics.

I feel like you going and saying you're spectacle about it is not cool right now.

We should go in with an open mind and listen to what they 've created.

I'm sorry.

They're not even saying he's not a musician.

I know.

I understand.

It's going to be garbage.

It's actually great.

It's really good.

It's going to be a good one.

Let me turn your mics back on.

I have to say.

Are you excited?

Do you think it's going to be good?

It's going to be a good one.

Do you think it's going to be a good one?

It's going to be a good one.

You said you were both on that night?

Yes.

You're right.

No bit.

Thank you.

The lyrics, the recording, I didn't think you'd get sound like that in the UCB shower.

There's just something about that space that's magical.

That was crazy good.

Yeah.

It's garbage.

When I thought, this is super catchy, the verse ended and then the chorus started.

I was like, oh my God, now the real hook digs in.

What's interesting about the difference between the verse and the chorus is there's just a guy doing me in the chorus .

First you hear the verse and then you hear the chorus and it's just a guy doing beatboxing.

That wasn't just regular drums.

That wasn't Neil Pert.

Are you shitting me right now? That wasn't Neil Pert from Rush.

No, we thought about calling him and then I was just like, let's just lay it down and we can over dub him if we need it.

We just heard it back and we were like, there's something about the scratch track.

There's something about the character to this that we're not going to be able to replicate.

That's huge.

Can you turn the mic off for one second?

Yeah, no problem, guys.

That was shit.

That was really terrible.

Garbage.

But you mean what do you mean by garbage?

They sounded really good, like the band garbage.

I loved it.

And it was good like shit, like creamy shit.

And I was saying, I said it was terrible because it reminds me of that band terrible.

Yeah, yeah.

They were fucking awesome.

Steve Albanian.

All right, cool, cool.

Can I turn your mics back on?

Yeah, yeah.

Hey, have you ever heard of that band terrible that Steve Albanian was in?

Wait a second.

What?

That's a real band terrible.

Yeah, yeah.

That's so good.

And there's really a guy named Steve Albanian.

Oh, guys, thank you so much.

And it was really good.

Thank you so much.

And I'm just excited for people to hear it.

And it's out there now and we can't take it back.

But at the same time, I don't want to take it back.

I just didn't like excited for people to hear it.

I didn't like it.

I didn't.

Chelsea.

Scott Lynch.

Now that we have gotten that out there, I have to ask you a question.

Yeah.

By the way, guys, it's out there now.

It's crazy.

Yeah, so get used to it.

By the way, Adam, I want to compliment you.

Thank you.

And just say how great it is to hear the flip side of the argument about technology that we instigated 10 months ago.

Because 10 months ago, you were wondering if our lives have changed for the better.

We were talking about how we contacted each other through email and didn't even pick up a phone.

Right.

And you were wondering...

A phone?

What did you just say?

Did you save a phone or a phone?

Well, what if I said a phone?

What would happen?

Nothing.

Chelsea, I have to ask you, since our first time that we got together, you had some wonderful corrects.

Oh, yes.

Yeah.

Last time you were here, we can just run through some of them.

Or do you want to talk about which ones you did?

Do they have updates?

Or can I talk about which ones you did last time?

New slate.

Okay.

So last time you did the curious Latina who was engaged in some Browning fortune.

You did Claire, the vegetarian robot who married Persephone .

Oh, yeah.

You did the woman who thinks everything is interesting except for what Adam says.

Oh, right.

And you also did the tired lady who was never slept and was born at 6 a.m.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Good characters.

Thank you.

It's a pretty full roster right now.

I got to be honest.

Sometimes I don't know if I'm in or out of character.

If this were the Lakers, I'd be Kobe.

Yeah.

You'd be Kobe.

You'd be the leader.

You'd be, you know, pointing at people and going, ah, get over there, get over there.

Right.

Shoot that ball.

All my characters are the equivalent of a buzzer beater.

Steve Blake.

So tell us about these characters.

What who are the new ones?

Who do you got?

Do you want to debut them right now?

Sure.

We just debuted two true Monferaire and now we have.

So this is a very interactive one.

I can't remember if they were at all interactive last time, but this one is a list.

They were very interactive last time.

Okay.

Yeah.

So this first one is not interactive.

Oh.

He is a bit of a wild man.

Okay.

Oh, so changing sex.

Yeah.

It's a guy.

Harrison going to ask you to pay attention to this.

He's writing, he's transcribing everything I'm saying.

Oh, okay.

I didn't know.

So the Smithsonian.

By the way, if you want a transcription of the show then just contact her.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We're actually not releasing this in audio form.

It's going to be a book.

I'm going to text it to whoever wants one.

I have a flight in two hours.

Listen, that's true.

And roughly.

Oh, you have a red eye tonight?

No, I'm leaving in the morning.

Oh, you have to get to sleep for a flight in two hours.

I probably won't be able to.

I haven't packed yet.

Oh, man.

Anyway, listen.

Okay.

This guy, he's a wild man.

He's a free spirit.

Okay.

All right.

He's always thinking on a different plane than his friends.

Okay.

So, I mean, should I just start?

I mean, the floor is yours.

All right.

So, he's someone who is always going to be saying to his friends stuff like this.

Okay.

You're trapped, man.

You're trapped.

What are you doing, man?

You have to use a doorknob.

You're trapped.

Open a door with your mind, brother.

You're trapped.

Wow.

So, he's like enlightened.

Yeah.

He's always like, he's wearing a trench coat a lot of times .

Doesn't like, but he wears like a colorful scarf and stuff.

And he just is always seeing new ways around things.

Okay.

I would say the irony with that character is if he's trying to open doorknobs with his mind, he's the one he's trapped most of the time.

Because he's stuck in a room.

Physically, you're thinking on a physical level, he's metaphysical.

Different plane.

Thank you.

So, like she's getting on a different plane now?

Yeah, she missed her fucking flight because she's the line of questioning.

Sorry.

Who cares?

All right.

So, that's a great, that's a, that's a, that's a, I would say, if not a home run, at least in, you know, one of those out of the ground.

I'm trapped, man.

I don't even think in terms of home runs, man.

It's a baseball, bro.

What is it?

Basketball?

We're all organisms, man.

It's not a sport at all.

You're trapped.

Okay.

See, I like the, the encore of that.

I brought it right back.

That we're done, though.

But that's like my friend's name.

Duns, I'm Washington.

Have you said that to him before?

All the time he cracks up.

He's always a, he's a big L.O.L. or.

Yeah.

That's sad.

Anyhow, next character.

So, this one is someone who, like, you know how kids when they first learn how to say no?

That's just such a big, exciting thing for these kids.

These kids?

Yeah.

That those three kids that are standing in the corner?

Yeah.

Like when they're like, oh, you can say you don't want things like, but if you, you're supposed to say it polite or whatever.

Okay.

This one is interactive.

Okay.

So.

What do you need from us?

You.

To respond genuinely?

Say like, all right, it's down.

You have to say it.

Okay.

Here we go.

All right.

Here we go.

Ready?

Do you want me to come on your tits?

No, thank you.

Not to be a bummer, but you know, strippers and porn stars at times.

And porn stars at talking that high pitch voice.

They do it because that's the age they were molested.

Wait, is that it?

Hold on.

Is that qualified?

Does that qualify as foam?

No, that's a fact.

Oh, I think it deserves.

I think it deserves the theme.

It's really sad.

Yeah.

I'll take it though.

What?

Come on.

Great.

It's a foam corner.

Chas, do you have another one or was that it?

That was it.

Oh, very nice.

That's it.

Well done.

Let me take one more break.

Well done.

When we come back, we're going to look at the return of Jackson Jr. and Brian P.C. pieces.

Sorry.

Comedy Bang Bang right after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with the Farks and Pro 2 crew.

And we have something really special right now.

Harris and Adam, you guys used to work at the Third City Theatre Thursday through Sunday morning shows at 8 a.m.

Yeah, in Shai Shai.

Yes.

In the...

Shai Shai Coggin.

In a show called Creek Slam Sit, the Jackson Jr. and Brian P.C. story.

Or I can't remember the title.

I don't fucking know.

Wait, why wouldn't you know about this?

Listen, man.

Every show had a different title.

I don't know.

I got belligerent about it.

That's interesting because not every show is going to be the same.

I mean, you may as well just watch a movie if it's going to be the same.

Every play should be titled something different because each performance is different.

And that's exactly what we thought.

I understand.

That's what makes it so special to see something in a live theatre because of something living and breathing right there in the room with you.

I can't...

I'm getting you worked out, but I don't need to do that because we don't have a lot more time.

But I do want to check back in with these characters.

Are you willing to dive back into them?

Is that comfortable for you?

I didn't know we were going to do this.

Yeah, I actually got to say, Scott.

We kind of retired them after we got the E-God.

Oh, yeah.

The Emmy, the Grammy, the Oscar, the Tony.

Yeah.

But...

Oh, the Timmy.

Wait, what is the Timmy now?

Oh, Tim Allen's...

He hosts his own little award show in his mansion.

Oh, okay.

And it wasn't an Emmy.

It was an E-D.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

E-D. Gourmet?

No, Falco, right?

Oh, the Falco's.

Yeah, yeah.

It was actually not an...

It was an Oscar de la Horta.

But you didn't win the Falco?

No, we actually lost the Falco.

Two.

To Amadeus.

Yeah.

Like, that's two- Every year that guy fucking takes it down.

I tell you, it's like it's rigged.

Oh, boy.

Well, anyway, guys...

The Grammy was real.

Yeah, we got it.

It was a real graham cracker.

From your grandmother.

Yeah.

Given to us by our Grammys.

Do you know how good a graham cracker sounds to me right now?

How good?

How fucking die to eat that.

You could eat it.

You'd be dead.

A lot like you, Harris.

That's true.

You're not allowed to...

I can't eat graham crackers.

That's the one rule.

That's one thing that changes when you die.

Too bad.

You can eat all other foods, though, right?

Yeah, anything.

You can even eat graham crackers from Trader Joe's because they're not technically called graham crackers.

You could even eat like a column there.

I think they're called like, trader grammys or something.

Could you eat a penguins butt?

Yeah, I did.

You can.

So you ate the butt after you died.

Because you had...

Oh, yeah.

I died during sex and then I was a ghost when I ate the chicken butt.

Were you so interested?

You did kind of chicken that penguin must hate you.

Were you so enraged to be a come a ghost?

I had to kind of think of the girl.

I used to call out her a chicken's name a lot.

I fucked a lot of chickens before I fucked this.

That penguin was like so a next level up to your up.

So guys, I know that you don't...

You retired these characters, but...

We have...

I'm going to have to insist that you guys do them one last time.

Well look.

Because I mean, we all remember these characters.

If you haven't heard the first episode that these guys did these characters on, they're two people.

It's Jack's Jr. and Brian pieces.

They both work at Carl's Lumber, which is Jack's dad's store.

Yeah.

Carl's hamburgers too.

Carl's Jr.

Oh, we get to that.

But they're the only two employees.

Okay.

Jack did payroll and HR.

Yeah.

The lion's share of the hiring and the firing.

And Brian handles the wood and the Pinewood Derby cars for the Cub Scouts.

Which they make 12 a year.

12 a year.

Yeah.

And there's a thousand of them in one container.

Yes.

No one works at Carl's Jr.'s hamburgers.

Right.

Carl's Jr. hamburger store.

Which is their sister store, which a stack of lumber and X- tree fell on Carl Jack's father and killed him during an argument regarding whether or not they should sell hamburgers at their sister store, Carl's Jr.'s hamburgers.

Jack you have three girls, age 30, age two and age 35.

Yes.

And Brian, your wife, Patrice's, is Jack's sister.

Yes.

And that's how you got the job.

Meanwhile, Jack, your wife, Marjorie, is Brian's sister and you guys had never met.

Right.

And Brian's father's name was Reese's.

Yeah.

You guys have known each other for four, teen years.

Yes.

And six days earlier, 10 months ago, Brian had slept with his sister Marjorie and Jack slept with his sister Patrice's, after which you each called the police on the other one.

The wives ran, had their money stash buried, and now you're suing each other.

Does that properly encapsulate everything that happened?

That's 10 months ago, yeah.

10 months ago.

And we want to check back in with these guys.

Okay.

A few need to.

Okay.

Here we go.

So, do we need a creek slam sit or?

Yeah.

Green.

Slam.

Sit.

Hey.

Hey guys.

Hey, how's it going?

Hey, Jack and Brian.

You actually got to go.

I hate to, I hate to chat and run.

Or not even chat.

Yeah.

I don't think this qualifies as a chat necessarily.

I mean, we've just said hello's.

We have to go.

You have to go somewhere?

Well, at the hamburger store, we have to get up really early to start sorting all of the wood.

We get up at trees.

We get up at 11 p.m.

You guys now work at the hamburger store?

We have to wake up in zero minutes.

So, we have to go to sleep first.

Yeah.

Just so we can technically wake up for work.

Interesting.

So, you work at the hamburger store?

A lot's changed in 10 months.

You work at the hamburger store now.

Well, we call it the hamburger store.

But we still, so it's not Carl, the junior's hamburgers.

We just, you just call the other one.

You call the other one.

And it's not even called that officially.

We call it the hamburger store.

Right.

Okay.

So, that must get confusing being as the name of the other sister store.

And it's not, it's not the hamburger store as in, you can buy hamburgers there.

It's a hamburger store.

It's where we store all of our hamburgers that we're going to use when we finally open.

Yeah.

It's like a hamburger storage.

Got it.

So, okay.

So, it's a lot like you have cut off.

You're abbreviating that word storage.

Yes.

That's cool.

Yes.

I like that.

Okay.

Do you have to go?

Yeah.

Also, Marjorie and Patrice did a murder suicide yesterday.

We really have to go.

We'll be very relieved.

I'll see you later.

I'll see you.

Oh, okay.

I mean, stand up.

Slam.

Bye guys.

Uh, Chelsea, how have you been?

Uh, okay, great.

Hey, Brian.

Yeah.

So, Jack had to leave, but you're staying?

Yeah, Jack, Jack had to take off.

I have to take off pretty soon too.

But I just wanted to make sure you guys were doing all right.

We're doing great.

I mean, I feel bad.

Are you grieving right now?

I mean, the last time.

About what?

Well, I mean, Marjorie and Patrice's both committed suicide yesterday.

Yeah.

Great.

Slam, sit.

Hey.

Who's this?

Brian.

What's going on?

Uh, I got the car running for a minute.

Yeah.

That's a long time to have a car running.

We have to go to work.

Sorry, Jack.

I was just making sure everyone was okay in here.

Okay, but we work eight hours away.

Yeah, and we have to wake up in zero minutes.

I know that the...

Yeah.

I'm glad though that we have, um, Patrice's ghost driving us to work so we can get some just a little bit of sleep before we have to be at work.

So, wait.

Hold on a second.

I'm sorry.

Your wife's ghost drives you guys to work now?

My sister.

Yeah.

With whom you've had sex.

Yeah, I guess so.

Wait.

You seem constantly surprised by that fact.

You were surprised by it 10 months ago.

I think it's one of those things where you get so in shock about something that you kind of just block it out.

Yeah.

That is my sister.

She's your sister and his wife.

Yeah.

And our ghost.

Our chauffeur ghost.

Yeah.

Ghost fur.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

It's a lot like that movie.

Yeah.

Ghost dad.

Yeah.

Where you can see his, um, close a reel.

Close a reel.

And then, um, uh, my former wife, uh, uh, Marjorie?

Yeah.

Marjorie.

The penguin?

No, no, no, no.

That's, uh, those are what you're talking about.

Yeah.

She's a, she's a person.

Uh, what she was a person.

She was your, your, what, uh, she was your sister with whom you've had sex as well.

Oh, yeah.

Holy shit.

You think that maybe you both having ancestral relationships with each other's wives is what drove them to this suicide pact?

Yeah.

A follow up question.

Does she have a job on your team?

She.

Much like how Patrice is your ghost fur.

Um, well, we haven't found a play.

She's still just a body, a dead body.

And she's in the, in the front seat of the car out front.

She's slow to become a ghost.

No, I don't know the rules of, of how that.

I don't either.

The other one, she's in charge now of, uh, flipping the burgers and the lumber.

But I thought that, okay, is the burgers you're storing?

The burgers and the storage, it's important to flip the frozen patties.

Yeah.

So, otherwise the frost.

Otherwise the frost gets too frosty.

Yeah.

The funny thing, if I, if I made something really funny that happened, um, having to do with the murder suicide is that, uh, Patrice's, uh, murdered, marjory and then said, um, she was going to kill herself.

And I'm just, I'm telling, uh, Jack this because he did, he doesn't know.

Oh, okay.

And she said, I'm going to kill myself now.

And she didn't.

She just didn't kill herself.

So she's still alive.

So it's actually not her ghost that's been chuffering us around.

It's actually, um, Patrice's is still alive.

She's still alive and Marjory is, is that explains why Marj ory hasn't gotten a spot on the team.

Yeah.

She, she's passed on and, and, uh, this is horrible.

I mean, it's great.

It's kind of you.

It's kind of funny though.

It's my sister.

Yeah.

And we both like her very, very much.

Yes.

So, okay.

Well, this is a lot of.

So she's still alive.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

For, for you, Brian, your wife is still alive.

Um, I'm sorry for you, Jack.

Well, I wouldn't, it's a kind of a win lose.

Yeah.

I mean, you definitely, which is which?

Well, I don't like that, uh, my sister is still alive.

Mm.

But I do like that my wife is dead.

Okay.

A classic win with this.

Yes.

So I have to go.

Okay.

You know what?

I should probably get out of here.

Really?

Yeah.

Like right away.

So we literally have to drive to Ontario.

Oh, that's where the hamburger store is.

Yeah.

But the longer store is in Venezuela.

Can you sleep the eight hours in the car?

Like why do you have to wake up right away to drive to work ?

I mean, Patrice's is driving.

Well, I'm not going to trust a ghost.

She's not a ghost anymore.

Eight.

Of course.

We do a lot of work in the car.

Wow.

What kind of work?

Because as far as I know, Jack here is doing HR, a lot of hiring and firing of which there is none.

Right.

But there's none because I do a good job on the way to work .

We keep a lot of wood in the car too, so we can sort and...

I'm literally missing my flight right now.

I mean, uh, yeah.

We should just go.

Yeah.

You're coming with me?

Yeah.

You're all good.

You guys are coming to Ottawa?

Yeah.

Wow.

Thanks so much, you guys.

Thanks for having us back.

Wait a minute.

That's it.

See you.

Stand up.

Stand up, slam, creek.

Wow.

Oh my God.

That was it, huh?

Yeah.

That was it.

Huh?

Weird.

Should we debut our...

Because Eris and I have a couple...

New characters.

Yeah.

Oh, you have some new characters.

Thank you, man.

Oh, no wonder you wanted to get out of those skins.

Yeah, we have new characters.

Okay.

These are two guys.

Okay.

Did you read it?

And...

Two guys?

Anything more needs to be said about them?

No, they're two guys.

They're just two guys.

So two males.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay, ready?

Okay, great.

Here we go.

Debut of two new cracks.

Slam.

Open.

Slam.

Open.

Can't seem to make up his mind.

Slam.

Open.

Just walk in.

Sit down.

Keep her opening and closing the door so many times.

Yeah, I mean, this place is air-conditioned.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I have OCD.

Oh, okay.

I understand.

Everyone has their problems.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Hi.

Hey.

Hi.

You're a male.

You're a guy.

Yeah, we're two guys.

Okay.

Hey.

How are you?

My name's Blaze.

His name's Blaze.

Hey, Blaze.

What's your name?

Scott Ockerman.

Hi, Scott.

Hi.

What's your name?

Sarah.

Hi, Sarah.

I'm Blaze.

Oh, okay.

That's funny.

I'm Blaze.

Oh, that was funny.

Oh, thank you.

Blaze, and what's your name?

Rodney.

It's Rodney Og.

But my friends call me Rod Og.

Rod Dog.

Okay.

Yeah.

Hey, Blaze.

Hey, Rod Dog.

How's it going?

Great.

Can I just say that you guys are both males?

You're both.

Yeah, you're both.

Neither of you are women.

Yeah, okay.

Yeah.

Through and through?

Full on dudes.

Through and through.

Cool.

So what's up with you?

What's your story?

What happened?

Chelsea.

Why do we talk about it?

I mean, you guys are strangers to us.

Maybe we should hear about you.

Yeah, it seems kind of intense to just say that to someone.

Yeah, but you just met.

Blaze won't snow what you're dealing with.

So who are you?

It's Rod Og.

I don't know who Blaze is, and I definitely don't know who Rod Og is.

Rod me on.

These friends call him Rod Og.

I bet they do.

Yeah, they do.

Are we your friends yet?

No.

I'm Rod knee to you.

Okay, Rod knee.

Well, why don't you tell us what your deal is?

We work for our livings.

Yeah.

What our living deal is?

Yeah, I mean, just what's your life like?

Oh, well, we, I guess the nuts and bolts we work at, you know, those little things on headphones, like little plastic things that slide up and down to keep the headphones kind of together so they don't tangle.

Yeah.

To keep the blue streams either apart or together.

We call them blue streams or just wires.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

So I guess I don't know that much about headphones.

Well, it takes clearly.

They're called, they're called climpins.

All right, Blaze.

Well, you don't have to be so hot.

You don't know shit about climpins.

You probably don't know a lot about my stuff.

You put a climpin on a blue stream, slide it up and down.

All right.

And so you know, we take some machine to make those.

Okay.

We make the machines that make those machines.

Oh, okay.

We call them a, we call them the, the climpin, we call it a machine.

Because what it's the.

No, Climpin.

I'm sorry.

Yes, they're named after him.

So you're not that far off.

I love him.

Yeah, he's the best.

He's like the first black president.

And he played sax on our sin.

Yeah.

When he died for our sin, when he was campaigning for his first run up by first, I mean, the second one in 96.

Sure.

He came by, I don't know what you mean.

He came by the factory and, and said, Hey, that's a great gadget.

You got going there.

And we thought, well, we should name this after him.

But we thought his name was Bill Clinton.

And we love Bill Plimpton's cartoons too.

And Martha Plimpton was also a dear friend of yours at the time.

I heard.

Yes.

Yeah.

You know, you totally know about us.

All right.

Well, I just put it together.

Your blaze and.

Rod, Nia.

Rod, Rod, Rod, Rod.

Don't.

Yeah.

I think we have a mutual friend.

Who is it?

Um, Charlize.

My, do you know a girl named Charlize, like a blonde girl?

One of my good friends.

I only know one Charlize and she's a movie star.

I know Charlie's heen.

Yeah, it's Charlie's heen.

Charlie's, Charlie's heen.

Charlie's heen.

Charlie's that how you say it?

Sheen.

Charlie's heen.

Yeah.

Charlie's heen.

Yeah.

That's how you say it.

Okay.

Is he her Armenian?

Yes.

Charlie's heen.

Charlie's sheen.

So, we are friends with him.

Oh yeah.

He said a bunch of stuff about you guys.

Not all of it.

No.

What do you say that was bad?

He said like you guys are bah-hogs in basketball.

When you guys play like, on weekends.

He said, I remember he said, Ra dogs a bah-hog.

Yeah.

And he said that Martha Plimpton hanged out with you, but she didn't really like you.

That's rough.

He said.

That's really shitty of him.

What the fuck?

That's rough.

That's really shitty of him.

What the fuck?

That's really rough.

Why would he say that?

That's just, that's hurtful.

So guys, what are you, what are you doing here?

Oh boy.

She's, I can't tell she's crying because of that information she imparted.

I'm about to cry.

I love Martha Plimpton.

I don't like knowing she doesn't like us.

What'd she do?

She had a breakdown.

Raising Hope, Martha Plimpton?

Nope.

Don't own a TV.

Don't own a home.

Oh.

Yeah.

Well at least your priorities are in order.

We live in the, in the, in the Climpton factory.

So you live where you work?

Is it a work live situation?

Yeah I just said we live in the Climpton factory.

I live work situation.

Literally 5 a.m.

Oh we gotta go to work.

How do you know?

How many hours of sleep are we gonna get now?

Yeah how do you get it?

How do you know when you're working and when you're living?

Well we actually have a rule.

If you're working you always have to have like a hard hat on.

If you're living you always have to have a margarita.

That's a great rule.

Just for life for anyone out there.

Yeah.

I think that's a great rule.

Actually our first album is called Artats and Margaritas.

Wait you guys are musicians?

Yeah.

We have a bunch of album.

I didn't know that.

Wait.

Blaze and Rodog?

I had no idea.

Yeah.

It's in Margaritas.

Artats and Margaritas.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well um.

And what?

You should tell them the name of our second album.

So the name of our second album.

Have you ever seen like a sunset?

Mmm-mm.

What is it?

Oh sorry.

Shit.

Well.

What is one?

It's actually it's fine.

The album is called You Gotta Check Out a Sunset.

So I guess that definitely applies to you guys.

And parentheses if you haven't seen one.

Yeah.

Blaze I'm gonna have to insist that you give us the name of your third record.

Yeah you got to man.

Oh the third record.

When was the last time you guys went on like a super long walk through a city and then just to the outskirts where it turns into either the woods, the desert or just like walking right into the ocean.

Just depending on where the city is.

I love that title.

That's amazing.

Yeah.

Wow.

It's a couple of years ago.

Yeah.

I gotta get back to my kids.

How many kids do you have?

12.

What are their ages?

One.

You must have had a crazy month on eight.

So wait you had you had I don't even know what to call eleven identical.

No there might not be identical.

You could have impregnated eleven women.

Oh no I didn't.

I wasn't eleven attempts eleven attempts to impregnate your wife once.

Eleven to template.

Okay.

Eleven to template.

And then an eight year old.

Wow.

Your little Mary.

Your old is the mother.

No.

No she's not.

You have time to take that back.

You can take it back right now.

We give you one take back in your improv.

We had her.

We had her artificially anticipated.

You have one take back reminder.

Why did that sex with her?

We still got that reminder floating out there.

I did have sex with her.

But we did put eggs and semen.

But raw eggs.

OTB.

We.

So we did incubate the eleven children inside of her.

So also as a factory we can do that.

Yeah.

As a Clemson factory.

It's sort of a medical.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well improv shows would be good if you allowed every performer one take back.

I say no take back.

What's an improv show?

See you know now I'm talking about things that you don't know about and I'm not getting all hottie on you anyway.

You know I wish we could play you guys a track from I don't know if you've ever taken a walk like through a city all the way through until it goes to like either the forest, a desert.

We could do a rockerpola.

Straight into the ocean.

You said we do have the other.

The city is.

I think there is a clip from one of your albums.

Do you want to bust a rockerpola right now?

Yeah sure.

Alright.

Do you know when you take a walk?

To the city.

Whether it will be the right to the forest.

To the best of luck.

True mom.

That's from our fourth album.

Okay.

Great.

Why?

That's a good track.

You like it?

I love it.

It's like garbage to me.

I actually heard that it was someone we're actually in a lawsuit right now.

Because people stole it.

Well, they're serving whoever stole it.

They put it online.

How are they serving them?

Like are they going to wait outside their place?

No, I like Applebee's.

They're serving them.

So instead of a menu, they get a subpoena?

Yeah.

Okay.

But the subpoena has food items on it.

And good deals.

Just like all good subpoenas.

Have you ever gotten a subpoenas?

Where the subpoena is written on the penis?

I, well, my last lawyer actually did say that that's what that was.

He said this is what a subpoenas is.

Have you accepted it?

Yeah, yeah, I was divorcing my wife and he just rammed you.

Yeah.

How many times have you been married, Rodog?

Well, between 777.

It's 777.

Wow, Blaze knows you so well.

777.

We've been working together.

Hey, ask me how many cars I have.

How many cars do you have?

Two.

Yeah, I have two cars.

You guys remind me of these other two guys I know.

Who is that?

Wait, let us guess.

Brad Pitt.

Ed River Phoenix.

One dad, one alive.

Is that who?

Tell us.

No, it's these guys, Brian and never heard of them.

Really?

I didn't even say the second name.

First of all, we've never let you up a Brian.

What is that?

It's a human name.

Never heard it.

I find that hard to leave.

Sounds stupid.

Well, guys, it's so great to get to meet you guys.

You guys are really...

It's so great to get through the first third of this podcast.

What's a podcast?

Yeah, I don't understand.

Oh.

Do you know about anything over there?

Why do you guys have headphones on?

Are you listening to tunes?

I'm going to show you a picture of yourself right now that 's going to blow your fucking mind.

A picture?

What's that?

We don't know about anything over the headphones.

What ear is it?

What is a ear?

Ah, Touche.

You know what that is?

Touche?

You didn't raise any headphones about it?

I have no questions.

What's a Che?

Yeah, you know what to do with the Touche?

I know what to do with the Touche.

How are there two of them?

Touche?

Touche Guevara was...

Was what?

Was a leader about Touche.

I actually know he wasn't.

What was he?

Go on.

He was a revolutionary.

He was a highlight player.

He was a revolutionary point maker.

Touche Guevara.

I think we definitely need to go.

I'm not going to argue with you.

So guys, it's been an honor meeting you.

It really has.

I would salute you.

What's that?

It's where a person puts their hand to their forehead.

Have you heard of the army?

What's that?

What is that?

You're pointing at each other.

You don't know what each other are?

It's your friend.

It's your live work friend.

It's dark at our factory.

What's that?

Is this the first time you've been in a room with the lights on?

Have you ever seen mail with the movie?

Sure.

No, it's like we're a lot like that.

Oh, okay.

No, I've seen Give Me a Break starring No Carter.

Oh, yeah, we're like that too.

Okay, great, great.

So you don't know what each other are.

We're males, you're guys.

Male or male men.

You are?

Yeah.

Okay.

Male men.

Is that what it's called?

What we do?

Is that how are you guys?

Is our friends?

Anton, oil, paste, shing, shing, shing, shing.

Shao!

Oh, and all of a sudden he knows Italian.

These are awesome.

And seen.

Wow.

Good character, guys.

Those are the new ones.

Oh my God.

We've been working on those for a while.

Those are so good.

And I don't see that lightly, you know?

It's like obviously I consider myself at the top of the art form.

I agree.

But I feel like you guys- Obviously you do.

You really mapped out these characters to where it's like I never felt like there's any moment you didn't know where these guys' heads would be at.

We don't want to waste people's time.

Right.

And you don't.

You didn't.

We like to get right to it.

You didn't just now.

Yeah, and we like to wrap it up really quickly too.

Yeah.

So yeah.

A lot of comedians like to go around and find their fucking way.

Leave them wanting more.

So get to the point and get the fuck out.

Yes.

They got their asses in the seats.

We got them there.

Let's give it to them.

Let's move them out.

Let's move them out to the next show going.

Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.

Yeah.

Guys, it's Hollywood nights.

It's really late and we just have one last thing to do and that is the little something that we call poll hugs.

It's C-C-C-C-C-P-LUGS.

Ooh, ooh, ooh.

I think I like this.

I'm thinking about like that.

Oh, that is a great theme.

That is Nate Appel with Plug's Theme July 12.

If you have a Plug's Theme for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plug section, then go head over to earwolf.com under the Comedy Bang Bang message boards and put it in the appropriate thread.

And you can be famous for a week and Nate, you are famous for this week and this week only.

Thank you so much.

And before we get to the plugs, I want to give a shout out to Mark Rayner who donated $100 to earwolf.

Thank you so much, Mark.

Your money is what keeps us going.

Harris, what do we got?

Look out for this album, Heart Hats and Margaritas.

Some friends of yours made?

Yeah, some cool dudes.

But honestly, watch Parks and Rec when it comes on whenever the shit.

Oh, and your The Humblebrack book comes out September 25th.

Oh, which I saw the thank you section.

And I think it's okay to mention.

You're in there.

I've been thanked in a lot of books and in a lot of albums.

And yours is the most recent.

So thank you so much.

That was a very warm sentiment.

Thank you.

You deserve it.

Thanks.

Humblebrack book comes out September.

But you can pre-order it right now.

Yeah, you can pre-order at D's nuts.

That's not cool.

Adam, what do you have?

I wanted to plug this album.

I don't know if you've ever taken a walk through a city all the way till you get to the edge where you go through the city all the way to the forest or the desert or a parking lot or right out straight into the ocean wherever the city may be.

And where can we buy that?

Where can't you buy it?

I can answer that.

Libraries.

Wendy's.

Okay, fine.

Mailbox.

You can't buy it at a meeting.

Hey, the last one.

He's had a record still.

Yeah, he can't buy it there.

iTunes as well.

He can't buy it.

It doesn't sound like you can buy it anywhere.

Amazon is not available.

Any record store?

Yeah, you can.

Oh, okay.

Wow.

Does it exist?

Yeah, it exists.

Yeah, you can buy it anywhere.

But you can buy it anywhere.

Okay.

So I look for that everywhere.

Okay.

It's not great.

Chelsea, what do you have?

I'm Bloomington, Indiana, the comedy addict, the 12th through the 14th of July.

I'm going to be just for laughs in Montreal at some point that the last week of July.

The last week of July, right?

What's that festival for?

Comedy.

And I'll also be.

That's for laughs.

I'm doing a bunch of Aziz's dates opening for him.

So go to azizinsory.com and you can.

No, go to Chelseavpready.

Twitter.

Dot Twitter.

I'll post my dates.

I never update my website calendar.

Thank you.

Bye.

And you're one of America's great standups.

Yes.

I am going on tour myself with comedy bang bang going on tour.

We have first of all, see you in San Diego this Sunday.

We're doing a warm update out there at Comic Con.

So I'll see you out there.

And then the tour starts in earnest on July 29th in Minnesota.

Going to Minnesota, Chicago just sold out.

Oh, by the way, San Diego is sold out now.

Chicago just sold out adding a second show.

Going to Seattle, Portland, San Francisco.

You're announcing sold out shows.

That's what you're plugging.

I'm trying to give people the impetus that they need to buy tickets if they're going to go to some of these other shows.

Boston.

You heard about, oh, LA.

LA's going to be a great show.

Someone in this room might be on it.

I feel like.

It's me.

Where are you going to play in LA?

A place called the Unitarian Church, a new venue.

Yes.

And it's going to be a really interesting show.

We're going to do.

Yes.

You'll call later.

Yes.

I planned to that.

Yes.

It's going to be a really interesting show.

I'm going to have different people in different dates.

I'm going out with Matt Besser for a while.

James Adomene is going to be on most of the dates.

No, all of the dates.

Oh, everything except Vancouver.

Vancouver is going to be special.

Vancouver, you're getting a special show, which I can't talk about.

But James will be on every other date other than that, but also going out with Matt Besser, going out with Paul F. Tompkins, going out with Tim Heide cker, going to have special guests in certain cities.

It's going to be a really interesting tour.

So go get tickets for that.

New York also sold out, but we added a second show.

And I want to plug the Comedy Bang Bang TV show this Friday .

We have Paul Rudd as well as Matt Besser is on the aforementioned Matt Besser.

And James Adomene as well, he's playing dual-houser on this week's show and a lot of special guest stars.

So that's on IFC Friday night at 10, 9 central, and guys, we're closing up the old plug bag.

Can we close up the old plug bag?

Closing up the plug bag.

Domingo, mingo, mingo, mingo, mingo, mingo, mingo.

That's Camarina with the closing of the plug bag theme.

And...

Dick.

And guys, thank you so much.

I think this was just as good as the first one.

What do you guys think?

If not worse.

And literally my flight is so soon.

Alright, guys, we'll see you next week.

Bye.

♪ Ear wolfs ♪ This has been an Ear Wolf Media Production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit EarWolf.com.

♪ Ear Wolf Radio Boom.com.

Ear Wolf.

The Wolf Dead.
