---
layout: page
title: 168. Bob Odenkirk, Matt Besser [13291⧸21052].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Breaking bad on a MC is currently one of the biggest shows on television and we have one of the breakout stars from that show bob oden kirk my old mister show buddy.

He is going to be here with us all hour plus one of the most famous men in the world will be here i don't want to tell you who it is yet but all of that more on today's.

I'm going to be here with you all of that.

Containing half as many calories as homards the home words the ilead i mess it up homards.

Containing half as many calories as homers the ilead it's comedy bang bang welcome to the show i'm so sorry to hold and hold and i messed up your cashphrase submission hold and hold and but if you have a cashphrase submission that you would like me to fuck up on the air.

Send it to over to your wolf dot com under the comedy bang bang message boards and welcome to the show i am scott ock erman aka the chalk talk.

Are you trying to get that started i will see it already started and it's a little bit of america what what the chalk talk the chalk part Indian i am all Indian all parts.

What are you talking about reference to usually nicknames are either sarcastic like a fat guys called tiny right right right or they're dead on speed fast guy or or brazier over our jones red hair like you need it.

What was your what was it by the way will introduce you a second but what's your what is your nickname and maybe people will be able to ascertain who you are from your nickname.

Yes my nickname is inscrutable inscrutable and we all know who that describes is my guest for the entire hour you know him you know it's good of all.

Back in the house hope you know and for mr show and currently he's starring on breaking bad.

What are you third build on breaking bad now you've been rising up the ranks is is that true i don't think i know you may you may not.

I'm still in the same place in the running running order you certainly are on break and we're gonna talk about a lot of it but bob oden Kirk is here my old pal.

Where's the applause.

They're all a plotting in their homes okay everyone alone in their car please put your hands back on the wheel the tenon to you can have an accident.

Oh bob it's great to see you all good feel buddy how you doing oh by the way i was on your TV show this week and i heard so many compliments you were your fantastic i watched it and i thought it went great it was it was great i really enjoyed it and usually i hate.

Watching myself you were so funny you guys cut it i must say there was some work some post work done on.

We have more post than raisin brand and it was great post work really nice and they do a good job there the mood was that the whole mood thing where i'm swizzling the pretty song and it's great pulling in on you guys i love that.

Yes fantastic you really really find the face you make when you complete your and also you guys i'm cut it down a lot in a good way you know a lot of people they just leave all everything in and it just those little moments that you kept in were great cool yeah we overshoot in order to get exactly what we need.

And then you don't afraid to cut yeah no we cut a lot of stuff nice yeah thanks for being on your your fantastic that was a great show with Seth rogan and yeah and yeah.

Casey Wilson as well you have a painting thing was hilarious thanks yeah that was one of our favorite shows we actually this last week was also one of our favorite shows without homes and this coming week is one of our favorite what is it Elizabeth banks is on.

We have david wane good we have Ian Roberts from the upright citizens brigade dengue we have a ton of other stars are on this week yes i want to watch but back to bob.

Odyn kirk who is a star in his own right haha you're on breaking bad right now okay i just started as of this t aping.

Episode one has aired and we don't want to spoil it for people who have never wanted to hear the episode to will play once this yeah once you are hearing this episode to will play but.

But we don't want to spoil it for anyone because there are a lot of people who don't get a m c because they have dish network and they want to catch up with it you know so very well i don't want to get.

Very mild spoilers here right right right but you you are on the show right and you have a job on the show right you 're not on TV it is no longer on radio only.

You're you're employed on the show and you actually own an automobile on the show my character and i don't want to give away too much the way he moves around is his legs he uses his legs okay.

Put usually one foot at a time at a time yeah and he's not then he's not hopping you never see him eat.

I need food to stay alive.

He also has a i and this is a little part of acting this is you're in the spoiler when you're when you're an actor you really should come up with the history of the character yeah so my character was a child.

First he was a baby sure any was a child young and you know and then he was like a teenager for a while okay wait to eat this he skipped those in between years the child to a teenager i never see him being that so no yeah he skipped those years like 10 11 12 yeah he just got.

Okay and then he became a teenager and then he was a young man and went to a college and here's what you don't see and i know is the actor i know that he sleeps at night mostly.

And mostly of course you can't sleep every night no that would be insane eats and drinks food and water.

And i don't know if he takes vacations yet but sometimes he might i would have hated if you got a script and you mentioned a vacation that you.

I think i call the writers in and say what the hell are you guys thinking i didn't know this guy has gone on a vacation .

You gotta tell me that i'm not supposed to say this is it doesn't make sense rewrites yeah go rewrite it.

So you you play we can say that you play a character named saw Goodman that's been reported in the press i don't think that's a spoiler you can give that away better call saw is your your motto is everyone.

Do they yell at me do they yell at you really yeah people they now they say better call saw when they used to do your old catchphrase what was the old one god damn it.

Yes yeah i hear a lot of better call saw how is that for you it seems like you know big deal i do know me i.

Live over here and i've got two kids who go to and i take them to school and i go to trader joe's and get groceries and i go home and i don't have.

The whole people recognize you thing is.

It just happens when you're at a convention where you're supposed to be there and you know that's the only time i.

Ever so don't yell at you on the street yeah you know new y ork more than l a like whenever i'm in new york what are the differences between new york and l a you know the.

There are any and that they're exactly the same city they are that's what's so weird and i i i always see these stand of comedians point out differences and.

I know they just do it to get a laugh i think they're just not true and it's not none of it is true.

Yeah they're just they're images people in new york are more.

They watch more tv you know they're not so jaded about the l a it's like people in l a you see famous people all the time you just whisper.

To your right that summer glow.

Right you don't even care who summer glow shoes on firefly.

Oh i the way firefly did you hear about this yes reunion yeah i was down there you were on that right i wasn't on it you were in the title sequence right.

Yes i was no that you're thinking of bj porter in the title sequence of angel ok yeah he is in the title sequence of angel.

But um that must be an interesting transition for you you 've always had sort of a cold fame yeah right to now you're on a more breakout.

Yeah it is it is funny and interesting and not very consequential but.

No i mean it's it's totally another level absolutely but it 's also just.

Like you say we live in l a so there's people on tv are everywhere so it doesn't change anything about.

Your life except like when you're in these other cities.

Um and for me with my kids being eleven and thirteen there 's a little bit of i think it gives me a little credibility with them right if i'm out with them and somebody recognize me i'm i can turn them go see.

I'm on tv so you better listen to me remember when your kids were nine and eleven that was really insensitive yeah yeah yeah they were nine eleven yeah yeah i didn't like it it wasn't right to be that age it wasn't very thoughtless of them it really was.

Um so the one thing that i've read about this year or this week i should say you didn't see my time periods.

Did you see it i did see i did see the first episode but we don't we can't really talk i will say it's very intense it 's super intense you have some some intense acting see dark.

Very dark but the one the one thing that i've read about this week is there's a lot of talk about the spin off the breaking bad spin off that's because Vince Gilligan the writer of the show and the mastermind the man who makes it great really.

Is he a writer or a mastermind what do you think.

I'm a boy a boy i have to pick one i have to pick one up i 'm gonna call him a mastermind okay good because i've met many writers and he's another level okay.

And he he he mentioned it to somebody and mention it in entertainment weekly yeah where he said it would be interesting to see your character spun off it would be interesting and that he could see that happening.

But the thing you have to know about Vince is he doesn't know exactly what's gonna come in the next eight so if if it turns out saws in a bad.

Place and he gets killed while he gets killed yeah i think it would be interesting though to see you actually know if saw survives right.

I think it would be interesting to see your character you play lawyer on the show and he's mentioned it would be funny to see.

Saw Goodman never go to court into yeah that that's the kind of core concept is that all is a lawyer who.

Handles cases and they never he never literally never been to court right see he manipulates the situation outside and always look for the secrets of the courthouse steps but i think it would be really funny to do a lighthearted like.

Resolian aisles are franklin and bash right i agree type show on tnt starting song Goodman where in his previous series he was complicit in several murders right but in this.

Show he's just sort of like taking care of business in a light-hearted fun way i think i would be great to be like a great spinoff like after mash was to mash you know yeah well good good i i hey look i do it i love playing the character and it you know how different it is from everything i've done because you know everything i've done yeah.

And it really is a different.

Process and then all the stuff that we do and all you've maybe done some dramatic stuff i think you were live tread the boards certainly with Shakespeare you pronounce it Shakespeare is how we theater folk pronounce it which words were you on son.

I was on this really weird kind of naughty board was a different color than the rest of the board at one point but also boards three and eighteen and you have a tread on your .

On your shoe oh yeah yeah very specific adidas on acting it they call them acting shoes fantastic yeah it was really fun to get a pair of them you really you know what maybe you'd win that Emmy finally this year oh by the way are you going to be nominated for an emmy do you doubt it by the time here comes out will know why here's why look what a.

That'd be hilarious and great mostly hilarious.

But the category that i would be nominated for is like.

I don't know what it is it's a supporting actor yeah and that is a category where like.

Everyone is in well the greats all you know every year like .

Ed Asner does this turn on some show yeah Matthew Broderick and these guys it's the people who aren't resilient I'll see you in the next video.

I'll see you know really great actors do every year couple of them and you just you're not going to compete with that it's like all the guys on madman who aren't John Ham right you know i mean there's twenty of them right you know i mean and then there's air there's Aaron Paul probably is for supporting.

Oh no no he's supporting actually i wouldn't be that i'd be some other thing i forget what they have to create a category for you is what you're saying if i was to in order for me to win yes.

I pops up for one scene every episode and gets yelled at.

Clamish lawyer.

Well we'll know by the time this comes out if and if you have one i expect you to come in there when is that all i think they're being announced on Thursday.

Well i don't see how it could happen because.

I don't know whatever but it's funny if it didn't.

You've already won an Emmy though i've got to you've got one for the bench stiller show.

What for us and now for writing a lot of people don't know that stands for Saturday night live.

Really i had never you were told i've never heard that really what did you guys think it was called when you're out there.

Is that s and l just s and l is just one word yes and no yeah yeah yeah with men never made any sense to us yeah we never asked we're so happy you're just so happy weren't you back then so pleased with ourselves.

What's like you see be that doesn't stand for anything new you see be that's one word as well yeah you see be.

Do you remember what you wrote on the s and l year that you won the Emmy for.

That would have been the first year and so i probably wrote nothing but now i did write some stuff i would have been all stuff that i wrote with Robert smigel and Conan O'Brien the three you were a team sort of.

Well yeah we wrote a lot together yeah very similar.

Those guys led the way more than me i would.

Help with their pieces more than i would write something and then they would help.

I wrote grumpy old man i wrote this thing with Robert that was really funny it was Robert's idea.

It was the drill sergeant with Matthew Modine in it's a great sketch Phil Hartman and Matthew Modine i'm not recalling it look it up.

Maybe mr. short term memory was part of that maybe a bears piece.

The bears yeah yeah good time back then though right yeah oh yeah i mean pretty much i.

The show was like a.

A lot of tension and pressure for me i was very intimidated by it as a lot of people are because they tend to get hired when they're young it's the first job you have.

And it's kind of a huge deal and so it's very intimidating to show you've grown up watching right and then all of a sudden it's your first job.

No where usually it's not like a job you've had three jobs you you go there and it's just very intimidating to be there and then on top of it you don't get the warmest welcome or at least back then you didn't i think people are friendly or there now mmm then when i was there would you ever want to go back.

To do what i don't know say for some reason say Lauren Michaels i go back i do i go to the learn Michael steps down he's like i've i've had enough i'm gonna do what i did in 1980 and turn this over to another producer i don't that will never happen.

Also by the way i think lorren's doing a good job right i really think he's i've i've gained a lot more respect for what he does since i left there.

Interesting first of all i think that his taste is so important to that show being as good as it is and i think it is good i think it maintains a standard that you know and picking people like look Fred Armisen you know how funny Fred is but we were.

With him right before he got his not a guy who.

Would compete in a normal you know like who's the funniest contest in a new face by the way if you want to compete in our who's the funniest contest the comedy bang bang who's the funniest contest send your submissions in right now to your old doctor please right away please and i think you literally have to know we're gonna judge these in a second so you you're old i'm almost.

We should have announced a shit out a lot weeks ago right this is the problem yes we'll get to him.

But you know i mean like picking people like Fred who's so funny and so dry and so smart and so kind of.

Diled in and sensitive in his performances and and that's l orren i mean that's lorren's taste and it.

It means the show it means the show is always a certain level of good or has the potential to be.

Great which is you know the only quarrel i have with it is.

There seems i know that they have to do one a week and they have to write it quickly and all but i just think that more .

I always think you could spread out the effort a little more and maybe generate do a little more rewriting and get some better price that way which is what we try to do a m ister show i know that's how we did a lot of rewriting because.

You know i wanted to throw away a piece that wasn't right the first time we wrote right and with us now there's more of a.

You have the money right real quick Tuesday you read it once if it doesn't do well it's very hard to reintroduce it to that group which is understand i've heard stories about people.

Constantly bringing back something that is probably funny if you worked on a little more and there being a lot of resistance to right plus people have then heard it multiple times and that gets weaker as you do.

So it's that's the only thing i think would be neat to see them work on but you know right but hey but that's what you 'll do when you take it over you know.

Well first after when an Emmy for acting well let's get that going let's create that category so Bob i want to se gue into something to talk about we're going to talk about these pieces that you brought right okay and do you want to talk about how these were were basically going to hear three comedy pieces that you created.

And do you want to talk about exactly how these came to be in the circumstances is a very sad story is it get your hand you're a part of it and i apologize for let's get a pot of coffee going and we are we i wanted to do a podcast called Mr blow with.

All x Mr show members and people who've been on the cast or in the audience because i don't ever get to see those people and at these podcasts you really get to talk to people in a way that you don't.

When you see them at a bar or at a wedding is we see people are like hey man what are you doing what i'm okay how about what there's no music i don't know why you have to be shouting right now.

In a bar situation there's not a lot of good conversation so i thought it'd be a great place to talk to old friends and reminisce people to write so it's going to be funny turns out i was wrong.

So you did it you did a pilot of them you did two of i came in here you guys were kind enough to go through all the manipulations of a we pulled the strings do it and the power plays that went on behind the scenes so much work get it in but the agreement with david david was skeptical of it from the start.

In the he's a he's a skeptic in general would you say that well i think i am too i think i can have you know look i agreed with him that it was an iffy proposition but i wanted to give it a run.

At the same time you're a cock eyed optimist and you just want to i am you know i'm trying to get i'm gonna get that surgery from a i where you get caught in your eyes.

Know where they make it less cock eyed.

Okay but i still have to check with the doctor that you didn't get the surgery that you get caught in your eyes.

You know i know i'm cock that's all i know okay that means there's a cock in my eye or you need you really check with your physician surgically tight.

Anyhow we'll work on get back to you all on that.

Yes so so we had a bunch of people in here we talked and i wrote two comedy pieces and we recorded them had a lot of fun and listen to it was kind of meandering kind of slow podcast though in general are meant to be sort of me andering and femoral like this it was when you say not like this do you mean this show that i know it's much better okay.

This is better than what we did wow thank you so much yeah.

Well again i get a respect to you thank you hi again just incrementally but.

And then we did a second one.

And it was worse even it was more like.

Just went nowhere the conversation you know part of it is people have to want to do the thing and i think everybody kind of felt like what is this and david.

Just he showed up but you know but everyone it was your baby.

Yeah you want to be there and want to say something funny and.

And so it wasn't great at all and so david was like look man i don't want to do any more those and i want to play the stuff that we recorded and i understand except that we recorded these pre written bits that are really funny so you were generous enough to say hey why don't i come on comedy you guys let us use your studio so let's make use of these two bits.

So we're gonna hear these at every break we're gonna hear one per break the first one is from mr show.

Oh wait do you remember i had this idea for a musical rooms the musical rooms okay and we never got it together i remember we made posters of it.

My brother bill made a poster full size poster that we printed out beautiful i have the tagline or is that in the you believe the rooms can sing and dance around.

It was a it was a picture of a giant house and each room had its own personality and the news no i think like it's a picture i have it in my office.

Each room in the house has got is like on a person's body so it's the house anthropomorphic as well and the house is.

The house is in bob right now is miming that he's in a singing pose is knee down and he's got his arms out stretched as though the house is singing so the different rooms the story of it is.

The house comes to life and the rooms all say.

Good so the house is its own character but it's almost as if you're you were alive as a human but your liver start to sing and your abdomen saying okay this one house parts of the house sink so.

I wrote the song real quick i came in here we sang them a cappella then we gave that that to ebb and schleter the great musician.

Can you know from the pot of tom cast from mr show and if you can believe it you won't believe it when you hear this he put music behind our a cappella singing that was done without like a.

You know click track or anything and it sounds great so we 're gonna hear that and then we're gonna take a little break so when we come back we'll have a little more from bob oden Kirk better call saw and we'll have a really interesting guest coming up maybe the most famous guest we've ever had.

On the show and we will be coming right back after this company bang bang.

Broadway lovers rejoice and whoever loylies newest musical is finally in door rooms the musical music by Andrew Webster Langley lyrics by Shirley snee book by George gorg on is coming to Broadway Avenue.

Come inside and see these rooms sing you'll believe a room can sing and have thoughts falling the corner of the broad way clip she says get out of the rain of no singing and any of these song filled room.

An entire house comes to life filled with over two thousand square feet of memories music and magic the powder room all I am is a toilet and sink that just made me think hey who says I stink I'm a tough old gal put your faith in me I'm always here for you for your poo and pee will you be there for me.

The master bedroom everybody call now everybody quiet keep it real now.

Stands the rowdy right the parents need to sleep children they need to catch some z-start willin and if it's real common quiet now they gonna get some sex.

And who can forget the comedy of the stairway quit just stomping on me quit your bump and rock on me put your sl ippers on and go up real calm and I will get you there.

Yes I can take you there yes I'll get you upstairs I'm the goddamn stand sorry for this was it's the musical Broadway 's been building up to with an all new song for 2012 the panic room.

I'm a panic room I'm a panic room like a tomb or a wall if there's a globe you should zoom into my eye.

This musical features the rooms of a house coming to life and singing about their various duties and purposes each song starts lightly sometimes humorously and then at the end becomes cloyingly emotional and ponderous it's perfect Ralph Stevens the third writing from the Broadway patronize rooms the musical get your get to get inside.

Comedy bang bang we are back here with Bob Oden Kirk that was a really funny piece rooms musical thank you.

I mean the pre tape stuff we did is funny so you'll get to hear two more bits I know that people are now going to be clamoring to hear that other stuff but it will never be released in fact we're but we burned the tapes convers ational stuff yeah trust me it was sluggish we're getting our fill of conversation with you right now thank you we're literally getting our fill I'm sure you are over full.

Well we have another guest if you don't mind who is it we can shift the spotlight slightly away from you was it a true singer some numbers is actually a very famous personality you know him as the most recent pope.

And I mean his resume speaks for himself he's pope like that's all you need a C C yeah he's pope Benedict the 16th welcome is the pope of the room we can't think and apost olic church everything everything.

I am the voice of God hello pope everyone I call you pope or Benedict or what you call me pope I'm the only one that 's you know important these days.

Why narrow it down right so if I were to address anyone is pope it would be you I am the pope noble shit right wow you ever meet the pope no one I should have recognized you from the hat yes everyone jokes about it it's not funny you know why we have we have to a lot.

Why why it's always good to have a space for little boy to say for a rainy day.

Oh boy plus most the heat escapes through your head the top of your head.

Yes that's what I was going to say the other reason yeah but the first the first reason that's what we're going to say Bob to the pope I was going to say I should have recognized you with the hat yes and the garments and the mobile yes your pope mobile my name I mean who has a well bat mobile I guess just ask but they don't call that the bat.

That man mobile no exactly you know I'm saying bill that's the bat yeah I mean that yeah yours is the only one that has your name right there.

When you love to see and I don't know if this could ever happen pope wouldn't it be great to see a race between the bat mobile and the pope movie when they're great which that mines not aerodynamic I'll give you that.

Yeah yours has a big tube but we don't run on gas we run on the truth of God's word oh well it saves on gas yeah but it 's actually causes.

It's worse for the environment we're hardly enough right what is your favorite Patmobile Bob is it the 60s Adam West or the tumbler the modern tumbler is it the Val Kilmer is it the Michael Keaton Batmobile.

I am a fan of the original from the TV show that's and so do you Popeye did you see his eyes.

I thought the original it was funny it was funny it had a sense of humor yeah no Batman takes itself so you know speak of fun old and cock I'm a huge fan of your.

Wow really what from pope from Breaking Bad or from many reasons actually first off just the name old and cook is that a German name it is yes yes when I was in the Hitler you're the other boy we'd go into the backyard and play concentration comp and I always named my concentration camp old and cook you'll never get out of old and cook alive interesting no one escapes from old and cook.

Wait how old are you again you're I am 78 78 and so yeah how old were you during World War II during the.

I was in I was in the Hitler you're right okay yes yes wow why is that interesting you're a joiner look the Hillelott youth we get to bad rap but if you really think.

If you really think about it we are like the muppet babies you you can't you can't blame the muppet babies for what the crime is a muppet yes exactly.

Too many people do that I've heard that too much yeah exactly crimes in the muppets are blamed on the muppet babies and it just.

Even the crimes in the crime is in like dark crystal or labyrinth you can't blame those on the muppet babies exactly thank you.

Yeah so if you're what you're saying is the mere fact that you're in Hitler youth and I don't know if this is widely reported Bob you're more of a Catholic I have no idea I had no idea you're in the Hitler youth but you're just coming out and saying it here yes yes yes.

But that's more similar choice with Bob I I the I do us a show in the Vatican TV called Breaking Bread actually.

Which is it's not the same kind of show really just more the title breaking bread it's a cooking show okay well yeah is it a.

Is it analogous to breaking bad you have the same types of characters no no it's it's not fictional it's a cooking show we just show it's very simple how to break bread and feed the multitude how to.

Turn bread in the body of Christ that kind of thing what steps are there when turning bread into the body well you have to see the show.

Yeah how can we come on no spoilers how can we see it if it 's only on Vatican TV.

We're taking the place of Comedy Central now on direct TV okay that's great check it out well they're giving that away from.

I also was in a comedy duo.

Oh my god you're getting so excited I just remember this called Mr. Sermon it was very similar to Mr. Show.

In a way yes yes well Mr. Sermon we take it's mostly a parody show of different famous sermons but.

A parody of famous okay so say the Sermon on the Mount.

Oh yes very funny scene what was the what was the parody version of that.

It's a plan words of Mount so I get it is still giving the sermon but while fucking someone mounting get it.

Oh okay a fucking Sermon on the Mount.

I didn't think that you were allowed to have sex as the Pope.

That's what's so funny about it juxtaposition of what we can do and what we right cancel.

I had a partner to very similar David Cross.

David Star of David.

David Star of David yes which is ironic.

Yeah because they're both like symbols.

Yes and yours one was Jewish he's Jewish and mine years was Catholic but it was a symbol that.

It's in that weird.

It's called irony and it happens all the time.

This is maybe the first time and I'm being serious that I realized that his last name is Cross.

Andy is Jewish.

That's not strange.

We gave us David Star David a lot of shit for that.

Well the family probably made crosses back in the old days.

Oh there you go okay understood.

To be strung up on yes that's ironic as well.

Any other similarities between Bob and.

Well I was in a show just like kind of like Breaking Bad.

Uh-huh right.

It was called Where the Gay is Hiden.

Where the Gay is Hiden.

That's how it translates.

Oh what's the actual German of it.

Eicton Schleichen Reichen that translates to.

Where the Gay is that.

It's called Le Eicton Schleichen.

Yes.

Is that what I said yes.

Yes Leicton Reichen Schleichen.

And what was it about what was it.

Well your show is about you know the main guy is a meth lab .

Yeah right right right right right right.

And you're always looking for and trying to figure it out.

Not sure.

Um there's gays and we're trying to always find them.

Hmm what do you do when you find them.

Um we get rid of them.

They have no use in the Catholic church.

Meaning you excommunicate them.

Oh whatever.

Well what do you have now this is.

Like on his show where people get excommunicated.

People get murdered on Bob's show.

No spoilers.

But there are a couple of murders on your show right.

Um occasion.

Murder is the ultimate excommunication my friend.

Let me tell you.

I don't know about this.

You would make an amazing supervillain.

Has anyone asked you.

Would you like to be asked.

Are you inviting me on your show.

I'm saying that I'm the man at the top.

I'm saying James Bond.

I'm talking big James Bond movie.

Right.

Exactly.

I kind of like this idea.

Yeah.

I'm not evil myself but you know I could play.

Oh no no no no but you make the evil happen.

Yeah.

You'd be like you'd have Grace Jones on your arm and you would you know or Iman.

Yes.

Some tall beautiful black model.

Yes.

The shaved head I hope.

Yeah definitely.

It would be a major or a purses combata from Star Trek I.

Yeah and you work in the Vatican basement.

Is that the Vulcan?

No she's the girl with the shaved head from Star Trek I.

Oh I thought that was a Vulcan.

Star Trek The Motion picture.

Okay.

Yeah she was that.

All right.

You'd go with her.

Percy combata.

Yeah.

That'd be a great villain.

Yeah.

Bob Aldenkirk.

Although someone say that he's a villain in real life.

You know what I mean.

I mean you're a Catholic Bob.

This must be a little I don't know uncomfortable for you to be right here next to the leader of your church.

Why would that be uncomfortable?

It is uncomfortable.

I'm intimidated.

Yeah.

Are you a good Catholic Bob?

I don't suppose I am.

But you know.

What do you constitute as a good Catholic?

Well every time you stick your penis into a pussy do you have a baby?

No.

He's a bad Catholic.

How many times?

You have two babies how many times if you stuck your penis into a pussy?

Twice.

Just more than twice?

All right three of them times will give you a break.

Are you giving me that?

Yes.

I mean I might be okay.

I mean I don't understand why you're a do it otherwise.

My wife and I've only been married for 15 years.

Maybe three or four?

Good average.

We'll go to three or four.

Okay so he's all right.

What are some of your other sins?

So I only have to go to purgatory.

If it depends if I get to one of these roles you're pitching me.

I'll see what I can do.

Can I ask you something?

Yes.

Remember years ago not too long ago but back in the middle ages people used to be able to buy like what was it called forgiveness cards or whatever?

Oh yeah if they gave enough money to get a dispensation.

Can we sell those?

I saw you on the street corner and I couldn't tell what it was you were talking but you were kind of wondering.

We have them still kind of like punch cards.

Oh so you get you punch ten cents and then I forgive you.

For the 11th.

Like the subway.

Okay.

I'm not sure if you're going to do that.

Yeah fashion spread.

I'd love to see this.

There's no snobby.

We wanted to be on MTV that's a crib show.

They thought us to all from TV at those bullshit.

That's what I would have to do.

I would have to go pee in my driveway.

Let me ask you about this Hitler youth thing.

Yes.

No actually let me ask you about there's what are you doing here in America.

I mean it's a surprise to me there's been no headlines.

Well I tell you what the headline has been and I'm just I'm out trying to get the word out on this whole job paternal thing.

It's a shame what's happening at Penn State.

Am I right?

It is.

I mean it's a terrible situation.

It's a terrible situation over there.

You don't think he should be held liable at all?

He should be.

Yeah.

It's absurd he turned us back on those poor children.

It's irresponsible what Joe Pott did.

Talk about the pot calling the kettle black.

What do you mean?

Yeah well the Catholic Church is at all kinds of uh.

And we've done the right thing when we have something happen in our church.

Barely.

We we we those culture should have been sent to another college.

Oh that's what we would do.

Right.

So you're saying they shouldn't have been fired.

No.

They should just be sent to another college.

Yes you spread the we call it spread the sin thin.

You got to spread it out.

Okay.

Why have only Penn State children get molested.

Should have been sent to the southeast conference school.

Oh I don't know if I agree.

Since on dusky to Alabama we went.

Now I can tell why you're so upset.

It's absurd what Joe Pott did.

Yeah.

They still have that statue.

Have you seen his statue up there?

They still have that is.

You've seen it.

You know what they have you seen that statue with his finger up in the air like he's saying number one.

They should keep that statue there and I say they should build another statue behind it of of a child being molested in a shower maybe make it a fountain or something.

And then it looks like Joe Paz pointing the other way going hey look over there.

Don't notice what's happening behind me.

That would be.

This is very difficult to get your stance on this issue.

I can't tell what is motivating you but I think somebody wants a statue.

Yeah I would mind a statue.

Yeah what would you like your statue to be?

Hmm.

How about that in the pop?

That great Marilyn Monroe shot.

Oh yeah.

With the skirt blowing up.

Yeah.

How about that.

Yeah.

Famous iconic but never been done with a man and you've got the skirts.

That's true.

I do.

I never thought of it that way.

It's never been done with a man with a shot for a fierce mother who's been trying to replicate that shot with a man but no one has been successful.

And he never been done.

Yeah.

I do like that.

It's a little playful and you seem like a fun guy.

I am a fun guy.

You really do seem like a fun guy.

What do you do for fun?

How fast does a pop mobile go?

You know.

Don't pretend like you don't.

Okay yeah.

Two part questions.

What do you do for fun?

Second part.

How fast does the pop mobile go?

You've gone out to the Bonneville salt flats with that thing and pushed the...

How fast do you think I can go?

I don't know.

It's not our aerodynamic.

You've admitted.

It's not.

It's probably one of the least aerodynamic vehicles in existence.

Most except for limousines built for proms.

There's not many vehicles built for standing up in and waving your arms around.

So I'm going to go with...

You say 120?

120 miles per hour.

It just seems high to me.

Or what are you going to do?

Whoever is closest or whoever is closest without going over ?

Um, yeah.

Price is right to rules.

Closest without going over?

Yes.

Um, I'm going to say one mile an hour then because I think he's over what it goes.

You're right.

Yes!

How fast does it go?

It only goes one mile an hour.

Wow.

So I hit it on the head.

Why do you want to go fast when people are waving?

I win both showcases.

That's not what the Pope and Bill's about showing off.

Yeah.

Not about speed.

You love to peacock.

You love to represent, right, Pope?

That's what they call it when you want to pick up the girls .

Mm-hmm.

You're at their peacock.

But they ultimately...

I am the...

I have a gold fucking robes on.

A big staff, a jeweled staff.

Did you always have...

My hat is as tall as most people are.

Did you always want to be Pope?

Yes.

Did you always think you were going to be Pope?

Did you always know that white smoke was going to come out?

What happened?

When you were a kid, you saw the Pope on Ed Sullivan and you knew that's how I'm going to do that.

Well, yeah.

Well, I saw him in Shea Stadium before Ed Sullivan.

Yeah.

The big...

Yes, your parents get you a hat for Christmas.

It always starts with the hat, doesn't it?

You want to be a fireman, you get the hat.

Yeah, right, right.

Yeah.

The policeman, you get the hat and the gun.

Yeah, a chef, you get a hat.

Yeah.

I once wanted to be a chef for walks.

They have a very tall hat too.

Right.

But then you...

They have the second tallest hat next to Cardinals and B ishops and...

Right, who's the third tallest hat?

Ten gallon hat, I would think.

I'm marching band hat.

March of course for God 76, trombones.

The leader of the band.

We're right, I forgot about that one.

Yes, yes, yes.

Oh, wait, what about a Buckingham Palace guard, those hats?

Is that number four?

Oh, I think that runs a close number four.

Oh my gosh, so ten gallon hat is probably way down on the list.

Ten gallons are more wide than tall Scott.

Oh, yeah, you're probably way...

Well, he's a gowns girl.

Have you ever thought of opening up a hat shop?

Some sort of habadeshra?

Abadashra.

That's true.

You know who has the lamest hats as the Jews?

Oh, yeah.

What a poor excuse for a hat.

They're not even hats, they don't...

No, there's no brim.

They don't cover your head.

It's like a top of a hat.

Yeah.

It's like a hint of a hat.

You've got to cover your entire head to be called a hat, in my opinion.

Exactly, they're chewing out on their own hats.

My right.

Yarmacas are so small because they've jude out on their own hats.

They don't want any...

Why spend all the extra money on all that material?

What about the fur hats?

Oh, you mean the Russian Jew?

The Babushkas?

No, the Orthodox wear the fur hat even in the hot summer.

Yeah, those are great.

That's a pretty impressive...

That's like having a...

Those are ten gallon hats.

They'll pack on your head.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Foolish jewels.

Alright, well, I agree with you all to cook.

I'm not even that bad.

You should like it.

And you say they're foolish.

But you're right, they're hot in the middle of it.

So, it's impressive.

It's another way for jewels to have people feel sorry for them.

It's like, oh, look at my hot hat for me.

You can't win with poor...

You just can't win me my big hot hat.

I have to wear it in the summer.

Alright, Pope, we're going to take a little break here.

And then when we come back, you have something you say you want to talk about, something in the...

Something that just happened in your world.

Okay, but we are going to listen to the second piece that you brought.

Yeah, this is an interview piece where one of our reporters , Eric Hoffman, interviews two chocolate tears in New York.

Two chocolate tears.

Alright, we'll hear that and then take a break and we'll come back with more comedy bang bang with Bob Odenkirk and The Pope.

Hello, I'm Eric Hoffman.

From time to time, Bob and David asked me to meet interesting people.

And I'm usually busy, but I had some free time and I was in New York recently.

And that's how I met these two brothers who are chocolate tears.

The first time we went on the water was in a canoe.

A simple.

We tipped over.

What we got was.

And we laughed.

We laughed.

All the way to the bank.

Well, we tried to sell our way to close to the banker, but he wouldn't buy it.

So we knew we had to find something more...

Fresh Traces.

I recently interviewed the precious brothers, makers of fine artisan chocolates at their mobile choco lab in Siho, the center of Houston Street in New York.

I'd heard about their chocolates made by hand using authentic cocoa, fresh beard hair by people wearing suspenders.

And I just had to meet these whirly gigs of cocoa venture.

Chocolate is the last.

That's the last thing we think about when we make our precious brothers chocolate.

First, we do no more.

No harm.

None.

We've taken the Hippocratic oath.

My name is Orson Precious.

I'm Gordon Precious.

And we're Precious Brothers chocolate makers.

We're Precious Brothers chocolate makers.

Chocolate makers.

Okay.

Ready?

You start.

I'll do the names.

His name is Gordon Precious.

And your name is Orson Precious.

And we're Precious Brothers chocolate makers.

Chocolate makers.

There's a lot more to making chocolate and selling chocolate than just making chocolate and selling chocolate.

The chocolate represents more to us than just chocolate.

It represents olden times when people ate candy corn and rode those big bikes with the front wheel that was big, big wheel.

Much bigger.

And they, well, they had graham crackers and everyone was very polite and well, you didn't have to shower so much.

Cocoa beans.

Also we're used as buttons by the Aztecs, thrown away and called Nature's thinklberries.

Just that.

By the Mayans.

They were never used.

Just tossed in big piles and burp.

The Aztecs weren't very kind or intelligent, obviously.

I mean, we hold every bean.

We name each bean and we get to know it.

I take the beans for a walk one by one.

They need fresh air.

They need to know that they matter.

They need, well, we never tell them that they'll one day become chocolate.

Well, we teach them.

We have a school for beans.

I teach them math and science.

I teach them comportment and human health.

A puberty class.

The beans love to hear about puberty.

Pubes.

I wanted to taste their chocolate, but this didn't prove so easy.

We aren't selling any chocolate before it's ready.

None of the beans have graduated from even kindergarten.

Well, we know we're going down the right path because the beans are being difficult.

An easy bean.

Say it with me.

An easy bean is a false bean.

Okay.

Anyway, everything goes back to us reinvigorating our feelings for craft and craftsmanship and shipmaking and general nonsense.

And gobbledygook.

So, can I have some chocolate?

Oh, no.

No, it's much too early.

It's not.

In the season.

Well, it's not.

No, it can't.

I mean, it can't.

You don't have a fresh batch.

The chocolate can't.

We have none.

No batch, have we.

The season is too early.

You call upon us in the early of the season.

We may have no chocolate.

Chocolate, we not have.

I'm going to approach you now and I'm going to approach you from the front and say, go away, Mr. We have no chocolate for you yet.

So you don't have a, actually, have any chocolate yet?

You haven't made any.

We don't believe it can be made.

There's no such thing as chocolate.

The Precious Brothers.

I highly recommend the next time you're in New York, search out their rolling chocolate factory in the center of Houston Street where you'll find delights too numerous dimension.

But no chocolate of any kind.

This is Eric Hoffman, your people person reporting for Mr.

Blow.

Somebody bang bang, we are back with Bob Odenkirk and the Pope.

Yes.

It's an immense pleasure to meet you.

I'm not a religious man myself, but Bob, I mean, you have grown up under the weight of Catholic guilt your whole life.

Yes, still got it.

Still got it.

Hang on.

Do you think that you're a good man?

You mentioned your life you go to Trader Joe's a lot.

Well, you have to get food.

That seems to be about the extent of your hobbies.

So no, I mean, whatever I, what do you mean?

I don't know.

I mean, the Pope's right here.

You know, I make a living doing comedy.

You know that, right?

So I don't know how.

He means to your master bed.

Of course.

Let's break it down.

Yes.

Really?

Avidly.

Yes.

That is a shame.

Just and do you throw the sperm into your wife's posits, not wasted.

I'm sorry.

Let me tell you that everyone.

That's the main thing is the spilling the seed.

The masturbating I can accept and I will say no sins if you immediately thought into a woman's pussy.

Anyone, anyone?

Anyone?

It just needs to be yours.

I have to disappoint you there, Pope.

What do you do with your use for it?

Throw it into the wife's, as you call it, pussy.

Siphon it.

I do not in any way manipulate it there.

What do you do with it?

I don't know.

I will refuse.

That was uncalled for Scott Ockerman.

I'm sorry.

Even I don't pass that line.

I apologize to all of our listeners.

That's what silly.

Especially our female listeners who don't know that that's what guys do.

Okay.

We're learning about you today.

All right.

That's a mow.

Nobody needs them on their feet.

The Pope doesn't wear socks.

I don't even see you wearing any.

Exactly.

We have shoes already.

That's why socks were invented.

The Pope doesn't wear socks because he doesn't masturbate.

Yes.

Tin gallon hat about some tin gallon socks for you, too.

Well, Pope, I did want to ask you about something that's going on in the news right now.

You know, and we haven't talked about it on this show.

It's a dicey subject.

It's very, you know, who's right?

Who's wrong?

It's why I personally, it's why I started Sound Off on Twitter, which I don't know if you've seen a map, but it's just a safe, fun place for people to give their opinions in a safe place.

Unlike any place on the Internet where you can just go and it's in a fun way safe, nurturing environment, you can just kind of talk about it.

I feel comfortable in your Twitter feed.

Thank you so much.

To Sound Off.

That's why I started Sound Off.

But the reason it started was because this Daniel Toss situation started up and you said you had some sort of take on it.

What's happening here with you?

Do you want to stand on the issue?

Would you want to stand up?

What happened?

Does everyone know?

Everyone kind of knows.

Daniel Toss said some jokes that some people got offended by and they were basically about sexual assault and not everyone thinks that that's a subject matter to joke about.

And I don't know.

I mean, who's right, who's wrong?

I don't know.

I just want people to say that.

Well, I wasn't there.

Were you there?

You can't judge if you weren't there.

We always say at the Vatican, I wasn't in the confessional with a boy.

Well, my two judge, I wasn't there.

What can I say?

You know, there's some things I think you can judge if you weren't there.

No, no, not done there.

But I was not there.

No.

Well, what I heard was Daniel Toss said to the woman after she heckled him, hey, wouldn't it be funny if five guys raped this woman.

I'm paraphrasing, of course.

Paraphrasing.

And she heckled.

She initiated heckling.

So you're saying she's asking for it.

Is that what you're just saying?

No, no, not at all.

Who's right?

Who's wrong?

It's not for me to say.

Okay, okay.

But I thought the basic problem was that wasn't a joke.

But you know, Bob can support me on that.

It has no structure.

It was no joke structure.

And because I, rape jokes can be, I've, I write, I have a lot of rape jokes.

Oh, you joke, first of all, and secondly about rape?

I told you I was in a duel, Mr. Sermon.

But the outside, I have a tight five of rape jokes.

Okay, I don't know that I want to hear him, but...

Okay, here's one.

Oh boy.

How many praise does it take to screw in a light bulb?

How many priests does it take to screw in a light bulb?

Is this one of those things where if we guess it without going over, prices right rules?

Oh no, no, no, you win nothing here.

It's just, oh, you win this laughs.

How many praise does it take to screw in a light bulb?

Answer, why screw a light bulb with all these young boys around?

That's pretty good, right?

Yeah, yes.

A structure.

Right.

It is a good structure.

The sentiment behind it, I'm not quite behind.

Why did the priest cross the road?

Why?

Well, there was a young unaccompanied boy on the other side .

And shade of a tree.

In the shade, I think that you're gilding the lily without joking.

In the shade of a tree?

I decided that.

Yeah, it's not working for you.

You really should stop it.

It seemed like a more comfortable place.

In the shade.

Who are you trying?

C'mon, too, boy.

Yeah, really, you're just inventing a tree just because you want to do that in the shade?

Exactly.

C'mon.

That's just picturing like a deserted kind of Albuquerque, breaking bad kind of road.

Yeah, that was uncomfortable for you.

I don't want him less to boy out here.

Yeah.

You know, no way.

So you put a tree in there?

Yeah.

All right.

Nice.

I got it.

Mesa.

All right.

I see now.

Knock a knock.

Who's there?

It's me.

The Pope.

Well, he recognized your voice, I guess.

Me, who?

It's the priest.

I was just talking to you on the other side of the professional.

Let me crawl in here and don't tell anyone, oh, I'll make your parents go to hell.

Oh, boy.

That is not.

I'm catching knock knock, Joe.

No.

It doesn't have joke structure as you've been very...

It didn't have the joke structure.

No, Bob, it had knock.

It had whose structure.

It had...

And that's all it had.

Yeah, that's true.

Yeah, I think you need to work on that one.

Okay.

I got one now which I have been listening to.

I listened to W2AT, TF, the mock marron.

He talks about a lot of your humor should come from your real life.

Yeah.

I don't know what that is, but go ahead and will.

Oh, it's the only podcast I listen to every week.

Oh, okay.

Every week, yes.

But anyway, this is a...

So this is a...

It sounds like a joke, but it's...

This actually happened.

So, there's a Catholic priest, Jerry Sandoski, Kobe Bryant, and Daniel Tarsh are traveling together on a single engine plane.

Okay.

And all of a sudden they play...

The engine goes out, it's on fire.

They lose the engine.

Right.

And the pilot, he jumps out to the parachute, probably a French Jew, some coward, ready to roll over.

It's not important.

He's jumping out of a plane that's going down.

Yes, but he's kind of a coward.

I don't know.

Anyway, the pilot should go last.

But anyway, he jumps out.

There's four people left and only three parachutes.

Okay.

It sounds like a joke.

Sounds like a joke, yeah.

I guess so.

Okay.

So, the Catholic priest, he stands up and he grabs one parachute.

He says, I do so to live, because even though I rape kids, I represent the voice of God.

And he jumps out the parachute.

And he says, go God!

Okay.

He jumps out.

Right.

Okay.

So, there's two parachutes left.

Two left and who's left?

Two paid my situation.

Jerry Sandoski, Kobe Bryant, Daniel Tarsh.

Okay, great.

This is actually how this happened like a week ago.

Oh, no.

Okay.

This is an joke.

Wow.

That's what I'm saying.

It follows a basic joke structure, but it really happened.

Anyway, Jerry Sandoski stands up and he grabs a parachute and he says, I deserve to live, because even though I raped lots of kids, I was part of the greatest college football program of all time.

And he jumps out, go, knitney lions.

Okay.

Oh, wow.

He's got the spirit at the end.

Yes, yes.

All the way to the end.

And knitney lions.

Lying going on and on over there.

Joe Paterno's a lion out of his mouth.

Am I right?

Side joke.

You can't do a side joke in the middle of your.

Can't I?

I think that's unfair.

I was all wrapped up in your original joke.

Camo Wendy Liebman thing going on.

You got me there.

You got him.

All right.

Go ahead.

So then Daniel Tarsh, he says to Kobe Bryant, he's like, I know you think you deserve the last parachute because you didn't even rape a kid.

You just raped a fan.

And that Kobe says, no Daniel Tarsh.

I am bigger than you.

And that's what rape is all about being bigger than the other people.

And then he shoved Daniel Tarsh.

And he says, I'm going to get my six ring motherfucker.

And then people will know I am better than Michael Jordan.

And then he jumped out.

Did he have a parachute?

Yes, with the last parachute.

It's a Daniel Tarsh dies.

No, no, no, no.

Okay.

How many central sent a helicopter when they heard their franchise was going down in a plane?

Right.

Yes.

And so how was it by Gary Mann?

Yes.

Comedy Central Executive Gary Mann.

Yes, yes.

And they, a little ladder and Josh got on the ladder and was saved.

Oh, okay.

He jumped onto the ladder from the plane that was going down?

Yes.

And in the plane, it just ironically, it crashed into a battered woman's shelter.

Oh, wow.

Like he said, this actually happened.

Yes.

And then there's like a punchy punch line you're looking at .

No, we're looking at the floor.

Are there any shady trees?

You have to tell the truth.

I'm not going to add that to some bullshit to a real story.

Okay.

I just wondered.

Like I said, that's my real life.

I hadn't heard that story and it's definitely newsworthy.

Breaking news.

The news.

Here on Comedy Bang Bang.

I hope this shows up on TMZ, but I hope they credit the source because I hate when they don't.

Well, the odds are those great people on the plane together .

Where were they going?

They were going to the Major League Baseball All-Star game.

Oh, wow.

Coming up.

No, that makes sense.

All baseball fans.

Yeah.

Or that was a week ago.

It happened a week ago.

Cool.

Well, that's a great story.

I don't know about it as a joke, but...

Well, Trotus is comedy.

Trotus is comedy.

Yeah, and it's good to end with a meaningful moment.

That's the way I like to end my act.

So everyone gives me kind of, you know, like that had heart .

Yeah, a little piece of that.

It was fun.

But it had...

Yeah.

Thank you, Bob.

That guy was great.

Bob, so are you ready to book him on a multi-city tour right now?

I don't know if he's available.

I think he's pretty popular.

I think he's got world tours happening.

Hey, man.

If you'll take a Mr. Show on the road, we can do a little Mr. Sermon with that.

I think that'd be great.

I think the Davids would get along.

Just a sermon.

Double-built.

That would sell out everywhere.

Amazing.

How big theaters would it sell out?

200 seats.

200 seats?

Oh, the ultimate.

100 seats.

It's a stuff down for me.

Oh, well, then don't go on the road with Mr. Show if you want to do bigger than 200.

Pack arenas, man.

I don't know.

Well, cool.

That sounds great.

Thank you so much, Pope.

Thank you for letting me strut my rap jokes.

Certainly my pleasure.

I hope I pro-drap jokes can be funny.

It's all context.

I don't know about that, but hey, we only have one last thing here on the show, and that is a little something we call...

Would you rather...

What about...

Okay.

No talking.

I have another bit.

You have another bit?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

We're...

But no talking.

I won't say anything on this part.

Please shut your mouth.

I'm sorry.

Okay.

That's the only way we're twisting our ankle is stepping off of curbs.

Yeah.

That's what you're saying.

Yeah, stepping off of curbs.

That's it.

So if I'm a basketball player, I can be...

I can know then that I will not hurt myself during a game because there are no curbs.

No, you'll get the regular amount of twisted ankles there.

Oh.

But every time...

You get the regular amount that you would in your normal life.

No.

But every time you step off a curb, you twist your ankle again.

And you forget that that's what happens to you as well.

You have a mild form of amnesia where you forget that if you step off a curb, you get a twisted ankle.

There are no curbs in the Vatican, you know.

Really?

Yes.

Why is that?

We don't allow cars inside Vatican City, so there's no reason for curbs.

Oh, so you might have it made with this situation.

True.

Don't vote yet though.

I want to ask about the couch.

Yeah.

Can you say that one more time is a little confusing.

Would you rather only be able to sleep on a couch that's five inches shorter than you?

Are there couches that are taller than me?

Yeah.

Oh, I have a couch at home that's taller than you.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

How tall is your couch?

It's, I think it's around a seven foot couch or something like that.

So how do you get up on it?

What I mean, it's not taller than me, meaning it's the length of it.

Do you know what I'm saying?

You said higher and he pictured it.

When you stretch out on it, it's five inches shorter than the length of your legs.

Now I understand.

Yeah, that's the only place that you could sleep.

This is weird for me.

I was pulled by another stretch out for myself.

I have some Cardinals to do that.

Oh, this must be very, very weird for you then.

Yes.

Yeah.

How many Cardinals does it take to, this is classic joke structure right now.

How many Cardinals does it take to stretch out a pope?

Why stretch out a pope with all these boys around?

Yes, always go punch line.

Exactly.

Same punch line.

Right.

But it works every time.

Yes.

Any other questions?

No, I'm settled.

You can't be settled already.

You want to get some sleep.

Yeah, I can't sleep when I got up my knees all bent up.

But you can't sleep on a couch that's five inches shorter than you either.

I know, that's why I'm not going to take that thing.

You're not going to much rather have the twisted ankles.

But, Bob, I'm surprised that when you sleep, you don't get in the little ball, little feet that you always stretch out.

You always stretch out of their cars.

Yeah.

Really.

What is your sleeping style?

Are you spawning someone smaller than me?

Face down?

Are you on your side?

I'm on my side drooling.

Drooling.

Mmm.

What do your pillows look like?

That's a good question.

It brings up a good question for the world is, what is the couch made out of?

A lot of people don't like leather couches, for instance.

You mean my couch or the couch in this situation?

This couch we're talking about.

Yes.

This couch is made out of pine needles.

Like a hemp material or like...

It's like woven pine needles that stick you while you're sleeping.

Yeah.

Fuck that couch.

Please don't vote yet, Bob.

I know you're an old friend of mine, but...

I know what's going on here.

But if you vote before it's time to vote, I'm going to dock you points.

I want my ankles to be twisted now.

You want that?

How are you going to sleep with all that pain that you're in?

Well, it's fine.

I can do it.

I just won't move my ankles when I sleep.

So you say twisted.

You mean like injured, not like perverted?

No, I mean twisted around in a curly Q shape.

Like curly fries?

Like the seasoned fries?

Yeah, like the seasoned fries, of course.

Where your feet are backwards.

And you're always having to walk backwards.

But why wouldn't I like...

I love seasoned fries.

Why would I not like to have seasoned ankles?

Well you also seasoned the ankles.

Yes, it's those seven...

Oh, these twisted ankles are also seasoned.

They're seasoned as well.

So Bob, that's something you're not thinking of is you never know where you're going because you're walking the opposite way.

Because your face is this way and your twisted ankles are back that way and you're walking back.

I don't care.

You don't care.

I get some sleep at night.

And you don't care about all the wild rabbit dogs that are constantly eating your legs?

It's extremely important.

Because they're seasoning?

But he's also a comedian and now he has twisted ankles like crazy straw.

That'd be funny.

It's a good opening line.

That'd be a great nickname.

Crazy straw.

I can make a joke out of it every time I get it.

Exactly.

I'm surprised I made it out here.

You could be like, hey...

You're probably looking at me going...

Yeah, I love that you're looking at me going jokes.

You'd be like, I hate to leave but I love to watch myself go.

That would be great.

It's not bad, right?

You're looking at me going.

I love those jokes.

Any other questions before we...

No, I can vote.

Please don't vote Bob.

You seem...

I've noticed a switch went off.

You made it too easy.

A switch went off on you or you want to vote really.

This is not a conflicting...

Is this a world without an incredible shrinking ray?

Which one?

Which scenario?

With the world with the couch.

With the couch?

The couch has an incredible shrinking ray but the twisted ankles does not.

Wait a minute.

There's like one of those buttons.

Your compression has a shrinking ray that comes out?

Yes.

It's installed in your couch actually.

So you can shrink whatever you want to.

I could have known that.

That's why you asked questions.

You could shrink and can you control the shrink or is it a random shrink?

Like I don't know if I'm going to be as big as a thimble or I can control like five inches.

It's like a punch card when you go to Quiznose or something like that.

Right.

Like the Vatican gives out for sense.

Oh yeah, I forgot about those but it's like those where every...

Suspensation cops.

Every tenth one is a random shrink.

Random shrink.

Every tenth though.

The nine...

The nine you're...

You can...

Does it reverse like a vacuum cleaner?

What do you mean?

It'd make you bigger.

Bigger.

Oh, meaning does it...

Every night can you go and punch it in and tell it to make me six inches shorter and I will fit on the couch.

Right.

Made of pine needles.

Oh, I see.

In the morning, I'll wish it back, wish myself back to the right side.

Yes.

That is the one way that you get around it.

Yes.

What a pain in the ass.

The pain in the ass but it's better than having twisted seas and dang it.

So as a microwave, it seems like a tech about the same amount.

Yeah, exactly.

I think a microwave is a pain in the ass.

Have you heard it be like, what?

I have to heat up this food somehow?

I thought it's in microwave too.

Is it in microwave technology?

Does it happen that fast?

It's that quick.

Yeah.

Does that make you reconsider it now?

Yeah.

Okay.

All right.

Any other questions before I shut it down here?

I just don't know why this would apply but Lily Tomman isn 't anywhere around the couch, is she?

She is your constant companion in the twisted ankle scenario.

Does she speak in the one ringy dingy voice?

Yes, of course.

But in the couch scenario, she is passed on.

She's dead.

She's dead in the couch scenario.

Also, if that helps you a little.

That's not.

Yeah.

All right.

Any other questions?

Glad I asked that.

Yeah.

Very glad that you asked that.

All right.

Closing the floor down.

We're going to Bob now.

Are there bugs in the pine needles?

They love that.

There are bugs that kiss you in the pine needles, but they don't bite you.

But they just, you wake up with a lot of hickies, but no bites.

Yeah.

All right.

Closing the floor for questions, Bob, you were pretty certain early on that you wanted the twisted ankles.

Change my mind.

Change the old change mind.

Change my mind.

I will take the couch made of pine needles that is five inches too short for me to lay down on.

Filled with bugs.

It just kiss me, but has a shrink ray and top it all off.

Cherry on top.

No lily tom.

Okay.

Great.

All right.

And Pope, how do you like to vote?

You know that lily tom and the cycle deal maker.

Yeah.

Breaker.

Well, I'm going to have to go with the couch as well.

It sounds like I like this idea of a short couch.

It sounds like a good.

It's in the confessional sometimes you want to lay out, you know.

And I want to want for the confessional, I believe.

So in these five inch couches and then the shrinking ray, I could use to turn normal adults into boy size people.

I like, I just like it in general.

Mm hmm.

Yeah.

So I also could get one for the side of the road that shade .

Well, why is, why are you only getting your shade from the side of the road?

There are better places to get shade from.

It seems like I'm the Vatican, but when I'm out on the road , to picture some stock roads, we have to, I'm a less someone in the sun.

Get burned.

That's the worst.

It is the worst.

All right.

Let me tell you of the points here.

Let's see.

You both picked the couch scenario, which was the right scenario.

So congratulations.

I know it.

You both get 100 points for that.

But Bob, because you made a sudden change up, you get bonus points.

You get an extra one bonus point.

So you end with 101.

Bob, you are a winner.

Congratulations.

Wow.

Just because the moxie that you showed for changing up your answer.

So congrats.

Why would you rather, of course?

And that's how we play.

Would you rather?

And we're going to hear Bob, we're going to hear your last thing at the very end.

We're going to do our very last feature first and then go into it.

But this is a little thing that we call plugs.

Oh, of course we know it's time for plugs.

Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen.

Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen.

Rosebud.

That was an ode to Farts in Procreation 2 by Scott Tamill.

Scott, that was great.

We heard a little too true Monfrayer in there.

That was an episode we did a couple of weeks ago with Adam Scott and Chelsea Bready and Harris Whittles.

A lot of callbacks from that episode.

If you have a plugs theme, send it over to earwolf.com under the Comedy Bang Bang message boards and we can play it and you can be famous for a week.

And Scott Tamill, you are famous for this week and this week only.

You will never be famous after this week.

Concludes Sunday is the end of your reign of terror.

And then we go back to the world in which we live, the modern world that we know and love so well.

But congratulations Scott, that was great.

All right, we're going to do these round table style.

I suggest we go clockwise.

We're going to go with Bob Odenkirk first.

Plugs.

Plugs and hugs.

Oh, and the 19th in like a few days, right?

I made a short film that's going to be on.

Well, yeah, I mean it'll.

Is that what it's supposed to do?

Yeah, it'll be out already because this is this is coming.

Oh, yeah.

I made a short film for the occasional the funnier die magazine.

Right.

And it's it's a really cool little film.

I hope you'll go see it.

It's called I Low LA.

I know it's under the title.

I low the LA.

It's called read my screenplay is now I low the LA.

That was as I recall the Daffy Mal Yuckel Yankle song that was played in the Mr. Show movie.

Really?

Yes.

I low the LA.

Oh, well anyways, it's this is a series of films they're going to make.

Oh, that's great.

I made one.

Cool.

So that you can get it in the the occasional the funnier die thing.

The occasional now.

You also are on Breaking Bad.

I'm on Breaking Bad.

And you just joined Twitter.

I did just join Twitter under Mr. Bob Odenkirk.

And that's MR Bob Odenkirk.

MR Bob Odenkirk.

Right.

And what do you expect to do there?

I intend to not Twitter very much.

Great.

So you're not going to get don't worry about your Twitter box getting full from me.

I'll just make a comment once in a while and tell people when something's happening.

Right.

That I'm in.

Anything anything else?

It's not like a description of my whole job.

Anything else?

No.

I do how I met your mother and that's it.

You're directing movies and all sorts of stuff is gone.

Check Mr. Bob Odenkirk for up to the date to the minute Bob Odenkirk news.

Pope, what do you like to plug here?

What about I've already mentioned my cooking show, Breaking Bread, Where the Gay is Hiding?

Sure.

I'm a writer on SNL.

Let's say I'll sketch show about gasoline.

SNL and what about UCB?

UCB, yes.

All those things, aftermash is coming out pretty soon.

How I met your son.

All good shows.

But as much as I rag on the Joes as one Jew I like, this Matt Besser guy.

Go to mattbesser.com.

He has this improv podcast on this very network called improv for humans.

That's a number four.

That's a great show.

That's one of my favorite shows that we put out.

I agree with your Scott.

Maybe better than my show.

Yes, it's better than all shows, all podcasts.

They have a WTF.

That's the only show I listen to every week.

So people should listen to improv for humans.

You're also doing some live dates coming, or not you, but Matt, that Jew that you like about Besser.

You know what?

I am going to be with you, Scott, in Minneapolis.

Me, the Pope.

I will show up in either Chicago or Minneapolis.

Oh, great.

I think B-Rachael show up in the other city.

We're doing, Matt Besser and I are doing three shows together, one in Minneapolis and two in Chicago, so that'll be fun.

Yes, it does.

What is this show, Scott?

We're doing a live, and now we're segueing into my plugs, but we're doing a Comedy Bang Bang Live tour, which is...

That's great.

It's a combination of everything that we're doing.

It's a combination of the TV show, the podcast, and the live show that I do at UCB.

So the first part of the tour is going to be everyone doing sort of more prepared material.

We're going to show stuff from the TV show, and I'm going to do some stuff inspired by the TV show, and then the last half is going to be a totally improvised show very akin to this podcast.

That's great.

So we're doing a live multi-city tour going to...

We just did a show in San Diego that was great.

Going to Minneapolis, Chicago two shows, Seattle, San Francisco, Portland, LA.

That's going to be a great show with Andy Daly and Nick C roll and Twittles will be there and some other special guests.

Then we're going to Boston, New York two shows, Philly, DC, and Vancouver.

All of that coming up, we're starting that off on July 29, so very soon.

And by the way, you can hear those shows.

We're going to be selling those.

You can either buy them individually, just the podcast part of it.

You can either buy them individually or in a package that we're setting up here.

We'll have more details about that as they come out, but look for at yourwolf.com.

Will there be any kind of punch-codd deal?

I mean, it's akin to that.

As subscription, you'll get a cheaper rate on them, basically.

And they'll come out the night that we do the show or the morning after, and it's almost like following us around on tour, like you're following fish or something.

I also want to talk about the Comedy Bang Bang show this Friday.

We have Elizabeth Banks.

I've talked about it a little bit.

Elizabeth Banks and David Wayne is on it.

You know him.

He directed her in Wet Hot American Summer and Ian Roberts from the Usabe.

And I want to give a shout out to Jacob Porway.

Jacob, thank you so much for donating $100 to earwolf or to Comedy Bang Bang in particular.

That's how I prefer you donate it to.

Yes.

And also I talk about freak dance.

That's a movie, Matt Busse, make it go to freakdancemovie.

com.

You can get it everywhere in our Scott.

Is it on iTunes?

iTunes, DVD, Amazon, every possible way.

And Matt Besser, that Jew you like, he spent a lot of time making that movie.

You sunk too much time.

He sunk a lot of energy into it, but it came out great from what I understand.

Oh, good.

And everyone go buy that movie, freakdance.

And that is it, guys.

We're going to go into Bob's...

First of all, before that, I want to thank you guys.

Bob, thank you so much for being here.

And Pope, thank you.

It's a pleasure to meet you.

It was a pleasure.

And we're going to go into your last piece.

Bob, how do you like to set this up?

So this was another...

In our attempt at a show called Mr. Blow, I came up with a game that I like to package and sell.

Do you know the Eurovision Song Contest?

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I love it.

If you don't know, I'd go to YouTube and watch some Euro vision entries.

They're basically a contest every year where different countries or all the countries of Europe send an artist with a song.

And it's usually a very disco-inspired, really inane, you know, electro-pop song that's just a zero.

They're really funny to watch.

So I came up with a Eurovision game.

And what it is is you would get like a couple backing tracks that are just Euro-trash-pop.

And then everyone at the table writes two lyrics.

And then the singer has to sing those lyrics over the song and then you get rated, right?

It's a fun game, right?

Yeah, it's a fun game.

So we played it.

We played it.

So what you're going to hear is David Cross and Mark Rivers singing lyrics that they just got on a piece of paper written by Eric Hoffman and me and Evan Schlett are providing the background music.

Alright, so it would be a prototype for a Eurovision home game.

And hopefully maybe this song, which I like, would be America's first entry into Eurovision.

And now that we have Obama as the...

We've been too cowardly to enter up till now.

Yes, and now with the socialism of Obama.

Yeah, of course.

Well, we'll talk about that on the next time you're on the show.

Great.

So we'll hear that and thanks to you guys.

So we'll hear that and we'll hear you next week.

Alright, thanks.

Bye.

Ladies and gentlemen, here they are.

America's entry into the next Eurovision contest.

They're giving themselves as America.

AM, E-R-E-C-H-O.

America.

Representing America in Eurovision with their song.

You say you love me, but I know that you mean it.

Ladies and gentlemen, America!

You say you love me, but I know you love me.

Words cannot tell me what heart say is true.

The detective come told me you left me.

I know what's said it.

Now you said it mean it.

But I know it's true.

Jew.

Jews are our fire.

Fire.

Wait now.

Jew.

Fire and fire.

That's falling straight for me.

Now we are kissing.

D-D?

Now we are kissing.

D-D?

Like a honeymoon.

What fall you make me you went for?

Look out, look out.

I'm swimming on you.

Take my hand and let me go.

Give me my hand back then don't let me go.

If you make me coffee, I'd wake you with love.

Don't hit me, don't hit me baby.

Don't hit me baby.

Because I am tired, no tired from the love.

Don't hit me, don't hit me baby.

Don't make me hit you.

Jew.

D-D?

Fire.

Wait now.

Jew.

D-D?

Fire.

Shoot.

Fire.

Shoot.

Now we are kissing.

D-D-D?

Fire.

Go to fire man.

Shoot.

Go to fire man.

Shoot.

Go to fire man.

Shoot.

Fire.

Shoot.

D-D-D.

Shoot.

D-D-D.

Fire.

In the air, love.

This has been an earwooled media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwooled radio.

Boom.

D-D-D-D.

The world's dead.
