---
layout: page
title: 169. Jay Chandrasekhar, Paul F. Tompkins [13380⧸21053].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

You know him as one of the members of the comedy team Broken Lizard.

He directed the movie Super Troopers among many other movies.

He has a new movie coming out.

Jay Shondra Seikar is here for the first time right here in the comedy Bang Bang Studios.

Also an old pal of ours.

You may have seen him recently on the comedy Bang Bang TV show.

Apparently he has a bone to pick with me.

He is here. All of that and more. All in today's!

♪♪♪ According to a recent survey, the new number one secret to a successful marriage?

Taco Night. Welcome to the show.

Welcome to comedy Bang Bang. I'm Scott Ockerman.

Yeah, thanks for that catchphrase submission Joel Morgan.

That's a good one.

I think that's advice that you can take to the bank.

I don't know why you are living at the bank.

But hey, you know, you got to put up your feet somewhere.

Taco Night.

According to a recent survey, the new number one secret to a successful marriage?

Taco Night. Enjoy that. Thanks Joel.

Welcome to the show. This is Scott Ockerman.

This is comedy Bang Bang.

And this is the podcast version of comedy Bang Bang.

If you're coming to us from the TV show, welcome.

Welcome to the show.

If this is your first show ever, wow, what a show we have for you today.

And just to let you know, this show is a little different from the TV show.

This is a little more leisurely, a little more relaxed, a little more slower pace.

We have a great time. We stretch out.

I've literally taken my shoes off much to the chagrin of our guests.

And we're just going to have a ball today and just, you know, pour some drinks, some mint juleps and just have a good time.

So that's the difference between the TV show and the podcast.

I think that's pretty clear.

Yeah.

And we have a fantastic show for you today.

We have one of our old favorites coming up a little later who has been seen on the comedy Bang Bang TV show.

And I want to talk to him about how his life has changed since that fateful airing of the television program.

But first off, I have a new guest to the show and it's always exciting when we have a new guest because you never know what you're going to get.

You know, it's like Christmas morning.

Are you going to get that, you know, I'm trying to think of a Christmas present.

Are you going to get that helicopter, G.I.

Joe helicopter that you always wanted?

Are you going to get a ventriloquist dummy?

Which was actually one of my Christmas gifts and many comedians, Christmas gifts, I think growing up because not that we were comedians when we were kids, but just we had an interest in the performing arts.

And our parents said, oh, you're interested in the performing arts?

Well, then you'll probably become a ventriloquist when you get older and you may as well start now on this dummy, which I wonder what the percentage of Christmas gifts are actually played with on Christmas day and then abandoned immediately.

I would say I think it's high.

I think it's 80%.

Special guest, what do you think?

Well, I think that's true.

I think I think mostly it's a box opening ceremony.

Yeah, because most of that crap is just shoved in a cabinet .

Right.

And then people will open it a few months later and go, oh, you have sorry.

And then nobody plays that.

Is that something you used to say in your native land?

Do you have sorry?

Yes.

That's right.

I apologize for that.

That is the last time we'll be saying it.

Is that this kind of show?

No, not at all.

I apologize.

It just was you laid it out there for me.

They may as well call Christmas Boxing Day for all, you know, they did.

Oh, they did.

Oh, I forgot about that.

Yeah.

But I do want to introduce our special guest.

He is, first of all, he is a member of the Broken Lizard Comedy Troop, which is how a lot of people got to know him.

But he's not only a performer in that troop, but he's also a director who's directed most all of their movies, all but one, all but one.

So the greater percentage of their movies he is responsible for.

And he also directs movies that are not broken lizard movies.

And he has when coming out this Friday, the baby makers, and we'll talk about that a little bit more.

Please welcome Jay Shandra Sekar.

Hello.

Oh, well.

Nice to not officially meet you.

We met a few weeks ago, but nice to be in your relatively new company.

Yeah, we met at your stand up show at the UCB.

And you did stand up there and did a very great job.

Thank you very much.

Had a ball.

It was the first time I'd ever been on the UCB stage.

Wow.

And how was it for?

What do you think of that?

I think it's a great room.

I like how the seats are sort of on the almost on the same level as you.

Yeah, they're everywhere surrounding you.

Yeah, and it's also not too many seats.

So a full room, it feels very electric.

It does.

That's the main difference.

And I, you know, not to take credit for it, but when they first moved over there, I kind of gave them some advice about where to put all the seats.

And it was really, I thought it was really important to me to have those seats on the stage there, like surrounding everything.

But there's just a sense of electricity there, isn't there?

You are taking credit for being the UCB seat coordinator.

I know.

What am I doing?

Do I have other things to...

I mean, you have a podcast, you have a TV show.

Jesus.

What's wrong with me?

What do I have to have that?

How often are you doing stand up out there on the road?

On the road or elsewhere?

Well, I've been going up maybe in LA once or twice a month, I'd say.

Not a ton, but...

Every two weeks it sounds like.

Yeah, that's about right.

And then I'm going to do Kevin Efron and Steve Lemme from Broken Lizard are going to do five shows at the improv outside Chicago in Schomburg.

And I'm going to do three of those.

Yeah.

And then in New York City on August 1st, Kevin Efron and I are going to do the Bowery Ball Room.

Oh, wow.

And are these improv shows?

These are stand up for a mixture.

What we do is we each do some stand up and then we'll tell a story from Super Troopers from shooting it or promoting it or maybe something from Beerfest and, you know, it's a pretty Randy and Rowdy event.

Did you guys start as an improv troupe?

Did you start as stand ups?

What exactly is the genesis of you guys' comedy careers?

Yeah, we all went to Colgate University in upstate New York and I took a semester off my junior year and went to Chicago where I'm from to try out.

I was already an actor in a lot of plays and musicals and all that sort of stuff.

Oh, like what music?

Because I come from the musical theater as well.

Okay, I'll tell you.

Kiss Me Kate.

Oh, love it.

Brigadier.

That's well, right?

Is that a swell from Kiss Me Kate?

I can't remember that one.

Okay.

I played the villain.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, the one who slaps around the dancer.

Yeah, I love it.

And then I was a Scottish Klansman in Brigadoon.

Brigadoon.

And it killed.

I was Tony in West Side Story.

Oh, fantastic.

Did you get that high B flat?

Yeah.

That was the note that was very hard for people to sing.

Yeah, I did that.

I got to sing that in a...

We did a little in my acting school.

We did a little tour of the teachers put together a combination presentation that lasted, I think, a half hour of scenes from Romeo and Juliet and scenes from West Side Story kind of cross fading into one another with the music of West Side Story underscoring Romeo and Juliet.

It was actually very powerful.

Nice.

But I played Tony in that.

So we have something in common.

Hello.

So I did a lot of that.

And then I went to Chicago, I was always sort of felt like I had a little bit of a funny, hopefully funny thing going.

So I went to Chicago to see if I could actually make a career out of it.

And I tried stand up.

And I was 19.

And it went pretty well.

And I joined up with also the Improv Olympic with this guy James Grace who is a friend of mine.

And the top improv group at the time was made up of Chris Farley and Dave Keckner and a bunch of these guys.

And so I just kind of studied that a little bit and I went back to Colgate and I said, here's how you do improv.

But I mean I only done it for a few months and certainly couldn't teach it.

And so I said, so we started it.

Here's how I think you do improv.

Exactly.

And it was not good.

And so I said, let's make a sketch group.

We'll write our sketches, we'll do something that's sort of a cross between SNL and Monty Python.

And so we put together the show and Colgate didn't have anything like it.

It was sort of an instant hit there.

And it was how long did it run?

Well, we did four nights the first time and then four nights the second time.

It was called Chard Goosebeak.

And it's still going.

I mean it's...

Oh really?

Yeah.

Okay, so that wasn't broken lizard at that point.

Chard Goosebeak.

But five of the guys from that group are make up broken l izards.

So we reformed in New York City after we graduated.

So basically it was a show with a lot of people in it that continues to this day.

Do they still use the material from back then or do they...

No, they write their own stuff.

You know how Second City sometimes uses, they'll pull something out of the trunk from the 50s and they'll still do it.

Yeah.

You know, I know they have done that.

But I haven't seen the show of theirs in a long time.

I don't really know.

But I mean the plan then was always shoot short films and shoot short videos and interspersed them in between our live stage stuff.

So...

Were you always the one shooting those or did you kind of ...

Well I own the camera.

There you go.

And you're a director.

You have to own the camera.

Nobody really knew how to do it and I didn't know how to do it either.

And so basically we put a tripod down and I'd press record and then jump into the scene.

And it was really raw.

And you learned sort of by mistakes.

You sort of watch it and you're like, God if we only had something to cut away to.

And then next time you shoot sort of a close up and then you kind of slowly start moving the camera and you know...

Oh wow.

So how do those dolly shots go when you're having to jump into the...

Not well.

But you know, we basically used to take office chairs and have the camera and sit on them and someone would push the office chair down the wooden floor and just make your own dolly.

So you go from doing live sketch shows with little video pieces.

But then all of a sudden, and maybe it's not all of a sudden to you, but it seems to the rest of the world, you have a movie, Super Troopers come out.

Which as far as my experience, I didn't know who you were when this came out.

It wasn't like it was like, oh, Peewee Herman, Peewee's big adventure came out.

Oh, I know that he had that HBO special and I know that he had the live show.

It just seemed like you came out of nowhere.

Well, yeah, I mean, you know, in New York, we were there when the same time the state was there.

And I think the UCB people were sort of forming just a little bit after that.

Probably, I don't know, 92.

Is that when they got out of the summer?

Yeah, somewhere in there.

93.

So they were in town too.

And we knew about the state because they...

Comedy Central came to our show and they were going to put one group on and give them a show.

That's what you heard.

And they told you.

That's what they said.

No matter what.

Someone's getting the show.

So we put on the show and we murdered it.

I mean, we just killed it.

And the next night, apparently they went to the state and apparently they killed it even better because they got the show.

And we were sort of like, all right, well...

This may be MTV that you're talking about because it was on MTV.

Okay, right.

And so we kind of felt like, all right, well, they're going to do that.

So let's go try to be Python and try to make movies.

Great.

And we made a half an hour film called the Tin Foil Monkey Agenda.

And it's basically, it was WAG the Dog.

I mean, before WAG the Dog came out, but it was...

The US has staged a fake invasion of a country called Pol onia.

And there's a dictator that I played with a mustache.

That's very important.

Very important detail.

With a mustache.

Ladies and gentlemen, he had a mustache.

He wasn't just some dictator without a mustache.

And essentially, CNN was allowed to follow this little crack team that was going into Polonia to abduct me.

It turns out to be a big fake.

And they're in Florida.

So we shot that half an hour film and then learned quite a bit.

I mean, it's spotty, I would say.

It's like some of it's quite good and some of it's quite bad.

But really...

Is it available right now?

Can people see?

No.

Great.

No.

But then we made a film called Puddle Cruiser, which we shot at Colgate University.

And it was...

The five of us were in it.

It's a feature film.

We went to Sundance, sold video, basically.

And then from that, we made Super Troopers.

Wow.

And so we didn't come out of Totally Thin Air.

Sure.

No one ever comes out of Totally Thin Air.

But it just...

It was surprising.

So you had a Sundance hit.

And that's how you got Super Troopers.

That's right.

Interesting.

And then Super Troopers is just a massive hit.

And all of a sudden you're the rocket ship to fame.

You had a...

How many people in your group?

Five.

You had a five tickets in that rocket ship to fame.

Five tickets.

No paradise.

Yeah.

One-way ticket, no stopping, no connections.

Just five tickets.

Direct flight to fame.

What am I trying to say here?

You know the thing about it is that Super Troopers really came close to not happening at all.

So we made Puddle Cruiser and then we wrote this movie about these cops.

And we took it around to all the studios and they're all like, yeah, can we do it without you?

No.

And we're like, no.

And so then we found one producer said, I'll give you the money as long as you put Ben Affleck in the role that I ended up playing.

No.

And so we were out of ideas and had no ideas where to get a million to, which is what we needed.

And this guy, this friend of ours, dad, retired from finance and he's like, I'm going to write screenplays.

So he called me up and said, do you mind talking to my dad?

He's kind of, you know, he wants to write screenplays.

And Kenny, do you mind if he picks your brain?

I'm like, yeah, okay, sure.

So I talked to him and I give him some advice on how to write screenplays.

And he's like, have you had anything I can read that you guys have written?

I'm like, yeah, here.

Why don't you read this?

And he read it and he said, can I, what's happening with this?

And I said, nothing.

What?

Yeah.

And he said, he goes, I'll make it.

How much?

And I said, we need a million, $260,000.

He goes, I'll give you a million too.

And so we put in the other 60.

Yeah, where'd you get that other 60?

That's what I'm gonna concentrate with.

Okay.

I don't think I have 60 to put in new videos.

And that was it.

Wow.

That's an insane story.

So I mean, that's, yeah, if you had not, if that person had called you and said, do you mind talking to my dad or was it the dad?

Was it her dad?

It was her dad.

Yeah.

Do you mind talking to my dad and you're like, I don't think so.

We wouldn't have made them.

Oh my gosh.

Yeah.

Crazy.

Wouldn't happen.

So that's a good life lesson for people out there.

If any of your friends ever say, can you talk to my dad?

Do it.

No matter what.

Do it.

No matter what.

So now since then, Broken Lizard, you've gone on to several films, but you also have a, it's sort of non-Broken lizard film coming out this Friday.

I mean, you certainly are in it and is it Kevin, is it?

Yeah.

Kevin Hefford and I are in a film called The Baby Makers, along with Paul Schneider and Olivia Munn.

Did you guys write it?

No, these guys, Peter Gawkey and Jerry Swallow wrote it.

Okay, so cool.

And we, you know, we wrote a bunch of jokes for it with them and I think rhythmically it probably is going to feel somewhat like a broken lizard film in terms of how the comic is, comedies are organized.

Right.

But it's, you know, it's got a little more, uh, for real acting in it.

It's a little more of a story then.

It's a little more, yeah.

Like I hear the answer.

When you say it.

No, no, I'm kidding.

I'm kidding.

Hey, come on.

No, when you say Olivia Munn, you mean real acting.

The other movies are, um, are, you know, you have five leads, right?

Right.

This is the movie with one lead.

Right.

And his wife and, and what's the basic story about it?

I know it's, it's about a couple trying to get pregnant.

A couple tries to, tries to have a baby and, and the guy's sperm is no longer good.

Uh, and you find out that, uh, because of testicular trauma , it's no longer good.

And he, it used to be good because he used to donate to a sperm bank when he needed extra money for his wife's engagement ring.

Uh, and so he goes back to try to get that sample from the old sperm bank and they've sold it to a, a couple already and the couple's reluctant to give it to him because they really like him.

Uh, and so his friend sort of hatches his plan, Kevin Efron in, of sort of staging a sperm bank heist.

So it's a, Oceans 11 with sperm with sperm.

Fantastic.

And, and who do you play in it?

I play this, uh, uh, X Indian mafia guy named Ron John.

Uh, I will mention I have a beard.

Oh, okay.

Very, very important.

Wait, is this just a beard or do you have a mustache attached to the beard?

Okay.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

Oh boy.

I said an Amish beard.

That was a close call.

Yeah.

This is a real beard and, uh, did you grow it?

Oh yeah.

Oh, nice.

So how long did you have to have that beard?

Uh, about, uh, seven, eight weeks.

And you're a married man.

I'm a married man.

And how did the wife like, uh, the beard?

Um, I don't think she liked it.

Mm.

Yeah.

I say directly, I do not like it.

Okay.

Then that's a, the first and best clue that she does not.

You think, you know, the, the story with beards is that, you know, it, it's always good for muff diving, but, uh, I've been married for eight years .

There's no, there's no more beard.

The pool is closed.

That's right.

You can swear on this, right?

Yeah.

Sure.

Have a ball.

Okay.

Um, all right.

Cool.

So baby makers that opens this Friday in a lot of theaters.

It opens in 10 cities.

Uh, and, and also for those who are not in those 10 cities, um, you can download on iTunes on the same day.

Really?

So it's date and day release.

Date and day.

So, uh, see it in the theater because it's a lot more fun seeing movies, I think comedies with a bunch of people around laughing.

Yeah.

I think that's the best way to see a comedy.

But if you're not, download that sucker.

Yeah.

Legally, please.

Yeah.

But I mean, it's, it's like these smaller movies are, are the, you know, the, the distribution, uh, is evolving.

Uh, you know, it, it, it, the big studios are, are, you know, they spend like $25 million to release a film and some of the comedies are making it through.

But I think a lot of these smaller films are going to start trying this theaters and VOD at the same day.

So we'll see.

It's, it's kind of experimental.

What was the budget on this film?

Uh, we made it for about three.

Three.

All right.

So you could have made two super troopers.

Uh, that's right.

You paid back your credit card debts.

Right.

That's right.

Cool.

Well, Jay, um, we're going to, you're going to be sticking around the whole show.

I take it.

Sure.

Thank you so much.

And, uh, let's go to a break here for a second.

When we come back, an old friend of the show is going to be here with us.

This is comedy bang bang.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back.

And I'm here with Jay Shondra Seikar, who has the baby makers coming out this Friday from broken lizard, uh, as well.

And, uh, from, uh, of Dukes of Hazard directing fame.

Yes.

They're rebooting that.

What's happening with the Dukes of Hazard?

I heard David Gordon Green is going to do a, uh, 70s moonsh ine country adventure.

And they may call it Dukes of Hazard if it has enough similarities.

I don't know.

I mean, I, look, I know that in general, a lot of these studios like, um, uh, to have, you know, unaided awareness, they call it.

And so if they can, uh, you know, like there was an original movie called, uh, White Lightning, I believe, which was like a really gritty, um, moonshining movie about two kind of cousins.

And that's what the original was based on.

Oh, the Dukes of Hazard was based on?

So maybe they're going to go back to that kind of thing.

Oh, interesting.

And that would be cool.

David's great filmmaker.

Yeah.

He's a great filmmaker.

You're a great filmmaker.

I think maker.

That's a very hard word to say right now.

You're taking a sip of water filmmaker, filmmaker.

Well, speaking of filmmakers, uh, our next guest here on the show is not one.

And instead he has his own reality TV show.

You've seen him recently on the comedy bang bang TV show and, uh, we're going to hear all about that.

That's right.

Oh boy.

And he's got an accident.

His name is a buddy.

I always get it wrong.

Buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy, bill, bill, vlstra.

Now you do it now.

You intentionally I'm not like my day.

I'm not intentionally.

You look at your phone for the press.

I've been on this show one billion times, buddy, will, will , will, uh, villa, villa, villa, villa, buddy, but I suck.

No, that's my wife's name.

Now you're doing it to me.

My sack is my wife's name.

You're infecting me buddy.

Velastro, buddy, velastro, velastro, velastro, velastro, velastro, velastro, velastro.

Okay.

The cake boss is as you're more, as you're more common.

We know that's right.

At the boss of those cakes.

And it also is the title of your program.

That's right.

It's called cake boss.

It's on the learning channel.

What did you, you, you're listening.

Let me tell you something.

It's not oxygen, but you already are the very thin icing.

That's what we say.

The cake.

That's right.

Could you what I think to be thick and luscious?

Sure.

And if a cake is the icing, you can see right through it to the dark cake.

No one likes to see a nude cake.

Um, now you, do you remember it all the time when they used to cover up table legs because they would make people would have sex.

And they saw a table legs.

They'd be like, Oh, my chicken ball.

I gotta get on top of you.

People were insane back then.

What was happening?

It was because they had so many wigs on.

Yeah.

It's like, Oh, this fourth wig is really shutting up circulation to my brain.

They were painting molds on their faces.

I think they ate too much mercury.

Would you rather live back then or, or.

Yeah.

Okay.

Why, why do you take this?

Have you been in this old time?

Yeah, buddy.

Oh boy.

Uh, why do table legs make you want to have sex?

That's how it wasn't old.

Sometimes because, uh, I guess sex was hard to come by.

So you would see a table like you'd be like, that reminds me of a woman's like that reminds me of having sex with ladies.

What would the legs be involved?

Hard penis.

Oh, the language.

How about the learning channel?

That's right.

You are on the learning channel.

And J. Have you ever seen buddy show?

Uh, it, what is it called?

Cake, cake, cake stuff.

It's not called cake stuff.

I'm the boss of cake.

This is not just a bunch of cake materials lying around.

That would be an interesting show though.

Cake bosses, cake stuff.

Where you, you have cake stuff lying around.

Right.

And it's a challenge to you.

Can you make a cake out of all this cake stuff lying around ?

That's kind of what the show is already.

Oh, okay.

Cake stuff, time, but I never have enough time to do it.

That's right.

Because a staple of your show, J, if you haven't seen it is , someone will.

And if you have it, I feel bad for you.

Someone will come in.

I'm kidding you.

Someone will come into buddy's store, if I may call you buddy.

You may.

They will ask him, hey, I have, I need a cake for my grandmother's 85th birthday.

I'll stop them right there and say, hey, it's for horses.

Of course.

That's one of the best parts of this show.

It's just a good manners.

It's my cake kitchen.

Would you say straws cheaper grass is free by a farm and you get all three?

That's right.

Sure.

No one understands it.

No one does, but it's one of your- One time I wrote that on a cake.

Just because someone said, hey to you.

It was a cake for a wolf's birthday.

Okay.

And eccentric, do you remember that guy who had the exotic private zoo?

Oh, I loved him.

No, no, he killed himself in all the animals free.

I made him a cake before he died.

Oh, really?

Yeah, I made him.

I made a birthday cake for all of his exotic animals.

A separate one for each one or one?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, he was big.

Balls.

Okay, so they each got their own cake.

He's got their own cake.

Oh, so it's almost- That though is a communal cake that had elements of all the things that all the different animals like the wheat.

It's almost like when a little league team goes and gets personal pan pizzas after a game and then they also take a slice out of the big pizza.

What kind of league?

Little league.

Baseball, little league softball baseball.

I know what baseball is.

Little league.

Why do you- Why do you keep saying that?

It's a thing.

Right?

J.

Little league.

But I have a question.

You know what though?

Yeah, but was there meat in these animals' cakes?

Sometimes.

The thing is it would be a cake.

The communal cake would be it would have all the kinds of foods that all the different animals like the eaters.

Sometimes the duck cake goes.

That's a muggotiable.

There was the little animals in there.

What was that word you said to some person?

I had to muggogogog.

Roughly translated.

What is that in English?

Oh boy.

That's very great.

And so that cake had everything in it.

It had the grash.

It had little rocks for the suggestion.

Because they were the Ed Bird's on this farm.

Yeah, yeah.

I remember.

Not really a farm.

It's more of a zoo.

A private zoo.

I think a private zoo is a farm, right?

In a way.

Yeah.

If it's not open to the public.

I'm wondering if the very definition of a farm is you need to have product that comes out of it.

I eat milk and hay and wheat and stuff like that.

I thought it was just if you had straw in your mouth.

You had a farm.

That might be it.

If you have more than two animals and a piece of straw in your mouth, guess what?

You got a farm.

I'm worried.

Would you like to get some more?

Except for my new book?

Yeah, you might have a farm.

That's called guess what?

You got a farm.

Oh, sorry.

Sometimes it gets you credit.

It's very definitive.

I'm telling people.

Guess what?

You got a farm.

Where's this November?

So then the personal cakes, they were just be cakes.

They were cakes.

Okay, good.

A lot of the animals didn't care for them.

You know who loved them was raccoons.

They ate every single thing.

They love everything.

They had raccoons in the zoo?

Yeah, they weren't that interesting.

That is my favorite exhibit at the zoo, the raccoon.

He saw them with raccoons.

He started that way.

I like every time I go to the zoo, and he's doing all private farm.

I will always first visit the raccoon enclosure.

I'll stop by the opossum exhibit.

I'll check out the pigeon aviary.

Sounds like this guy had a raccoon infestation that turned into a zoo.

Oh, that could be so.

Yeah, that might be it.

Because he never spoke kindly about those raccoons.

Right.

Well, getting back to...

No, I'm sorry.

Like keeping you for something?

Well, I feel like we went on a tangent.

And it's time to come back to our original question.

I like to be at the Boba conversation, usually.

But I guess you like things very rigid.

Well, I do believe that some listeners were just hanging on every word and wondering when the other shoe were to drop.

Okay, all right.

There's that question where to go.

Okay.

So when I meant to ask...

Don't you tell your tiger mom who toy the train to you at one and a half.

So the other shoe that I'm talking about is that when people go into your cake kitchen, and you've never seen the show, Jay, but when they ask Buddy here, okay, I need a cake and I need it for my grandmother's birthday.

And he says he's going to make a beautiful cake.

I always assure that it's going to be beautiful.

Here's what we're going to do.

We're going to do a bit.

Pop, boop.

The other thing.

Far down.

I think little figurines are at the top.

Everything is edible.

And then your next question is, of course...

When do you need it?

I need it by Friday at 8am.

No, I would use it Saturday at 7pm.

Oh, he never has enough time.

I never have enough time to make these cakes.

But then they say, well, I could probably come by Saturday.

No, I would use it Sunday, two in the morning.

You really do a lot of cake dropoffs then.

You know I don't sleep, right?

Oh, I had no idea.

Yeah, I haven't slept in three years.

There's a lot of weird stuff that you have said on this show, but that's not come up.

Can't take an example, please.

Well, the fact that you were bitten by a cake bug.

Yeah.

And now you have the gift of the second sight.

Right.

So, what about the other instance when you were bitten by a cake scarab?

Uh-huh.

And what did that give you?

That gave you...

They barely talked to the dead.

The dead.

Also fictional dead people.

Fictional dead characters, yes.

Yeah, your point being.

If you have died in...

For instance, if you have died in a fictional book.

If you died in a fictional book or in a real book.

Or if we can gather that you are dead by now because it was someone like Huck Finn who was alive in the...

It's been so long ago.

Yeah, so that you must be dead by now.

That's right.

Then you have the ability to talk to them.

Yeah.

Jay, have you ever met a human being with these characteristics?

I mean...

No, I haven't.

I'm kind of curious though.

You're from Jersey, your name is the cake boss.

That's the cake boss.

Cake boss.

Is there any organized criminal element to the...

Oh!

Oh, Mark Merrell!

Let's go!

Whoa!

Ah!

I don't know.

Whoa!

Ray Barone over here!

You can't!

That's very salty.

You may have gathered that I'm of Italian descent.

Yeah.

And that's not a funny thing where I come from.

It's a very real problem in the world.

It's not necessarily a problem, but it is part of the Italian heritage.

I mean, Italian people had to make their way any way they could.

There's crime in every culture.

It's not so much the Italian thing as much as the word boss .

Yeah, that's a little suspect.

You decide to call yourself the boss.

I'm not the cake copo.

That's true.

Right on the cake, Father.

I'm just the cake boss.

I boss those cakes around.

So it's because you do the verb of bossing the carat.

It's a little less.

It's very simple.

I'm not only the boss of making cakes.

I'm also the employer of several lazy cakes.

That's an in a kitchen.

Oh, okay.

And I don't do nothing.

Right.

But I've got them.

You made these cakes originally?

I made these cakes.

I figured I got every right to order them around.

So you made them, but they were not for customers?

No, they were cakes to help me in the kitchen.

So they were meant to be your service?

Yeah.

Robot cakes.

No, come on.

That's ridiculous.

Do you see the movie Fantasia?

Yeah.

I thought because I made them and I imbued them with love that they will come to life.

They would hate me in the kitchen.

But they just sit there and gather mold.

Maybe you didn't use enough cinnamon because that was...

That didn't happen one time.

In one of his other appearances, one of his cakes did come to life.

It was R2D2 cake.

R2D2 cake.

He used too much cinnamon.

And it achieved sensey.

A robot cake.

Yeah.

And then I had to eat it to death.

Yeah.

And he's able to talk to that in using the power of the cakes as well.

That is true.

But I can't understand it because all he says is beeps and boops.

Yeah.

When you say that loud, this is a crazy history that we have.

And together things...

Life is long, Scott Oxleman.

He gets me the X-Men.

He twists and turns.

Yeah, that's true.

Ask anybody to look back on their life and they'll tell you like, oh, this crazy thing happened.

It's a spring break.

And you know, I got a car accident or whatever.

Jay, are you a dessert man?

Yeah.

I like chocolate mousse.

Oh, let me rephrase the question.

Jay, do you have a beating hot?

Because you're a dessert man.

Everybody is.

I think you skipped over what his answer was though.

He said, yes.

Do you make like a chocolate mousse cake?

I've made cakes that have employed chocolate mousse.

Yes, that is true.

I mean, he's...

It sounds like he exclusively likes chocolate mousse.

Let me ask you a direct question.

Okay.

And don't try to wiggle out of this.

I'm going to be like, they have a Gregory on you.

Jay Chantricka Chaka.

Do you like cake?

Yeah.

Yeah, of course he does.

Scott Oxleman.

You try to create attention.

It doesn't exist.

Okay, I'm sorry.

It all seemed like he likes cake.

I just realized.

What's that?

I don't know if you like cake.

You've never asked me nor will I ever answer.

You've got to answer me.

I, you know, at one time I do believe I told you that I tend to prefer pie.

That's the same thing though, right?

No!

No, no, no, no.

Don't say that to MJ, please.

Oh, no.

Oh, Marska, fuckers.

Oh, I'm going to go crazy.

Oh, Marska, fuckers.

Marska Boney.

You got to be kidding me.

Cake and pie that are the same thing.

Cake is superior.

It's light and fluffy.

Pie is disgusting, slimy mess that looks like it's not even finished being baked.

Why does it look like it's not finished being baked?

It's like it's guts.

Do you remember that pie is strikes back when it looks sky walk as the crawl inside his tauton and he slits it open and that all the guts spill out .

That's what a pie looks like to me.

Ugh.

I've never eaten a pie.

Never in my life.

I never would even on a bat.

Not even one time.

Not even a cheesecake.

Is that a pie or is that a cake?

Cheesecake is a other.

I remember when I worked at Marska.

Listen.

Okay.

There's cake.

There's pie and there's cheesecake.

We call it the other.

Okay.

Wow.

That's creepy.

You've never been.

Here's what you don't know about cheesecake.

Nobody makes it.

It just happens.

What?

What is the cheesecake factory then?

They're pretending.

They're pretending they're in control of it but no one's in control of cheesecake.

It spontaneously appears a dog can explain it.

Oh my gosh.

It's like something out of the TV show Fringe.

Fringe.

You actually said that one correctly.

I thought you were saying, friend.

Chandler, Rachel, Frost, Monica.

Okay, Fringe.

Fringe.

Okay.

Great.

All that spooky stuff happened.

Yeah, yeah.

Fringe.

No one with the spontaneous cheesecake.

Yeah.

Good bus.

All right, buddy.

We're going to talk to you a little bit more after this break.

Oh, okay.

I know you have a bone to pick with me.

Yeah.

All right.

I do.

We're going to figure this out.

Well, I'm more Jay Shondersek.

I'm more buddy, something cake boss and we'll be right back with more comedy back.

Comedy bang.

Oh, God.

Cake boss.

Okay.

So are you repeating comedy bang bang and cake boss?

Cake boss.

Oh, okay.

Good.

You're only doing cake boss.

Cake boss.

So comedy bang bang and we're back here with Jay Shondersek .

All right.

Also Paul.

Oh boy.

We're back here with cake boss, of course.

Cake boss Paul lids with you.

The ghost of Paul lids.

He said, hello.

I don't play football.

Who's that?

I don't know.

That was bad.

Okay.

Um, and so Jay, let me set the, let me set this up for a little bit.

I have a TV.

Let's play a little bit TV version of the show of the podcast here.

We was adapted to TV.

Yeah.

Mistake.

Thank you.

Not a fan.

Well, we'll talk about it.

Okay.

So I did some of my regular guests a solid and I had them on the TV version of the show, even though they're not big enough stars.

Okay.

The stars I have on this TV show.

Oh my gosh.

We have Zach Galifenak.

So we have Seth Rogen.

We have Paul Rudd.

We have Amy.

And it's almost as if it wasn't cloudy because the stars were out at night whenever the show was on.

Yeah, yeah.

And then I also threw a bone to some of the regulars on my show, such as Buddy here, even though they don't really warm.

I mean, you know, they're maybe okay for like second guest booking on a talk show.

You know what I mean?

Well, have you ever been first guest on a talk show, Jay?

Uh, yeah.

You at which show?

Jimmy Kimmel.

Kimmel, you were first.

I believe so.

Congratulations.

Well, ago.

A guest is what we call it.

Very nice.

That's a step.

Yeah.

Very good.

Oh, they showed a clip of your work.

Yeah.

Oh, that didn't happen on the show on which I appeared.

Well, they don't show a clip for the second second guest.

Oh, really?

Yes, I can guess.

Unprecedented never happens ever in the world.

Maybe they have sometimes.

But yeah, Buddy, have you ever been first guest on a show?

I would.

I would see.

I haven't been first guest on a show.

I have my own television show named after me.

So yeah, I think I have been.

All right.

I mean, I had a talk show, but, but so I think I met on a talk show too.

I've been first guest on a talk show with show.

Do you know, annotators with Byron Allen?

Yeah, I've seen that one.

Well, there you go.

Did they let you show a clip?

It was all clips.

It was me and Byron just hanging out and talking about clips of my cake.

Cakeball show.

I was just hanging out with Byron.

He's just like...

I like kicking it with Byron Allen.

He's a good conversationalist.

I like a good conservationist.

He's conservationist.

He's a conversationalist.

He's a consultant.

He's a contrary.

He's a conno.

He's a constrictor.

Yeah.

He is a courageous captain.

Does he like cake?

Of course he likes cake.

Byron Allen loves cake.

Did you ever see cake in it with Byron Allen?

Okay.

And yeah, I can check back next to that one.

And check.

So basically I threw Buddy here and a few other people a bone.

It's a junky show that he calls it some favors for people that will well know that him.

He tries to basket their reflected light.

I know.

I mean, maybe there's a little bit of truth to that.

Okay, I'll take that.

I'll take the hit on that.

But maybe I'm trying to...

If someone's going to write up the ladder of fame, maybe I can hold on to their shoes a little bit and you know.

Yeah, I don't know.

You can't hold on to somebody's shoes while they try to get up a ladder.

Maybe not.

You have to have some amazing upper body strength.

Well, have you ever seen me?

Have you ever seen me?

No, wait, you're not hanging on to the shoes.

Yeah, have you ever seen me with my shirt?

I'm saying the person who's...

Oh, no.

They have to have tremendous upper body strength.

Oh, okay.

Well, so would I, I would think.

I don't know.

Maybe both of you.

Maybe if everybody needs it.

Yeah, I don't know.

And I thought it was a great appearance.

You were on with Michael Sarah and...

Yeah, who was that?

He's an actor.

He was a...

Do you know him, Jay?

Yeah, I worked with him on Arrested Development.

Oh, yeah, cool.

He...

Yeah.

He was on that.

Super bad.

He was a super bad.

You seemed very confused by his presence.

Yeah.

I couldn't tell if he was real or not.

I thought he was from a woodland Glen.

The way he's...

The way he's grown out of his hair.

He looks sort of like a little pixie in a way.

I thought it was like Gene Wilder had Benjamin Button disease.

Or Benjamin Button had Gene Wilder disease.

He was either one of those.

Oh, I never thought about that possibility.

Yeah, good of a bet.

We better juggle this Benjamin Button.

He was okay.

Yeah, we better.

And also Mr. Wilder.

Yeah.

But, so Buddy was on my show and I thought it went great.

I don't know.

Good.

You know?

Good talk show appearance.

What makes a good talk show appearance to you, Jay?

What do you...

You know, you got to be able to think off the cuff.

I think...

Mission accomplished.

Show a couple jokes.

You did that.

Maybe did you bring out a cake for someone to taste?

Go.

That is one thing that we didn't do.

You didn't bring out cake.

I was not asked to do that.

Who's supposed to ask you that?

I mean, like...

Oh, do you have any producers that work for your show?

I'm supposed to show up with a kitchen of my own and make you a cake right there in the studio.

We could have done that.

Yeah.

When I was on Byron Allen, Edithatus.

Okay.

A different Byron Allen show?

I'll tell you.

Hey.

There's that same one.

The same one.

Okay.

Sorry.

He's got so many projects.

Byron Allen brought in items from his home kitchen and we made a cake together and it was a cake of the two of us making a cake.

Wow.

And then inside that cake was there another cake of the two of you making a different cake?

There was a picture of that.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Wow.

It sounds like a magic trick.

Edible picture.

It was.

It blew people's minds and several people committed suicide in the viewing audience.

Oh my gosh.

That sounds like a story for another time though.

No, if only.

If only you had another terrible talk show to have me as a guest.

Here's my problem.

You maybe look like a real jerk on that show.

I don't know how I did that.

Here's what you all.

This is the way you ask your questions.

You couch them in this way that makes me look like a screaming fat lunatic.

Ow.

I don't remember what I asked you, but I do.

Okay.

What was it?

You ask questions like, uh, cake boss.

Why don't you scream yell for us?

I never ask you that question.

Did so many words.

I mean, you ended up screaming in yelling.

How did I get there?

I don't know because you, it seems like you start from there and you.

Let me talk to Jake.

Jake, I go on the show and I say to the people, uh, listen, I'll do whatever you want.

Just please don't ask me to scream yell.

Uh, I'm under the weather.

My throat is very sore.

I'm drinking hot tea and hoodie and I'm eating a lot of cake.

And, uh, all the last thing I can do is scream yell.

It also would be a fat and, uh, Scott Oxen, but as we on this show, it's like, I want to say the first question was, Hey, fat.

So why don't you scream yell a little bit?

I really don't think I asked that.

I think I asked you to tell us about your reality show on T LC.

Well, if anybody ever saw that show, they could corroborate my story, but obviously I think maybe that's what you're hearing because you look at yourself and what you see is a screaming loud yelling fat.

So, and that's not what the rest of us see.

What the rest of us see is a kind, gentle, warm human being that is excellent at his job.

Scott, you have shaped me and also give me hope for the future because you're right.

I do hate myself.

That was your subjects, right?

Yeah.

I hate myself.

Right.

I like because I feel ugly on the inside.

It comes out on the outside as a bunch of screaming and yelling.

Yeah.

That happens.

Who does that happen to?

Well, it happens a little babies normally.

The worst.

Yeah.

Jay, do you have children?

I do.

Yeah.

Do they scream in yellow light?

Oh, all the time.

How old are they?

I have two five year olds, two six year old girls and a seven year old boy.

Yeah.

Where are they?

How many of that altogether?

It's two five year olds.

Two six year olds.

They're six year olds now.

Are they twins or are they from twin?

What did this happen?

Twins.

And they must have screamed in yellow light and why is that because they don't get their way because they don't like themselves?

What is it?

I mean, you know, they're mad about cake, you know, they're pushing cake too.

Do they like cake?

They love cake.

Love cake.

All little children love cake.

Yeah.

That's why I started making cakes to be a friend to all little children.

Oh, is that why?

Sort of like Michael Jackson?

Who?

He was this popular singer.

He was in the Jackson five that he went on to fame.

That sounds familiar.

Not Michael Sarah.

Whoa, wait, are you talking about Jermaine Jackson?

Jermaine Jackson was in that group, the Jackson five, but he had a more famous brother.

Jackson five.

Yeah.

I want you back.

I know Jermaine Jackson.

Yeah.

I know Tino Jackson.

Sure.

I know.

Rebby Jackson.

Yeah.

All part of the Jackson five.

That's three of them right there.

I know.

Marlin Jackson.

Marlin's in there too.

Yeah.

That's four of the five.

I'm going to go with Jermaine Jackson.

No, she's not part of the Jackson five, but she is a sibling to them.

Joe Jackson.

Joe Jackson's the father or and or a an English singer of his own accord.

But what you're missing is the most famous Jackson, I have to say.

Wanda Jackson.

Wanda Jackson, she was a 50 singer who dated Elvis.

I think what you're missing here is Michael Jackson saying thriller.

Michael Jackson.

He's saying beat it.

He's saying the girl is mine.

Maybe that's more of your.

The promo card.

He's saying that with Paul McCartney.

He's not.

Remember how Paul McCartney said.

Michael Jackson.

I don't believe it.

Remember that?

And he was the other guy.

Yeah.

He was the other guy.

Michael Jackson.

Yeah.

It's tough, but he had off the wall.

Oh, wait, wait, wait.

He molested a whole bunch of children.

Oh, Michael Jackson.

Yeah.

That's the one.

Yeah.

Anyway, yeah.

The most famous molester in the world.

Yeah.

The best in the biz.

So I certainly achieved a world now.

Yeah, he did.

Anyway, so I managed you for the TV appearance, but I forgive you because you realize you make me realize I'm really mad at myself.

That's right.

He's mad at yourself.

You got to love yourself.

Why do I make those cakes?

Well, you, yeah, you know, I mean, do I have to do it forever?

Are you, can I ask you a question?

This is a little, I'll open book.

There's a little offbeat.

Okay.

I wouldn't ask anyone this question, but I mean, knowing your history, I kind of think that this could be a possibility.

Are you an immortal?

Hm.

Immortal means like you can't die, right?

You cannot die.

Yes.

Then yeah.

You are an immortal.

Yeah.

How long have you been alive?

Boy, it was like, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, probably.

You remember World War II?

Yeah, I'm trying to think.

I was quite a jump.

I was quite a fire.

I got a notion.

Yeah.

I'm pretty old guy, a pretty old guy.

Oh my God.

So you are maybe the first human and the last human.

You were there at the beginning.

You'll be there at the end.

I had to outfit the Omega.

How long have you been making cakes?

For as long as there's big cakes, I guess?

Okay.

And do you have to make them forever?

I don't know.

Maybe the World War will end when you finally realize you don't have to make cakes.

When you stop making cakes and maybe that's when the world ends.

But if you, if the cake boss should stop making cakes, then only the cake employees will have the cake baking tools.

And if I cake employees, you mean those other cakes in your kitchen?

Yeah.

With the ones with little rocks in them.

If cakes, that will hold out a second, Jane.

Now those special cakes for animals, the birds to eat.

The cakes of my kitchen is just a bunch of old cakes that they'll do nothing.

I think that you could probably make those come to life if you really wanted to.

It sounds to me like you're more than the boss of just cakes.

It sounds to me like you might be the boss of everything.

But, can I tell you the secret of this podcast?

Sure, yeah.

They won't get out.

I have a special immortal being who's given stewardship over all the earth.

And it's a bit of a hassle because there's not enough time.

They don't want to make them pay off.

People just say it all the time.

It's like nails on a chalkboard.

Yeah, it's like calling something a cunt cheese.

But, if you have too much cunt cheese, by the way, be sure to see a doctor.

But getting back to subject matter, dirty early Letterman.

So, where's Hiram Bullock?

But wow, this is, this is, Jay, have you ever heard the like of this?

This isn't quite a story.

I've never heard cunt cheese into dirty early David Letter man.

No, I've heard that.

Wow.

I suppose you've never made a cunt cheese cake.

Can we move on?

Yeah, let's talk about knowledge.

Not a purpose, certainly.

So wow, but I mean, you're the boss.

You are the boss and you're the alpha.

You're the amazing.

Yeah, I am who am.

And we are, we're in your servitude.

Kind of.

And you're like these funny little creatures that I watch call around on the surface of the earth.

You can't even make cakes by yourselves.

So why bother with the reality show?

That's what I wonder.

I mean, if you're, you know, it's fun to be on television.

Yeah, everyone wants to be on TV.

Isn't it great?

It's really great.

I wish I could act.

I think I could have been a good actor if I possessed acting talent.

Yeah.

Oh yeah, what would you have done?

I think the only thing holding me back from being a truly great actor is that I don't have a talent for acting.

Yeah.

But you would have been amazing.

Oh, my lord, if only I had acting talent, I would be such a great actor.

Oh, Mark Maron.

All right.

Well, you know, we always, we always learn something new about you every time you're on the show.

I feel like you learned that all now.

This might be a, I don't know.

This might be it.

Where do you go from there?

I don't know if I, yeah, I don't know if I have any secrets left.

I don't know.

I think, you know what?

I think when we scratch your particular cake, you're not going to be a nude cake.

You still have a lot of icing that we're going to scratch.

I don't want to be a nude cake.

But this is probably my final appearance.

Oh, gosh.

Okay.

Well, we better do something before you leave then.

It's time for one of our favorite features on the show.

It's time for a little something called would you rather.

Little boy.

Can we talk during the game?

No.

Sorry.

No talking during the game.

Oh, he said something.

All right.

Time to play would you rather.

And we all know how this is played.

People send us would you rather scenarios to my Twitter, which is at seat, not my Twitter, but the show's Twitter at CBBWIR, which is comedy bang bang .

Would you rather just send them on over there and we'll pick one of yours.

I pick the best ones.

It's up to you guys to ask me questions about each scenario to try to figure out which scenario is better for you.

I will then close the floor for questions.

You will vote on your choice.

Please no voting before the floor is closed for questions.

And then we'll tally up the points and we'll see who wins.

That's pretty simple, right?

May I ask a non gameplay related question?

You may.

Haven't I won this game every single time?

The Cake Boss game?

To be honest, I wish there was some kind of show tracker that had those types of stats.

I wish there was some statistician with would you rather.

How come nobody's keeping track of the would you rather win as a losers?

I know that it you know our Wicked Pedia page like.

Wicked Pedia.

Yeah, I hate it.

For Boston.

You're going down to date, Cake Boss.

Cool, Cake Boss.

I'm going to take you down today.

Wicked Pedia.

Yeah, it's updated with like the songs we play and all sorts of stuff, but not the would you rather stats?

All right, so start that up.

Some fan with way too much time on your hands.

Don't do that disturbed person.

All right, so this comes to us from I believe it's St.

Sauver Oakley.

Yes.

Street Saver Oakley.

I don't know exactly what it is.

Yes, Street Saver.

St. Saver?

He or she asks would you rather be a personal elevator operator for Donald Trump?

Or care for a forest of man eating plants?

All right, so would you rather be a personal elevator operator for Donald Trump or care for a forest of man eating plants?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

I have a question.

Oh, of course, Cake Boss.

This elevator operator position for Mr. Donald Trump.

This elevator.

I'm sensing a catch here.

Does the elevator ever go to hell?

This is why you're so good at this game.

You know what questions to ask almost immediately.

Yes, the elevator is constantly going to hell because of course that's where Donald Trump is from.

Well, fortunately, that's right.

Yeah, of course.

So you're spending a lot of your downtime in hell just waiting around for Donald Trump.

Follow up.

Do I get, oh, you okay?

I don't know.

I said sure and burped at the same time.

Ew.

A bit of exile that came out of you.

If, oh, I'm precedented.

Go ahead.

Oh, this is how you win the game.

This is how you win the game.

Oh, gosh, I'm going to go ahead.

If in order to take care of a man eating forest of plants, force of man eating plants, but yes, little penalty, would I be allowed to get a sex change to become a woman?

That scenario you are required to get a sex change in order to become a woman?

Yeah, so keep that into consideration.

I have a question.

Okay.

Is this the follow up to your previous?

Yeah.

Okay.

A little late on that follow up, Cake Boss.

Cake Boss, while I'm waiting for Mr. Trump to come back to the elevator, am I free to wander about Hades or am I just have to sit there on my little stool in the elevator?

And is there a little stool in there?

Well, first of all, there is no stool.

So you are allowed to wander about you get about 23 hours out of the day to wander about in hell.

Hold on a second.

He only goes exclusively to hell.

Oh, yeah.

That's the only places elevator goes.

But he never comes back up ever?

No, he'll be.

Yeah.

One hour a day.

He's like goes back up.

And then after that hours, you know, he's done doing the apprentice, you're fired.

And then he goes right back down.

Oh, that's good a pressure.

It wasn't bad.

I thought he walked into the roof was there.

You're fired.

Well, I thought I'll drop out of you.

Hi, I'm Donald Trump.

You're fired.

Why do you look different?

So, okay.

I don't have time for you.

I exam.

That's all Michael Jackson there.

I remember him.

I kind of the child.

Yeah.

I am.

So Donald Trump is in hell.

He's doing his hell business.

Sure.

As I wonder about hell, do I get tortured by hell's minions ?

Oh, people know.

Like although he's with Donald Trump.

Oh, no, you're getting tortured constantly.

Yeah.

Is there an option where I could just stay inside by little elevator?

Oh, no, there's no stool there.

Oh, so I wouldn't even want to stand up for that long.

Yeah, that would be worse than I might as well go out there and get tortured.

Yeah.

All right.

Uh, Jason.

I don't know the question.

Oh, gosh.

All right.

Jason, I'm going to jump in and then, uh, jump in like he did that one time.

Yeah.

All right.

You got to be quick on your feet.

The four to foot.

My dear man.

The man eating plant forest.

Uh, where you get the sex change?

Yeah.

So now I'm a lady.

Uh, am I more attractive as a lady than I am as the man?

I don't know how that's possible, but yes, as a matter of fact, you are well flatter.

Oh, we'll get me everywhere.

I wasn't vision, but I like what I caught.

Do these plates.

Uh, oh, follow up to that.

Follow up to that.

Yay.

You're losing it, man.

You got to have some more questions.

You got to get here.

He stepped to me earlier before the game started.

Yeah.

No.

Wow.

No, well, I'm sorry.

We were listening to a cake boss.

Do I have to procure the men that these plants will eat or this is a delivery service?

The men harvesting?

Yeah.

Yes.

As a matter of fact, it is your job to go into town and you have to find suitable young male virgins.

Oh, they got to be virgins.

Yeah, they have to be virgins.

Okay.

Good to go.

Which is hard because a lot of the kids are lying about it.

A lot of them are like, oh, yeah.

I started sleeping with my teacher this year.

Then you really have to do a lot of recon and research to try to figure out.

You don't have to live in the forest.

Oh, here we go before I'm even done answering.

I love it.

That seems like I think you would dock people points.

No, but Jay's getting any of this is how you play the game.

You don't have to live in this man eating forest.

You can live in town.

Oh, you don't have to live in it.

It just says care for it.

You care for the forest.

You can live in town.

You can have a ball.

Do whatever you want.

I got a question.

Oh, okay.

I wasn't done speaking, but so I'm going to have to dock you points.

I was informed just moments ago.

This is how it's done.

I'm sorry, but I was in the middle of Jay's answer.

I don't care if you think he's going to put you in one of his movies or something.

You might do that.

All right, I'm ducking you 10 points.

I don't care.

I'm going to search for behind the wind.

So, will you say care for the forest?

Is that something I can do for my home in the town where I just have a fond thought for it?

No, I see what you're saying.

No, it's the actual verb where you have to take care of the forest, meaning you have to go harvest the men for it.

It's literal.

Yeah, yeah.

It's not like a reverse twilight zone where it turns out to be a good thing.

Yeah, no, it's a semantics.

It's not that many though.

You know, it's not that many young virgins.

It's only one a night.

So it's not that.

How big is this forest?

Oh, I mean, it's probably 172 acres.

It's pretty big.

And how many man eating plants?

There's just one.

Not much of a forest of man eating plants.

No, but he does what he can.

Hey, what do I do?

Yeah.

So this town, is it anything like the seaside town depicted in the movie Popeye Directed by Robert Altman?

It's so much like that you would not believe.

I mean, there's so many colorful characters in that town.

Is Ray Wollstone there?

Of course he is.

But he's playing his character from Fast Times at Ridgemont High.

Mr. Hand?

Yes, Mr. Hand.

Of course.

Is the moon there?

The moon is as well as it.

By the way, Jay, you can jump in at eight time.

He's just going to start listing Robert Altman Popeye characters.

The dawn was from Fast Time.

Oh, that's right.

He could have been in both.

If Wimpy was like, I would gladly pay you Tuesday for the moon.

What are you doing here?

Hey, did the moon just walk into the room?

Hey, there, I'm the moon.

Where did Donald Trump go?

Jay, you have a question?

How did they get Robert Altman to do Popeye?

Great question.

I think that he was looking for something commercial to sort of shore up his, you know, his one for me, one for them.

You know, he was the king of that philosophy.

Who was that one for?

It was for me, honestly, because I saw three times when I was a kid.

One for them, one for Scott.

Yeah, really what?

The little boy.

The little boy who was so into Popeye, who used to draw him everywhere and imitate him on calling Kiss FM and do impressions of him.

I remember hearing you.

Go ahead.

Oh, no, no, no.

That's an entirely different story.

I may have told on this program before.

I think people would like to hear it.

Like, there you go.

What's been there?

And Donald Trump go.

What's in there at time?

What's the DJ?

I'm dressed to you.

Yeah.

That's Popeye.

Yeah.

Well, the story is I would call into the hotline and do this impression and the DJ would always hang up.

He would move on to another call after the joke was done.

And one time he wanted to ask me a question, so he stayed on the line.

I didn't know how to answer if I answered as Popeye or myself.

So he said, Popeye?

And so I just said, yes.

And then he like wanted to give me information about how to call into the super hotliners.

I'm like, oh, because that Popeye impression, whatever gang busters.

I have to say though, I remained in character.

That's right.

Big, big props to you.

Thank you so much.

Coods.

Any other questions about either of these scenarios, guys?

I got a question about the elevator.

The elevator.

Okay.

You're in hell.

Basically, you're being tortured for 20 minutes.

That's the main part of this question.

Not the main part.

In the elevator.

Do I have to make small talk with Mr. Trump?

Yes, you do.

Is it excruciating?

Can you imagine?

Yeah, of course it is.

Well, the one I'm so happy about being tortured by health minions.

Yeah.

And he's the one person.

You're the one person rather that he never wants to fire.

He loves you.

He loves talking to you.

Do I try to get fired from this elevator?

Oh, yeah, all the time, because you don't want to be in hell all the time.

You're being tortured.

But he just like, he says, you know what?

I love you, baby.

And he slaps you in the face all the time.

Like those loving slaps.

Are there any many plants in this hell?

Hmm.

Interesting.

Yeah.

In fact, there are probably two.

More than the forest.

Interesting.

And then you had an answer.

It's like, I feel like you're making this stuff up.

No, I don't make this stuff up.

I'm beginning to see the cracks in the front of me.

I'm saying it's interesting that you're catching on.

I'm going to close the floor down for questions.

Hopefully you have enough information to make your choice.

I feel like I do.

All right, Jay, how do you like to vote?

Where are you standing?

I have not been able to get a sense of where you stand on this.

I'm going to go with Donald Trump's elevator.

Donald Trump, so you're tortured in hell for 23 hours of the day.

You have to make small talk with him.

As you go up and down the elevator, he's constantly giving you those loving smacks in the face saying, hey, baby, hey, you know what?

I just find him fun to listen to.

Oh, OK, so you don't mind it.

I like Trump.

You like him.

I like Trump.

So the one hour a day is worth it to you for the 23 hours.

Either you get a lot of good material out of it.

I mean, I know there'd be nowhere I could perform because I 'm an elevator forever.

No, that is true.

You would have to give up your career as a stand-up comedian and a filmmaker.

But I'd get a great Trump impression out of it.

You probably would.

You could use it anywhere.

Probably not.

Because for all.

Maybe you could use it on Hell's minions.

Yeah, that's true.

Maybe they'd appreciate it.

Yeah.

Maybe that's the one respite that people would have in Hell is you'd wander around while you're being tortured and you'd entertain people with your impressions.

Yeah, do some stand-up.

Yeah, not bad.

OK, I like that.

That does not hellish.

Oh boy.

What do you think if you went to Hell and it was just people doing stand-out?

Oh my God.

A lot of you out there love stand-up and we love it too.

We love doing it.

We love listening to it.

All right, Cake Boss.

You were afraid to take me seriously.

I thought the pressure would stand up comedians and their families.

Cake Boss, how do you like to vote?

Wait the options.

Sure.

As one must.

Thank you for everything.

All things being equal.

I gotta say, I want to care for the bad eating plant and be a pretty lady.

And I really want to meet the moan.

Really?

That was the tipping point for you.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

When I heard the moan was going to be there, I was like, sign me up.

Yeah.

Hey, Cake Boss.

Watch the moan.

How'd you get here, Cake Boss?

Hey, welcome.

Welcome to the forest.

Thank you, the moan.

All right, that's all I wanted.

Here's, I baked you a fast times for rich about high cake.

No, thanks.

See you.

What?

But I made a phone that...

He's gone.

He's thinking of a...

He was eaten by the plant.

Like the sort of a wavy...

He's a man.

Yeah, you brought the moan to get eaten.

Oh, the moan.

How'd I fall in?

Did that Phoebe Kate's taking your top off to that, that of the wavy VHS?

Yeah, it's a very elaborate cake.

Because that was...

Nevermind.

Yeah, it's got bad tracking.

It's got bad tracking.

Bad tracking because that's the part that everyone always ...

You've launched it over and over again.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Boy, that was a long road to that.

Cake Boss.

All right, I'm going to tell you the points here.

You know what?

Cake Boss, you started negative 10.

But you picked the right answer.

So that nets you 100 points and your gross is 90.

So you're at 90 points.

Congratulations.

You asked a ton of questions too.

So we're going to give you five questions for all of the questions that you asked.

So you're at 95 points.

Congratulations.

And Jay, you know, you picked the wrong answer so you don't get the 100 points.

But the sheer delight that you're taking and doing stand-up comedy for all of Hell's minions and the service that you're doing, it's almost like the USO tour.

I really respect that.

So I'm going to award you 115 points.

So 115 points to 95.

Jay, Shondersaykar, you are our winner.

Congratulations.

Oh, a question with you.

Cake Boss, you fired.

Wow.

Did you hear that impression?

That's such a good impression that I almost thought you might be fired.

And that's how we play, would you rather?

All right, that's how we play.

And thanks to our players today.

This has been a great show.

We just have the last thing to do and we're going to all enjoy this.

And that is of course called plugs.

Two, one, two, three, four.

I want to do a gig with you.

So we'll have something to love.

I want to ride a skid with you because girls are tired of hugs.

We can book a show that our friends will go to.

And hopefully our parents will love.

I want to do a gig with you.

So we'll have something to love.

Oh, wow.

That was great.

That was Something to Plug by Mark Saul.

That was really nice.

I like that sort of the British British invasion themed plugs theme.

If you have a theme song for the What's Up Hot Talk Memorial plugs theme, plug section rather, go over to earwolf.com under the Comedy Bang Bang message boards, post it.

And you can be famous for a week.

And Mark Saul, you are famous for a week.

Congratulations, man.

Enjoy it.

This is going to be a great week for you.

I mean, Jay, you're famous.

What do you suggest he do for this week?

Well, I would head down to the Beverly Hills Hotel.

They're out of a fine young ladies there and just sort of put on some sunglasses and throw it around.

Yeah.

Go on a pussy hunt.

Is that what you're trying to say?

I mean, yes, that is what I'm trying to say, Mark.

All right, Mark.

Enjoy that.

But come Monday, you are going to be the loser that you once were.

You don't ask cake balls about being famous?

I mean, you're be guest at best famous.

I don't know.

Jay, Jay, he's been a guest on Kimmel.

You know what I'm saying?

I bet I have two.

I don't know.

I wouldn't be surprised if I was.

We should check out that problem.

All right, I wouldn't be surprised.

All right, so these regions are Kelly, right?

Yeah, really.

OK, so plugs, Jay.

Obviously, we have the baby makers coming out, not only in 10 cities, but in 10 theaters.

Well, for 10 theaters.

But 10 cities and several theaters in those 10 cities this Friday, but you can also get it on iTunes as well this Friday.

That's right, August 3rd.

And why should people see the film?

Just really, this is your opportunity to just really sell it.

Well, I think we're going to do every classy joke about sperm that there ever was done.

So you suggest people coming in tuxedos with monocles?

Look, we could have gone dirty with this, but we.

You mean like a Scott Oksman?

Yeah, we would classy.

It's good fun.

Baby makers, anything else coming up on the horizon?

Of course, those stand-up days of the show, August 1st, at the Bowery Ballroom.

Right.

Great.

All right, kick boss, what are you up?

Well, apparently, I'm going to be appearing with you on some tour.

What?

I don't know which city it is yet, but one of those cities on the western coast of America.

That's right.

This week, I'm going on a tour.

The tour's already started, actually.

We'll be doing Chicago tonight if you're listening to this the day it came out.

But there's a comedian named Paul of Tompkins who's coming with us on the tour to the Seattle Portland and also San Francisco dates.

And those dates, I believe, are I think it's Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.

I think so.

Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.

And kick boss, you said you will make a special appearance at one of these dates.

I'm going to show up at one of those dates, but I don't want to see that Paul of Tompkins guy.

Yeah, I understand.

So I'll give you a heads up and then tell that guy to make himself scarce.

I'll tell him the Amscray, don't worry.

Yeah, use that lingo because he's the old timey guy, so he'll like that.

Yeah, he'll get that with his ironic mustache.

August 1st, August 1st, second or third, one of those days.

One of those days, and there's a comedy bang bang tour.

I'll be talking about that during my plugs.

But also, listen, shut up.

I will.

You're very agreeable.

Sure.

Late in the weekend, I'll be appearing at the Bumba Shoot Festival in Seattle, Washington.

The WSA.

Yeah, I said it.

I say it to all of Elle's millions.

I'm doing this special show.

It's me, Jen Kirkman.

You, kick boss.

Me, the kick boss, kick boss.

Todd Glass, Paul of Tompkins, Andrew Lloyd Webber, and maybe some other special people as well.

Wow.

You can count on me big, Dev.

That's Labor Day weekend at Bumba Shoot Festival.

Bumba Shoot Festival.

You were there last year in the Bumba Shoot Festival.

That's right.

That was a lot of fun.

How was it with you?

Yeah, that was a lot of fun.

OK, so go see those.

And I just want to plug the comedy bang bang tour.

We're in the middle of it.

Tonight we have Chicago.

Then we're doing those dates with Paul of Tompkins, and the cake boss will be there in Seattle, and Seattle.

Portland.

Portland, San Francisco.

Then I go to LA.

You're welcome for managing your tour, by the way.

Then I go to LA, and that's going to be a really great date with Andy Daley and Nick Kroll, Harris Whittles, some special guests.

That is going to be a really fun show.

And then we go to Boston with the, oh, we go to Boston, New York Two Shows.

We go to Philly, DC, and Vancouver.

That's with Tim Heidecker.

James Domingon, of course, is on most of those dates.

And Kurt Brown-Aller, the host of IFC's Bunk.

He will also be on most of those dates as well.

This is going to be a really fun tour.

Please come out and see me.

If you want to buy some of these shows, head over to earwolf.com right now.

We have all the information about the subscription package where you can get all of the shows sent to you right when they come out, either the night of the show or the morning after.

And it's really cheap at $25 for every single show.

I think we're doing 14 shows or something like that.

So please go to earwolf.com, buy those shows if you can't make it to one of the shows.

And yeah, and the TV show this week is Adam Scott.

It's Adam Scott and Andrew Lloyd Webber.

You just mentioned him.

So, and Tim Heidecker as well.

So that's going to be- No thanks.

IFC Friday night, 10, 9 central.

And that is it.

We're closing up the old plug bag.

Closing up the plug.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

That is Ken Marino with our closing of the plug bag theme.

And that's been our show.

Great.

Thanks guys.

Thanks so much.

Che.

It's very nice to have you on the show for your inaugural visit.

I really appreciate it.

Thank you very much.

I'm looking forward to it.

Nice to meet you, K.

Oh, I also- K. Boss.

I do want to say thanks to Jonathan Lahn or L-A-H-N.

Lane Lahn, Jonathan Lahn.

He donated $100 to earwool.

Thank you so much, Jonathan.

Oh, money bags.

Yeah, old Scrooge McDuck over there.

Roll it around.

Got money to throw to podcast.

Guys, thanks so much.

Oh, you welcome for me, Big on the show, by the way.

Would you never thank me for- Anyway, we'll see you next week.

Thanks.

We're watching the hell.

♪ In your love ♪ This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

♪ In your love ♪ Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Do-com.

Ooh, ooh, ooh.

Yee-choo.

The world's dead.
