---
layout: page
title: 17. Thomas Lennon,Matt Walsh,Matt Braunger [158⧸21201].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Okay.

Andy, Andy, 1, Android 3.0.

Andy, 103.0.0.

Tom?

Point Nom.

Okay.

Got documents.

Comedy, guess where we are.

It's coming to you live.

Roger, may I knobs?

My knobs?

Comedy, death, or Andy, 103.0.0.0 knobs.

Roger.

By Vietnam.

Brought to you by Vietnam.

Broadcasting from Vietnam live this week.

Okay, so...

Stran from Android.

It's Comedy, guess where we are.

Brought to you by Scott Markerman.

We have a new voiceover guy.

He's not exactly working out.

I'm sorry, I can't read what John just peed a paper in front of me.

Now, you can't even pronounce piece of paper correctly.

How did you get this job?

Scott, you're here to be sitting.

I'm doing the best I can.

When you find me to read your voiceover guy, you can't wait to pay for it.

When you find me, Scott, where did you find me?

First of all, I'm paying you $1 million a year to do this.

Some people, I say, get pretty high.

But look at what I've been to your table.

Scott.

Okay.

Let me...

Get your music.

And the voiceover guy for you.

Okay, yeah, please list these.

One.

Joanna Reeve.

The most important one would say.

I've been to comedy every video.

So much Joanna Reeve.

So much.

True.

How can one quantify how much Joanna Reeve you bring?

Well, look at my shirt.

Oh!

See?

It says five.

You have a Joanna Reeve meter on your shirt.

Yes.

It's up to five right now.

How do you make your shirt change like that?

I am a job.

You hit...

Sensor.

Wait.

Oh, a sensor.

Like a heat sensor.

How did you feel like me being to watch over guys not working a house cat?

We are...

Do you have some Nerds?

Some Nerds?

What's that?

Do you have some Nerds?

Some Nerds?

I can't just bear myself.

Clear.

Do you have some Nerds about my...

Oh, no.

My...

Vy...

Yeah, I have a performance.

Well, one thing.

When you cleared your throat, you got a little deeper.

It actually helped a little bit.

No, not clearing your throat.

Okay.

Do you want me to introduce your shirt or not?

Please introduce the shirt.

You are listening to your family, definitely.

You are featuring your fun bunch of your life from the UCB Theater in downtown Franklin Avenue.

Mr.

M Mm-hmm.

I think it was correct.

What power was not?

Well, what power was not correct?

We're not live from the UCB Theater.

It's downtown Franklin.

No, not in downtown.

Franklin isn't even a place.

It's a street.

Huh?

Okay.

Then this is you gave me the wrong notes.

I gave you no notes.

You gave me a long stack of notes that is in that your hit.

All right.

Well, what do you say we got to what's coming on the show today?

Okay.

Here's a coming on the show.

All right.

Can I name Mac?

Yes, I'm a guy named Mac.

Yeah.

Times two.

Two guys names named Matt.

Yeah.

A guy named Tom.

Yeah.

All three from wildly different sketch shows that were on TV.

Yeah.

We'll be hearing from them a little later.

We'll learn that.

We'll learn that just not here.

Oh.

Why'd you say he was?

Okay.

What is your name, by the way?

I know I hired you.

You filled out a W9.

Little Gary.

Hey, little Gary.

Little Gary is going to be here with me all hour.

Hey, man.

I'm just up on my foot.

That's really weird.

Oh, that's not my foot.

You don't have to say stuff like that.

You don't have to just say whatever pops in your mind.

I thought you said I was sidekick and announcing.

You are sidekick at announcing, but that's not really part of your sidekick.

I would tell you your job, Matt Scogerman.

Scott Ockerman, not Matt Scogerman.

I'm not even.

You can't then you got to check these notes before you get into me.

That's true.

So up on the show, we have Matt Brounger.

Matt Brounger.

From MattTV.

We have television that makes everybody mad.

Yeah.

It makes people furious.

That's why they canceled it.

We have Matt Walsh from the UCB Upright Citizens Brigade.

Nice to meet you, little Gary.

Oh, hi, little Gary.

Long time, big time fan.

Love your work, little Gary.

I love all your California milk ads.

Who asked pennies?

Ask pennies was a sketch, I didn't yell.

I love it.

Thank you.

Who's that guy that's got ask pennies?

Ian, Robert said ask pennies.

Yeah, yeah.

That's the best.

Also on the show is Reno 911 and the state's Tom Lennon.

Sell out.

Shut up.

Is that what you said?

I don't say sell out.

So sell out.

Yeah, okay.

Very funny.

He's a sell out.

He'll be here a little later.

Big changes of foot in the Renoverse.

We'll maybe talk about those.

I don't know, depending on if he wants to or not.

And that guy's gay.

That guy's totally gay.

We're going to be playing, would you rather, with your suggestions and entourage recap of the week, all of it is coming up after Tenacious D on Indy 101 and 31.

Got Tom.

Yeah.

Oh, it's got a knock on me.

Well Gary, with me, I'm Scott Ockerman.

This is Indy 101 31.

Can't you hear that?

I'm an attorney.

Do I have, do I go up to a turn?

What?

I'm an attorney for your opportunity.

Oh, thank you for the opportunity.

I thought he said thank you for the murder.

That was an expression.

Thanks for killing it, Scott.

That didn't stick.

Yeah, murder.

He didn't stick.

We are here with Matt Brawner and little Gary is my side kick today.

Matt, welcome.

Thanks, buddy.

Thanks for having me on the show.

I say you're from MattTV, but you're ex-MattTV because Matt TV is no longer.

Yes, I brought it down.

You were a sketch player for a little while, but mainly you 're a stand-up comedian.

Yeah, yeah.

I've been doing a stand-up for about nine years and the sketch thing was kind of new.

I started out doing comedy in Chicago, you know, nine, ten years ago and where did you start out?

Oh, is it the Improv Olympic originally?

Yes, I know east.

And we're sorry.

That's right.

Little Gary knows, right?

Crusty.

From Cubby Bears.

Cubby Bears, the worst bar in the world.

And closest thing to hell after a cub game, they say.

I was in Chicago.

And yeah, and so I started out there and studied under like Del Close like months before he died.

Name drop.

Name drop for those people out there.

No, I mean, I was just thinking about this today, how like, you know, everybody you meet that's young and it's doing improv in Chicago and I later like, oh, you met Del Close, wow.

And I was like, yeah, kind of a curmudgeonly angry man with , you know, hints of racism and sexism floating around.

I mean, the genius, but at the same time, I was like, be careful.

What do you say about him, one of his most hard and important?

I'm just trying to be honest.

I agree with that.

But he's great.

He was great.

He was all about his honesty.

But it's fun.

It is.

Truth in comedy.

It's true.

Yeah.

So yeah, that's I started out there doing.

Gary, what do you think the secret to comedy is?

Yeah.

What do you think the secret to comedy is?

Up.

Up the stakes.

Yeah.

That's a key to drama too.

Wait, are you talking about comedy or drama?

Everything.

I'm talking about everything.

I'm talking about the key to the other.

Up the stakes.

So the guy is also a bear?

Yeah.

Gary knows it.

That is the cleanest explanation for comedy.

How does he find out that he's a bear?

Hey, Gary.

Hey, man.

Do you hear?

Do you hear the night watch?

He'll never lay down for a little while.

Okay.

See you.

Okay, Gary.

See you, Gary.

It's great hanging out with a little Gary here.

It's awesome.

Love his hat.

It's nice he has a cotton here.

It's a little room.

Yeah.

So you mainly did iOS?

Did you do like little bars and stuff like that?

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

So yeah, I got kicked off my improv team and then I kind of turned to the dark side of comedy, the stand up.

I'll show you the you know, Voldemort thing.

And then I so I basically started out just doing a stand up and a little dive bar.

And I kind of became a connoisseur of a bathroom graffiti, like the good stuff, you know, like not all of it.

And it's like, you know, Stu sucks dicks.

Like, I don't care.

Why'd you put that there?

Why don't you leave Stu alone?

You know, maybe that Stu's joy-blown dudes.

That sign should say Stu sucks dicks and he won't call me back.

I'm so alone.

You know, but I love it when someone writes something dumb, then someone writes something awesome that makes the dumb thing awesome.

You know, like a like a bathroom, like a good will hunting like no, this is how the equation goes and you know, fills it out right?

Like I was in this bathroom and someone had written in like flowery, like disnified writing, like Peter Pan had flown up to the wall, had written, you can't have everything.

Where would you put it?

Adorable and true.

I've heard that before.

But then underneath that, someone wrote in tiny angry letters, all caps, one word everywhere.

Like fuck that answers that, you know, bathroom Napoleon wins that round, basically.

That's unipolar.

Exactly.

Little Gary.

Huh?

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

You know bathroom Napoleon.

Oh, now there's somebody in my car.

Oh.

Wait, who's in the car?

I don't know.

Who's that black guy?

We're going to play.

Who's that black guy a little later on?

Oh, I love that game.

That's a great game.

I'm a...

Don't close started it.

Yes.

Who's that black guy?

It's no close escape.

I'll be honest, it's pretty easy.

Yeah.

You just have to...

Well, you know it's easy game.

Most times it's a shack.

Oh yeah.

The answer is usually shack.

More at that time.

Most times, Matt.

Or at least if you're a guest shack, you're 90% of the time .

Yeah, it's a shack.

At least he'll say he's shack.

I feel like the show is going smoother now.

Nothing.

You're back.

Yeah.

When you were gone, it was awkward as hell.

What are you doing out with your...

Dude, go lie down with a black guy again.

For one second, I'm trying to talk to Matt.

Spoon with him.

Spoon, spoon, spoon, shack.

Spoon, spoon, river, I thought I'd do over here.

Any other examples of the...

Oh yeah, there was a great one I saw in a bar called Chef Fields, which is in Chicago.

Now is that Sheffield's one word or Sheffield?

Sheffield's one word.

Oh, okay.

Like an English family.

It's the name of a street.

Go Gary.

And I was three.

Three quotes, all in different handwriting.

The first one read, a society not ruled by its workers cannot stand Karl Marx.

All right.

Underneath that, someone else had written, I would never belong to a club that would have someone like me as a member.

Karl Marx.

Right.

Underneath that, someone else had written, wherever you go, whatever you do, I'll be right here waiting for you, Richard Marx.

Which you swirl those together, forms a perfect loving face of God, I'm convinced.

Who do you respect the most?

The third guy or the second guy or the first guy?

All three equally.

I can't.

I can't pick a ten more.

I would have to say groucho if I had to pick one, but the first one is supporting the lower classes and the third one is devotion to all.

All of a sudden, my headphones are gone, but oh, there we go.

Oh, we got a splitter.

I'm just feeling, I'm just going to do some filling here.

You look like a really, I gotta say, you're looking really good lately.

I've known you for a while.

Can I turn that up actually?

Do you mind?

I've known you for a while, you're looking good, you're looking trim.

You're looking, you've been going to the gym lately?

I was talking to a friend, he was saying I've lost some weight in the last couple of months.

And he's like, no, it's longer than that.

I guess, I don't know if I was a fat sack of trash when I moved to LA or what, but I'm like, you know, I have lost some weight, but I mean, it was actually a lot easier than I thought it would be.

It wasn't an undertaking.

I just, you know, cut out bed calzones.

It's all you got to do.

That's a little Gary knows, just stop eating a hot calzone before you go to bed.

Why do we do it?

Roll out the dough and the sausage and the cheese and shotgun it after it's baked.

Hot as hell and it's the horrible nightmares from the churn ing heartburn.

I don't know why, I mean, none of you guys had moms like mine.

Just like, you know, eat your calzone, I'll punch you in the neck right before you go to bed.

My mom would actually bite the corner off and put the hole in my mouth and punch it and all the cheese and sausage, fill my little baby head.

Why?

Juice box style.

Yeah, juice box style.

Exactly like if you bite the head off a juice box and punch it, same thing.

So just cut out bed starches.

What do you do when you're at the gym?

Do you watch TV or do you listen to music?

You have an iPod?

I am different than, well, see, I don't know exactly know where I fit in the world because I lift weights to the Smiths.

You do that.

I like that.

That's called game.

You're, ha ha ha.

No, straight.

That's the same though.

I'm a cute, I'm a, little Gary, I'm a big vagina fan.

Always have been, goes way back more than a hobby.

Big mouth strikes again.

But good point, like you do that as a straight man.

Big mouth strikes again.

We need to establish.

Yeah, he has.

White girl, big mouth.

Yeah, I think it meant you Gary, but.

Now Matt, you're here in a room with a bunch of Smiths fans .

You have engineer Joe, he plays in a Smiths cover band.

You do?

Oh, cool.

I love the Smiths, right?

Not on, man.

Tom Lennon, who will be a guest a little later, has Smiths music books.

One of Tom's.

Yeah, I know Tom's a big fan.

I'm a big fan, my favorite band of all time.

I love the Smiths too.

Yeah, so when you say you work out to it and you don't know where you fit, what do you mean by it?

I just feel like a snowflake.

I feel like there's nobody alive that's ever done that.

That is, you know, a straight man.

There's literally nothing else in this room.

Exactly.

And it's like, you know, I mean, yeah, it should be, you know, Slayer or Public Enemy or NWA or something.

I'm listening to it.

But I'd rather, you know, just listen to Anks driven Brit pop with lead vocals by the darkest fairy in the woods of sorrow.

That's just me, you know.

And I also, I got to say, I love the fact that your hardcore Latin gangsters love him.

Yeah, I was all about Joe.

That makes me happy.

Joe has, engineer Joe has no idea what it's all about.

He is a hardcore Latin gangster himself.

He is, he looks like one.

Yeah, but I love that.

He just speaks to their culture and heritage.

There you go.

Joe with his new finding, Forrester Beard.

I was, I don't understand it, reference.

I was actually, I was actually in a bar in East LA in Boyle Heights and they were playing Smiths on the jukebox and they're all these guys, you know, posted up by the jukebox looking hardcore and tatted up with the Gaojo mustaches.

And my friend kind of skips over them like, you know, drunken gals, sprite of a woman, goes over and is like, well, you guys like Morrissey in the Smiths?

Don't you know he's gay?

And the biggest one was like, no, he's bisexual.

Which I fucking know is just the best.

It's just like, how dare you say he's, he's only gay half the time, lady.

Excuse me.

You know, all right, we're going to have more with Matt.

Hi, I'm Greg.

We're going to come back and talk to Matt Walsh.

We have a little Gary, Scott Augerman, Indy 103.

One brought to you by who?

By Treat.

Yeah, the next track track three.

This is a comedy death rate.

Come back.

By Treat.

Is that okay?

Is that all right?

Home run.

Can you hear me?

You're the bait.

A double N I G A N.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A N.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A N.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A N.

A posture for six.

You drive a daddy's fema with the bottle of Zima.

You ban against.

Yo, you just bought an eight ball and not every cream.

You ban against.

You got the highlights here, Bob Wyatt tattoo.

You ban against.

You just bought the brand new Dave Matt.

Yo, you ban against.

You go to Gold's Gym just to work out your neck.

You ban against.

You slap your girl in the face cause she disrespects.

You ban against.

X body spray and you secretly gay.

You ban against.

You get a heart on from the Macy's this way.

You ban against.

You saw the light king, you got some space.

You ban against.

You drove home drunk and put your legs in the lake.

You're white and you call all your friends from a missile.

You ban against.

You call your house the hissle and the sizzle of the sizzle .

You ban against.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A N.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A N.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A N.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A N.

A posture for six.

C P G B shirt.

G unique kicks.

You ban against.

You did your ninth body shot of your first cousin's dick.

You ban against.

You spent six hours grooming your stubble.

You ban against.

You think you've been teased.

You've only rubbled your ban against.

You're 34, going to a junior prom.

You ban against.

You date red to girl in an apple piece, John.

You ban against.

You got gel in your head.

Any dollar sucks.

You ban against.

You just started thinking outside of the box.

You ban against.

You shoot up roids and you flex for yourself.

You ban against.

You got a bastard son.

Don't have Philadelph.

You ban against.

You got the ash in hand.

And there's no more cheese.

You ban against.

You're pew pew pew.

You got the afro sheen.

You ban against.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A L.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A L.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A L.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A L.

A posture for six.

You get the ace grow from your Audi 5.

You're ban against.

You make black jokes for the project house and you ban against.

You make a quick stop for the Hollywood tan.

You ban against.

You drink your cosmotees with fever, the bam.

You ban against.

You go to ban against clubs and you ban against bands.

You ban against.

You got a ban against job and ban against friends.

You ban against.

You pour great juice on your bottle of Sprite.

You ban against.

Y'all cracked out for your girl last night.

You ban against.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A L.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A L.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A L.

A posture for six.

You're the bait.

A double N I G A L.

A posture for six.

Y'all, y'all, y'all, dude.

Y'all, y'all, y'all.

Yes.

Cract out.

On indie one oh three one.

That is your mask.

Caw you're welcome man.

A little Gary with us.

Caw you're going to death guy.

No.

Caw you're going to death guy.

Death guy.

Caw you're going to death guy.
