---
layout: page
title: 170. Martin Starr, Lennon Parham, Neil Campbell [13473⧸21054].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

You know him from freaks and geeks, you know him from party down.

Now you know him from the hit adult swim show, NTSF, S-D-S- U-V.

Martin Starr is here for the first time, he's the best.

Also, we have a very interesting woman that you're gonna want to get to know.

I don't wanna say too much about her, but then Neil Campbell is gonna drop by for a little bit of gossip.

All of that and more, all in today's...

♪♪♪ You might as well, it's too windy to haul rock and too wet to plow. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you for that catchphrase submission, that comes to us from EIU Bowler 206.

Thank you EIU Bowler 206. You might as well, it's too windy to haul rock and too wet to plow.

Welcome to the show, it's Comedy Bang Bang.

And I'm Scott Ockermann, aka the Navajo, aka the Choctaw.

Ockermann, coming at you and we're deep in the throes of August right now.

I don't know where you live, but undoubtedly it's hot out there.

And that's all I have to say on the subject.

That really closes the book on that.

For me, I've said everything I need to say about it.

And we have a great show for you today.

We're here, it's August, it's... I'm in the middle of the Comedy Bang Bang tour currently.

And so I'm taping this a little bit in advance.

Of course you all know that we tape our shows one year in advance.

So we're taping these in 2011.

So some of the references may be a little bit old, but that 's what we have to do.

It's a scheduling thing.

We have to make sure there's enough episodes.

So if we're talking about, I don't know, Mel Gibson doing whatever he did a year ago, the beaver.

That was the most notable thing he did last year, right?

He was in a movie called The Beaver.

Anyway, that's what's going on.

So if you've come to us from the TV show, thank you so much for checking out the podcast.

The podcast is a little more... It's longer, first of all.

You've noticed the television show is half an hour.

This is more akin to an hour, an hour and a half.

It's only because we talk slower.

That's the only reason we talk three times as fast on the TV show.

So this will be exactly like the TV show if you've watched that.

And if you're watching our big season finale is coming up this Friday, and it is one you are not going to want to miss, we have Weird Al Yankovic, Tenacious D, Kerry Kenny, David Cross.

A lot of other surprises that I don't want to spoil right now, but it is a star-studded finale.

And I've been glad that you guys have been watching the TV show and really enjoying it.

And we had a good time making it.

And I think you're really going to enjoy the finale.

It was a very special show.

So let us get to the show right now that you're listening to.

Enough preamble.

I have an amazing guest who's a first-time guest on the show.

And I've known him for a little bit.

I've been a fan of his work forever.

And it's a pleasure to have you, him forever.

Literally forever.

That's amazing.

I mean, the circle of time is an unending loop.

And I've been on this journey with you forever.

All right.

And you know him from, first of all, from Freaks and Geeks.

He was regular on that show.

Lately, he's been doing party-down.

We have him...

I mean, not lately.

This is...

Not lately.

Because you guys are seeing this in the future.

Yeah, exactly.

And by seeing, I mean, hearing.

When I say it in 2011, of course, lately you were on party- down.

But you're about to be on a new show called NTSF...

Oh, fuck.

Colin.

S-D-S-U-V.

Colin.

And I miss you, Colin.

You're about to be on this show.

But in 2012, you will also be on it.

And it will be premiering this week.

Yeah, in the second season.

Yeah.

So this timing works out really, really well.

Perfect.

And you know him as Martin Star.

Hello, Martin.

Hello.

Thank you for having me.

It is my pleasure to have you.

You're one of America's great comedic actors.

Anywhere that that's going.

You're one of America's blank is a solid place to be.

Martin, do you see the Mark Twain Prize for Humor coming at you at any point in your career?

Did I see the Mark Twain Prize?

Yeah.

Is that what you've offered me to do?

Do you think that will be awarded to you at any point in your career?

Oh, well, by the time you guys hear this, I will have already won the Mark Twain Prize.

Oh, good.

And cordially turned it the fuck down.

Yes.

And told...

Yes.

Stick it where Mark Twain's son does not shine.

Those guys at the fucking Mark Twain Institute, uppity, sons of bees.

They are so just... there's a pompous.

You know what I mean?

The people they give it to.

Like those books are the Bible or something.

Oh, God.

There's only one Bible and I'll tell you what that is, the Bible.

And everyone should read it and everyone should get to know it and it should be your best friend.

Yeah.

Anyway, I don't want to get on.

I like Mark Twain's version of the Bible too.

Yeah.

What was that one called?

The LB Blay.

LB Blay.

A lot of people don't know he spoke Spanish and did a lot of books in Spanish.

But that's... what's interesting is the Mark Twain Institute doesn't even know that.

No.

It's like you're the guy who knows it and that's why you're turning down the prize.

They're so ignorant.

I wasn't.

I wouldn't allow myself to be brought down to their level.

That's right.

Good for you, man.

Thanks.

Good for you.

Tell me a little bit about this program you're about to embark on NTSF colon.

SD colon SUV colon colon.

Yeah.

Tell me about this.

It's a lot of people... it's in its second season by now.

Yes.

And it stars Paul Sheer.

Yes.

And June.

Diane Raphael.

Who a lot of people listening to this will know from their own podcast, How Did This Get Made?

Yes.

And it also starts Brandon Johnson who's a great improviser .

Absolutely.

And one of the sweetest mofos on the market.

He's never dained to speak to me personally.

So I have no first hand knowledge.

I've heard from him that he doesn't like you.

Okay.

Cool.

And you still see him as sweet.

Oh, he's a real sweetheart.

Yeah.

There must be something wrong with me.

Yeah.

No, I really appreciate his opinion about people generally.

Yeah.

So if he doesn't like someone.

Yeah, they're probably a shithead.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, all right.

Has a shithead on this?

Yeah, please do.

Say it again.

Shithead.

Thank you so much.

It sounded better the second time.

You really laid into it.

You really like going into the SH sound.

Really?

I really...

Shithead.

Felt at that time.

Yeah.

Boy.

So tell me about this program.

It's paired up with Children's Hospital.

It'll be premiering this Thursday, I believe.

Yes, it will be premiering on the ninth.

August 9th, this Thursday.

So people will be able to see it then.

It's the second season.

I watched the first season.

I loved it.

Yeah.

I mean, I will have watched it.

Right.

Yeah.

By the time we...

I imagine I love it.

I think you will too.

I foresee it.

Rob Riggles also on it and the lovely and always amazing Kate Mulgrew.

Right.

Or I thought you were going to say Rebecca Romain when you signed up.

And also Rebecca Romain, who is also lovely.

So great cast.

So in my opinion, you get that cast together.

You put them in a blank room, just like a square box.

You put cameras on them and whatever you film is going to be great.

But what you guys did...

Uh-huh.

It wasn't that.

It was not that.

You decide to actually have props and scripts and characters.

Yeah, we really have to do it.

Tell me about all that.

It was good.

I liked it.

You liked all the props, the scripts, the characters?

We have this crazy robot who...

What is the...

We'll get to the robot.

We promise you we will get to the robot.

All right.

Tell me what the show is.

Gimme...

What is the...

All you've said is a bunch of letters.

It's a prophecy.

The show is a prophecy for the future.

Okay.

Starting with the fact that there will be a national terrorism strike force organization.

Okay.

It doesn't currently exist.

No.

Let alone in San Diego.

Because we don't have terrorist attacks in the world at this point.

Right.

But it's...

But in the future.

A dystopian future.

Yes.

Okay.

Yes.

How many years out are we?

Is it like Blade Runner?

I don't want...

I'm not allowed to tell you legally.

You're not allowed to say.

Oh my gosh.

So there's secrets behind secrets on this show.

I signed a confidentiality agreement with the God of Time.

Oh my gosh.

Well, that's too bad.

But we can say that it is a program on Adult Swim that deals with terrorism.

Yeah.

Sort of a satire of shows like 24.

Peratical shows.

Is that period shows?

Period.

Peratical?

Periodicals.

It's a satire of periodicals like Entertainment Weekly or V ogue.

Pro-loaded digitization.

Pressed digitization.

But it's a satire of these shows like 24 or Law and Order stuff like that.

SVU those things.

SVU it kind of dips its toes in a lot of waters.

But it's a very dramatic Paul Sheer plays.

What is his character that he plays?

He's like the all-encompassing main lead character on any of those procedural shows.

Sort of a David Caruso.

Ish.

What I'm trying to find out is if you even know his character name.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Nope.

How do you approach your acting?

It's not very well.

Do you just read the lines phonetically?

Trent Hauser is his name.

Oh, okay.

And he's more like what Caruso, what I think of Caruso when the cameras turn off.

Or what I've heard of stories of Caruso.

Then like, I suppose he is actually very similar to the characters that Caruso, or whatever character he plays on that show.

So he's...

Then he leave and then come back.

He like left to go have his like movie career and then he came back.

Well, he left TV.

He didn't leave the CSI Miami in the middle of the show.

And then come back.

That would have been interesting.

But yeah, he did leave after NYPD Blue and he had a great career.

We all saw it, kiss of death, Jade.

And then the Lean Fallow years set in.

And then CSI Miami is back on top.

And then he's pulled again, Lean Fallow years part two coming up for him.

But hey, you know.

I'm so excited.

Would you like to get him on the show?

Yeah.

He has that certain thing where he takes off his sunglasses .

You want me to text him?

Yeah, please.

Okay.

Cool.

All right, great.

So he'll be on the show coming up as soon as you text him.

Oh, he just texted me.

Oh yeah?

Oh, fuck.

It's another picture of his penis.

Oh.

Guys, this is, it's embarrassing.

I didn't ask for these photographs.

How many has he sent you?

I think that you want me to count them?

Yeah, just starting from one.

How loud if you could?

Eight.

Okay.

Next comes nine.

Yeah, it was like a few months.

Oh, that's nine, ten.

That's a vagina.

I don't know whose that is.

Did he text it to you though?

Yeah.

At least he's switching it up.

Yeah.

No, actually, unfurth, it looks, I think that's his butth ole.

Oh, okay.

All right, under further review.

Yep.

Yeah, it's real hairy.

So it was hard to tell at first.

Yeah, I understand.

And then...

So, Cruz, how's the hairy butthole?

Doubled it, just wearing double digits.

Yeah.

Decrues?

Yeah.

Hairy butthole?

Ginger.

It's a ginger butthole.

What do you think, what do you think about hairy buttholes?

I don't know.

What do you think, should got on guys?

On women, we can all agree on women.

It's, you got to take totally hot.

Oh, okay.

Oh, wait, what the other way?

But on guys, what's your stance?

Because there's one thing I love, it's a little floss when I'm going towards the butthole.

On a woman.

What's that?

Wait, what happened?

Where did you, you took me down a dark alley?

Well, if we ever get a woman on the show, we'll see what their stance is.

I don't think we should ever do that.

No, let's never do that.

So, NTSF, you've been having fun.

Who's your character on it?

I am the computer quiz.

Who is?

Yes.

So, what is your name?

Sam.

Not to be confused with the robot, who you didn't want to talk about earlier.

Are you ready to talk about the robot?

I trust me, Martin.

We will get to this robot.

Please.

Okay.

Don't bring up the robot again until I bring it up.

Okay.

Yeah.

So, your character's name is Sam.

Yeah.

And what's your last name?

Sam Huntington.

No, that's not true.

That's not true.

You looked at me with terror in your eyes when I said what you last name.

Yeah, yeah, because I'm going to be honest, I'm pretty sure I don't know that information.

You've never been referred to by your last name.

Sam.

What's your acting process?

How do you get into a character?

Well, first, I learned their last name.

Oh.

That seems, that I forget it.

Oh, okay.

The next step is just forget everything and start from scratch.

Because then you always have a look of surprise on your face.

That's why that's how I start from scratch every time.

A lot of people have called you the most surprised actor in Hollywood.

A lot?

A lot of people.

Yeah.

I mean, I consider over two to be a lot.

Oh.

So three people.

No, it's been a million, eight hundred seventy four thousand, five hundred and seventy three.

Okay.

But, yeah, so that's a lot.

That's a legit.

A lot of people.

You're the computer whiz and you're always helping out the team.

And I saw one of the season two episodes the other day at the Comic-Con.

You screen one at Comic-Con.

Oh, yeah.

Did you like it?

And I liked it a lot, but you were not in that one.

Nope.

What's going down?

Well, they wanted to air a good one.

So they went with the one I wasn't in.

Hm.

It's a smart call, I think.

But there's got to be a reason.

You don't just cut a Martin Star out of your show.

I pissed some people off, I think.

Whoa.

Yeah.

What's happening?

I don't know.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Adult swim people or shear himself?

Comic-Con people.

Mm.

So wait, Comic-Con took you out of the episode that they showed at Comic-Con?

Straight took me out of the episode, yeah.

Oh my god.

I would love to see the extended cut where you're in there.

Yeah.

What sort of things were you saying in the episode that they cut you out of?

Was it like integral to the plot?

Smart stuff.

Nope.

Apparently not because you still understood the story.

I still understood, yeah.

Yeah.

I wonder if there's a cut that takes you out of every single episode where...

Well, let's not ask questions like this because I don't want to know the answer.

Oh, it's just something that I'm theorizing right now.

Maybe Martin doesn't have to be in the show anymore.

You seem like a villain in my life.

Maybe another computer quiz could come out there, a young, fresh-faced guy who has his own talk show on another network.

He could maybe...

Wait a second.

Hold on a second.

Yeah.

What is the name of his talk show?

This is a great idea.

Wait a...

Hold on.

You're not going to try to take over my talk show already.

Wait, what?

What is this?

Whoa!

That's crazy.

Wait, you want to parent trap this?

Now coming live from comedy bang bang.

Do you want me to sing?

Can I...

Let's go ahead and sing, yeah.

Yeah.

No, I mean, I'll have to do a remix of the opening.

Oh, yeah.

You have to remix things.

Yeah.

Definitely.

What's your remix style?

You've been on a lot of remixes.

I've done seven remixes with Alicia Keys.

I've done two with Beyonce.

Yeah.

I've invested my first one with Rihanna.

Oh, congrats.

Well, she's the biggest star out of all of them right now.

It'll be out on the market pretty soon.

Oh, cool.

And what's your style?

How do you do?

What do you do on it?

So say I'm Rihanna and I'm singing.

Oh, nah, nah.

What's your name?

Oh, nah, nah.

What's your name?

Oh, nah, nah.

What's your name?

Oh, nah, nah, nah, nah.

Really?

Not jumping in yet?

How long do I have to go before you do your remix style?

I was doing my remix style.

Are you really?

That's it?

Just utter silence for the first.

Okay, how are you?

You heard me breathing in the back.

I mean, okay.

Maybe not to the late year, but I'm sure the audience, to the trained.

It's like how they blew that dog whistle in the middle of a day in the life by the Beatles.

You get me.

Okay, here we go.

Oh, nah, nah.

What's your name?

Oh, nah, nah.

What's your name?

Oh, nah, nah.

What's your name?

Oh, nah, nah.

What's your name?

Oh, nah, nah.

What's your name?

Oh, nah, nah.

What's your name?

Oh, come on.

How long are you going to leave me?

I was doing this.

I was re-mixing.

You cut me off from re-mix.

I mean, you fucked up my flow, to be perfectly honest.

To be honest, that's the kind of remix I would like, where it doesn't change the song, really.

Well, that was, inherently.

It's an inherently severe change to the song, but...

Oh, okay.

I'm only by way of your vocals.

All right.

Okay.

Are you trying to say my vocals are better?

Yeah.

Okay, thank you so much.

Yeah.

So Martin, let's get to it.

We've been hyping it.

We've talked about it for the entire...

Yeah, my big movie coming out called...

No, no, no, no, no.

The same, same day was coming out.

I don't know.

I don't care about that.

You're going to...

Wait a minute.

You need to go see Twilight?

Yeah.

I always go see Twilight.

Have you seen that picture of me?

Well, in the audience of Twilight, I have it on my phone here.

I thought that was a Photoshop picture that I found on Twitter, but apparently...

No, there's a couple years ago for the first Twilight.

I went to go see it, and I dressed as a vampire.

And a classic Dracula vampire, by the way, with the dark coat and the metal.

Unfortunately, this is a legit picture.

What do you mean, unfortunately?

I mean, unfortunately for you.

I mean, it's unfortunate that you did this to yourself.

Oh, no.

I mean, I had a lot of fun.

And basically, at the end of the movie, after Twilight, I stood up and I yelled at the crowd, fangs for coming, everyone.

No, I had a good time.

But you're asking about Twilight, why?

Because that movie that I did with the Catholic comes out on the exact same day.

Okay, I don't want to talk about that yet.

And also, Alison Breeze in it.

I don't care about Jeff or Aaron.

Friend of the show.

Friend of the show, Alison Breeze.

I don't want to talk about that.

But your friend, Alison Breeze, is in it.

Friend of the show.

I do.

It's called Save the Day.

I don't care.

We'll get to the plug.

It sounds to me like you're trying to plug something early.

I don't appreciate that.

That's crazy.

I'm also in this play on...

Fucking shit.

Come on, man.

Hold on.

Martin.

I'm also doing this play.

It's a one man show.

It's only playing in my living room.

I'll give out the address gladly at the end of the show.

Oh, great.

Yeah.

And your email address is the only way to get tickets for.

Absolutely.

Okay, great.

So stay tuned.

Or on MySpace.

I'm selling tickets on MySpace.

It's actually one night and then a matinee.

People have to sleep over.

Okay, cool.

But what I want to get to is we've been talking about it.

We've hyped it up.

Let's talk about that robot, my man.

Here we go, man.

Robot talk.

This is the section of the show called Robot Talk.

Well, he's white.

He's big.

He's got a big head on top.

That's how I like him.

And he may find a lover this season.

Okay.

And what is...

You said his name might be Sam as well?

S-A-M.

S-Meaning S.A.M.

It's an acronym.

Yeah, that's what it is.

This is a sample.

A sentient automated machine.

You don't even know your last name.

A sarcastic asshole motherfucker.

You don't even know your last name.

How are you supposed to know what the name of this robot is ?

I can't give everything away.

My acting process has to stay secret.

How?

What is the relationship between you and this robot?

It seems like you're a computer wiz, but there's a robot who would be a computer wiz.

Is it a...

What kind of relationship is it?

I'm trying to search it with the writer.

So love, hate, relationship.

Love, hate, yes.

I only have love, love relationships in my life, so it's hard for me to think of.

Oh, no, no.

You love Brandon Johnson.

He thinks you're a piece of shit.

Oh, you're right.

Hold on.

That's called love, hate.

My man.

Okay, I'm being introduced to this concept.

So we've talked about the robot.

Have we covered the robot?

In what capacity?

I mean, is there more to talk about with this robot?

You really wanted to talk about the robot.

No, that's pretty much it.

Okay.

Well, all right.

Cool.

Mm-hmm.

All right, well, so people should tune in robot lovers, robot, and human lovers alike.

Human being lovers as well.

Yeah.

What is the preponderance of robots to humans in this show, would you say?

The preponderance?

Yes, exactly.

What's the ratio of...

Well, humans to robots.

In the world or on just specifically on the show?

Let's go with the show first and then the world second.

It's about a one to 30 ratio of robots to humans.

So one robot to 30 humans?

Yeah.

Okay, and in the world in general?

It's about a one to 30 ratio of robots.

Okay, so same as in the show, interesting.

And how many...

How do you tell if you're looking at a robot in real life?

Their aura?

Okay.

Yeah, so you have to take some sort of mystical root drugs or something like that?

No, no, you just...

I mean, if you're a normal human being, you can see people 's auras.

That's all.

I've never...

Huh.

I didn't realize that was a thing that everyone could do.

Yep.

I'm suddenly realizing that I may...

Oh, is that why they talk about the sixth sense?

Oh, and I only have five.

That's why everyone else...

Okay.

You might be a robot, my man.

I think I might be a robot.

I think only robots can't see auras.

This might be like a dacard situation where I'm a replicant and I don't know it.

It's definitely impossible.

Are you my creator?

We look a lot alike.

I want more life.

All right, I'm just quoting Blade Runner lines now.

All right, so Martin, you're our special guest for the entire program.

Nice.

And you're going to be here the entire time, right?

Yes.

We have some other guests coming up, right?

Really?

I'm just excited about that.

All right, well, let's take a break here for a second.

When we come back, we'll have more comedy bang bang.

We'll have more Martin Star and we'll have a very special guest coming up right after on the other side of this.

Bang bang.

♪♪♪♪ How many bang bang we are back with Martin Star?

You know, I'm from Freaks and Geeks.

You know, I'm from Party Down.

You know, I'm from NTSF.

You've been in some movies too, Adventure Land at that.

But you don't actually know me.

No, no, I know this.

Let's just be honest.

Yeah.

Okay.

Does anyone really know you?

Nope.

Wow.

Are you really private?

Real private.

Yeah.

How many people have you ever spoken to?

I can't tell you that.

Oh, God.

I was in the answer to that.

God, if I was a better interviewer, I would figure out how to get that answer out of you.

But I'm not.

Nope.

You're too private.

I'm a bad interviewer.

This is a bad mix.

Oh, well.

Okay.

So Martin's here.

We also have a new guest coming up here on the show.

We do?

Yeah.

And this...

God, you seem really thrown by this.

Both times I mentioned that as other guests.

I think...

What do you think we were going to WTF it up here?

And just do an hour devoted to your process?

I mean, frankly, you don't even know your character's last name.

Whoa.

I don't think we could do an hour on your acting process.

I just couldn't.

I didn't want to tell you because it's revealed in the second season.

Oh, okay.

Well, that's exciting.

All right.

Watch for that this Thursday.

But I have another person on the show and this is a favorite of my great aunt.

I'm sorry about that, Martin.

Oh, boy.

A friend of hers, Ethel Branscombe's on the show.

Hello, Ethel.

Hi.

It's very nice to meet you.

Yeah.

It's real nice to meet you too.

I'm real happy to be here.

I just have a couple of things I need to get out of the way and then we can get back to your business.

Oh, so you're here to get things out of the way?

Well, yeah.

I just...

I want to...

You don't mean moving furniture for us.

I think she has announcements.

Yeah.

That's exactly right, young man.

All right.

So in a sort of public forum type of way, is that what you 're...

That's right.

I don't know if y'all know this, but I have recently come on as a person in charge of the Fitzpatrick Coffee Club because Sandrine had stepped down for just a minute.

She was losing her mind a little bit.

She also got some Botox and her face had swollen up.

Wait, what?

So I just stepped in.

Wait.

You've already lost you.

Yeah.

When you said I don't know if you know this, just...

Well, that's why.

Never even heard of a coffee club.

Oh.

Never heard of Sandra or you or...

Sandrine.

She's a friend of your great aunt, too.

Oh, okay.

I don't know when I'm in trouble.

Your great aunt, Ruby, is a part of this Coffee Club.

We meet every Thursday morning at 7.30 at the Hardys.

Oh, I didn't know.

I haven't really been keeping up with her activities.

We usually catch up about, you know, deaths in the family and, you know, like...

A lot of people die on your family.

That's all you talk to your family members of?

Yeah, just who's sick, who's not sick?

Just kind of a right family.

You should ask her things.

She probably crafts.

She probably has a lot of things going on.

Does she craft?

I don't know.

Ask her.

Oh, okay.

I don't ask her things.

What do you talk about in the Coffee Club?

We mainly talk about people that have died.

We talk about diseases, people that are whose husbands are cheating on them, you know.

Because it sounds like the most depressing club.

I would quit the club.

I wouldn't be a part of that club.

Well, once you're a member, you're a member for life.

Oh, is it like...

I mean, unless you move out of Fitzpatrick...

It's like a family.

...because we would just come and pick you up.

We'd ask you to count flower pieces.

What's it like?

No.

Like bits of flower like that you would cook a cake with.

Because that will take you a long, long time.

Oh, flower that flowers the grow out of your garden.

No, I would have said petals.

Like each grain of flower.

That's what I'm talking about?

Like sand.

Yep.

It's a...

No, I would never do that.

Right.

So then you come into the Coffee Club.

Okay.

I am totally lost.

So every Thursday morning at 7.30, we meet.

Okay.

How long have you guys been meeting?

Oh, going on 52 years is a...

How old?

Because you don't look a day over 47.

I'm 79.

Oh, that's amazing.

You're a young 79.

I have a lot of energy.

Proactive or something?

No, what's happening?

Your skin is gorgeous.

This is a thing Katy Perry puts on her face as not to look like a gargoyle.

Yeah.

And Jessica Simpah...

It's not working.

Her and Jessica Simpah.

It's not working.

Tell that girl she got to get some regular colored hair.

Because I'm tired of it.

Katy?

Yeah, I just flipped through the channel.

It's like, look.

If I see her face, I'm like, I don't want to see candy boobs.

You know, move on.

Look, we have four colors of hair.

Black, brown, blonde, and red.

Stick to those.

Yeah.

That's right.

We don't need your blues.

We don't need your pinks.

You also have gray.

Yeah, we have gray.

Okay.

Five.

Five colors of hair.

Gray kind of isn't a color though, gray.

Whitey hair.

That's the absence of a color.

I guess black is the...

Is every color combined.

I think black is actually the absence of color.

And then white is all colors.

Oh, okay.

Combined.

That's the more spiritual view on it, I guess.

No, that's the literal view.

Oh, okay.

If it's not in the Bible, though, we don't talk about it, right?

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

That's why the spec, like, if you take...

No, no, no.

All right.

Well, the Bible...

So it's more of a church group?

Is that what you're trying to say?

No, it's not a church group.

Oh.

I'm saying the colors.

Do they say what the five colors are in the Bible?

No.

Then you could have a pink if you want.

There's more colors, yes.

But don't do it on your hair.

Wait, so now you're fighting four Katy Perry.

Oh, right.

They do not.

In your crayon box.

They do mention a lot of colors.

Is that a euphemism?

What's that?

In your crayon box?

I'm sorry.

Never mind.

They mention a lot of colors in the Bible and...

Did you run a me?

Joseph's coat.

I don't know if you remember that.

It was red.

Dolly Barton has a song about it, too.

It was red and yellow and green and black and blue.

We also sang a song in Sunday school class about the different colors of red and yellow green and blue.

Black and white, I think.

They are precious and...

Well, we have a lot of...

We have a leper colony outside of Fitzpatrick, so we do get some green and blue.

So we changed the words so that we didn't have to...

Be non-inclusive to that.

That's right.

That's really nice of you.

Thank you.

They don't come to the church because they touch you, you die.

Oh, I didn't know that.

Wow.

You're just Fitzpatrick?

To be honest...

It's in his small town in Alabama.

Alabama, yeah.

I knew my great...

To be honest, I don't really know my extended family all that well, so I knew she was out there in the south somewhere.

And you were born in Fitzpatrick.

That's right.

Born and raised.

I'm in a barn.

You were raised in a barn.

I was born in...

And a barn and raised in a barn.

Wait, now you say you've been there for 52 years, but you 're 79 years old.

No, 52 years we started the coffee club.

Thank you for listening.

Oh, okay.

He doesn't listen.

But you're 47 years old.

79.

He says that with a smile.

That's a sweet boy.

He says that with a smile.

So if I were to smile more?

Yeah, that's good.

It looks good on you.

Okay, thank you.

Then you say you're messed up teeth though.

Oh, gosh.

All right.

Well...

Keep the lips shut, buddy.

All right, so anyway...

So why are you here?

I'm trying to...

Right, I'm having trouble figuring out this story.

Well, you've been asking me lots of questions.

I have an agenda.

I had written it all down.

And I was going to just real quick run through it because I know that this is a favor.

And I didn't want to get in your way because I know you have a comedy show.

Thank you.

The audience probably isn't going...

The audience for this isn't going to be in Fitzpatrick.

Well, you can...

I don't know.

You can listen to it anywhere, right?

Yeah, but I mean...

But people listening to it in Thailand, why can't people listen to it in Fitzpatrick?

Yeah, well, it just seems selfish for your agenda to be spread to everybody.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

Everyone in Thailand now is going to have to hear about your business.

Yeah, just one person is going to...

Mm-hmm.

It's a big following in Thailand if I'm not mistaken.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

It's mainly because of all my trips out there.

Do you go to Thailand?

Oh, yeah, all the time.

It's because of the pro...

Hey, man.

Boy, girls.

What are you talking about?

I just got out there for business trips, man.

Gee.

That sounds like exactly what I'm talking about, man.

Aw, come on, man.

Oh, come on, man.

Two.

Marcy's husband went to Thailand.

He never came back.

Oh.

Lady boys.

You see the lady boys?

I don't know what you're talking about.

Tell us about this coffee club.

I have a couple.

Is that all right?

Let's breeze through them as fast as we can and we get back to the comedy portion of the show.

Marcy has a lot to talk about with his process.

Okay.

Yep.

Okay.

So we...

Just a couple things.

One thing is that we had talked last week about perhaps moving the coffee club to the denny's from the hardies, but that's how about the turnpike and I'm not interested in listening to that chaos and noise as they're building that coming through town and then we're going to have to deal with truckers.

And besides Jermaine, he gets those hash rounds just for us .

Fresh hot coffee, AKA the coffee club.

And also we like our twist cones.

The titular coffee.

That's right.

Yeah.

So I'm not really interested in moving and I think we made a decision, although Sandrine, she's with what with her surgeries coming up and stuff, she 's kind of losing her mind.

That's why I had to step up.

What surgeries?

Well, she doesn't say what they are, but I think they're elective.

I think they're no surgeries.

Now, she had asked us to all...

Right, no class.

Because you know, anytime someone has a surgery or a death in the family, we all gather together.

We make some cast rolls, we bring it over.

We feed the family for a week, right?

Yeah.

But that's like if you have cancer or if you have, you know , the lid of mind poisoning or something that is, you know, not out of your control.

But if Sandrine's getting a boob job...

She's getting elective nasal canal surgery.

How old is she?

She's 83.

And now's the time to get that taken care of.

She started seeing a younger man.

Oh, okay.

He's 72.

Oh, well.

Yeah, I guess that'll do it, you know?

I guess so.

11 years is a big difference.

She said she would never date anyone after her husband died .

She lied to you.

She did.

Yeah, that is right if you feel...

You know, people lie all the time as long as they don't lie to me about how they're feeling about me or something that I did, I don't mind.

Okay.

You know, go online.

That's a good rule of thumb.

Go online to your, you know, Walmart checkout person.

That doesn't matter to me.

Right.

But if you tell me that I look pretty or you tell me that you enjoyed, you know, my grandson's christening and you didn't, that's when it's hurtful.

Okay.

Yeah.

I understand that.

That's the other thing I wanted to make sure that y'all know that you were all invited.

Okay.

Well, but the first thing that we just need to...

I didn't get an invitation.

Hold on one second.

I didn't get an invitation.

I'm probably busy on Sunday.

What do you have to do?

Can I bring a plus one?

It depends.

I'm probably not showing up.

So he can have my ticket if he needs a plus one.

I'm probably, I have stuff to do.

I think your Green 8 Robie said that you didn't have anything to do.

Well, I mean, we don't talk all that much.

You know, she doesn't really know much about it.

I'd like you to see the renovations in the fellowship hall.

I don't know any of these people you're talking about.

Why don't you go get closer and connect with your family?

I mean, you sound like a...

Or you even look like a lovely woman.

Um, wow.

But you're...

Wow.

She's not my family though, Marl.

She's not my family.

I may as well be.

In what manner?

In what respect?

Well, I mean, we are closest sisters.

Ruby and I.

Ruby and you are closest sisters.

And she tells me everything that you have going on.

And I, you know, vicariously participate, you know, as an elder in your life.

And in past years, you know, elders were really respected and counseled.

True.

For decisions and, you know, common to me to know what I've been through in my past.

So that it might affect you and help you make a better choice in your life.

That's true.

Maybe you could give me some advice.

What have you heard about me that maybe you'd like to give me advice on?

Well, you need...

We've already talked about going to the dentist, haven't we ?

I mean, you made a crack about my fucked up teeth.

Wow.

That's...

You know, it's like kind of language.

It's difficult.

It's difficult really truly to see your teeth from behind.

I've just heard from Ruby from behind the big, the puffy mic.

But I have heard from Ruby that you don't...

That's one thing that you don't want to spring for.

And that's cheap.

And I will tell you, if you want to settle down ever with a woman and have children, you're going to need to get your teeth straightened out and lightened because they're almost darkly brown.

Well, first of all, I have a wife.

So that's...

I'm taking care of in that respect.

Okay.

And the children thing, I think that'll come naturally...

It doesn't come naturally...

That's you taking that for granted.

I don't know how old you are.

Yeah, we've done it yet.

But you need to get on that train.

How do you not know how old I am?

It seems like Ruby would be constantly handing out that answer.

That's rude.

That's rude to ask.

Oh, okay.

How old do you think I am?

40.

Thank you so much.

You're welcome.

But anyway, if you came to John III's confirmation, maybe you spent a little time with children and get that hunger, you know, that hunger to have babies.

Oh, okay.

That hunger.

That hunger that you get when you hang out from children with children.

Which one is that?

Never mind now.

All right.

So...

Oh, don't worry about it.

He meant nothing but it.

What was your last name in that show again?

I watched this season and you'll find out.

You'll find out.

All right.

I thought it was Hamilton.

Did you say Hamilton?

No.

No, you have a good...

Jeez, this is the perfect example of an older person's memory.

They can remember things that happened right here in the room, you know, just the things that just happened just as fresh as day.

But they can't remember, you know, where they were when they met their significant others.

Yeah, I remember everything.

You remember every single thing?

Mm-hmm.

What kind of a memory?

I have one of those not face recognition.

Photographic memories.

No.

Not facial recognition technology.

You don't have that instilled in your cyborg eyes.

No, I'm not a cyborg.

I'm not a robot on our hands though.

No, I'm not because I could say you're aura and it's beautiful.

Fair enough.

Okay.

All right, but how's my aura?

It's more than you.

Hi, robot.

Scott.

You may be a robot.

Why would my maker make me with fucked up teeth?

Seems like he would give me a nice pair of choppers.

I don't get it.

No.

Yeah, that's why I curse God.

What...

So you...

But you have a photographic memory?

Is that the first?

No, you know that Mary Lou Hender woman that was on coach or was it...

Well, she was on taxi.

Taxi.

But later in life, she was on a television show.

Not Mary Lou Rhetton who was an Olympic gymnast.

No.

We're talking Mary Lou Hender.

She was freakishly short.

Can we agree on that?

I don't know.

I don't agree on that.

Rhett.

Yeah.

And wide through the chest.

Why?

Yeah, I mean, gymnast.

You mean she had big breasts?

No.

She didn't.

She had tiny breasts.

That's too bad.

But I think it was the strength of a gymnast that you build up a lot of muscle.

Aren't what do you think?

Tiny breasts are big breasts.

What's better?

I mean, it's a tough one.

That's tough.

That's a tough call.

That's a tough one.

I feel like that's its own podcast.

Think...

Yeah, think about that for a little while.

While we have a woman on the show though, I did want to ask , Harry Buttholes or not Harry Buttholes?

Oh, good question.

Thank you.

On women or men?

Okay, well on women, I think we all agree.

I think it depends on your husband because you want to please him whatever...

Whatever he represents.

Yeah, I think almost.

He's seen his teeth on his way to your butthole.

Then we'll go with your...

You understand what I'm talking about, which I appreciate.

I'm amazed how open you are about talking about this show.

It's very...

You know, when you're a 79, you're a woman and you...

With a 47-year-old spirit.

That's right.

You have really seen it all.

If you're not open sexually, then what do you have?

Yeah.

You have so precious few years in which to experiment, it's almost like you've got a crumb every type of thing.

Like what's the kind of crazy stuff that you're doing right now as you head...

As you march towards the December of your years.

Are you single?

No.

Yeah, you have.

I have a live-in boyfriend.

Boyfriend.

Oh, congratulations.

He's not common law.

He will be in another year though.

Okay.

And you guys still participate in sexual activities?

Yeah, of course we do.

What do you do to please him?

The seesaw.

Sorry?

The seesaw.

What is it?

I'm trying to imagine what that would be.

I don't think...

No, you don't.

I don't think you want to...

What is the seesaw?

Can you...

I don't think you want that visual.

Sure.

We get a 2x4 out of the barn where I was born.

So you're living near the barn in which you were born?

Yes, that's right.

Born and raised.

I don't know if you heard her earlier.

Okay, I just...

Just like the barn.

She was born and raised.

That doesn't mean she's living there currently.

Yes.

No, I'm living outside the barn in the house.

Oh, okay.

But the same property line.

That's right.

Okay, great.

And I get a 2x4 out of that barn.

So you get a 2x4 out of that barn.

And I set it on the edge of the bed.

A lot of 2x4 is in the barn?

Yeah.

Like just spare 2x4's?

Where we keep the wood.

For what?

To what purpose?

To build things.

What are you building up there?

What do you need to build?

Sometimes you just need to build a playhouse.

I agree with you.

Sometimes you need to build a saw horse.

Or a seesaw.

Yeah.

Okay, so you get one of those random stray 2x4's that's in the barn.

And then what do you do with it?

I set it on the edge of the bed so about a foot of it hangs off either side.

On the mattress or on the bed frame?

On the top of the bed itself.

Right on the top.

Take the coverlet off.

Coverlet or the quilt or whatever have you.

Yes.

The down will stick to whatever.

Okay.

So you don't want that.

Yes.

And you're going to...

Do you sand the wood first?

I mean, what?

That's a great question.

You should properly sand it.

You should probably shall like it.

I'm not going to lie.

Okay.

Yeah.

Because I grab a 2x4 at the barn.

Any 2x4 will do.

Yeah.

But when you're doing seesawing on a regular, you know, you want to treat yourself.

You kind of keep a spare 2x4 that's shall act.

That's right.

Yeah.

Just off to the side.

That's right.

Okay.

Great.

So then what...

It's hanging over the bed so it's a few inches off on either side.

And then I assume that you and your partner...

What do you assume?

I was going to assume that you get on either side of it.

I don't...

That's correct.

Exactly.

You want to stand...

It depends too on how high you have...

If you have a box spring or if you're using an old frame, you know, you want to make sure that 2x4 is about 6 inches from your crotch naturally standing.

Oh, so you're standing above.

Okay.

So then what I'm trying to...

And then just one of you sit down real hard.

Oh.

Slaps up into your underbits.

Oh, God.

Do that over and over?

Over and over.

Wait, the same person slapping the other person or do you take turns?

Back and forth.

Oh, gosh.

Mark?

I mean, I don't understand the purpose of this to be perfectly honest.

You, I think, are like pain.

What do you do afterward to resupply happiness to your underbits?

Yeah, to soothe your precious so well pain.

It's just like a little spanking.

A little spanking.

One person sits down as hard as they can.

Well, you...

And then to get the force of the 2x4 up into your crotch, you're going to have to sit down with a little bit of heft.

Right.

Do you ever embellish those boards with anything like nails sticking up?

No, we are not.

Katy Perry.

Come on.

That's fair.

Yeah, that's fair.

Wow.

So that's how you keep it fresh.

Is that the only game you play or that's...

That's the primary one that we are.

That's the primary one.

I understand.

When you say you build a, you build a playhouse, is this the kind of playhouse you're talking about?

You're not a grandbaby.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

They don't have the seesaws in there.

Do they know about the kind of stuff that you and what's your husband's name?

By the way.

He's not my husband.

He will be coming along.

Come on.

Rick.

Rick, do your grandchildren know about what you and Rick get up to or what's their opinion?

They know that we're happy and that we satisfy each other and they come over and they understand that there is a deep love.

So when they come over for the playhouse, what exactly do you and do you and Rick share PDA's public displays of affection around them or what?

No.

Do they know that you're together?

Yes.

Okay.

But you never kiss...

He never leaves.

Yeah.

Right.

So...

Rick.

Never leaves.

Not really, no.

Did you ever introduce the subject to them in any way of like, this is Rick.

He's going to be living with me.

He's going to be Michael or did they just have to assume it ?

Well, you know, every 10 years or so I've had a different man in my life.

So I think they're little so they've really some of them have only known Rick.

Every 10 years.

What happens every 10 years?

One of them dies mostly.

Before they become common law?

You're a strong woman.

I've just been through a lot.

You know, don't get your heart set.

That's why keep it light, keep it right and do stuff like seesawing.

You know?

Yeah.

It seems to me like these gentlemen are dying right before they become your common law husband.

Let me ask you, do you have any sort of inheritance or any kind of wealth that you're trying to protect?

I have a house and a barn and some property.

Some property.

That's a hefty load.

What's on this property by any chance is...

A bunch of oil.

Just kidding.

Just kidding?

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

All right.

You have a little look on your face like you're not kidding .

No, no, I'm kidding.

Yeah.

All right.

It seems to me like you're not kidding.

It's a bunch of oil.

I'm kidding though.

It's...

I really...

Can I count on you for a free to look casserole on Sunday?

I really don't think I'm going to be there.

Well, when you come, can you bring a free to lay casserole?

I really doubt that.

I don't...

And can you...

Martin, can you whip up some Brunswick's too?

No.

Could I maybe make some...

I'll send you a recipe.

What were you going to offer?

No, that's fine.

I make a variety of other things.

All right.

What do you make, Martin?

I mean, I could make a fresh salsa.

I make a bean dip.

There are a lot of calls for salsa at these functions.

Not really, but...

I like to cinnamon roast my own walnuts.

Hmm.

Goodness.

A lot of snack items.

I'm noticing.

Yeah.

I mean, I make a good salad.

I make meal items, but to make something in mass like that, bring it for a whole piece of pizza.

Just a bunch of cinnamon nuts.

All right.

Let's take a break here for a second.

We'll try to collect ourselves.

We're going to be right back with a little Martin Star, a little more Ethel Branscombe, who has more announcements.

Did he say that right?

I thought it was...

Ethel Branscombe.

Branscombe.

Okay.

I tried to say it with a little more flair...

Co-op.

Branscombe.

Why are you making fun of me?

It's just coming through those teeth.

Co-op.

Things sound weird.

Yeah.

And it's disrespectful, to be honest.

Yeah, boy.

All right.

We're coming right back with a little more Comedy Bang Man.

We'll be right back after this.

I like this guy.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're here with Martin Star from NTSF, S-D-S-U-V.

We're here with Ethel Branscombe.

All right.

Now.

Can you say it right?

Branscombe.

Ethel Branscombe.

Scott.

Wow.

Ethel Branscombe.

Very dishew...

Scott.

Ocarmano.

Oh, finally, someone gets it right.

We also have another guest on the show.

You know him.

It's Neil Campbell is here on the show.

He's going to be reading...

This is a new feature on the show.

He's going to be reading some gossip blind items.

Welcome, Neil.

Hey, thanks for having me.

Hey, my pleasure.

What do you got?

Who's hot under the collar this week?

All right.

So these are blind items.

So your listeners can write in with their guesses.

Okay.

But I...

And if anyone guesses it right, what happens?

Well, I can't say.

It would be liable if I actually...

These are so salacious.

All right.

Oh, two salacious.

That if I actually name names, I could get in trouble.

Okay, but we're going to keep them blind right now.

They're blind for now.

I'm going to hear what these celebs got up to.

Oh boy, here we go.

But you're not going to...

I can't identify them.

Oh my God.

What if you did say who was...

Oh, I don't even want to think about it.

I don't even think about it.

Okay, ready?

These are pretty naughty.

Mm-hmm.

Katie Perry, do we get to guess?

You can guess.

Yes, but I would say guessing is probably better reserved for afterwards.

Okay.

Yeah.

Normally, that's how any riddle is answered.

But y'all have never done this before.

Any sort of test question.

I like to guess first.

And just see what happens.

That's true.

Alright, let's hear your first one.

Alright.

That's true.

This podcast turned TV host is known for treating his guests with respect.

But did you know he also treats his parents with respect?

He recently gave them an all expenses paid trip to Hawaii for their anniversary.

Can you say Aloha?

Hm-hmm.

And no matter what, I'll never reveal who it is.

Well...

Okay, Neil.

Yeah.

First of all, that's me.

That's obviously me.

I don't think so.

Well, my lips are zipped.

I mean...

That doesn't sound like you at all.

First of all, there's the...

He said respects his guests.

Yeah, first of all, there's the fact that I've had a lot of disrespect going across the table here.

I may be the only podcast turned TV host, but also I just gave my parents a trip to Hawaii.

So it sounds like you're just...

Yeah.

Right.

You're just taking what I've said to you in conversation and turning...

I refuse to betray my journalistic standards and reveal...

All right.

What about Russell Brand?

Yeah, I bet he'd do that.

Hmm.

Seems like a real...

Did we have a podcast before his TV show?

I think...

I think so, yeah.

I can confirm it's not Russell Brand.

Wow, so...

Oh.

By process of elimination, Chris Hardwick.

Yeah, but like...

Chris Hardwick.

You know what?

Definitely not.

Okay, wasn't Chris Hardwick.

You know, it sounds like...

He hits his parents.

Really?

Yeah, he beats on them.

Wait, see, that's the kind of thing that you shouldn't be saying.

Meanwhile, this supposedly salacious item about me buying my parents a trip to Hawaii...

Maybe you.

I've met Chris before.

He doesn't seem like a wife...

He doesn't seem like a wife beater, but he doesn't seem like a parent beater.

Definitely seems like a parent or a parent beater.

No, no, he's...

It's always the least apparent ones are the parent beaters.

It's not apparent is what they always say about parent be aters.

Exactly.

That's what my bumper sticker says.

That's how you can always tell.

If it's not apparent, he's beating his parents.

Exactly.

Yeah.

I'm gonna start him out.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

Can I...

I want to make another guess.

Sure.

Drew Carey.

He just seems like a nice guy.

He would send his parents on a Hawaiian vacation.

L.A. Galaxy fans.

Drew Carey?

No, I'm afraid not.

Okay.

Well, let's hear number two.

You can really get into this.

What about Wayne Brady?

Oh, it seems really a nice fellow.

Yeah.

I don't know if he could afford it.

Guys, I think...

I think we already have established who it is.

I don't think so.

Let's hear in a second.

All right.

Do you have to tell us?

No.

Only if we don't...

If we guess it wrong...

If you guess it, I'll spin around in my chair 100 times.

Oh boy.

Okay.

That's gonna be fun.

I can do that in eight seconds.

Can I point out to the audience that every time he says one of these, he does a little snake squiggle in his chair?

He does.

He's getting really excited for that.

It's real sassy.

That's just...

I have aftershocks from a seizure I had when I was young.

Oh, sorry.

That's all right.

Please, Mrs. Branscombe.

I'm sure.

Well, I didn't know.

It looked sassy to me like he was gay.

Oh, that's why I got into the Gossip Business.

I already have a sassy little spine, so...

Okay.

All right.

Ready for my next one?

This freaky geek turned NTSF star with two Rs may seem like an incredibly talented actor and all around quality human being.

But did you know that he also goes out of his way to help others?

My sources say that he helped a complete stranger change a tire on the side of a busy street.

Sounds like he might have more than one screw loose.

By which I mean he did a good job of loosening the screws on the tire before changing it.

Otherwise, he's completely sane.

Okay.

I have no idea.

I have no idea at the moment.

I don't think...

I mean, it sounds like I feel like I know merely because I want you to spin around in your chair a hundred times, I'm going to guess Martin Star.

No.

Oh my God.

That was...

Oh.

Everything in the studio is like when the Tasmanian devil arrives, everything blew away.

What?

Wait, that was right?

Oh, I can't say.

I can't say.

So the different Martin Star?

No, that's you.

Oh my God.

You sound like a cool dude.

I've never helped anyone.

Oh, that's just your public persona.

It sounds to me like I can't.

Okay, I just don't want to talk about it.

Okay.

I don't want to talk about it.

All right.

Let's keep this item blind for now.

Okay.

Should we move on?

What do you think?

I guess.

Oh my God.

Can you guys see out that window that woman needs help with her tire?

Hold on.

I'll be right back, guys.

Okay, Martin's going to go here.

Wait, where'd he go?

Oh my gosh.

He's doing it again.

Quick ride a new blind item.

Oh, he's back.

Oh, hey man.

Hey guys.

That was quick.

Yeah.

Seems to me like you have a screw loose.

And by that, I mean, you successfully helped that woman change her tires.

I thought you were calling me a robot.

Other than that, you're completely sane.

I was going to punch you or shoot you with my laser beam.

Okay.

Next item.

Okay.

Drugs.

Promiscuous sex.

Alcohol.

Okay.

Now we're getting salacious.

Athle Branscombe.

This fits Patrick Alabama native stays away from all of those things.

Oh.

Preferring instead to donate her time at the local children 's hospital where she volunteers, helping to cheer up sick kids.

I won't give you any clues whatsoever as to her identity.

Not even one little hint.

I have to say that her first name is also that of a popular gay talk show host.

And her last name combines two words.

One which is the outer layer of grain and the other which is a layer of gross stuff on top of a pond.

Otherwise my lips are zipped.

Wait, Athle.

Athle is the first name of a...

I have to say that sounds a lot like you.

A popular gay talk show host.

I maybe thought her name was Ellen.

I have a twin sister name.

Hold on.

I need to call the New York Times that tell them we need to put in a correction or a retraction.

Oh.

A retraction and retraction.

Oh my gosh.

I like to correct that retraction.

Athle.

Yes.

Wow.

I didn't know about that about you.

I spent a lot of time with crippled children.

Wow.

I have to say Neil, I don't think crippled is actually the appropriate term in the handicap door.

They say, call me crippled.

That's what I am.

Wow.

They're very aware.

Neil, I have to say that these are not very salacious.

In fact, they're not about celebrities at all.

You talk to us before the show and when you came up to me, he was like, hey, what's going on lately?

And then you start taking notes.

You ripped out my notepad with the vertical.

Yeah.

I mean, you asked me what my hobbies were.

I also saw you.

And you use that information against me.

Okay.

I've had another one.

Okay.

What's that one?

Just do it real quick.

You have another one that was like also, I won't even say, but you know what?

There is one that's salacious.

Oh, okay.

Honestly is it's it's okay.

Yeah, that's something you can admit something juicy.

Yeah.

Okay.

Here we go.

Sniffy o factor is a gossip columnist who may come across as a normal guy, but he's actually a raging pervert, his latest vice going on to podcasts and then waiting for all the guests to leave the room so he could sniff the chairs where they were sitting sooner or later he'll be caught.

But hopefully not today because his sniffer is just warming up.

Okay.

Can I just ask one question before clearly we all know who it is when I left the room, did anything weird happen?

Yeah.

I wondered when you helped that lady change her tire.

Yeah.

All of a sudden he.

Which went well, by the way.

Thanks for asking guys.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, we saw it.

We saw the whole thing.

Did you want?

Yeah, we were watching.

She hugged you and yeah.

Yeah.

She's cute too.

She had little titties though.

No, I was.

Is that okay with you?

Because you didn't say.

I didn't, I didn't say.

What do you think they also look smaller from up here?

That's true.

You get down.

Sometimes they're surprisingly big.

To be honest.

What do you like better though?

I'm on the wrong bra or something.

What do you like better?

Small titties are big titties.

Well, let's say this.

This should be our last question.

This is a closer.

Okay.

Sure.

What were we going to say?

We all know who it is.

Yeah.

And yeah, he did lean over and I wondered why.

And he pretended to trip while you were gone.

And you fell into that chair.

Face plan.

I went back into that chair.

Hey, I'll never reveal who sniffy o-factor is.

You want this two by four to take home?

You can snap both ends up it.

Too much to lack.

Why did you bring the two by four here?

You're already a man at home.

I do.

You're on the market for a new problem?

He has emphysema.

He's not going to be around.

Well, listen, if there really is oil on your land or not, you know, if you don't want to talk about it, maybe I can take you out before.

I mean, I don't know.

Maybe our road trip will go real smooth.

In the van?

What a scoot.

In the van.

What do you have in the van?

Like a mattress or something?

Mm-mm.

Just a bunch of seats.

That probably makes sense.

Mm-mm.

For what vans are usually used for.

Are there a bay of telephone booths I can run out to?

Uh-uh.

Call my editor.

You have an editor.

You don't have a cell phone.

Our cell phones aren't allowed in here.

No, cell phones are not allowed in California.

The fourth estate frowns on them anyway.

Yeah.

Wow.

Ethel, what's going on with your microphone?

I had to call my nose on my microphone.

Oh, no.

Um, well gosh.

Neil, that was horrible.

You did a terrible job.

Sorry.

Wait, who was that?

Was that Gilly?

Did Gilly just come in here?

She came in.

She laughed.

I don't know.

You should come live in Fitzpatrick.

We have a lot of interesting scoops.

Mm.

Oh, okay.

You could be the gossip columnist.

Well, you could find out what's going on with Sandrine's face.

What is going on with her face?

Doesn't sound good.

I'll tell you.

I wouldn't mind the updates though.

Yeah, what's happening with her?

Maybe you should be there.

That's what I'm trying to find out.

But what are the symptoms?

Well, her face is real swollen.

Oh, it's swollen, huh?

Yeah.

I think she had some.

The nasal canal.

I think she had her nasal canal enlarged.

Okay.

This seems to be the only issue with which you're concerned .

Is Sandrine and her surgery that you seem very worried about?

I think we have covered a lot.

I had my nasal cavity enlarged.

Enlarged in order to sniff better.

It would have gotten more sniffers of more molecules up the old nostril.

Oh boy.

What are you doing Sunday?

Really?

Anyone can come to this thing.

This is another reason that I don't want to go to this thing.

It's not anyone.

I specifically invite people that I feel a connection with.

You feel a connection with sniffy over here?

Listen, she sees people's orders.

She knows who people are.

That's right.

There's a reason why you can't make it.

And thank God you're not really pushing the issue, Athol.

I tried to push it.

You're really not welcome.

I can't come.

I literally can't come.

I'm doing a 5K.

But you can't see the orders.

Can you bring a caramel cake or some sweet tea?

I'll bring...

Oh, he gets easy ones.

What am I making?

Brunswick stew.

All that is is a bunch of beef shredded up in a blender with a bunch of corn.

I can make that.

Yeah, that's pretty easy.

Yeah, and I'll do the caramel cake.

Do you heat it up?

Caramel cake.

What?

The Brunswick stew.

Caramel.

Oh my God.

Yes, you heat it up.

Well, you're going to eat a bunch of cold beef.

I don't know.

You mentioned a blender and then you stopped after that.

It's you do.

You can eat cold soup?

No.

Spacho.

That's spacho.

Guys, you mentioned a blender.

You never mentioned a pot.

Okay?

It's a stew.

New scoop.

You know what?

Never mind.

Ocarvin prefers his beef cold.

It sounds like something I don't want per minute.

You did that wiggle again too.

Yeah, you definitely did the wiggle.

You got that going.

And you spun around in your chair a hundred times because you actually said my name.

Well, I sourced that one.

Okay.

Alright, guys, let's take one more break and when we come back we'll play a little game and we'll be right back with comedy bang bang after this.

♪ Lost boy slash friend ♪ ♪ Lost boy slash friend ♪ ♪ Wasn't just a boy ♪ ♪ He was also a friend ♪ ♪ Wasn't just a boy ♪ ♪ He had a mustache ♪ ♪ And every day and every way ♪ ♪ Tells me that he thinks I'm pretty ♪ ♪ What do you think that's like to lose ♪ ♪ Lost boy slash friend ♪ Comedy bang bang, we're back here with Martin Starr, Neil Campbell, Ethel Brant.

Ethel, not Ellen, Brant, Scum.

That's pretty good.

Pretty good.

And we're having a good time.

Is it safe to say we're browing out?

Yeah, I think so.

Okay, great.

It's always great when we have a TV and movie star, a regular person.

A complete nobody.

And an elderly woman on the show.

I think it's a great mix.

You want to give your viewers a reason to go.

Your listeners.

Reason to go.

I guess I could skip that one.

I pretty odd it.

We only really have one last thing here on the show and that's a little something that we like to call, would you rather?

♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Alright, sound play, would you rather?

And we all know how this is played.

I will read, would you rather, Scenarios?

The people have sent me on my Twitter, which is at CBBWIR, which stands for Comedy Bang Bang, would you rather?

I'll read them out loud.

I'll then open the floor for questions.

You can ask me any question about either of the scenarios that you like in order to narrow down your choice because I have all the answers here with me.

Okay.

And then I'll close the floor for questions.

You'll vote.

We'll tally up the points and we'll assign a winner.

That's pretty easy.

So let's do it.

Here we go.

William Johnson on Twitter, his handle is psychic-bouse.

Alright.

William Johnson, he asks, would you rather have a question?

Would you rather have a question about your question?

Would you rather have a question about your question about your question?

Would you rather have a question about your question about your question about your question?

Is the skeleton movable?

Can I wear it like as a hat or as a shoe or on my butt?

You have to wear it on your butt.

That is the- Specifically on your butt.

Specifically on your butt.

Yeah.

It has to be exposed, so you're wearing those rhino-neal so fine jeans that have exposed butt-onks.

That's a really old reference.

I think they did that with the apple bottoms too.

Oh, the apple bottom jeans.

You have boots with fur, so I recall.

That's a good match.

But yeah, you have a turkey carcass on your butt at all times.

Alright.

Is the carpet naturally growing from your armpits?

Is it in a place- Like if it gets soiled, can you trim it and new carpet grows in?

Is it in place of hair?

Yes, it grows unlike a carpet but much like pubic hair so that you can kind of get a lawnmower and shave it down every couple of months or so.

You could have said any kind of hair.

You didn't have to specifically call it pubic.

Well, that's, you know, I mean, I want to be evocative and I want to be- Because the molecules upon your pubis could have been grass too or anything that naturally grows.

Yeah.

You can get a lawnmower out there but you have to- But tiny, tiny lawnmower?

You like to smoke grass out there.

Yeah.

Do you really?

Yes, I do.

This might be a really fun road trip.

I think- Neil is taking notes here.

I'm taking notes here.

When should we head back?

You think Saturday or Saturday?

Sure.

Friday.

I also take to drive to Alabama.

18 hours.

Okay.

Who drives?

Wait, where are we?

Thursday.

Where in California right now?

Longer than that.

Okay.

Good and take us- Three and a half to four days.

Okay.

You should start now.

I don't know.

I think if you're up for it, we can just drive 24 hours a day.

We can get your clothes.

Yeah, you can do shifts.

I've gone from Kansas to LA and back 24 hours each time.

Wow.

Moment of silence for that trip.

Yeah, it's amazing.

I have to drive to the valley later.

Oh, well that's worse sometimes with LA traffic.

Dude, that's what I was thinking.

Oh, thank you so much.

All right.

Yeah, but you have to be really careful with the spilling red wine on your armpits because that never goes out.

I'll be inviting UB40 over because of their song Red Red Wine, Ethel.

You have a confused look on your face.

I thought that was a different singer.

Well, it was a cover of the yield.

Yeah.

Anyway, let's do a remix of Red Red Wine.

Oh, here we go.

Red Red Wine.

Okay.

Stay close to me.

No, let me be alone.

My Joomy Pills so fine.

The dive, dive, dive, dive.

All of the time Red Red Wine, Joomy Pills so fine.

Something, something, all of the time.

Oh, whoa.

Was that the turkey carcass?

That was a turkey carcass.

Oh, wow.

Fantastic.

Great remix, guys.

That sounds like we know your choice.

Yeah.

What other questions do we have?

We've barely scratched the surface on either of these scenarios.

Neil, do you have anything?

What's going on?

Do I have anything?

Any question?

No, no, I actually had about the same question about this.

You only have one question.

If the carpet was ever growing and you could trim and replace it as it gets soiled, yes, that was a lot of fun.

That's your only question about either scenario.

I don't want the turkey at all, so.

You don't want a turkey?

I just started to butt.

I just started to pair myself for my carpeted.

It's a turkey skeleton or like a full-on decaying carcass.

No, when I said carcass, I really gave it the bum wrap.

It's a skeleton.

It's like one of those funny skeletons like when the ghost of a turkey comes to life and dances around here's xylophone music.

Oh, like on Christmas.

It's a funny skeleton.

Yeah, it's a funny skeleton.

Yeah, it's attached to your butt.

Human centipede's hair.

It has to be attached to your butt.

Yeah.

Is it attached via skin or can it just be like on your, when you said on your person, am I physically attached to it?

It's whole fun to your Angus hair, right?

Yeah, you're physically attached to it like the human cent ipede where it's if you have anus hair.

That's right.

If you are so lucky.

Sorry.

It's beak is shoved into your rectum and then you shit out of its rectum.

Oh, it just goes right through.

Yeah.

It's a little train.

Yeah, the train actually going on.

Gotcha.

Does it have a rectum?

Because that I believe is muscle.

I didn't realize a rectum.

Where?

Does a turkey rectum bone?

I think it just dripped the shit drips down.

The shit drips out of the body.

Yeah.

You want to be so crass as to say the shit drips out of the skeleton into your toilet.

Yeah.

Just making sure.

Sorry, Neil.

I know you have delicate ears.

Oh, boy.

Any other questions here, guys?

Wow, these are the least amount of questions I've ever had on it.

Is the carpet customizable color wise?

Kind of a shitty question.

Oh, no.

No, it's not customizable.

It's got to be one of the five.

It's whatever it's whatever Katy Perry's hair looks like on it that every time.

So every time she changes her hair, yeah, it changes.

Yeah, it's like a mood ring.

It changes to match Katy Perry's hair.

No, sir.

And then last question.

Don't vote yet.

Do the does the carpet match the drapes?

Ha ha.

Hold on.

Let's high five everyone in the room before we answer that question.

That's good.

Ha ha.

Yeah.

Is it?

One over there, two.

Did I get everybody?

I feel like I only got you.

Okay, let me get that.

I'll follow over here.

Engineer Mike.

Engineer Mike is a business.

It's engineering Brett, but uh.

Engineer Brett.

I just feel like Engineer Mike has a good ring to it.

That does have a good ring to it.

I'll call him Brett.

For now.

The carpet does not match the drapes because your drapes, i .e. the.

Oh, they match Katy Perry's drapes.

No, no, no, no.

The hair follicles on your pubis are actually bed bugs.

They are replaced by bed bugs in this scenario and they're constantly biting.

This just got worse.

This is got a whole lot worse.

This is why you ask questions, guys.

A curve.

No, well, that's not.

You didn't.

The question should encompass the changes that you're going to find.

Oh, no, no, no.

This is why you have to ask questions on this.

Otherwise, you're going to vote incorrectly.

Oh, shit.

Yeah, sorry, guys.

That may have thrown you for a loop.

The bed bugs that have replaced your pubes and that are constantly biting.

And they're constantly biting you or they like your minions that you send out to the tech.

Yeah, I agree with that.

Well, you can send 10% of them out as minions, but the other 90% are feasting upon your penis.

That's like tavin.

Well, what about if you're a church?

10% that's you give 10%.

Tithing, yeah.

Okay.

If you hear 10%, that's the one thing that you think of is tithing.

Yeah.

We're not even talking about church or offering or anything .

And one of these.

10%, that's what it is.

Okay, thanks.

In one of these specific scenarios, would I never have a blowjob ever again?

And I will say in the carpet scenario, it's really difficult to find a woman who's willing to put her mouth on where all the bed bugs are.

That's what they're not.

Not impossible.

If they're feasting on your penis, you're in a way sort of constant.

Always getting a blowjob.

Yeah, the most painful blowjob you've ever gotten.

But for Ethel- You all know my ex, Scott.

Oh, wait, who's your ex?

Edward Scissorhouse?

Edward Wurrke, me and Euro, I wish, as a journalist.

All right.

Interesting.

And maybe you're into the pain factor of this, Ethel, because- I don't have a penis.

Yeah, but I mean- You know what the bed bugs are biting upon then.

Yeah.

She can take pain there, though.

You know what I was saying.

I had that removed.

You're clitoris?

Yeah.

Why?

Female circumcision.

Why would you ever do something like that?

What do you mean?

That's what we do in our tiny town in Alabama.

Aunt Ruby?

That's right.

Oh my god.

This sounds like- Can I ask one more question about the turkey butt?

Yes, but- Do I get to keep the meat that comes off of the turkey before it dies?

Does the meat- At one serving of one turkey?

Yeah.

Do you get to keep it?

Meaning you put it in- It's a good question.

Put it in the freezer or what do you want to do with it?

She wants to eat it, probably.

Put it in a stew.

Yeah.

You want to put it in some sort of stew?

That's right.

In the blender first.

Chicken soup.

Yeah, maybe.

Maybe I'll put it in a cake.

Who knows?

So it's none of my business?

Is that what you're trying to say?

It's none of your business what I do with the turkey meat.

I didn't ask that.

I asked, do I get the turkey meat?

Yes, you get the turkey meat.

I'm so sorry.

All right.

You get to keep the turkey meat.

It just keeps getting sweeter.

All right.

Any other questions before I close down the floor?

All right.

I'm closing down the floor and we're going to go to Martin.

How do you like to vote?

Given the bed bug revelation, I think I'm going to have to go with the turkey carcass.

Turkey carcass and you were more on the carpeting.

Absolutely.

For the longest time.

How about you revealed something that I can't- You can't abide by that, really?

Bed bugs grossed me out anyway.

To have a layer of bed bugs on, you know, my meat and potatoes.

The cool thing about them is they respond to your mental commands.

So that's- 10% of them.

10%.

No, those 10% can go attack people.

I'm saying the other 90% respond to your mental commands by forming any kind of design with your pubes that you want.

Okay, I'll take that.

Never mind.

I'm back on board.

All right.

He's back on board.

Sounds all right.

Okay.

Neil, how do you like to vote?

That did nothing to convince me.

With the turkey, I feel like I would get used to, and perhaps I already have gotten used to.

I'll be cut my butt.

All right.

So, Ethel, Ethel, how do you like to vote?

I think I've made myself clear.

Turkey?

Yeah.

Why is that?

Because.

Because why?

Because it doesn't get in the way of my sea sawn.

The turkey would not get in the way of your sea sawn.

No, it's on my butt.

It's on my backside.

That turkey get knocked up into my lower back.

You know how good it feels with someone rubs your lower back.

So Ethel, you're going with the turkey up your butt.

That's right.

All right.

Let's tally up these points.

And Ethel and Neil, you both picked the turkey, which nets you 10 points.

So congratulations for the 10 points for the turkey.

Yes.

Martin, you picked the turkey, which got you 10 points.

But then you switched your answer, and there's a five-point penalty for switching your answer.

So you're at five.

And so it'll, we'll have to see just how many points the bedbug pubes get you.

And that gets you six points for the bedbug pubes.

If you had picked it initially, you would have lost.

But because you switched your answer, you're now in a, you 're at 11, which means you're our winner.

Congratulations.

That's how we played with you rather.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

We did it.

Guys, we really did it.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

We really did it this time.

This guy's like a great brunch spot.

He's rewarded for waffling.

Hey.

Hmm.

All right.

Well, it's now time for our last feature on the show.

And it's a little something we call plugs.

I'm done doing free bits better.

Let me plug my shit.

Doing free bits better.

Let me plug my shit.

Done doing free bits better.

Let me plug my shit.

Better.

Let me plug my shit.

Shit.

I ain't your monkey, bitch.

Shit.

I ain't your monkey, bitch.

Shit.

I ain't your monkey, bitch.

Shit.

I ain't your monkey.

Done doing free bits better.

Let me plug my shit.

Better.

Let me plug my shit.

I'm gonna plug my shit.

Oh, nice.

That was shit.

I ain't your monkey, bitch, by Herman Franklin.

Thanks, Herman.

And you got a little Martin Star remix on that.

All right.

Yeah, that was nice.

And if you have a plug theme that you want to send to us, go head on over to earwolf.com under the Comedy Bang Bang message boards.

It's there.

And we will play your plug theme and you can be famous for a week.

And Herman, you are famous for a week.

Congratulations, my man.

But come Sunday, you will be a nobody.

So I hope you're prepared for the fall.

But enjoy this week while you have it.

These seven days are yours.

All right.

So we're gonna go.

I suggest that we do it counterclockwise this time.

I'm gonna switch it up.

Meaning I'm facing this way.

So I'm gonna go to Martin.

All right.

So Martin.

What do you like to plug here?

Obviously NTSF.

Yes.

NTSF is on Adult Swim.

Do you know what time it's on?

I do not know what time it's on.

1215.

So it's on this Thursday.

It's paired with Children's Hospital.

Just after midnight.

Yeah.

Midnight is Children's Hospital, I believe.

And then 1215.

That's a great back to back.

Yeah.

1215 NTSF starts.

And you have a movie coming out that you were trying to talk about earlier.

Yeah, which you weren't really allowing.

But I'm allowing it now.

Anything goes during clocks.

Thanks.

Well, nothing is actually definitive, but we received, we 're going to be distributed by IFC Films.

Oh, great.

Come November.

I believe it was November 14th.

It's the same day as Twilight comes out, the new Twilight movie.

Great.

So.

And what's the name of that film?

You don't go see Twilight.

Come and see Save the Date.

Save the Date.

And that's with Friend of the Show, Alice and Bree.

Alice and Bree.

Lizzie Kaplan, Jeffrey Eren, Mark Weber and myself.

Fantastic.

I look forward to that.

And Party Down movie.

Party Down movie I'm still hoping for where we're all sending emails around and trying to make this happen.

It's in the phase where it's still up in the air.

Freaks and geeks reunions.

I'm writing that needs to be done.

We've done that 8 million times.

No, but I mean like TV show.

Where are they now?

Oh, no.

Yeah, yeah.

I've done that 8 million times.

Oh, wow.

You should really distribute those.

I told you I'm private.

Okay.

I understand.

Yeah.

All right.

Neil, bearing in mind this is August 6th.

What do you have to plug?

Comedy Bing Bing TV show?

Yeah, we have the big season finale coming Friday.

Yeah.

You were a writer and producer on it.

Yeah.

I think I'm in that one too.

Are you in it?

Well, maybe it's a special effect.

But you'll hear my voice.

Oh, good.

I can't.

What part were you playing?

God.

God, that was this week.

That was...

None of those two gods.

Oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah.

No, you are in this.

Yeah, you were a current character of God.

You will see you.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

And then, yeah.

And then if you're in Los Angeles, go see me.

Last day of school, I am prop tape Thursday at 11 PM at UC BLA.

Okay.

And also, don't you have a kiss from Daddy and birthday boy show coming up this week?

No, we just missed it.

We just missed it.

Six days ago.

Fuck you.

Ethel, what do you have to plug?

Can we just say that there are not two gods?

There is only the one.

Okay.

Yeah, we can say that.

Multiple kids.

But it doesn't make it true, Ethel.

Martin, I thought we were on the same page.

We have a lot to talk about on our own trip.

You're going to be riding on the top of the truck.

That sounds hot.

What do you got, Ethel?

Well, I, you know, everyone, I'm just going to open it up so I have so many cancellations.

Everyone is invited to my...

Oh, everyone listening.

My grandbaby's confirmation on Sunday at the Fitzpatrick faith United Methodist Church.

And I bring something to eat, or else there won't be enough .

Okay.

And if every one person brings one thing to eat, there should be enough.

Yeah.

That's right.

What if everyone just brought their own meal?

Yeah.

But then you wouldn't yet to taste a little bit of everybody else's.

Oh, that's true.

And we know how you like to taste a little bit of everybody else's.

That's right, Martin.

Mm.

You guys really have something.

We had a connection.

You guys a little sly smiles back and forth.

Brown sugar's on sale at the Pigly Wiggly, if anybody needs to know that.

Mm-hmm.

I like, there's a television show that was on that I enjoy watching.

Um, online.

Oh, you can listen to this podcast.

You can see it online.

That's right.

I know what you're talking about.

Match game 76.

That's right.

Starring Jim J.

Jacob's.

Whatever's saying Jim J.

Jacob.

Jacob's.

That doesn't sound like a real name.

Yes.

I'm going to have to call you on that.

Yes.

Sassy Squirrely.

But there's another show that I think you may really enjoy called BFF.

Best friends forever.

I do.

Where can people see that?

I think they can watch it on Hulu or they can buy it on iTunes.

Oh, great.

That was a great show.

They could have watched it on television, but they didn't do that.

So.

What happened to it?

It's over.

Uh-oh.

Oh, boy.

Well, that was a great show.

I really enjoyed that.

It was.

How many episodes did you make?

Did you make two?

I really loved those two that I saw.

We made six.

Oh, okay.

You have, what, how?

20, 88 minutes of joy left in your life.

I saw the pilot.

I really enjoyed the pilot.

Thank you.

Everyone that I know.

All right.

Well, I want to, first of all, I want to give a donor shout out.

Thanks to Paul Robertson.

He gave $100 to you.

Well, thanks, Paul.

And you're a superstar, one of our superstar donors, and something special coming to you.

Thanks, Paul.

And if you donate, you can hear your name on this show.

Seems like there's easier ways and less, you know, expensive ways to hear your name on something.

But hey, we love your donors.

Thank you so much, Paul Robertson.

And I want to plug the, we're in the middle of the Comedy Bang Bang tour.

This is coming out August 6th.

We sell have a week left.

Tonight we will be in Boston.

Then we're going to do two shows in New York.

We're doing DC, Philly, and Vancouver.

Come on out and see me.

I'll be with Tim Heidecker and also James Zidomian for everything except the Vancouver show, some special guests on the Vancouver show.

Come out and see me.

I'd love to meet you.

And this Friday is the Comedy Bang Bang season finale.

Weird Al Yankovic to Nacious D.

We have Carrie Kenny.

We have David Cross.

A lot of weird stuff happening on this show.

I think you're really going to enjoy it.

Neil Campbell plays God on it.

And this is our final episode.

We had a great run and I hope you really enjoy it.

And if you liked it, let everyone that IFC know.

And don't let what happened to BFF happen to my show.

Let people know that it's on and watch it.

And that's it guys.

We're closing up the old plug bag.

All right, let's close it up.

And that was Ken Marino with the closing of the plug bag theme.

And that's it guys.

Thank you so much for being here Martin.

Thanks.

Great you having you as a first time guest.

Really my pleasure.

I hope I get to visit these tables again.

Fantastic, Neil.

Always great to see you.

Always a distinct pleasure, sir.

Boo.

And Ethel, it's very nice to meet you.

Tell my aunt Ruby I said hello.

I will and I'll see you Sunday.

Yeah, you will not.

I'll see you several days.

Try it.

Yeah.

All right, see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

Ethel, yeah.

♪ Ethel ♪ This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

♪ Earwolf radio, boom, doggom.

Ew, ew, ew, ew!

The Wolf Dead.
