---
layout: page
title: 171. Megan Mullally, Nick Kroll, Stephanie Hunt [13565⧸21055].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

One of the stars of children's hospital, Megan Mulally is here making her first appearance on the program.

Also, her partner, Stephanie Hunt, they are in a musical group, Nancy and Beth together.

I know that's complicated, but we're going to figure it out and we're going to hear some songs from them.

Plus, a new favorite drops by the program and perhaps an old favorite, all of that and more on today's...

♪♪♪ Hip-hip replacement. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Hip-hip replacement. Funny, funny stuff.

Thanks to Pinoco for that catchphrase submission. Welcome to the show. It is Scott Ocherman, aka The Chalked Eye, aka The World Chame of Scottabot.

Haven't said that one in a while.

Um...

Welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang the podcast.

Welcome. It's a fine August, Monday and...

Ahhh... Boy, oh boy. Thanks for finding your way over to the podcast. If you came over here from the TV show, welcome.

We take all comers and we welcome you. If you're coming over here from the TV show, of course the TV show is...

A very fast-paced half hour and this is a more leisurely relaxed hour and some odd minutes.

And we're just going to have a lot of fun and I have some great guests today, great music, great guests.

In my mind, the perfect combination of two great things.

And, um... Boy, oh boy, if I don't have...

Probably the perfect first time guests. I'm staring at them right now. I'm staring intently at them. Maybe two intently .

Perhaps two intently. Yeah.

But I... It's their first time on the show and what do they have in common?

You know, I'm going to say two disparate names and you go, what are those people doing together? Well, we'll talk about it.

But first of all, you know her from children's hospital, from of course...

You don't have to mouth your resume. I know you've been on party down.

Of course, children... Is there stuff you want me to highlight? Is that why you're...

Stuff you don't want me to say? You know her from breaking in?

They don't know me from that.

And of course Will and Grace, of course. Megan Mulally is here.

Yay! Welcome.

Oh my. Who left the Whistlers in here? And then they were gone.

And then a young woman now, I first remember you from Friday Night Lights.

That's true. That's true. You were in Landry's Band in his garage band. What was the name of that band?

Chris Victoria.

Chris Victoria is one of the greatest big band names of all time.

Right.

Stephanie Hunt is here.

That's me.

All of the Whistlers came back.

The roving troop of Whistlers.

When the winds came in...

...and then the helicopters.

Welcome guys. And inexplicably, you two know each other.

Yes. I know.

It seems impossible to believe, and yet...

You're in a musical combination.

Well we are. We met doing an Indian movie in Austin last summer.

Wait, did you say an Indian movie?

I thought she did too.

A Hollywood movie.

Yeah. Cowboys and Indian.

No.

We met doing an indie independent film.

So you guys do independent films. That's interesting.

We do.

Mm-hmm.

I love independent film.

This one's called Somebody Up There Likes Me and Nick Off erman.

Not to be confused with Ocaraman.

Oh yeah. We get confused a lot.

Yeah.

I sometimes think I'm married to you, which is on the list.

In terms of talent or fame.

Just in terms of our last name.

Similarity of the last name.

So we did this movie together and Stephanie and I met.

And she told me that she played ukulele and wrote songs.

And I told her I wanted to hear them.

So she made me sing with her on the first song.

That was it.

That was history.

So you played her one of your songs and you said, Hey, you have to sing along?

Yeah, I gave her a part.

I was like, Okay, so this is how it goes.

And this is your part.

And then we played it together.

So we thought that our voice has blended really well.

And then we discovered that we have like the exact same musical inclinations and the same kind of feel for songs and phrasing and all of that stuff.

And we like the same music.

So we decided we wanted to play music together.

Yeah.

So we started a band.

It's called Nancy and Beth.

Nancy and Beth is the name of this band.

Now, as far as I know, neither of you are named Nancy nor Beth.

You don't know.

That is true.

I may not know.

I'm not the best at paying attention to things.

I have to say.

So as far as I know, both of you could be called Nancy and Beth.

And I wouldn't know.

That's right.

Or neither of us could be.

Nancy and Beth could be our wealthy lesbian financiers who live in Costa Rica.

We don't know.

We're not at liberty to divulge this information.

So a little bit of a secret.

I think people really like that.

You know, I mean, it's like a good mystery novel.

You know, there's nothing I like better than on a Saturday afternoon curling up in front of the fire.

I keep it nice and toasty during the summer in my place.

I'm just, you know, yeah.

Yeah, these days in this economy with what with heating bills.

But just curling up with a nice mystery novel.

And if there's an opening sentence that gets you, you know, like, this guy died and we don't know who did it.

You know, that just captures my imagination right away.

You know what I mean?

That's exactly what you guys have done with the Nancy and Beth mystery.

If people say which one's Nancy, which one's Beth, we say, isn't it obvious?

Mm-hmm.

Well, I'm not going to say that.

I already did.

That's what we would say if you had said that.

Yeah.

Cool.

We've already asked all of your questions and answered them .

Are you disappointed?

I didn't say it.

Now, I saw you guys a couple of months ago.

I saw you in June at the Largo and boy, that was a great show.

Oh, thanks.

That wasn't your debut, was it?

It was.

It was our first show.

It was our big, big shoe.

You can take that to the grave.

And you just had a show last month, your second show, and Conan O'Brien played with you guys, right?

Yes.

The first show, Nick Offerman, not Awkerman, was our special guest star.

Then we got Conan O'Brien to be our special guest star.

That's amazing.

Nick, on the show that I saw, he, first of all, he was a ghost, I believe.

Was that him or were you not allowed to say?

Well, we're not really eliminated to disclose that either.

He was a ghost.

There is a ghost in the show.

We can say that much.

Right.

But then he did come out and you guys started singing Son of a Preacher Man, which has a very distinctive guitar lick, which is sampled in another song, which.

Entitled.

It's from the Bong.

Right.

Which Nick then came out and did the entire.

That did happen.

Thing from memory as far as I could tell.

Oh, yeah.

No, he knew it.

That's why we wanted to play it.

Yeah.

That's kind of his signature piece.

And then what did Conan do when he played with you?

Because I was out of town and was unable to catch that show .

Blue Moon of Kentucky, kind of a rockabilly Elvis version.

Conan's a great musician.

He's a really good guitar player and really good singer and sort of passionate about that kind of music in particular.

How would you describe the style of me because we've talked a lot about you guys playing and we'll hear some songs from you during the show.

But how would you describe your sound?

It's very eclectic that our song, our set list is very eclectic.

We do songs from the 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s, 70s.

We should preface that.

You're not singing songs from the future.

1740s.

Yeah.

2050s.

Right.

It's just a lot of different areas.

It's all over the map.

So Megan and we'll be hearing some songs from you guys looking forward to those.

I heard you guys drank sound check.

They're beautiful.

Megan, I do want to talk to you about Children's Hospital, Children's Hospital just debuted last week.

And yeah, how's it going?

Well, I feel like that show always just keeps getting more and more innovative every season that we've done.

We started out as a web series and they aired that series as the first season on Adult Swim.

And then from then on, I just feel like it just grows by leaps and bounds every season.

It's amazing, the imagination and the ingenuity that goes into that show.

It's always fun.

It's really fun to shoot.

And it's Emmy nominated, which I know you're used to the Em mys.

Yeah.

How many do you have personally?

14.

14 Emmys, which is amazing.

And not for the things that people would think about.

I mean, yeah, you have the acting ones.

Like for guests judging on so you think you can dance.

Yeah.

Just crazy shit.

Yeah.

It's nuts.

Yeah, Children's Hospital is nominated for an Emmy and so is Bob's Burgers, which I do recurring voices on.

Oh, right.

I thought that was kind of amazing.

It's almost like you're a magic charm to have in a project if you want Emmys.

Did you work?

Other than party deck.

Oh, and Bergson rack.

Yeah.

Did not work.

Oh, well, you know.

You're a magic charm, but Nick is a curse.

No, no, Nick is a magic charm.

I think that's a travesty that Nick didn't get nominated and that the show didn't get nominated.

A friend of the show, Nick Offerman.

Right.

Yeah, too bad.

But hey, Children's Hospital, you got a basket in the sunshine while it's there.

Yeah.

The sun is out of the street.

It's a really, really fun show to do.

And what's coming up this season?

We had the premiere last week, but what is coming up?

Can you spoil anything?

I know there's an episode called Chiefs Origins where they trace Chiefs entire life from birth onward.

And it's an interesting life.

She's led.

Some would say disturbing.

I saw one at Comic Con.

Was that the premiere?

Or, you know, which one I'm talking about, the one where the amnesia.

Oh, yeah.

One.

Oh, right.

Yeah.

Everyone in the hospital comes down with them.

Collective amnesia, which was very funny.

You and Rob Hubel have some good scenes together.

I just remembered something though.

In the Chiefs Origins, I play my own father.

And so they got this.

They got all this fake.

They got this great makeup person to come in and put a beard on me and this wig and all this crazy, like, stippling makeup.

And then we got this somebody who got this hair and they glued it to some pantyhose.

So I was in like my underwear and an argyle sweater with these hairy legs and I had like a package and everything.

And I had took pictures of it and it really, really freaked Nick out.

Really bad.

Is that a good way?

I look like a guy.

I don't look like a girl dressed as a guy.

I look like a dude.

Right.

It's tough to go the other way around.

I were sorry.

It's tough to go the other way around.

It would be tough for Nick to realistically seem like a girl.

I think that would be challenging, yeah.

Yeah.

But you can do it the other way.

That's fantastic.

It's good to know.

It's in your arsenal.

In case things get weird in 20 years.

Yeah.

It's a full time man.

Party down movie.

I have to ask about it.

When's it happening?

Can you give me a start date or?

Yes.

We're shooting it right now.

This is part of it.

Okay.

I mean it's actually a scene.

I love it.

Yeah.

That's tough.

This is going to be the most boring movie of all time.

If I'm in it.

It's yes.

Well, we're shooting for our next hiatus, which means next like spring, summer.

It's still not 100% official though and I got in trouble the last time I talked about it but I'm going to talk about it again.

I don't care.

Yeah, why not?

So we're trying to get it going.

It's a question of getting the script finished and approved and all of that but the cast is- But the money is there.

The backing is there.

Yeah, I think so.

It's a pending script approval but the cast is just, I think there's going to be like some kind of mayhem if it doesn't for some reason happen because the cast is very gung-ho about it and I know the fans are too.

So fingers qu- fingers quas.

Fingers quas.

Alright, well are you guys ready to play your first of three songs here with us today?

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Can you tell us what this one is or do you like to speak for itself?

This is a song called Jack You're Dead and we think that it 's a jaunty.

Is this a cover?

Is this an original?

Is this aimed at us?

It's a cover.

It's a certain Jack.

It is not aimed at any Jack in particular.

It's about- Jack Nicholson is still with us.

Kind of an every man Jack.

It's the Jack that, you know, Louie used to sing about.

Okay, so sort of a Frank Sinatra, hey Jack.

Yeah, hey Jack.

That's right.

Jack, you did.

Alright, great.

Let's hear it.

This is Nancy and Beth.

We're gonna get no more insurance than a great big number one.

If you don't respond to romance, Jack you're dead.

When a chick is smiling at you, even though there's nothing said, if you stand there like a statue, Jack you're dead.

You've been always kicking, but you stop your toes.

When you upset kicks the bucket, it's just like home and most.

When you get no kicks from loving and you blow your talk instead.

It's a fact that you ain't living.

Jack you're dead.

It's a mistake.

Jack you're dead.

dead.
