---
layout: page
title: 172. Todd Glass, Brian Huskey [13652⧸21056].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

One of my favorite comedians in the world, Todd Glasses here with us.

He's returning one of the best guests you can ever get on a show.

Plus, Children's Book author, Glenn Maxes here to talk about his multi-part saga.

All of that and more on today's ♪♪♪ Oh, hi! Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thanks so much for that catchphrase submission.

Oh, hi! Submitted to us by The Lemon Drop Kid.

Thank you so much. That's a pretty good one. Oh, hi.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

The Lemon Drop Kid, one of my favorite Bob Hope movies.

I believe the movie that introduced the world to the song Silver Bells.

And we'll be right back with the countdown.

I am your host, of course.

The world famous, the Wolfimus.

That's a related infamous, but earwolf.

The Wolfimus Scottabot.

I am back. This is the first show I've done since returning from the tour.

And I had a great time out there meeting all of you in all the major markets.

I'm going to try to go out to some of the other cities and see you before the end of the year.

Hopefully, I don't know.

But, yeah, at a great time, it was really a lot of fun.

Todd, jump in whenever you want.

You had that intake of breath like, Oh, I got to get in on. I got to comment on this.

I got jealous. You know what happened? I got jealous of your jingle.

Someone was talking into a microphone.

Nope.

I got jealous of your jingle.

Oh, okay. So you brought your own?

Mine's more of a parody.

Okay.

I can't get enough of Todd.

Sometimes he calls me and goes, Todd, it doesn't really fit . I go jam it in.

Jam it in. And you know what? He always flies away. I don't care if it makes sense.

Jam it in. And we'll talk about the Bach-Marin situation.

I never want to talk about that, actually.

Either do it. No, either do I.

I know.

It was a horrible mistake. Jesus Christ.

It's killed your career.

Is that safe to say? What if I brained it on that?

Boy, yeah. You never got that TV deal that you always thought you were going to get.

It's good to be. I did not sign the desk the last time I was here.

I don't know. Did you ever sign the desk?

I don't know. But I like it. That's a great idea.

I was just telling people, thank you for coming out to see me on the tour.

We met all the fans afterwards.

You know what? We didn't meet up?

Oh, yeah. Because we were in, what city were Portland at the same time?

Portland. And it's only two of the guys that work on my show.

They go, we're going to come in a night early.

And I was like, oh, you know, they'll see the show.

They go, we're going to go see Scott Show, which obviously I'm fine with, but I did tease them.

And I got them comps.

Yeah, you did. I'm not a miser.

No, you two, they had great seats and they had a really great time.

That was a fun show.

And then we were going to meet up afterwards and somebody after my show gave me a pot cookie.

Now, I know enough to know, you know, you wait because it can be a great, I think pot food can be a really fun experience if you have a little bit of time, you know, if you want to get high and you have 20 hours to kill.

But I know, I know to wait, yeah, I have a quick, if someone gives you a cookie, you have a quarter.

You can always take more and you can get it right.

You can't take less.

As far as I'm concerned.

We'll take a break.

Always funny to me.

So, but for some reason because the guy goes, you know, I never made them before.

I figured they're not going to be strong and I had three.

Oh, no.

No, three.

Mm-hmm.

I don't know what I was thinking.

I don't, there's no excuse.

There's absolutely no excuse.

I never made them before.

So, you take three.

Well, I had one, but again, it's not like I wouldn't do anything.

You know it takes a while.

Right.

For some reason I waited 20 minutes.

I had two and a half.

Okay.

But so.

Back it off that story already.

No, no, I just, well, three sounds better, but two and a half was enough.

And then we went out at night, everything was fine.

There was a point when I felt it was great and I remember thinking, oh, I got a call Scott and Paul and James.

And I texted, I was texting you constantly.

We said we were going to meet up.

I want to see my friend Todd.

I want to see Portland Todd.

I've never seen Todd in Portland.

Well, it's fun sometimes to see each other in another town.

There's a freedom and you know, you don't have to get back to anything.

You're going back to the hotel.

That's why I used to like going to that Aspen Comedy Festival.

Not because the Comedy Festival was any good, but I just like to see my friends in winter clothes.

I mean, that's funny, but yet I guess what you mean.

That's true.

Well, you see people in a different light.

Yeah, like all of a sudden they're slipping around on ice and you're like, oh, so that's what that would look like.

Because you know what, if you slip on the ice, it doesn't matter whether you're more successful or less or where you 're at in your career.

All you are is, oh my God, there's that person slipping on the ice.

The more famous you are, you still slip just as much.

Sure.

Yeah, you still hit your little bottom.

Yes.

So I remember one point just saying, you know, I got to call those guys and then out of nowhere, I was there and they're like, Todd, I had my head down.

For me, it's like I'm a seaside.

Head down.

Oh, meaning in your like between your knees.

Yeah, and let's breathe in and just get into a good place and I did, you know, but I just know what it's like.

This happened a long time ago.

You just got it.

It's got to ride through it.

It takes usually me about an hour and then all of a sudden you just feel it.

You open your eyes, you go, I'm okay, it passed.

Well, I usually go to sleep before that happens.

Like I'm just like, I got to shut down.

I've taken too much sleep, sleep, sleep, alert, alarm.

Not me.

It's more like this.

No exaggeration.

For an hour.

Wow.

Just keeping it calm, keeping calm.

This last time that happened was probably like 10 years ago .

So it's not like I, you know, I just know, take it easy.

I'm a lightweight.

Right after 9-11.

Right.

9-11.

Those were the good old days.

By the way, I don't want to digress.

No, please digress.

That's what this show's all about.

After 9-11, I've said this before, but I have a new slant on it.

They always say like they took, the airlines took advantage of it because 9-11 was such a sensitive thing that they would, like, whatever you couldn't get, they would go, well after 9-11, there's no more food on the airlines.

There's no more, notice no more dinners after 9-11.

Right.

I was like, what's 9-11 have to do with my sandwich?

Yeah, like what time of day you serve food.

It doesn't matter.

But it's, but it's, but it's so sensitive that if they go after 9-11, you don't want to go, you just go, oh, oh, yeah .

That's how I felt.

And this is a weird story and I'll truncate it.

But once I was walking, when we were taping Mr. Show, we were on location, I was walking through a neighborhood and I saw an old woman get attacked.

And so I stayed for the police to come and gave a statement and all that.

And her neighbor was giving her advice and said, hey, you know, you really should leave like a light on outside at night, you know, because your place is so dark.

And then she said, and also try to trim those hedges.

And I was like, now you're just taking advantage of an old woman who just got attacked to criticize the appearance of her curb appeal.

What a horrible time.

That's just, you know, that's a horrible person.

Leave a light on outside and can you bring your trash cans in?

So we know what I'm going to start doing with 9-11, probably not really, but start using it to my advantage.

Like, bored with first class, even if I'm not flying first class.

And they go, sir, I go, yeah, after 9-11, I started boarding with first class so it'll be uncomfortable.

Anyway, my friend, my friend, it's not really a bit.

That's more of an anecdote.

That way people judge it less because people at home going, bit, that's horrible.

It's an anecdote where I say that what I'm going to do in hypothetical situations.

It's an anecdote.

But so anyway, what happened with the reason we never met up in Portland was eventually my friends were like, Todd, you at least got to lift your head and talk to us so we know you're all right.

And they go, we're going to give you five minutes.

And I remember just thinking, this is not going to happen in five minutes.

Finally, they came back to like, Todd, what can we call an ambulance?

I'm like, yeah, I guess.

You got to.

Wow.

So they came and they checked me out.

I was fine.

They did, really?

Yeah, they came.

Because I felt like I'm going to learn the truth about what you have to.

Yeah, I have to because you want the right...

You can't just say, hey, I'm feeling nervous.

Yeah, I'm feeling anxious.

I'm just nervous.

Well, you want the right maybe because if you said, let's say you were just, you drank too much and then there was some sort of medicine or whatever and some type of something that were going to do to you that they would have needed to know that you were had marijuana in your system.

You know, they don't really care, I guess.

Yeah, well, especially in Portland.

Yeah, they don't really.

They made jokes about it a lot.

Yeah, they were very cool about that.

How much did you have to pay for the ambulance to come?

Guess what?

That's the best part.

And by the way, what sucks about this because of my history of having a heart attack, that's why everyone was sort of nervous too.

Because it was the same exact symptoms.

Symptoms, yes.

And so, now, I knew that if I go to the hospital, they're keeping me overnight because of my history.

They're not taking any chances.

But if I would have known that the ambulance is allowed to come, check your blood pressure and they hook the stickers up to me.

Right, BKG.

BKG.

And but that doesn't mean that they take...

Electrocardiogram.

There you go.

That's a funny bit of you just keep going with different terms.

You never let me.

I got to get one more word out.

You go, better, better, better.

Oh, well.

I think people get the gist of the bit.

Sure, I mean, it's not going to happen naturally, but I mean...

You'd have to put some work into that.

Yeah, let's get a fan to write it up for us.

Yes, do that.

And fax it over to me.

Still fax.

Not right.

Fylo fax.

So, if I would have known that they didn't have to haul you off to the hospital and they didn't, they just pulled me out.

You'd be calling them all the time, in other words.

I wouldn't have waited so long.

Right.

I wouldn't have waited so long.

Some find out while I was fine that night.

Literally an hour later, I was in the hotel room sort of reminiscing about the night going, oh, I didn't get to see any...

You know what, you feel like a little kid.

Like, I know we see each other in LA all the time, but it was about two in the morning when I go...

I go, oh, I didn't get to see Skye.

Yeah.

And then James and Paul and Tom...

And I had been planning where we were going to meet.

Were you really?

Not really.

Anyway, but it was fun.

And you had, and I know you had fun.

I had fun, and actually in Portland, I get, for about a minute, I convinced Kurt Brownell, or who was on tour with us opening, that there were so many bridges in Portland because they made them for other cities and the other cities defaulted on the payments.

Oh, shoot!

It's like, you know what, I go to laugh at him for that, but you know what, I'm not going to.

You know why?

I know I'm a pretty, I like to think I'm not an airhead.

But in certain areas, and I realized I can be gullible like that too, and then people go, Todd, how could you believe that?

I don't know!

I don't know, so I'm so mad.

Plus, I mean, who really cares if that's true or not?

So it's like, I'm sure he was just half listening and just going, oh, really?

But that is why they call it Bridgestown because there's a lot of bridges.

Yes, exactly.

Or the Bridgestown Comedy Festival.

Well, a lot of...

Yeah, they adapted it from the Comedy Festival.

And, you know, it's just a coincidence that everyone plays bridge there.

That's the number one card game in Portland.

Bridge, Jesus.

It's been a long time since I heard that term.

Do women still play bridge?

I don't know, that's an interesting question.

I know some people play mahjong.

Is that a Jewish thing or no?

I think it's half a Jewish thing, half an Asian thing.

Really?

Like it's an Asian thing that Jewish, elderly Jewish ladies adopted.

What is it?

It's a tile game.

That's really all I know.

You sack tiles on top of each other.

It sounds...

I shouldn't say it's boring, I guess, if they...

How would you know, Yuli?

You don't even know what it is.

Because who plays it?

Maajan.

How much fun...

We had so much fucking fun last night.

We played mahjong.

We were supposed to play it on midnight, but we were there until five in the morning, huh?

Shelly?

That's somebody else's friend.

They play mahjong.

Shelly...

I was starting to think of names of women that play mahjong .

Shelly, Cheryl...

Jewish women in other words.

Shelly, the Jew.

Shelly.

I...

And we'll be right back with Todd.

That's my ten minutes?

Well, let's redo it.

I know I...

I gotta really get people, you know?

Yeah, I know.

By the way, I never really truly introduced you.

So people...

I know people know who you are.

This is Todd Glass.

We'll run through the bio.

You...

A lot of bit parts and then a podcast.

That's my A&E.

Like, let's say, you know, that's my A&E.

Inside the actors studio.

Or when they do it in the late 80s.

Todd...

Er...

Landed a lot of bit parts and then got a podcast and then they go to commercial.

You're like, what do you have to say about that?

By the way, I should point this out real quick and then I know you gotta go to break.

My podcast now, they changed my time slot, so I'm on after Mark Marin now.

Oh, you are!

Oh, that's a great lead in.

Let me tell you something.

I could not be happier.

Yeah, you're gonna get a lot of his audience.

Yeah.

You really are.

And then we have to say, like, you know, coming up on Mark Marin tomorrow.

Yeah, of course.

What's your retention?

What does that mean?

That means how much of his audience you retain.

Oh, we retain about 75% of his audience.

75?

That's a great...

I mean, yeah, it sounds like a really copacetic relationship.

Yeah.

That's fantastic.

Okay.

So talk about your podcast a little bit.

No.

Okay.

What do you wanna know?

Cause you don't really wanna know.

People, you know, what am I gonna do to make people go, you know, oh, that sounds like a great podcast.

It's a great question that everyone who listens to this show listens to your show.

You know what I mean?

Because you're one of America's greatest comedians.

You're a delight on this program.

They would love to hear from you weekly.

There might be people that go, we like Todd on comedy, bang , bang, or we like seeing his stand up, but his podcast is not our cup of tea, I would imagine.

Sure.

Even though that kills me.

As Andy Killar said, it makes me hate tea.

Andy Killar.

It does bother me sometimes.

I go, who wouldn't like it?

Sometimes it might show if someone doesn't like it.

I swear, I know it sounds, my podcast I get.

I wish everyone liked it, but I get it.

It's very personal to you.

You do what you wanna do.

There's no reason to do a podcast unless you're doing what you wanna do and you do what you wanna do.

Yeah.

It's very silly.

I stop bits in the middle and I digress and I explain them and we do them again.

So I get it if someone goes, that's not my thing.

I do get it.

But my stand up, when I see someone not enjoying themselves , I really do.

And I know it's wrong.

I get it.

Hey, you know, people like certain things.

I don't like, I get it.

But I do think like, how could you not like this?

It's not, it's not, it's silly.

It's fun.

It's just fun.

You try to entertain them nice folks.

Yeah, I'm not stupid.

Now, unless you, you know, I do have some anti-spanking jokes.

So, you know, maybe, maybe you're pro-spanking.

No, I'm anti.

No, but maybe the audience member is pro-spanking.

I think that's what happens.

Well, you know, for years I've heard, you know, I've talked about this a lot and I realize my parents weren't big spankers at all.

But I thought, why do I hate it so much?

And I swear to God, I didn't know the idea.

Like, what is it that I can't stand hearing about how kids need to be spanking?

And this is for, this is before it became trendy, right?

This is before like everyone was like, hey, let's not spank our kids anymore back in the 90s or so.

Yeah, this, whenever it happened, but, but, but, but I think what it is that made me so tired to go the other route and talk about what, you know, how it's stupid to spank is I'm, I got tired of seeing comedians on stage and the audience is masses.

I'm not talking about the 20% or 10 that are like secretly, you know, like me.

But the masses, we need to go back to hitting our kids and audiences applaud.

They just fucking love it.

Like, yeah, that's the problem.

And I love to talk about it in a positive way, like picture the couple going, yes, this comedian gets it.

If people would go back to that.

Oh, it was such a better time.

I don't understand how people can like applaud.

Yay, I was spanked.

So I think that should, should happen to Mike.

Why have a joke about that in my act where I say you always have to preface that.

Sure, so you're not going to the material.

Yeah, but where people go, maybe leading you into a bit, but, okay.

I'll take it.

No, when people go, people go, you know, I was spanked and I was hit.

You know, we, I know there's a difference between spanking and child abuse, even though I disagree with both.

I get that there is a distinction.

There is a distinction.

There's a major difference between believing in spanking and obviously that's not child abuse, even though I disagree with both.

But I love when I hear a comedian go, I were an adult or anybody in the regular world go, my dad hit me with a paddle and I turned out all right.

Okay, here's the problem.

You don't get to decide that.

Of course you think you turned out all right.

We talk to your children.

We talk to your wife.

Then we decide.

They all have a problem with you.

Yeah, yeah.

You don't get the, I love that this guy's equation.

He gets to decide if he's all right.

Anyway, anyway, we'll be right back.

I feel better now.

I'm sweating.

Okay, good.

That's, that is your measure of how successful your appearance is going.

How much you're sweating.

I'm working as you're working hard.

You're one of the, you know, and I was thinking about this on the drive over, you know, I was trying to think of a new nickname for myself as a performer.

And I was like, you know what, James Brown is dead.

Can't I get the hardest working man in show business?

You could, yeah, I guess.

You know what I mean?

But doesn't he hold on to it?

I don't know.

That's the, I throw in the Godfather of soul while you're at it.

I wanted to change my name to, I think maybe for younger people they wouldn't know it was sunglasses called Foster Grant.

Oh.

Is that a great fucking name?

Wait, younger than 80?

No, I'm saying the younger audiences wouldn't know it was ever like people that are older would know that Foster Grant, that's some people older than 80.

Oh wait.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

So I'm fine.

Yeah, you're good.

Yeah, you're right there in your demo.

Foster Grant, call me Foster Grant.

Okay.

We're Johnny Colorado.

I think Foster Grant sounds like Johnny Colorado.

I really like that.

Yeah.

Johnny, coming up on the show, Johnny Colorado, Todd Glass is here.

Yeah.

Not bad.

I like that.

I go, came up with that name as a joke and then I go, how'd you come up with that?

Because I thought, Johnny Colorado goes, well, John Denver.

And I'm like, I didn't fucking think of that.

He just goes, I figured Johnny Colorado.

I would do that on Mr. Show Sometimes where, and I know I 've named dropped to that.

I worked on the show twice now in the show and I apologize.

You know, it's part of your life and you don't have to apologize.

But I would, I, people would say, how did you come up with those character names?

And I would just go, the thing I'm parroting, I switched a couple of words.

I switched a couple of letters.

Like, Willop's Brighton, I remember, was like, oh, it's just Brian Wilson kind of switched around a little bit.

Yeah, I wouldn't even realize that.

Yeah, well, you have the average person, you're like, yeah.

But that's the same thing.

Like Johnny Colorado is like, wow, that is an amazing, how did you come up with that?

Right, he goes, well, you know, it's not that amazing.

Well, he sounds like you're not amazing and either is my friend.

All right, we do have to take a break though.

Todd Glass, you're one of my favorites.

I love having you on the show.

We're going to have you the whole hour.

Is that right?

Yes.

All right, you're not under oath?

No, I feel good.

Todd, by the way, he just covered the microphone and his lawyer whispered in his ear and said, go ahead and say yes.

Go ahead and say how good you feel.

I feel great.

Okay, good.

I'll tell you the truth when we come back.

All right, great.

We'll be right back a little more Comedy Bang Bang, a little more, a lot more.

Jesus Christ, on the other side of this.

All right.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Todd Glass, my favorite comedian in the world.

Is that safe to say, Todd?

That's very nice of you.

You put that microphone right by you.

It's not like you not to want the microphone right next to your mouth.

Yes.

Hi.

Why did you take offense with that?

Funny, everything's fun.

Everything's fun.

Speaking of fun, we have a great second fun guest, great transition.

Let me read this bio here.

Children's book author.

That's all I have.

That's all you need to know.

Okay, children's book author, Glenn Max.

Glenn Max.

He's here.

Todd, welcome Glenn here.

Hey, Glenn.

Hello, Todd.

We spoke a little off the air.

Nice to meet you.

Nice to, well, I met you already.

Okay.

Nice to, on air, meet you.

Yes.

There should be a phrase for that.

Yes.

You know what I mean?

For all of us who do talk shows regularly, you know, there should be a phrase of nice to meet you on air, even though we, you know, like, nice, nice to meet you.

That doesn't make any sense.

Like there has to be a phrase for that.

Well, for us showbiz types who are constantly in this situation.

Do I just jump in at any time?

Oh, yeah, sure.

I'm sorry, Glenn.

Hello, Glenn.

That's nice to meet you.

Thanks for coming on the air.

Thank you so much for having me.

What's your publicist set this up, I would imagine?

Well, I initially sent to you an email and I didn't get a response for a good while.

I changed the font of the email and then I finally did get a response.

Oh, okay.

The font is what did it?

Oh, I think so.

I think initially you were a little confused.

He thought maybe it was an advertisement.

Because he was in wingedings.

Yeah, wingedings.

Couldn't decode it.

And I had my own wingedings.

I designed fonts on the side, so I had to have my own.

Wait, is that part of what we're here to talk to you about?

Is the fonts that you designed?

Oh, you design?

Crime and email.

How many, when did you start writing children's books?

Well, thank you, Todd, for a...

Todd, come on.

You know, I mean, you know...

What?

That's sort of...

A good job.

Yeah, that's my baby.

Oh, my God, you're right.

You know what I mean?

I mean, I'm not sure if you're right.

I'm not sure if you're right.

I do want to thank you for not mentioning my diminutive site or height on air here.

Oh, I didn't realize you had diminutive site as well.

Oh, yes.

I have a shortened vision, which is the result of my short height.

I knew he did, only because, and I'm not making fun of him because I saw you obviously walking in here and you have, if it's not, is it?

Depth perception is, you know, it's called the stick.

It's called a reacher cane.

Yeah, and I noticed you use that coming up here.

And I've always seen people with those. I never know anyone to ask questions about it.

So, and your site is what?

People that have those canes can see a little, right?

My site is in ratio to my height.

Okay.

So, I am...

Okay, you're a very short person.

I know that. I'm 5'1".

Yeah.

And so, I can see 5' and 1 inch ahead of me.

Okay, interesting.

Now, I've now, I didn't know that that was true. Like, I'm a 6'2", gentlemen.

I can see 6'2".

I can see that you're a 6'2", gentlemen. You're a gigantic person.

I'm not, I mean, I think that I'm a normal-sized person.

You will.

To us.

Oh, I see.

Oh, he's really upset. I feel like you're drunk now.

Okay, maybe I should get to it. I'm, I am handy, statured.

Okay.

So, I'm limited.

Handy cap.

Oh, I get it.

Handy capable.

Yeah.

I think that's one of my books. It's a children's book series called Max.

And it focuses on a young man.

And your last name is Max.

With two X's.

Glenn Max.

Yes.

Wait, are you- Yes, it is.

You're just putting that together right now.

I had not realized that.

Oh, okay.

It's sort of like that Johnny Michigan story he was telling .

Yeah.

Colorado.

What was it?

Johnny Colorado.

That doesn't make any sense.

Well, from John Denver.

Oh, I- Denver, Colorado.

I was thinking of Johnny Illinois, and then he changed it to Johnny Michigan.

Do you have memories of your parents reading books to you?

Uh, thank you.

Todd, for getting back to me. I appreciate that.

I do.

He was talking to me, by the way.

I noticed that.

I know it.

I just thought I didn't accept the question for myself because I really need to put these books.

Sure.

You know what?

That's my point.

Let's just say all questions are on the table.

Okay.

Any of us can grab them at any time.

Oh, okay.

When you worked on Mr. Show.

Yes.

Well, I was obviously talking about it.

Again, I know.

But that was the question I thought I would.

It was on the table.

So, okay, that's off the table now.

Okay, it's off the table now.

All right.

So, in the book series, Max tries to make it- He tries to make it through the day-to-day experiences of what it's like to be a lesser-hited person.

Oh, so Max is short in your books.

Yes.

How short of a- is a young boy, you said?

Well, the series goes from age- I told myself I'm not crying.

Why did you tell yourself that?

Because I cry when I talk about- You should not tell you- by the way, if you're out there listening, don't tell yourself not to cry.

Why don't you cry?

The society would be better for it if we- Okay, wait, hold on.

Maybe- Okay, maybe that was- Maybe you were right.

Oh gosh.

Was that cry ended down?

No, I'm sorry, I was crying.

I didn't hear your comment.

No, I was just saying with your children's books dealing with height.

Yeah.

So what- Yeah, you were saying that the kid's age ranges from- Well, it's a whole book series that starts at age eight.

Okay.

When- Max is eight when the books begin.

Series.

Sort of like Harry Potter starts when he's 12.

I don't know that- I don't know that.

You don't know that reference?

You're in the children's book game.

You don't know the- Well, successful children's book of all time.

It's not a game, it's a lifestyle.

Okay, so that's the first thing.

Oh, I apologize.

Be very clear about that.

I'm totally crystal right now.

And I didn't choose this game, which is a lifestyle.

It shows you.

It shows me.

You don't say what happened.

How did it choose you to say?

Is this guy for real?

Oh, what do you mean to me?

I'm sorry.

Oh, are you a ghost or an imaginary person?

I mean, what would you- I'm sorry.

I feel like an idiot.

I thought for a second is it just- You thought it was like a character or something?

I swear to God I did.

Oh, okay.

Okay, let me just say it.

So you assume because someone is not as tall as you.

No, no, no, no.

Don't read into it.

I was asking you- I'm making this a- Tod are you trying to say that anyone who is that short should be in show business?

I- I've- Are you?

There's no diggummo out of this.

Are you deadly moring me?

Yeah.

Are you putting me in the- Do you have memories of your parents reading to you?

What?

Why are you obsessed with this question, Tod?

Do you have a bit you're trying to launch it?

No.

This is like the fourth fucking time you've asked that.

Because I have no memories- Oh, there is a reason, but it's not a bit.

Oh, I see.

Oh, it's because it's about you.

I know.

I'm just thinking.

You're trying to launch your own personal memory by asking a question that no one gives a shit about.

Well, I think that is because people out there are thinking because I don't and I have really good parents.

But I don't have any memories of my parents reading to me and I think everybody should.

So I was just curious, you say you do.

Oh, no.

You read to your parents?

Well, I read at a very early age and so my parents would enjoy me reading to them.

Oh, right.

But you weren't reading to them in the role reversal.

Like, mom, I think your parents would come in the room.

Read a jig-goo-ry.

Well, nah, sorta.

I mean, I would- They read a jig-goo-ry.

They read a jig-goo-ry.

Well, nah, sorta.

I mean, they would- They read a jig-goo-ry.

They read a jig-goo-ry.

They read so well at a young age.

So I would get, you know, the Wizard of Oz or something like that speaking of short actors.

Who?

The Wizard of Oz?

He was short?

The Wizard?

No.

The Munchkins?

Have you ever heard that term?

The Munchkins?

Munchkins.

No.

Short dwarves, basically.

Is that a donut product?

A donut product.

It sounds like it would be a delicious little miniature don ut product that you would do.

I guess that's true.

Speaking of donuts, and this won't be the first time I've talked about this.

Yes.

I got a crispy cream donut and took some ice cream and put it in a little plastic baggie.

You know, like they kind of sealed, poked a hole in the bottom and squirted some- I'm not getting ice cream into a cream filled donut and froze it.

Shut the fuck up.

Really?

First, I wanted to get them without the cream in them because I thought then I could just squirt ice cream into them and then freeze them, but they wouldn't.

And then I thought, well, the cream is sorta like whipped cream.

Yeah.

So just if you squirt vanilla ice cream in there, it's like vanilla ice cream filled in a donut because there's room in there.

There's- You would think- There's more room in a donut than people.

Anyway, that reminds me of the first book in the series.

Oh, yeah.

Let's get back to that.

By the way, do you have any memories of your parents reading to you when you were young?

I remember my parents reading simultaneously to me.

Different books?

Or same book stereo style.

Different books, stereo style.

Okay.

So I was early on given the gift of lots of stories.

Like multiple stories.

But you know what I realized early on, there was no short diminutive characters.

No protagonists.

No character.

No characters that spoke to my issues that I dealt with on a daily basis.

Well, I mean, part of the problem is you've never read The Wizard of Oz with all those munchkins.

I mean- I don't know what this- Can I ask you- Harry Potter and Wizard of Oz.

You've never heard of either of those.

Come on, honestly.

I really can't- I'm not even a reader enough.

That's just- This is what's making me feel like this is a prank on us or a character.

Okay.

Let me just let you know something.

I became an author because I took something at the Learning Annex.

Okay.

You took something- I took Stole something?

No, no.

I took a class.

And my mentor was a gentleman by the name of Dwayne Miller.

Okay.

And Dwayne Miller said, it doesn't- you don't need to be influenced by anyone else.

The story is in you.

The story is within you.

The story was in which it just has to be let out.

Yeah.

I was initially- I was gonna go and I was gonna learn- I was gonna learn Linux.

The programming.

Oh yeah.

But I ended up in the wrong class.

But I'm gonna tell you guys that that was the class I had to be in.

What if you- I'm alternate universe.

You ended up in that Linux class.

Like what would your life be like now?

I probably would have been doing code for short people.

Code for- really there's code targeted specifically for short people.

I think so.

It only like it when it prints out on the screen, it's only like it's at the bottom of the screen.

There should be shorter computers.

You know what I mean?

Well, like from what I can tell, computers are just kind of like waist height for normal size people.

Oh fairness.

I think we might be overthinking this a little because there's certain things that we don't need for shorter people.

I get certain things.

But like you don't need to have- what about ice cream?

Should they have like you know what they need?

Shorter ice cream.

They need to have ice cream pops for short people.

Here's a look time.

Here's part of the problem.

Do you see those cones with three scoops of ice cream stacked on top?

How is a short person supposed to get that top?

You can't get it that way.

Are you shooting me?

I'm not shooting you.

How are they supposed to reach that?

Well beyond that, the issue of getting the ice cream from the server.

Yeah, those they put- those cases are so high.

They put those cases so high.

I don't even know what I'm ordering.

Okay, here's what I don't understand and I'm being totally serious.

Yeah.

I get any book that helps a kid go through something new.

He's not the only one because that's what we're basically talking about.

That's the making sure.

At an older age, I realize it, but you're saying these books started- our kids short, most kids are not short at eight years old.

They're all the same.

I mean- Some kids know they're short- we're not.

Some kids are knowing that they're short.

At eight years old, so they're eight- you're old.

I thought it started more in high school.

At eight.

It's burnt up a little.

At eight, one of the most hurtful phrases you can have put upon you is- Short stack.

Short stack.

What are you, six?

Oh yeah.

That you don't want to kid you.

What are you, seven?

Yeah.

You know something- Seven and a half.

I hate your book.

Well, the first book- it's a series of- the first book is called Two Tall for Max.

Okay.

Two Tall for Max.

I like that.

Can I read an excerpt?

You know what?

I tell you what?

Why don't we- I really would- okay, let's just launch into it.

No, no, no.

Why don't we- An excerpt.

Glenn, Glenn, why don't we take a break when we come back?

We'll hear an excerpt.

How's that sound?

Well- Because I really want people to sort of- But here's what I noticed with Mr. Glass.

Yeah.

I was going to go to a break and then you had like another nine minutes with him.

It seemed like- Ah, I was- It really felt like- Don't act like you know it was exactly nine.

So it was it?

I did.

I mean, I was just guessing.

Well, you stared at your watch the whole time.

Which we thought was kind of rude.

But please, I just want to take a break.

Okay.

When we come back, we'll like start fresh- Let them read a little like one line.

No, it's a tease and skin.

It's a commercial.

Okay, it's a commercial.

We'll fade out on this.

Okay.

Max sure wanted that cookie that was- And we'll be right back.

You were right over the last three words.

We'll be right back over the comedy back.

Alright, we're back with Comedy Bank.

We're here with Todd Glass and Glenn Max, who's a children 's book author.

And he's he has now.

What is the first book of your series called?

First book.

I have two questions before you launch into this.

Okay.

What is the first book of your series?

Okay.

Do you want me to answer that now?

I want you to answer.

Then I'll ask the second one.

Okay.

Because I just need to say I have two because otherwise Todd's going to jump in and derail this.

Okay.

I have another one coming and he's going to be on his best behavior.

Okay.

Alright.

And that policy of if a question's on the table, he can answer it as well.

Yeah.

Todd, feel free to answer it.

Yes.

Okay.

The first book is called Two Tall for Max.

Two Tall for Max.

And second follow-up question.

Okay, I'm right here.

And there's going to be a follow-up to this follow-up as well.

So Todd, keep that in mind.

Okay.

Alright.

I have an eight-part question after your two-part question.

Okay.

Good.

How many books are in this series?

Go ahead and answer.

Okay.

Well, it sounded like there was another part to that.

There will be another part after you.

How many books?

So I want to be clear.

These are more.

This is like three.

This is three.

Maybe distinct questions.

Yeah.

I'm just calling them follow-ups.

Okay.

I got an interrupt.

Okay.

How many books are in the series?

Todd, this question's on the table.

You can answer.

Okay.

How many books are in the series?

I'm going to say, just give me a second.

Okay.

I appreciate you looking at me.

How many books are in the series?

How many would that be?

Hold on.

I'm going to say...

This isn't like a guessing.

Oh, well, I'm just trying.

Six.

Oh, very...

Seven.

Four.

Very close.

How many?

Six.

Fifteen.

That's not close.

Fifteen.

I mean, I guess it's close if it were like one to a million .

Yeah.

Right.

Yes.

Yeah.

So, 15 and does the age a year?

That's not my question.

I rescind that.

All right.

What ages, you say it starts at eight.

What ages does it end?

Here's the thing.

I started off at age eight, but I started to follow the progress in height.

Okay.

Oh.

And then over the course of 15 books, he grows 15 mill imeters.

Oh.

I was going to say inches, but...

This child is burdened with a crippling disease that is nullifying any happiness he would...

So you promise yourself again that you're not going to get it.

You don't want to...

At least cry when you cry like that just move through your mouth.

Get off the mic, please.

Then I'll cry.

You don't want...

Can I maybe use a gesture?

Let him get it out of his system.

How long could it go?

Let him just get it out.

All right.

I think it's done.

Oh no.

Just beginning.

Oh gosh.

Okay.

This sniffle usually means that it's the end.

Okay.

Good.

Good for now.

But you didn't answer my question.

He grows a millimeter each book.

How long does that take?

What age is he at the end of the 15 books?

Oh.

Um...

Or do you not go into that?

I use the same artist to draw the pictures.

So he's good at drawing one looking one boy.

Oh okay.

So he stays age eight.

Well, he's older but he doesn't look like he's older because he doesn't grow much.

Well, one millimeter though at a time 15 millimeters.

What is that?

That's one and a third centimeters by the end of your series.

I mean that's not...

That's like...

What's the ratio of a centimeter to an inch?

Yeah, the metrics have to have a full...

So he's...

One to one ratio or less.

So it conceivably could...

These 15 books could span a week in his life.

Well, yeah, but if you grew that much in one week, your bones would probably explode.

I don't...

An inch in one week?

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

Sure.

I mean I grew a lot.

By the way, I wanted to be taller than I was in high school .

I thought I'd grown.

But I grew like till I was, I think, twenty-two even.

You know, I'm just...

I'm just gonna be...

I'm gonna be pretty upfront here and it's like I don't like people bragging.

Yeah, like people rubbing my face in suffering.

That's okay.

It makes you feel worse than someone's.

Someone to judge your story.

It's funny.

That's funny because I know you do.

Oh, let him laugh.

Let him go.

All right.

We have to do the same thing with the crying.

I don't think you're doing that.

We're laughing.

Okay.

All right.

So I feel my three questions are answered.

They were answered by you.

That was me.

Thank you so much.

And Todd?

Does it have to be related to him?

I mean...

No offense.

No.

You can ask any question you like.

This table with all these signatures on it?

Yeah.

I'm not even joking.

Have you thought about raffle, like you're giving all the money to a charity and putting it on eBay?

And then every year you get a new table?

I've never seen this table before.

No, you get a new table every year.

I don't know where they...

I don't think there's new tables out there.

Yes.

They make new tables all the time.

They do?

They can stop making tables?

Like two years ago?

There's an expert out in the hallway on table making.

Do you want me to go get them?

Okay.

Sure.

You really do?

Oh yeah, sure.

If you want.

Yeah.

Oh, Todd's going out into the lobby now.

There's an expert in table making.

The guy with the hat on the table making guy?

No.

Okay.

Part of me maybe feels like this.

Why is...

Why did he walk on the wall?

That's weird.

He's done the wall.

I was in your hallway.

I built tables.

Oh boy.

Ahhh!

Okay.

That was a joke.

Let us preface that.

That was a bit, Todd.

You know what that was?

That was more of the same that I've endured in my entire life.

More mockery?

More insistent.

I'm sorry.

I'm not mocking you at all.

I respect what you do.

I'm not even joking.

Okay.

I do actually do respect it and I thought you knew that.

But you're right.

I didn't...

He's not on safe ground at this point.

And then you don't tease somebody when they're already feeling comfortable.

So I actually...

I'm intrigued by people that write children's books.

I see.

And I think it's very interesting.

And I think that you being sensitive, which you are, would help you write good children's books because children are sensitive and I think you can be at a good place to write books for children.

Children are too sensitive and you're too sensitive.

Children are not too sensitive.

No, the children think so.

Do you really think they're...

Children are as...

I just think you need to bring back spanking.

I mean it's like...

I was spanked and I came out okay.

Well actually you did come out alright.

Thank you.

I am pro spanking.

You wait.

You write children's books for a living and you're pro sp anking?

I don't have children.

I'm not...

That's always weird to me when someone without children writes a children's book.

Why would it be weird?

Why would you...

Why are you so interested in kids?

Well...

Me.

Thank you.

Can you hear this?

The place I am in my life now.

That journey went through the child phase.

Okay.

So you were taking this journey when you were a child?

Yes.

When did you know you wanted to write children's books at what age?

Oh, uh...

42.

After I took the learning annex classes with Duane Miller.

So this was...

Judy Carter.

Two...

No, Duane Miller.

This was two years ago.

I knew that.

This is two...

So you're 44 now.

I'm 44 now.

It did not be said that I'm not good at math.

You're the excellent one.

So Glenn...

Glenn.

Yes.

And I guess you beg me to be on your show.

I am.

And then you're not giving me the opportunity to read.

I wanted to hear you read.

I just had a three-part question before you read.

As far as I'm concerned, that three-part question is over and you could have started at any point.

Well I'm new to this podcasting.

Okay.

So you're stressing the wrong syllable on that.

Go ahead.

Podcasting.

And I didn't know...

That's correct.

You know, I should be stepping on your toes and just railro ading in the tradition of this funny gentleman.

This Todd Glass person.

Yeah.

Who was that in school when they used to say...

Where is the accent and like, let's say elephant?

And they would go, the accent is on...

The first syllable.

Elephant.

Is that true?

Because I thought that you couldn't tell.

My teacher, I once said to her, well you know where it's at so you're saying that syllable louder.

But if I don't know, it could be elephant.

Or maybe elephant.

That I know.

Yeah, that would be a good question.

Yeah.

I'm going to be straight up here.

I really feel like every time it starts to come around to me that the subject matters changes something else.

Like syllables.

Wow.

Or tables.

I'd like to actually hear a little bit of the book.

I would like to hear his book too.

He just won't start.

Okay, start reading.

Seriously.

Well I don't know.

No, no, no, don't.

Don't.

No, no.

We genuinely want to hear you read a little bit of the book .

No, no bullshit.

What is the title of the book again?

Max.

Too tall for Max.

This is Glenn Max going to read an excerpt starting at the beginning.

We're starting in the middle.

Where's this excerpt?

Lie in the book.

This is chapter two.

Oh, chapter two.

Okay.

So chapter one's a lot of setup, a lot of boring stuff.

I'll give you the setting.

He's dropped off as grandma's house for the afternoon because his mother had to go to get some dermatology treatments.

And a lot of times it could be kind of distracting in those situations.

Of course.

So first chapter.

So wait, his mom drops him off at his grandmother's house because she doesn't need distractions during her dermatology appointment.

Yeah.

And this is the first chapter.

The first chapter deals with that.

Okay.

Which a lot of kids deal with stuff like that.

Yeah.

Thank you, Todd.

Thank you.

I'm being serious.

I felt like your face did something.

Yeah, you sort of gave me one of those like, like, oh, one of those classic things.

Classic Todd glass.

Huh.

Yeah.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Totally genuine.

Okay.

All right.

So that's the first chapter and then the second chapter.

The second chapter.

Max discovers that there's some cookies in the kitchen.

Oh boy.

So we can just, that's a good setup.

All right.

So let's, and this is Glenn Max reading an excerpt from Too Tall for Max.

Thank you so much.

Hit the first book of the series, which has 15 parts and he , his protagonist, Max, grows a millimeter in her part, her book, her book.

And his, just let you know that I am listening.

His mom is getting dermatology treatments.

Sure.

She doesn't need currently.

Currently.

In the universe of this book and not, not in first book.

Not currently as an entrepreneur now.

And the story is his mom was getting dermatology treatments .

She dropped Max off at Grandmoms.

Game games.

That's the nickname, not her Christian name.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Okay.

She drops them off because she doesn't want the distraction .

She gets a dermatology appointment.

Yes.

He gets to the grandmother's house and sees some cookies.

Do we ever find out what is wrong with, is it her face?

Is it her skin elsewhere?

It's not dealt with in this series.

Oh, I was going to say there could be, if the series goes well, there could be something about the mother.

Where we follow her from dermatology appointment to dermat ology.

Because again, I want to thank you for not mentioning the red blotches on my face.

Well, I mean, I feel like that would be rude.

There's one thing to talk about someone's height, you know, but the blotches.

I mean, no one can help that.

Yeah, that's just biological.

That's again from my grandfather.

All right, let's start.

So this is, by the way, this is Glenn Max children's book author reading from his book series, the first in the series.

His aunt drops them off at a grandmoms.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, not his aunt.

Okay.

If they, if they picture.

His mother's mother's mother's mother's mother.

Right, right, right.

That's a whole different thing.

That's a whole.

Weird situation.

That would mean she's going to the doctors.

Dermatologist.

Dermatologist is aunt drops them off at his grandmother's house.

And he sees some cookies.

You see some cookies.

And this is from the book, Two Tall from Max, which is the first in a 15 part series.

Right.

Tracing his millimeter development.

And can I say what I love about this right now?

Sure.

I see the happiest you've been because you're, you can tell that you really want to read this and you're getting to.

Yeah.

So, your dream is to read this on, on a podcasting.

Well, I'm going to tell you, this is the first public reading of this.

Oh, wow.

I've never, I've haven't read it out loud to myself.

Wow.

Anything.

So this is a treat for our listeners now and I can't wait to hear it.

Where do people go to get this book?

Is it on, is it like a Amazon book or is it a public store?

Bookstores.

It's more like a magazine type of a shop or?

Right now it's still in sort of the fanzine phase.

Self published.

That's okay.

Xerox paper.

Yeah, through the FedEx copy system.

Is that the book you're holding?

Yes.

This is the first book right here.

Oh, wow.

Maybe you should put a picture of that on, on your website.

Yeah, definitely.

Because that's a, that's a cute little book.

Yeah.

And it's made to scale really for my tiny hand.

Tiny writing too.

Well, it's also the, the handwriting fits the height.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

I like it.

All right.

Well, I can't.

This is a book has to be a typical book.

Well.

Yeah, who else is to say it has to be readable or you know who says that?

Tall people.

And that's handwritten.

This is a hand, hand script.

I love it.

I love it already.

I'm being totally jaded.

Personally taught, I cannot wait to hear this excerpt from his book because, and by the way, just a reset for the listener.

I think we should because we have kind of straight from with the original.

Yeah.

No, no.

We should just reset.

It's mom.

Glenmax.

Good.

Mom's going off to the GONA college.

Reading.

Dermatologist.

I know.

Dermatologist.

Glenmax reading for the first time is the first book in a 15 part series.

Are the other parts of the series written?

Yes.

Okay.

So all 15 books are written.

The series is available at, at my apartment or wherever it 's.

People have to come over to your apartment.

Well, at this point, I can't get distribution or people won 't let me.

Maybe you could.

I mean, the post offices or stamps.com certainly is, is available.

So that would require me, what?

Purchasing a computer.

Let him read it.

Okay.

No, I want to hear this, but I just want to just go over it .

In case people are just tuning in.

If you're just tuning in, please let him read it, but get people up to speak.

Glenmax.

That's me.

Children's book author.

He's written a 15 part series based on his protagonist Max, who's a very short young child, age of eight.

Hey, is handy.

He's handy.

Statcher.

Handy stature.

What does that mean?

Actually, well, handy capped, but the stature.

The stature is.

He is.

I think it's a made up word is.

You know, well, it's, it's not part of the lexicon yet.

Oh, okay.

So.

Because I just on my phone, I, um, call someone.

Someone?

What?

How can I help you later function?

Yahooed it.

Oh, okay.

Oh, wait, you, you, you binged it?

I did something.

Please use Google for that.

Please Google.

Bless you.

You don't have to hide your sneeze in here.

What is this?

Some of the...

Engineer Cody.

No, no.

We're Engineer Cody.

What do you, did you yell at him once before?

You need to hear people sneezing in the background of the show.

Wow.

It makes people uncomfortable.

The way he just had to cover that sneeze, I just can only visualize or mentally picture that.

I took him to task once about this.

You know what?

Hm.

Play, is there ever, I think there's a recording of me yelling at him.

Play that, see that.

No, come on.

I really don't play the, tell him.

Is it?

I chew.

Come on, Cody.

Why you got it?

I'm here in the middle of a show.

I have my favorite comedian here, Andy Kindler.

I had to sneeze, boys.

I didn't digress.

I shouldn't digress.

On my show, that's the shitty bits I do.

I shouldn't make you do them.

And I've been pretty good up to now.

You've been great.

You've been really good.

Well, you have a serious interview.

All right.

You know what?

It's my fault I digress.

I won't actually hear him real loud.

I want to hear him right.

Let's reiterate.

It's Glenn Max.

He's Glenn Max, children's book author.

This is the first part of the series.

Too tall for Max.

He sees some cookies.

His mom's going off to the dermatologist.

She doesn't need a distraction.

She drops Max off at the grandmother's house.

And Willy Gamm is her nickname.

Yes, her nickname.

I would imagine that comes up in this chapter.

I will see.

And Gamm Gamm, he drops, he drops.

Gets dropped off at Gamm Gamm's.

Willy's there.

He sees she.

She in an apartment or a house?

A house that she has had for four years.

You did say apartment before.

Oh, you live in an apartment.

You do live in an apartment.

No, no, it's true.

Yeah, that's true.

He sees cookies and there's where it all goes.

So like an old craftsman style house, I'm imagining in my head.

That's where I'm picturing.

No, no, no, no.

No.

No, they're more working class.

Well, in all fairness, a book, it's theater of the mind.

So it could be when anybody pictures.

This is sort of like a walker, like a stoop, maybe.

That's where I picture.

Like an old walker.

That's where I picture.

I'm not even joking.

I picture like a brick walk and then she's got like a porch with a swing on it.

Well, that does figure into it.

The steps are chapter four.

Oh, okay.

And the steps I picture him in the opening of the book.

He's short and the steps are so big that he can barely struggling.

Oh, man.

He is struggling to get up those steps.

It is a horrifying vision to see.

I get it.

I love it.

I wonder if we need to take a break, another break before he gets to this.

I would actually be able to pee really quick.

Yeah, I'll tell you, well, let's take a break.

I really would like to just watch it.

When we come back, we're going to have Glenn Max.

I would love to.

Yes, because I think people, I don't want people to think we're being disrespectful.

So just get people up to speed.

So when we come back, when we come back, we'll come back.

Boom, we'll just launch into it.

We don't even say hi.

He just starts reading.

Glenn Max, children's book author, 15 part series.

Max is the protagonist, very short young boy, 15 mill imeters, one per book.

Mom's going off to the dermatologist.

He doesn't need a distraction.

So she drops him off a Gam Gam's house.

When he's a Gam Gam's house, he sees some cookies.

Kind of a nice walk up.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

The house?

Well, it's not.

Where's the house?

The house is in Pasadena.

Pasadena.

Okay.

Oh, now, oh, yeah.

Little old lady.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

So when we come back, we'll have Glenn Max reading some of this book, which I can't remember the name of, but that was probably never covered.

Okay, let me do some vocal warmups.

Okay, great.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang.

Ah!

Great.

You need to be?

No.

That was for the bit.

Okay.

All right, let's talk about our friends here at Squarespace .

Here's the thing.

Our friends at Squarespace just launched a whole new product, Drumroll Please.

No Drumroll?

Okay.

The new Squarespace 6.

It's a do-it-yourself website builder that allows you to make a website or a blog in just a few minutes.

And let me tell you, my wife, Koolop, just did it with Squ arespace and she was constantly calling me saying, oh my gosh, this is so easy.

To the point where I was like a little like, hey, come on, you don't need to call me every five minutes.

Squarespace gives you a free domain name.

They handle all the hosting.

They have 24-hour customer support.

And look, everything on the platform is drag and drop, so it's incredibly easy to use.

For example, you can drag pictures straight from your desktop.

Boom.

Right on there, creating custom layouts with multiple columns and text that wraps perfectly around your images and videos.

Before clean templates, they let your content do all the talking, plus you can switch templates at any time.

And one more thing that's really special about Squarespace is that the website you create will scale automatically to fit perfectly on anyone's iPad, iPhone, computer, pretty much any other device.

Pull content from your blogs, push content back out to your social networks.

It does it all.

So look, if you don't have your own website or blog yet, go to squarespace.com and start a free trial with no credit card required.

So when you're ready to purchase it, make sure to use the offer code SCOTT.

That is my name.

How hard is that to remember?

Not at all.

SCOTT to get a 10% discount.

All right?

Use that offer code SCOTT to get the 10% discount, but it's not needed for the free trial at all.

And I will see you at Squarespace.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

And I know we said we were going to launch right into this, but I really, really think that it needs recapping because if people don't know the storyline.

So okay, your name is Max.

His last name is Max.

Yeah, I've been getting that wrong this long time.

No, you've said my name correctly.

I've been saying your name correctly.

Yeah, Glenn Max, the character's name is Max.

Okay.

I did.

So my notes are six feet and three inches away from me right now.

So I can't.

I know what you're going through, brother.

You need to reach and stick.

That's what you need right there.

Anyway, so you're an author?

Children's book author.

Okay.

At this point, I would love to read an excerpt from Too Tall for Max.

Okay.

There you go.

Max sure wanted those cookies that were on grandma's table.

But old Gam Gam's table was made for normal people.

Why were there no chairs or stools in the room?

Well, it wasn't for Max to ask because he was short.

Slowly, Max.

Wait, I have to interrupt you here.

He's not allowed to ask things because he's short.

He's a lesser person.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I don't mean to interrupt.

I just needed clarification on that point.

Yeah.

These are some of the issues that this child's dealing with .

Okay.

Please return to this is Glenn Max with Too Tall for Max.

I'll just go back to that one part.

It wasn't for Max to ask because he was short.

Slowly, Max began to weep, realizing that once again his height was holding him back.

So he lay on the cool kitchen floor and cried.

Okay.

Is that the that's just an excerpt?

I'm sure the chapter goes on from there.

Well, the remainder of that chapter.

Let him read more.

I like actually got into it.

You want to hear a little bit more?

I would mind.

It's not my show though, no fair enough.

Well, yeah, it is kind of mine.

I'll just reiterate that one plot point.

So he laid on the cool kitchen floor and cried.

Okay.

The tears welled up around his face as though he had been shot in the head and this was his own blood.

I never really thought of tears that way.

But the blood was his own pain coming out of his face.

He mustered up the only words that he could find in his chest.

Why can't I reach those cookies?

He screamed and flailed on the floor.

Oh God.

My grandmother came in and stepped over him and said calm down.

You're just a little bit of a boy and someday you'll be a man.

But Max knew he'd never grow more because of the pituitary gland that was stunting his own development.

Dr. said, his doctor said struggled to rectify the issue, but they couldn't.

The only thing left for Max to do was to lay on that floor and cry.

Several hours went by.

Grandma had lost interest.

Max woke up.

His eyes had been sealed shut because of the tears on his face.

He stumbled into the living room to find his grandmother asleep.

She was sleeping in the living room?

In a chair?

Or?

I don't know.

I hadn't decided where.

I could go back and add better at me a chair.

Then you'd have to rewrite all those pages.

Yeah, we don't want to do that.

I'm imagining she fell asleep in her chair.

She's an old woman.

She didn't make it to bed that night.

That's good.

You should be a children's author.

Oh, thank you.

Todd, are you okay?

No, it's got me a little bit.

I got to be honest.

You know, hey.

So just to let you know from there, chapter three is him struggling to make himself some food in the kitchen, but everything's too high.

Why doesn't Gam Gam?

You know, I mean, she puts all of her cookies so high and she's not even going to feed this kid?

She hasn't for the night, it sounds like, which is a little strange that mom has gone on a dermatologist appointment for that long.

Are you sure this is a dermatologist appointment?

And she's not like out just like, I mean, screwing some new boyfriend?

No, no.

I thought that too.

No, Scott.

You know, when you're dealing with children, you have to sort of make allowances.

They don't have a concept of time or, you know, day or night or anything.

I mean, it sounds to me like this poor kid, he's kind of a latchkey kid.

His mom, who's his only caretaker, it sounds like, because the father doesn't sound like he's in the picture.

Yeah, the father's not the father died in the war.

Which war?

It's not important.

Maybe.

Wait, okay, you're 44.

He died in the, he died in the, yes, 2011 because we all finished a marriage.

It was a very good American war.

Yeah, 2011 because we always take these a year in advance.

So 44, 24, 2007, 1967, it sounds like Vietnam.

Probably Spanish American war.

I think, I think we're going to go with Spanish American war.

19, 19, 20.

Did not.

Unless it would be.

2012.

Can I ask you a question in your?

The Korean conflict.

In your personal life.

Yeah.

Carry the war.

What happened to your father?

Oh, he's fine.

He's fine.

Yeah.

He's great.

He's alive.

Really?

Yeah.

Yeah, he's, he's doing very well.

Where is he?

He is.

He's not doing well.

I can tell.

You can be honest.

Can I tell you if this is a safe zone?

That's what he's.

I, you may have noticed when you walked in the door, I have a big construction sign there that says safe zone.

I appreciate that.

He's not doing well.

He tried to, he went to Mexico to get some elevation surgery and he did not do so well.

Wait, he's a short person as well?

He's, he thinks he is.

So wait a second.

There's a place.

This is just.

What he.

There's a place I'm guessing you say elevation surgery.

So this is a place where they can add height to you.

Yes.

And obviously they.

How do they elongate you by breaking your bones or something in them?

They take the butt meat from your body and they.

And they put it on your feet.

They put it on the bottom of your feet.

The bottom of your feet.

Wait, so they take, they take three inches of butt meat or so and they attach it.

How do you walk after something like it?

Well, well.

You'd have to relearn how to.

It's a very gelatinous kind of, it's like being on the moon is what he described it as.

Wow.

You at least need orthotics.

Yeah, or what he tried to do was he would get shoes and then he would just sort of like create long, deep, deep sort of holes in them.

You know, like you've got the top and then you've got like a tube.

Essentially it goes down so you can have some stability.

Oh, God.

That's making me sick.

It's making me.

So he tried this and what happened to him?

Well, he's.

He's riddled with infection at this point.

Is that, do you mind if I, I shouldn't be, he's driving.

Is that a picture of your father?

That is.

Do you mind if I look at it?

Sure.

There he is.

Are you sure?

Yeah.

There you go.

Okay.

Let me just take a look at that.

Oh my God.

What?

Is it a picture of his feet?

Oh God.

Oh.

So now it's, we thought it was surprising that his own body rejected the butt meat from his own body.

His body rejected his own butt meat.

His own butt meat.

Oh, that's the sad story.

He can not incorporate that into his body.

So God, God, God rest and God rest his soul.

He's not dead.

Oh, no, he's just not doing it very well.

Well, good luck with that.

Good luck here.

But did this sound, if I may be frank, sure.

Glenn, that's not your name.

Oh God.

Sorry.

Okay.

Hey, Glenn.

Leave the jokes to us.

All right.

I'm very, I'm sorry.

All right, Glenn.

I understand.

Because, because honestly, to me, I know this is a safe zone, but there's something that don't happen in the safe zone.

Well, certainly not being disrespectful.

Yeah.

I mean, this, you can say whatever you want in the safe zone, but don't come into our safe zone and try to take over the jokes.

Okay.

Because that is outside of the safe zone, in my opinion.

All right.

All right, Glenn.

Okay.

All right, to you, Scott.

No, I mean, I'm with you, but you know, the guy's obviously crying and I don't think we need to.

I'm sorry, but that just, that's, that's.

That chaps my ass.

All right.

That chaps my butt meat.

I guess you would say.

Why don't you put it on the bottom of your feet?

Hey, come on.

What?

That's what his dad did.

The logic of that doesn't make any sense.

Why don't I put the butt meat on the bottom of my feet?

Just trying to light it.

Because it doesn't express.

Don't try to light, that's not, it's just an expression.

I know we're in a safe zone, but don't try to lighten the mood while we're in the safe zone.

Okay.

Because this, the very idea of a safe zone is that anything can happen.

Can I?

And we don't even defend Max.

Thank you.

Mr. Max.

All right.

We're safe zone I've ever been in.

What the fuck are you talking about?

This is a safe zone.

Well, we're safe zone.

If he, I mean, I, I can't yell at you in a safe zone.

That's the whole idea of a safe zone is that I don't think so.

I don't think so.

And I'm supposed to, you say some stupid shit and I call you on it and yell at you.

Scott, Scott, I agreed with you.

Are we being serious here?

We're being totally serious right now.

Okay.

I agree with you that when he did the jokes, it was rude.

But then obviously the guy started, the guy started welling up.

Is that the right expression?

Shit.

And you're safe zone.

I gotta be honest, it's the weirdest fucking safe zone.

It's a safe zone because he can't sneeze.

He can't obviously get apologized and then I go to make a you.

No, a safe zone.

Hold on.

Scott, I will hold on, but you get to your fucking point.

Yeah, a safe zone.

It sounds like it's a safe zone for you.

Yes.

It's a safe zone where you guys can do your stuff and then it's safe for me because I call you on it and I yell at you for doing it.

That's not a safe zone.

Ask your.

What you guys got to do what you do, but I can't do what I do.

No, we didn't.

I'm still talking to you with respect.

I might have angst in my voice, but it's not a safe zone.

If you can't, if you're poor producer over there can't snee ze.

Oh, come on.

Oh, maybe.

Come on.

Can I just say something?

Maybe this will lighten the mood.

Okay.

I think essentially what you're saying is I don't come down to where you work and knock the dick out of your mouth.

You don't got a, that's the old one.

Oh, my God.

Like the mood?

Maybe a safe zone should be.

Like the mood just got really bugging you.

That's just an old, that's first of all, that is, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's back on my side now, right?

Yeah, first of all, that's, what did I miss?

That joke is Chelsea Paredes.

Yeah.

And a lot of comedians have stolen it.

No, no, no, no, no.

Time traveled back to before she became a comedian.

And a woman's joke.

I'm so sorry.

I am, I am desperately trying to get back in your good gr aces because that's fucked up, man.

That's fine.

Yeah.

Be yourself.

Just be yourself.

You don't have to like try so hard.

Be yourself.

This is a safe zone.

Just be yourself.

Okay.

Be yourself.

All right.

I'm gonna admit, Scott's won me over here.

Really?

Well, that joke is just really bad.

I just got stolen.

Yeah.

I thought that was sort of like, it was like public domain at this point.

See that everyone likes to think the jokes are public domain.

You know what?

That's what I used to think.

Really?

Yeah.

About Brian Regan's jokes.

See you would tell them all the time.

I thought they were public domain.

Yeah.

Brian Regan.

All right.

Let's get back on track.

No, I'm sorry.

Let's get back on track.

All right.

So basically we've read an excerpt of your book and now.

This is the word Q&A.

Q&A?

Yeah.

The Q&A.

Oh, boom.

Well, I thought we were doing the Q&A before the book.

It seemed like it was all encompassing.

Yes.

Yeah.

You really lost confidence in the fact that you knew that word.

That's amazing.

All right.

Glenn, is that your name?

Glenn Max.

Thank you.

I get a little more respect from...

I could be a hook.

You never got Todd's name?

I feel like we've been saying it.

That's okay.

Toddglass.com, I would imagine.

The Toddglass show.

Let me ask you about the way an author now.

Let me ask you a question.

I have you know.

You're an author.

Simon and Schuster, motherfucker.

What?

It's funny to overuse that word for me.

Wait, but you are...

I sold the book to Simon and Schuster.

You sold the book.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

I just thought...

So you guys are both one of them.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

You guys are authors.

And now...

Listen, you're just putting it together right now that you both have something in common.

I am flabbergasted.

The sad part is in both worlds.

Right.

Yes, I did.

I sold the book to Simon and Schuster.

And is it a children's book?

It is not a children's book.

Okay.

Well, let me hear the idea of it.

Well, it's autobiographical.

Oh, I thought you were going to say automotive.

Oh, mixed with some rants and a little bit of this, a little bit of that.

Okay, well...

Mixed with some Dennis Miller rants?

Yes.

Public domain.

Well, they're public domain.

Let me tell you somebody who also writes autobiographical books.

Who?

Glenn Max.

Oh, wait.

So are these autobiographical books?

That's what...

I guess the cat's out of the bag.

Okay.

I don't know if he saw the connection making...

Except the father is dead in your series from the Spanish- American war you said.

Yes.

But your father is still alive.

Well, of course.

Yeah.

The butt meat rejection issue is still going on in my life.

Okay.

And that's where I focused that into my own pain was like, well, to me, my father's dead now.

Would you say this is sort of a Romana clef of some sort?

I don't...

Romana clef.

You're an author and you don't know the term Romana clef.

I don't know what it would be, honestly.

Is that a comedy term?

Like, again, I don't want to know.

No, I think it's an author.

It's a barely disguised version of your own life.

Yes.

Okay.

I don't know what it would be.

No.

Really?

You're in it.

Am I really?

What do I do?

You'll see.

Oh, no.

Am I nice to you?

Yes.

Okay.

It's an all-tell.

What do they call it?

Tell all.

It's a tell-all.

It's a what you call it.

No, I think it is called an all-tell.

An all-tell.

That's my favorite comedian, Dave Altell, by the way.

I don't know him.

Yeah.

Okay.

So, they're auto-buy...

I don't want to know a little more about you and the trouble you had with your monster of a grandmother, as far as I'm concerned about it.

Well, no, that's not.

You have to set...

You have to take liberties with the settings and such.

I mean, my grandmother was...

You're your life.

No, gosh, no.

God, God, no.

No, shit.

But what happened to her?

Mask.

Is that too painful for her?

Can you get through it?

I would love to know what happened to Gam Gam.

Gam Gam.

Had sort of the opposite condition that we had.

She was a giant.

A very tall woman.

How tall?

At her death, she was 8-11.

Oh, my...

She's like that American Idol contestant, the gentle giant that we talked to on the show once.

Is this true?

Does she live in Bigton?

Is that a...

That's where he lived.

Is that a poke at me?

Bigton?

No, that's about her.

And you think it's funny that she died because she's so large.

No, no, no.

No, I guess it's a safe zone anymore.

We talked to...

I believe his name is Jermaine on the show and he was technically a giant and he came from Bigton, which everything in the...

There was a problem with the water supply there and everyone grew to be.

Is that true?

That is true, yeah.

No, shut up.

Right, I made it while I was checking.

Yeah, that was a previous...

I know that you were thinking that it was just like a funny character, but no, it was a real guy.

And how tall is he?

I think he was 9 feet or so, but...

How old is he?

Well, he was on American Isle, so he had to be under 28, so he had somewhere in there.

Is his health okay?

I don't think so.

I mean, at the end of the show, he basically...

He was peering in through the window even though we're on the fifth floor and he was raging against it.

Yeah, that's right.

Anyway, these are all callbacks to previous shows.

You can hear those.

Yeah, he's nothing funny with the picture.

He's looking out this window here and seeing a guy like after the show.

He's still outside.

He's like knocking on the window.

Hey, you guys.

Yeah.

So go ahead.

So she...

I should break character.

She died.

She died because essentially what happens to the human body is you get taller and taller.

There's a separation of the organs and the nerves and it gets to the point where it's not reaching head and the hands.

Well, God bless her.

She must have had wonderful eyesight now, so I appreciate it.

She must have had wonderful eyesight.

She did.

Maybe the best eyesight in the world.

She had wonderful, wonderful eyesight.

That's fantastic.

Good for her.

Thank you.

Better to see you crying on the floor, unable to reach the cookies.

Yeah.

You know?

I have problems with her.

I'm not going to lie.

With the character?

No, no, no, no, no.

The character is what it is.

Just she...

Spot on.

Scott said.

Just she sounds a little bit...

She could have lowered the cookies.

Meanwhile, your mom is out there banging any guy.

Well, now that is not...

Well, she's getting Botox for some reason.

It wasn't?

No, I never said it was Botox.

Well, what does she not want you to see?

I know.

I'll bear my soul here.

Okay.

I had to go to the dermatologist.

Oh, this is hard for him.

Oh, no.

I had to go to the dermatologist once and because I had some infection.

It's a skin problem.

And not an infection, but more of a...

You got some Botox and...

No, no, no.

I had a rash around my eye over here, like a little pimple or something.

And I saw moms in there with their children and some of them would take the children into the office.

If the kid was old enough, he'd stay in the waiting room.

Sure.

So I don't understand why your mom couldn't take...

Well...

So something's going on.

Maybe the issue is when you have a child.

She's getting lip injections so she could, you know...

Go get fucked.

I don't...

Okay.

All right.

Wow.

We established that this is a safe zone again.

It's a safe zone.

And yeah, on this...

He should be able to say that your mom is getting fucked by some.

I don't think that that is a safe zone.

Your mom is getting Botox.

You know what that is?

I think that's a manipulative thing for me.

You have to be able to back down.

I agree.

I agree with that.

I'm being told that I don't think you're that sad.

I don't see one tear coming out of your eye when you do that.

And the minute he said that your face just turned to like stone cold fury.

Yeah, and I saw your blotchy face just like turned dead inside.

Oh, yeah.

And Dr. Phil once said there was a woman on the show and she...

Oh, Dr. Phil.

All the emotions of being sad, like she was like putting her head down.

He goes, but I never saw one tear come out of your eye.

I remember that.

So you're going, ahhhhhh!

No, not one tear.

Yeah.

Not one tear.

Do you want to know something about the physiology of a small person?

Oh, okay.

The tear ducts don't work.

The tear ducts have not grown to such a point that they are reaching the eyes.

Oh, that is true.

And I actually did hear that.

If you look in my mouth, there's a lot more water content than there was before.

Oh, yeah.

I was sitting there and saying that.

Instead of crying.

Todd, I think you all in my mind.

I'm in apology quite honestly.

I do.

Okay, we'll get to that another time.

I'm adopting that acknowledgement.

Alright, guys.

I've never been...

Between the two of you, I have never...

Just so people listening, I don't want them to think like, what's going on?

Right.

Which I know...

I'm one minute, I'm your way, then I'm your way.

And then I got a little hard on you because I thought...

Yes.

But the thing is this...

You're like Switzerland though, you're neutral most of the time.

I'm not purposely, but I have been like...

You see both sides of an argument all the time.

That's a great thing about you is, you know...

We'll leave it at that.

Yeah.

We don't have to leave it at that just because you say we 'll leave it at that.

How would you like to leave it?

I mean, I'd like to go into it a little more.

Okay, go ahead.

So, yeah, you're great.

Thank you.

We'll leave it at that.

And can we do any plugs that we have here?

Yeah, we're going to get to...

In fact, that's where I was sort of winding down.

We're about to get to plugs.

Okay.

But, you know, please...

I know this is a safe zone, but it's not safe...

This is...

You can do your plugs before it's time to do your plugs.

This is just the biggest shot of me.

You know what I mean?

I understand.

There are rules to a safe zone.

Am I right, Todd?

Okay.

We don't have to go back into it.

Hey, come on, come on, Todd.

Oh, no, we see.

Don't...

Oh, no.

Fucking sneeze.

Oh, no.

People don't need to hear that shit.

It's gross.

Have you ever listened to...

What, do people sneeze all the time on your podcast?

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

That's disgusting.

It is disgusting.

Hey, let me tell you something, Scott.

I'm not fucking Cody over there that you can push around.

Oh, you're not Cody?

No.

Then who the fuck are you?

I'm getting green.

Yeah, you're Todd Glass.

The sneezing podcaster.

Sorry.

You're not.

You are not sad at all.

You're just immediately snapped out.

Yeah.

No, it's all...

I know somebody used to do something like that.

Yeah.

You're a manipulative son of a bitch.

Thank you.

Well, I don't know.

I'm going through something.

I bet he...

We're on each other's side.

I'd like to see that book.

You want to see it?

I'd like to see inside of it.

The whole thing of it?

Off the air.

Why don't you buy the book then?

That would be great.

You're so interesting.

He's never sold a book.

I'm assuming you've never sold a book.

Not as of yet.

How long has it been on the market?

It has been on the market for two years since I took the...

Since he took it...

Who asked you wrote it immediately?

Yeah.

First class.

How many pages is it?

It is 22 pages.

Perfect length for a young child.

No, that's true.

How many chapters?

22 chapters.

So a chapter?

A chapter of page.

A page of...

Sure.

I will...

To be fair, eight of the chapters focus on him crying on the floor.

Which eight?

Chapters four through twelve.

So when he's crying in chapter two, that's not one of the eight chapters that...

Oh, right.

So nine chapters, technically.

That's right.

Chapter three is this game, game saying, please calm down.

Trying to get him to a calm place.

So she's woken up by that point.

Yeah.

Next morning.

I see in your table Jason Sklar and Randy Sklar.

And I cannot tell the difference from their names.

In my opinion, they should have just signed it together as the Sklar brothers.

I think that's rude of them to take up two signatures.

You know what I mean?

They're one act.

Thank you.

You know what I'm saying?

And I like them.

Believe me, I like them.

I love them.

I'm not going to go that far, but I...

Well, in a comedic way, nice, warm, always supportive.

I just think you're absolutely right.

Not that there's anything to do with anything.

I totally like them, but that's rude.

I know I'm trying to...

I don't know them, so I kind of feel left out.

Yeah.

All right, guys.

Well, we're wrapping it up.

We're going to get to...

So here's Monday.

Yeah, this is Monday.

We're going to get to the last feature on our show, and that is a little something called plugs.

Oh, here comes the...

I love J-Go's.

We are Plugs.

Don't be shy.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.

Come on.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.

Don't be shy about the shows that you'll be singing in the city.

Don't be shy about the books.

I need you to look out in the book.

What about the products you've been selling on the internet ?

Maybe you're a sleeper head.

We're ready to explode.

No.

Maybe your new articles will change the course of prose.

But if we can't find your Facebook page, how will we know?

Hey, hey, hey.

Wow, hey.

Well, I love to hear you talk less.

I love to hear his voice.

I love to hear him ramble on and on about things he's passionate.

There you go.

You don't have to usurp their plug.

I'm jealous.

Those are great.

Who does that for you?

Let me tell you, that was Ken Pendergast.

Ken Pendergast, let me tell you something.

I would really like it.

Well, it wouldn't be fair for him to do one for me.

I think it would be fair.

I mean, you enjoy his name again.

Ken Pendergast.

We have a website with the Bang Bang plugs jingle.

That was fantastic.

That was one of the best ones we've ever had.

That's an awesome one.

Ken, get in touch with Todd Glass here.

He could use your work because apparently he doesn't like the guy who does the plugs for.

No, they're good, but these are parodies.

Yours are original.

Right.

You're saying that these are better than the guy that does them for you.

Yes.

And Lynn should know that.

Okay.

So that was Ken.

Thank you so much, Ken.

By the way, if you have a plug scene that you'd like played during our What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Plug section, go to earwolf.com, leave it in the appropriate thread under the Comedy Bang Bang message boards.

And here we go.

Plugs.

This is an exciting time.

And we'll get to you, Glenn.

Uh.

Well, yeah.

But Todd, I would love to hear.

What do you have going on?

Are little cameos in movies and TV shows coming up?

I don't do a lot in the, you know, say, you know, work in just doing my club dates.

More Five and Unders.

Act Me in Minneapolis after the new year.

That's my early date.

No, you know, whenever I come in here, I don't know, but they can go to my website.

What is your website?

I'm half kidding, half serious.

I think it's Todd Glass.

Toddglass.com.

Yes.

Sure.

And just go to computer.com and, you know, find you from there.

And I'll tweet.

Follow me on Twitter.

Sure.

And you're Todd Glass at Twitter.

Yes.

And you have a lot of dates coming up before the end of the year.

I'm on the road half the year, so that's good.

Todd is.

And man, I like it.

I love, by the way, I love working the, love going to Comedy Clubs.

There is no greater joy, I think, than going to see Todd glass at a Comedy Club.

Honestly, you put, you, I mean, I appreciate it.

I do.

You know, I love, I still love.

We got to know each other during the mid 90s.

Okay.

When all of Comedy was all, it was the grunge scene was going on.

It was all about Angstie Comedy.

And you are such a breath of fresh air, you were almost like the Save Ferris of Comedy.

You know, you were like a scaband in the middle of a grunge scene.

You know what I mean?

Like, every other comedian was like sponge in these alternative vans.

And you're like, you know, no doubt.

But I will say this.

I don't even know that.

I will say this though, that, I will say this.

That sounds so weird.

That, that whole scene.

And I've said this a million times.

And I think the audiences of the, you know, the UCB and that I see, you know, I say it, I've said it a hundred times because they deserve to hear it a hundred times.

That that scene, although the, the people that don't go to that scene, I love that I still hear them.

I still heard a few comedians at the Montreal Comedy Festival having their version of what that scene is.

And I go, you know what?

It sounds so cliche for me to go, why don't you fucking go before you decide what it is?

All that scene is to me are audiences that treat stand up comedy as an art form with respect, with the respect that someone would go to the opera or play.

And let me tell you something.

How could you not fucking love it?

So anyone that goes, oh, what that scene is yet go.

It's a great scene.

Yeah.

So anyway, yeah, their audiences are great.

You want to hug them, you know?

So that scene, even though a lot of people were doing what you said, they were still very, it was still a good scene for me to go, even though my stuff was, you're like a great antidote to other comedians.

I don't know.

Is that good or that?

So, but yeah, so all my club dates and then I'm going back, you know, and I'm not doing my own headlining dates, obviously, as I've done for many years opening up.

Oh, your headliner.

Oh, sure.

Go middle.

Do going off this fall to do a ton of Louis dates with him.

Oh, with Louis CK.

Yeah.

What a double build at it.

How many minutes do you do when you open for Louis?

You know, I usually do about, I think, anywhere from like about 25 minutes.

25?

Oh, no greater 25 minutes in your life than watching Todd Glass while you're waiting to really see Louis CK.

That's just, and you know, I know you're being silly, but they are fun dates and Louis, you know, he doesn't, he, for a while when I was opening up for him, I would get this one set down like that.

I thought, oh, that's the set.

And he goes, you know, he goes, do what you do at the UCB.

Like, I want to see you sweat out there.

And you know what, it changed the whole tour because I didn 't have to.

I still want performing now.

You're having fun.

Yeah.

He's, you still want to go out and people are spending their hard on money on a ticket.

He still want to do a good show, but a good show for me is when I start messing around.

Yeah.

Sweating a little bit because I enter a topic.

So those dates are, those dates are fun for me.

Oh, that's going to be fun.

I wish I could go.

I'll do you tickets.

There you go.

That's all I want.

Half prize.

Oh, no.

All right.

Glenn Max.

Yeah.

You have these books out and they're not on the internet.

You just have to show up to, I wanted to ask Todd what's it like to have a website?

It's fun.

Is it?

Oh, yeah.

You have a website.

Oh, yeah.

I have five of them.

Well, you have to be successful.

Oh, you could have one.

How?

Just, we'll talk off the air.

Yeah, definitely.

But how do people get your book?

They have to come show up at your house.

Can you give out the address?

The address is available in the white pages.

So you just look for Glenn Max.

Two X's.

And North Pasadena.

Oh, okay.

Great.

So look in Los Angeles because you'll be or really any other city in the world.

You don't want to think of the addresses.

I was thinking of the addresses where I used to live over the years and I remembered one of my addresses and I bet someone listening knows where it is.

1295 Joan Drive.

I really.

Churchville, Pennsylvania.

I used to live in that ranch house.

You still live in that ranch house.

I live all brick.

I feel like he's changing the subject over to him.

I mean, the focus is on me.

That's where my parents used to read to me in that house.

Oh, try to swing the bones.

1295 Joan Drive.

I used to live in that house.

Anything else, Glenn, that you have to plug?

Can I say one more thing?

Okay, sure.

Can people go by that house?

1295 Joan Drive in Warminster.

I think it was Churchville, Pennsylvania near Southampton and that's a brick ranch house.

Take a picture of it and send it into your show.

I want to see how many people quinched.

There's got to be someone listening that lives there.

That lives over there.

Yeah, that would be fascinating.

Well, it would be for me.

Some picture of a house.

I want to see people.

I got those pictures.

All right, so Glenn, anything else?

To George Carr, and that's where I used to live.

That means the truth.

Okay, I'm done.

Nothing else.

Okay, let me jump in here with mine.

First of all, we want to thank Matthew Flipsart.

Matthew, what is up?

Thanks for donating to Airwolf $100.

Thank you.

Oh, no, $100 is a CBB.

Thank you, Matthew.

You're keeping the lights on.

I appreciate that.

Yes, Tom.

I forgot one more thing.

Oh, boy.

We celebrated our one-year anniversary on our podcast, The Todd Glass Show.

That's cute.

And we're camping.

Oh, wow.

Yeah, we're going to this Tuesday.

Where are you going?

I can't tell.

Oh, okay.

But we are going camping.

I also want to plug the tour podcast, by the way.

We did a podcast every single stop on the tour.

The last half of the show was a completely improvised podcast.

Head over to earwolf.com to pick those up.

There are some really great ones.

First of all, let me just run through some of the guest stars.

You have Bobby Moynihan, fan favorite on the show.

He did a couple of the New York shows with us.

Taren Killum from Saturday Night Live has never been on the regular show.

He just popped up in Boston.

He did that show.

And we also have, for fans of Farts and Procreation, those shows, we have Adam Scott and Harris Whittles on the LA show doing totally new characters.

And every show was really unique and fun.

We have Paul F. Tompkins talking about why his last cake boss appearance was non-canonical in the San Francisco show.

So what I would suggest is get them all for $25.

You can get 14 shows for $25 in the subscription package.

But you can also get them individually.

But they were a lot of fun.

So head over to earwolf.com to check that out.

And that is it.

We're going to close up the old plug bag.

Do we have the closing up the plug bag theme?

Closing up the plug bag.

Alright, that's Ken Marino with the closing up the plug bag theme.

And guys, thank you so much.

This was a lot of, I mean, Todd, I had fun with you.

We had our differences, Glenn.

But I think in the end, we just realized that we're two different heights and that might be...

People from different heights are never going to get along.

Never.

That's the reason you're for the books.

I'm only friends with people who are 6'2".

Hello.

I'm 6'2".

I recognize that.

We're such great friends.

That's why we care about each other.

By the way, I'm willing to go on any of your tours with you .

I'm always available.

I would love to have...

Personally, that is a dream of mine.

Well, that's right.

I asked you to be on the Portland show.

You do.

And you had your own show going.

I guess I'm starting to recognize something.

And maybe this is why you're so successful.

You can't pitch in yourself during this thing.

Get on the tour.

I got the website.

I got a book.

I mean...

Well, that's what plugs are all about.

Is that it?

Yeah, this is the first time I've read my book.

That could be why I'm not being sarcastic at all.

I know we're going to close that.

Could we buy you haven't sold any books?

You need to plug it a little more.

You need to not cry.

Yeah, imagine if every time I cried, you saw me.

Okay.

What?

I don't know.

You would appear every time.

Are you invisible every time you don't cry?

People should be embarrassed not to cry.

Yeah, that's true.

All right.

Well, guys, thank you.

Please, I see you welling up.

You have that hatred still behind your eyes.

It tells me that you don't actually mean it.

Okay.

I can't tell if he's tired.

Glenn, thank you so much.

That's going to be it for us.

All right.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye-bye.

Bye, Vinny Piscatelli.

Glenn Max.

Kia dei Shun on second grade.

I have a book.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

the worst dead.
