---
layout: page
title: 173. Paul F. Tompkins, Paul Scheer, Brent Weinbach [13732⧸21057].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

We have a wild show for you today. First of all, Werner Herzog, our old film director buddy.

He's gonna be here with us the entire program.

Plus we have Brent Weinbach, one of my favorite comedians, is here sitting in.

Plus maybe a couple surprises along the way, all of that and more on today's...

♪♪♪ Error 404 catchphrase not found. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. That's a great catchphrase. Thanks Dan Millway.

Thanks Dan Millway for that catchphrase. Error 404 catch phrase not found. Bink, bink, bink, bink, bink, bink.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. This is your intrepid host, Scott Ockermann, and back from tour. I talked about that last week, but I am really back from tour now. Was I back last week? I don't know. Maybe I prerecorded that episode and I just said I was back from tour.

You will never know. You'll never know. Only the engineers here know and they have been sworn to secrecy. On that point and that point only.

Welcome to the show. We have a great one for you today. We have just a wide variety of guests. And our first guest here, he's sitting to my right and he's...

You're not only a guest, but you'll be acting as sort of a co-host today if that's all right.

That's fine, yes. Thank you for conferring upon me this great mantle of responsibility.

It's no problem. I always enjoy when you're here. By the way, I'll let everyone know who you are, but Werner Herzog is here.

Yes, hello. Welcome to everyone. Welcome again to the show.

Scott, thank you for having me back. I believe this is a record-breaking appearance.

It really is. Yes, it may be your third time. I've broken my previous record of appearing two times.

Yes, now this is only your personal record. It's not a record for anyone else who's been on my show.

Forgive me. I did not mean to imply that I was breaking the record of anyone else other than myself.

Yeah, you're on personal best at all times. My own PB. You must be breaking records every day on personal... How many days you've been alive?

Yes, I've smashed that one just today. Just today. Yeah, every single day.

So true. So true. Werner, the last time we saw each other, you were in Seattle, Washington, true or false?

Yes, that is true. I was able to join you on your comedy bang bang tour in the city of Seattle, Washington.

And why were you there? I can't remember. I was there researching weather. Right. For a film.

Because what's your film? I don't recall the film did not come to pass. Oh, okay. Did we talk about it on that show?

I believe we did. Great appearance. It was a hazy, my recollection of that evening, I hazy at best.

At best, yeah. Because afterwards I was treated to some shots of Jaegermeister.

Have you ever drank in the fruit of the Jaegermeister? No, even though it's a German drink. I had never partaken of Jaegermeister before.

Seems like the only drink that you would ever want to drink . It's a German drink. I have a fondness for American beverages such as...

Milk shakes.

A Oont W. Root beer.

Aized tea. Eist tea that has been iced. Made in the in the traditional southern way of putting a bunch of tea bags in a stupid jar and then letting it sit in the sun.

And then pouring a gallon of sugar into it. Oh, God willing . It's terrible without sugar. And I don't understand why people persist in drinking it otherwise.

You're not fooling anyone. No one knows you for drinking unsweetened tea.

That's why mainly people drink the unsweetened tea is because they want to fool people into thinking they're drinking sweetened tea.

They're trying to... Yes, exactly. They're trying to fool people to think they're drinking sweet tea.

Someone say, just drink the sweetened tea. Exactly. Why are you projecting this false mask of sweetness?

You could have the real thing. You could. It's so close.

But that was a great appearance and people can listen to that certainly if they head over to the old store.

For a price. Yeah. Nothing in life is free.

Exactly. You taught me that. Except in nature which is disgusting and who wants it.

Yes. And for people who don't know you, you're a film director.

That's true. You also have a popular YouTube video where you're realizing that John Waters is gay.

That's also true. Yes. It got a lot of hits. Yes.

And you're basic. Once I was... There's another wonderful video in which I'm giving an interview and someone shoots me from a rooftop.

And I narrate the experience of the exchange. As you're being shot across the landscape.

Oh wait, shoots... You don't mean shoots you like a cannon.

No, wait.

Okay, that's all I've had. That is an experience I have yet to have.

I would love to. But it's on my list. I would love to treat you to that experience.

I might seek out professionals to do such a thing.

But before I trust you on your homemade cannon.

So you're saying someone shot you from across a different ... Yes, someone holding a gun.

Shot me. Yes. As I was giving an interview. Oh, I've not seen that one. It's worth a look.

It's worth a Google. Yeah. Okay.

Now you, your basic ethos is man versus nature.

Well, really nature versus man. Nature is trying to crush us at all times.

Yes, it's a... Nature started it is what I'm saying. Oh, okay.

And we didn't ask to be born. Nature is trying to crush us.

All of us. Not just me.

And your films reflect that.

The subtext of my films is that we will never be able to defeat nature, but we should always try.

And you're never give up. Never go. And your most popular film, Grizzly Man, would people...

Is that safe to say? Grizzly Man.

Probably two American audiences. Yes, I think that... It's not gristly.

It's gristly. No, Grizzly Man was an early film that I worked on, which was a...

You know, in Germany it's not uncommon to take out an ad online and say, I wish that someone would come to my home, cook me and eat me while I watch.

Sure, of course. So I answered one of these ads in tandem with what turned out to be a potential murderer.

And wanted to film the saga of this gristly man who was to be consumed by the murderer.

But of course the whole thing was shut down by the police.

But there's some excellent footage that still survives.

Some EPK interviews. Exactly. That's correct, yes.

Great. Well, they survive as extras on a cave of forgotten dreams, bit of an Easter egg.

Okay, where do you have to go up then right then?

I'm not going to say if you find it, you find it. But the instructions are online.

Okay. That's taken some of the fun out of Easter eggs, in my opinion.

They're not very much fun to begin with. Oh, that's true.

Yes.

Well, also the regular Easter eggs. That's what I meant.

Yeah.

Actual eggs from Easter. They're not that much fun. They're just painted eggs.

Imagine if you could go online and find all your regular Easter eggs that you hit on Easter.

You know, I mean, have fun with that, Pete.

But they are lost to the mists of time, those eggs.

That's true. Never to be recovered. That's true. It's a shame, really, when you think of it.

It really is. Well, Werner, thank you so much for coming by for your regular breaking time.

See you some other time. No, you're actually going to be my co-host the entire time.

Oh, I just not realized it sounded as if you were dismissing me.

I'm not dismissing you. I'm sort of bringing this section of the show to a close.

Understood. And you'll stay on for the next several sections.

I suppose I shall. Because we have a very exciting guest making his second appearance on the show.

He's breaking his own record. Congratulations to you. Thank you.

I'm real proud. I'm breaking my own record, as a matter of fact, for how many times I've hosted this show.

Oh, yes. Previously, it had been how many?

I believe that I previously, this has been about a hundred and seventy, this is episode 173, but there's a bunch of live ones that we did.

I think I've hosted the show 200 times, I would say. That's more than anyone on the show, right?

Yeah. More than anyone has hosted this show. They're counting guest hosts.

I would say 200 minus the guest host. So I've guessed, I believe that I've hosted this more than cyber thug, even.

He hosted it about three times.

Would you ever let someone else guest host the show or those days a thing of the past?

I would. I think I might. Sometimes you shouldn't, as a matter of fact.

You should. I wish. I should. Why?

I feel as if the the the where is showing around the edges, since decay is set in as in an everly will.

You think nature has beaten me?

I think you must be on guard and you need to recharge your batteries as it were.

I think I'm better than ever. I think I'm on top. Were I to retire now?

I think I'd be on top much like Jerry Seinfeld was, you know, at Seinfeld.

Seinfeld, of course, the great example of going out on top.

Yes. How many times have you guest hosted?

Yeah. Well, that's the other problems. I feel like I've guest hosted this show probably out of those 200.

I probably guest hosted about 30 of those times.

It gets confusing. It gets very confusing.

Let me introduce you, by the way, our guest today. Second appearance on the show.

He one of the great comedians of our era in the alternative scene.

I would say and the mainstream club scene.

Mainstream club scene. Do it all.

Crowd pleaser. Crowd pleaser. Crowd. I've never seen a crowd not pleased by the end of your performance.

You know, I'm the best.

He's kind of kidding when he says that. So, you know, if you don't actually have a few more years.

I'm actually like 100%. Not kidding. Oh, okay. No, I am kidding. Of course. Of course.

Of course I'm kidding. His name is. His name is.

Tristan Terrence. I don't know. I don't know.

I like to, yeah. Especially with Burner, I want to keep him on edge a little bit.

I enjoy this cat and mouse.

Brent Weinbach is here. And Brent, I am a big fan of yours.

I've been a supporter of yours. Can we say that? Sure. Yeah , I love your support.

Ever since I saw you back, the very first time I saw you was doing a long set during Asian history comedy.

Which my wife was a cast member. I remember you.

It's strange. This is seven years ago, I think. It was in 2005, I think.

I think February or March of 2005. And I remember you in the audience and you had a beanie on.

Sounds just like me. And I think you were a little bigger than. I was more jacked.

That sounds like me. You looked thick. You were really thick.

Oh, you mean I gained the weight I gained? Yeah, in muscle.

Oh, whatever. Just for fun. Let's pretend the audience doesn't know what Asian street comedy is.

Just for fun? It would be a laugh.

That was an Asian themed sketch comedy show.

Asian themed or Asian themed? I don't know. Did you say Asia or Asian?

Yes, I thought I heard one of you say Asia themed.

Well, no, it was Asia street comedy, but it was Asian themed.

Yeah. And it had Asian people as the cast members, but then they also had comedians on who, and they're the only thing, the only criteria was that they had to be at least part Asian.

And you are part Asian. Is that correct? Yeah, I'm pretty much half Asian.

Pretty much half. All the way up to which half.

Which half? Percentage rise, would you say 50? I'm like, I 'm five sixteenths.

Bottom half, top half. I switched back and forth between the two.

You know, I'm a switch. And your name, Winebot.

Sometimes I'm a sub, sometimes I'm a Dom. A lot of people would say, what are you talking about Asian guy? His name is Winebot.

That's an Asian Filipino tribal name. You never heard that one before?

It's Muslim. But from what I can tell about human relationships is a lot of times the wife takes the man's name.

And so from what I'm guessing is your mother must be Asian.

She is a Filipino woman.

Okay. She's a grown Filipino woman. She's a grown ass Filipino woman.

Percentage rise, how Filipino is this woman?

I'd say she's 75 to 85% Filipino. It's pretty high. Yeah, it's high for a Filipino too.

I would say high, especially for a Filipino. One would say mostly Filipino.

So if you don't know Brent Winebot and you're trying to imagine him in your mind, okay?

And a lot of people, a lot of people by the way, have said to me recently, oh, I watched your TV show.

I finally know what you look like. Which, for my money, it 's like, hey, there's this thing called a computer, or computer.com, that you can just look me up on and see what I look like.

When I saw your television program for the first time, I felt a confirmation that that's what you looked like.

I had seen you in person, of course. And when I saw the television show, I felt, yes, my senses have not deceived me.

It is captured on cameras the same way that I experienced him in the night.

Through your eyeballs, yeah. I was telling you yesterday that I thought you looked great.

Thank you so much. And you looked, you're dressed very well .

You're not in the beanie on the show. But you were able to recognize me.

You're saying, I barely, I...

Brent, you're saying he used to be quite fat. I said thick.

He was quite thick.

But that's a good thing. If I understand the... He looked good, he was thick.

So what I'm trying to say though is if people are trying to visualize you in their minds, don't visualize some Asian guy.

Visualize like a Jewish guy with Asian eyes. Oh, is that how you think of it?

Yeah, that's what I think of you. I like that. No, I like that. That makes me feel cute.

You're saying that's what pops into your mind when someone says the name, Prince Wine, but you immediately think Jewish guy with Asian eyes.

Yeah, exactly. And then I go, oh yeah, I know that guy.

Yeah.

But you are, and we're joking around here, but let's cease that right now. And I love to joke.

I mean... Enough. But enough. Exactly.

You are one of my favorite comedians. I have you on the live show at UCB all the time.

Since that seven years, I've constantly exploited your talent.

Yeah, I love your stuff. And you're kind of a surrealist comedian in a way.

You do a lot of performance art type stuff. I don't know.

I mean, I don't really do comedy. It's just performance art . It's just art.

It's just art. It's just art. It's just art. And the reason you're here is because you have an album coming out, which is a great way to get introduced to Brian.

Well, as you know, my mother is mostly Filipino. My album is called Mostly Live.

Oh, okay. Ironic. Explain.

Well, it's because basically most of the album is in front of a live audience.

My suspicions are confirmed.

So you recorded a whole bunch of dates or one date in particular in Los Angeles.

And it's all here's the thing, even if you don't unlike the previous two albums of mine, which a lot were mostly not live, this album is live.

And so even if you don't get the jokes, you'll still laugh anyway because people are laughing on the album.

Yeah. And that will force you to think it's funny.

So for the people who have given you two chances.

And to do this right, to do it live.

To do this correctly and you have not enjoyed it. You're saying perhaps this third time would be the charm.

Because they have a sort of guiding vocal track of other people's laughter.

Yes. I think that, you know, because you know how it's hard to think for yourself and be individualistic.

It's almost possible. You know what I mean?

I guess so. So I think that...

So how does thing that...

I'm coming around to your way of thinking.

I think that once you allow yourself to be influenced more by other people's opinions and just go, you know, if you become more of a sheep, so to speak, I think it's easier to enjoy my albums.

I mean, particularly this third one.

Yeah, great.

So if you're easily controlled.

Yeah. I think if you're like the 50% of America who thinks Obama is doing a good job.

Okay. Yeah. I went there.

I didn't know this was going to be a...

Hey man.

This is an edgy show.

This is edgy.

All right. I didn't know this is an edgy alternative comedy .

You can get edgy on this show, all right, man?

So I can say bad words on the show?

You feel free.

Well, I don't say bad words.

Great.

But the truth is, I want this album to sell well.

That's why I had an audience laughter on it.

A laugh track basically can laughter because I want it to sell.

I need copies to sell so that it could finance my true passion, which is...

Comedy, right? What do you mean?

Well, you're obviously a comedian.

That must be a true passion.

Well, I mean, I'm passionate about using that as a way to finance my ultimate passion, which is not comedy.

It is R&B music.

Are rhythm and blues, rhythm and go a little fashion and rhythm and blues.

Oh, okay.

So what are you playing?

So...

I'm a vocalist.

Oh, you're a folk?

Oh.

Yeah, you didn't know that about me?

No, I mean...

I did know that about you.

Yeah, you did.

Yeah, Werner did his homework.

I did my homework.

Sorry.

Well, you know.

I never enter a room without knowing everything about the people with whom I will be sharing space in that room.

Yeah, what do you know about me?

Everything.

What?

Absolutely everything.

What?

The more I spend time in a room with you, the more I am forced to learn about you.

Oh, God.

What's Scott's deepest, darkest secret?

He is afraid of not dying alone.

He's afraid someone else will be there.

Yeah.

What's my secret?

I know a secret about you, but I do not know all of you.

He hasn't spent as much time with you as he has with me.

Yeah.

What's his, but I'd love to hear one secret about Brent.

You are one quarter Spanish.

Whoa, this guy knows.

It's true.

That is very true.

Wow.

So that must be your father is half Spanish.

It's a combination of that remaining percentage of my mother and a small percentage of the father.

Of the father.

So wait a minute.

I'm just trying to process all of this here right now because I learned something weird about Werner, but I also learned something very bizarre about you, which is that you want to be a singer and R&B singer.

I mean, I don't want to.

It's not that I want to be.

I am.

You actually are.

You're not a one.

Well, and also you have no choice in the matter.

You are driven to do this like a mania.

I mean, I can't fight who I am.

This is what art is, is that we have no control over these impulses.

We are like children who wish to play, who wish to create, who will not listen to reason because our brains are not as fully formed as other peoples.

This is what artists are.

Wow.

I never really thought maybe I'm not an artist because I just enjoy myself here.

You are.

You are an artist.

I can do you an artist.

You're like a big dumb baby.

Thank you so much.

Well, that's great, Brent.

Good luck with that.

I mean, obviously you probably don't want to hear something .

I would love to.

I just don't want to press you into this.

I mean, obviously you're not.

I mean, you should be told I'm pretty bashful about it in settings like this.

Right.

I'm kind of used to podcast recordings.

Yeah, I'm not.

I don't really.

But that's okay.

You'll be kind of shy when it comes to, you know, I mean, especially when we have an acclaimed director here and, you know, I mean, I'm not so.

I've directed a couple of people.

I am.

You're very good.

And then, you know, in Verner's here as well.

Ha ha.

Thank you.

I'm going to be doing a R&B music to put in my next film.

Really?

Is it about the R&B scene or is it just?

Yes, of course it is.

Of course.

It's a biopic of Marvin Gaye.

Hmmm.

We at Klaus Kinske will be portraying Marvin Gaye in this.

Klaus Kinske is no longer with us.

Yeah.

No, but it's a strange and my greatest enemy.

But through the, you know, the miracle of...

Oh, like a CGI Tupac.

Yeah.

There will be a cloned, Klaus Kinske.

Yes.

But do you want to...

It would be the same.

Cloned Kinske.

Oh my God.

This is breaking news.

You have a cloned Kinske.

Well, it's going to be kind of like a Tupac hologram, but it's a...

But made a flesh and bone.

Yeah.

And with a soul.

And with a soul, has the ability to murder and to be murdered.

Oh my gosh.

This is amazing stuff.

Which is what defines humanity.

Sure, yeah, of course.

We are both able to murder and able to be murdered.

Yeah.

Have you ever thought about someone like, I don't know, I know this is a cliche, but Stephen Hawking, who's, you know, paralyzed.

Can he murder someone?

Yes, absolutely.

He can.

How does he do it?

Using his wondrous brain, he is able to concoct various murder schemes.

He would be able to, well, at the very least, be able to run over someone's neck with his wheelchair.

But he could also, through logic and reason, convince someone that they should take their own life, which still would be murder.

He'd be committing murder.

If he just asked the most scientific question in the world that just made someone kill themselves, boy, you're right.

He's probably the most dangerous man alive now that I think about it.

He absolutely 100% is.

Oh my gosh.

Well, you know, Brent, all right, well, obviously you don't want to do this.

He's also three quarters Filipino.

I knew that.

But obviously you don't want to sing.

I mean, look, the truth is I'm just used to sort of, I'm used to sort of more sort of stadium settings and that sort of thing.

And I just, I mean, I can, I mean, look, I did bring a little set list here.

Okay.

I mean, I don't have to, I didn't have to, you know, I don 't have to do it if you don't.

I mean, I don't know.

I would love to hear it, but I don't.

But I don't.

You guys want to hear it?

I would very much like to hear these already.

He's doing a little research.

I just enjoy R&B.

So, all right, look, I'll sing a couple songs.

Everybody wins.

And, you know, these are originals.

And, you know, maybe I'll do one cover at one point.

If you guys are.

See, Ojko's.

Yeah.

See how it goes.

And if you guys want to, you know, join in or whatever you 're familiar with.

I mean, I don't know.

I know Verner's maybe more familiar.

Well, you say they're originals.

So, I don't know how we would be familiar with it.

But, okay.

Okay.

I just wrote this one.

So, feel free to join in.

Okay.

All right.

This is called, why don't you come to my house?

Oh, okay.

All right.

Let me.

Okay.

why don't you come to my house?

I'll be waiting all the time in everybody if I know something in a megame and herre wavelength resting up MJ and rather Mathieu examples Mathieu pimp and choomeat more hotion I'm gonna make you breakfast gonna make you brrrrrr. Thank you. Oh, that's the oh my gosh. That was fantastic now.

It seemed to me like the lyrics took a turn there in the middle. It started out almost as an invitation, is that fair to say?

According to me. Thank you. Well, you are the judge, jury and executioner. But then it turned into gibberish and then you were just repeating Machu Picchu over and over, which is a mountain range.

I was afraid at certain points that I was not picking up every line of dialogue, but then there was a moment where clearly you were just saying Machu Picchu over and over again.

Yeah. And then you segued into wanting to make someone, I thought it was gonna be pregnant, but it was just make someone breakfast.

Well, it comes back full circle to an invitation. Yeah.

Right. Wanna make you breakfast and then motion is the last word.

Well, motion was basically about motion. I guess the motion of somebody coming over to my house and the motion of me making breakfast for that person.

It is true that being in someone's house must be achieved through motion.

Well, do you have another song? Well, I got this one called In the House Tonight.

In the house tonight, this one sounds like a keeper. This one you guys should join along. We can get the clap going.

Oh, okay. I'll start it off and then we can get into it. If you guys want to sing it along, it's pretty easy.

Great and easy to learn song. It goes like this.

Christian Finnegan in the house tonight, one love.

It's just about to join in. It's so close. Didn't realize we were winding down.

Oncour verse, Christian Finnegan in the house tonight, one love.

That's a guy like that one. It's a very specific song. It is. Which house are you talking about?

Oh, not too specific. Oh, no, the house is mentioned. It's the Melrose improv.

Oh, that's the house I'm talking about. Wow. So, let's see.

I got a track here called Cool Days. Cool Days. Cool Days.

Sounds like a summertime jam.

This is another one you guys can participate in. It is a summertime jam. It's a summertime situation right now.

I guess those would be hot days, technically. I didn't want to say anything.

No, no, no. But I considered summer to be cool. No, no. It 's the desire for cool days that we carry with us all throughout the dog days of summer.

And it's nature beating us down with its heat. This is exactly right.

And also, again, maybe it's not necessarily the temperature , but just the feeling of cool. Cool people. Cool days.

Right. Okay. So, but look, listen to the song before you speak because there's more to the lyrics than just cool days.

Keep your mouth shutters. Sorry. All right. Here we go. All right. So, and this one you guys, you can join in. I'll tell you when to join in.

Sorry. Here we go. That would be helpful because the other songs, I wasn't quite sure when would be a good time to join the year.

I thought you guys were your most. I thought that was perfect for you to come on on the encore verse because that was, I don't know, it just made sense. All right.

Here we go. All right. This is more of a. All right. Here we go. Cool Days. Red Hot Nights. Gonna party, baby. It's all right. It's all right.

Cool Days. Red Hot Nights. I love LA. So, pop open the shot and a pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.

Yeah. That's it. That's when you guys will play. Oh, that's when the popping part. Yeah. You seem to make eye contact with us. I did the part of the popping.

And so, I assumed this was the time for us to join in. Okay . All right. Then it was over. And you guys have to do this with your, with our thumbs.

Yeah. You have to do the popping. Should we start over?

Yeah. I'll get it going. I'll get it going. There's a slight variation, but all right.

And if you want to join in on, it's all right. That's a good part. Okay. Great. Cool Days. Red Hot Nights. Gonna party, baby. It's all right. It's all right.

Cool days, Red hot nights.

I love it, like, so pop up in the shot naked pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop!

Kid.

Great, that was great.

Wow.

I ceased making the popping sound effect.

Well, in advance of the end of the song, I hope I have not damaged it in the song.

No, I thought that provided a nice fade out.

Yeah.

So to speak.

It was good.

It was a nice fade.

Did we record that?

I hope we recorded that.

Gosh, that was a good take.

Maybe your listeners can write in and tell us if it is recording.

Yeah, boy, that was good.

I hope we got that down.

Good stuff.

Anyway, one last one.

I don't know.

I mean, all right, we'll do just this last one here.

This is called Big Brown Eyes.

Big Brown Eyes.

Oh, good.

I was hoping you would do Big Brown Eyes.

Yeah, you know all the songs, obviously.

I know some of them.

Only some.

I know all of your songs.

Oh, God.

Yeah, that's great.

So, all right, this one's called Big Brown Eyes.

It goes like this.

Every time I go to the bathroom, I see your face, baby.

And I don't know why I'm looking in the toilet.

And I see you looking up at me with this big brown eyes.

Brown eyes, brown eyes.

Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.

Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.

Okay, good, oh, that is a very similar end to the other song.

That was a very similar end to the other song.

Ooh, I was glad I was ready with those pops.

As good as work.

Good to work.

You guys are really learning.

To do something to do with the thumbs-in-the-something.

Well, thank you, Brad.

That's great stuff.

Thank you.

So by the album, so you can hear more of this.

I'm going to be a little bit more of a little bit more of a bit more of a bit more of a bit.

I'm going to be a little bit more of a bit more of a bit more of a bit more of a bit.

I'm going to be a little bit more of a bit more of a bit more of a bit more of a bit more.

and it's PG-13. So if you're under 13 don't come and if you 're 14, it's you probably it might be a discussion you want to have with your parents or you allowed to see PG-13 movies. But anyway, anyway if you're 15 you're probably safe. Oh God.

Premium, premium rush.

Scott Jeffrey, you asked me to say all this. I'm getting paid to say all this. Music by David Sarti. Music by David Sarti.

That was a great read. Really solid read. Really solid read . Wow. Thanks.

I felt like I was in the theater. Now I'm going to let you go on. I'm not going to interrupt your show. I wanted to make sure though that the show that premium rush is represented in the show. So you 're going to stick around for the rest of the show?

Yeah, because now I put my name on it. The movies name on it, I want to make sure that everything you say is kind of approved.

You know, it's sort of like you wouldn't screen Jack and Jill at the White House because that would mean that President Barack Obama believes in coffee.

Boy, the things that he believes in. That's another show probably. This man. 50% of America is getting duped.

Okay, anyway, I'm going to say that that's something that we here at the studio don't agree with. Joseph Gordon Lev itt, a staunch liberal.

Oh wait, should I have talked about that in the in the spot ? You're going to do that in the mid the midpoint.

The midroll? Maybe I should just lay it down now because it 's on my mind. Okay, here we go. Ready?

Hey everybody, premium rush is in theaters. Joseph Gordon Levitt, he's one of those liberal loonies who thinks that's cut.

He's not a liberal loony. He is spoiler alert. He's Robin.

He is not a liberal loony.

Oh, he's Robin from the Batman movies? In this, I think he might be. Oh, wait, in the premium rush, he's also Robin?

Look, I'm not saying anything. Why don't you go to the movie theater and you make your own judgment? When I heard about it, I think he might be Robin from the Batman movie.

I mean, it makes sense. It's a sequel to some movie. Yeah, go ahead.

Ask a question. Yeah, go ahead. You're not sure if Joseph Gordon Levitt plays Robin from the Batman movies in premium rush?

Yes, that's right. I haven't seen it. You haven't even seen the movie? No, I've not seen the movie, but I hear it's great.

The posters look fantastic. You know, it looks like it's a fun ride. What do you know what the movie is about?

The premium rush movie? Yes, we're still talking about that .

I know it's produced by Gavin Plone and it's coming out August 24th and I think it's going to be a hell of a ride.

You seem to just be reading these facts on your telephone.

You know, again, I don't want to get into what I know about the movie. I have a very busy life.

I'm currently going through a divorce and I haven't gotten a chance to see the picture, but I would love to see it.

I'm so sorry. You know what? She was a bitch.

How long were you married to this bitch? 17 years. 17 long years.

Wait, she was... You didn't like her the whole time?

I'm going to tell you, I knew we were off to her on the first week. She changed. Totally changed.

First week of marriage or first week of marriage?

Oh, God.

But then she got pregnant and I was like, we got to stick it out for the kids.

And you know, on my daughter's 17th birthday, she became pregnant in the first week that she was married.

Rod Dog, bro. Always. That's why I got married.

Just because, you know what? That's why I like it.

So wait, you left your daughter on her 17th birthday one week or one year rather before she graduated high school?

Yeah, because she can handle that. She's in all the stuff.

We stuck it out for the kids until one year before they're adults.

Yeah, she can go, you know, now it's fun for her to come to my house. We can talk about whatever.

I say, tease her.

Rod Dog and it.

Hey, you know, she's my daughter. You know, I better be careful. That's a good thing you say that.

What?

You know, just saying my daughter, you know, she like father like daughter, you know.

Oh, okay.

She likes to raw dog it too. Oh, boy.

All right. Well, something that you have discussed with each other.

That's all they discussed. Yeah. We talk about it all the time. You know, guys get a bad rap, you know, but girl, there are female condoms.

She won't wear them. She says, nope.

They're impossible to put in.

Yeah. That's what she says.

That's what she says or that's what she said.

You know, it works. It actually works for both. That's actually what she says. My daughter says.

And if you know, if you said that and I was a, you know, we 're working around the Paramount, I could say.

Yeah, that's what she says. Right.

Well, do I have to do any more spots here or?

I just want you to just sell a movie. What do you think it 's about?

You have you have something.

I thought maybe he could use more heavy breathing. You know , that was a note that you had earlier.

You're on this guy's side now.

Thank you, Brad.

He's very charismatic. Thank you.

All right. If you have an album coming out, get behind that , you know, what?

He does actually as an album coming out next week. Maybe we could do a commercial for that.

Yeah. Well, well, give me some facts about one of the album drop.

September 4th.

Oh, that's a rough day.

Does that work reasonably?

Yeah. Why is that an unfortunate time for an album to be released?

It brings up some bad stuff in my life.

Oh, okay. Yeah.

Okay. What happened on September 4th?

Well, September 4th, 2011. I was actually September 4th, 2001.

Okay. Ten years earlier.

Yeah. I was living in New York at the time.

And it was a, you know, before things, everything after this day really changed for me.

Yeah.

There was a local coffee shop on my corner.

And they always had the best coffee. I thought they always had the best coffee.

Yeah. And I went in there and I asked for a hazelnut.

And they gave me this French vanilla that I still tasted to this day.

That just that...

Hard to get it out of your mouth.

Yeah. You know, because of what they do is they don't, these guys, I don't even want to get into it.

It upsets me.

Yeah.

I moved out of New York after that. September 4th, 2001.

Oh, really? Where was your office before then?

It was right down, it was downtown off the red line.

It was, god damn, where was it?

It was... I got off downtown.

You know, I'm always a busy guy.

So, you know, you think an elevator up to...

Kind of south and...

Yeah, it was south. It was... Oh, is in that building.

And I can't remember it. The new King Kong remake.

Not the one that Peter Jackson won. The one with...

Jeff Bridges?

Yes.

It was in there. It was in that one.

Yeah, the world trades.

Look, it seems to me like these guys did you a favor that you got out of New York.

And you're treating me...

Favour? French vanilla? What do I look like?

Jacques Cousteau?

I'm just joking. You guys do the comedy.

I'm not a French guy. I like Hazelnut Coffee.

No, thank you, French Vanilla.

Anyway, Premium Rush is a great movie.

If I may be clear, you moved out of New York City because you were given a cup of French vanilla coffee.

I won't be treated like that.

I won't be disrespected like that.

You could have just not returned to the coffee shop.

Yeah. And then they won.

You know what? Then these coffee...

Terrorists win.

And that's in, you know, and at the end of the day, I'm not doing that.

So I picked my wife up.

She was running a successful art gallery at the time.

Stuff she did. Crazy stuff.

Hats that look like vaginas. I didn't even understand it.

And so we packed up. We brought the kid. We did it.

Now we're here.

Oh, you moved here. We moved here. We moved down to the pal isades.

Is your wife still have a business out here?

You know, I told her. I said, look, you can do that art shit in New York.

LA, no one's going to get it.

Sounds seems to me like...

What?

She has a legitimate beef with you.

My wife?

Wait. Wait. What did you just say?

My wife?

Wait. Hold on. Did I hear that correctly?

Do you want me to say it?

All right. Look, you know, you're probably referencing the fact that I came up with that slogan for Borat, right?

You mean...

My wife!

Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

You know, look, I watched a rough cut of Borat, the movie.

Uh-huh.

Because it is good. And he's more catch-wise.

Good is the enemy of great.

Amen, brother. Amen.

That's what we have. We have a great movie right here, Premium Rush.

You know, the...

You know, so I gave Borat that cut of...

Anyway, my wife now, she's happy.

She's like...

Who is the actor who portrays Borat?

Uh...

Borat, right? Is that his name?

Yeah. He starred in the movie Borat.

Yeah. I don't know.

Is it documentary movie Borat?

Yeah, but he also starred in that movie Bruno.

Borat was in that movie Bruno.

Yeah, Borat was the star...

And the dictator. He was in that movie.

I love that. Look, I love this guy. He's a...

Foreign guy. He's a funny guy. He's weird.

He's funny. He's funny. He's funny. He's funny.

He's not just foreign. He's like a weirder Ben Kingsley.

That's why I like him. He's like, Hey, Ben! You know, it's like, I got a funny Ben Kingsley over here.

You know, that's what we got to do.

That used to be Ben Kingsley's nickname, by the way.

It was weird Ben Kingsley.

I wouldn't doubt it.

You know, it isn't weird, though.

And what you also don't doubt.

Yeah, I take a guess as to what maybe isn't weird.

Yeah, sure.

The film Premium Rush.

Amen, brother. Amen.

We're going to ride like Kellen August 24th.

We're going to have a lot of fun.

You know, JGL, which a lot of you know, is, you know, I love that guy.

I love him. 50 Shades of Grey. I love that movie he was in.

Mmm.

Or, you know, with the new girl.

The new girl. 50 Shades of Grey.

500 Shades of Grey.

Yeah, whatever. Days of Summer.

Yeah, whatever.

Oh, okay.

I love that movie. I loved him in that.

You don't know a lot about film films in general, it seems like.

It's seen three films.

Oh.

The Borat movie.

Great.

You saw a rough cut of that.

Rough. Early. Early. Early.

So it seems to me like you don't have a love of cinema, but you got in really on the early tip on that one.

I don't get it.

I don't get what people get in escapism to tell you the truth.

I never, I never have been a big proponent of books.

I've never been a proponent of television, movies, all this, this is fantasy.

If you were to see Premium Rush, you wouldn't even like it.

No, but I'm not a lemon, like, you know, whoever's listening to this, you know, they're going to love it.

They're like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, this guy's on a bike.

He's a little fast.

Yeah.

You have made it to your occupation to get people to see these things that you yourself are very dismissive of.

How do you justify that?

How do you, how do you live your life knowing that you are advising people to do a thing that you do not want to do?

I'll show you my bank account, and then we'll talk.

Oh, I'd love to see it.

Yeah, it's a Chase Bank account.

Oh, do you have the number?

Right now, offhand?

Yeah, yeah.

I got the last four digits if you need it.

Could I get the first one?

Hey, this guy, no, no, you can't.

That's my classic long con.

Look, Werner, you're an artist, right?

Yes, I like to consider myself an artist.

I got a saying.

I don't smell them.

I sell them, okay?

The minute I start smelling them is the minute I can't sell them, all right, because, you know, what do you care?

I know how to sell, you know, you know how to make the art.

Hey, time to make the donuts?

Guess what?

I'm the guy who opens up the Dunkin' Donuts.

That's the art in commerce right there.

What were the other two movies that you smelled other than Borat?

The ones I, all right, well, it's a mad, mad, mad world.

Great one.

From the 60s.

Yes.

Starring Buddy Hackett and a cavalcade of stars.

A great movie, great, great, great film.

No, no, no, no.

And Rhinestone.

Yeah.

From the 80s.

Yeah, with Sylvester Stallone and Dolly Parton.

Great movie.

Fantastic.

I mean that...

Seriously, you've seen a movie every 20 years.

I guess.

I mean, I haven't done the math on it, nor...

Although, did you see these movies when they appeared in theaters, or did you see them all in one day at a revival house?

No, I saw them drive both at Drive-ins.

Borat did not see it at Drive-ins.

You saw the earlier ones.

Yeah, it's on the earlier ones.

Yeah, rough cuts.

Yeah, yeah.

But anyway, so...

So you were just driven to these movies not of your own vol ition, in other words, because you don't like movies?

One time was a girl I was dating, another time it was a family issue that cropped up.

Family issue, the cropped up where you would have to go to a drive-in?

It's just going to a drive-in movie theater.

My father owned a chain of driving movies.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Here come the waterworks.

Well, basically, you know, he got four clothes.

He got shut down.

Because, you know, no one was going to the drive-ins.

So you had to go there to try to save it, but meanwhile they were showing rhinestone?

I was actually going over there to try to, you know, undercut some of the other buyers, because I wanted to get that real estate.

Well, you wanted to buy it out from under your dad?

Yeah.

You, I don't know.

I put on a fake mustache and a hat.

He didn't even know it was me.

And now we've turned that into, like, a really nice, really nice condos.

And they're great.

They're fantastic outlook.

It's a great little community.

It's a fun community.

It's a young community.

It's a really good community.

Well, this one is located in New Mexico.

Mm-hmm.

Really great time off of Chica Pee Lane.

I don't know if you're familiar with, with New Mexico, but that's where it is.

It's off of the 197.

I'm not overly familiar with New Mexico, but I do know Ch ica Pee Lane.

Yes.

We all know Chica Pee Lane.

It's a wonderful street.

And you know what else is a wonderful street.

All the streets that premium Rush take place on.

Exactly.

And that move does place, take place in New York City, which makes it hip and makes it cool.

It makes it edgy.

Michael Shannon, he's going to be the new Zod.

You like Jamie Chung?

She was in Hangover, too.

This is the kind of movie.

It's a movie for everybody.

Superman people like Hangover.

And it also has Danny Ramirez, who everyone, you know, is a fan of, especially in the Latino community.

And we always try to put one of those in every one of our movies.

One of those?

Mm-hmm.

What?

Do you mean a Latino person?

What about a mostly Filipino person?

I'll take it.

Start Jeff Frisma, ask you a question.

Yeah, go ahead.

Have you ever witnessed a surgery and seen the inside of a human body?

God, let me think about this.

Dentistry, count, knock out.

I'll allow it.

Yeah, I saw a dent.

I saw open heart surgery and I saw Rookanell.

So why do you need to narrow it?

All right.

I just didn't know why it would be specific.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, Scott, thank you so much for coming.

Are you going to stick around the entire show?

Are you?

Yeah, like I said, I just want to make sure that everything 's on the up and up.

All right.

Well, we have to.

Yeah.

I just wanted to let you know that Dania Ramirez, you know her from Alex and Entourage.

So if you like Entourage, she's great.

You know her as Herrera and heroes.

Great.

You know her in the last season, Sopranos, and she played Costello in the X-Men last end.

That's what you're going to get from this movie.

You're going to get all these Costellins.

So if you like X-Men, Entourage, Sopranos, you'll like this movie.

And you have that descent.

You're going to like her.

You got to support.

You got to support your people.

You know what?

Let me see if I will enjoy this movie.

I liked Superman.

Yeah.

You loved Superman.

You called me up after Superman, by the way.

It's true.

I did like Gaga.

You were the first person that I called.

I appreciated that.

Yeah.

I liked Superman.

Got it.

I liked X-Men first class.

I liked the idea of a Hangover 3.

All these so far.

The final season of the Sopranos, the first season of Ent ourage, will I like this movie?

There's going to be parts for this that you're going to love.

I'm going to say unequivocally you're going to love them.

Where you're going to come into trouble is if you're looking for that first season entourage, you're not going to love it so much.

No, because this girl was on the second elasties.

The second last.

She's the girl that turtle.

Turns onto the tequila.

Yeah.

From what I read.

So you're going to have to close one of your eyes during part of the movie whenever she's doing what she kind of did during that season of Entourage.

Is there a way I can manipulate my own eyelids to enjoy the entire film?

Oh.

Technically, yeah.

Do you need a special drug for that?

No, I have an app.

I do.

It's an app that kind of syncs up your eyes in a blinking formation.

It will start to, you'll have to have a blink.

It's a tough procedure.

Is it like a mastering Pac-Man?

You have to learn a pattern to blink in and then you sort of track Pac-Man?

Yeah.

Pac-Man, video game Pac-Man.

The most famous video game of all time.

Come to a video game.

I have not heard of it, but I'm going to put it on my list of two.

All right, so Pac- Is it Pac-P?

K.

No, that's where a lot of people get.

The Jewish game?

I don't know, Brent.

Is it a Jewish game?

It's a Filipino.

A Filipino.

That's what I've heard of that.

All right, well, can I find out where I stand on this film?

Yeah, go ahead.

Okay, these are the movies I liked.

I liked High School Musical.

Uh-huh.

I liked High School Musical 2.

Got it.

And I liked High School Musical 3.

Got it.

And will he like premium Rush?

Well, you didn't ask me the number one question.

What's the number one question?

It's the number one question.

You guys like to ride like hell.

Oh, yeah.

Brent, do you like to ride like hell?

Yeah, well, like hell I do.

Oh, okay.

You're going to laugh.

That's the thing everyone likes to ride like hell.

It's a premium Rush.

I mean, that's the thing.

You think it's a bike messenger movie.

You know, I'm going to talk about this one, this lawsuit we have with Quicksilver.

I didn't see that movie either.

It's not the same thing.

Yeah.

Okay.

Oh, wow.

I thought you were going to go into this.

All right, well, tell you what, why don't we take a break?

When we come back, we'll have more Werner, more Brent.

And I guess Scott Jeffries is going to make sure that the show goes okay.

Ride like hell.

We'll be right back.

Yeah.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here with Werner Herzog and we're back with Brent Weinbach, official guests.

And we also have a guy.

Scott Jeffries.

Unofficial guest.

Oh yeah.

Well, not an official guest.

I gave you this podcast over $3,000.

You talk about a great movie.

It's coming out August 24th.

You don't have to talk about it.

It's the premier role.

How much over $3,000 was given?

$3,000.

Yeah.

How much money did you earn for promoting Bad Lieutenant Port of Call New Orleans?

That was a tougher sell.

Podcasts were not as popular at that point.

We did get something on the Kevin Paul Chateau.

And that was, you know, and at that point, we had to get Sam Levine to actually do a live read.

Sam Levine did a live read of it and he did it.

Did they have to tilt the camera down?

Hey, look, I didn't watch the video portion of it.

I just listened to the audio portion.

Sam had a dedicated camera angle, if I recall.

He read four lines from the film.

He did a great job with it.

We tried to get Nick on WTF and Mark, you know, Mark, you know, that's the thing.

Mark and him ever have a beef.

Yeah, they have a beef.

Yes.

And it goes back to something I guess Nick Cage came to.

Mark will only apologize to him on the show.

Exactly.

He just wanted a phone call and that was the thing.

But, you know, but that's the way it goes in the podcast.

But now there's a lot more podcasts, you know, and we're doing the full Apple Sisters take over this week.

So it's going to have the entire cast of Ride Like Hell in the Apple Sisters.

We're taking the Apple Sisters.

It's going to ask this bicycle about God, it's going to ask about sex, it's going to ask it about comedy, it's going to be great.

Okay.

So can that specific episode be called You Made It Weird, My Bicycle?

Can I take that from you without having to pay you?

All right, thank you very much.

Yeah, we'll definitely do that.

All right.

Yeah, so we're just taking over.

We're doing a podcast, we're doing a small cast takeover too, calling it Rushcast.

Rushcast.

And that's all day.

What about Rush Limbaugh?

Maybe you could take over.

I mean, that seems like a marketing dream to me.

I don't want to get into politics.

Well, I mean, he's got a lot of really good things to say, in my opinion.

Rush.

Oh, Rush, because you got the Democrats out there like trying to cover their butts.

And meanwhile, old Rush catches them in the act.

Look, Rush did damage to one of the movies I worked on, which was- Damage?

Yeah, he did a lot of damage.

He called out this thing, you know, Chris Vrenola.

Chris Vrenola, one of the best directors out there.

I mean, again, I haven't seen him as movies, great director , but he called out this whole thing.

That would be funny, you know, to do this whole thing about Bane being the villain, Bane Capital.

Rush caught it.

And you know, and this movie didn't do as good.

It didn't perform.

People didn't want to go see the Dark Knight rises because of this.

They made it a political thing.

This is supposed to be an inside joke.

I think people were avoiding it for another reason.

So you feel as if the Dark Knight rises performed disappointingly at the box office?

Yes, because of the Bane Capital thing that Rush did.

You know, he got the word out, made it a political movie.

He's just calling him like he sees him, and that's what Rush does.

Well, that's, you know, Rush maybe is a little bit too good at his job.

Yeah.

Yeah, he's too good for.

That's the word on Rush Limbaugh.

All right, guys.

So we just have one more feature on the show, and that is a little something called Wood You Rather Scott, you got the, you got the, oh, you got the one I sent you.

Why not?

Yeah, the Wood You Rather would you rather get on a New York City bicycle after picking up an envelope from Columbia University while a dirty cop desperate to get his hands on this envelope chases you, or would you like to live in a hole and not have any friends because you have nothing to talk about?

Go.

I guess the farmer?

Yeah, then you've just been rushed.

Oh, man.

Ride like hell.

It's a premium rush.

You walked directly into his trap.

I've been had by the best.

I wanted to warn you, but I was also amused at seeing how it played out.

I do want to name just one.

This is like, you know, you guys like film stuff.

You talk about film on this sometimes.

Yeah.

Joseph Gordon Love Its character is his name is Wiley.

How funny is that, right?

Oh, why?

Because he can't, they can't catch.

Wiley Coyote, what?

I guess.

Okay.

And then Michael Shannon's Bobby Monday.

I don't understand that reference, but I think it's good.

I bet that film might take place on a Monday.

It could be a day of the week.

Yeah, I love it.

I love it.

Okay, go ahead.

Would you rather.

All right, we all know how this is played.

People sent me would you rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBB, WIR comedy bang, would you rather and I read them out loud and we'll open the floor for questions and we'll figure it out.

We'll hash it up.

Brent, if you ever play this, when you last time you're on the program?

No.

All right.

Well, we're going to enjoy this.

Yeah, we're going to enjoy this.

All right.

So this is sent to us from Carly D at Carly Dean.

She asks, would you rather, I'm assuming it's a girl, by the way, because it ends in eye.

Carly does.

Would you rather live in a post multi day music series port a potty?

Would you rather live in a post multi day music series port a potty or get a hundred mosquito bites daily?

Would you rather live in a porta potty that is post multi day music series or get a hundred mosquito bites daily?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

I have a question.

Yes, of course.

Werner.

The first scenario.

Yes.

What do any of those words mean in connection with each other?

He got it.

He got it right there.

I have no idea what.

Those words I didn't understand.

Meaning Coachella basically is like three days, right?

Yeah.

And they have porta pottys there.

Would you rather live in those porta pottys that have been through that music festival?

I see.

I just thought there might have not been poo in there because it was something post.

No, no.

But it was after.

Yeah.

And what's the second snow?

Or get a hundred mosquito bites daily.

Here's my question about the mosquito bites.

Here we go.

Do you wake up with them or do you get them throughout the day?

I think you get them in the normal proportion to the day.

So you're sleeping what?

Maybe a third of the day?

So you're getting 33 and a third bites during this during the night.

But then when you're up and about, are bugs flying around you biting you?

Or are you just getting raised bites all over your body?

No, they're flying around you and they're big too.

They're like those southern mosquitoes that my old grandma used to talk about.

Oh man, I wish I had a bicycle because I would ride away from those mosquitoes just like Wily does in premium rush.

I have a question.

Yes, Werner.

In the first scenario, how long after the music festival am I living in these porta parties because if it is far in the future, perhaps the od ors have evaporated and any excrement and urine that are in these porta parties is of no more threat or trouble to me.

You were living there for the rest of your life.

However, you're in a hermetically sealed environment and all those odors will stay in that environment.

So it's right after the concert.

Yes, so there's basically this poo.

Yeah, sure.

Oh, there's all sorts of stuff going on in there.

Now, let me ask you this.

Is there being excrement in the porta party?

Is that a good thing or a bad thing for us?

I'm not sure what you mean.

How would it be a good thing for you?

Let me rephrase.

OK.

Do I like it?

Oh, I see it.

OK.

Are you have a fetish in a word?

Like, do we have a fetish for poo?

Are we into it or are we disgusted by it?

Oh, this brings a big question for me.

OK.

Are we all in this together?

Yeah, whatever you choose, the three of you are best friends.

Good to know.

OK, that's good to know.

Let me ask you a question.

Can you decorate the porta party?

You are allowed one refrigerator magnet and one picture from your child draw in kindergarten.

Now, does that mean that we get three pictures and three refrigerator magnets?

Because you're all best friends?

Yeah.

One for each of us, right?

Yeah, it's sort of like a three minute, a little lady.

Oh, how do you...

How do we want then?

We voted that one of us gets three of each item.

No.

You just get one.

It's a three minute, a little lady situation where you're three men sharing a little lady.

Now, what's our...

Is there a little lady in this porta party that we call our home?

Yes, you're all best friends and you have a child, a little lady who's a kindergarten student and you're all living in this porta party.

Now, there's no scenario in which, you know, say a bicycl ist could rescue us from this porta party, right?

I don't think so.

No, I didn't...

Only in the movies.

But that's why we go to the movies, right?

August 24th, the Supreme Year in Rush.

Yes, go ahead.

What if the cyclists were to ride like him?

Then...

Yes.

I don't think that he would still be able to get there in time.

So I'll ask the same question for the mosquito bites.

Yeah.

Could you ride away from the mosquitoes?

Like hell?

Like hell on Joseph Gordon Levitt's bicycle.

Which he did in production crash into a real window, cut open his arm, got 31 stitches.

Oh, wow.

I kind of am interested in saying that.

His own stunts.

No, unfortunately, the mosquitoes also have bicycles.

Does it...

If the mosquitoes were to...

Yes, the cool idea.

Do we get sucked by the same mosquito?

You mean all three of you?

Yeah.

As best friends?

Yeah, as best friends if we share the same...

Is the little lady in that scenario?

Yes, she's in both scenarios.

She sucks all of us.

Now is that the same...

The little lady doesn't...

No, I know.

The mosquitoes.

The mosquitoes that we might refer to as the little lady in that scenario.

No, you each have your own mosquitoes.

Oh, we do?

Yeah, you...

So you each have 100 mosquitoes.

Sharing the same mosquito won't be like sharing the same needle.

No, exactly.

You have your own mosquito.

So sterile.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So basically it's a smore of a sterile situation.

More of a sterile...

And by the way, you do not enjoy the poo in the first time.

We never got to your question.

Good, because I didn't...

I didn't...

I like that.

I need to...

I need to un-line something.

Yeah.

Day one?

Mm-hmm.

You imagine when you're getting bit.

You're like, oh damn, oh damn, oh damn.

A hundred times, yeah.

Alright.

Well, 66 and two-thirds because you're asleep.

By day 100, you're still feeling the original pain.

Day 101, you're used to it.

Oh, right.

So it becomes adult sensation after...

Day 102 though, you hate it again.

Wow.

Just the day 101, you're fine with it.

But every other day of your life, you're not used to it.

So every other day, it's painful.

Yeah.

So are we allergic to the mosquitoes?

Yeah, that's the other thing.

You're deadly allergic.

You have to carry an epipan.

So we die if we get...

If we get stung.

Yeah, well, you have to stab yourself.

Yeah.

So we do die in that scenario.

How many mosquitoes is it?

Well, it's 100 different mosquitoes biting you once a piece .

And am I the only person on Earth?

Are we the only people on Earth that give us the best friends?

In this scenario, the mosquito scenario, you are the only people on Earth, but there are just millions and millions of mosquitoes that are as big as you.

So you're riding bicycles.

Are they riding like hell?

Yes, very important.

I love Warner.

I love what he's doing for the movie.

Among the three of us?

Yeah.

Sorry, among the three of us being best friends, who's closer?

Oh, in the...

Who's better?

What are the friend dynamics?

Who's the cool or is someone sort of left out in the emotional cold?

Yes, someone's sort of a third wheel.

Yeah, it kind of goes year by year, you know?

Humans love to gang up and sort of attack the weakest, but that's nature.

Which one of us...

Who are the tighter friends in this?

It depends on the year.

Sometimes it's Scott and Werner, our best friends, and then other times it's Werner and Scott.

You're never on the top.

Right, that's fine.

That's no real tone.

Yeah, now what do I do in the scenario when they're doing their thing?

They're having fun with each other and they're playing around.

What am I left to do?

You're sort of like gazing at them jealously.

Right.

That's fun.

Yeah.

Quick question, Scotty-o.

Yeah, really.

Do these quarterpotties open again for concert season?

Every year, yeah.

So you get a bunch of friends in for three days.

But they're replenished with a lot more poo and vomit.

That's okay, okay, that's okay.

That's okay, that's okay.

But we are able to get people in bittance to the concert.

Even though we live there, we can leave though, obviously, right?

We can go shopping.

You're in a hermetically sealed environment, but it's the size of a town, so yeah, you can go shopping.

And there are other people in this town.

Wait a minute.

You're telling me this porta potty is so large, it's the size of a town.

No, the porta potty isn't.

It's a regular-sized porta potty.

I'm saying that you are in a hermetically sealed in like a dome over a town, like the Simpsons movie or like the bottled city of Kandor.

Again.

But the- Flying right over me.

The poo smell does not leave because it is sealed.

Does the symmetrically sealed environment have its own government?

As a matter of fact, it does.

It secedes from the United States.

Are we allowed to participate as citizens of this sovereign state?

You are like Trimonarchs.

I don't know what that would be.

I did not realize we were three kings in us.

Could we have bicycles in this town?

We have our own throne.

You have a throne.

You could maybe attach a couple of wheels to the throne, but unfortunately no, that's- Is there a movie theater in this town?

And if it is, what is it playing?

There is a movie theater playing and it's playing Quicks ilver.

Kevin Bacon.

Kevin Bacon's movie from the 80s.

It's quite a blow.

Yeah, it's a revival house.

Are mosquitoes in issue in this hermetically sealed environment?

I know they're not allowed in, so you were never bitten by mosquitoes.

How do they know not to come in?

Is there a sign that forbids them- Yes, just keep out mosquitoes and they abide by that.

Are the S's backwards on this sign?

Yes, of course, because the little rascals wrote it.

Do other little rascals all alive in the scenario?

That's the art.

All of them.

Jackie Mason, everybody.

What is about the Pac-Man?

Jackie Mason, who am I thinking of?

Jackie Robison.

No, Jackie.

Jackie Robinson.

Jackie.

Who?

Jackie.

Who am I thinking of?

You're a thing.

Come on.

Kathy.

Any of you- No, Jackie!

Jackie Cooper.

Cooper, thank you.

Played Perry White.

Yes, and Superman.

Superman, your favorite movie that I loved.

Yes, of course.

So you should jump on that.

Because a man defied nature by flying.

Yes, of course.

You will believe a man can fly just as much as you'll believe a man can ride a bike.

Okay.

Guys, any other questions to help you narrow down this choice or are we shutting it down?

Looks to me like we're shutting it down.

Do any of the mosquitoes have names?

They all share- Alfalfa is one of the- 50 names.

One quick question about the town.

Yes.

Would, uh, would Asaf Mandy, they ever pop up and tell us stories about being in premium Rush as his character, Raj?

Yeah, that's all that happens every day.

All right, I got my decision is locked.

All right.

Well, let's close down the floor.

Uh, Brent, how do you like to vote?

Can they go first?

All right.

Yeah.

Okay.

We'll come back to you.

I want to watch them do their buddy, buddy thing.

I'll doc, I'll doc you points, but, uh, yeah, they know, I 'll make a choice.

You can do it right now.

All right.

I'm still talking points.

I'm going to live in the porta potty.

You're going, Oh, and why is that?

Because, um, you know, I have a fetish for poo and I'm into that kind of thing.

But no, you don't in the city.

See, you got to listen.

Right.

Yeah.

It's hard to separate myself from the, from the, oh, okay.

I understand.

Do you want a little more time than to think about it?

I am always mixing business with pleasure.

I'm always, uh, uh, well, I just think that, you know, even if, uh, I have to, they're going to be closer friends in the scenario and I'm going to be jealous of them, at least I'll have some friends and it will be, you know, at least I'll feel like I'm part of something, you know?

And I've always wanted to be a king.

Yeah.

Okay.

So it's the king thing is really the, I think the king thing was really, yeah, the selling point.

Okay.

Great.

Like imagine being a king with your own.

Yeah.

Will you be benevolent?

Sure.

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

I'll devicate everywhere, not just porta potty.

I don't know about that.

All right.

Um, uh, Scott.

Jeffrey's.

Oh, no, no, Werner.

I'm going to Werner.

Werner.

How do you like to?

I have very little choice in this matter.

It would seem, uh, I must vote for the mosquito scenario because it, uh, it is man versus nature and, uh, the very embodiment of the idea.

Yes.

The idea of battling these, uh, hellish, uh, creatures for all eternity, uh, holds a great excitement for me because perhaps you might win.

Maybe someday.

Yeah.

I'm just alternate reality.

Great.

All right.

Um, Scott, how do you like to, to vote here?

Well, you really want me over on the Asaf Mandy, uh, kind of thing.

I liked that a lot.

You know, and when I was thinking about this, I was thinking about, wow, man, you know, I love to live my life in a premium way.

I like to have high rushes.

I like to ride like hell.

And, uh, you know, so I think, look, the only way you're going to get high and have a great time is by smelling those smells, by being with those people at the concert, by living in a town, you know, and, uh, you know what, if it's playing quick silver, I can go every day to that theater and go, we did a better job with premium rush.

So that is where I'm going.

I'm going into that town.

So you're, you're just going to interrupt the movie in the middle of the movie and shout at the people and say that, that premium rush did a better job.

A movie you haven't even seen nor will you see nor will I see it?

I will watch it and I will, I will not watch it.

I will go in there every day and protest it because I know that's how much I care about premium rush.

Do you think one of those days you're actually going to like go in there to interrupt it, but then you'll get caught up in the story and maybe sit down and watch your fourth movie?

Depends on this.

There's a hot piece of A in there, you know, I guess so.

I know because look, you didn't say anything about no raw dog in it.

And the porta potty because you know what?

Daddy needs to get his.

Dinden on your, your, Dinden on.

Dinden on.

Good.

I don't know.

All right guys.

Well, let me tell you up the points and Scott, Jeffrey, is you are by far the loser in this.

All right.

And it's pretty cool.

You know what?

I'll take the James Cameron pole position here to the Catherine Bigelow, whoever you guys are.

OK, sure.

And I don't know how you even know what that means.

And so it's a tight race between Brent and Werner, but Werner, because it's your dream come true, I'm awarding you the win.

Thank you.

So congratulations, Brent.

I'm so sorry.

You were close.

My pleasure.

But, you know, Werner, he broke his record coming here.

Oh, you talking about breaking something.

Joseph Gordon Levitt flew into a cab, right?

Got 31 stitches on his arm.

And he thought that was fucking cool.

That's a quote.

It took full responsibility and said, no, it was my fault.

I was going too fast.

Wait, did he break his arm though?

Is that why he said he broke a cab window?

Oh, OK, I get it now.

All right.

Well, which is like the cab's arm.

Like the cab's arms eyes.

Yeah, I thought it was the cab's eyeballs.

If you see, if you've seen Roger Rabbit, shoot, yeah, oh, so you're saying you broke a different window?

Look, I'm just reading the production notes here and it says despite smashing to a rear, rear windshield.

Oh, that's the cab's butt, butthole.

The butt.

I guess.

OK.

Hey, look, hey, hey, let me tell you, I don't discriminate against buttholes.

You know what I'm saying?

Nice piece of a.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, that's how we play.

Would you rather?

And just one shot up.

I guess the tailpipe would be the cab's butt hole.

It's more like the back tattoo.

Yeah, it's the tramp stamp.

The text.

That would be the license, please.

Oh, yeah, you're right.

That would be the license.

But it's like the shoulders.

That's what you would massage on a cab if it was tense.

If we will give that cab.

Yeah.

If it were one of those old fashioned bubble checker caps, checker caps.

Uh huh.

Yeah, definitely.

I'm glad that we figured this out.

I mean, there's new great sense of.

The cars do actually look like people.

They really do.

No, they really do though.

The front looks like you know, and they're like the grill.

Yeah, the grill.

That's why we call it a why you all up in my grill.

Exactly.

Yeah, it's not it's not right.

I should shorten the to grill.

Oh, I like this premium grill.

Premium grill that should be a sequel.

The premium rush.

Yeah.

That guy who has to drive a cab around New York City.

The time.

What was that?

Some guy.

All right.

Well, that's how we play.

Would you rather?

That was my speaking wristwatch.

Is that when Superman contacts you?

That's right.

Much like Jimmy Olsen.

I miss pal.

All right.

Here we go.

We just have a last thing to do.

That is, of course, called pillogs.

What you bugging.

Where are you?

But, boy, man.

You come into my town.

What I'm teaching you around.

What you bugging.

What are you?

What you bugging.

What are you?

What you bugging.

What are you?

What you bugging.

Oh, thank you so much for that.

That is Darren, either, ha or how maybe H.

I think it's written on my sheet H-A-W-E.

Which would maybe be ha, I think.

But, Darren, how with what you bugging.

And if you have a plugs theme that you'd like to hear played on the show, just write one.

That's the first step.

Then record it, I guess.

And then figure out some sort of hosting service, I think.

Too complicated.

I'll just go to the movies and see Premium Rush.

All right.

So, what do we have to plug here?

Obviously, Brent, you have your album coming out.

September 4th, which is eight days from now.

And where can people get it?

Ugh, they can copy.

They can find physical, I think they can order physical copies on a special thing.

It's an A.S.T. records.

A.S.T. records.

What is it called?

Mostly live.

Can I, do you have a tagline for it yet?

But, well, I was thinking about using Ride Like Hell as a tagline in D-Mind.

I would love it.

Let's see.

Let's hear you sell it.

Sell it like that though.

Sell it like that.

September 4th.

Check it out, guys.

September 4th.

The new album for Brent Winebach.

Mostly live.

Ride Like Hell.

Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.

Stop, perfect.

That sounded good.

I'm definitely going to buy that.

A.S.T. physical copy.

Can I get an iTunes?

iTunes will be downloadable.

And love it.

That's usually how people do things on iTunes.

So, that works out perfectly for people who use that service.

I recommend the physical copy though, because there's more pictures and stuff.

Yeah.

What about the vinyl?

Is that coming out?

No.

For samples and stuff like that.

You know, my daughter.

record scratching well my love my daughter loves club stuff and we always you know we we we've been mixed mixing up stuff You know from the art you guys have to mix what you talk about raw dog raw dog You know we're talking about raw dog and we get pretty into it, you know we don't go on dv8 through the script, but You know we want to make club songs We make clubs long stuff. We'll sample. We'll sample things . Yeah. Yeah my wife. My wife my wife my wife my wife my wife my wife my wife my wife my wife my wife my wife my wife my wife my wife my wife. Yeah, so you know, hahaha.

Hey, dude. Hey, so the That's from it off. Off air conversation. It is a burn Is it but I enjoyed the callback to it You also have something else well, there's to promote the album. There'll be tour dates great Where you going? Just Austin Minneapolis Seattle Portland.

There's a release show in Los Angeles San Francisco and You can find just Google my name and you'll find them eventually Yeah, and let me and I say this sometimes with a lot of comedians But quite honestly you are one of my favorite comedians you 're doing stuff that no one does you'd never know what to expect when you see Brent Weinbach because I mean you you take people through a really interesting journey where people don't know what they're seeing sometimes And this is in reference to my R&B music Comedy you're gonna go on. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

I've seen I've seen your stuff And I'm gonna say you're the premium rush of stand-up comics. That is high praise above the rest You are you are Connected you're kinetic you're funny. You're everything.

You know in the stand-up comedy world. You're the premium rush You know you you you stand up like hell. Wow. That's great.

I was gonna say you come to my show. It's like a ride Like hell I guess it is. Yeah, it's a ride in hell I write in and and also one other thing one last thing is Check out if you there's any aspiring drummers out there.

Yes that any or any drummers If you play who would just loves music if you like music even I made this instructional video that I'm trying to get a buzz on And it's called ultimate drumming technique calm ultimate drumming technique calm. I've seen this video You don't want to miss it Ultimate drumming technique calm. I mean very interesting.

Yeah, and if you're you know under 18 just you know You know what maybe wait a couple years or something like that or have your parents if you're 13 wait five years You got any 14 wait four years Web ad space for sale on that Well, hey, we'd love to we'd love to take you guys on great You know, I'll talk to you. I'll get my my web guys on that my web guys and my web guys Yeah, or if you are under 18 you have to have a parent watch it with you and that is not gonna be an enjoyable experience for you Let me ask a quick question though. This is an important one. Can you have a parent or guardian? Oh, that's a great question. Yeah I grew up without I mean I call my father who the one who ran the movie theater the outdoor movie there But he was really a guardian and you know, I always felt bad. I said go get the parent signature and it's like I Guarded me, but what about a guardian? Yeah, exactly. Okay, great ultimate drumming technique calm and your album mostly live coming out on the fourth and Go see him live rent is great and Werner. What do you have to plug Scott?

I realized this is highly unorthodox Procedure, but I would like to seed my plug time to a friend of mine who's standing in the corner Never been done before and I don't think that we could do this I crave your indulgence on this matter I'll allow me. I please call my friend over. Yeah, call him over if you would. I'm assuming it's a hymn. Thanks everybody What hey guys? Hey guys? Hi Scott. I'm good. I haven't seen you since the comedy bang bang tour I know it's a it's exciting to be here. I just got a why were you standing in the corner?

You could have jumped on Mike. I was pretending to be a superhero. Oh the invisible girl. Yeah You know me too. Well. Yeah, how do you know is Werner Herz og from the movie business? Oh, that's Scott Jeffries PFT doing here. What am I doing here?

I'm plugging one of the best movies of summer. It's the summer's not over until premium rush comes or racing into theaters I'm gonna ride like hell to see it. Hey, that's a fan. How does that even mean? I don't know why I said that Hey, you know what it's catching on like us on Facebook.

Like us on Facebook. Just for the most we know what you're the movie industry Yeah, oh, yeah a lot of people from the movie and you know my three yeah And you're not in movies really nope Sure, I'm not I've seen you in some movies there will be blood maybe they'll not thank you There will be blood anchor man. Oh, that's true. Yeah, and today's the end the pick of destiny also the end I'm on the set of ultimate drummy technique. Yeah calm. All right. I think you did your part. Yeah, you did your plug man I'm gonna I'm taking that blood plug back from you by the way. No one go to see ultimate drumming technique calm I'll make this quick. All right, please do I'm gonna be at the Bummer shoot festival in Seattle, Washington I'm gonna be doing some show that's right Labor Day weekend If you're going to the Bummer shoot festival, please come see my shows Paul F. Tompkins and friends parentheses real and fake it's gonna be me with Jen Kirkman and Camille Nanjani and some guests that you might recognize Perhaps Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber will be there perhaps Gary Marshall will be there maybe some other people too Oh, that's not Warner Herzog. Okay, Friday September 7th and Saturday September 22nd. I will be appearing with super ego The guys from the super ego podcast for a podcast great podcast great podcast We're gonna be doing a live version of the show. I'm gonna be joining them in Kansas City, Missouri on September 7th as part of the Kansas City improv festival and In Los Angeles is part of the riot LA festival Tickets available at polyf Tompkins calm. Yes quick question about that. I wish you would Scott Is it the pussy riot festival or is it LA right? I think it 's just a riot You get the pussy right girls in there. It's hot. It's quick. It's people like it Yeah, here's it here's like a movie you could promote. What if we bust them out of Russian jail? Oh That would be a rut. I'm gonna go work on that script. Okay . We'll come all right. Yeah, tell Werner to get back in here Thank you. I want to plug We'll get to you Scott in a second, but I want to plug it for me. I do plugs. I'm sorry. Oh, I've seeded my plug Yeah, you see it. I'm so sorry also just the idea of motion pictures. Please go see them Getting I'm taking that back from you as a matter. I'm giving you back ultimate running technique I accept your judgment. Yeah, I want to give a shout out to our donor Matt Friday Oh, that's sounds like a guy in a movie like Monday Barry Monday By Zod Michael Shannon. Yeah, whoa get shelter because you 're gonna ride like hell. Yeah Matt Friday Hey, we want to thank you so much for donating a hundred dollars to comedy bang bang You're a superstar something special coming out to you could have donated I mean technically ninety dollars instead that other ten dollars was the premium rush. I'm just saying I know that was kind of New Year's and I also want to say hey go check out the comedy bang bang live shows that we did Werner you were on one of them and it was my great pleasure to be on one They were so much fun You can get them all for twenty five dollars and I would say get them all because they're also weirdly different like we have Farts and pro creation fans. We have an Adam Scott and Harris Whittles doing brand new characters alongside Andy daily and chupacabra And that was a great show, but we also have like guests like Taren Killum and Bobby Moynihan both from SNL every show was really fun and You should check them all out, but you can get them individually as well And I want to say check out James the Domians record I meant to say that last week he has a new stand-up record that we put out called low hanging fruit He was on just about every date of the live tour with us killing out there with a stand-up and People really loved him so check out that record you can get it at your wolf.com now Scott Jeffries time to plug I you know, I don't have anything really to plug Surprising to me. Hey, I'm so sorry Scott. This is a Paul Shear. Hey. Oh my god If I had closed my eyes, I would have thought this this was Scott Jeffries. You have very similar voice Scott Jeffries Yes, this guy over here. Yeah, this guy right here. Yeah, it's a guy Scott of voices. Hey I love you actually did the turning your body position for that though Vocal ghettos. I don't I don't really see a difference.

Yeah, I don't hear a look at difference Okay, I mean, I'm just who's this guy Scott Jeffries is like listening to a mirror All right anyway, I'm so as fun as listening to a mirror too. I have some stuff to plug. Yes Paul Shear Namely, thank you. I will also be in bummer's shoot doing live. How did this get made?

Saturday Sunday and Monday with amazing special guests. Oh fun. Also Kirk O'Bane Kirk O'Bane all the chili peppers except for flea and What about PJ Pearl Jam? Well Pearl Jam. We just have Eddie We don't want we don't do repeat guests. We haven't done repeat guests or Eddie better will not be there because Eddie better did a different episode Okay, and then also NTSF. It was a NTSF SD SUV even you don 't know the title I know it. I almost I tried to abbreviate it and I didn't want to cheat your audience out of this. Oh, thank you Plug so it's NTSF SD SUV on Adult Swim every Thursday night at 12 15 after Children's Hospital amazing guests This week we have on Max Greenfield from the new girl And it's it should be a fun episode. Oh man That's a great show and I've seen a few of them and it's a great season. You're having a great season Thanks so much and you know this guy sounds nothing like me . Oh, yeah, I know Scott. It's it's a little weird. Anyway, Paul What's your what's your opinion on the?

What's it called big-time rush premium rush? What's your?
