---
layout: page
title: 174. Lizzy Caplan, John Mulaney, Nick Kroll [13807⧸21058].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

First time guest Lizzie Kaplan is here you know we're from party down of course she has a new movie the bachelorette that she likes to tell you all about.

As well as our old friends john malaney and nick crawl are both here we're all gonna have a good time this is gonna be a great show all that more on today's.

The.

It's a party at my house after the show and you're all invited except then I hate you been welcome to the show this is comedy bang bang.

Wow thanks for that catchphrase submission.

Steve kind of is his name Steve kind of pizza party at my house after the show and you're all invited except then I hate you been welcome to comedy bang great catchphrase thanks Steve kind of and we have speaking of great we have a great show.

Boy you're your your your your your your your your your your your it is a fine by the way you may be hearing this on labor day so enjoy your holiday listening to us in your ear holes.

And if you're hearing it after labor day welcome as well.

Okay I think I covered my bases on that and we have a trio of menagerie of wonderful people here on the show a couple of been on the show a few times and one first time guest let me go.

I think I'm gonna go clockwise from John how's that sound sounds good to me all right we have you know him from currently he's on SNL as a writer not on.

As not on in the back room where you can't see and you can 't see what I do and you can't see me.

I don't know what I mean is here a stand of comedy and a comedian yes trailblazer with Phyllis gone it's me there's two people it's me and I forget who the other one rivers.

No never good to see you again Scott yes John thank you so much for being here you're in LA it's the summer time of the and the summer I'm parked on sewer tonight probably forgot to lock the car.

I'm in New York this is your last opportunity to wear white by the way so yeah I'm not wearing the the all white linen costume from Eddie Murphy's holy man.

Which isn't bad no come on your all bring him a break.

We also have to my left we have you know him from the league which comes out.

October I would guess in October do you really have to smack your lips right.

Right out of the gate well Scott.

I was stopping coffee breathman is.

The crawl is here.

Hi you're on the show a couple weeks ago I was desperate to be back want that podcast love.

Yes you got a lot of love for your last appearance today yeah great appearance.

Oh thank you.

We had fun we had a lot of fun.

Let's hear the whole thing now and play.

It's a clip show podcast.

We're unpacking an addict remember this podcast.

Hard cast part case to me part of member had this was hard member had this one did.

And then right across from the first time on the show she's in the new movie the bachelor at which comes out Friday we do want to stress that and also you know from party down of course and the class.

All right class I remember the class I watched every episode of that I did yeah.

Okay maybe not mean girls mean girls yeah.

I've been in so many things.

Cloverfield yeah yeah coming.

Short film a student film.

You know yeah Lizzie Kaplan welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for coming.

Thank you so much for having me pleasure to meet you been a big fan thanks.

Your work thank you thank you so much and yeah we I don't know if you knew this but the.

Last show that Nick.

Croll was on was with Megan Malawi I did not know that and she mentioned it was a hit.

Episode I heard that it was very successful she mentioned the party down movie.

Is happening.

She said for sure.

Lately she's not supposed to be saying that we're hoping that the party down movie happens I don't see why it wouldn 't but there's no nothing.

Nothing is said.

I mean I mean I have to clean up Megan Malawi's message.

There's no point in not just coming out saying yes it's definitely happening.

It's happening because if it doesn't happen no one blames you.

Well I'm nervous that maybe they will blame me.

No I've been blamed for things in the past.

What have you been blamed for?

Everything really yeah Natalie Woods murder.

Oh John Mike's that one.

John laughs so creepily and no one has ever really recorded it.

But only about starlets murders.

Who really did that is Christopher Walken.

Yeah he killed.

No come on is that liable to say that.

I hope not.

No we were really speculating.

Which is the news story that.

Walken really danced around that one.

What do you mean because he dances.

Because his name is Walken.

Yeah.

Oh he also dances.

Yeah.

He's a great a beautiful dancer.

He's a beautiful fat boy slim.

Oh yeah.

Last we forget.

Last we forget he was in that Nickelback video they just did.

Oh have you guys seen there's a Nickelback video.

John Legeois showed it to me starring Jason Alexander.

It's all over the internet.

It is.

Have you seen it.

I had to.

And Jason Alexander.

Yeah two Jason Alexander appearances.

He's a barista and a beautiful woman walks in.

And he's like just a regular barista.

And she's taken with him and he's making her the best capp uccino that he can.

With foam decorations.

Big selling point is his foam decorations.

Are they like three dimensional like they're a pirate.

Well wait wait.

Okay if you wait you'll find out.

I'm so sorry.

I had a question I asked it.

But we were on a roll.

Hey Nick was on a roll to be fair.

No I was on a roll.

You were sort of just.

I couldn't do this.

I'm a lady.

Because I'm going to forget because I'm always thick in my strokes when I'm watching the video.

Yeah.

Oh boy.

Oh I jaded this video.

He's already always you know he's in the vapors by then.

I'm grabbing the towel and I'm getting ready.

You know what I mean.

Rise closed.

Shird on pants around his ankles.

Clinching the tray.

Praying a god someone walks in.

To make it interesting.

Just to break it up.

Just the fear.

What happens?

Yeah the Jesus.

Oh so he's a barista.

Right so he's a barista and then a cool Jason Alexander comes in.

I don't know cool Jason Alexander.

Yeah on a moped with a fedora on with a utility belt of bar ista equipment.

Blue's brother sunglasses.

I definitely sunglasses.

Yeah I think he's I think he's of a town in origin.

Tight vest.

Tight vest tie.

And so then he really starts to wow the crowd with his bar ista skills and Jason Alexander regular Jason Alexander is well he's feeling a little bit put out at that point.

The girl by the way is the one of the girls from shallow howl.

I don't mean you know she's like the.

When I thought.

Oh yeah that's her name.

That's her name.

Yeah that's her name.

Um.

Yeah.

You know who one of the girls in shallow howl is.

She's been in like you know you saw her you know she's like .

You actually I said yes but I only know that she's in shallow howl because you told me the other night.

Oh she's in shallow howl and I went yeah.

Um I don't know you know look.

Look we could all figure out who this girl is.

I'm a later I'm a later fairly brothers guy you know what I mean.

You're an outside providence type exactly.

You like the drama exactly so it's the way you should just watch it but by the way throughout this is a very sincere nickel back song playing right somehow nickel back made Jason Alexander more irrelevant and vice versa.

Wait who did we start on with this who else is in that video.

The woman from shallow howl.

But we didn't we wasn't there a starting point for this that we got into it.

Christopher Watkins in a fat boy slim video.

Oh okay.

Who wins.

Then a hard time.

Jason Alexander or regs Jason.

What do you think.

I would I would think cool.

That's how the world works.

Yeah.

I think you watch it and stroke one out and find out where you blow.

Here's another point of interest.

I asked a question and you said wait for it and you'll answer it and then you never got around.

What was the question.

It was does he make three dimensional phone.

He doesn't cool Jason Alexander.

Well cool Jason Alexander.

L L cool Jason Alexander comes in ladies love cool Jason.

Yeah.

They do.

And henceforth he's never been known as making foam decorations that I'm a little bit out three dimensional and move and do things.

Oh yeah.

Which they did in post I should.

Yeah.

Which is all trick photography.

You hate movies just like K packs.

Yeah.

Which which was a paid forward from outer space.

Yes.

Literally.

Really.

K pack.

I never I saw it.

I just know it is a thing to say.

The reference bank.

Yeah.

It's just in the bank.

Pull it out.

You hate movies that use any kind of trick photography.

I don't I hate tricks.

Real effects.

Yeah.

I hate it.

Do you like mumblecore realism is that where what you like.

Is that where people mumble.

I think so.

Yeah.

That's where they're not whisper.

I like whisper core.

I did a cast of blank a whisper core with people that think I'm.

And how did it turn out huh.

How did it turn out.

It got in what not slam dance.

Hand dance.

It got in.

John hands festival.

It's a held at a hospital because the people can't leave.

And John ham does curate it.

Yeah good of course.

And with cured him.

Well speaking of movies let's talk about the Bachelorette which comes out on Friday.

I mean when I say it comes out it comes out in theaters on Friday.

That's right.

People can already get it on iTunes.

Yes.

Where it's a big old hit huh.

Yeah.

It's a huge huge massive hit.

It's the biggest thing that's ever happened to iTunes.

It is great.

I saw it came out on a probably a Monday or a Tuesday.

Probably.

And within hours it shot to number one.

Shot up there.

With a bullet.

Mm hmm.

You know.

Rocketed to the top.

Yep.

Through the roof had to build another roof.

It still went through that second roof.

Yeah.

You're ruthless.

This is the post bridesmaid ceiling that is being.

Oh my friend.

Oh my friend is smart.

He writes essays.

You should be an essayist.

I'm trying.

But so it's out on iTunes already.

People can see it but in the theaters on Friday.

Which in my opinion is the only way to see a movie.

I agree.

Especially a comedy you know.

With people in the theater laughing.

Yeah.

But this is how.

You'll find movies 100% more funny.

I agree with you but this is how they're going to now release every little movie I think.

Because we've proven that it works.

So enjoy your videos on demand.

I think it's a great cause I think like there have been there starting to make a lot of those like million to million dollar movies and for something like this to work really well means they'll make more of them which means more of us will get to make movies.

That's exactly right.

It's a great thing for filmmaking.

I think filmmaking in general.

Right.

Yeah but it's a good movie.

Yeah let's talk about it.

So it's you.

It's Chris and Donst.

You have.

Eila Fisher.

And Rebel.

Rebel Wilson.

Who I just saw by the way in Pitch Perfect which is really funny.

Is it?

Yeah it's very funny.

I just saw the trailer for Pitch Perfect.

There's a lot of earnest singing huh.

There is but they I mean if you've ever wanted to see Oscar nominee Anna Kendrick actually sing.

Yeah I have.

And sing well.

Yeah.

And be great at it.

I mean it's and everyone sings that.

You by the way.

You're just Scott of all the people in this room I believe you like earnest singing more than most.

Well I grew up doing it.

Yeah.

Really?

Yeah I was a singer.

An earnest one?

Yeah I was in musicals.

We just had it before you guys came in we had an off mic M andy Pottington conversation.

We did.

I have to talk to Ad length about him.

But okay so enough about Pitch Perfect we'll talk about that later.

Dressed to the Borg Nines that was his earnest singing group.

Oh boy.

All right I'll be here for two more minutes.

Who else is in this movie we have.

Oh Adam Scott friend of the show Adam Scott.

Yeah Adam Scott James Marston Kyle Bornheimer very funny guy.

From one of my favorite shows Worst Week.

Yeah.

Oh.

Starring of course.

That in the class were your two favorite shows.

I actually loved worst week.

I was on worst week.

Were you really?

I don't remember you.

So tell me about the plot of the movie.

The plot of the movie is the three of us Kirsten Eilah and I are bridesmaids in rebels wedding.

We've all been friends since high school.

We are terrible human beings.

We rip the wedding dress.

We do a lot of cocaine.

We fuck a lot of boys.

It's crazy.

Girls are just as crazy as boys apparently.

And that's a movie.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Lizzy.

How do you feel about promoting your things?

You can see the sour face.

Lizzy Kaplan right now.

It's sort of been, it takes them every week.

Well just think about this.

You do a lot of these like press junkets.

You sit in a room and a bunch of people with who are uniron ic people ask you genuine questions.

Just know that you are in just a bubble of irony here.

And you should feel free to.

I appreciate that.

I am very much clearly not awake and I'm actually relieved that both of you are here jockeying for position for the star of this particular podcast.

Oh yeah.

So I can kind of relax.

We're taping this at five in the afternoon.

I don't know why you're not awake yet.

Guys this is not the truth.

Oh no bud comedy.

It's the morning.

That's just not true.

That premise that you just threw out.

By the way John is though wearing all white.

Just like the edit.

Yes.

No you're on board with that one.

Yeah that was not a bad one.

That one also.

The holy man thing.

Yeah some people go that's the cheap reference.

That was for real.

No no that's for real.

For real Williams.

I do love the movie though.

I'm pretending like I'm bored with your questions but I do.

I love the movie.

I stand behind it.

It's very funny.

It's funny.

It's written and directed.

What is her name?

Leslie Hedlund.

And Wilfarrell and Adam McKay produced it.

Oh yeah everybody is around on this one.

And from what I hear I did not receive a promotional copy.

Will they have it on iTunes?

Oh I could have bought it.

I don't know.

A $10 gift card.

A gift card.

It's a gift card situation.

But from what I hear it's super super funny.

Yes.

Based on a play and Adam and Will saw the play I think or read the screenplay.

Actually I saw the play with Adam Scott and Jessica Elbaum who's one of the producers on the movie.

And it's just really dark.

That's all I can say.

It's not like bridesmaids.

It's way more screwed up than that.

How do why people lump it in with bridesmaids?

This is called Batch the Red and it's very soon.

I get it.

And it's just answering the bridesmaids question.

And what was Wigg like?

Is she as funny as she is...

Is she always on?

What is your question?

Is she as funny on screen?

Is she as off screen?

Yeah.

She just watched her movies.

Okay.

All right.

I'm out then.

Okay.

How many theaters does it come out in?

I don't know.

All right.

Am I supposed to know that?

150.

35.

How much did you get paid to do the movie?

I got paid $75 million.

What?

Yeah.

That is not a good...

It's my highest paycheck today.

That's not a good model for making a movie like that.

She moved to LA.

She wrote herself a fake check for $75 million.

On the top of the mall.

Jim Carrey style.

All right.

And she said someday I'm going to get this for an iTunes movie.

It didn't even exist yet.

Did you do that when you read that about Jim Carrey?

Did you do it?

I didn't.

No.

I've done other creepy things like that.

Have you?

What have you done?

No, not written out checks.

But I've set my little...

You gotta save those checks.

Stayed out the window and had my own little delusions.

Like what?

I don't know.

You know.

King of show business.

Superaid down sunset.

What about down Hollywood?

Huh?

I hate Hollywood boulevard.

Sunset baby.

Sunset.

From in and out to it.

You want to pass the Mance Chinese theater?

No.

Hollywood walk-a-fave?

Sunset boulevard.

Crescent Heights.

Yeah.

Laurel Canyon.

Laurel Canyon baby.

I'm a neighborhood guy.

Right by the old Virgin Megastore.

Right by the Trader Joe's.

Right near Sushi Den.

P4 Parking.

That weird movie theater that always has titles that I don 't want to say.

Lemleys.

Ooh.

It's now a Sundance theater I believe.

I mean, I'm sorry I don't break it to you.

It's a slam dance theater.

A little ham dance.

It's a ham dance theater.

Hands out front with a sandwich board spinning it all the time.

For a jazz or size film festival.

Happy as hell.

He's happy to do it.

Psyched as hell.

He's happy for the work.

Finally out of the Draper thing.

Yeah.

He's gone.

Yeah.

Because I told him I accosted him.

I said you got to get out of that type can.

And he said I don't know who you are.

Yeah.

He said I don't know who you are.

But I don't know what to take.

You are in my apartment.

You cannot be in here.

I said I'm a burglar.

Look at these stripes.

Look at my stripes.

My goofy mask.

I thought you meant stripes on his shirt like an officer.

Look at these stripes.

I'm a burglar.

I'm a lieutenant in the burglar.

I'm a lieutenant in the burglar army.

Oh.

We're having so much fun.

I almost hate to take a break.

But we should.

Let's take a break when we come back.

We'll have more comedy bang bang.

Lizzy Kaplan, John Lainey, Nick Kroll.

We're right back at everything.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Lizzy Kaplan and Nick Kroll and John L ainey walked out.

But hey Lizzy.

Let's talk about your movie a little more.

Yeah.

You want to hear more about it?

I mean party down.

Oh yeah.

It's happening.

Yeah, it's happening for sure.

When do you think you're filming it?

I think we started shooting in about three months.

Three months?

Great.

And comes out a Christmas release December 25.

That's exactly right.

Great.

Christmas of this year.

It will be out.

What's the title?

Do you know yet to party down?

It's called Party Down, Colin, The Movie.

The Movie?

Oh, the motion picture.

No, it's the movie.

Just the movie.

Yes.

Yeah, that'd be fun.

Test.

What is this?

What are you doing?

I'm hot.

Yeah, I got my cans on.

I'm sorry Lizzy.

Sorry.

Am I supposed to still?

Two older gentlemen just walked into the room.

Oh wait a minute.

I recognize you guys.

Weren't you on the program once before?

We're regulars.

You were on once before.

We're regulars.

Well, I'm regular.

He is regular, yeah.

He snorted quinoa in the car, which is a zip car.

We went to this health food store and this crazy bitch was going to be a little bit more.

Crazy bitch was giving it out for free so we snorted it up a nostril.

She was giving out quinoa for free.

She cut up lotens of it for free, yeah.

Wait, what were you guys' names again?

My name is Gil Faisan.

My name's George St. Keegland.

And yeah, you were on the show once before your- We're series regulars.

I have six episode arch.

Yeah.

And I'm just guest starring.

You're a guest star?

Oh, okay.

I don't project to start him.

Some people say I have it.

You know, an X factor.

When I walk on set, people go, you know, let's, you know, that's it.

Yeah.

Thanks for coming in, guys.

We have an open door policy.

You're welcome.

You don't know that.

Oh, it's really nice to meet you.

Oh, I saw her.

Hi.

Lizzy Kaplan from the movies and from television as well sometimes.

Oh, wonderful.

That's wonderful.

Hi.

Hi, fellas.

Hi, Lizzy.

It's like my beautiful niece.

I look like your niece.

Oh, like my beautiful niece, Rahel.

Oh, Rahel.

So beautiful.

The nieces and nephews this man has.

Ludi of Rahel.

Cheryl.

Cheryl, I'm more regularly- I always say to my siblings, if I weren't these kids, uncle , the things I would do.

Especially Ludi.

And I'm not their uncle and you can imagine.

So what's your excuse for not doing it?

What I was saying, I've attempted turn downs is my excuse.

Oh, okay.

Being turned down.

Well, that should be no excuse sometimes.

Yeah, I guess that's a reason it hasn't happened.

Hey, Lizzy.

Yeah.

When's that film coming out on VHS for Public Library?

She's got a new movie out on Macintosh.

Yes, that's exactly right.

You can rent it at your local library in probably about six months.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

And so this is the movie is called the Burt Back-R- this is the Burt Back-Rats story.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

It's actually called Batch the Rhett.

The Back-A-L-Rhett.

No, no, no.

So Burt Back-Rats has three broads.

No, no, no.

Burt belays pipe in all of them and then he's got to pick one to go on a holiday with.

No, that's not the plot of the movie at all.

Oh, okay.

George, you're really learning about the biz.

I learned so much.

We've been in Los Angeles for a few days.

What are you guys doing?

Really got in a sense of the place.

Yeah.

Where are you from?

We're from the Upper West Side of Manhattan.

Yeah, well, we live in different areas.

I'm all the way, I'm uptown at 71st and Central Park West.

And I live all the way uptown at 73rd and Amsterdam.

And we never see each other.

He won't come that far uptown.

I'm not going to go that far uptown.

Yeah.

He can't be within...

Why don't you go downtown?

I'm not going to go to downtown.

It also slopes in his knees.

Oh, okay.

I don't do well with...

Yeah, I don't do well with...

I put on knee braces now for walking.

Yeah.

Old fashioned steel braces.

And what I have is a sock with no elastic.

So it's sags, but there's still a stripe which is frowning now.

Okay.

So, you guys never see each other except when you go on holidays like this?

What we do is we come to Hollywood.

And...

Oh, you said that like there was more of that.

Sorry.

You know, that's about it.

Yeah.

We flew Virgy America.

Oh, congrats.

That's a nice airline.

You go...

No, it's not too dark.

Too dark.

Oh, and then...

No, this is...

He's thinking of that Virgin we couldn't afford.

This is Virgy America.

Yeah, this is Virgy's America.

Oh, it's even darker than Virgin America?

It's a bus tour for Chinese immigrants.

Oh.

Virgy is a really big round face Chinaman who drives people across country in a double decade and we took his tour.

Did you have to pass?

Excuse me.

Did you have to pass?

Oh, we did our Mickey Rooney.

Oh, yeah.

I brought the...

You brought the tuxedo and the teeth.

The butt teeth?

Yeah.

And the Shushankit and the whole thing.

It's the hardest thing is to have a fake pair of arms that you can keep the other thingies up top to keep the ice.

To do the ice.

To keep the ice.

But we learned...

We used to do that arms through the arms bit, you know?

So like who's arms are those?

That type of thing?

They're one of the shoe form comedies.

Yeah.

We did short form for college orientation.

Shifam.

Wow.

So what have you been doing while you're in Hollywood?

I mean, you're here with a Hollywood star.

We went and protested the Chick-fil-A.

Oh, nice.

Because they wouldn't give us free nuggets.

They wouldn't honor a coupon that I made in the hotel, which is a Ramada.

It's a beautiful room.

What it is, it's a Ramada hotel.

And I sat there.

You can imagine, you know, forged coupons everywhere drying on a clothesline.

Have you seen that?

Really?

It's wet ink, really?

Yeah, have you seen that film kitsch me if you can?

Sure, of course.

The Leo DiCaprio film where he's a forager?

Yeah, sure.

Well, we haven't seen that, but we want to see it because we're told that we...

So I made a fake coupon, one free movie, Catch If Can.

And I brought it through the Lemley, which is now his Lambd ance.

And I went in and they said we're not showing that.

And I protested them.

Okay.

How'd that work out for you?

There was an arrest.

But you know the writer remember who's arrested?

You get arrested.

It might have been the theater manager.

I think it was me.

But we were definitely arrested and we got three hot squares and we were excited about that.

Three hots and a cop.

Yeah, sure.

We're used to prison, you know, our good friends in jail.

So, you know, he's a political prisoner.

We go and visit him all the time.

His name is Lon Gundoware.

Yeah.

Lon Gundoware.

He was a Swedish dissident.

Who wore pajamas all the time?

Yeah, I'd see.

He was protesting and he was having to wear clothes in public.

He's in that famous foreign group that was just arrested for performing.

Yeah.

Plus...

Are you gonna...

Lon Gundoware.

Lon Gundoware man.

Okay, of course.

Well, sometimes I space on names and I just hope someone takes the place.

This was because we were smoking PCP before it was, you know, we heard that there was a problem.

We tricked ourselves into smoking PCP before training day before we knew that that was an option.

Yeah.

Okay, it took training day to let you guys know that...

Most of America learned about it from training day.

That's what I learned about it.

Yeah.

What a great film.

Great film.

So, why come out to Hollywood?

I mean, just on vacation, do you have a goal while we're here?

Or addition.

Yeah, we're trying to get like additions.

We're trying to get our decisions.

I'm up for the lead in this room.

Oh, the news room.

Yeah, why?

As far as I recall, it has a lead in it already, but maybe they're adding another character.

But that's...

They're just trying to make me sweat.

Kill do you monologue from this room?

What?

Who the hell are you?

Oh, okay.

Look, Bin Laden, he's everywhere, you know.

We gotta do the news.

Edward R. Mero style.

Enough fluff.

Let's work down this hallway.

Come with me, Emily Mirdimer.

This is self-written.

Yeah, I thought I figured it.

But his script is always up.

It's separate.

Okay, sorry to interrupt.

Wow, and do you perform it exactly like that?

I mean, it's powerful.

Yeah, so the lazy-eyed...

But he'll do...

That was very natural.

Yeah, but when we run it in the room, he's kind of doing a jazzercise.

He's moving the legs up and down.

And what we'll do is he'll hold weights just to Ken Lentil.

Oh, two-two-two-ounce Ken Lentil in my arms while I'm walking.

We go to a vet and use the dog treadmill because I needed to practice working for these sortkin parts.

Sure.

Because I'm gonna get it.

They're making me sweat.

I'm just doing it.

We should mention we're out in LA doing one of those work ethones called working for sortkin.

Yeah, we're trying to raise money so he can get a bag of crack.

He's low.

He's low on it?

Yeah, he's low on crack.

Yeah, he's in between seasons right now.

Yeah, he's just gotta stock up so we can write that stock footage.

Well, you have a big Hollywood star here who might be able to help you out with.

Do you know Aaron Surkin?

I do.

I know him very well.

Would you help me get the lead that Jeff Daniels has?

Oh, so you do know that Jeff Daniels is growing?

Well, they shot a season with him to make me sweat.

Yeah.

They didn't want me to know.

I thought everything just kind of made you sweat.

Most things do, especially mental cigarette on hot morning and car.

That's one of the bigies.

Yeah.

This car doesn't work, but it still gets the ideas flowing so it's sittin' it.

Yeah, I like to sittin' it outside, you know, who's ever apart.

George has one of the nicest 1983 mustard yellow vulvas that you'll ever see.

Volvas?

Yeah.

A mustard yellow vulva?

A mustard yellow 83 vulva.

An 83 vulva.

Yeah.

Not the safe Swedish car.

This was a disease-ridden vagina.

Disgusting car that I commissioned.

Right.

That's the time I had money.

God.

What was going on in your life back in 83 that you had money?

Oh, this was the high times of the 80s.

Yeah, Wall Street.

I was betting on Circus of the Stars.

Oh, okay.

And that Emmanuel Lewis came in hot for me.

Yeah.

You know, by the time they aired them, they had already been taped.

Emmanuel Lewis, where's he from?

By the time they aired them, they had been pre-taped.

They weren't live events.

Well, I was betting a guy from ABC Network.

So he might have had an inside track you're saying.

He might have, yes.

He was the editor.

Oh, he worked for ABC.

Yeah, he would edit Circus of the Stars.

Oh, okay.

You think he had an inside track on me?

You say and I lost 10 large to a think.

He was working with a cold deck.

It was Fiveish Finkle.

Fiveish Finkle.

It was a really, that's how I started.

I don't know what he did next.

Does anyone know?

Did he do a picket?

Well, what I'm saying is maybe Lizzie could help you with your acting could maybe give you some polluter or...

I don't think I...

You seem game.

Would you do scene with me?

I would love to do a scene with you.

Yeah.

Maybe you could have a...

How about you?

Could you improvise in from the new film Bachelorette?

Sure.

Do you want to...

Sure.

Who should I be?

You can be anybody that you want.

There's like a Kirsten plays like an ice queen type.

That's me.

Ice queen.

Okay.

And ice cream.

Now you realize, yeah, you're not someone who makes ice cream.

And the queen of ice cream.

No, no, no.

Hagenaz.

And realistically she is cold and...

Yeah, she's like an icy present.

Oh, so it's on the ice cream zone spoke.

Yeah.

Do you want to...

Yeah, they're once can here.

Do you want to play the other?

What's ice cream?

The other character?

Ice cream zone spoke.

The ice cream zone spoke.

What's that?

Sure.

Would you like to play the isla fissure character?

Oh, sure.

How would you describe isla's character?

She's a bit of an air head.

Air head.

Okay.

That would be a problem.

Okay.

Everybody ready?

Maybe we need some kind of idea.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Maybe a line to start.

Sure.

Okay.

I would say you're on Central Park West in 72nd.

Nice.

Okay.

Nice.

And...

Fine, wait.

The line to start would be my ankles have really swollen up and my sock isn't fitting.

No, okay.

Okay.

Do you want to know your character names or do you not?

Shoot.

I'd love to.

Okay.

You will be playing Katie, the dummy.

Okay.

And you sir, your character's name is Regan.

Yeah.

Like Ronald Regan.

Oh, what are the great producers of a homosexual?

Yeah.

Okay.

And my name in case you choose to use it.

That's fine.

We don't need it.

We're going to talk to you, Jenna.

Yeah.

You're figured.

And scene.

Hey, what's your name?

My name is Jenna.

It's Jenna.

I'm a stoop.

I'm a real stupid.

I'm a dead scooper.

No, this is not going to work.

You're not smoking.

I didn't even say it yet.

You're not working in a best-screen place.

You're not.

I hadn't said it, baby.

I hadn't even said it.

All right.

Okay, sorry.

Continue.

Go ahead.

That's my object work.

And we're back and see.

All right.

Go.

I'm a dead scooper.

No, damn it.

All right.

No, I have an idea.

Okay.

All right.

You're vegan.

It's going okay with me.

You know, just putting these in the microwave to let them door.

Oh, Jesus.

And I'm here.

Katie.

Katie, it's me.

It's Katie.

What do you guys think about things?

Because I don't think about much at all.

You're such a ditz-dunce.

You're a dunce.

What?

Oh, that's funny.

Clever.

I just feel like everybody's breaking character here.

And I can't.

Are you in the scene where we have- Are you in the scene where we have- You're in the scene?

Yeah, I'm in the scene.

Yeah, Dodge the Draft up there.

How long ago was that?

We were just dodges.

Back in the late 60s.

No, this was two years ago.

This was...

Oh, nine.

The Afghanistan?

Huh?

Afghanistan?

Nah, I'm baby.

Nah, Nah was not happening.

Yeah, that wasn't two years old.

Oh, Nah, I'm still having...

I mean, Nah, I'm still there.

We went to Vietnam.

We were there.

You went there?

Yeah, about a year ago in a sex tour?

Yeah.

You were trying to dodge the draft two years ago.

Right.

We couldn't get into Canada.

So I said, I hear they have sex tours in Vietnam.

Okay.

And then we went there, which was the very place we were trying to not go to serve.

Okay.

Yeah.

It's ironic.

Yeah.

Don't you think?

None of those sex clubs would take our coupons.

No.

Because they were written in English.

Yeah.

But we did it.

Yeah, we did it with that oriental style.

I made all the letters curvy.

And stacked on top of each other.

Yeah.

And they would not take coupon one.

They would not interested.

See, George, there's impression.

It's a really good impression.

Listen to impression of.

I can't really tell.

Some kind of an English.

Yeah, that's Jenny Carson.

Who never called me over to the couch?

You never got called over?

You were a production...

I broke into his apartment 10, 12 times.

He never gave me the okay sign.

He gave it to Freddie Prinz.

And I have a theory about that.

But he never called me over to the couch.

Did you have your burglar stripes on?

I did.

I had the whole bit.

I'd practice for weeks.

Yeah.

We were going to the store every night.

Working it out.

Yeah.

And this was a bidega.

This was a bidega where we were getting some goya beans.

Sure.

But I...

For weight lift.

Yeah.

But I ran my sets.

Leslie, I think the story checks out.

Lizzie.

Are you related to Gabe Kaplan?

I am not.

Done.

Done meaning.

Not interested anymore.

What's the point?

If she's not related to the great Jewish athlete slash act that Gabe Kaplan.

He was great.

What do you call the battle of the network stars?

He used to wear the shorts.

Literally like high point.

I love your...

I'm so much money betting against Gabe Kaplan.

I bet the editor and Gabe that he wasn't going to win.

They said we shot it last week.

George, you do not get into this.

They still took your money though.

I stomped my feet.

I said you don't stop me.

I'm big baby.

And they said fine if you want to lose money.

I said yeah.

He was wearing a diaper over his wool pants at this point.

And you're an unpleasant person too.

I am.

That's why I was kicked out of Nirvana.

The band Nirvana.

Yeah, I was in Nirvana.

It's had such a colorful life.

A lustrous life.

Yeah.

It was a good time.

Were you the second guitarist?

He was there on the night too.

He said Kurt, you know, just do it.

Oh god.

Over speakerphone.

Because I was doing sit ups.

Right.

And you'd been kicked out of the band at this point?

I'd been kicked out of the band.

Or was it, wait, were you kicked out of it post-curt-curt-c obane?

I was in it almost the whole time.

Okay.

But then they kicked me out towards the end.

Okay.

Due to creative differences because I didn't contribute.

Says Kurt.

To the song says Kurt.

Dave seconds.

And Chris seconds it.

I'm out of the band.

And that's how bands work.

But I did a lot.

I wrote down all the lyrics.

You were the guy who wrote the album and I'd jot him down.

Wait, so you would listen to the albums after they came out ?

After we'd record.

Uh-huh.

I'd jot all the lyrics down.

Okay.

Somebody has to do that.

Yeah.

That job means more.

Just to have a record of it.

Sure.

I'm still in Pearl Jam.

Yeah.

What do you play?

I just play one of those ukuleles.

Freddie.

Yeah, he comes out in the Beatles wig.

And I play one of the ukuleles and Ed and I, you know, we just have fun together.

Yeah.

It's more for fun at this point.

Yeah.

How good is that Pearl Jam XM radio station?

Oh, so good.

Isn't that fun?

Where they just play Pearl Jam?

That just sort of poorly recorded concerts.

Just great.

Less.

Lessly.

Uh-huh.

What's the favorite project you've ever been in?

Well.

How's that?

Any question?

Thank you so much for being a such a wonderful co-host.

This is probably number one.

What we're doing now.

I'm going to consider it a project.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Thank you.

So that's definitely number one.

Uh-huh.

You're out of your book.

And number two has got to be the movie that you should all go and pay to see on September 7th.

The Bocleva?

No, it's not called that.

So it's like a thick, pasty almond thing?

No.

That's...

Is correct.

Isla Fisher and Leslie help me.

Man?

Your last name.

Leslie Mann is done.

Leslie Mannman?

My name is Lizzie.

And the movie is called Batch the Red.

Lizzie, have you ever gone by any other name?

Uh, Elizabeth.

Did you ever think of using a stage's name?

Lizzie.

And then is Elizabeth for like important things like dentist appointment?

Sure.

Any sort of legal document I'll go ahead and use Elizabeth.

If you're a celebrated actress, America has said yes to you .

They check that box.

When you're staying in a hotel, what fake name do you stay under to avoid the paparazzi?

That is a very good question, but it's also a very personal question.

Oh, interesting.

That you will answer.

I will not answer any questions.

This is one of those, you know, McMaren, you're a weirdo's kind of question.

Yo, with WTF, Mark Merrin?

Is that what you're saying?

He's getting into your weirdo.

You're making things.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

We love podcasting.

We love podcasting very much.

Have you guys thought of starting your own podcast?

Yeah.

We tried.

Yeah.

But we couldn't get the VHS tapes into the computer.

Yeah.

We tried to shove it real hard.

It's tough these days.

We had a think pad and it was zacking up.

So, you know, we ran it under water.

We did everything you're supposed to do.

And fried.

No, I don't think you're supposed to do that.

That's what the guy said.

Well, guys, I think we have time for a little game here, if you don't mind.

Oh.

Would that be all right?

It's time for a little something called, would you rather?

Oh, I thought this was going to be one of those key parties .

Who's keen to do you want to draw, by the way?

Enginey.

All right.

Enginey Brad?

All right.

It's time to play.

Would you rather?

We all know how this is played.

People send me, would you rather scenarios out our Twitter, which is at CBB-WIR, Comedy Bang Bang.

Would you rather?

I read them out loud.

We will then open the floor for questions.

You'll ask me any question about either of the scenarios in order to narrow down your choice.

I will tally up the points as we go and then assign a winner.

So that's pretty clear, isn't it?

Great.

Now this comes to us from IRL Dovakin.

Dovakin in real life, Dovakin.

I don't know.

This is very tough to say.

A lot of just strung together consonants and vowels.

But he or she asks, would you rather not have arms on the worst day in your life not to have arms or permanently forget what poison is?

So would you rather not have arms on the absolute worst day in your life not to have arms or permanently forget what poison is?

All right.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

I won't accept any questions.

So the worst day is something like throwing out the first pitch at a baseball game, for example.

You need your arms for that.

Because, and this is personal to you, Lizzie, I know.

You're a huge baseball fan.

Huge first pitch thrower.

Yeah.

You go around from team to team just throwing out how many teams have you hit by now?

72 teams.

72 major league baseball teams.

That's amazing.

How many left to go?

42 teams left to go.

There's too many baseball teams.

I'm telling you.

Not enough for me.

America's game.

For me, that would be the worst possible day.

Yeah.

We all often.

I would love to hear your worst possible days.

You're most important.

More relevant in America right now than in baseball.

Baseball.

What would be your worst day not to have arms?

Oh, brother.

Let's see, free olive loaf at cigars.

When they're given away that good bread, that good olive bread.

May I make a suggestion?

Should you not have arms some day on free olive loaf day?

Sure.

Just head to bread.

Head to bread.

Face the bread.

Face the bread and you start mowing through it.

Because the nice thing about bread is once it's in that system, it's in there.

Yeah.

So you just chat out on that.

So that wouldn't be the worst time.

Yeah, that wouldn't be.

So is a solution.

There's always a solution.

Yeah.

I think if for me, if I saw one of those awful, rich wing politicians and I wanted to give them the bird, if I saw one of these guys, these...

Who's your least favorite right wing politician?

For me right now, it's this new skingerage.

Mmm.

If I saw this...

He's in the news lately.

If I saw this new skingerage, I'd want to flip him to bird with both hands.

Right.

And then I got to say, I'm a real leftist, a subversive person, my friend.

I was kicked out of the weatherman for being too subversive .

Yeah.

And he also thought it was going to...

There would be weather discussion.

Right, yeah.

You're an amateur meteorologist.

Yeah, it's a zero storm company.

He's an observer of the sky, I'd say.

Right.

And so that would be your worst day.

But even that you could just insult him with your mouth and voice.

Oh, I wouldn't want to disrespect him.

It would be even more poignant that an armless man is screaming it.

I agree with that.

There's a lot of play.

Oh.

Maybe you don't actually need arms in your life story.

Yeah, you don't need arms.

Exactly.

Make, you know, apple juice out of a, you know...

If you're two biggest hobbies of reading bread and yelling at someone, you may not need arms.

Is that your comedy routine, by the way?

Say again.

Is that your...

Jeff Fox really knows how to come.

You may be.

Yeah, you may not need arms.

I do the hick shows.

The white trash.

Right.

I go, you white trash, you're going to like this.

Booze, you know.

I'm off.

In the car.

Just like Tony Bennett, right from the stage to the car.

That's what he does?

Yeah, yeah.

Well, that's not a show.

Tony Bennett is probably a bastard thing.

It's the sweetest man I've almost met.

Yeah.

Just a little square.

He'd say, hey, nice to meet you.

I'm Tony Bennett.

Nice to meet you, cream cheese.

Nice to meet you, I'm Tony Bennett.

When he walks into a green room, he says hello to everything on the condiment.

Nice to meet you, cut carrot.

Hey, sliced bagel.

Nice to meet you.

What would be...

You lemon drop.

George, what would be your worst day?

That's not having fun in the day.

And what are your two favorite hobbies?

Well, I make my own shampoo commercials, so I wouldn't be able to do that if I had no arms.

And what would one of those commercials be?

Huh?

What would one of those shampoo commercials be?

Without arms, that's what I'm saying.

How would I rub into dennerex?

Oh, good.

What's ironic is that you could be heading show this above the competition, but...

Haha, interesting.

That is ironic.

Where do you air these commercials or do you just have a private collection that you...

No, shelf.

Yeah, shelf.

Shuff of tapes.

Yeah.

What the no arms would do is they'd force me to buy that lousy tripod from the circuit city.

Oh, okay.

So that's bad.

Yeah, because I'm always holding and dropping the camera because I got shampoo hands.

Right into the tub.

Run and press play.

Run back in front of the camera.

Yeah.

Okay.

He won't let me help.

If I'm there, I'm sitting by and watching.

There's a lot of wet back and tush shots as I struggle to pick up the camera.

And I said, I can help.

Let me just press play.

Yeah.

He doesn't trust me.

He doesn't do it.

Yeah.

So what are your two favorite hobbies follow up?

My two favorite hobbies of all time.

Yeah, I mean, obviously we have here with Gil, we have shouting of people.

Oh, yeah.

He can have anything bread.

Writ wing.

Only the writ wing.

He's shouting a right wing people in your bread.

And also those young awful blacks.

Oh, I don't know.

Yeah, he's very liberal.

He doesn't like young awful blacks.

I don't think that's liberal at all.

Making fake badges, fake police badges.

It's got to be like badges.

Yeah, making fake badges.

You do even need your arms to do that.

I do.

That's true.

Okay.

So maybe that would be your worst day not to have arms would be the day where you if I was trying to do my thing by using a fake police badge and I could.

Yeah, I couldn't hold it.

I almost feel like you wouldn't be believable as a policeman without two arms.

They might go, you know, how are you on the force and I'd say I'm internal affairs and I'm going to shut this whole town down.

Okay, so you've proven your point.

Have you ever played a policeman?

No, I've never gotten to play a policeman.

Oh, never ever carried a gun, never fired a gun.

I fired a gun.

Which, which project?

On the subject.

I felt so powerful.

So powerful.

Which project was that?

That just make you way to seal.

I would have been to get into what project because I don't necessarily want you to see it.

Oh, okay.

Is this the kill girl movie?

The kill girl movie.

The kill girl when you were a cow girl?

Oh, yeah, the cow girl movie.

That's exactly what you're doing.

Oh, I love that.

Even if your girls get the blues movie.

Yeah, even so.

That was a hit.

That's a big hit.

I bet everyone here 10 grand my last money that that was a hit.

Okay.

All right.

I think that action.

All right.

You too.

Okay.

All right.

Fine.

Wait, are we splitting it up?

Because he only has 10 grand.

No, he'll go donated.

I'll borrow money.

He'll come on the whole for this.

To make this bet.

All right.

Any other questions about the other scenario?

Yeah.

We took it.

How could you ever forget who the band poison was?

Yeah.

Right?

Sure.

Yeah.

Wait, repeat the second bit.

Permanently forget what poison is.

And it is the band and the substance.

Okay.

I have a question.

Okay.

If you forgot what poison was even one time, then let that.

Game over.

Yeah.

So permanently, I don't see how that makes it worse.

Sure.

This is a scenario if it's one time that's too much.

One time is way too much.

It's my question.

Even if you don't know what poison is, you look at a bottle .

It says bleach, skull and crossbones.

Exactly.

That's pirates.

You're going to avoid that anyway.

No, you're going to think it's pirate juice and you're going to drink it because you love pirates.

You're going to think it's pirate juice.

Yeah.

That's probably true.

Yeah.

How orphaned this one in counter poison?

Yeah, let's talk about it.

How often do you see poison in your life?

It's everywhere.

It's everywhere around us.

Every single day.

Yeah.

D-T.

Yeah.

For me, poison is one of those.

It's that fine line because I think, oh, poison.

If I just take just enough, I'm going to get one of those good buzzes.

Sure.

I'm not afraid of poison.

My daughter baby-proofed my whole apartment so I can't even get under the sink and there's a drip.

Right.

Yeah.

Did she baby-proof the toilet as well?

She baby-proofed the toilet and then she...

She's seren wrapped it for prandex.

She's a practical joker.

And when I say daughter, I mean Jamaican nurse.

Right.

Hyacinth.

And she's a star of black shenanigans.

You tried to get it and she screamed at me.

Right.

I mean, have you ever been screamed at by a Jamaican woman in a shower cap?

I'm in a nurse's life.

Searching through the pages of my life and I don't believe that I ever have.

Nothing will get you bone town like that.

Bone town.

Yeah.

Bone town is next to Circuit City.

What's Circuit City or euphemism for?

Circuit City.

It's a euphemism for a, for a- Ladies viguard.

Ladies.

Okay.

I'm a Italian.

Because you put 10% down?

Exactly.

No payments for 24 months.

You get next to the bone town.

Oh boy, oh boy.

Oh boy.

Any other questions about either of these scenarios?

Yeah.

Okay.

You don't have to be so sad.

Oh, my son called back.

Oh, yeah.

I don't think that's specific to the game.

Beautiful son, Elon Faisan.

Oh, Elon is a good...

He's the athlete of the family.

Oh, he's the gay capital of the family.

Yeah.

Oh, I'm so sorry to hear it.

I got a beautiful boy named Joe too.

Yeah, what does he do?

He's a musician.

You should have him on show.

I will, yeah.

Bring him by when he says it.

I'm always trying to promote Joel.

He's a good kid.

I fondled him once.

This guy was asleep.

I'm on wine.

And I must have spilled something.

You were on one and a half wine.

I was on one and a half, but...

Classes are bottles.

Okay.

We bag our own wine and we bring it with us.

Sure.

Is this the scope that's coming out of the baby proof toilet?

Whoa, we put a little scope in for flavors.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The sweet and scope.

It's sweet and scope.

Sweet and scope.

It's one part sweet and low.

Splendoscope.

One part splendor.

You gotta mix those two.

One part scope.

And then one bag of France here.

Yeah.

And we just hit the streets.

Yeah, how much do you get for an ounce of that?

Always this, you know, let's have a sip before we sell it.

And then...

Yeah.

Lahn, got lahn.

It's like they say always use your own supply.

Yeah, always.

They say always.

Always.

Never alive on your own supply.

No, not here.

You're not here.

2005 on your own supply.

No, it's 2012.

But we are...

Oh, it's really?

Yeah.

Have you guys been on scope for the past seven years?

No, excuse me.

This jiu-jiu bush.

Sure.

Not my kind of guy.

No, he's been out for a while.

Yeah, a few years now.

Yeah, we have a new guy that clinics with...

Who's that?

Care for.

Ghost Obama.

Oh, Ghost President.

Yeah, Ghost President.

We pitched that 1992.

This is for Bill Crystal.

Yeah.

Ghost President.

Yeah.

Billy Crystal is president, you know, but then he's...

There's a long murder scene.

Oh, assassination.

It takes up about...

It takes about 75 minutes at the Supreme time.

It's very graphic, poorly done.

Oh, is that written in the script?

It's not an assassination.

It is a murder.

It's a murder.

And then...

Uh-oh.

He's turned the White House into a hornet house.

A hornet house?

A hornet house.

I was attached to the VOGI and that killed the whole thing.

Ooh.

How much screen time is that?

Just for the last five minutes?

Is the actual Ghost President part?

Yeah, with the murder and the aftermath and then a full funeral.

Which I...

Many speakers.

...scory boarded.

Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.

Free hand.

Oh, wow.

And then the cleanup, because they did the funeral first.

Yeah.

Thing you gotta go back to.

Carpet cleaning, so long.

You know, sometimes the White House is the Red House.

Because of the blood.

Because of the whole...

Because of the blood.

Okay.

President Billy Crystal.

Also, we did call him President Billy Crystal throughout the movie.

Well, of course.

I mean, if Ronald Reagan could become president, it's so perfect.

Sure.

Have you ever met Billy Crystal?

Yeah, I have.

And?

Yumki-pore.

Oh.

Oh, that is the way it is.

You leave a chair open for Billy Crystal every young Kippur .

Have for a single year.

For Elijah Muhammad.

No, no, no.

You met him on...

On Coléager?

You met him...

What?

Now, what was his hungry breath like?

Because everybody like a snowflake, every hungry breath is different.

I bet...

I have bet my entire retirement fund on what he would break fast with.

What did he...

Oh, God, I got to win this.

I got to win this bet.

Well, what did you...

What did you bet...

What did you think it was?

What did I say it would be?

Yeah.

I'm embarrassed to say now.

Oh, come on.

We're in some hungry.

Of course.

Me.

All right.

Well, I'm about to close the floor for questions.

It was his radish.

So close.

The radish that you put on horse meat.

I'll call Bruno Kirby.

See if he'll take the...

See if I still win with horse radish.

You were betting Bruno Kirby.

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

So you slickers one.

Yeah, spoiler alert.

What?

He wasn't even in city slickers.

Yeah, and he's...

What?

Anyway.

What?

I want my money.

Why is everyone quiet?

You want your money that you did not win?

I win on a technicality.

It was worse than the name.

Gill is a real brat when he gets to it.

Yeah.

And your Gill.

Well done.

All right.

I'm closing the floor for questions.

We're going to vote.

George, how do you like to vote here?

How do I like to vote?

Sure.

I like to go into the booth.

And then...

Show your legal ID, of course.

I show my legal ID.

Which is a law.

Which is a medical bracelet that I for.

Right.

But on this...

It says HIV negative.

You got to forge that?

Yeah.

Well, I had one that said something else.

I put them to paper.

A little white out.

A little white out and a little pink marker.

But how do you like to vote on this scenario?

Do you want the arms scenario or the poison?

I would rather not know what poison is.

Okay.

Because I'm protected by nurses and my good friend, Gill.

Go out in a blaze of glory.

All right.

I'm going to agree with George on this and go poison.

Go poison, really.

Is it because the pitching is just your first love?

I cannot stop pitching.

Where can people see you before the World Series?

All over the Scrateland.

And iTunes, on big screens.

And pitching in Major League Baseball perks.

Yeah.

You can see me on your computer, on the iTunes.

On the mound?

Yeah.

Is this one of these dirty girl on girl films?

On the mound.

Ooh.

Bonetan.

Answer the goddamn question.

Yeah.

Well, I haven't looked to you.

But Gill, how do you like to?

You are Gill, right?

Yeah.

How do you like to vote?

You know, I'm going to do no arms.

You're doing no arms going against the grain here.

Why is that?

Because I'll put my big fat Jewish mouth over anything I need and use it.

All right.

I'll bite through people.

I'll eat my own face off.

Okay.

Well, let me tally up the points and, uh, well, the no arms was the correct answer.

So Gill, you are the winner.

Oh, wow.

That's how we play Would You Rather, of course.

Get stuff, George.

Get stuff, Blissy.

A good winner.

Yeah.

Sorry.

You're a dignity and it's victory.

You guys are not poor losers though, so thank you so much.

No problem.

Uh, we just have one last thing to do on the show and that is a little something that we call plugs.

I've got him.

I was waiting for that.

I am Scott Ockerman.

I was talking with my friend when some weirdo interrupted the show.

We sold it on all the same.

We even played a couple of games, but before I let you go, we've got time enough for a plug.

A little room in your heart for plugs.

Alright.

That was a great song.

That is a nice melody.

Time enough for plugs by Si-Fi spelled Si like, huh, and Fi spelled the same way.

Thank you so much for that, Si-Fi.

If you have a plugs theme that you would like to hear on the show, go head on over to www.aurewolf.com and go to the comedy bank, bank, message boards posted in the appropriate thread and you can be famous for a week and Si-Fi, you are famous for this week and this week only and then back to obscurity for you.

Alright, so what do we have to plug?

Lizzy, obviously the best of the red.

That's the red.

September is seventh in theaters and then I have another couple little movies coming out.

It's called Frankie Go Boom, now it's called 3-2-1.

That was at South by Southwest and everyone was talking about it.

They said it was fantastic.

Everybody was talking about it.

And now they're going to be watching it.

They're going to be watching it.

And then there's another movie called Save the Date that Martin Starr and Alison Brie and lots of great people are in.

They both talked about that on this very show.

Yeah, because they don't have anything else.

They don't have Frankie Go Boom or the best of that.

But you're one of America's greatest stars.

You were fantastic.

Well, Alison's got four seasons on community.

Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.

Okay.

Um, Gil, what do you have to plug here?

Let's see.

I'm going to be shouting in a, what I think is a nation man at the YMCA next week for most of the week.

That's on the upper west side?

Oh, sure.

Uh-huh.

And then a hot bath.

Uh, I don't know what, I don't know what the answer to this question is right now.

That's okay.

You don't have to have anything.

My bath is good though.

Yeah.

Uh, bath make you dizzy.

I want to plug, uh, first of all, thank you to Paul Martin Putura.

Paul Martin, thank you so much for donating a hundred dollars to the show, keeping the lights on.

We appreciated something special coming out to you.

I also want to plug Go, head on over and get our tour, uh, episodes.

Go to the ear, we'll store to get those.

You get, uh, 14 shows for $25.

They were a lot of fun.

We toured this great land a lot like Lizzie with her baseball.

We went to, uh, from town to town and, uh, throwing out laughter instead of first pitches.

Mm-hmm.

Um, um, very nice.

Very nice.

Thank you so much.

That's very nice.

But we had a lot of great people, uh, guest stars on that show.

You have Adam Scott and Harris Whittles doing, uh, new characters on one of them.

You have, uh, uh, Taren Kilham and Bobby Moynihan.

And, uh, you, of course, I have James Adomian on almost every show, Paul F. Tomkins, Matt Besser, Tim Heidecker, so many great people on those shows.

They were really, really funny and they're, they're all getting great reviews.

So I would say, go head on over there.

And now, uh, George, what do you have to plug?

What do I have coming up?

Yep.

I'll be appearing at comedy store in 1979.

Okay.

Once not passed.

Uh, Bonnaroo.

Bonnaroo?

Is that Bonnaroo?

The Bonnaroo?

The Bonnaroo.

Yeah.

I'm going there tomorrow.

Great.

I think it's in June.

Okay.

Uh, and then I'm going to do all the festivals.

You're just going to wait until June next June?

Uh, Southtown.

Southtown, no West.

Uh, what about Hamdance?

Hamdance.

Some pending, pending, Hamdance appearance.

What about Sean Pending?

Sean Pending.

Sean Pends Festival.

I'm going to that.

Great.

Uh, that's called Big Hair.

Big Hair.

It's called Greasy Hair Week Chin.

And that's what he called it.

That's him.

That is him.

That's him.

That's on him.

He's got a real sense of humor about himself.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Uh, and I'll be at, uh, Sasquatch, uh, sighting festival.

Uh, huh.

Where you just sit around in the woods trying to...

It's a parked car in the woods.

Okay.

And...

There goes one.

Yeah, there goes one.

Oh no, that was, that was a cop again.

Hahaha.

Trying to see what Hanky Panky is going on in the car.

Trying to, trying to get me assistance.

Because he's worried about me is what he said.

Yeah, the fog that windows.

I flashed my badge.

That's a felony.

Yep.

Yeah.

Uh, great.

So I'm good.

And then I might, I keep going on the balcony in my hotel and thinking about jumping or so.

I might do that.

I'm going to do it.

Sure.

Probably a way.

I'm betting night.

Because you want to surprise people.

The day I can call people at a nice show.

It's very lucky.

Well, because he's got one of those cell phone plans that only can do daytime calls.

Sure.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's a burner.

Can you see that?

Yeah.

It's a hard wink.

That was hard for me.

Yeah.

Uh, alright.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

What do you say?

Closing up.

Yeah.

Pugging this man.

I know what the...

Closing up the plug bag thing.

Oh, thank God.

Oh, those plugs almost got out.

Thank God.

We close up the old plug bag.

Thanks, guys.

This is a great show.

Yeah.

I had a great time with you.

This was really good.

Thank you.

Please come by anytime.

And if anybody out there from networks heard any of these TV shows that we were pitching, you know, don't steal them.

We want a Louis deal.

You're all money.

No note.

All control.

All control all money.

Critics.

Plus critics like.

Critics.

Alright, we'll see you next week.

Bye-bye.

Here it goes.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.

The Wolf Dead.
