---
layout: page
title: 175. Justin Kirk, Paul F. Tompkins [13899⧸21059].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Justin Kirk is the star of animal practice on NBC coming out on Wednesdays at 8.

Also, you know him from weeds, you know him from Angels in America.

And the fall TV season, we're in the thick of it. The stars are out in Hollywood.

He's the only guest we have booked on the show. He is the only person who will be talking.

Certainly no one will come in. No one unannounced will interrupt the show.

So only him, only him, and no more, all on today's...

♪♪ Happiness doesn't come cheap, but sometimes strawberry rhub arb pie goes on sale.

And that's pretty much the same thing. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Interesting. Happiness doesn't come cheap, but sometimes strawberry rhubarb pie goes on sale.

And that's pretty much the same thing. That comes to us from Mike Age 4.

Mike, thank you so much for that catchphrase submission. If you have a catchphrase submission, go head on over to yearwolf.com. You know where to send it.

And welcome to the show.

This is Scott Ocherman. This is Comedy Bang Bang. That pretty much covers it.

You're in. You're into the world now. I've invited you in.

You know everything about it.

And this is exciting because there comes a very special time of year when the Fall TV shows have come upon us. And we're in it.

September, the Fall TV shows are here.

And we have a very special month, of course, where we're talking to all of your favorite Fall TV stars.

And we have one literally right in front of me. And he's not skyping. He's not calling in.

He's not phoning in. He came right here into the yearwolf studios.

Despite the murderers on the streets. There is a murder happening right out in front of the yearwolf.

And kids, if you're thinking of growing up and wanting to join the glamorous world of show business, that's really what it's all about. I mean, I have here a TV star, not only in the making, but I mean NBC, of course, is a step up perhaps from the show.

The shithole that I was at before. Absolutely. And I'll say who this is.

And you'll get a real clear idea of who it is until then try to piece together the clues.

But here I have a TV star and myself. I'm a podcast host.

And if you want to get into show business, you're on TV too. Yeah, I am on TV. That's true. That's what it's all about.

You're going to come across some murders when you move to LA. You're going to be stepping across the crime scene in order to get to wherever you're going. I was in New York doing a play earlier this year. And I read in the news about the head found in Beechwood. And I got to say, it really made me miss home. Because that kind of thing happens in LA all the time. You'll just be hiking in Griffith Park. And you'll stumble across a dead body. Just being picked up by coyotes.

Or just the head. Well, I heard that the woman who found it thought it was a prop.

This is serious and listed it up to take pictures of it.

That is the greatest. That is the greatest. That is the greatest. That only in LA, am I right?

That comes to us in the only in LA file. Let me introduce you. You know him as the... And we have the new fall TV stars here. Let me first just say that . You will know him as the star, the hub, the center around which the show animal practice revolves. That's animal practice Wednesdays on NBC. Eight o'clock. Eight o'clock. Family hour. Leading the entire night. That's right.

No lead in for us except for what comes before that like extra or something like that probably.

Extra indicated. Extra indicated. Yeah. So to syndicated entertainment. Depends on your market.

I would imagine that Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy. I got ... People say it's pressure to lead off the night. But to me, I'm just excited not to lose someone 's huge lead in. Yeah, exactly.

You don't have to worry about retention. Yeah. You also know him from Weeds where you were on for Nion six years. Let's say eight. Eight years on Weeds along with our buddy Kevin Nealon from the show. And several other things which we'll talk about. But Justin Kirk is here. Welcome to the show.

First time guest. Long time listener. Pop. Pop. Pop. Pop.

Pop. Pop. Pop. Pop. Pop.

Kid. Those reference. I don't know. Randy Rose from Aussie Osborns Band. Close.

Which one for America? You know, Randy Rose. She's like a tough talking. The broil talk radio.

I thought you said you would. I did. But it's called difference. Spin it.

Not the same as the late great. That's what I was pron ouncing it differently.

She would say first time and then do a pop like a cork popping in the champagne bottle.

Oh, that's interesting. Yeah. It's a fun bit of trivial.

Feel free to use it.

Where is she lately? I think she does her show from Florida . And then I think maybe she called Hillary Clinton some bad word. And so she got suspended or it's been a while.

I know she liked Weeds. Oh good. Yeah. I remember hearing that she liked Weeds. So I.

She didn't call you a bad name. No, no, she did not. Not on the air. Anyway, well, it was a bad name. You can say it. It was either the C word or something gentler.

You know, but it wasn't actually during something gentler than the C word. Is that possible?

It wasn't during her show. It was like on stage at a fundraiser or something like that.

Introducing her. It was during the primaries and she was an Obama supporter. And so she was sort of talking smack about Hillary at the time. Oh boy.

If I remember correctly, this is the salad days of. And she thought that Hillary Clinton was a prop and she picked up her head to take pictures with her.

That's right. That's right.

Justin, first time on the show. Thank you so much for coming. I'm very excited to be here.

I'm excited because it's the fall TV season is upon us, which, you know, I mean, some people really like the holidays. Yeah. To me, September, when all those shows premiere, that's that's my favorite time of year. And I love just like saying, Hey, here's what I like.

Here's what I don't like. Well, tell me something besides animal practice, which I'm sure is already in your in your season past. What else are you excited for?

Well, we have a of course, friend of the show, Brett Gell man is on go on.

Right, right. And that's our friend Aaron Ginsburg tweeted the other day, goon.

I'm so excited for Matthew Perry's new show, goon. It kind of looks like that on the poster.

It kind of does. Of course, you know, I'm excited for all of our favorite shows to return.

You know, Parks and Rec. I call it Parks and Recreation because that's the formal title. And I want to afford it the respect it deserves.

Sorry, I apologize to all the cast members. We also have CommuniTay coming back with so many NBC shows. NBC is really the place for quality comedy. Is it not?

Well, I mean, in my lifetime, you know, that's where all the classics that I grew up with were, you know, I love Lucy. True. Did you know we shot when we were the first six seasons, we shot, we'd set the Desi Lou, well, the Renmar Studios, it was a card, but it's where Desi Lou happened.

Were you, could you ascertain exactly where they shot that show?

It was a small lot. So probably the same place.

Same place. Yeah, yeah. It's just a couple stages on the whole thing.

And now on our current animal practice stage, Taxi, a lot, there's a long list of, you know, various shows that you don't care about, but Taxi was a lot of.

Oh, yeah. I think maybe. Where are you shooting that show right now?

Paramount. Paramount? What exact lot and how do people get on to the live?

Yeah, well, you can, you can, my, my, my, my, my pseudonym is Bobby Lee.

Okay. So look for a trailer that says Dr. Yamamoto and just come in.

The funniest food minutes. Just come in and do what you have to.

And animal practice, if people don't know, it's an NBC show which debuted after the Olympics, which is exciting. Yeah.

Because you got all the sports fans who only watch sports.

Yeah.

You know, and then they're tuning into this and they're like, what is this comedy?

Well, more importantly, you've got the people who can't find the remote.

Right. So no matter what happens, you're going to, you know , they're going to be stuck looking at percentage of Americans can't find their remote, would you say, or do we still have the thing with the click, you know, the clicker to walk up to it and turn it. No, that was a, I believe me, never in my, in my life, did I dream that I would be on the show that was following the closing ceremonies. And I certainly never thought that I would bump the who that was really exciting.

And if people don't know what we're talking about, your show came on after the closing ceremonies where they had a lot of musicians on almost after.

Some sort of interruption in the middle, which, which the thing is, is everyone made a big fuss about it. But from what I understand, that is kind of their playbook. They've done it before.

And the idea is, well, sure, you'll piss some people off, but you're still holding a lot of people hostage to watch your new show. Right.

So, you know, there was a couple angry people on Twitter, I suppose. So I've heard, I don't, I don't look at that sort of thing. Sure. I'm certainly not . But you're in show business.

Why would you bother? You have handlers for that. There was a time when I would, when I would look at that stuff, because the good stuff would, outweigh, would enrich me. No, I appreciate the thought.

And, but then the bad stuff, I could just sort of let, you know, go off. But I'm taking a break. It's a moment.

Mm hmm. When you're on a show with a monkey in a lab coat, it's not a bad idea to take a break.

No, you're, and maybe you're giving people the wrong idea about the show animal practice.

Yeah. I don't want to do that. You have a monkey in a lab coat. But now I've seen, I've, I saw it after the closing ceremony. I actually saw it in Canada, which seems vaguely un-American. Mm hmm. But I was in Canada and I watched the show after the close, or in the middle of the closing ceremonies. Yeah. And it's a very funny show . First of all, let me just say, your performance is very unique. Thank you. And, I'm under you. Very, very interesting. Thank you.

You're not playing it the typical way that I think, when you think of, you know, lead in a network sitcom. Oh man, I'm doing my best. It's very funny. It is, it is really, really fun. You know, the thing is, is that it is a, all, all gags aside. It's a very strong cast of comic performers. Mm hmm. One of which is a monkey in a lab coat. But then there are, you know, six other humans that are all just really strong, weird, committed comedy people.

We have Betsy Siderow from UCB who... Betsy Siderow is a, if I may interrupt you, is a woman who I think it's rude. Go ahead. If you, I mean, you can join in. Never been on television or film. If you are on my show, but anyway, go ahead. So one person who can refute your claim, except for the important ones, but she is known and beloved at the United, uh, upright citizens brigade, uh, as a sketch comedy performer. Yeah, she's very fine. So I'm obsessed with her. Speaking of friend Kevin Nealon, I would sometimes like break during stuff with him and Louise. I hate it when people break on say. I cannot get through a scene with Betsy Siderow. Every breath out of her mouth is hilarious. So you are, you have become the kind of actor that you despise. I'm getting over it. I don't find her as funny as I did in the pilot. You have to get over it . You gotta say, you have to, you know, that's otherwise, you know, you get fired. But it 's a really funny show and when I say your performance is kind of unique, you're just giving strange line readings and you, I don't mean to characterize it like it's, uh, bad strange.

I mean, they're just so, I would never think to say the lines of the way that you're saying that there is just, your performance is super strong and it's a really funny show and you have, you happen to have a monkey in a lab code, but it's not done like, you know, I don't know, BJ in the bear or something where it's like, the show doesn't hinge upon that. It's not a buddy comedy with me and a monkey. Right.

The monkey is your buddy. The monkey is in fact my best friend. It's very funny. So it's not to confuse the audience. It may or may not be a doctor. We never really let you know about that.

It's done in a way that's really funny. I mean, it could go either way you would think, but...

It's magical realism. We never get let on whether it's sort of human properties.

First of all, the actor is a woman or a female, female monkey. So you tell me one other show on network television where an actor is playing another gender. Yeah. That's how radical we are.

Wow. You are ahead of your time. Boy. I didn't think about that. But it's, it's kind of akin tonally to maybe community where the Russo brothers, another show that Crystal was on.

Right. Yeah. She played the monkey that went in the ventil ator shaft and all that. Annie's boobs is her name on on community. Oh, right. I'm sorry. I thought you were just tossing something out that would have been a period interest. Let's stop talking about the monkey and start a quick talk about Alice and Bree's breasts. Friend of the show, Alice and Bree. But yeah, community, also the monkey from Hangover 2. That's right. I have a museum. It's a long, long resume that just allows. Yeah. But what's even more important is how great the cast is and how how funny the show is. Great writers and you know, Wednesday is an NBC. I think I'm excited.

You know, we're in the early stages still, but I'm optimistic to the strange and wonderful show it can become. Yeah. I think it was very funny. What I saw of it was very funny. I know you're in the middle of it and premiere September 26 on NBC, Wednesday. Wednesday is an eight. And I do want to talk to you about you mentioned the theater. You mentioned treading the boards. And I wanted to talk to you about that because you you the theater is one of my loves. Is that right? It really is. And I I have friends who are in the theater and and there are people on the show who have been on the theater. But I did I did want to talk to you about a one role in particular, which I love that you did what the you were in the filmed adaptation of my favorite play of all time, Angels in America playing prior, which and I saw the I saw the very first production of that show three times the taper at the taper to the small taper, right back in 1989, the the like 99 seat theater before it ever went, you know, it's a broad way to taper and all that. And was it already did you already know something was a foot? Well, my friend was in it because he he was one of the stagehands, but he had to play the Eskimo who who gestures to to someone in it. That was he was one of the stagehands moving things around, but they needed a body to be an Eskimo. So we put on an Eskimo costume and like motion to her. So he told me there was this really great play. So I was like, all right, go check it out. And then I saw it was just blown away by it. It was a three hour play.

You did where they're doing the first part? They did the first part. Yeah, the second part wasn't even written at this point. Right. And blown away by and went to go see it two more times that summer and just a great plane. And this is one of your first jobs out of school, right?

No, I, but anyway, so well, I saw that where the play was on, on Broadway when I was fresh out of school. So I was doing actually my like my first New York job across the street, a play that was not quite as celebrated at the time. I remember looking over at the big lines at Paris, Deuika, but then 10 years later, they finally got around to making some sort of filmed version of it. And at that, and then, and I was in that. You're in it. I was going, what an amazing cast, Al Pacino, Meryl Streep, for my money. And maybe it's just me, but it's true.

That's true. Yeah. But maybe it's just me. But for me, I mean, Al Pacino and Meryl Streep, two of the greatest American actors of our time and maybe you're taking a, for me, anyway, go for it. You know what I mean? I mean, I don't know. Mike Nichols, maybe it's just me. But for me, like when you think of directors, you, and especially directors of movies like The Graduate, you think of Mike Nichols. He was , he was one of those directors.

He really was. But that, I mean, what an amazing experience . Yeah, I was really, I was scared most of the time. But no. But here we are. Yeah, but it seems to have worked out. Whatever.

I, if that's 10 years now, I was just thinking that the other way shot that in throughout 2002. Great. And then you did eight seasons of weeds.

Crazy. Crazy this long, strange trip. It has been. As they say. Yeah. I heard about that.

Well, anyway, the theater, I just, I could talk to you about the theater all day. I mean, I love it. I mean, let's go through some of your roles.

What was the, first of all, what was the play that you were in across the street? Oh, that was called Any Given Day. And, wait on Any Given Sunday? Is that? Yeah, it was about, it was Cameron Diaz and LL Cool J. No, it was the, it was the prequel to a play called The Subject Was Roses, sort of 50s kitchen sink drama. But I was in a wheelchair and also mentally handicapped. So I thought I'll never get as, this is the greatest role. You 'll never do it. Never do it. Never do it.

And I haven't. But, but yeah, that's what I, it was actually a great show, but I was, yeah, I was pretty fresh out of, out of school at the time. And then on Any Given Sunday, also starring Al Pacino. That's right. So it just goes to show you just the weird ways that a career can go.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So then, what was the play you were doing this year? Oh, I went in for Tommy Sadoski, who's on the newsroom, play called Other Desert Cities. So I went in for him for like three months. All right. While he was out here, we're there in S orkin making, you know, news TV.

And what was that role? I played a reality show producer.

It was a, it's a, it's a very current family goes home. It was a pretty sweet play. That's a secret skeletons.

An old Hollywood Republicans in Palm Springs. And the daughter comes home and she's written a book about their son who killed themselves. Kill, kill himself.

And things are revealed throughout, as you can imagine they might be. Oh my gosh. That's a powerful stock of Channing, Stacey Keach, Ooh, Judith Light. So, you know, yeah. Heavy hitters. So there you go. Yeah. Stacey Keach from, what was that? Detective show? My camera. My camera, of course. Yeah. But also a, a, a major like classical theater actor. Yeah. He was. Yeah. Just emptying the waist, pay for the basket.

I do beg your pardon. Move your foot, sir. Please. Thank you very much. Just the janitor.

My soul. Removing the waist, pay for the waist, pay for the basket. Sorry. I, I, I, I've told the cleaning staff not to come in during a show.

Yes. Hello. Just. Hi.

Lift your foot. Yes. Clean next. Can you just. Just you escaped. Since you're here, could you, do you mind not dumping those in the, wait. There you go.

Did you have a destruction for me? I'm glad you take it.

But you are my superior in every way.

This person looks very familiar to me. This is, this is no janitor. This is Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber. I will be on my way. No, no, no, no. Come, come back. Come back.

Please. Sir, sit down, sit down. If you, I wouldn't.

The very idea. I'll be a lonely janitor sitting in a jar with a microphone in front of it.

As your superior, as your superior, I, I order you. I divert your authority.

Yeah. It was talking to this microphone. If you would. This microphone here.

Lord Webber. Hello. Shall I, I beg your pardon? This is exciting. How did you address me?

Lord Webber. Lord Webber. Andrew Lloyd Webber. Hello.

Welcome back to the show.

Certainly confused. I don't know what you eat. My name is Mike.

Your name is Mike. Mike the janitor. I am but a lonely custodian of this podcast, Jewel Building. It may be I that is confused because as far as I know, do you, do you know, I mean, you're from the theater. We were just talking about the theater.

You know the work of Andrew Lloyd Webber. I say, I do. Is that Justin Kirk, the noted the as being? Oh, this is exciting. I can't lie. Great to get real. How are you? I very well know to make your acquaintance. I have enjoyed. It seems I have enjoyed your work on both stage and screen, but I, I cannot remember when that would have taken place. That's all right. I'm the last 10 years, it sounds like. I have the distinct notion that I've seen you trading the ball.

Zidiet. I can't remember ever being in a theater. A lily, a janitor, such as myself. You can't remember being in a theater, Justin. I enjoy seeing people beat the hell out of each other with their fists.

That's the sort of thing I like. I don't think the janitors . And you're American football.

I like MMMMA. MMA. Sorry. Yes. The mix of martial arts.

Justin, I had no idea that his tastes ran so. I don't think they do. I think, you know, this sounds like to me. I crave your indulgence. I can't hear you whispering through these heading phone. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Do you, you mentioned that you've, don't remember being in a theater or on a stage? Well, why should I ever be doing in a theater?

Look, I wouldn't cover all. Cleaning it.

Maybe. Cleaning it. Oh, the game is a foot. May have. I was a theatrical custodian.

Well, were you? I mean, no. Okay. Well, let me think as far back as I can remember.

What is the last thing you can remember? This morning. Yes, this morning.

This morning is the last memory you have. Yes. What was that memory, if I may?

Well, let's see. I remember starting the day with just a terrible headache, putting on my coveralls and coming into work here, this podcast you were building. Where were your coveralls?

They were right there on the floor where I apparently had left them.

So you woke up, you had a headache. Yes. You saw one of those bleeding headaches, you know, there's a great deal of blood coming out of your head.

Starting to make some sense. Yeah, thanks all. What might have happened.

I think you take off your headphones for a second because I want to talk to someone who wants to whisper to Justin over here.

Absolutely. I know my place.

I think Andrew Lloyd Webber has amnesia. What are we supposed to do?

Well, I've heard about amnesia that it's sort of like sleep walking. You're not supposed to ever startle them out of it. So I think we need to go along with Mike the Janitor. I guess so. Or try to lead him somehow back towards Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Does that make sense? That's a very generous thing to do. Look, he's a friend of ours. He's a friend of the show. I would do it to anyone. I would do it to Allison Brie. He was a friend of the show. He's been a guest. I and really Webber has been like a... He's been on the show quite a few times. When you knew he was himself. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I mean, I feel like I owe it to him. Well, let me know what I can do to help. Well, I need you by my side is what I'm trying to say. I'm not going anywhere.

Okay. I'd appreciate it. I mean, if not only if you wouldn 't go anywhere, but you'd actually help me. Is that possible? I'll have to do my best. You keep saying things like I'm going to do my best.

Just saying you'll help me. Of course, of course. Just say yes. I will help you. That's all I want.

I guess any direction as to what might. Okay, I'll give you direction, but just I need you but absolutely. Thank you so much. Oh my God. I'm not going to ask you to ask me. Forgive this intrusion. Also the day of my favorite sports television program. I notice you are whispering about for quite a long time. May I replace by hitting first ? Yes. Please put those back on. Mike.

I thank you. Mike, thanks. Can I ask Mike? Where did you get that name? First of all, sir, you may ask me anything and I am bound to answer it as I am but a lowly generator.

And I am your boss. Yes, you did. The boss of bosses like happy dude to be happy.

So then without any further ado, how did you get that name?

If I...

Yes. Well, I suppose my parents gave it to me and then st itched it upon this name tag that is he erredorting the left breast of I cover all. Yes.

Okay. So that makes sense. That seems that seems to be... Oh, you can still read English. Yes.

Okay. So you are you can read English.

Oh, yes. I do write it as well if you be. Would you mind writing something down for us?

Oh, certainly. What would you like me to write? Write down your name if you could. Certainly.

Let's just grab... There's a pen pin here. Oh, this proving to be difficult. Well, if you know your name.

Yes. I certainly... I'm... You see, I'm telling my hand to write the word Mike.

Am I K-E? Yes. My... My... Ducey hand is not... Oh, being instructions, don't you do.

What might it be writing? Me? It seems to want to write the letter A.

Which I don't understand because my name is not O-Mike.

Well, then again, Mike has those peaks, much like an A does. And you're the valley. Yes, maybe.

Perhaps you're trying to write half of an M in order to get a head start on the M. Yes. Well, one must write half of the M in order to write the whole of the M. You've got to start somewhere. You must , my dear boy, blasted letter. So please write half of that M if you would . Go ahead.

Now I feel compelled to just strike a line through this M half.

Thus forming the letter A. Well, that's done for it. What am I doing? I don't even know how to write my own name. What a piece of work is, how Mike? Well, my goodness.

Justin, I... We have so much work to... I know that we were just getting talking about the theater.

Oh, the theater! My favorite topic after mixed about your love, of course.

Do you mind if we put your interview on hold here for a bit ? Anything I can do.

Okay. Disappointing. Can I remain in the room?

Not only can you, but you promised to back me up here. I really am getting the sense that your head is not in your head. I'm only scared I will not succeed in our mission.

Tell you what, why don't we in order... It sounds exciting, where he goes down.

In order to truly succeed, I feel like we need to come at it with a fresh start after we take a break.

How does that sound to you? Deal. Deal. Deal. Okay. You muttered that with malevolence.

Deal. You betcha. You betcha. All right. So we'll be right back with Justin Kirk.

We are taking a break. We are taking a break. I'm going to have my shift drink.

What do you do during a break? How much do you drink? Sp otted sherry.

Where do you find the sherry? Oh, what's in this bucket? It 's a sort of gray sherry.

No, that is mop water. But it might have the same effect. I wish I hadn't already taken a break today.

All right. We'll be right back. We'll be right back with Justin Kirk and Mike.

Right after this, more comedy bang bang. Chutio.

Comedy bang bang. We're back here and a very strange thing has happened.

We have Justin Kirk, of course, a man-able crack. Oh, thank god for that break.

Good break, right? Yeah. Yeah. Enjoyed it. Thank you all for trying the mop water.

It was not so bad. Disgusting. Well, it's a quiet day, I suppose.

We were right in the middle of a quite fascinating interview about the theater and about some of Justin Kirk's multiple roles, which has led him to this very studio.

I say, did you get to the part about the comedy and tragedy masks?

We hadn't, but would you like to start? You hadn't got there?

You're talking about them, which came first? I'm guessing it was the same day because you need one to have the other. No, you think they knocked them out in a day?

Yeah. Yeah. Who was the first person to draw those? Who did you say?

That Hirschfeld guy? Yeah. Probably was. Probably was. Well , you learn a lot about theater. But anyway, what I was trying to say is we were just in the middle of that interview when Mike the Janitor. I'm Mike. Mike, the janitor walked in.

Taddoo, desire, oh, Mike the janitor. We found him to be such a curious chap that we thought we would perhaps talk to him about his life. Who's a Meezer? Of course. A curious chapsir? Well, curious in the sense of we don't often get to talk to the common man.

Yes, of course. At these lofty towers of trudg your podcast ing equipment, how often do you even see the people who work below decks? They're like tiny ancestors. Indeed. Up here on the Hollywood sign, gazing down. That's right. I'm just running around the walls like a rat in Fallbleware. Yes. So that's the plot of down to an Abbey.

Downtown Abbey? Why does that cause me so much distress to you? You're an American, so you probably wouldn't care if I call it downtown Abbey. Why is this causing me such? I don't know.

It doesn't make any sense to me.

I say he is injured. That's all right. I won't miss you again. So Mike, tell us about your life.

How long have you worked here? Well, I've worked here probably for a good long while. I would wait job. Let's see, at least as of a couple hours ago before he arrives. Well, why don't we take it back a little further? You mentioned that you woke up with one of your blood headaches. Yes, one of my classic Mike bloody headaches. And you found your coveralls upon the ground.

Yes, I spied some coveralls like the floor. What were you wearing before you spied those coveralls?

Well, I suppose by pyjamas, of course, a cardigan sweater, a wide wheel called Roy's, some sort of metal and an ermine cape. Okay, so... Go into topping hat.

Okay, take off your headphones for just one of your... Yes, sir. That's what Andrew Lloyd Web ber normally wears when everything comes on the show. So it sounds to me like he was hit in the back of the head sometime last time. Very recently. Yeah, and so he didn't go to bed at all and wake up without his memory. He was he was struck upon the head. So what do we do now? Well, we need to find out whoever did it and put him in jail. That seems above our pay grade. Can't we just get him back to being in. I'm getting paid a lot to do the show. I mean, I'm game. I'm here with you.

I'm just saying that's... I really need you back on this. All right, I'm here. All right, all right . Sir, please, Mike, put them back on if you would. It as you wish, my lord. So you were wearing your pyjamas? Yes, my traditional viebles.

And you took those off? Yes, I removed them as gentlemen does. Except for the metal I noticed.

Yes, I figured some sort of good luck charm. Okay. Yes, perhaps to ward off vampires.

I've always wondered if that's why you wear that. I mean, I 've always wondered if that's why one wears a metal. What are you wondering about, Mike for? I'm just Mike the janitor.

So you put on the coveralls. Yes, just on my... Any other questions that you can think of?

Yes, please. I'm an opener. I'm an open book to an officer of the theatre.

No, I'm... No, go on. Okay, all right. There are questions solved. Not yet. They're coming.

They're coming. Yeah, they're building up. He's going to erupt like a volcano soon.

Look at the things. They're collating like a coffee pot in the break room.

So now you put on the coveralls. It would. It wouldn't do to walk around to the officer as God made me or in your pajamas or about pajamas. Almost equally as inappropriate.

Comfortable though. Very comfortable. Not as comfortable as you think to wake up in.

I suppose it must have been comfortable to go to sleep but waking up, it's a hop hat increasing my face worse than any pillow.

Yeah. Must have got tangled up in that cape as well.

Yes, I thought I was in some sort of cocoon at first when I woke up. And I thought, bless me, have I some sort of verb about to become a beautiful butterfly?

That was your first thought. I can see how one would think that.

You wake up in that situation. Yes, it seems a morning sort of thought, doesn't it?

Certainly does. So I can't be alerted waking up one day and wondering if I'm about to turn into a butterfly. Maybe we should put that to our listeners .

If you take calls on this show. I think we could. Sure.

If any of you have ever thought that, please give us a call here, 1-800-EER-WOLF and you can get on the air here on the Comedy Brain Bing Show.

So my question to you then is how did you know then to come here?

Well, seeing the coveralls and seeing both a bucket and a m op next to me, I presumed, and rightfully, I should imagine, that I was a janitor, a member of the janitorial service and that I must commence my duties immediately. I don't like our rules.

I took up my trusty mop and my bucket and I began wheeling them around, emptying waste paper baskets and just mopping everything I saw.

And what part of town did you wake up in?

Let's see. Where are we now? This is Hollywood.

Yes, I would say Venice.

Venice, wow.

How did you get here?

Italy.

Then is Italy? Yes.

Wow.

Okay, so Venice, Italy, where, by the way, just in ev ocation sometimes we're talking about this.

It's coming together.

Yeah. So you were in Venice, Italy.

Woke up, put these coveralls on, on the mop, walked around the streets mopping up things.

Yes.

A wide- Moptefue gondolas.

Sure.

Did it even go under the bridges?

Yes, and I made several wishes.

Good. And why did you make your way to the States then?

That's, that's, well, I mean, it's where I'm from.

Why wouldn't I go home to the motherland?

Why would we go to the USA?

The greatest country on earth.

Why would you think that you're from the States though?

Well, clearly I'm not Italian.

Mike is a, is, is, is, is not an Italian name.

That's so well.

There's no letter K in the Italian alphabet.

That's that sleep walk with me guy.

That's not Italian.

Uh, Mike Berbiglia?

Yeah.

I don't know.

Italo, American, I believe.

Yeah. He, his, his true name might be Michelangelo, Berbig lia.

It could be right.

So you, you, you, you, you thought you must be from America .

With a name like Mike, I must be from America.

Mike, what could be more American?

Mike, Mike, the genital.

Two States, I go.

So I fished in my abajamas and of course, pulled out loads of cash and purchased my way onto a private jet.

For a planet out there.

And flew to a better cave.

Okay.

Wow.

I wondered if you came across by steamer, but no, it was private jet.

So I don't know if I would have been able to make that trip in one day.

Oh, that's true.

Yeah.

This did happen this morning.

Yeah.

So I don't think even a plane gets here in one day, but that's the compboard.

The compboard.

Yeah.

The comp private.

Yeah.

Direct flight.

Phil Collins was de-plaining and I said, I say, from my v- Yes.

My tie, my tie, uh, procure, a lift.

As we have thought them say, although in England, it means something else, dial it.

How would you know that, Mike?

I say, I don't know, Mr. Ockerman.

I have no idea.

What would it mean in England to have a lift?

Well, I, I have in my mind, uh, a little movie of an elevator playing.

Oh, an elevator.

Does that make sense?

It does make sense because that is what an elevator is called in England.

Why?

What a ridiculous idea.

I think because it lifts the people up higher, although, you know, it descends as well.

So why do they call it a descend or?

Why do they call it a putty back and down?

Yeah, that's true.

I don't know.

Think about that for a second.

Yes.

I'm just going to go from the seventh floor to the fourth floor on the old put him back him down.

So you came over to America.

How did you find yourself in this?

I would, but you have a lot of questions for a low-legit ator.

Hell, we have a lot of time to film.

I'm hardly in the subject of an interview.

I want to be a result of a stunt's circle.

Waiting for the common man to barge in here.

Empty waste paper bars gets in drinking from a mopping bucket.

That's the part that gets me confused is I don't know how you wound up here at Earwolf Studios, where presumably you work.

I suppose I just felt this is where I must come.

It seemed eminently logical to me.

This was the place I had to be.

This was the place you had to be.

Yes, yes.

Obviously, it has some meaning for me in my life.

I deduced it was my place of business.

Did you ever pass by the Amundsen Theatre on your way here?

Where the musical Phantom of the Opera played for several years, I think, five years?

No, I don't even know how long.

Did you just say it here?

The musical, Whatam of the Apu?

Not One-Tum of the Apu.

Phantom of the Opera.

Yes.

Phantom of the Opera.

Do you notice he's putting his hand to his face?

He's covering half of his head.

♪ I tend the kiddies to sleep ♪ ♪ We live in my life ♪ ♪ I remember the day we'd never been to ♪ Yes.

Although that does sound familiar for some other reason, I suppose I must...

You remember...

Just keep my senses...

Yes.

Firing very keenly. I must...

I must look. I must listen to the music of the day.

You know, Scott.

And also smell things.

It's occurring to me that...

I beg your pardon, should I remove my hitting boots?

You probably should.

Can I request that?

Yes, please.

What if he actually will be happier as Mike the Janitor in a sort of...

As a callback to Mike Nichols regarding Henry sort of way?

Yes.

Regarding Henry where he was...

Where he was in hit, you become a different person, but maybe he'll be a better person.

Maybe...

From what I understand, Andrew Lloyd Webber, not particularly personable.

He's never been the greatest to me, to be honest.

And he's a guest on your show.

You'd think that'll be the one time to be well behaved.

He's kind of rude to me, often.

Maybe you're right.

It's possible that we should just...

Leave him as he was?

I don't know.

But then again, he made his way here.

That's what's interesting to me.

He felt he needed to come here.

Almost as if this was the most important place in his life.

Which tells me that maybe I have a certain responsibility to him in order to shake the trees a little bit and get him out of this reverie, this...

This...

Mike character?

Or...

Maybe...

He finds himself in his subconscious to be subliminally sub servient to me.

And he...

I don't know.

Maybe that's not making sense.

I mean, it seems that in this setting, he could be more helpful as Mike the janitor, rather than...

That's true.

This place is kind of a shithole.

And it hasn't needed cleaning from law.

And we don't really need any more...

musical...

musicals.

Yeah, we don't.

We've had our...

I mean, he wrote that sequel to Fan With The Opera just as ...

And he had lots of great stuff, but I think, you know...

Yeah.

No one to leave the party.

Yeah, he's a janitor on the other hand, fresh to the world.

One day.

That's true.

He still got a lot of vigor, a lot of something to think about.

Yeah, okay.

Yeah, Mike.

Go ahead, put those headphones back on it.

As you wish.

As you desire...

I was just admiring the sheely form of a young lady out the window.

Boy, I'd like to marry her and make her my fifth or sixth wife, I'd say.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's him.

Yeah, it's a talk.

Uh, Mike.

Uh, we were talking while your headphones were on, and um ...

We kind of think that maybe we don't have any more questions for you, that maybe you should get back to work.

But we do have a dirty bathroom.

Yeah.

As you wish.

I'd be happy to clean it as it is my job and as my station in life.

It is.

Clean, such filthy bathrooms.

Well, speaking of being a janitor, I think it's time to opt to it.

And we were!

Yes, I think it's time to go back to it and leave us alone, for we are a show business folk.

Indeed, sir.

Who need to...

I will just duck out of the room, being...

taking great care, not to jostle the doorframe, and dislodge this very shaky piece of masonry above.

Uh, where?

Very well!

What exactly is he talking about?

I haven't understood anything since he came in.

Shaky piece of...

It was a pleasure!

Masonry, uh...

Thank you.

And to be anywhere nearby.

Oh!

Oh no!

Oh!

Oh my...

Greeny over!

Oh, he was hidden back at the head.

I am assassinated by Masonry.

Oh!

How dare you!

What has happened?

Where am I?

What?

Justin Kirk, the actor.

Sculptric orocum him?

Oh, he's been a host of company, baby!

Hey, he's...

What am I doing here?

And have I here at the year, will studios please let me put on these heading phones over my bloody head in this expanding lump upon my skull?

Oh, yeah.

Shut that door if you were an Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Sculptric, what in the world?

What has happened?

Man.

Who am I wearing this futuristic, spacing suit?

I'm just excited that Andrew Lloyd Webber recognized me.

Yeah, that is true.

He didn't...

I recognize all actors of the theatre.

But you don't have to be so.

I felt special for five seconds.

Do not, sir!

All right, fair enough.

My despite and more actors!

Is that why you first recognized me because I did Oklahoma and regional theatre?

You know, the modern world!

In 1995.

I have a million more regional productions of Rogers and genocide.

God, we're never going to get that bathroom cleaned.

Was this now bathroom troubled?

Yes.

Let me ask you, what's the last thing you remember, Mr.

Lloyd Webber, sorry?

Well, certainly.

You may call me Mr. Lloyd Webber.

Let's see.

Last thing I remember.

I remember being in Vinicidly.

Sure.

I'm in vacation.

Yes, I go there once a year to vacation and to drink a pint of canal water to keep me young.

And I remember...

Some wife of mine was saying, look, look, look, look.

This old building is crumbling all around us.

Well, I looked up and I saw this shape hurtling towards me at a very great speed.

I thought to look down and that's the last thing I remember .

And then when you woke up, you were here.

Yes, that's correct.

I was here at the Evel's Julia.

All right, well, we'll get to the bottom of this, Lord Web ber.

It's always a pleasure to have you on the show.

We need to.

No matter what.

Oh, really?

Okay.

All right, take care.

I'm not bothered.

Okay, well, back to Venice.

No, what anyone got to join me?

I'll tell you what, stick around for just a bit.

Because I want to be five hours.

We have to take another break if we could.

When I say another, I mean...

Our first break.

Yes.

It sounds like you're really keeping your noses to the grindstone.

Yes, thank you.

We'll be right back here with more Justin Kirk, more Andrew Lloyd Webber right after this comedy-babbing.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

I say Scortric.

Yes.

Why did you say more Andrew Lloyd Webber?

Well, here's the thing.

You noticed you're wearing a future suit.

Yes, this sort of a uniform, you will sort of...

Yes.

Sort of an named tagger going on.

I don't care for it.

Yes.

Well, what is this?

Lugans run.

A musical I'm creating.

Oh, no.

Oh, I'm excited about that.

Yeah, that's not what you were saying before.

Are you saying they shouldn't make any more of me?

Anyway.

Do you need someone to play the ice or robot?

I'll give you my agent's number.

You are put it out.

How dare you?

You're from the future.

This is tough for me to say, but you're from the future.

What's this now?

You're from the future and you've been traveling, hurtling backwards in time?

I say.

I'm not a Terminator, am I?

You're not the T-800 nor the T-1000.

And I'm not a Time Bobby.

A Time Cop?

No, we talked about that.

Yes.

On the last time you were here.

Yes.

The Time Bobby.

Do we did?

Yes.

Are you a Time Bobby?

I did.

What did we establish on that show?

I'll give you the Time Bobby.

I was a Time Bobby.

Yeah, okay.

No, no, I know.

No, you're not a Time Bobby.

You're from the future.

You're hurtling backwards in time.

In order to warn those you most care about, not to make the mistakes that they make in the future.

Oh, that sounds like me, always caring about people.

Can I ask you a question?

Please, your boy.

How many seasons did animal practice go for?

Oh, great question.

Well, do they go out on top?

Do they call it quits like Seinfeld?

I'm embarrassed that I don't have all this future knowledge at my fingertips, but I'm going to say, Ted seasons, is that good?

Well, I don't know.

In England, that's four episodes.

How many cycles is that?

70s cycles.

70s, 70s.

Really four episodes, the 17s.

Three series.

Fair enough.

I'll take that.

Yeah.

So anyway, that's why we say more Andrew Lloyd Webber.

I see, I see you because you have been here in the future.

You were in the past, you were from later in the future.

Does that make sense?

Yeah, I suppose after a version, we're all from the past, aren't we?

Yeah, these time travel things are very difficult to work out, but that's why you're here, and that's why you don't remember anything, because when you step through a time portal, you forget everything that happened.

Well, I remember my previous life.

Your previous life?

Well, well, you've been reincarnated?

No, I've hated...

Before I ended up here.

Oh, I see.

Yes, except for today.

Except for a few skandales during the day.

No, you've actually had, you've lived for another six months when they invented time travel, and everyone wears those things in the future.

Half a year?

Yes.

Am I from the future, or I've just been to the future?

You're from the future.

You've lived six months, and then you put on that suit, and then you traveled back in time to today, in order to tell us that our bathroom really needed cleaning, and that if someone didn't clean it, that myself and Mr. Kirk here would slip on the...

feces that were on the floor.

Well, then, it sounds like you do also go clean that bathroom.

That's not exactly what you had in mind, what you were telling us about before you were...

No, tell me!

What did I have in mind?

Keep in mind, I am a lord.

Well, you...

That's funny because you happened to say that right before you said the next thing.

It sounds like me.

No, I'm not.

You said, Keep in mind, I am a lord.

That said, I am going to clean that bathroom for you, because if either you or Justin Kirk step inside that bathroom, then we can't be sure that that's not when you step inside it, leading to you slipping and falling and hitting your head upon the toilet, leading to the demise of the human race.

I see, I see.

My publicists did not tell me there would be time travel, given circumstances here.

I would have prepared or watched...

But they never do, darling.

What? You say never do?

You have got your own job, sis.

I say, so clearly what's going on there is, I was asking you to recite an oath to clean the bathroom.

That is why I would be speaking in the first person about doing such an act.

I don't think so.

In fact, what you said was, right before you said, I'm not speaking any kind of an oath.

I are asking you to recite any kind of an oath.

And bear in mind, I am a lord, and this is extremely out of character for me, and I have never done anything like this.

And yet, this is the first time I will do it, and I will do it immediately.

I am Rava Thera, that does sound like me, of profession.

Maybe this is how Lord Weber creates each of his master pieces, where he becomes the protagonist in them for a day, and then it gives...

Now I can hear you, because I'm wearing these heading phones.

Oh, well, I wouldn't.

You're not far off, you know.

As sculptric does, I do most of my work in my dreams.

And in dreams, in dreamland, you can become anyone you wish to be.

Sometimes you'll see someone in the dream, and they are not themselves, but they look like someone else that you know, or a place that you've seen every day will be transformed, transmogrified to another place that you also know from life.

And sometimes, you will be both yourself and another at the same time.

It's all very strange, and it's subconscious trying to tell you something, don't you?

Let me ask you, do you have any new ideas from musicals that you might have come up with in the past?

Oh, a few hours?

Yes, yes, there's something...

niggling little thought that I keep thinking something about being hit on the head with a bit of misery and cleaning a bathroom.

See, that is what I'm trying to say.

Does that sound like a musical to you, though?

It sounds like the best musical to me.

Really?

You think it's got legs?

I really do.

Grittier than your previous efforts.

Well, I like the sound of that.

I'd certainly like to give them something that's going to make them squirb in this.

Yeah.

These are the old blue hair.

I think it might go for 17 cycles.

17 cycles?

Yes.

Why in England?

That's 150 years!

Yes.

I am surprised that it began with the actual head hitting.

I thought it might just be the story of a jazz.

Not again, I'm the opera that starts with an auction, and that doesn't really make sense.

That's true.

Whoever would love it.

Really?

They love that auction.

They're really invested in that auction.

Some people in the audience, they start to be...

You know what I'm saying?

Yes, yes.

And are there bids accepted?

Sometimes.

It depends on the production.

And do you have to sell the chandelier to them after the show?

Oh, you're bound by that compact, the auction.

Well, I actually don't even alter the show.

When once the bidding is closed, sometimes it rules the production, because you know that chandelier, it really does make quite a big splash later on the show.

It really does.

So it's being counted away.

I'm like an audience member.

We all sort of snare out, shrugging.

I have to come out to apologize to the audience.

I saw one of those nights.

It was not good.

Well, I do apologize.

And you didn't give anyone their money back.

Yeah, well, you know, they did see a show.

They saw something akin to a show.

So I guess not called chandelier of the opera.

The Phantom still does all the Phantomie things.

Well, yeah, that is true.

We kind of walked around with half of his face covered and sort of looked like a Dracula.

Yes, they'd read when the moment comes, where the chandelier is supposed to crash to the floor.

Yes.

The Phantom looks up to the heavens and then says, Oh, that's right.

Well, no worries.

That was a close one.

Yeah.

And then boom curtain.

That's right.

Yeah, good stuff.

And then we bow for another hour.

Really?

This is out of curtain call.

This is after act one.

Yes.

Out of curtain call.

And then act two starts.

So people do get those bodies worth.

I guess so.

Well, my question then is, is if you need to do some research for this new musical of yours.

Yes.

Maybe you should do what you promise to do and go, you know, clean the...

Oh, yeah.

I did take apparently some sort of sacred oath to clean this disgusting bathroom that has been defiled by the likes of you two.

No.

A lot of people come to this building.

Yeah, it's not just a...

I mean, it's not just us in the building.

I did say the likes of you all.

Oh, fair.

Yeah, yeah.

Show these types.

Oh, words mean things in my country.

So I suppose as I am dressed for the task, there's nothing for it.

But you're not dressed for the task, by the way.

You're dressed in future clothes.

Yeah.

So that's been heavily established.

You need to put on some other sort of coveralls?

Possibly.

Well, certainly need latex glove in which to deposit my middle.

Um, all right.

Well, can you direct me to the nearest...

Maybe your topping hat to keep the hair back.

Where is my topping hat?

Where have I left it?

I think you left it in Venice.

I mean, the future.

Yeah.

In Venice in the future?

Oh, no.

Venice doesn't exist in the future.

Was this out?

Ah.

No Venice.

How am I to live forever if I don't drink a pint of canal water?

Oh man, I feel like I've slipped up on this story.

I hope you can catch that.

Oh man, I've, you know...

Wait a minute, wait a minute.

I'm still wearing my hitting bones.

Oh, I feel like I slipped up on that too.

Like I should have asked him to take off.

I'm still wearing my hitting bones.

Take off!

I will.

How dare you?

You do not come out and be zer.

I'm still in a dragon.

I'm glad we got him back.

I take it all back about wanting him to stay mic.

The world would be a lesser place without Lord Weber.

These new musicals sound good.

Logan's run and...

Yeah.

The getting hit on the head.

Or maybe it can be combined about a janitor who's turning 30.

Oh.

Wow.

I never thought.

I'm going to ask you a question.

I do hope you labs will be candid with me.

Hmm.

I'm afraid I can't promise that.

I will.

Okay.

Thank you, Justin.

You're a true gentleman of the theatre, which is to say a needy despicable worm.

May I ask you...

Social excited...

I revoke your speaking to Lord privileges.

Justin.

Sir.

Lord.

Thank you.

Nick of time.

Be honest.

Was I hit on the head by a chunk of falling masonry in Venice?

Then hopped on a cold cold, freshly vacated by Phil Collins , came right here to the Hill studios and started acting as if I were a janitor named Mike.

Only to be interviewed by the likes of you two.

And indeed you two.

Tricked into thinking I was indeed this fellow Mike.

Discussed at great length while I was taking off my headphones.

Then on my way out the door where you were fine to let me believe that I was indeed this lulic sturdian.

Was I hit on the head by yet another piece of falling m asonry, thus reversing the amnesiacal spell?

Don't please don't.

Scaldric!

Any phone still in full event?

I think that's what happened here.

Oh.

Justin.

I thank you for your candor and your honesty.

And I reward you with this magical sword.

What?

Where does that come from?

Put that away.

He just pulled that right out of his coveralls.

It is a trusty blade and it will glow brightly when any goblin's on your bike.

Now is your only concern that we're not going to get the bathroom clean now?

Is that why you didn't want me to?

I mean I don't care what he thinks of me.

I mean obviously you have a lot.

That's good because not much.

Yeah you have a low opinion of me.

Yes I do.

The lowest, lower now.

Although I guess the one thing that I haven't really gotten straight out of this whole situation.

I mean it's been a comical situation as amnesia normally is .

No comedy of error all.

But the one thing I can't quite figure out or put my finger on is why when you had amnesia why did you come here to the Erwil Studios to a place inhabited by someone you obviously don't care about, someone you don't respect, someone you've treated terribly over the years.

Well Scottrick.

I suppose that somewhere in my cross the old heart there must reside some fondness for you and for this comedy bang bang.

I suppose I came here because I thought I needed to go to a place where I could find a true friend.

And so here I am nearby.

Here I am.

Oh I don't know what to say.

I just don't think of you that way.

Well.

Fair enough.

I mean you're fun on the show.

I enjoy you.

The audience seems to have taken a liking to you.

I just we've never really talked off mic really you always storm out of the show in a huff.

I wonder why I wonder why that happens is it because I'm treated as rudely as anyone has ever been treated in history.

Oh no.

You know where I'm from.

Oh my goodness.

Good day to you both.

I'm off to live in a castle.

I have to ask I mean I it seems to be that someone of the stature of Lord Weber declares that he feels deeply towards you and wants a friendship.

I don't know why you didn't just latch on to that.

You ever see Starlight Express?

Good point.

Yeah.

All right well there's only one last thing to do on the show and that is a little something that we call plug.

I mean.

Plug.

Scoot.

Let me see.

I just want to see.

Let me see.

Interesting.

That is comedy death bang plugs.

That was our old theme.

An interpolation of our old theme by Wing Doodle.

Wing Doodle.

Thank you so much for that.

If you have a plugs theme.

That is just as good as that and only make them if they're just as good as that.

If they're not as good as that then head back to your laptops my dear boy.

Then go head on over to earwolf.com and post it in the appropriate thread under the comedy bang bang message boards and you can be famous for a week and Wing Doodle you are famous for a week and then what a week to be famous in when the the fall tv shows are here and it's a magic magic month for us here.

All right.

So plugs. Let's see what we got Justin.

Of course we want to plug animal practice.

Yeah.

Wednesdays at eight on NBC starting September 26th.

Yes.

And what do you say to people when you talk about this show ?

Like why should people watch it just in one sentence or less as they say on the newsroom?

We have a monkey.

It's not just the monkey.

I'm working on it.

No it's a very funny show.

I've only seen the pie.

I love it.

And the producers are old friends.

This is Scott Armstrong, Robbie, Nonden.

And I happen to know that the episode airing the first up September 26th is delightfully hilarious.

We just finished shooting it and it's going to be.

Sorry your plugs are in.

Hey sorry.

It's uh he's got it's me and Julie Webber.

What?

Yes me and Julie Webber look I got on a top hat and a dumb cape.

Who is this guy?

Don't recognize me from being here all the time.

It's me Mike DeGeneres.

It's me it's Angela Webber.

That's not me.

Yeah that's not Angela Webber.

Wait a minute.

Mike did you did you go to Italy recently?

I went to Italy.

On that vacation we gave you?

Yeah.

And did you stay in a building that was at least three stories high?

Yeah it was a three story building pretty crumbly.

With plaster on the outside?

Tons.

And did you happen to see Andrew Lloyd Webber?

I'm walking around outside that building.

I might have seen them down there.

And did you drop plaster on him?

It's some might have fallen that I kicked with my foot.

And did you drag him back to your hotel room?

I might could have done that because I had some time to kill.

And did you take off all your clothes?

Yeah I could have done that.

I mean it was pretty dusty up there.

And did you what did you change into after that?

Because you didn't wear his clothes.

See let's see it's time to remember because I got hit on the head.

You got to hit on the head?

You didn't get hit on that.

It's a plaster up there.

So some other plaster hit you on the head?

It's a plaster back in the hotel room.

It's a weird story.

Yeah but weird guy.

It all seemed to be coming together perfectly.

Yeah.

And then just at the last second.

Yeah.

Lizzie Lizzie.

And hold on.

Why are you wearing Andrew Lloyd Webber's clothes now?

I passed the boy to way up.

He didn't have them on.

That is strange.

Ah boy.

Lizzie guy do some plugs.

Sure I got to.

I want you to get to that bathroom though after you're done .

Oh that bit is still dirty.

She had.

Boy my plan didn't work.

The likes of us have been traipsing it out of there for weeks now.

But not you guys.

No not us.

That's just the likes of you.

Yeah of course.

Yeah you know what we're talking about.

Yeah I got another.

I got another plug personally.

I'll just be clean of bathrooms and stuff.

But you know this guy Paul F. Topkins.

Oh yeah I know.

I like that.

Yeah how do you know him Justin?

He's a friend of a friend.

I know comics.

Oh okay.

Yeah you're a friend of comics.

You're an FOC.

Who's friend is he a friend of?

No one you know.

You're just a janitor.

Fair enough.

Hey I'm just a janitor.

What do I know?

Who goes to clean up bathrooms and knock people out with plastic.

It's true.

Going to Italy for your vacations.

I'm going Italy for vacations.

And if I could kidnap somebody while they're all the better .

Is that your home country?

You sound sort of Italian.

You're with your gruff voice and...

Mom.

I'm English.

Oh.

Yeah sorry.

I don't hear the dialect.

You don't?

No you sound sort of New Jersey rough guy Italian gotha.

I feel like when I'm here I get a lot of it when people are like oh you're accent so charming.

And then when I go back home to like oh look at the American.

Oh no you sound really American.

Really man.

I guess the you know people back home are right.

Yeah I didn't know that.

And Staffordshire.

Okay well.

So Yvonne.

Strathford.

What a cruel bore.

Alright so why were you bringing up Hall of Tomcat?

Well he's doing this you know this podcast the pot F.

Top guests my favorite podcast.

I'm more of a marin guy but anyway go ahead.

Oh I get it.

It's intense.

He's doing his live version of the pot F.

Topcast that I'll log over to Coronet theta.

All the elements to the podcast but done live.

He's done it once before.

He's only the second time.

That sounds cool.

He's gonna be pretty excited.

Yeah has Martin Maron ever done that?

No.

Not intense enough.

Yeah.

You mean has he ever done a live version?

His pot gets his favorite to the pot of top guests.

I don't know.

He's done a live version of the WTF.

That's plenty intense.

Yeah.

It's pretty intense because it's in your face.

Does he sit on a stool?

Dreamette?

I hope so.

I feel like he sits on a chair but you sort of see him in your mind's eyes sitting on a stool.

Yeah that's true.

I sat next to Marc Maron on a plane.

Wow that must have been in my intense trip.

On my way to the up front with Crystal the monkey.

Oh my god.

Crystal was on another flight.

I thought you met with Crystal Math in your bucket.

No Crystal's a stripper that I...

Yeah yeah.

We had a nice chat.

He didn't know I was.

He didn't know and you've been on such a trip.

Which really freed me to be just a normal person for once.

Oh.

I love those situations.

Did I get the fucking date of the podcast?

Yeah yeah.

October 20th.

I'd logo at the corner in it.

October 20th and that's something that you're gonna go to?

Oh fuck no.

You're just a janitor.

Don't just chat.

How would you ever scrape together 20 or 25 dollars to go see something like that?

Exactly.

I only like to see people beating the hell out of each other.

In MMA?

That's right.

Mix martial arts.

Yeah okay.

Well it's misrepresented.

People don't understand.

They think it's just about violence.

It's not.

It's about something else too.

All right well thanks so much for your plug of that show you're not going to go to.

Sure go fuck yourself.

I will do.

What do I want to plug?

I want to plug.

First of all thanks to Rachel Tensler.

I hope I'm saying that right.

Rachel T-A-E-N-Z-L-E-R.

You got it wrong.

Oh boy.

She donated $100 to the show.

Thanks so much Rachel.

I appreciate that.

Something special has come your way.

No money bags.

That's four times the ticket of Apollo of Tonkin's live podcast.

It's ten times my salary.

I'm a janitor.

That's true.

Thanks to Rachel and what else?

I mean the new shows are coming out this month so go check out all those new fall TV shows and I want to say head on over to the year old store and buy a comedy bang bang t-shirt.

Why not?

You know?

Oh you want reasons?

Okay sure.

The economy sucks.

Why waste your money on something so frivolous?

You need money for food, for Christ's sake.

That's true.

But by all means buy a t-shirt for a podcast.

Oh and then be sure to steal the work of your favorite artists because you got no money.

Boy you were really taking a stance on the...

Nah I'm just saying people got t-shirt money.

They don't got support the artist money.

It's kind of a funny thing isn't it?

It is a funny thing.

Yeah let's get a house MD on this case.

Do you mean WebMD?

Yeah okay that's the...

Play by Hugh Laurie.

Um I think that's it we should close up the old plug bag before some of these plugs escape.

Right?

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

That was a close one they almost got out.

Wow.

Cute.

Alright oh look at that.

Alright so that's it.

That's the end of the show.

Cute.

Yeah.

What do you think?

I had a blast.

This is your first time you was.

Would you come back?

Are you kidding me?

Personally I...

I'm serious there are you kidding me?

Oh boy yeah you said that so nicely at first.

No I hope your show is such a success that you won't have time to come back.

Then you have a reason to ask me back then.

Yeah everybody watch Animal Style.

That's right next door I think at the end of now.

I would love it.

I would love to come back.

Thank you so much.

Well it's a very funny show Animal Practice and whatever you do is really nice.

I clean up people's feces.

Alright well I'll see you next time on Comedy Bank Bank.

Thanks so much.

Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.

The Wolf Dead.
