The funniest person in the universe, Amy Poehler, our old friend is here for the entire program, as well as another incredible fan favorite funny person Jason Manzukas is my co-host.

Plus, a first-time guest, you have not heard him before, all of that and more, all on today's...

Alright, we'll see you next time on Comedy Bank, bang bang, bang bang, bang bang, bang bang, welcome to Comedy Bank, bang bang, bang bang, bang bang, bang bang bang bang bang bang bang, bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang, not bad, not great for the beginning of the show, but I'll take it, beggars can't be choosers, am I right?

Is this part of the catchphrase? Yeah, we've been doing the catchphrase the entire time. Welcome to Comedy Bank, bang bang and the stars are out tonight and when I say that, let me just say that as you know, during September, we have been having the stars of your favorite television programs here in the studio. The full TV season is upon us, my favorite time of year, in my opinion, much like the 12 days of Christmas there are the 12 days of the Emmys. Okay, there's the Emmys ceremony. There is when the Emmys are announced. There are the technical Emmys. Jason, we've gone over this, right? This is just three. I'm gonna get, you're gonna get to all 12. Yeah, we'll get to all 12. We did this on another program. I believe we talked about this. I believe so. But it was at the Emmys we were talking about. It made in the Academy Awards, but it's the same principle.

It is the same list. Yeah. So you have the technical Emmys, you have the entertainment weekly issue where the Emmy nominations are announced. You have the entertainment weekly issue where they speculate on who's going to win the Emmy. Yep. That you have the entertainment weekly issue when they tell you who won the Emmys and they show you pictures of the after parties. Yep.

We're at six. Okay, good. Say. No, you're at seven actually . Oh, I'm at seven.

Oh, thanks. Only five left. Okay. Well, we have. I believe in the last episode, there was an entertainment weekly issue where they say who was snubbed.

Oh, yes, the snubs and flubs. Of course, that issue. Snubs and flubs is eight. Do you want to, do you want to bring this with Google to figure out the rest of the show? We've been talking about that since you've been on the show many times. But and then there's nine, 10, 11, but 12, of course, is is the fall TV season when it finally comes out and all those wonderful shows that are out, you finally get to see them and you get to see what you're going to be voting on for the Em mys next year. Just so I'm clear, all of this Emmy talk was an introduction to just the new season starting. Yes, the fall TV season. It wasn't a buildup to Emmys. No, it was a buildup to just the premiere episodes of our favorite show. Sure. It was my favorite part of Em mys. You're already fun.

So we have, of course, one of the greatest stars of all time, the funniest person in the universe, in my opinion, English speaking. English speaking . There's a fucking hilarious prison in Slovakia. So fucking funny. And no, I'm not talking about my co-hosts for the episode Jason Mazzucus. I am actually talking about our special guests for the entire program. Amy Poehler. Hello, everybody. I'm so happy to be here. Thank you for those kind words, Scott.

My pleasure. From Parks and Recreation, which I believe is nominated for Emmys.

The show is not this year. It was in the snubs and flubs.

Snubs and flubs. Yeah, it was nominated last year, but not this year. I don't really know why. But do you think your main rival and competition girls took your slot? Someone did. Girls. There were some new people in the slot Veep and Girls are new in the category. I always said that Parks and Recreation is the girls of comedy. Yep. Yep. It's like the comedy version of Girls.

Even before Girls came out, that's what I said about Parks and Recreation. I feel like we're the Ve ep of Girls. Yes, of Girls, the Veep of Girls. But yes, but I am nominated for the season. You are nominated. Congratulations. Thank you. I do have Emmy fever. I really do. Oh, that's well, that was 9, 10, 11. The day you come down with Emmy fever, the day Emmy fever breaks and the night sweats of Emmy fever. I can't. Emmy fever night sweats. Little bit of that. So you are nominated.

Have you ever won? I've never won. I've been nominated six times. And this is my sixth, seventh time being nominated. Seventh time being nominated. You did that wonderful thing last year. You were the ringleader of that wonderful thing last year. We did a really fun bit last year. Yeah, we're all the ladies. All the broads got up and did something. But classy broads is what I called it . The midi did that. I said, classy broads do a bit. Those are classy broads. Nice work.

You guys all split me a 20 as you as I walked in. Are you are you planning a classy broad bit this time? No, we have nothing planned.

Haven't spoken with anyone. No, I it's a great group of people. But I we've got we've got Julie Louis Dreyfus. Sure. Never heard of her. She's nominated for Seinfeld. Yeah, she's nominated for Seinfeld. It's amazing. Yeah, I mean, it's a lot of good will for that show. And it's still plays to be good. Really well and reruns. Lena Dunham for girls.

Right. Let's see who else. Oh god. Those are the only ones that came to mind because that's who you think your competition is. The others doesn't matter. Yeah, the others are psychologically very revealing. Yeah, and then there's a couple others and they're all great too. Those are the two you got . Some of the broads are in there whatever. You're a bit not a horse race. Win plays and show right there. Yeah, those are the two whose legs I would break. But they're all such lovely legs they have. Gorgeous. The best.

The best. Gross. Is that going weird? That's a little. I'm going to sexually objectify the female category of the event. That's good. Well, good luck. I think you should win because as I've said, you are the funniest person. And I say person, not female.

I think you're the funniest person out there at the Emmys. I think you should win a special Emmy for you know, these just do funniest person category. That would be so sad though. It's like a really special Emmy. That means you're either sick or you're 98 years old. It's a good club to be in though the Loser's club is not a bad club. There's some good people. Do you guys get together in the club? Well, there is a five or six time loser of Steve Carell. Oh yeah. And John Hamm. And he lost for good. Like he's not coming back to TV.

Yeah. I mean, I mean, you know, never say never with Corral . That's true. Like he'll, you know, he'll show up on an episode of like, you know, mad about you or the equivalent, you know, and do one thing win a special Emmy ever. We guys know mad about you is coming back, right? Yes, of course.

We're rebooting that. Yup. Rise there. Yeah. Hunt. Matter.

Matter. Normally in a reboot, you get younger people to do it. We'll just get brother.

And this is what it is. It is mad about you 10 years later. They are divorced. But you know what it 's called? Mad about who?

I can't even remember anymore. Because they have early onset Alzheimer's. They're very, very ill.

Actually, their anger does not come from emotion, but they 're just irritable because they're they have Alzheimer's. The body breaks down as well. And just the aches and pains of a normal body.

It just makes you irritable. It's like, who are you? They 're just really irritated.

Where am I who are you? Is it alternate title or at least the tagline?

Mad about you two. Mad about who? What am I? Who are you? I like the concept of not understanding what one is. Who are you? I get like that. I've known people have Alzheimer's and they're like, who are you again, honey? But what am I? Am I a couch? What am I like physically? Can you please tell me? What am I? Well, we should also mention that Jason , you're no slouch in the TV star department because you have a television TV biz. Your television show is coming back October 11th the league. I mean, you're not a regular on it certainly, but you know, I will be on a whole bunch of episodes. You're a recurring fave. You're a raves and faves. I'm a raves and faves.

And you play Dirty Randy. No, I play Raffi. Okay, got it. I hate you. The Dirty Randy is a character that I invented on the show that then Seth Rogen played. But yes, I play Raffi the crazy Nick Croll's Crazy Brother in the World. When we last saw you, you were brandishing a knife at the group. That is probably true. And I will say that in the season of coming not to spoil anything, but I do have a gun. You've upgraded. I have upgraded. I've heightened my violence. Okay, good.

And have been, I won't say anything else, but yes, there is some, there is some very inappropriate stuff going on. So people know you from the league and of course the dictator, which is out on Blu Ray, extended cut, more jokes from Jason. Yeah, the way extended and full frontal nudity from me.

Oh, good. Nope. And of course, from Dennis Feinstein. Yes.

And Dennis Feinstein, on on Dennis, Dennis, Dennis Rance. He also drops trow. He was tired of missing it from the NYPD Blue days. He decided to come and see the blue tree. I just see him all around town, like showing his dick and butt to anybody. You would see him at every audition to for a while. That guy is such a fine actor and probably is like, the only thing. Oh, yeah . I've seen your butt man. Like when people see him, simple words. I've seen your butt man. We were laughing the other day thinking about like, I was laughing about how I used to love watching 30 something and about how when you're when you're a teenager, you love watching shows about older adults. I was just telling my therapist that I was obsessed with the relationships on 30 something.

Why retelling your therapist?

As if because I was like, why was I obsessed with fraught, difficult relationships as a kid?

Me too. I loved hoping Michael and like the dissolution of Michael and Tim Busfield's company, like they tried so hard to do something and then it failed.

Yes. I know. And just like a lot of like angst and children and like poor Melissa can't put Melissa and Peter Horton. You think they're going to be together and know they are not. We'll be right back with the worst podcast you've ever heard. Sorry. Yes. But it is 30 something when you're when you're obsessed with sex going out of a marriage before you have sex. Correct. Yeah. It's like 14.

I'm like, oh, I'm going to keep sex alive.

It's crazy. Yeah. And what is sex and what am I? Can somebody explain this thing that I'm terrified I will lose later? What have it burnt out in a relationship? But I really loved that.

And it was on the same night as moonlighting. And I was like, could you couldn't have a more like dichotomous moonlight in its all sexual tension and like, oh, I want them to have sex.

And then the other and then 30 something is like, Oh, God, this is devastating.

Well, we're speaking of reboots about last night. They're doing a reboot of about last night. And I work with the original star of that wonderful, amazing Rob Lowe, who's hilarious and great. And all I do every day is ask him about his movies. But I loved about last night and about last night is just about relationship. I was obsessed with that play as a kid. Like I read. Yeah, I would. I did that play in speech competitions in high school. Like the dirtiest parts of that play.

I love. I love that we're like, we love 30 something in TV, and you're like, I was obsessed with that play. Sexually, a professional person in Chicago.

I was obsessed with the plays of David Mamet as a child. A lot of people don't know every TV show is based on a play. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's a lot. I mean, we should talk about some just some things that people don't know about TV since we are in the middle of the fall TV season. That's right. You know, I mean, a lot of people don't know. 12 days of Emmy, of course. Yeah, we should go over those probably. We didn't do it before. We did. We did. We did. We did. We did. Okay. But some of the, I mean, just some of the TV trivia things that people don't know, I mean, for instance, that most television shows aren't filmed with actual cameras. They're photographs that people take and they take so many of them.

And just run them all together. They're like, you know, that, that technology, like flip book technology. That's what TV is. Yeah. It's just pages.

Someone holds a flip book up to a real TV camera than at that point. Right. Yeah. And then people have to double the dialogue.

Yeah. Everything's dubbed. And a lot of American TV shows are all based on foreign TV shows. Yes.

Exactly. I love Lucy. I love, I love Lucy was based on a Spanish television show. I remember like Parks and Rec, I believe is based on a French TV show. Yeah . It's got it's got books books.

Builds and look. Barracks and Rec. It's hard to say because it's like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Did you, did you base your character on the, the French actress who, or was it an actor? I don't even know. Oh, thank you for asking. It was an actor. You know, listen, it's very difficult to find parts for women. Sometimes you have to find a male part and kind of switch it. Adapted. Yeah.

Yeah. How would this character act if he had a vagina? That 's right. And it was. But this is one of those pieces that not to jump in. But this is one of those pieces of kind of classic TV trivia where like, oh, somebody else was supposed to play that part. Like Ray Romano was supposed to play Joe Rogan's part on New Radio. Of course. In the first, in the pilot episode of Parks and Rec, you played it as a man. I did. Yeah. Well, in Pucksley, it was a Gerard De Padoop. Oh, it's great.

From Green Card. Love him. Green Card. And then, so I played it like him. So I wore.

And with a French accent. French accent. I wore like a fat suit. No offense, Gerard.

But a fatter suit. Fatter suit. Thank you. No, no, no. I don't mind taking him to task. You know what?

You know what? Gerard De Pardu? Too fat. You've gotten too fat. You're borderline irrelevant for this industry. And you know what? It's about looks. I don't mind starting this feud now.

Hey, fat. So De Pardu, lose some pounds, buddy. I agree. I 'll co-set on that. A lot of times, I tried to distance myself from anything hot on this show.

But yeah, I'm on board with this.

So you were wearing a Dennis Fran suit. And you were showing your butt. And I showed, yeah. And you know, in French TV, you always have to show your butt. Everybody. No one wears pants.

And so I had no pants. I had a fatter suit. And I had a fake nose and a ball cap and everything.

And then, and then the writers and producers got together and they were like, do we just pull it back a little bit? And I said no. And so we did like 10 or 15 more episodes like that. And then NBC was like, we're going to cancel it. If you don't just play yourself.

Wow. Yeah. Gosh. But I would love to see those 15 episodes.

15 full episodes of you playing season. That's a year long.

Yeah. Yeah. And then story lines were crazy because I was like fucking all these women. And it was very, it was, we went.

And Andy McDowell was in the show. Oh yeah. Well, she has to be in everything.

De Pardu. Even a big departure. She's married to him. Yeah.

Yeah. I mean, she married him for his great card. Well, you know, the movie green card is a documentary about the relationship between Jera De Pardu and Andy McDowell. I forgot. It is not a piece of fiction at all. There's something other people don't know is every film is a documentary.

Correct. It's more of a shock doc. I think.

And you're kind of a shock doc. I'm a shocking disc jockey.

You are. You're a shocking disc jockey.

That's sort of mine. There's only a way you can train that.

I don't.

Oh no, it is. It's shock DJ. Oh no. That's what they're called. Shock DJs.

Amy, can you tell us what's going on on Parks and Rec this season? You have in my opinion, you have the best cast on TV. I agree. Currently. I agree.

Of current shows. I think after Mash had the best cast of any team because, you know, they got rid of the fat from Mash. You just kept what was essential. But you have the best current cast on TV. I agree. I would only say Joni loves Chachi comes closest. Yeah. What was the, what was the show about a Larry from Three's Company? Hello Larry. No. No, that's different. No, that is different. That was the guy from Mash. What's their show about Larry from the Regal Beagle? Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe there was just always a threat that that was going to happen. But America was threatened and did not.

Yes. All right. We'll just watch Three's Company.

Well, keep watching Three's Company. Stop threatening. Oh my god. Do I love, did I love Three's Company?

The great. Really. I say that listeners without irony. Jon Ritter is a genius. Okay.

It was good. So what's happening? What's happening is this year. Just announced someone is playing a character, Mike from Breaking Bad. Yes . You know, Mike from the, no spoilers about him, but he's a character on Breaking Bad . Not everyone's caught up. So I actually know very little about Breaking Bad. So I was excited to, I knew this actor Jonathan Banks from Beverly Hills Cop. Yes, sure. But he just played Ben played by Adam Scott, his kind of terrifying dad. Terrifying dad. So we'll see a little more of Ben, Adam Scott, fan favorite of the show, friend of the show. We'll see more of his family.

Yes. We, right now when the season starts, we were saying it's like season five lost bearings.

Everybody's all over the place. Everybody's divided and split up. Ben's in DC. Leslie's got her new job , but it's not going so well.

And everything's, everyone's all over the place.

But where do you think my character, Dennis Feinstein, is he, is he doing all right?

Well, for those that don't know, for maybe one or two people that don't know, Dennis Feinstein is the, is a perfume man. Yeah. The perfume magnet, if I need. And you had some disgusting perfumes, as I recall, or, or no, no, Tom Haverford had some disgusting perfumes.

Tom Haverford had a disgusting perfume. And then I tried to describe a bunch of my perfumes to Adam Scott last season. Amy stopped me every time. And it was like, the perfumes can't all be disgusting. So one thing I do like about Dennis Feinstein is his real name is Dante Fiero. Yes.

But he changed it because he thought being a Jew in, in P awnee is actually more exotic.

Yeah. But, uh, yeah. So, uh, so yeah, we kind of come on September 20th as a premiere.

And this Thursday, thank you. And we kind of, we, we, we take a trip to DC and we got to do stuff with real senators, which is really fun. Wow. That's the dream. Senator, you're going to show business? Congratulations. You've made it. Chris Pratt put it best because we were talking about politics and everyone was like, would you go into politics and you, and Pratt was like, it involves everything I hate, which is really, which is calling people back, remembering people's names, meeting strangers. Like it's the hardest job. Yeah. Yeah.

It would be really hard to do. But, uh, yeah, we met Barbara Boxer, Senator Boxer, Senator Snow, Olympia Snow. Did they have for Maine? Uh, did they have, did you just pick a snowy place and you glucked out? No. Well, most senators, his last names signify the states they're from. Sure.

Yeah. Martha Hot from New Mexico. Pete, Pete Mountain. Sure . Colorado from Colorado.

Teddy Lobster, Massachusetts. Or Maine. He's either really splits it. Yeah. He splits it. He splits it's time. Really. He has two houses. Yeah. Yeah. Clarence Racism. Sure. Yeah. From the entire South. We don't mean that. We have a lot of listeners in the South. A lot of other listeners. I just want to say, you know what I'm sticking by what I said. No, no. I'm not joking on board that one. I will get on board with Depardue . Oh, you know what? I'm coming for you, Depardue. Depardue. Did you feel like when you went, did a lot of those people have an awareness of the show? Were they fans? Were they people?

Well, politicians, they're so good that they made me feel like they had a, I have no idea. They don 't have time to watch TV. I don't think they do. But they were very, very nice. And it was cool to be in Washington. And it's, you know, I understand it's our nation's capital. It is. It is. And I hadn't, well, I hadn't been any of the sites. And I got to go there like as Leslie Kn ope and just spend like 10 minutes and leave. And it was great. I suggest everybody do that. Just spend 10 or 15 minutes there.

Do you travel a lot just outside of when you leave LA and something like do you, or New York, do you travel a lot as Leslie Knope? Yeah, I do. I bring, yeah, I bring blazers.

Because how else are people going to recognize you? Because it's also a way, it's also a way to not get hassled as Amy Poehler is to travel in character as Leslie Knope. You know, and be like, oh, I'm sorry. No, you have me confused with someone else.

I'm Leslie Knope.

Yep. And then I, and I booked my hotels under her name. And yeah.

Did you, when you were in Washington in talking to all the senators, did you talk about how, you know, frankly, our nation's in trouble and, you know, President Obamacare is out there and just kind of, you know, I mean, we, I mean, I hate to get hung up on this, but like, we need a change, you know, I mean? So did you talk about that?

First of all, can I just, I love when you talk politics on the show. It's like, why I tune in? I don 't think you do it enough.

And because you are so well informed. Yeah, I love, I love.

You are so well informed that you have such cogent points. Yeah. Please keep going.

I just think you're in trouble.

I, I agree. I think we're in trouble too. And you really nailed it with that statement.

Thank you so much. And I sometimes when I'm listening to this podcast, I'm like, like I'm laughing and everything, but I'm trying to get through the entertainment.

We have to have big stars on like you just to get the listeners, but I mean, you know, I try to sneak like I don't want to say anything crazy, but I, I kind of feel like guys like what's going on? Yeah. You know what I mean? I saw you could not have put it better or more succinctly. I'll say this for anybody who's listening and us in the room, like, are you better now than you were four years ago? Yeah. Well , I never even thought of that, but the question, like that's so interesting. Like, why four years? Like, because he was elected for you. Oh, sorry. Yeah. The president every four years he gets elected.

This is too much. You can use it. That's the other thing is like, why do politics have to be so confusing? Like four years, 10 years, eight years. Come on.

Pick one. We are in real danger of losing America. Yes. Just lost. Thank you. Like you. Right. Into the ether, you know. By the way, I would love if we could clip out this section of the show and put it on entertainment blogs as what we really think. As what Amy thinks about politics.

A surprisingly conservative comedy show. Yeah. Tell you what, let's do a new feature on this show.

It's a little something that I like to call speed round.

Let's get the speed round going.

Oh boy. All right, guys. I'm going to music makes me want to get my dick out. Please do not.

I'm going to ask you some one at a time. I'm going to start with Jason. Oh, and we'll see how many questions you can answer in this short amount of time.

They're just simple questions.

Just think off the top of your head as quickly as you can answer. Okay. Here. And we'll get to know a little bit about your personality. All right. If possible , could you play very loud techno music?

In my ear while you're doing it? No problem. Here we go.

Favorite flavor of ice cream? Vanilla. Best TV show of all time. The wire.

Person most responsible for your success. Me. Radiohead or Kanye West?

Kanye West. A short walk or a long drive? A short walk.

Favorite sandwich?

Turkey club. Biggest fear.

Mm. Death. Favorite article of clothing you own? White shirt. Best teacher you ever had.

Well, that's the teacher I ever had. Including improv.

Amy Poehler. Oh, nice. Nice. Very good, Jason. You made it through the speed round.

Wow. That's exciting. All right. Amy, you ready? I'm ready.

Speed round. Here we go.

Do you subscribe to Occam's Razor, the law of parsimony, i.

e. the principle that among competing hypotheses, that which makes the fewest assumptions is correct. In other words, the simplest solution is often the correct one. Oh, I'm sorry. I don't really know what that is, but yeah, that sounds right. These questions are harder than the ones you're asking.

Follow up. Please give examples of Occam's Razor in your own life and experience.

Okay. I guess one time I got home and my dog was out of his carrier and I assumed that I had forgot to lock the carrier instead of assuming that an intruder had picked my lock and let my dog out. Do you know what I mean? Does that make sense? As He idegger once asked, why is there something rather than nothing? Because there is no such thing as nothing.

How can it be determined that your experience of consciousness is the same as anyone else's experience of consciousness? Oh, God. I guess it remains a question of faith.

Solve for both x and y. y times the quantity of j2 minus 2 minus xj times the quantity of j4 plus 3 equals 2. x equals 2, y equals 3. If a man is found dead at the bottom of a cliff holding half of a match in his hand, how did he die? Oh, I got it.

The man was in a hot air balloon with some of his friends and the balloon started to go down so the group made a decision to draw matches and whoever got the shortest had to jump out of the balloon and the dead man got the shortest match and he jumped out to save his friends. Correct. All right. Yes. The speed round. That felt like Jason's were easier. Now, who won? Jason, you obviously won. Kanye West.

You picked correctly. All right, guys. Let's take a break when we come back. We'll have a little more comedy bang bang with Amy Poehler and Jason Manzukas and we'll have a very special guest.

We'll be right back. Comedy bang bang. We are back here with Amy Poehler and Jason Manzukas, bros forever. You taught Jason, huh? Yeah, that's right.

Jason and I have known each other forgot almost probably 10 years. 10 plus you in 1998. Yeah.

And we all just performed at Upright Citizens Brigade together back back in the day.

That's right. The day. I remember meeting you.

I remember meeting you. Level two teacher. That's right.

Level two is when you got when you found out about Z new and you got all that stuff. By the way, UCB is a crazy cult. Oh, yeah. Yeah.

Super cult. I have to give 80% of my earnings to UCB. Yeah.

You don't have to. You want to. No, I want to. I want to. Otherwise, certain things that they've recorded that I've told them will agree will be released. Oh boy. All right. Well, let's get to our next guest here. You know him as the host of a certain program who was on KFI and then CBS radio talk radio personality. Currently moving over to podcast, I believe you got it. Please welcome Tom Lykis to the show first time on the show. Thank you, son. Son, you got it. Here we are in Colli wood, California coming at you with a top like his radio program on your wolf commoner network.

This isn't this is not the Tom Lykis radio.

One that one tub hundred tub hundred tub is your toll free telephone number. We're taking calls and putting bitches of their place. Oh, oh, oh, it's gonna be a I've never heard your show, Tom. How long has it been on the air? Oh, it was all the questions. How long is it been off the air? Well, that's not really what I'm talking about. I don't think he's answered anything. I'm excited to be. I am the professor at the class of its session. Are you ready for like us one or one? Well, I'm excited to meet Tom because I've heard. I bet you are, dear, because I 've heard his his show on a lot of in a lot of caps. I bet you have. Does do you get off to it ? No, women love me. You know what I'm talking about. Actually, my wallet is well hung. Oh, you know, I find that most women aren't really attracted to someone because of money. You know, it's really personality. Oh, sure. You sound like a shrill, shrieking shrew. You're calling it so I can't see it, but I bet you're a big one. No, no, actually, she's right there. The woman who is speaking. I know. I can't see her over the phone, but she sounds like a real porker. She's sitting right in front of you. One and one half out of your way. I'm gonna try to not, you know what I'm gonna do?

I'm gonna practice some Buddhist stuff I've been working on, trying to not engage, not get hooked by this guy. How did you get into Buddhism?

Amy, do you have a little book of Buddhist saints? I do.

And they might have crossed such a way. You rub his belly. Yeah, see, this guy's gonna hook me a little bit. It's gonna be tough, but I'm gonna try to just stay in the present moment. You know, sweetheart, sub-sara is nirvana.

That's what I tell all my bitches. Oh boy. So for people who don't know who you are, you are a talk show host that I guess you're disgusting? Is that how you would describe yourself?

I don't describe myself as a man. It was broadcasting. And you're a man that could relate to. You're a man themed show, in other words.

It's a man themed show. I never had any problems with ratings when it came to bed. Right. You don't exactly. Well, you know, I find that most women, I like the same things these guys like, it 's not like I like all gender specific.

I'm sure there's something. Of course you do. Of course you do. You like everything but in the receiving end. I know women better than they do. Why?

Because I've been citing racks and porking butts. Oh boy. Porking butts? We'll see if I don't think. If you know women more than they do, I would think you would be porking vagina. Not only have I been porking butts, I started a factory farm for it. You know what I'm talking about? No. I got but ts lined up like like hillshire farm pork cutlets. Is it organic? Everything I do is organic.

Amy, you must like some, you know, female specific things. Sure. I mean, I guess I do. You know, I love, I mean, I watch Sex and City on reruns. Of course you will. And then you expect that lifestyle from the man that you're dating to support you and have you live that way. You want a little bit. I don't know what kind of women you've met Tom but actually all the women I know are very self efficient. The best women in the world. I'll promise you that right now sweet heart. Are you married or? I don't believe in marriage. Really. Marriage is for women to get their hooks into a lot of oil.

You do a what? You do a what? You do a what? You do a what?

You do a what? You do a what? You do a what?

Let me tell you something about being a. By the way, if you 're any little kids out there when they go to the broadcasting, very important although that you can put the letter L and any word that you learn how to roll your talk. Because I was going to ask that because because a lot of times you say it's in the wrong sense. One time hundred, ten hundred, ten billion. Please don't call.

There are no phone lines. There's no phone lines. We got bitches and chains.

You know, I don't have anyone. I feel like I feel a lot of pain from Tom. You know what I mean?

I feel like he's having a he's kind of I feel like he's striking out because he's been hurt.

Oh yeah. What's your background? I mean have did you ever have you ever been in love?

I could vis myself a little. I was in love. I used to be a loser. I used to fool for women.

At least turn me down. Let me tell you something after I developed like us 101.

Everything came back to me. I'm scoring with chicks whose mothers turned me down.

Oh, what's like us 101. And then I'm dragging them around in front of their mothers and making a big scene about how I've degraded their daughters. That doesn't sound as if that turned you all in Scott. Actually, it kind of does. Yeah, that kind of power over the woman. What what is like us 101.

I I confess that I am sort of ignorant about your broadcast . I don't really know that much about you. You don't need to know about me. All you need to know is that your dick needs to be slobbed.

And if you're gonna slob it, right? You're gonna be a real slob like a blood on a coiler couch.

Like it's one of a way that may have learned how to apply sex with a women. Oh, because I don't matter what to do. I feel like I'm doing it the right way.

I got married. I'm having sex with my mom. Oh, oh, you got married. You're doing everything that your wife wants you to do. Well, we haven't been there, friend. Let me tell you something.

Pretty nice. Yeah. Yeah. Let me tell you something, son. She will poke holes in those condoms and you will have a baby and you will be hooked for life. Well, that's what women learn genetically.

We're actually trying to have a baby.

We're having trouble with it. I mean, how do they holes in the condoms necessary?

She's how do you learn something genetic for about 15 months? I think if it's genetic, it's really innate. You know, you don't learn something genetic. I've got the microphone. I got a white vote and I'm on a microscope. I'm looking at the microscope . Well, devil, devil is genetic level.

It's some atomic level that I've seen. I have seen the schemes level. Female crowbows, old staff. The scaming. The crowbows, old old old old. Sc aming chromosomes. See, what I hear from this is, Tom is, I think Tom's still in love with his ex-wife.

That's what I hear. I'm sorry, Tom, but you've talked about, you've been there before and I assume that means you've been married before.

I would not say, I don't love my ex-wife. What I do is I have a series of Google alerts just to make sure that I fully informed of how much of a bitch she is. Right. Just in different spellings. Okay, someone let me make something very clear.

I don't have an ex-wife. I have a room full of ex-wives. That's how popular I've been. Why do you marry them? And if you just, I don't get it.

I there is there is there is nothing to make a bride feel more submissive than knowing on her wedding day that you're gonna dump that bitch. We'll be back with more of your calls.

We don't have any calls. We're not taking a break. We'll hear them all out of the world.

What earwomed that word? Let's take a little for some of our sponsors.

What? Deadbeatdads.com. Deadbeatdads.com. Tom, if your son is gonna grow up to be a man, he better have an example. Log him in at deadbeatdad.com and get 50% off next time you push or wall.

But I just want to make clear if you're just tuning into the show for the first time because he saw Amy a big star. Your favorite television star is on the program. You know, you love her her light, her life on person recreation. This is not the kind of person that I want on this show.

And this is, I mean, he's interrupted this program. Scott, we were in negotiations for three months.

You tried to keep me off the air just like CBS Radio did. I guess what the people rose up and demanded it. I know. You made up like what I do, but you're gonna love me or you're gonna hate me.

I hear that's why people too. I kind of hate you. Just so I 'm clear on that sponsor.

Deadbeatdads are come. You log the name of your child into the site. You put your maybe, you put your child's name on the site. So the child, so now you, you the dad, your registered deadbeat dad. Are you registered? You're interested in being a deadbeatdad. The first place you would look would be deadbeatdad.com. If you need, if you need somebody to pick up your kid from an adjacent county where there's an outstanding warrant and you can't cross that county line, other deadbeat dads will step up to the plate.

Oh, okay. All I hear is please love me, please love me. I mean, that's just all I'm hearing. You know, I think Tom is an empty vessel. It's very hard. You are hearing what you want to hear, dear. I 've heard a mobile phone from people like you.

You take a bad out, you size him up and see how big his wall wall is. His wallet. His wallet.

Well, you might as well. You try to dip your, you try to dip your nylons right into his fucking butthole. Right. Wait, dip them? How would one dip? Every woman was to dip nylons into my butthole, and I've turned up down 90% of the time. Okay, first of all , I've never heard of that. Secondly, that 10% you're letting women dip nylons in your butthole.

And I'm doing great.

I feel like that's something you want. Well, let me tell you something. We do often talk about what we want as if we don't want it, but he he is asking for what he wants. I feel like you're projecting a lot. I don't project anything. If anything, I am the screen upon which men project their fantasies. I don't know. A lot of men thank me verbally while they're scoring with chicks.

Really? A lot of men scream out my day. Thank you, Tom.

Blow me up, Tom, as they're getting blow.

What's blow me up, Tom? They don't blow me up, Tom. Well, we true. That's my website.

Blow me up, Tom.com. And for a while, there was a denial of service attack and we had to, we had to scale it back to blow me, Tom.com. But it's back up. We have blow, blow me up, Tom.com.

Well, blow, blow me, Tom must have been a very, a very difficult site for you to have. Well, it's fine, but that was when I was off the air. That was with CBS bowed to the women.

I never had a problem with male ratings, but like that clear. And all the time, it was hostile. You're not my simply my audience. You're a woman and you're a woman.

You're a little woman and you're too. You're a little, you don't bring your sides into your eyes. Thank you. You're a dirty, you're a dirty, little hairy little woman. Thank you.

You got a little. I like that. Yeah. I do like that. You're a little piglet. And your tool, but Amy is beaming from ear to ear. This is such a strange reaction. I don't know why, but I'm getting this. Okay. This is going to be really weird. You're a squealing little shrew. Guys, this is going to sound really weird. I'm a little attracted to Tom. I know.

Don't be the one you want. Don't fall into this. I don't know why. This is working. This is working.

We're down here in Hollywood. We're siding racks. This is activating your bad boy complex.

Jumping about him. Talk to him a little piglet. You know, guys like me who are nice to women, we can't get anything going. We can't have a baby even though we've been trying to trip to a lovely, generous man. Hopelessly single. Do you want to go out on a date with the Amy polar? No, I don't. I bet you do. Let me tell you something that changes the cheapest, dirtiest place all the Lincoln Boulevard that I can find.

Well, it does feel like I deserve that.

Lincoln Boulevard? Lincoln Boulevard. Oh, it's the, oh, it 's Venice on the Los Angeles side.

Okay, so just a little bit of Jason to Santa Monica.

Something about his confidence. I don't know.

I don't know. Let me tell you. I can't explain it. It's confidence born of insecurity. Let me tell you something. You know that an sad, insecure man is within here. You're right. You're right.

I may be sad. I may be insecure, but I get laid balls deep.

Do you ever get laid balls deep, Jason?

Meaning does my entire penis go inside? Like end the balls?

The balls go right in real smooth.

So wait a minute, you have your balls in her vagina while she has her nylon or in your butt or is this? Are you looking under the table because we are getting it all? Who is? No, no, that's not true, Tom. We should clear that up then, but that's not happening. But let me tell you something. I have, I have my feet wrapped around your buttocks. Does that look true? What is that?

How would that even work feet wrapped around buttocks? You have no idea. I understand my arms wrapped around your body. My legs are wrapped around her, but when I get into a colloidal position with a woman, a colloidal position with a woman, yeah, I unfold myself. Not I'd like an accepticon from Transformers. There are witches by the way, are the bad guys. The bad boys in the Transformers universe. You better believe we're the bad boys. There is something much. I wrote him off at first, but now I know there's a decis iveness. Like every woman, you see, you're listening out there, all the like us heads out there , you're listening and you heard a woman of she didn't have the world of track in the bank. And that 's what they'll say at first and they'll slap you with a push away that will be a sexual harassment lawsuit, but they will come around and you will come on their face as they rip up that restraining order in front of you. Now he lost me. He lost me. That's how attracted they are. He lost me.

Who knows a little bit? I'm so sorry, guys. Normally I would just bleep the terrible things he's saying out of the program, but we ran out of bleeps last week. We're at a time for this. We believe so much for us. We're just commercial.

We're at a bleep. No, we don't. No, that's not happening. I 'm the one who throws you. You're listening to the top. Top top top like a shoe. I don't care, Bob. I do. No. All right. You know what though, I am going to take a break. Blow me up, bitch style. Gosh. I am going to take a break. I apologize for that segment. Tom, do you want to stick around though? I will stick around. I think we had a free lunch, right? All right. Great. We'll be right back with more comedy, baby. Why are you letting him stick around? I don't know. There's other I kind of fell for him as well. I don't know. You're falling in love. Jason, the only holdout at this point. I'm not a you know what? Maybe in the next segment, I'll be one over. But so far, I am the voice of reason. I think this guy is a misogynist asshole. Let me tell you something. I'm no stranger to a badaja, but I'm about to pose to a badaja, cotra, if you almost do it. The four of us would be three dudes in one girl. You know that, right?

I don't know what we do. I know it. I got a whole section on the website for it.

All right. Really? And you blow me up Tom.com. Coming up on the second hour, we're taking tests about this one. There is no second hour. There is no second hour, but there is a final segment.

We'll get to it right after this. We'll have more comedy, bang, bang, right away. No, comedy, bang, bang. We are back here with Amy Poehler, Jason Mizzoukas and Tom Lycus. You got it.

He is back with us. I kind of like him. I would have plug a sponsor here. I got www.wifeguns.com. Lifeduds.com for when you need a job done and you need your family cleaned up hard. These are guns you're killing your wife? I don't say that. All I'm doing is advertising a website that people go to, but I suggest you go from an unload, low click, your location. Maybe it's a gun that a wife gets. Okay. To protect yourself from a potentially violent husband. Yeah. Oh, don't buy into that Gloria Ored propaganda. The only guns that are needed are the one who will keep those pussies away from you when they start asking for vengeance.

Right. Right. All right, guys. Well, it's time for one of our favorite features on the show. And one of the first times we ever did was the last time you were on the show Amy and one tub hundred tub hundred tub is our toll-free telephone number. Not that. Open lines, open legs. Nope. It's actually time for the fre estyle rap battle. Oh, I'm nervous about this.

I'm afraid I might have a stop more slump. You were so good last time. The best that you were a goat. You were greatest of all time last time. Thank you.

I feel like I have nowhere to go, but down, but I'm really going to try my best. All right.

So I have a suggestion from our intern Caroline. She was written on a piece of paper. I've not looked at it until now and scorpions.

Really? All right. Boy, this is terrible. Too specific, I would say. But all right. We're going to go to, I guess I'll start it off. Let's see. Here we go. Turn it.

Turn me up. Turn me up on the headphones.

Here we go. Okay. All right. Well, my name is rapin Scott and I'm here to say it's fun to rap in a scorpion way. Put him in a pail. Put him in a pail. O oh, you got to watch out for the tail.

It'll sting you on your finger. Another place is of your body. Body body. Body body.

Wobby body body body. And then you'll be sick. Then you'll be sick. You got to get your dick out over to the doctor. Dickey doctor. Ticking tick. Tucked to see the doctor.

Get your doctor on. I'm up. All right, Amy. Oh boy. This is tough. Okay.

Well, I don't enjoy exotic pets. You can bet all the rest better take my name. You know, I used to have a dog. I used to have a cat. I used to do that. I used to give him food. I used to change the mood. I used to be like, what's up? Y'all. Let's go get some shoes. I used to buy my dog some shoes and he would walk down the street and be what's up, bitches. Dogs and bitches.

Female dogs and bitches. I'm not saying something bad.

Female dogs and bitches. I got my riches.

You better take it and buy me some more cars so I can break it. The sound barrier. When I drive fast, I can measure things. Make sure that they last. I can talk about the future and the past because I'm on a buy a boa constrictor and put it around my neck. Exotic pets. All the best.

Exotic pets. All the best. Exotic pets. What? All the best.

Get yourself a white monkey. Yeah. All right, Jason.

Talk about scorpions. I think he was in the theme. Jason, what do you got?

DJ Zooks come into the table to tell you a story about a f able. The scorpion. The tortoise.

One needs to get across the river. The tortoise. He can swim. The scorpion. He cannot.

The scorpion. Ask the tortoise for a ride and the tortoise says, but just sing me. The tortoise says, how can I trust you? And the scorpion says, come on, man, be cool. They get on his back.

The tortoise starts to attack. The water and he swims and he swims and he swims and the scorpion on the other side. They sting him. Boom. They're both drowning. The tortoise asks, why the fuck did you do them? The scorpion says, bitch, I'm a fucking scorpion. What did you expect? That's a fable on the table. Yeah. So many. So many rhymes. So no rh ymes. I didn't do a rhyme. I did a story wrap.

All right, like this.

My wraps are fresh because my pussy is rotten. I get more pussy than your dad ever got. Oh boy.

I'm hip. I'm a hop. I'm down with the cool. I'm ready to I 'm ready to bust it like I'm not with a fool.

Do you hear? Let's say that a time like this. Oh boy. Yeah.

Tom really got a got deep there.

Yeah, you're a little condom jungle called condom jungle for all your jungle condom needs.

Wait, what are your jungle condom needs? A jungle condom need is when you're going when you're going so far deep into that pussy and you know you're not coming out civilized.

Oh boy. Yep. We've all been there. All right. Good wrapping guys.

Yeah. I mean, it was good. I mean, I don't. I don't love my contribution. Yeah. I feel like I could do a better job. But you could have done a better job here.

And I'm sure you demand equal pay to male rappers. Don't you? Yes. I I'm sorry, Scott. Okay.

I'm sorry. I'm very upset that female rappers get less. This is one of your pet peeves.

This is one of my things. I just I'm very very upsetting to me that there are a really great female rappers and they get 80% to the dollar of male rappers. It just doesn't make sense. That half a tough song was a good song. Do you have a problem with a glass ceiling? Because I think that there should be a glass ceiling, a glass bottom floor and four glass walls for all women. To just pr ance around. Just a strip of bull.

Just a clear cage. A clear cage. What I hear from Tom when he says that is I'm lonely.

My mom didn't pay me a lot of attention. And what I hear from Amy when she says that is, let me give you that attention. I want to fill your loneliness. That's exactly right. I may be damaged, but let me tell you something. I got the medicine I need. You're falling into that crazy trap, Amy, where you're like, I can fix this guy. I do love broken birds. Yeah. Amy, have you ever fixed a broken bird that weighed more than two emos put together? Um, you mean you? You got it.

Um, I'm a land bird, sweetheart. I ain't flying it. Let me tell you how to lay down with my head the sand. Let me say the sand. Talk about your pool sweet.

Something about him is interesting to me.

Because it just is like, it's so much pain. I mean, really wears his pain like a suit. Are you beefing someone? I am beefing someone. You know what? Exc use me, Tom. I should point out before this goes further, I am beefing someone right now. And I don't know if I'm in a position to be in a relationship. Because you're currently beefing someone.

Because of your current beef status.

Are you allows me? No, she's not she was beefing someone. I 'm beefing someone. You know, it doesn't matter who I'm beefing. And it's none of your business. Oh, it sounds like now you're a lesbian.

She's not interested in me because she's a lesbian. That's what you are. Oh, no, no.

Everybody who doesn't have a sex relief falls into several categories. Bitch's, shrews, lesbians, or dikes. No. Well, on my Facebook status , it does say that I'm currently beefing.

Yeah. Good. Relationship, beefing someone. I love your Facebook page, by the way. Oh my god, me too. I love it so much. It's like, I've got it filled with it. Guys, Facebook pages are awesome, right? Yeah. Who's in your top eight? Um, it's Twitter and yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. And I don't even know how to, I wouldn't even know how to do a Facebook. Do you have Facebook?

No. You must have it for your show. No, I don't. I go, I'm sure. Like us?

www.myspace.com forward slash like us. What a one. All right.

All right, guys, it's time to play the last feature. Not the last feature because we all know what comes at the end of the show, but our favorite feature on the show, it's a little something called would you rather? This music reminds me of when you 're sitting down when a show is about to start. This is like, it sounds like the, you know, the overture of a very important musical. I feel like the lights are going to dim. What, like a musical like the Frogs by Stephen Sondheim or something? Something like that . No, I'm very serious. You'll be the Frogs by Aristophanes as adapted by Stephen Sondheim. Oh, sorry, Mr. Likeus. I didn't realize you were a theater book. Every, every play is based on a great treatment. Oh, yes. Which then they base a TV show. Yeah. The Frogs was my favorite TV show. All right , it's time to play. Would you rather we all know how this is played? People send me, would you rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBB, W.I.R. Comedy Bang Bang, would you rather?

I will then read the scenario out loud.

I will open the floor for questions. You can ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios in order to narrow down your choice. I will then close the floor for questions. You will vote. We will sign a winner and it's as easy as that.

So today's question comes to us from Malcolm underscore Ervin, AKA Ervin Contreras. Thank you, Malcolm, calling it from Temecula.

You're old tub. Yellow. He asks, would you rather have Osama bin Laden's ghost as your only friend?

Or have flesh made entirely out of irresistibly delicious cheesecake? Osama bin Laden's ghost as your only friend or flesh made entirely out of irresistibly delicious cheesecake? I'm opening the floor for questions. Sure, Jason. The floor recognizes Jason. Does the is the cheesecake, obviously the cheesecake is delicious, as described in the question, of course. Would people, is the supposition that people would want to eat your body? And if they did, would you regenerate more cheesecake? Or are you miss, if someone ate my fingers, would I be then missing them? Great question. Every part of your body is as regener ative as you go. Every part of your body is as regenerative. Nope, still wrong. Like a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of gimmer. Fuck it. No. If they eat your body, then it doesn't grow back. And do people know that your body is cheesecake? When word gets out? Yes, people know.

You try to keep it a secret for a really long time. But it looks like, I look at, sorry, follow up question. Yes. Look, I look like I do now. It just so happens that it's made of cheese cake. No, no, no.

You look like you're made of cheesecake.

But people are going to know, hey, heads up, that dude's made of cheese cake. Cheese cake, though, isn't necessarily something that you would look at and go, hey, that's a cheesecake.

That's true. I kind of have a cheesecake colored. Like my skin kind of looks like cheesecake already. Let me tell you, let me tell you, sweet heart, I would take you down to the factory and squeeze you through a few cheesecake cogs. Thanks, Tom.

So you, so Jason, in other words, you try to keep it a secret for as long as you can. You sort of wear one of those invisible man type of head wraps, you know, all over your body and sunglasses and stuff. But it's, oh, I'm sorry.

Yes. So if I'm choosing a cheesecake option, I'm dressed like a mummy all the time. Yes. Until people find out about it. Because that's my way of keeping it a secret. Yes. It's to dress like a mummy. Yeah. Okay. I got a very important question. Tom, if I made a cheesecake, then I'm dating a woman or five. How do I keep them from eating it and packing all the pounds when I need to be packing pounds under them? You're not concerned with them eating your body. Talking about how to keep my limited life. You're concerned with the weight they would gain. Oh, if they eat your body. Women are attracted to self-fat me. All women want to be fat and it is our job to keep them off of it.

That is true. There is, you know, feeders. Now, I have a question. What, you know, look, Osama bin Laden, the worst person in the world, right? I mean, just the, well, he's left the world now, but yeah, the worst ghost probably, right? Just what a terrible ghost he would be. Yeah.

I mean, like, there's, Hitler's ghost is about that. That's true. Hitler's ghost is out there, too, but, but we don't know what kind of friend he was.

Yeah, exactly. And, and he could have been a very loyal and supportive friend. A good listener? Yeah.

Maybe he was. Was he? No. He's terrible. He's exactly what you would think he would be. Just constantly talking about the infidels and, yeah.

Is he exactly, does he get a lot of pussy? Yeah. Oh, yeah.

Well, because, you know, his, his actual soul has ascended to heaven. And so he's getting all those virgins.

But his ghost is still down on earth. Still caught up in like, in revenge. The worldly, yeah, revenge. Now, is he still, is he running ghost al-Qaeda?

Yes, of course, which is made up of all the al-Qaeda people that we've killed. Yes. And they're trying to haunt, uh, anyone in the US, basically. And so they're, they're doing terrible things to the US citizens by, like, basically picking up pencils for one second and then dropping them. But they're method of doing this is to become those people's only friend. Yes. Exactly.

Right. Yeah. It's the word only that makes me lean towards cheesecake. Really? Only because only because I really respect and appreciate my friends and I fight to get rid of it. We don't vote yet, but you're right. Okay. I'm just, I'm just saying this. What a big surprise. We have a woman on the panel leading towards cheesecake.

Let me ask you something. How many virgins is he porcuping?

What is it? 78, 78, 70, I can't remember.

72. 72 virgins? That doesn't compete with what I got, baby.

How many virgins are you? How many vir-, I get, I have a service. Virginmail.com. Really? Sort of like Netflix? It's virgin. They spelled mail wrong. It's M-A-L-E. We're working a little fix again. So they may accidentally send you some mail virgins. Okay. I don't know. Jason, you have a question? I do have a question.

Is it a kind of Stockholm syndrome scenario in which once you spend enough time with the ghost of Osama bin Laden, you start to kind of be like, you know what? I see a human side to him.

I understand his struggles and now I can see maybe now we could be friends. Yes. It takes 25 years, but you finally come around to him and then- 25 years. Yeah . And that's about how long it took for the CIA to lose him. But then you become his greatest instrument of destruction here on Earth.

Oh, wait a minute. This just got interesting. It's nice to be of use. It always feels nice to be of use. Especially to a friend. Question. Yes. The chees ecake. Do I also smell like cheesecake?

I have a very sensitive nose. It smells very important.

Everybody knows that. Yes. You do smell like cheesecake, which is why you want to remain in a refrigerator for about 20 hours of the day.

Oh, my bad. I would take those thighs and put them on ice.

Wait, so you have to live in a refrigerator?

Yeah. You live in a refrigerator because if you spend too much time outside, you get spoiled and- Oh, that is hard. Oh, so just so I'm clear, you being made of cheesecake could become rancid.

Oh, yeah. And you do because even a cheesecake that's in the freezer gets spoiled eventually.

So eventually you do become rancid. Yes. Well, it feels like in both scenarios, when you become rancid, can you tour in a heavy metal band?

It's called a rancid.

You a cold bookable or ransom called rancid. You got it. Um I'm ready to vote. I don't want to wear a very important one. Yes, I'm a very important one. When they cut, we're like casual, cyber a lot. Sure. Tax to build a level to that will do that. But you know, you're a bit of the best friend. Tell them. It's cyberm ellow. Good week. How free? Who's going to score you pussy? Or a good wingman in other words, or the little kind of friend who's going to take a wig man job and crash the little tower. Is he always going to be the wig man who crashed you into the towers? He's going to crash you into some sweet, sweet, beefy cutlets. So is he all kind of friend who's going to be a wingman or is he all kind of friend who's going to be a wingman crashing into buildings? Well, I was a little kind of friend. He sounds like a wingman all kind of friend.

Right. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds so safe.

He's actually he's like how I go from young like his voice to old like his voice. Yes, just back and forth without any things you want to ever ask . By the way, that's what everybody in the message boards is talking about. Which is is it young like us or old like us? Which is it? Let me tell you something like us is timeless. Time like us. The question is what would a solubilad would be as a friend? Would he want you as a friend? That's my question. Oh, okay. That's a good question. Solicidus of that friendship. He handled what I've got. He not only can he handle it. He loves it. Oh, he loves it. All right. I'm ready to vote. Guys, we're closing the floor down. All right. Let 's close the floor. Okay. The floor is closed. No more questions. Amy, I'd like to know how you'd like to vote. I'm going to choose. I was I was very scared about the only about some of the non being my only friend, but I'm a life of solitude. Yeah, I'm even more scared of being in refrigerator 20 hours a day. So I'm going to choose a some of the London as my only friend. Okay. So Amy polar star parks and recreation. Once Osama bin Laden as her only friend. Pull quote. Pull quote. Of course. Of course. She's hoarding for a man. Let me tell you some sweetheart.

You're going to have a hard time getting with him because you're going to have a hard time with me, his biggest wig man because I pickle and saddle that lot of food. All right. Boy.

So the three of you now can be friends. So see, it's not not your only friend anymore.

Now you hang out with Osama bin Laden. You ever been double team by the ghost of two twin towers pounding in the use of soft. Soft growl. I'm drawing the line. No, I had a zero. I had some bleeps. We're out of them. I was here that you decided to tower double penetration from two twin towers, baby. God, I didn't even know last week. I was just like believe things that didn't need to be bleeped. And now it's just goes to show and then put it in building seven. Come on. Thank you, ma'am.

Jason, how do you vote? Guys, the key phrase that I feel like we've lost sight of was that in after 25 years with Osama bin Laden, you become his biggest weapon of destruction. So that means I'm not choosing that and I'm going to sacrifice myself. I'm going to choose cheesecake. But because I'm worried that I will have to spend 20 hours a day in a refrigerator, which sounds very lonely. I am going to throw a party and allow my friends to eat me for dessert. Yes. Oh, that's very, very giving. How long after your existence becomes cheesecake? So say it becomes you become cheesecake right now. When's that party happening? You know what? It's my it is my birthday in December. It will be them in December.

Right. My birthday. My birthday gift to everybody will be staying in the freezer until then . I'm going to stay there.

Which by the way, because I can put myself in the freezer for a couple of months. I can do it. Ask about it. It's not lonely because everything in the refrigerator and freezer is anthropomorphic and has come to life. Oh, like a Saturday morning. Like your vegetables are too. You never asked. So there. So there you go. So guys, I would have had like fun friends. You do have it because you picked it. Oh, no. And we're awesome. And we're going to eat you in December. That's fine. Hey, baby. I don't like things that are anthropomorphic.

I like a miss anthropomorphic. You know what I'm talking about? I do not know. I don't get it. And so Jason, you are the winner because you are the only one who's willing to sacrifice your body and you're not like a shell. Right. More destruction. I can't associate myself with terrorists anymore. No, you really you're on the watch list. I really got to be careful.

I've got a stern warning for you, Jason. You chose the plaque will become a little cheesecake and you said it all the air here on live broadcast radio.

So you know what's happening right now right here over the airwaves on your wolf radio. So all the listeners out there who are women now they know their chance to eat a little free cheese kit and they are pulling themselves out of their hair salons. They are yagging themselves out of their tannic boots or whatever hell it is they do during their day and they are going to swarm your apart. Certainly here. Bobbed by women who want to dismantle you. Congratulations. Yeah.

Congratulations. Yeah. Not bad. Not bad. All right. Well, that's how you play. Would you rather great work? Yeah, great work guys. Good game. That was tight for a while. I feel like I picked the wrong thing. Yeah. You didn't win. Amy, no regrets. No regrets. All right, guys, it is regrets, baby. It is a turn about is fair play, especially if you want to go on a butt side. Stop it. All right. It's time for our final feature on the show. It's a little something that we call plugs. Oh, does it have a song? Oh, oh, plugs. Tuh. Plugs.

this sounds like my vocal verb opposite the morning. plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus, plus. yep, plus, double double. plus. double double, double, double. plus. you ordering it from in and out?

Double it down with double dots.

Pluck it out, burgers.

Clocks.

Plocks.

Plucks.

Plots.

Plucks.

Women want to be abused.

Plucks.

Alright, boy, that was a long one, but a good one.

That was Cybertronic with Plugs.

Amy Poehler, Tom Lycus, remix.

Got it.

Ordering animal style there in the middle of it.

Take it all out animal style.

Yeah.

That's Cybertronic.

If you have a Plugs theme, head on over to earwolf.com under the Comedy Bank Banged Message Boards and put it in the appropriate thread.

And you can be famous for a week in Cybertron.

Ick.

You are famous for this week and this week only.

And then you will be nobody.

Come Monday, your reign of terror ends, and I will be glad for it.

Alright guys, let's open up the old plug bag.

What do you have to plug, Amy?

Obviously, Parks and Rec this Thursday.

We're gonna, yep, this Thursday.

Erring this Thursday, Parks and Rec, and then, um, oh, gosh, what else do I have to plug?

You're in some movies?

Um, smart girls at the party.

Uh, a YouTube channel that I have.

Oh great.

Yeah, check that out.

Is that out right now?

Yeah, smartgirlsatheparty.com, but there is also a smart girls at the party channel on YouTube and Google and there's good stuff coming that comes there every day.

Oh great.

Alright.

I actually have a plug.

I didn't know that about you.

Look at that.

Cybert.

Look at that.

Very excited about that plug.

Jason, what do you have?

You have the League on October 11th.

Yeah, the League coming up on October 11th.

Um, Children's Hospital, New Season is on now.

And you are a writer for that.

I'm a writer for that.

Yeah.

Um...

Do you have an episode coming up that you pretty do?

I do.

I don't know when exactly it airs, but it is called Children's Hospital.

Oh, interesting.

Wordplay or no?

Word clever.

Word play.

Okay.

Clever word.

Word play or spelling mistake?

Leave the judge or that.

Horrible spelling mistake.

But you just decide to go with it.

Uh, and then I had to write a whole episode around the spelling mistake.

Who knew he was writing a new title page?

Uh, I like this.

What do you got?

I, you know, I'm now broadcasting on the new normal network.

You can hear my show there or mobile top.com.

Wait, the new normal?

It's the new normal.

It's the new TV show?

Let me tell you the creator of that fucking show.

Let me tell you something.

I'm gonna find, I'm gonna find where they live.

And I'm gonna show that down their own fucking faces.

Oh my gosh.

That is my new normal, this is my network.

Because it's the title of a TV show coming out about, about the gay men, gay men have a surugate having a child.

Let me tell you something.

If you wanna be gay, then you watch the new normal TV show.

If you wanna get pussy, then you go log on to new normal network.com.

And also check out, check out the- I don't think, I don't think it's, you know, those are two choices.

I'm interested in either of them actually.

Well, like ours, we have sponsors.

We are sponsored by DUI lawyers, divorce lawyers and candle makers.

Oh, good.

We fart a lot.

Can't we candlemakers just in general or specific candles?

It's just the- Candlemaker Association of California.

My listenership farts a lot.

Great.

Very private.

All right, I want to plug out, hey, we have Ed Ehrwolf, a new show out, a short wave with Grant Lee Phillips, which is a show that I'm producing.

And I was very involved in creating with Grant.

And it's basically the first episode is up right now with Amy Mann, and it's a really cool show where he interviews musicians and then they play acoustic songs in the studio.

Oh.

And that's here at Ehrwolf.

Up today is Jukebox the Ghost.

And future episodes of the show has Susanna Hoffs.

And we have Yacht, the band Yacht, and Rhett Miller and all sorts of great people.

So check that out at Ehrwolf.

Also check out a new show from Ehrwolf's own Rhona and Beverly.

They have a new TV show on Sky Atlantic.

Two women.

If you're in the UK, you can watch this.

We have the podcast here at Ehrwolf, and they have their own show on Sky Atlantic.

So go check that out.

Special guests include John Hamm, Warwick Davis, Michael Bolden, all sorts of great people, and don't miss them Mondays 9 p.

m.

And that's it.

We're closing up the old plug bag.

You care closing up the plug.

Bingo, mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle.

It's Ken Marino with closing up the plug bag theme.

And guys, those plugs almost got out, so I'm glad we closed that bag.

You too.

I have an anti-plug.

Really?

What's that?

I don't think that you should not hear.

Okay.

Is the album low-hagged fruit available under your wolf duck?

From James Adomian, Canadian James Adomian?

He is not a student of Lycus.

No, why is that?

Well, let me tell you something.

He is chosen.

Dovin.

To what?

Man!

To fuck, man.

He's chosen too.

So it is choice.

He chose to bang out.

It is choice.

And you know what gays do.

They go and listen to Dopesh Mode and they dance with fat chicks.

So if you want to do that, go listen to that.

Go hangin' fruit James Adomian's stand up debut record.

That's what I understand about gay people.

All right, guys.

Great show.

Thank you so much for being here.

Amy, it's always a pleasure to see you.

I love being here.

And Jason, love you, buddy.

You're my best friend.

You are my best friend.

You are.

And Tom Lycus, do not care for you.

Do you care?

I do not.

All right, we'll see you next week.

Let's hop like his program.

Goodbye everybody.

Bye to the ships in city.

Tom, I do want to give you my number.

Oh, let's take it right now.

You won't be allowed to have a cell phone when I'm done with you.

Oh my god.

This has been an earwooled media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwooled.com.

Earwooled, radio, boom.

Talk on.

Ooh, ooh, ooh.

The world's dead.
