---
layout: page
title: 177. B.J. Novak, Wyatt Cenac, Keegan-Michael Key, Jordan Peele [14053⧸21061].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Star-studded show, the stars are out in Hollywood.

We have stars of the Daily Show.

We have stars of the Office, plus some people who like to criticize the show Key & Peel.

All of that and more, all on today's!

♪♪ It's been a great run.

Thank you for joining us for this final episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

It will undoubtedly be the best.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Good catchphrase.

Jim Sockerman sent us that.

It's been a great run.

Thank you for joining us for this final episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

It will undoubtedly be the best.

Not bad.

Not a bad submission.

Thanks so much for that Jim Sockerman.

And welcome to the show.

This is a boy.

It's an evening cassette upon Los Angeles here.

And it's a Hollywood Knight.

You know what I'm saying?

Hollywood Knights.

Welcome to the show.

My name is Scott Ocherman.

And we're having a very distinguished panel here on the show today because I have two old friends of mine who have never been on the show before, mainly due to work commitments and geography.

And so I'm very excited to see them both here today and not only see them but be listening to them through these headphones.

I didn't know I was part of a themed lineup.

Yeah, it's a theme of people who have never been on the show due to geography.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Yeah.

So try to fit yourself into that.

You know, everyone be listening to the show through that prism from now on.

All right.

A lot of the stuff I have prepared is not going to work now .

Really?

You prepared for this show?

I did.

Gosh.

I did.

All right.

Hang back until I introduce you by the way, VJ, if that's okay.

But why not introduce people because, you know, let's just get right to it.

You know, you don't need to hear anything from me about what time of day it is in Hollywood nights and how excited I am to talk to them.

Let's just talk to them.

You know what I mean?

But it is a great show.

You know, gosh, I would hate to let the moment pass without mentioning it is a great show.

It's going to be a great one.

So okay, we've addressed that.

All right.

Getting to our guests here.

You heard him, you're a fan of his work from his one inter jection thus far, but you also know him as a former cast member and writer on the hit television show NBC's The Office and American workplace.

BJ Novak is here is our first guest here.

Thank you.

BJ Novak played the temp Ryan on the show and just left the show his final appearance last Thursday.

We'll see.

Oh boy.

I hope it's your final appearance.

Thank you, sir.

Is that rude to say?

No, I don't see how it would be.

And to his right directly across from me, you know him from the daily show, which as far as I'm concerned is only on four times a week.

We'll talk about that.

White snack is here.

Hello.

That's all I have.

That's all you got?

Yeah.

You didn't prepare like DJ?

I am dominating this podcast.

No, already momentum is on your side.

Oh, are we voting afterwards?

Oh, yeah.

No, we're voting all the way through.

Really?

Yeah.

Yeah, I'm going to kick off the worst guest.

Let me see those dial graphs going up and down.

I do, but I just assume that there were like some people on life support in the next room.

Yeah.

Well, I don't know.

But apparently it's podcast life support.

Yes.

And I think that is welcome to the show.

Thank you.

How well do you guys know each other?

I couldn't tell when I booked you both as a comedy duo.

Yes.

Well, we're no VAC.

We're no P&P in terms of our chemistry.

But we're doing the best we can.

Yeah.

Do you guys, let me just tell you how I, or to tell the listeners rather, how I got to know you both.

We both came up through the LA kind of comedy scene.

BJ, I met you kind of when you first moved out here.

Right away at the Westwood Bruco.

There was an open mic there.

How long have you been in town at that point?

I had been in town for maybe a year, but I'd only been doing stand up for a couple months, maybe two, three months.

Stand up in LA or stand up in...

Stand up either.

Oh, I started in LA.

Oh, okay.

And then I came to your show at the Knitting Factory.

That's right.

You were performing.

I was performing.

I wasn't producing that show.

No.

We got to know each other pretty quickly.

You came up and introduced yourself, and I was a fan of your work.

And I was a fan of yours.

Thank you so much.

And Wyatt, similar, around town, LA, doing shows.

That's how I got to know you as well.

I believe so, yeah.

And then, yeah, I was just trying to think when the first time we met was, but I...

I can't remember it as succinctly as I can, BJ here, because he came up and complimented me, and I don't think you did that.

I've never complimented you.

I have no compliments for you.

I have nothing bad to say.

I just have nothing good to say either.

Yeah.

I know.

You just don't think of me ever.

I'm on the fence.

And Wyatt, you are here because the Daily Show, by the way, this comes out on Monday.

The Emmys were last night.

Yes.

Undoubtedly, you swept again.

So hung over right now.

BJ, did you...

Did the office ever win?

The office won once.

What'd it win?

Best comedy show.

Best comedy show, congratulations.

Thank you.

Did you get to go up on stage and jump around?

I did.

I jumped.

Act the fool.

I did whatever.

The TV industry wanted of me.

That's exciting to get on that stage.

You know what I mean?

John Stewart gave us the award.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Wow.

Your friend.

Not mine.

Wow.

No.

Because he gave you the award, did he say anything to you as he was handing you...

I lost respect.

You know?

I was like, this guy likes me this much.

Forget it.

I don't think he actually had any decision.

I was there.

He was handing me a gold statue saying congratulations.

I was like, calm.

I think he's into you.

Calm down, John Stewart.

I don't think it was his call.

I was there.

Right.

I know you were there.

He handed me a gold trophy for my work.

And he said, congratulations, great work.

Here's my question.

If the postman delivers you a check, do you then feel indebted to the postman?

I don't feel indebted.

I feel grateful, sure.

You never say thank you to your postman.

You never give him a tip at the end of the year.

I do.

I give him a tip every week, actually.

I think it's rude not to.

You know what I mean?

The minute he drops off to the mail, just slip him to 20.

Just 20.

Yeah.

So your postman is like your stripper.

I'm broke, by the way.

I don't know if I mentioned this, but...

It's not a great time to be a postman.

So I'm happy that you're putting that out there.

No songs about postman these days.

Oh, except for that one that Kevin Costner sang on the post man's soundtrack.

Uh-oh.

Amy Grant.

Team from the postman.

Yeah.

That's a fact.

You can look that up.

So let's get then individually to...

Because by the way, this is premiere month of all of our favorite TV shows.

It's an exciting time.

The stars are out tonight, literally, on this podcast.

In all month, we've been having your favorite stars of your favorite TV shows.

And last week, we had Amy Poehler from Parks and Recreation in the week before.

We had, of course, Justin Kirk from that new hit NBC show, Animal Practice.

And so the stars are out.

And I have two stars of our favorite TV shows right here in front of me.

And so we got to talk about it because September is my favorite time of year.

It's the most wonderful time of the year.

It's when it's all...

It's when...

Yeah, of course, 9-11, you know, and the minute that that's over, then we segue into my favorite part of the year.

Oh, wait, 9-11 is not part of your favorite part of the year.

I mean, it's memorials about America's resilience.

And they're very touching.

Yeah.

See, 9-11-01, no thank you.

No good, but O2 through 12.

Yeah, you've got a reason to celebrate.

Yeah, reason for the season.

I can see what you're saying, I think.

Yeah, wait, you're the one who said it.

I'm trying to spin for you.

I don't believe September is the best month, and I certainly don't believe September 11 is one of the best days.

What month do you like?

October.

Why?

Because of Halloween?

No, it's like close to September, but there's a little distance you can think about it.

And as a Jew, December, I have a question.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

Let's not go calling each other Jews here.

Well, I think I would be the only one to call one of the people in this room would you?

Well, sure.

You don't know my background.

Oh, that's true.

West Indian.

Oh, wow, you do know part of my background.

But let's...

You're obsessed with races.

You're obsessed with our backgrounds.

But so let's talk about it because you're both on TV shows, and let's talk to you individually about what's happening.

It's first go to B.J. Novak.

I mentioned it, you're off the office right now.

Yes.

We saw you goodbye.

You moved to Ohio on the show.

You were following Kelly Kapoor.

And that's it.

You're not working on the show anymore.

I'm not working on the show anymore.

You've been there forever.

How many years did you spend there?

I've been there for eight years.

Eight years.

Eight formative years.

That's a big part of your...

Yeah, huge.

That's my whole...

Yeah.

That's all of it.

How...

And now you're gone.

I was a late bloomer, so that's all of it.

Yeah.

Yeah, now I'm gone.

You first had sex on the set of the office.

Yeah, sure.

I lost your virginity there.

Yeah.

But now you're gone.

Now I'm gone.

It's over.

And how tough was that decision for you?

It was time for me.

But it was scary before I left, you know?

Sure.

I mean, it was kind of all I knew.

And it was a huge deal to me.

The people were a huge deal.

The sort of relationship to people who watched the show was a huge deal.

As soon as I left the set, which felt like never, everyone would talk to me about this show.

So it was kind of, you know, it was everything and it was scary to leave.

On the other hand, that's sort of why I was going a little ...

I think mad is a better one.

You went insane, really, on the show.

No, but you know, it's just...

Those are terrible ones.

Haven't picked up on this.

You know, when I talked to people about it, there no one said, you know, how could you leave?

Everyone got it.

Oh, so you were making...

You were making people miserable.

So I think it was really about sort of getting into the actual world and trying to clear your brain and write something else, write something new.

And how's that coming for you right now?

Are you writing something?

Terribly.

Ooh, it's a disaster.

Boy.

Bad decision.

I just watched the office.

You know, watch the office.

I don't cry.

I can't make myself cry.

I try.

Do you just now write fan fiction of the office?

That's a great...

That would be a great outlet for me.

People be like, this is very good.

You really know this show.

Yeah.

You seem to really get the character's voices.

Yeah, well, thank you.

This is fan fiction fan fiction I'm living out now.

Yeah, really.

You wrote really good fan fiction, he said.

Why thank you, I said.

But can we talk about...

You've sort of moved on to Mindy Show, is that right?

That's right.

I'm helping produce Mindy Kaling Show, which I'm very proud of and excited about.

The Mindy Project, which premieres again my favorite time of year, September.

It premieres this week.

What day of the week is that?

September 25th.

And that would be the...

25th.

What day?

That's a Tuesday night.

Tuesday night.

What time?

After the new girl, 930.

930, 830 Central.

I'm helping her produce it, are you writing on it at all or just sort of producing?

I was executive producer of the pilot, which we'll be airing this Tuesday.

Congratulations.

And thank you.

And now I'm a consulting producer on the show.

It's great.

I hear it's a very funny show.

No one sent me a screener when they said it.

It's free online.

It's on Hulu.

I kind of want a screener.

Oh, you want a physical copy?

You paid that money for that DVD player.

You're kidding.

Okay.

You get your money's worth.

When I asked you to be on the show, the first thing that I think is you're going to send a screener.

I did.

I sent a lot of cringers.

So we can discuss my work on the podcast.

Okay.

I will get you a Blu-ray disc.

Thank you of the show.

I expect a screener and a player.

Okay.

Yeah, I can get you a...

That's polite.

I can get you a... a Sanio portable player.

Turning to white, Snack.

I still have no compliments for you.

Oh, god damn it.

What we got to do?

That was a pretty good interview, wasn't it?

It was.

BJ really did some great work there.

Come on.

I kept it moving.

Peace.

You were there.

You were present.

Oh my gosh.

Well Wyatt, you were on The Daily Show.

You've been there for, by my count, three years.

A little over three years.

What?

Four?

It'll be four and a half in December.

Oh, congratulations.

My count's a little off.

Yeah.

Wow.

You don't read my newsletter that I send out by mail that you sent.

Secular.

Yeah.

You clearly tip the mailman, but you don't take the time to read my newsletter.

No, I throw all my mail away.

See, that seems like that's now understanding all your bros .

I get you to tip this mailman, $20 a day.

Yeah.

I mean, I make him talk to me for three hours.

I am very lonely.

What a block.

What a block this must be.

I remember when you got that show, it was very exciting.

And you've been on it for so long.

And now it's almost like you're synonymous with it.

You're a major player on it.

You know what I mean?

Am I?

I don't know.

I don't watch it.

I don't either.

I just work there, man.

I haven't seen that show.

Yeah.

I don't know what it's about.

I write some stuff.

I say some stuff.

No, it's been a while.

Yeah, it's four and a half years.

It's kind of amazing how quickly it's gone by.

Yeah.

And yeah, it's weird to come back here because I never come back here.

And so it's weird to come back once a year and everything's changed.

You've gotten taller.

I thank you so much for noticing.

That's still not a compliment.

God damn it.

Yeah, that's just an observation.

Oh boy.

Can you observe that I'm doing a good job on this show and that you observed that you liked my TV show or anything like that?

I've observed the show.

Oh my god.

Reggie.

Great.

What?

Reggie is great on that show.

He's the worst part of that show.

Are you kidding me?

He's terrible.

I haven't wanted to say this publicly, but since I just blurted it out, it may as well.

He's fucking terrible on the show.

Really you like what he's doing.

I like him.

I do.

I'm a fan.

I'm not a fan.

But your contempt shines through on the show.

Thank you so much.

Is that a compliment?

Yeah.

Thank you so much.

Yeah.

Yeah, he's terrible, but terrible.

So what is coming up on the daily show?

What's planned out for the year?

Like, what's the arc?

What's the overall arc of this season?

Well, you can have it in that Mormon guy.

Yeah, really.

The producers have been talking with them.

We send our producers to talk with each of the candidates and everybody in the news media just to kind of our ideas, our suggestions, and then like a reality show, you can't nudge them too much because they'll rabbit and you don't want that.

So yeah, we just nudge them.

Yeah.

You know, one thing I noticed in the news and in politics in general, and this must be a great time for you on the daily show every four years, did you come in at the election for the year?

Yeah, I came over there, like four and a half years.

One thing I noticed is that Washington a lot of times, it's almost as if the circus is in town because they're because, hold on, because the clowns in Washington are all clownish in appearance and in the manner in which they act.

And so to me, it's a lot like a circus is in town and that the clown cars open up in the clown and because the clowns in the three ring big top, you know what I'm saying.

That's very well said.

Yeah.

I'm going to say that was an astute observation.

Well guys, it's a great pleasure to have you both on the show and that's it.

We're done.

Yeah.

See you later, guys.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

No, I hope you'll stick around for the entire show.

We have to take a break right now, but you know, daily show returns this week, Mindy Project, very first episode, a very special episode, executive producer.

And by the way, if you're going to watch the Mindy Project, try to spot the difference of how it was executive produced and how it was consulting produced by DJ Novak.

Hopefully, the difference won't be that clear, but if you 've done your job right as a consulting producer, if you know show business, you'll know.

Let's take a break.

We'll be right back.

We'll have more white snack, more BJ Novak.

We'll be right back with comedy bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.

We're back here with Wyatt, snack and BJ Novak, two of television's brightest stars.

Is that safe to say?

No.

Okay.

I wonder, I think you can say wonderkins, wonder kinds, which is the name of the new project that we have.

Together?

Yes.

Why now we're working?

During the break, you guys came up.

Yeah.

During the break, we pitched it, we sold it.

What?

Yeah.

NBC family.

Yeah.

Oh, it got canceled already.

Okay.

But there's already, there's a big fan.

They might bring it back.

Yeah.

They might bring it.

Reboot.

Keep writing letters.

Tell them, save wonderkins.

Wow.

That is why you're a consulting producer.

That's how fast TV moves, man.

It's really something.

You know, in today's ever-changing landscape, it's just a big thing.

It's just hard to keep track of stuff like this.

Yeah.

Well, we also have two more guests on the show that I'm very excited to say hello to.

And all it has, you know, you guys have just published this up.

All it says here is internet critics.

I'm fascinated to learn what exactly that means.

But let's welcome to the show Van Davey on and Mike.

Hello.

Good afternoon.

How is everybody today?

I'm good.

Yeah.

We are critics on the internet and whatnot, mostly on the World Wide Web.

We use that one the most.

Oh, that's a good one.

Yeah.

That's a good one.

What we do, we will use, we will make videos where we critique comedic shows.

And we try to make sure that the comedic shows are better.

A little bit funnier.

Yeah.

They said that they could be funnier, though.

You know, sometimes I'll be watching a comedic show and I will say, yeah, man, they miss lots of opportunities for jokes here.

You know what I mean?

It's stupid.

Yeah.

Go ahead, Mike.

Say it.

Oh, so you're Mike and you're- I'm Van Davey.

Mike Smith right here.

So Mike is mastermind and sometimes he'll be even finding things and seeing things that I have missed, like on the nuance.

So what do you guys do?

You watch TV shows together?

Yeah.

You guys hang out or what is that?

Mostly television show.

We watch, we watch, we work at the TSA.

So we be serving the country and everything.

Oh, yeah.

It's going to- Oh, yeah.

We salute your service.

There's like one dude in this room who's kind of brown.

I can him a little bit, going to watch him just to make sure that's our jobs.

Why?

How does that make you- Racial Profime that is our job.

It seems a little weird.

Like- Yeah, why would- What am I going to do?

We're not- Oh, that's fine.

I was talking about this dude over here, the engineer that looked like Roberto Duran.

Oh, engineer Cody?

Yeah, I wasn't concerned so much about you because I'll assume that- You're raising red flags over there.

Wait, you assumed that that- that white's okay for some reason?

Yeah, man.

I can't tell just by the texture of his hair and whatnot that he's probably not a threat.

What have we seen him?

We've seen him.

I've seen him on TV one time.

There's a show I know of you all that was aware of this.

There is a television show on Comedy Central Network and it 's got a dude on it named John Stewart's and he is- Yeah.

He does political jokes and whatnot.

No, no, I know all about this.

Oh, you do?

Yeah, this is the daily show that white is a cast member of .

Yeah, oh, that's where we had seen him, right?

Wait, why are you bringing it up if you're just realizing that that's where you've seen it?

That's where I've seen him.

He heard it in the back.

Where did you think you saw me before?

I thought perhaps I had seen you on what was the other program, man?

Charmed.

Charmed?

That's what it was.

Oh, yeah.

With the witches.

Yeah, the Covenant witches.

Yeah, he was like going to be like, once you want you like an Igor character uncharmed?

No, I wish, man.

That was not you.

No, but that- I stand corrected then.

I didn't realize it was three witches in one Igor character .

I didn't know.

Yeah.

I just much had their Benny Igor character.

I'd say it would have been better.

So that's kind of what you guys do is you critique.

Yes, we do.

We try to make sure to let them understand how things could be better.

And mostly what I- what we'd be noticing mostly in television shows, all kinds of ills, is that if you swear more or say penis- That's funny.

Or just if you have penises in the show, it's just funnier all around.

Pee-pee-pee-pee-pee.

I don't mean if people are showing their penises like a boardwalk empire kind of thing.

Yeah, well, certainly.

Yeah, that's funny.

To me, that show should be funnier because there's more- there's penises abounding.

Right?

So I don't understand why it's not funny.

Yeah, why aren't there more laughs in that show?

There's so many penises going on.

Like, there should be a laugh track.

I think that might help it.

That might help people.

Yeah.

Then I would know exactly when I should be laughing during the show.

Yeah, because you know that this is a funny penis as opposed to like this is a threatening penis.

Right, exactly.

It's a nice thing to chop a penis off.

Am I supposed to go, oh, I feel bad for that dude now?

Right.

It's stupid.

Right now.

You're stupid.

This is just me chopping off more penises than that.

This is serious.

That sounds a little more like a Game of Thrones thing than a boardwalk empire.

I'm not sure how many penises are getting chopped off and burdened.

That's my shit though.

I do feel- Game of Thrones is my shit.

Game of Thrones, really?

Tell them your idea about how Game of Thrones could be funn ier though.

Tell them not.

No, you do it.

Nick, is your idea telling me?

No, you do it.

I ain't trying to be on radio.

But you want fun to Mike?

You hear right now?

Just go ahead and tell them.

Okay, so he thinks that maybe if- Please, yes, van David.

I'll just take over.

Yeah.

I'll just say it this.

If Mike's a little shy, it seems like a- Sometimes, man.

The swords look like dicks.

Then go ahead and tell them that.

The swords look like dicks.

Like if all the swords look like dicks, they would be funn ier then.

You know, like if I do pull it out.

Shing.

Yeah, but he was saying like it make the shingsong.

But then it's like flaccid.

Or non-sock.

Floppy dicks.

I said it incorrect.

Flaccid.

That's what I said.

I said it word wrong.

Yeah, stupid right now.

But if you pull the sword out and it's like, beurips?

Like that.

So first it goes, shing, then it goes, beurips.

Yeah, because when it goes, shing, you think it's going to stay hard the whole time.

That would make it funnier.

That's the way that's the way that's the way that's the way that's the way that's the way.

Then Game of Thrones would be a laugh riot.

That's the way I'm meant to tell you it's version.

Yeah.

I don't know that they're- that's what they're going for.

I feel like they're going for some sort of historical epic drama.

Oh, is that what they're going for?

Yeah, I don't know that they want it to be a comedy.

This is the thing about me.

I feel like every show on television should be a comedy.

Oh, because you like to laugh.

Yeah, man.

Like, I mean, do you- you don't work at the TSA.

It's the doldrums.

Yeah.

So like the only thing I want to do when I come home is just- It's boring.

Zone out and laugh.

I'm gonna laugh and let it come from the gut, you know.

Right.

Well, you must love- I'm playing.

That could be a last riot.

That could be funny, though.

That shit could be funny, though.

Like, if Claire dames- go ahead.

Yeah, if they do a little- some balls on her chin.

Ah, yeah.

If she cry, if she cry, the- the balls- What they shrivel up?

They shrivel up?

Yeah, you made it like a shrivel up for us.

She does cry a lot in that show.

See, it would be funny if she opened up one of her medicine bottles and poured some nim pills to help her get happy in her hand.

Uh-huh.

And it was like little balls.

See, these are the verticals.

Like little throat- See, that's Jesus.

Jesus, stupid right now.

But Stan, why don't they take them opportunities?

Well, you know, you have two comedic stars here right in front of you.

Yeah, I like this.

I like Toby.

Thank you.

I know what's going on.

What's going on?

I don't think that it's- I know, I know.

Who is B.J.

Novat?

Who does he mean?

Paul plays a character Toby on the show.

Oh, on the- oh yeah.

So you know him from the office.

Yeah, I think he tells Toby right here.

No, it's not- no, this is not- You're not- my character's Ryan.

But- Oh man.

I like Toby.

He's out of the door.

He's the other one.

Yeah, he's the other one.

Oh, okay, you do want- yeah.

I notice right now that you have dark hair just like you do on the TV show.

Yep.

And Toby got blind hair.

That's a tip off.

Yeah, usually when you recognize it, it's a movie- It's a naturalistic show.

It's really- yeah, I should have noticed that for me.

You normally just, you know, put your eyes up a little higher.

They're higher.

Look at the color of their hair, yeah.

You're a real life.

But, I mean, you must watch a show like The Office and you must be laughing a lot because it's one of America's great comedies.

I mean, it's an American workplace.

Yeah.

And it's one of America's great comedies.

We do enjoy workplace comedies, especially Mike.

Yeah.

I like the subtleness of it.

The subtleness of it is the best part to me of it.

Thank you.

But- This is relatable.

So that's a good- Thank you.

That's actually a good note that it's a relatable comedy.

That's a good note.

I told you Mike has ideas- That's also the problem with it.

Do you guys have any suggestions for the final season of The Office which is coming up?

Because what I think, man.

It's a matter of fact we do.

Here's the first thing.

If Dwight Schrute, if like he should, if he had a big dick, then you would be, then you'd go, oh, now I understand why Angela'd be liking him.

He'd just have justified it, right?

And it'd be funny at the same time.

Now, BJ, I've noticed they've never actually talked about his penis size on the- We've not talked about his size, no.

You've talked about the width or- No, no.

Occasionally, in the paternity question, there's talk about it.

They talk around it.

See, that's the- They don't show it.

Which is what I think is a big, that's an interesting- That's an missed opportunity.

It's a missed opportunity.

But also.

Do you see how this is the opportunity?

Look, I was a British person.

Awesome.

Yeah.

Opportunity.

Because it's a liquid, because it's for TSA.

Sometimes when people come around from other countries, you want to make them feel comfortable.

So let's say we can't show- You can't do it.

Okay.

What else?

I got one.

Wow.

I'm not saying we can't, but- Mike says he has one.

You want a role, right?

Yes, it also just have a party and characters, characters' relationships, crescendo into big moments.

That is something we do a lot.

And that could have a Christmas party.

Yeah, I don't- Christmas party?

If you see that, I don't want you to think that we took that from you.

Because that is- But if it's the biggest one you've ever done.

Well, it's hard to judge.

What if- One person's biggest is another person's.

What if you invite other people from other floors that are not dundered, mifflin related?

That's a good idea.

Mm-hmm.

It's- I just want to be careful that- Yes, stars from the past.

And neither of you think that this is stolen from you if this ends up happening on the show because it's the kind of thing that always might- It's- It's- It could happen- It could happen in a moment.

It could happen in any moment.

So I just don't want you guys to get upset or- But it's- But it's- But it's a very good idea, but it's a general- No, we would not take any kind of litigious- Litigious action.

It's- It's- It's- You know what?

Okay, great.

This is what happened when we pitched birds to Pixar.

That's right, and they were like, what?

I'm gonna- I'm gonna say birds.

We say just do birds again, but this time it's dead and you don't get to have two- What was the first birds?

They would do that movie with- I'm sorry.

They'll burn in the bugs life.

That's what you're thinking about.

That's what I'm thinking of.

Wait, tell me about- Wait, tell me about Pixar- Wait, tell me about Pixar- The Pixar meeting.

Yeah.

You pitched birds- Yeah.

As a general area.

Different kind of birds.

Wow.

Different than the bird in a bug's life.

There was some birds in Finding Nemo, I recall too.

There was a seagull.

We originally in the pitch thought that maybe if all the- If it was just about the seagulls, and then Mike said, no, let's do it so that like all the birds, it's different birds trying to live in one big nest.

And then the people at Pixar said that would be limiting if they all just stayed in the nest the whole time.

And I was like, well, what did they just baby birds then?

And the little ones hatch out and like it is a toucan and then like a, you know, a chickadee or something.

Yeah, with different types of birds in the same nest?

Wouldn't that be- Because then when you'll be wondering the home of the- I love that.

I love getting that nest.

I love that.

And then we- How did you get this meaning at Pixar?

It was having a festival.

What?

It was Oakland.

It was a festival in Oakland.

Was it just North of the end?

What was the festival called?

It was a- Chopsocky.

It was having a- Chopsocky?

Did I hear you saying?

Chopsocky.

Chopsocky festival in Oakland?

It was in Chopsocky.

It was half-chops so we have kung fu.

Uh-huh.

Why was Pixar there?

And Pixar.

Pixar was- Lot of the people in the Pixar- They're opening the next film.

They have banners.

The movie.

So we watched the D-master.

At the time it felt confidential.

The posters were small.

Okay.

Oh sure.

Yeah, no, then that's- It was like a card.

Yeah.

It's like a hard flyer.

But that's card stock.

I grabbed one man forcibly by the arm and said, can we talk to you about a movie idea?

He seemed to think that we were regular denizens from Oakland.

He said, I guess I better.

Wait, he just- he seemed to think that you were- and you're not regular denizens of Oakland?

No.

We was it.

I have no idea where you're from.

We're from- We're definitely from the Bay Area.

Okay, so you're from the Bay Area.

Just not Oakland.

From different places.

No, man, I don't know.

I got a great air.

She live in Oakland.

Oh, okay.

But that's the relative's there.

Okay, so it's not too far of a stretch.

You're from the Bay Area.

You might live in Oakland.

He's seen and I could listen.

Part of it could be that he was indeed scared for his time.

Sounds like the majority of it.

But it seems to me that he was wrapped with attention.

Yeah, I know.

You don't have no reason we were- I think when you're scared for your life, it can be related though.

Yeah.

We were for the government.

Yeah, I know that helps.

We did tell him that.

We said, no, have no fear.

We were government employees.

That would ever happen when you're in the TSA.

Like when you're working your job.

Twice a day.

Do you ever stop like you see like, oh, there's Steven Spielberg.

And then you're like, oh, we got to pat you down and then talk to him.

Oh, my, tell him what we pissed to Steven Spielberg's.

I'm pissed.

Tell him what we pissed to Spielberg's.

Remember this?

This is good.

It was like half space movie, half cowboy movie.

And what happened is there were cowboys, right?

And in the- I'm going to stop you right now.

There's a movie that came out called Cowboys vs. Aliens.

Spielberg said that said, you funny.

You funny.

And then I was, and then I saw the movie.

It's different.

It is different.

And what way is it?

Well, the spaceships are shaped like dicks.

It's like ours is a comedy.

Oh, okay.

It's a comedy.

What were the aliens shaped like?

Well, what it was, the aliens, this is not an ergonomic design, but the aliens fly the ships from underneath the ship and they're fat.

Okay.

And you know, you know, I'm going with this.

I do.

Aliens look like like balls.

Yeah.

They look like balls.

And the ship is like a, you know, like a palace.

So you knew you were sacrificing the reality.

You knew that wasn't a good design.

I know.

I mean, it's like, how would they ever get in the atmosphere?

But that's not what- Because yeah, you know- Your priority was- There was an iron ore there.

But we worked out.

Right.

Yeah.

And can I ask one other question?

What were the cowboy shaped like?

Cowboys, those human beings.

Well, they were human beings, but- I mean, they just, they just cowboy, Scott.

But did they have their dicks out all the time?

Well, one cowboy, the hero of the story, plasma bolts, was shoot out of his dick.

He was- And then you find out later he half alien.

So that's- That's why he could reckon- That's good.

He could reckon with the aliens.

Because in the alien world, dicks is just a normal shape.

Okay.

When you shoot plasma bolts out of your dick, do you have to then like take a nap?

Like does it- Can you shoot like a bunch back to back?

Or do you need to like- Yeah, you need like- Yeah, you need like- A refractory period for plasma bolts.

Yeah.

In the first draft of the script, remember we try to keep it realistic.

And- You have to.

But then we realized the aliens were just getting killed.

We did 40, 40, 42 drafts.

Maybe 42, I said 40.

Oh, wow.

It was 42 drafts of the script.

We might have let some gods do security.

We were- Were you working on this at the airport?

Yeah, I'm not going.

I'm going to beat like- What year was this?

Yeah, this wasn't 11 years ago, was it?

It started 11 years ago.

Okay.

I don't know.

We're maybe getting too specific.

We got the idea for a living, you know.

Do we start writing it round about- Yeah, round about August, okay.

Yeah, I think we get- So are you going with this?

We were off our game last week.

Remember, we were off our game during our video television critiques because of 9-11.

We were thinking about that more often than perhaps we should have been.

Yeah.

But you know, just- We took- Did you get certain things wrong?

Did you give bad advice?

Yeah, I felt like I wasn't talking enough about dicks.

Mm-hmm.

You know what?

It was a sense inside of me.

I'm like, boy, we finished one of our recordings and I thought to myself- We was driven to the destruction.

Yeah.

About the tragedy.

And your mind was wondering so much you couldn't get it back on dicks.

I couldn't get back on dicks.

I'm like, what?

I thought I'd say I'd get this and this whole vlog.

We just, man, I only mentioned penises one or two times.

Oh, no.

And we must review six or seven shows.

This is the week right here.

Next week is the mother load, y'all.

That's when all of the shows- All the shows are coming back.

All of our favorite shows.

We got the Daily Show.

We have the Mindy Projects.

Yeah.

Can't wait to see the Mindy Project.

You know what I'm saying?

I can't wait.

Do you got dicks in there?

Yeah.

Y'all got dicks in that show, right?

Well, it's a medical workplace.

So, you know, it- it- it- there are fertility issues.

Okay.

There's no direct- There's no direct-visual representation of a penis.

Well, color us- But- But interested.

Well, good.

I hope you like it.

I can't wait.

You're gonna have crossover.

No crossover.

So, she don't far.

It's not- It's not- It's funny if she hit her head and woke up at Dunder Miff lin.

That would be funny.

That would be very cool.

You know, you could do that.

What if that happened and I would be watching?

That's cross-platform.

Meanwhile, Kelly Kapoor comes over to the office to visit one day, hits her head, dreams she's on the Mindy Project.

That's right.

I don't know if each other's audiences are watching that.

What if they're different networks?

I don't know if they'd want to do that.

Yeah.

Yes, Virginia, if they did do that, because then she could say, you can, Kelly could be like, oh, what a life.

I work here at the Dunder and the Miff.

This- Yeah.

And then- Oh, really?

She does.

I don't think she talks like that.

She hit her head- Oh, okay.

I was not speaking quiswahili so much as I was just hitting my head twice quickly.

I get it now.

Yeah.

No.

Okay.

Wait, were you speaking quiswahili?

Right there I was.

Oh, alright.

Which is the same.

One break here right now, but when we come back, I would love to hear you tell Wyatt how to fix the Daily Show.

Okay.

Because I think you have a lot of great ideas as far as I'm concerned.

And, you know, I mean- Well, thank you.

That'll be our pleasure.

Yeah.

Okay.

So let's take- Now on the right track.

Let's take a break.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we are back here.

And we have, of course, wide-snack from the Daily Show and BJ Novak, formerly of the office, currently consulting producing the Mindy Project.

And we also have Van Devion and Mike, who they say that they're internet critics.

I still don't know exactly how that works.

I guess you get on the internet and you criticize things.

Do you do it for a living?

Yeah, you just said it pretty much and what not right there is exactly how we do it.

Like we get on the internet, we will make a video, we will critique a show and tell it how it could be indeed better.

But that is like, that's our part-time job, our full-time job.

At the moment, it's working at the TSA.

And Mike, like he mentioned before, that he will monitor the screens and then very often point to another human being and say, come over here.

And then I will be, usually, I will be distracting the people as they are going through.

But then I said, please put your hands up and then I will say, read the sign.

And then I'm the one that holds the, I pulled the thing across and go, stay here, sir.

So all that is just distraction, you say?

It's really- You don't need to do that, really?

No, you don't really need to do it.

It's just so that they do.

You do equipment is fake.

You don't want to be- What?

Oh yeah, we ain't X-rayed nobody.

What?

No, no, no, that's definitely- So when I see this- When I see that X-ray, that's just like footage on a loop?

That's why have you ever seen the X-ray and the person looks a little more like bigger than you are?

Like how is that an X-ray of me?

Oh yeah, I just assume everyone's skeletons are- Oh no, that X-rays is from years ago.

Oh my God.

Oh yeah, we took that picture- Stop footage.

Why?

Stop footage.

The distracts and see what happens is sometimes- Why do they play the old images?

Because what happens is people will get nervous if they see him monitoring their luggage and whatnot and then they get the false reading.

That's not the- I mean if they're getting nervous- What's happening?

If my point is, if they're getting nervous then they're doing something- Make a problem.

It's not your problem to worry about the people passing through securities, nervousness.

Yeah, we like to assert people that easily.

Really?

That's just your main job is to set people at ease so they have a pleasant time going through security.

I guess we did not mention that we have our own setup.

Now there's other setups.

Those might work.

I mean those particular ones might work.

But yours in particular is not.

We try to add an extra service.

We want them to be comfortable the second they get in.

Do your bosses know the fact that your machinery is not working currently?

It's probably not a good idea for us to be announcing this out loud.

Yeah, we're gonna say that might be a national security- Can we cut this part out?

I don't think so.

We just try to offer extra service.

That's all we're trying to do.

You know it in the long run.

We haven't purchased editing software yet on these podcasts .

Oh man.

I know that was our net.

We're getting that next week.

I'm so sorry.

Next week.

I'm putting my foot in it, Mike.

Well you can put it in context.

Okay, I can say that.

I guess we're gonna have to get those machines real now for now casting doubt whether or not they're gonna be real enough in the future.

Yeah, but it sounds kind of like you guys are the equivalent of like Walmart greeters.

You know, you're not really necessary but you're there to make people feel good when they come in.

So the more nervous they get, the more you try to set them at ease.

I'm sorry because you want to be able to pinpoint who's nervous because they're terrorists and who's nervous because- That's why I feel that hard to fly.

But where I would differ is that I would find the people who are most uncomfortable and I would question them more carefully, not less.

I would go at them hard.

I would go at them hard because they could be drug smugglers, they could be human traffickers.

But- If they're that nervous, you might want a zero in on them, not relax them.

That is a tactic.

I had, that's good.

I did not thought of using that tactic.

I think what event- Where were you 11 years ago?

Right.

Yeah, I mean, yeah, it's- That's a high high compliment.

I'm well-good to say that now, but to criticize them now.

Toby could have been the hero.

Yeah.

I know what you mean.

I think what Van Devion and Mike are saying is that they set the potential terrorists at ease so they don't perform any terrorist activities.

So they kind of calm them down and they can feel good about America.

I'm pretty sure on a couple of occasions we have kept planes from blowing up because the terrorists have just said, those gentlemen were nice to me.

Yeah.

Why don't I apply that to all of America even though I disagree with this forum?

Who has the real heroes?

You know what I'm saying?

Well, thank you, man.

I appreciate that.

Appreciate it.

Why did I know you have to take off in a second because you have a thing?

More emmy parties.

More.

So many emmy parties.

The day after the emmy is- What are you going to?

I'm going to the Stacey Keach emmy party.

Oh, he was on a great one.

Yeah, he's on one so I'm going to pop in over there and then- Yes, his signature drink, the Mike Hammer.

You get Mike hammered off of him.

Yeah.

Yeah, so yeah, I'm going to- That's word play.

That's good right there.

There's so much.

Mike hammered more puns.

Yeah.

What word play should be in TV shows?

Yeah.

Going to hit that up.

I think they're having an empty Nestry Union.

Oh, Mull again.

Yeah.

He's back.

Yeah, so I'm going to go pop in there and the television of Arts and Sciences.

That reminds me of your Pixar movie.

That's the opposite of your Pixar movie.

Yeah, empty Nest.

It's an empty Nest.

It's not a Nest full of a variety of birds.

Right, yeah.

But a lack thereof.

Wow.

They're polar opposites and enemies, those two projects.

Okay, but I did want it before you have to go wide.

I wanted you guys to sort of like give him a little bit of critique of The Daily Show.

You've seen The Daily Show.

You brought it up earlier.

John Stewart.

He talks about the news.

You've seen Wyatt here doing stories on newsmakers.

Right.

Yeah.

Honestly, you all need to sometimes just go the script away and improvise the entire show.

Wow.

Well, he might just took the words right out of my mouth.

Did he?

Yeah, man.

That's what I was going to say.

Wow.

Yeah.

No preparation.

You should just go out there.

I feel like I want to write this down, but I feel like that 's actually that goes against kind of the advice you just gave me.

But it's great advice, but I'm not going to write it down.

Sort of even the spirit of the note.

Yeah.

It's enough for me that you heard it.

Yeah, no, I heard it.

I heard it loud and clear.

I'm not going off the television the whole day.

You don't have outside influence.

Yeah, just see what happens.

It seems to me though, their show is about the stuff going on that day and it's a heavily written show.

No, but I mean, I like this idea.

We just turn it off.

We don't, you know, don't watch the news.

Don't know what's going on.

Just see what naturally we kind of stumble upon.

See, that's the kind of story I like to see.

If dicks come up.

All the better.

If they come up, hey, you know what I mean?

I'm going to address it.

Dicks.

That's a good amount of live by.

If dicks come up, address it.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I don't know if I would like the kind of show where people just wander in two minutes before the show and we're not prepared or I mean, they're not prepared and no one's talked about what they're going to do and it's all improvised.

I mean, it seems boring.

Not your thing.

It's not Mikey kind of thing.

I mean, that's what we do on our show and it seems to be working.

Well, why did I know you have to go?

I have to go so I can't stick around for you guys to take your dicks out.

It sounds like it's going to be really a great show.

Just listen back after you little when this comes out.

When this gets done, then you'll know.

You'll know.

Yeah, I'll know what I missed.

And I'll tell you what, I think you're going to laugh.

I think you will laugh hard.

Yeah.

I really do.

I feel like Mikey and I is on to something.

I really do.

I really, I mean, honestly, like I would, I almost hate for you to turn the critical eye upon my show and we'll get there.

But why did I know you have to go?

So thanks, thanks, Wyatt for dropping by.

Yeah, I'll tell you your parties.

Yeah.

I'll tell Stacey Keats you guys said hello.

Yeah, we'll do.

We'll do.

And I know an all the empty nest people that are still alive as well.

Yeah, even the ones who aren't alive.

You know what I mean?

It's mainly more of the dead ones that are going to be there.

Okay.

The live ones.

This is a party out there, gravestones, right?

This is all at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery.

It's a grave robbing party.

Oh, there's empty nesters there.

So guys, you know you have someone who works at the Fox.

I'm affiliated.

Yeah, I mean, you could grab him forcibly right now.

I'm already listening though.

And yet...

Do we want to, do we want to, do we want to, do we want to, do we want to, do we want to, I heard it, man, you want to pitch it.

Yeah, which one?

Okay.

Monster Dick's.

Monster, um, where did Dick, Dick win?

The guardian of the dick.

Go to Dick.

Dick in the, choose one.

Okay.

I'll hear one.

Okay.

I can comment on what you're going to comedy because you comedy got.

Alright.

A picture of this.

Mm-hmm.

Does it escape?

Mm-hmm.

Three sons rise above the steamy horizon.

Yep.

Can't go on my, you don't do that.

It is at this point we realize we're on a different planet.

Why?

Because of those three sons.

Oh, sons like the...

S-O-N-S.

So it's not like my three sons.

S-U-N-S.

Okay, we realize we're on a different planet, great.

Alright.

Hey, shiplans.

Yep, you're doing it.

Alright.

All these aliens come out, attack the ship.

Okay.

We realize that inside the ship was somebody let's say, Gary Omen.

Okay.

Hmm.

What's Gary Omen playing?

He playing, yeah.

Oh, astronaut.

He lasts on Earth.

Astronaut.

Yeah, Earth astronaut.

Astronaut surviving Earthling.

Okay.

Who had escaped from cool Earth's atmosphere and landed on this planet.

Cool.

Okay.

This is an allegorical examination of...

Of what happens of what happens when a man gets to a planet and everybody got dicks on their head.

Wait, so it's an allegory?

That's true.

It's allegorical.

I like how it starts so atmospherically.

Mm-hmm.

Because it will make the comedy more impactful.

Sure.

It will make it more of a surprise.

Yeah.

When a show that starts with the tone that you described takes that turn.

So.

Yeah, I mean.

So I like that.

You might be scared during the watching of the show.

Right.

But when you see the dicks.

Yeah.

You're right.

You're just there.

You're there.

You're there, comedically.

Right.

Are they floppy like the sword dicks would be?

Definitely floppy.

So they take off their hat and you hear shing.

And then just...

Well, that was gonna get to that.

This is gonna sound like a very specific question, but it will help me nail the tone that you're going for it.

What will the soundtrack do when we see all these dicks?

The soundtrack at that moment in time is going to go...

sound.

Okay.

So it's not even a sound.

What is the music before we realize that once the music after?

Shut it up.

Okay, that's before.

She breached the hull of the ship and one of the little aliens gets in and she got...

Oh, I almost fucked it up.

She got a little floppy dick on her head, right?

She does.

But it's a she-do.

Right.

But it's a she.

But you would assume the whole race is male or at least like arms.

Like what are them things?

And the ocean is both males and females.

Sea horses.

All right.

But so she gets in there and her and Gary Oldman's fall in love with each other.

How old is this girl?

The creature.

You said a young...

Yeah.

She's like a five-year-old.

Yeah, like a...

She said a small young alien.

Because I should have said, you got...

Y'all are sharp because the breach is small.

Like the little hole and she's like...

And she gets through there and it says...

And then she...

Oh, she flops her dick out before she goes through the...

Right, right.

Because she's like...

She's like, I need to get it out the way, right?

So she doesn't want it right so far, right?

She doesn't want to...

Yeah, and then protect it as she goes through the breach?

She goes through the breach.

She should be like, if I were going through a small confined space, I would want to protect it a little instead of exposing it.

You know, I'm going to write that then.

She holds on to it as she goes into it.

She sees Gary Omen.

No, no, no.

She fall in love with Gary Omen.

Yeah.

And at that moment, her head dick...

The dick...

Excuse me, it's...

She has more than one dick?

No, no, just the one on the head.

Oh, okay.

She gets excited, right?

So it grows up.

It's erectified, right?

We're getting caught up in the dick.

No, no, it's fine.

No, I mean, this is important.

Just to get to the next part of the story.

Sure, yeah, yeah, we shall.

And then the problem is she decides that she's going to save Gary Omen.

They leave the ship from...

Save him from what?

From the rest of the other aliens that were attacked.

That would be attacking, but that cannot get through the hole because the breach point is too small.

She's the smallest alien on this planet.

That's right.

With the biggest penis.

It certainly could.

Is it irony?

It is ironical.

Okay.

So then what happens is they leave out another exit.

It actually is a legitimate exit out the ship, right?

On the back door?

Yeah.

So when the crewman come out and take his helmet off, he's like, oh no, it's the same atmosphere as Earth, even though there are three sons.

Enter Giavani Rabisi.

Oh, so another human.

Okay, he's great.

Another human?

You didn't know he was there.

Okay.

But he has been living with the alien peoples for quite some time.

Oh, so his very own time.

Very old man is not the last sole survivor of the day.

May I suggest?

Please do.

Giavani Rabisi is in love with the alien that's in love with Gary Omen.

This thing is right in itself.

No, not really.

No, not at all.

This is a lot of hard work.

I mean, this is not a good idea as far as I'm concerned.

Oh, you don't like it.

No, I mean, this is like pulling teeth at this point to make this make any kind of sense.

Go ahead.

I'm going to take your suggestion.

Oh, sure.

Yeah.

We need to get to Robert Downey Jr.

Oh, wait, Robert Downey Jr.

This is a TV show?

It's a television show.

Okay, sure.

I mean, think with all of these stars, you know, it's probably popular.

You put Robert Downey Jr. in anything.

It's popular.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I don't know that he'll do it.

It shouldn't be a dependent.

We're going to invite him to a festival.

Oh, okay.

What's the name of this festival?

We can make it up.

Yeah, we can do whatever we want.

This is going to be all we have to do is hang signs.

Oh, okay.

Make sure there's some kind of event.

Make sure Robert Downey Jr. get the invitation.

We got it worked out.

Yeah.

Okay.

And then, and then a sobriety festival.

Sure.

Yeah.

Celebrating a person's sobriety.

Yeah.

Just to show it to the end of his ego is interest.

And then a DM.

That's right.

And then a DM.

Have you seen?

You grab him.

Yeah, forcefully.

That's ended up hard.

Okay.

Yeah.

You've seen space balls?

I believe so.

Yeah.

You have dark helmet.

I think I pretty much that covers it.

Yes.

It's like that.

Yeah, what manner?

What manner?

Space balls.

It's like space balls.

No, no, I heard you.

It is.

It's like space balls.

You're good, definitely.

The feeling of that had ended or the actual plot.

Do you mean credits going by?

Is that what you mean when you say like space balls?

Because space balls had credits.

And that's how everyone knew it was over.

You've seen it.

I have seen it.

You have an extremely elaborate opening.

Mm-hmm.

Then there's not really much.

Not a shred of information about the middle.

As far as I can say.

You work on a middle a little bit.

Even, you know, basically you have a great cold open.

A great gripping cold open.

Scott and I disagree how great.

I think it's great.

To the pilot.

You still need Act 1, Act 2, Act 3, Act 4, Act 5 of the pilot.

Yeah.

And then you need the rest of the season.

Oh, yeah.

Great stars, though.

Great stars.

Yeah.

I would watch it based on just Robert A. Jr. alone, but put him with Gary Oldman.

That's what he's doing.

I also think Giovanni Rabisi is a very good actor.

But he's probably my third favorite out of those.

To get these people on board, you need to flush it out more .

That's why we still happen to be working with you.

Yeah.

Well, thank you.

He's not making a pun when he says, flush it out more.

He doesn't mean to add more dicks.

No, no, no.

Oh, you're not saying add more dicks.

If anything, I'd maybe scale that back.

100% in my opinion.

Really?

Not even just could want alien like an outcast alien?

And they can.

What Mike?

Can I talk to you?

Yeah.

They already trying to do it, Scott.

I promise.

I heard what you said.

I promise it.

We're not going to do it.

They already trying to do it to us.

You think it's happening right now?

Let's take the dicks out and steal our ideas.

No, no, no, no.

No, no, no.

I just want to take them in a regular old human looking aliens with no dicks on their hands.

Hey, look, if the dicks are super important to you, you should keep them.

And we, BJ and I, could do our own project.

No, I don't want to do any project that has anything to do with what we're talking about.

I just want to help you guys get your dream realized.

So what you're saying is we need a second, third, fourth, and fifth act.

And the sense of where the whole season is going to go for the characters.

So we got to get a whole, oh, that's okay.

You know that.

I don't want to.

But you're done with the cold up.

We got the cold open plot.

That's good.

Please don't gild a lily on me.

Don't overthink that.

You know that we should add anything to the cold.

No, it seemed to me like you can't add stuff to it.

A fourth son.

I ain't trying to help.

No, I ain't trying to be difficult.

Uh-huh.

But I don't think we're going to be moving forward with this project with you guys.

Okay.

All right.

Yeah.

Wait, wait, though.

I'm a little upset at this.

I mean, I thought that you know, BJ's notes were helpful.

I mean, my only note is don't do this.

I don't think they should.

I don't think I'll share our vision.

It's what William Goldman said.

Nobody knows anything.

Hey, I'm saying what I know.

What do I know?

That's right.

Right.

You got to follow your dreams.

It wouldn't surprise me to turn on the TV tomorrow.

And all of a sudden there's...

Tomorrow would surprise me.

I don't really want to.

I don't know.

These guys would have...

I would have seen promos.

But yeah, someday.

Well, guys, we just have one last thing to do here on this show.

And that is a little thing that we like to call would you rather?

Oh, yeah.

I would.

Oh, no, we got to ask the question.

Yeah, I'm going to ask the question first.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And it's not just yes.

Okay.

You have to choose one of the two.

We see.

Yeah.

All right.

It's time to play.

Would you rather we all know how this is played?

I will read a submission sent to us from our Twitter followers.

They send them to at CBB-WIR, Comedy Bang Bang, would you rather?

And I'll read it out loud.

I will then open the floor for questions and you are free to ask me any question you like that will help you narrow down your choice.

Okay.

All right.

At the end of the questions, I'll close the floor.

You will then vote.

I will tally up the points and we will see who is the winner.

And that's pretty simple, I think.

So here we go.

This comes to us from Martin Kilgarif.

Martin Kilgarif, aka at Kilgarif 23, asks, would you rather eat every meal with Guy Fieri or be forced to eat a marshmallow every 15 minutes for the rest of your life?

Would you rather eat every meal with Guy Fieri or be forced to eat a marshmallow every 15 minutes for the rest of your life?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Who's Guy Fieri?

Hmm.

Probably the most humane question that I can think of.

He has, he's the host of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.

For me, the best theme song on TV.

Oh, with that great car, he drives.

Yeah, so fun.

And he's a disgusting pig who goes around, travels the country and he...

This is not a opinion.

This is the show's TiVo description.

Yeah, exactly.

And a disgusting pig travels to Columbus, Ohio.

And he gets food all over his terribly dyed bleached goatee and his horrible bowling shirt.

And then he moves on from town to town, like Bruce Banner or Dr. David Banner.

I did not have the visceral negative reaction to the show that you obviously did.

I saw it once, I thought he was a perfectly fine guy.

Okay, well...

Do you have to be...

Can you just be in the same room with him or do you have to ...

You just in the house or you have to be in the same room with him?

No, you have to be sitting across the table or if you're at home, you have TV trays right next to each other.

Oh, man.

And every meal you have to split 50-50 with him.

So if you get like a roast chicken, you have to cut it in half and then he gets half.

And you get half...

Okay.

If there's a big scoop of mashed potatoes, you have to div vy that up.

So a lot of your time is spent divvying food with God here.

So it's like kind of an intimate affair, like he gonna be right there.

Yeah, no, you get to know him very well.

Now what if you get married?

Best man, for sure.

But enough said.

Does your wife join you and Guy Fury?

Every meal your wife has to join you.

Okay.

But it doesn't...

Don't have to say, I'm sorry, it's time for dinner with God .

She can beat her with you there.

She doesn't get any of the food that you guys have.

She has to get her own food.

There's a separate meal for her.

When if I'm invited to a dinner party, can I simply bring Guy Fury and still go to the party?

You can't, but you can't bring your wife to any dinner parties.

Yeah, he's your plus one.

Yeah, yeah.

No one makes a Guy Fury exception for this.

Oh, they don't.

Okay, they're not aware of this situation.

Oh, they're aware of it.

But they're just not going to...

Yeah, he's the plus one is it.

We got an idiot today.

We got a man's party, so we know you're bringing Guy is what they say.

So basically the question is between this gentleman, that's somewhere between an obnoxious, disgusting pig and a very nice gentleman.

Somewhere in between all that stuff.

Maybe there could be in between.

And carrying a bag of marshmallows around.

No, you don't carry like...

No, you have a servant who carries the marshmallows around.

Well, you got a servant who do it.

Yeah, you're very rich in this situation.

Do they just stick a marshmallow in your mouth every 15 minutes or...

No, no, no.

No, they put it in their mouth and then you lean over and take it out of their mouth.

What is it?

Well, who is this assistant?

It's your butler.

Who is it?

Oh, who actually is it?

Yeah, is it a particular person?

Yeah, it's the guy who played Alfred in the original Batman .

Nice.

Okay.

Alfred, what's his name?

I forget, he passed away.

David's something.

Yeah, he passed away but he comes back to life.

Oh dear.

And age is exactly as he would of age.

Appropriately.

Okay.

Wait a minute.

That's turning the tide for me.

But if I eat every meal of my life with Guy Fiori, do I still get to eat whatever I want?

Whatever you want.

Yeah, no marshmallows.

Yeah, it doesn't have to be marshmallows.

I mean, he gets a lot of say in this.

So you're going to a lot.

You're going to a lot.

I can picture him being a bully about what to eat.

You have to go to a lot of diners, a lot of drive-ins, a lot of dive dives.

Quite a few dives.

Okay.

So yeah, bear that in mind.

Well, you know what?

For me personally, you know, I would...

Please don't vote yet, by the way.

We haven't closed the floor for questions.

It seems to me...

Yeah.

If you have an opinion, that's okay.

You have one opinion of Guy, and he has another so I could, you know, I might gamble.

So go...

Okay.

Does Guy always...

Does he change his clothes?

Does he ever change his clothes?

I mean, is he always in the same bowling shirt?

He always wears the same bowling shirt for your entire lifespan, but he changes his pants in and out of his pants.

But you guys are also the part that I neglected to mention is you're tied together on a rope.

Oh shit.

So if he's changing his pants, then you see exactly what's happening there.

So you almost don't want him to change his pants because he 's doing it in front of you all the time.

Right.

I'm ready to answer.

What if...

Hang on one second, Mike, if you could.

We have more questions out here.

What if...

Sure.

Guy Fieri were to pass away at some point.

Yes.

As he will...

And he will.

We all will, is we all...

We all will.

I don't know if I will because this is my consciousness and maybe I'm the one that transcends sure.

It's all up to him perfectly well.

Thank you.

Sure.

Thank you so much.

If he dies, say 10 years into this, then what?

Then unfortunately, you're not going to be buried alive in his casket.

Right.

You're tied to him with an unbreakable rope.

You're tied to a corpse?

Yes.

You have to drag him around as we can at Bernie's time.

This is starting to make my decision easier.

I'm changing my answer.

I just changed my answer as well.

To Guy Fieri?

Should I tell you?

No, don't please don't vote yet.

Any other questions?

Yes.

Von Davion.

I was just trying to think of a question because I felt inferior because his question was so...

Yeah, you raised your finger like you had one.

Yeah, but I didn't really have one.

Yeah, you just wanted to feel good about yourself.

I did.

And now it's funny, I feel worse.

Yeah, yeah.

You're worse about myself.

It tends to happen when you...

Yeah, I've got a question.

Oh, Mike.

All right.

What do you got?

How long do you live before you die after eating all those marshmallows?

It's a very short life with the marshmallows.

You really...

A person cannot eat that many marshmallows.

So you have about two weeks.

Two weeks.

Two weeks to live.

Two weeks to live once you start.

Oh.

But you're very rich.

You have the butler from the Batman movies.

Is the butler from the Batman movies.

Now he just...

He just gonna put it from his mouth in the mama.

He's not gonna soften it in his mouth for anything and make it.

No, that's the point.

He has to soften it a little bit because you're teeth...

You don't have any teeth and so you can't chew.

Oh, I don't have no teeth.

So when I get...

Okay.

You can't have an al dente marshmallow.

No, no, he needs to soften it up for you.

I don't know what to say.

These both sound like a living hell.

He's a little bit...

The caliber which has only been reached with something like a human centipede.

Yeah.

Or a misery.

That's part of the problem here.

Or any of the hell razor films.

Yeah, no, I...

It's been reached in fiction.

Yeah.

And this is not fictional.

That's the other thing you have to wrap your mind around.

Whatever you vote for, you're going to be transported to.

Yeah.

This is hypothetically true.

Again, you raised...

By the way, Van Davey on, you raised your finger one more time.

And then you turned away from me.

I think this might be something I do voluntarily.

Yeah, maybe.

But I don't know that I do.

You raised your hand and said...

And then you immediately turned away.

Did I also exhale that way?

Yeah, I believe you did.

Boy, this is a concern.

All in all, I'm a little bit curious about the person who asked this question.

Yeah, Martin Kogeraf, you're a real weirdo.

By the way, I don't know if this tips the scales at all, but the Butler from the Batman movies, he calls you Master Bruce.

Master Bruce is how he...

So I don't know if...

No matter what your name is, you are going to be referred to as Master Bruce.

Yeah, so I don't know if that...

Oh, that makes you...

Master Bruce.

Yes, exactly.

So yeah, I don't know if it's an inconsequential detail to realom.

Oh, I think that, really...

I might have just turned to scales for me.

Yeah, okay.

Any other questions here before we vote?

No.

Okay.

All right, we're closing the floor for questions.

All right, here we go.

First, why don't we go to Mike?

How do you like to vote on this?

You see...

Yeah, it's time for you.

Yeah.

I don't think at the end of the day, if I got to go out, I want to be going out being called Bruce because I love Bruce Willis.

Okay, it's an interesting theory.

So even though you live for, you know...

That's the truth.

In the weeks, you live 60 years less than with Guy Fieri.

When we were talking about Guy Fieri, I understood my own mortality for the first time.

Oh, wow.

In that moment, I realized it was two weeks.

Yeah.

It was 40 years.

Yeah.

It was all a blink of an eye.

Yeah.

Time is relative.

Wow.

I never thought about it that way, I guess.

So I would eat the marshmallows for 15 minutes, every 15 minutes until I got it in two weeks.

Okay, great, Mike.

All right, great.

B.J., why don't we go to you?

How are you liking to vote here?

I was looking forward to the memoir story of, you know, my meals with Bruce.

Lifetime.

I mean...

My meals with Guy?

With Guy.

Yeah.

But, you know, the Bruce Wayne thing I think I'm going to go for.

Really?

Because I met a moment in my life, as you know, I just left .

You're out of crossroads?

I'm in a crossroads.

Sure.

And I have a lot of...

Not that crossroads, by the way, that Eric Clapton went to.

No, no, no, no.

That's a very different place.

I have a lot of different crossroads.

As you will understand, a fair amount of anxiety about what I will do next.

Will I do anything...

Will you write the next great masterpiece?

Will I write something?

Will I act in something, anything that will have any impact the way that my first eight years in show business did?

It did.

You know?

In a minor to moderate way.

And I think that if I left my role as the temp on the office for eight years, and then was fed a marshmallow every 15 minutes by the actor who played the butler on the Batman TV series.

Just come back to life.

Come back to life.

Which would be a big news story.

It calls me Master Bruce feeds it to me from his mouth to my mouth, and then I drop dead two weeks later.

I think that would supplant my years as the temp on the office.

You'd be the guy that that happened to you.

There would be a story, there would be sort of off off Broadway musicals about me.

Sure.

For decades after my death, it would just be a baffling show business.

It'd be like DB Cooper.

Yeah.

You know, I mean that.

And I would be the legend that I sometimes daydream that I 'd like to be.

So I would go for that.

Okay.

So it would be like Oliver, the half chimpanzee, half human .

People would watch reruns of the office and they'd say that guy and you're like, yeah, I guess.

You're like, there's a story about that guy.

So you think people will be watching reruns of the office long after everyone knows this story?

Interesting.

No, I mean, someone young, someone young that's watching, you know, really into Dwight or something, when their father or mother will like, you know, exactly.

It's like when you watch the naked gun.

And you see OJ.

Hey, there's an interesting story behind the naked gun.

That guy.

Yeah.

No, yeah.

People like Norberg?

He's okay.

It's like, well, wait, hold on.

Yeah, hold on.

Yeah, boy.

Norberg.

He's exactly what I'm going for.

The story is better.

Yeah.

This is more like Ron Goldman's POV, which is an amazing way to die.

Sure.

Amazing way to die.

Everyone's got to die.

Right.

That's an amazing, amazing thing.

Think of it back then before people knew that OJ was going to kill people with a knife.

He was there and he thought this can't be happening.

OJ Simpson cannot possibly be hacking me to death.

People are going to find out about this.

At least if he's hacking me to death, everyone will know it because he's such a superstar.

This can't be happening.

Can you imagine if Karima Abdul Jambar came at you with a pitchfork?

That's the level that this was.

That's the level.

If that happened to me, I wouldn't even focus on how sad it is to die.

I think this cannot be happening.

That's not happening.

I will be living.

I will be remembering all perpetuity.

Yeah.

Wow.

Well, that's a very well thought out answer.

Thank you so much.

I had some time.

Okay.

So please, let's move to Van Davey on.

How do you like to vote here?

Well, here's my, here's my whole take on the thing.

Sure.

I enjoy a sumptuous meal every now and again.

Even at a diner.

Maybe sometimes.

At a dive.

Maybe a drive in.

Perhaps one time you go to a drive in and have a magical experience.

Drive in theater.

What?

Maybe a drive in.

Maybe it's a drive through.

Maybe I'm getting.

A drive through.

It might be a drive through.

Yeah.

Here's my thing.

But it should not take up a third of the show.

There's not many of those.

Yeah.

How many drive throughs is he actually visiting?

That's like Native Americans going to colleges.

It's like you need to get to a certain percent, but there's not that many applying.

Yeah, exactly.

That's true.

It is true.

That is true.

Thank you for acknowledging that.

I just want you to.

It's just a really well-made point.

It's important to acknowledge you when someone says something that's true.

You know, here's the thing.

Further education of our first people's aside.

Let's put that aside for a moment is what you're saying.

Because I think we have a whole conversation about that.

We could.

Have we not put it aside long enough?

We could have it.

We should have it.

We will have it.

If this is how that conversation gets started.

Great.

So be it.

But at the moment, let's talk about my affinity for wanting to spend perhaps the next 60 years of my life with a fat white dude.

Now here's why part of it's not going to be a problem for me.

You would answer the one question to me about the shirt.

Yes.

Now I got a deviated septum and barely have any sense of smell whatsoever.

Okay.

So I would not spell guy, Fiori's body odor.

Right.

I would not smell the grease fat and high fructose corn syrup that I would be adjusting every day.

Okay.

Here's the thing.

If I'm going to be eating those kinds of foods on the regular.

Yeah.

I'd probably be dating three weeks.

So, you know, let it rip.

Mike already said that time was relatively speaking.

Time was relatively speaking about time was what did you say?

Time is a relative.

Time is a relative to me.

Hello, uncle time.

Yes.

So if that's the case.

Oh, baby, New Year.

Who cares?

Maybe I'm going to make it 20 years.

And you know, I tell you what, it can't, it certainly can't hurt the core muscles to be carrying around a horse.

That's right.

You need to work out after those kind of meals.

If nothing else, if nothing else.

And you know what?

I'm going to defer to him in regard to not only diet, but menu.

Okay.

For me, I'm going to have to go with the former of the two suggestions.

Okay, the Guy Fieri.

I'm going for the Guy Fieri.

Yeah.

I feel like, look, I'm a Gregarious person.

I've noticed that.

Mm-hmm.

I like that about you.

And also, I like to say that I enjoy, I'm extroverted.

Like I be enjoying other people.

I work at work every day with lots of people.

I know Guy Fieri is rooting for this choice.

You know what I mean?

I think he wants to hang out with you.

You know, I can't just say that I don't have a problem with that.

Yeah.

He's a very fast friend.

Yeah, fast friends.

Why not?

By convenience and forstitude.

Might be the first friend that he ever has.

I mean, he lives a solitary life traveling from town to town.

He was saying some very disparaging things about him early in the same answer.

Well, I don't think at any point in time, let's not flinch at the truth.

Sure.

He's a good kid.

He's fat.

Yeah.

He got a lot of product in his hair.

Sure.

I really wish, I mean, I think he should find a person who did the dye job on his goatee and beat them about the face and neck.

Okay.

He's a victim in a way.

And I feel like, you know, hey, those are simply facts.

Sure.

But now that we've stated those facts.

I can get over it.

Let's now put those facts aside.

I know the dude now.

You what now?

I know the dude.

You know Guy Fieri?

No, personally.

He just realized he was too.

Oh, I see.

Oh, okay.

He's a dude that looked like he's in the insane clown posse .

Yeah.

But he's eating all the time.

Yeah.

If the insane clown posse was constantly stuffing their faces with low grade food.

Yeah.

That's him.

Yeah.

Great.

Do you want to change your answer?

Yeah.

He's a cool guy.

Wait, Mike, you think he's a cool guy?

Well, he got, you know, he got what he got going on.

And he's working it.

Mike, did you just totally get wrapped up in the whole time thing?

Oh, yeah.

And that was why you couldn't remember you could record like who he was.

You know, it's a relative.

Yeah, it's a relative.

It's a relative.

All right, well, let me tell you up the points here, guys.

And let's see, Mike and BJ, gosh, you've chosen correctly.

So sorry.

But Van Dave, you're on your winter.

You chose the right answer.

All right.

Thank you very much.

And Dix forever.

Dix forever.

And that's how we play, would you rather, of course, as the would you rather theme song.

And guys, great game.

That was tight up till the very end.

I didn't know how you were going to choose.

It would have been a three way tie.

Oh, it would have been.

Yeah.

Oh, right.

Is that what you were thinking?

Three way tie.

I'm so glad you pulled it out there.

Do we ever get to know what you would rather?

Oh, God.

I've never been able to vote.

Oh, you're not allowed.

You just a model, right?

I'm allowed.

I'm the puppeteer pulling the strings.

And unfortunately, yeah, I never understood it.

Understood.

Yeah.

I think I know what you would pick.

Really?

What is that?

You did seem to reveal some bias.

My description of Guy Fieri may have been instructive in that.

No, I'm not from the official biography of Guy Fieri.

Yeah, it might have tipped the scales.

No pun intended.

All right, guys.

Well, there's just one last thing to do on the show.

That is, of course, plugs.

Yeah.

So hurry up and speak.

Please hurry up and say something.

Please hurry up and say something interesting.

Please hurry.

Wow.

Missed that last please.

That was, thank you so much.

That was W. Brett Maddox with its plug time.

So say something interesting, please.

Thanks so much for that submission, W. Brett.

And if you have a submission for the What's Up Hot Talk Memorial plug section, please send it on over to earwolf.com and post it in the appropriate thread in the Comedy Bang Bang threads.

And you can be famous for a week in W. Brett Maddox.

You are famous for this week and this week only one week from today, your reign of terror ends and we choose a new victor and to the victor go to the spoils, as we all know.

All right, so it's time to open up that old plug bag.

Mr. Novak, what do you have here?

Of course, the Mindy Project.

You can check out the Mindy Project Tuesdays on Fox at 9.30 .

Do you ever appear on camera on it?

No plans right now, but maybe someday.

You're making some plans?

Let's see.

And then you have that Disney movie that you're...

That's right.

I'm filming this movie called Saving Mr. Banks about Walt Disney's battle to make Mary Poppins into a movie.

That sounds an excellent movie.

It sounds fascinating to me and the great filmmakers.

When I heard you were casting that, I was really happy with you.

Well, thank you.

That won't be up for a while though.

Yeah, so look for that though in the future.

Let's turn now to Van Daevion and Mike.

What do you guys have to plug?

For the most part, it's just like our videos.

And also, if you happen to be our favorite show...

You guys have a favorite show on television?

Yeah, we would be critiquing all the time.

Like every week is key and peel on Comedy Central.

Oh, that's a great show.

So you watch that program.

It's stupid.

It's stupid though.

It's if you watch it, it's on every Wednesday night at 10.

30 after South Park.

On Comedy Central, right?

Comedy Central, right.

And then after you watch it, sometimes you might just want to check out Comedy Central.com or the YouTubes and whatnot.

And you can find us, do our critiques of the scenes that could have been funnier on the show.

Oh, yeah, because even a great show like Key and Peel, there's room for improvement.

There's always room for growth.

A little bit funnier.

Good is the enemy of great.

Yeah, that's what they...

What's his name is Sadat Stanislavski.

Sadat.

I don't remember.

Sadat.

And the city is the king and the generality is the enemy of all art.

Yeah.

So we try to make it more specific.

Sometimes Key and Peel be, you know, so...

Maybe a little too general sometimes.

Sometimes, though.

Sometimes.

Well, that's a great show and good luck to that show.

Yeah, man.

One of my favorite shows on television right now, as far as I'm concerned.

Yeah, I think it's a good show.

I think it works and I think they'd be doing good stuff on it.

So, right, Mike?

Yeah, we always be writing them on Twitter.

Yeah.

On Jordan Peel, at Jordan Peel and Keegan Michael Key.

Yeah.

Sometimes I'll be saying, it's some people think it's at Keegan Michael Key, it's at Keegan M key and we just be sending them tweets and then at Jordan Peel and send them tweets all the time.

Yeah.

And hey, if anybody be traveling, like we work in Terminal 5 at LAX.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So just that's the one to get through.

Terminal 5.

So just act really nervous.

Even if you fly in Southwest in Terminal 1, come to Terminal 5 and say, hi, why not?

Ain't no reason you come say hi.

Act super nervous and you'll get the royal treatment.

I don't know why, but I feel like I should once again say 10.30 PM.

It's your uncommon.

I always say nice to Comedy Central.

9.30 Central, probably.

Not 30 Central.

Yeah.

And that 9.30 Central puts the central in Comedy Central.

As far as I'm concerned.

We should hire him.

That is good.

I guess so.

I want to plug, thank you to Steve Barnes, by the way.

He donated $100 to the studio.

Thank you so much, Steve.

Something special is coming out to you.

And what do I want to plug?

I don't have a lot.

Check out this podcast that we're producing called Short wave with Grantley Phillips.

You know, musician Grantley Phillips.

He's a great musician.

And he started a show here where he talks to musicians and they play songs.

We've had Amy Mann the first episode.

We had also Jukebox the ghost last week.

We have Glenn Phillips from Toe the Wet's Brockers on this week.

And next week we have Susanna Hoffs.

We have the band Yacht.

We have so many great musicians.

Why do you say we?

How are you involved?

I'm the producer of it.

I wasn't fair.

So check out that.

I'm really proud of that show.

I think it's a really great show.

I want people to listen to it.

And that is it.

Let's close up the old plug bag and...

And the plug...

Mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle, m ingle, mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle, Ken Marino with the closing up the plug bag theme.

And guys, that's it.

We almost let those plugs escape, but we close up the bag just in time.

Thank God.

Woo, and guys, thank you so much for being here.

Thanks, Scott.

Thank you, man.

Thank you for having us.

And thanks to Wyatt Sinac, watch The Daily Show, four days a week.

I know the title's confusing because it's only on Monday through Thursday.

But yeah, watch The Daily Show.

And guys, thanks so much.

This has been a great show.

It's a great show.

Thank you very much.

My pleasure to have you all on.

Keep doing it.

Being a guy.

Alright, we'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪ In your love ♪ This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio, boom.com.

The Wolf Dead.
