---
layout: page
title: 178. Rob Corddry, Jessica St. Clair [14192⧸21062].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Rob Cordray, the star and creator of Children's Hospital, is on the show today.

I'm super excited. I love that show. He is a very funny guy .

Plus, we have fan favorite. I guess that's safe to call her Marissa Whampler is on the show.

Wamp up the jams, all of that and more. All on today's Wamp up the jams.

♪♪♪ Butts, butts. A thousand times butts.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you so much for that.

Catchphrase, submission, butts, butts, a thousand times butts. That comes to us from Steve Kind of . I know what you are now because last time you had a catchphrase, submission, everyone. I didn't know what your name referred to.

Everyone scolded me. That is a Mr. Show reference. I know it now. Thanks, guys. Not only a Mr.

Show reference, but a Mr. Show commentary, DVD commentary reference. Nerd City.

I know. The thing I recorded once and never listened to again. But thank you, Steve Kind of, for that catchphrase, submission. And welcome to the show.

This is Comedy Bang Bang. And Scott Ockerman here, you're in Trepit host. And we have a great one here for you today because you've already heard her voice. And you know exactly who she is.

It does, it does. Yeah. You know, she is. She's been on the show many times. She surprised us today by appearing at the studio.

And we're incorporating her into the show because why not?

I mean, because it's back to school. Womping it up in the school days. Yeah. You know how hard it was to get I had to leave school. Seth picked me up. And then we hit a lot of traffic coming in from Marina Del Rey. Yeah, I did. I tell you. And what time did you get out of school, by the way?

We get out of 245. 245. Yeah. And then I just said, Seth, fire up, fire up behind a civic hybrid.

We're heading into the city because I got to hop in and then luckily you're here. I mean, where are you ever? I think you live here. Well, we have a regular slot here. Yes. You know, exactly.

No, but you're mostly here. Yeah. Just like jerking it like what's up, guys?

You can't. You guys want to hang or get get it in and out, by the way, for anyone, for anyone listening, by the way, the person you're listening to is a 16 year old girl who I think woman. A woman spelled W O M Y N. Okay. But Marissa Wham pler is who you're listening to. She, I think someone just said jerk it to her and she found it really funny because she's been slipping it into you. You've been slipping it in. Oh, God.

Gross. I this is not the kind of humor that I like to do with a 16 year old girl. This is 4 30 p.m . humor. Yeah. Marissa, you just, let's set the stage a little bit, but a few years ago when we were at the radio station, the radio station, Andy, one of her one called it because it looked more like, like, um, like a crash pad for hobos. It was like, she's covered, like for covering the walls and shit like that.

Just covered fur. Yes. What is going on with your mouth lately? Wait a second. I should pitch a show called crash pad for hobos. Right. Who would buy that? You? I don't know. But yes. So you are intern. You wrote you a letter. You wrote me a letter and said, Hey, I want to intern on your show. Right for credit. Um, you didn't, you spent maybe three minutes doing intern stuff, getting waters and stuff. I got water for myself. Yeah. And then you jumped on Mike. I threw on the cans. Yeah. And I just said, what's up Cleveland? This is, this is womped up. Yeah. That's not the first time I did not come up with my catchphrase. I believe that was like my third episode. Yeah.

Womp up the jam. And then that pretty much lit up the Twitter sphere. Someone just tweeted at me that it womp. They said, Womp it up, but they spelled a W H O M P. That is not the correct spelling.

No, it isn't. It's W O M P, which is based on your name. My name is a wompler. Womp up. It's Womp it up. Womp up the, wait, Womp it up is your catch phrase. Womp it up is my catchphrase. But the website's going to be womped up.com backslash, Womp up the jams. And that's with the Z. And three A's for a no one A ends with a Z. Keep it classy. Well, the way you said it, Womp up the jam.

Trying it out. Yeah, I don't know. I'm trying it out while I fall asleep. I just say that to myself, Womp into the jam. Sometimes I go Womp up the jams. Yeah.

So, so for those of you who are, this is your first show, Marissa has been on the show several times. She has been the worst intern we've ever had. She does not show up ever. And anytime she does, she just waltzes in here, throws on the cans and gets on my, we've come to accept it.

Yeah. And you want it.

I think you're, I think you desire it. I think it's what the show needed. Let's face it. When I came on the show, it was on his last legs. It was more abundant. I've breathed new life into it.

It's like when they got a new mom on Fresh Prince of Bel Air, because they had to fire that one mom. You know, it's suddenly the show takes on a fresher.

You don't know what it is, but something diff, something's different. Yeah. And then your, your viewership went through the roof. I love how, yeah, our viewership, our listenership went through the roof and then you abandoned it for another few months. Right. Exactly. Cause I don't want to, I'm already concerned. I'm oversaturated.

But you're always begging me like, please come on the show.

Oh, God. Don't think that's a good impression. But look, you're our co-host for the show. Yeah . You know your co-host responsibilities.

Yeah. Introduce the, our guests. Yes. And can, should we get to that? Let's get to it.

No more preamble. I do want to hear a little bit about your life, but we should introduce our guests here. Okay. Yeah. Cause I got a lot going on. A lot of drama, drama. I want to hear about it.

Cause the one of the last times we talked to you, the prom and, oh, oh, my 16th birthday party and now Gutter Balls has a new girlfriend. We'll get to it. Whoa. We have to introduce the guests though. We get to it. Yeah. We have to . So, introducing. Okay. You admitted that this is your responsibility. Hold on a second. I need a power bar. I need a, I'm having a little blood sugar moment. First of all, am I, you turning me up or down? Okay. Here we go. I got to just turn myself up. Okay. Bring it to you live from the E well studios. You may know him from such programs as Children's Hospital and other programs.

What other programs? Other programs are, what are the other? Daily show. The Daily show, the Daily show with John Stewart.

He's done all these funny different movies and his name is hot tub time machine. And he's done, and he's very handsome from where I'm sitting. This is a handsome man. Do you have a particular vantage point that I'm right next to him? Yeah. She's been writing her Facebook name on my hand.

The whole time. Thank God. I can't, I finally talk because she's. Yeah. And he's got a real thick thigh. He's got like real like, he's wearing a like a nice meaty thigh. It's like when you go to KFC. Yeah. Just like they have just the giant ones that sit at the bottom of the fryer. That's what I'm looking at right now. It's got a pair of khaki shorts on. Yeah. Yeah. That's for the KFC thighs. Something for the lady. I brought enough. Yeah.

I brought enough for everybody.

Oh, yeah. Dig in. What's his name? Rob Cordray. Okay. Oh, you're a handful. I was glad you're not wearing your clown makeup because I've been seeing those those billboards are all over Marina Del Ray. That's really targeting that. That's our target audience. Marina Del Ray. The condo audience.

Yeah. Condo people with boats. People that like Houston's grill. I love that place.

Greek. You know, they're not just in Houston. A lot of people don't know that. They're everywhere.

They're everywhere. You have to go to the first time I went to Houston to go see because I'd heard so much about it. I went to Houston to eat. That was a destination trip. And then, yeah. And then I didn't know you could just go down to Marina Del Ray. When I first met my wife, she said that her favorite. My wife. Sorry. You can't say that on this show without hearing it. No, but I can't give us the opportunity. Met my bride. Yeah.

She. My bride. Sorry. Oh, God. Sorry.

She she said that her favorite restaurant was Houston's.

You don't say. Just now she for her birthday, we've been together 10 years. She this is probably our 11th 12th birthday together. I I took her out to Houston. It sounds sad. It sounds sad. It sounds sad. And right when I was about to break it to her, I was like, why this could be a terrible idea. She was so happy.

To dig into that spinach dip. You know why? Because you know what you're getting. There's not going to be any surprises thrown at. You're going to get a stuffed mushroom. Maybe get some crab meat. Whatever you want. You're excited about this. Oh , my gosh. I love that place because you just know, and all the servers, you know, they have like a corporate headquarters. They said, this is how you treat people. They have a script. They have a script. Yeah. But sometimes I like to flip the script. Yeah. You like to shake it up a little bit. You like to color outside the line. Yeah. But what's let me ask you this. Did she get the connection of why you took her to Houston?

Immediately. Immediately. Immediately. And did she start like crying. She was very moved.

Oh, yeah. I'm very moved. Yeah. Because you would have thought somebody so successful in television and film would have perhaps bought her a bobble or something of a diamond or, you know, what do you do for a 10th birthday? It's a don't swim money though.

Yeah. I mean, we only do 13. You know, we're an extra app.

As far as chains go, Houston is not cheap. You're right. It's not. You know, it's a, and I know you may as well go to some fancy super go with me. Yeah. Yeah. You took the kids. That's what we did. Oh, hold on. I should have babysat for those kids. That's a, Marissa babysat. A baby.

Yeah. I'm sorry. I have a babysitters club because I've been contributing to, um, I've been contributing to my, um, to my retirement. What?

Hello. Please take it down. Oh, gosh. I just made my own self-deaf for that. Just one minute.

I've been contributing to a retirement plan since I was 12.

I got a loophole. Seth got me a loophole. And so, yes, that's my stepmother. Okay. He's outside right now in the car. I told him to keep the AC on because it's very hot. Yeah. She doesn't like to step into a hot car that she doesn't like that three minute period. No. You have a lot of strong likes and dislikes.

I would love to be featured in Playbox because I'd be like likes. I'd be like loud voices. Like those, those, um, those, those dots, those candy dots that you get on the page. No, the ones that are on the page, candy buttons, candy buttons . Yeah. And, and log walks on the pier. Uh, what, what about the posing nude part of Playboy?

Yeah. I would take these titties out.

Oh, God, Marissa, please. You see what happens is you come into Hollywood. You become more, you become more comfortable with your body then because the last time you're on the show, we were talking about your shape. Well, that's interesting because, you know, back to school, you have a chance. You have an opportunity to present yourself as a new, you know, over the summer as a new person. Do you remember that? Yeah. Well, the sixth word you said was jizz.

Yeah. I know. Yeah. Well, you're like the Andrew Dice Clay of your Mona Del Rey high school now. Yeah. Public high school.

Yeah. And we talked about last time you were on the show that you have a body sort of like a n ectarine on top of a different nectarine.

That's interesting. That's good. That's what it that way.

Someone likened it to I was it the hamburger or grimace. Grimace. I'm like, um, very combination. Definitely. Of both of those. Yeah.

If the hamburger and grimace had a baby, that would be what I am. Yeah. You're like a grimace that's purple, yet striped. Yeah, but straight. Yeah. And I small up top, very small and bony up top.

And then I widen out. Do you like it? You have an alien head kind of just a giant. Yeah. Big eyes. Real big eyes. But I decided to um, Seth actually took me back to school shopping and I said, you know what, Seth, I'm investing in a good bra. I and we went into the intimate section and I picked out a Cocebella bra for $85 and it's given me a new lease on life. Seth is pretty cool, huh? Yeah. He's all right. He's a stepfather. I mean, why is your mother taking you out bra shopping? I don't get him. I don't get along with Denise.

Yeah. And I barely ever make it to the mall without getting kicked out of the car for saying something rude or giving her a smart look or whatever.

Smart look. Yeah. You call your mother Denise. Yeah. I don 't like that at all, Marissa. Do you not call it? What are your kids call you? Poppy. They call me dad or daddy. I'm a hot. They are Mexican to be fair, but they call me dad or daddy. Yeah.

Give me another tortilla, Poppy.

Well, she kicks you out of the car and then leaves you to walk by the side of the room. Yeah, to walk home from the Home Depot, which was like a 25 minute walk. That's not bad for you, though.

Yeah. I mean, you can use. Yeah. Let's be honest. I mean, yeah. Anyway, this bra is really given me a new lease on life. Yeah. The kids at school, your.

Everybody's noticing. Are you going into your junior year? Yeah, junior. Begin. This is my junior year. This is a tough one. Yeah. And so, getting a lot of attention. This is on the counts. Is this where it all turned south for you guys?

How'd you end up here? South, South, turn us north. Look at us. We're in show business.

Look. We're doing great. I mean, like the junior year someone said, do you guys really like do SATs and stuff? And you were like, oh, no, who cares? And we kicked out. Did you both go to college?

Yeah. What is college ish mean? College ish. Like, did you do it online? Phoenix course?

There was no online. I made a gun to five different junior colleges. What are you talking about?

There was no online. Can you believe that? And if there was , you would have done it. I would have done that. Yeah. So that you could have stayed home and smoked on the reefer. Is that what you think that older people do? Have you done that? Have you?

No, of course not. Still calling it reefer? Yeah, they're still called at that. Wow. You have never seen anyone smoking pot. I have.

I caught Seth and Denise doing it. What? Wow. Where were they? They were in the, you know, the home office that used to be my bedroom. You know, I remember that. They kicked you out of where you live. I live essentially in a walking closet.

Yeah. You remember like the Harry Potter bedroom, how he was underneath? That's where I am. That's child abuse. That was a story about child abuse and a fantasy world that he would retreat into. Right . That was meant to give you sympathy for that character. Yeah. You're not a character. No. No.

You're a real person. You're a real ass person. Yeah. I'm a real girl. A grimace baby. By the way, those are two different species.

Are they? I don't know if they could be. Do you think they could have sex? Because any thing can have sex. But well, it's just, can you make a baby? Can you make a, it sounds like you've tried. Wow. You and a two face container could have sex. It 'll be like a donkey and a horse, probably. They can make. They'd have an ass. They would, they will have a baby. Yeah. Have an ass.

Yeah. But grimace is not wearing any pants, I don't think.

No. So if he has, if he has a penis, I do you think he doesn't? He has exposed genitals, but they're in between his legs and hanging down.

They're way, way up there. They're like sort of like purple pastrami hanging down in between his legs. He's also, he never spreads his, yeah, everything.

Okay. All right. He impregnates himself.

Moving. He's um, asexual. Hamburgler is, is, is just a de formed person. Yeah. I think. He probably has a, has a penis the size of a grape, no, he's a handicap. He's a pretty sure he's, he has his head so big.

And he's a criminal and he turned a crime. Yeah. He only steals hamburgers. Well, that was part of his punishment. They handicapped him. Yeah. He came out here from Australia, which is just a nation of convicts. And he went right back to his old tricks. He started, you know, doing some B and E's trying to get those burgers. Yeah. Stealing burgers. Yeah.

I have no idea. It's such a rich back story.

Oh yeah. He's crazy. Oh yeah. He's nuts with those burgers.

Oh yeah. He loves it more than weeping. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wimpy can wait patiently for a burger. Oh yeah. Well, he puts it on an installment plan. He has a, he has a tab. He has a lightweight plan with everyone. Yeah. No.

And we're going to have him. Okay. Moving on.org. Move on.

No. Moving on.org is what I have to read Mark. So Rob. Yeah. Go ahead. If I may start the interviews with you. Poppy. Poppy.

Tell us about Children's Hospital. You, you're in your, as far as I'm concerned, you're in your fourth season. Now I could be wrong about that. Yeah. That's what we're calling it.

Okay. Yeah. It's like a four, four, three and a half, 3.5.

Sure. Because the first season was online. The first season was still aired. Fake. Right. Yeah . I know we're, we're calling the fourth season just so we can. According to your DVD covers, fourth season. Yeah. There you go.

And we're in the middle of it. It airs on Thursday nights.

airs on Thursday nights.

And well, Sunday nights. Still going. Yeah. It repeats on Sunday nights. Mm-hmm. And it'll keep going.

Yeah. It'll keep repeating. Like a good deal repeats on you . Well, you're comparing it to a, like a mama used for. It's a windy show. The smell lingers.

Children's Hospital.

Just smell. That's a pretty good. What's it about? Because I haven't, I haven't gotten to see many, all I've seen. You've not been able to stay up that late.

No, I haven't been able to stay up that late. What's the latest that you've ever stayed up? Oh, well, I have to go into my, my closet. Yeah.

At around 10, 15. Because they put the padlock on. Yeah.

Yeah. They, they shut the door, which is actually very much like a womb environment. It's very, it's like I have some of my best sleep in there.

So it's actually working out for you. It's really working out. Are you a little bit autistic?

Nope. Not at all. Nope. I'm not on. I'm not on the spectrum . As far as I know. Are you sure?

You're, wait, you're off the charts. I'm off the charts. Is that what they said to you?

Yeah. When they made you, they broke the spectrum. Yeah.

They broke the vault. Oh, wow.

Anyway, but what is it about? Because anyway, moving on.

From the, from the ads, I would think that you are a murderous clown. No, no, no, no. I'm a help.

I'm a doctor helpful for all doctors.

So why do you look so evil? Well, he's a, the way that I think of it is that the clown actors talking about their process. Here we go, James. Have you ever heard of Stanislavski?

He teaches you how to drop into a character. What if the what if, um, Oudahagan, sending bounces respect for acting. If, if you're on stage with a cat and the cat is more interesting than you, you have a problem. No, you got to respect your partner. And if your partner's a cat, you have to be as interesting as the cat because you have to be unpredictable.

Like the cat. Yeah. Try to have sex with the cat. Never try it out. But you can have sex with it, but you can't have a baby with it. That's what he said.

That's a callback. I read truth in comedy.

Fuck you. I don't appreciate that kind of language either.

You are getting dirtier and dirtier.

Continue. Oh, I forgot what I was going to say. No, no, you 're going to tell us about what the carer is. What does the show about the first doctors that, uh, that like to have sex with each other? Basically, it's what they work in a children's hospital. It's sort of like that movie, Young Doctors in Love in a lot of ways, right? Yeah, I haven't seen that since it was on, I'm never seen it. A loop on HBO back in the 80s. Back in, it was very crumb. It's safe to speak even pre-crumb. It was pre-crumb. It was around Silver Street, Garrett. It's safe to say you've stolen a lot of those scenes though. I stoned if there is a doctor in the show, I've stolen from it. What about disorder leaves? Yes. Stolen from it. The fat boy. I steal everything from the fat boys. You have to. And I have no beef. They have so much. They have no beef with me. They, but they love beef.

You know the fat boys? Yeah. Yeah. Cool rock ski. What?

That's a real baby. That's a real fat boy.

Who's the one who's resting in peace currently? Oh, what? I 'm dying. Was it the Spanish one?

That sounds really fat. The one fattest one. Yeah. Fattest boy. I think this is, I think you're right.

I think he had the sugar. Yeah. Burnt little too many hamb urgers. He was a hamburger. Two of us. Those guys got into so much trouble. The fat boys.

Were they a rap group? Yeah.

Oh, I'm a risker. I don't know what they are. What were they? They almost created. They made the beatbox. They made the famous probably before it got the music with your mouth. Yeah. Yeah.

Ugh gross. First of all, they were talking about your mouth . I'm going to get out of the closet.

What music it's making. More than being a rap group, they were some fat people. They were huge.

They were known as fat people. That's the first thing that you would say about them.

And all their videos would feature them running down the streets of New York, probably in slow motion. Which is very hard for them. They could only run for probably three seconds.

So they're like, we got to put this in slow. They hated making videos. They hated it.

Oh no. Gotta put on the old. Can't we just eat? Can't we just eat?

Which is how they started. Yeah. Because they were out of breath from the running.

This video is hard. And they're like, let's put that on tape. That's good. And then they're wrapped over it. Cool rocks key. Yep. Fattest boy. So anyway, that 's what children's hospital's about.

That's it. Yeah. The fat boys. Yeah. Good. Yeah. If you like the fat boys, we probably have some of that. Do you guys ever rip off that scene from terms of endearment, which I just saw for the first time? Oh really? Did you cry ? I've never seen it.

What? I've never seen it. What are you talking about? I've never seen it.

The saddest movie in the world. I cried so hard. I cried for like a day and a half. Really?

Yeah. My eyes all swelled up. It looked like I had stuck my hand in a beehive or something and had an allergic reaction. It was ugly. Is it sadder than the secret life of Timothy Green?

Oh no. I will not see that movie. Maybe you're allergic to emotion.

Possibly. It is possible. It is possible. It is possible.

You guys got to see that movie.

No, there's this great scene where Shirley Maclean, she, her daughter's dying, right? They've had a complicated relationship. She busted. She's just like, my daughter needs her meds. You got to see that scene and use it. I'm sick of getting yelled at by women for not seeing that movie.

Come on, Poppy, do me a solid. I will. I'm going to watch it. I'll report back. Any spoilers for this season? I don't know where that came from. You're about halfway through at this point or?

We're about five episodes in I think. Six, seven, eight.

Somewhere? Yeah, somewhere in there.

I don't know. I really don't know. Is it off here? I think we're about halfway through.

Halfway through. There's 14 episodes. So season with a little bit more.

Season finale is when? I don't know. It's 14, 15 weeks after August 19th.

Oh, okay. So let's do some math. I don't want to do the math. Here is nine.

15 times seven is 105 days. I am so bored right now. August 9th plus 105. So that's 114 days after August 1st. So that's an easy way to figure it out. I 'll be dead by then.

You cannot intern for us. I didn't ask. You gave me a resume the second you walked in.

It was scented. Did you get the scent? Yes. I don't know. I can't. That's not jasmine.

It's not jasmine. If you think it smells like jasmine, you 're a mistake.

I got it off the street and chat it out. It smells like bleach. Yeah. It probably is poisonous.

All right. We'll tell you what, guys. We have to take a small break. But when we come back, I want to hear more about your troubles. I want to and Rob, I want to hear about your troubles as well.

Feel free to comment on her troubles. Okay. So this will be right back with more Rob Cordray.

And did we say your name? We said your name. Yeah. Okay.

Okay. Good. More Rob Cordray and more Marissa Wobbler after this comedy back. Wobb it up.

Comedy Bank being weird back here. And we have of course Rob Cordray, the great Rob Cordray from Children's Hospital airing on Thursdays and Sundays on Adult Swim at midnight. Midnight.

Yes. 12 at night, I like to say because people get super confused. Right. Well, 1201. It's hard enough when your station is a cartoon network. That changes over. It's so confusing.

I'm surprised that anybody but my dad watches the show.

Just make Adult Swim its own channel.

I think they're 24 up. Oh, I've been hearing that for 10 years.

We also have Marissa Wobbler on the show. Welcome back.

Fat boys are here. Montel Jordan. I wish the fat boys were here. That'd be awesome.

I don't know if we could fit in this room with them. I don 't know.

I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But what if it was dead?

Come on. What if his children are listening to the inspiration?

Oh, God. And you know, I wanted to of course talk to you Marissa.

First of all, where's Miss Lisler lately? Well, listen, I actually, Miss Lisler, by the way, Rob, is your teacher? Yes. It's my , I was in a special enrichment class.

That's what they called it. It was in the basement and there were only four of us, Rodney, a man who only wore, he wore several trench coats on top of one another. Yeah. And nothing underneath. But at the same time, since there were five trench coats, it's kind of like you couldn't prosecute him. Exactly. This, this gentleman, Eric Gutterman, Gutter balls, who was hot for me.

But we'll get to that later. And, and myself, and it was a non- Oh, and Miss Lisler was the fourth.

And it was a non-traditional class. Miss Lisler, unfortunately, was incarcerated for much of the spring semester. Yeah. She's out now. She's back. She's out . Oh, no. I'm the one who called the cop son or two. Yeah. Over the summer, she worked at that 7 -Eleven. Do you remember she used to fill up a cooler full of full of slushies and then freeze it?

Anyway, she got a job there and I would visit her. I felt bad, but then she got her job back.

They, wait, she was incarcerated and they gave her a job back? They did. In Marina Del Rey, we don't live in different rules. We're by the beach. But I actually extended the invite to her today if she wanted to come on, but she had something to do. Oh, good. Because being as I'm the one who, you know, dropped a dime on her, I'm not anxious to see her. Here's the thing though. She said she's going to show up the next time she doesn't like, you don't know when she's going to show up. No. You, you know what I saw? I saw like an investigative thing about how you got to check under your car when you go to a parking lap because sometimes they'll just cut your Achilles heel.

She said that she might pull something like that on you. Boy, if I made it up for a bomb under the car, you're saying, Lizzler's going to be under there with a switchblade? Yeah, and cut your tendons.

I'd rather get bombed. Yeah. Yeah. So, anyway, just be careful. I'm just saying, like the more you know, you know what I mean? Yeah, I think it's fun to find out. If you see something, say something.

Okay. So, so one of the last times you're here, you're here, you're here during the summer, I believe . Yeah, just before my birthday, which you so awkwardly tried to get invited to. Thank God you did not show up. I do not do that at all.

By the way, we have, there was a review of the show. Yeah.

I don't read my reviews. I'm an artist.

There's a review online of the show on iTunes, I believe, where someone said, I heard the show was good. I turned it on. What? And it just had the host Scott Ockerman, who was 42, which by the way, she called out how old I am, which I think is rude, who is 42, making sexual advances to his 16 year old intern. Exactly. Thank God someone's seeing the kind of abuse that I'm suffering. No, I am not doing that. You're the one time is it. What are you going to be wearing? Check the tape. I did not see any of that. Let's go into the video tape. You were getting the total wood for me about that. And I was like, so anyway , if you're listening to this show for the first time, I am on my best behavior. You are Scott, I will take the stand in your thank you. Oh, great. You're going to wear your evil clown makeup to the stand. That will help.

Yeah. I don't know. The point is, I had the birthday party.

I sent out. This is your sweet 16.

Sweet 16. Got it all. Got it all. Got it all. So it's coming. Yeah, I had it on my community, my condo pool. I said, you reserved it well in advance. I remember. I put out 220 invites.

I only 13 people showed. But it was the great group. Great mix. Listler was spinning tune.

She hopped up. She was she hopped up on the DJ booth. She was with summer, summer, summer time.

You know, it was really that song on repeat for almost an hour and a half. Oh, that's spinning.

That's spinning tune. She alternated that and Tiny Dancer.

Oh, it just went on and on.

At any rate, I rebuffed gutter balls for the for the last time because you were, I remember you were going to when you went to the prom with him, you were going to let him have it all. Yeah, I was. You were going to let him have the whole tamale poppy. I really was.

And then I just said, you know what, this doesn't feel right. And he put on Van Morrison's, it's a marvelous night for a moon dance. And I just got to get out of here. And I felt, I felt through his khakis, what felt like a very long and very thin mechanical pencil, which was.

That's right. The man can't go pencil. Anyway, anyway, I get to school, right?

This is after the party? After the party. You rebuffed him at the party?

Again, of course you wanted something.

Mechanical pencil in swimming trunks. Yeah, in swimming tr unks, by the way, worse.

Okay, even longer, even skinnier. Well, no, he chose to wear a European cut shirt. Oh, no.

And what I also saw was just a piece of what I think it looked like a dried up piece of gum.

Okay. So it's almost like he has a very thin, whatever it is, and then, and then very, like, an, the balls of an old man. Do you know what I mean?

No, the balls of an old man would be hanging down.

Oh, okay. Yeah, they'd get bigger.

But I mean, they, it looked very wrinkled. Maybe that's just from the water. I don't know.

Point is, I don't want to see it, okay? Yeah.

So I get to school. You don't want to see on it, let alone touch it. Let alone put it in your.

Where? I don't know. You can touch it. You can give somebody cancer if you touch it.

What? Oh, God. You can. No, no, no longer do you understand for you.

Feel what I mean? What? No, no, no. You can touch.

This is all based on her previous appearance. You can touch the penis, but you cannot touch the balls. Those are very sensitive.

No, no, you cannot do it all. You can touch it. You can do whatever you want to.

What do you definitely touch that? You can work on like a punching bag.

Oh, my God. Okay. Like Apollo Creed. Okay. Like a book. A dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick.

Anyway, we get, I get to school, right? And he has a girlfriend now.

Whoa. Yeah. What month was your birthday again? August.

August, August, August, August, 9th, school started in September and he's dating this girl who insists, her name is Danielle, but we have to call her Danielle. Danielle Bartiromo.

Danielle Bartiromo. She's got huge mammogrammers. I mean, these things will go all night.

You know what? When you get those, when you're dating a girl, you really want her boobs to go all night. Your deaths up throw. Yeah. Going all night, mammogrammers. Yeah.

She's Italian. So, you know, it's not going to last for her . I hope he enjoys it now, honestly, because when she's older, it's just going to turn into big fat fatness.

Her. Because her mom has, it looks like her cleavage looks like like Charlie Brown's smile turned sideways. It's just real squiggly and long.

And that's what she's headed for. So, you know what? Good luck to them. Honestly, good luck. I hope they are very happy together.

Well, you sound really jealous. What are you talking about?

You just sound like you maybe still have feelings for gutter balls. I mean, you bought a new bra. I'm sorry. I that's okay. We need to know what you say. Pretty resilient . She seemed pretty resilient.

Okay. She's this, you know what? I'm on my period. Oh, okay . We've never had you when you're on your period. I'm on my period. Because I've never seen this kind of human reaction.

I've never been this vulnerable. What does your mom look like? She's stunning. But who knows what's real and what's fake? Oh, right. I love pigs done.

And I have begged her to let me get my entire bottom half restructured and she will not allow it.

Oh, man. I'd love to meet Denise.

Oh, me too. I know that Seth is. I'm going to definitely meet Seth on the way down. Oh, God.

I'm going to introduce myself to Seth. You can't. I've never had a Seth up here.

I was thinking about doing that today. But you know, I don 't want him to get too big for his britches. Oh, like you like me and your big britches? Give me a break. Your big double pair of britches.

Double XL sets doesn't have the kind of star power. But look at me talking about myself, Rob.

What do you think I should do about all about her? I mean, I feel I don't know where that show of emotion came. I don't know if it's just jealousy or if I may really have feelings for him. What he might be doing is he might be responding to your to your rejection of what trying to make me jealous with Danielle. You know what he also might be doing?

Motorboating Danielle right now. Oh, well, definitely doing that. That even if he's making you jealous, I still got a motorboat all night. Here's my question. It seems to me that men can just motorboat someone they don't even have feelings for.

And that's not possible for most women. Well, I don't know, Rob. What do you think? You're right and wrong. I think well, most women, I don't know. I think probably 60 40. Yeah, meaning what?

Six women can be motorboated not feel for the guy. Yeah, I think all women probably most women go through a phase of like just free motorboat. I don't think so. Motorboating a lot of different guys. Even if they say this guy isn't right for me, they still feel something for them.

I think a lot of women in college kind of come into their own and start motorboating a lot of different people. I think this is the videos you're seeing online. You're real college experience. Have you seen that show on MTV where the girls they just start motorboating in high school? Yeah, I get in trouble. They get in trouble.

What show is this? 16. I'm 16 and I motorboat it. Yeah. I would see this show. Yeah, it was.

It was a long time. It sounds like a real show, but the point is, you know, it's fine that you guys could go motorboating around town, but I'm not going to just give it up to anybody. You know what I mean? So too bad. You have feelings for gutter balls. I didn't say that. I am feeling something.

I don't know if it's you. Maybe you got you got really emotionally attached to him as a friend, and then the sex stuff is too, you know, maybe you're not ready for sex. You're too young to motorboat. I guess the only thing that I really take solace in is the movie Friends with Benefits.

If I had a dime for every time I've heard that. I like what happens in Vegas. Yeah, yeah, oh god.

It's such a moral. I haven't seen that one. I haven't seen that one. That's a better couch.

Yeah, that's a good that's a better couch. Yeah, what is that?

Ashton Coocher. My dear. I thought you were being fresh again. No, how dare you? How dare you swamp it up silent age. I think there's no age. That's why it's silent because there isn't.

All right, tell you why. Why don't we take another break when we come back. We'll talk more about Daniel Barte, Roammo. Danielle. Danielle Barte, Roammo. We 'll talk more about Children's Hospital.

We'll be right back. Comedy back. Comedy Bang Bang. Oh, I wish we had that on tape.

Oh, that was a challenge. That was a good one. I weren't listening. Yeah, oh well.

Rob Cordray, obviously. Children's Hospital. Give us one n ugget of what's going to happen.

No, use another word. Okay, give us one right again.

Spoiler.

No, use another word then. Use one piece of information.

One of this splash a little.

Give us one turd of information. Yeah. Crap us out a turd from season before.

Let me see. Squeeze it out of your one of the main characters. One of the main characters dies.

The last episode, second to last episode. Now, it's not just dies. Now, we've killed off characters and brought them back. It's a good search show. So we can get away with that kind of thing. So we did it in a way that we killed the character. We killed the fake actor that plays the character. We exploded the person's head. Oh , my God. No way even. And we can't if we can't bring it back by going like when Lake Bell came back the third season, she said, somebody said, like, we saw you die in this room.

And she said, I know long story short, I'm not dead. Right. And then we just went on with it. You really pay yourself into a corner.

Really if we're going to bring this character back, we've really got to do it. Oh, no.

If that's interesting. Well, hey, where there fights on the set. No, no, no. It was a real tough.

It was a real tough decision to send the name of absolutely nothing. But hey, let's do this stupid thing. That's nice. That's nice to ruin somebody's career over a nice artistic challenge.

Did you have to sit the actor down like they had to sit, you know, Philip Baker hauled down on Modern Family when he played the neighbor who the kid got no. Nope. Okay. Nope. Just did happen.

Not a surprise. Not a surprise. But no, it was not a big like talk.

You just, you know, he just got the script. He or she, he or she, not necessarily a he or she got the script and then and then just realized, oh my god, my head explodes in this.

Maybe it's maybe it's wrong. Maybe that's why it's like, if it were me, I would know from the beginning. Yeah. So I would, I would, it would be impossible to sit myself down. So that is so it's very well done. It does. It does. That very well might be. Can you give us a clue as to who it is?

It is a very, very attractive person. It's Rob. It's Rob.

He's the only person he finds attractive. That's the only person you think. Yes. I'm more attractive than. Hey, do you know something that I heard? Go ahead. Somebody on that show, Love Line, it's not on anymore.

But someone sent me a clip of somebody called in and said that they found their boyfriend jerking off to a picture of themselves in a bathing suit on a beach. How did you feel when you heard that? Well, it was interesting because those guys seemed to be able to roll with anything, but they were just like, drop the phone, break up with that person right away. It was like, it got deadly serious. So they're advocating that that person, whoever it is, should not be loved.

Should not exist anymore. That was like a good advice. Dr.

Drew said murder that. Like a born identity type of thing, like take the shot, like the calls coming from inside the house. Get out.

It was really dramatic. I've done that show a couple times and you lose all humanity when you do it because your job is the basically the color. You're supposed to get in there. Dr. Drew gives real information and whatever DJ is there. Ricky Rachton or yeah. Well, we'll, you know, joke around and, but your job, you realize after like two calls is just to be the meanest, motherfucker. That's terrible. I just people feel real problems. But why are you calling that show? Like I'm not going to call up about gutter balls.

That's what you hang out. I'm asking you guys about that. Great. I'm so similar situation. I'm on the air. This is horrible. I need to get into therapy big time. Listen, I've been in love lines twice. I am. I have great advice. Yeah, go. I mean, come on. Rob can give advice. Rob, you were a young boy, much like gutter balls. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You know, at one point, I would imagine you were younger. Sure. And I had my heart broken. You said who was the first person that broke your heart by a, you don't have to say her full name. I don't want her to Karen Karen Karen. And what did you did? You did her. Oh, yeah.

And for how long? Very much for probably about a year, year and a half. How old were you? Oh, this is a junior senior year. So this is where we went to the prom together. Right in the area.

Yeah. You guys went to the prom to ask Rob to buy. She destroyed. Why did she leave you for somebody else? At the day after the prom. What? Yeah. Had you done it at the prom? Did you do it? I would really drunk at the prom. Oh, we had you done it to her already. We had done it. Yeah. But it wasn't a good it was a real high five Marissa. Yeah, we got ready.

Good. Good. I was like, the guys had five times. We did both hands. Yeah. It was more of a high 10.

Yeah. So why did she leave you?

It wasn't she didn't leave me. She cheated on me. And then and then I was a sucker and I stayed with her for a little bit longer thinking I could piece it together. No, you can't not a daddy. Yeah. I learned a lot. I learned a lot. Why do kids want to piece it together?

No. I know. Oh, if you're like 13 or 14, just go fuck each other. Moving on. You know, just make the rounds. Yeah. Oh, of course. I couldn't do it . I was I was dating someone.

I was I was dating someone. That's true. That's true. You 're you only got age one. I was dating someone from seventh grade on basically. Yeah. I mean, four girlfriends in high school and they were all throughout. You were. I mean, you are bald. I was like, you had a full lustrous head of hair at that. Oh, gorgeous. Was it like, was it like you grants? Was it like you grants like a flop like a flop? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, I had a Lee Horse lead type of who's that? I don't know.

From from the eighties with a mustache. It played a private eye on like a feathered. Was it like a feather? Yeah, feathers. Yeah. It was feathered. It was shank. It was wavy. It was wavy. So it was really hard to take to maintain to maintain and I never.

You got to get some layers cut into that.

Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't until college that I figured out how to how to work it. And then you lost it.

And then I lost it. I lost it right when I figured out, Hey , I get this bloom. Hey, what's this all see scrunched spray? I'm pretty cool. I'm pretty cool with. I've never had. I knew I was going to go bald from like seventh grade. You did? Oh, yeah. My dad's ball. My mom's thinning like my grandparents are all my I used to comb my hair in the mirror. My dad would walk past the bathroom and go enjoy it. Don't get used to it. He's seventh grade. Sorry. But you're a very attractive bald man. I will. Not everybody has a great shape. Thank you. I have my my I find with the shape of my head. But I but you know what I've never been I've never been, you know, insecure about it. But I sometimes have dreams that I have hair. Oh, like a phantom limb. I still feel it.

Like my leg. I got a beaten by a shark. Oh my gosh. That's the saddest thing. That's I would start crying again. And it's not just because of my period.

You know, Rob, you could pull an L.L. Cool Jason Alexander and you know, put a tube on that.

Oh, you know, I mean, all of a sudden in the middle of your career. Yeah, right. That'd be a move . That's a move. I missed propisha and all that stuff by like a month. That's good.

Because I would have made, I don't know. I don't trust that stuff. Yeah, it does stuff to your ding. You know what? You just made such strong and meaningful eye contact with me when you said it was up to your ding. I did. And then you just lingered on me. You're like, would you like to do something to my ding? I might have burned a hole in your tongue. Listen, I'm not going to Houston's with you. You know what I mean?

I'm not getting a bunch of stuff. But I'm a kado did a avocado spinach. Oh, I'm hungry.

Spanish egg roll. All right, I'll do it. I kind of want to go. You since we're talking about it.

You're not invited. Oh, come on. I don't mean with you when you're there. I'm talking me and Rob.

Yeah, bros going to Houston. So many.

Brostins. Brostins, the lady Doth protest too much. You know what I mean? Chata.

I don't know. You've seen fully that. Thank you for calling me my nickname.

But no, so you are experienced. You know the ways of a young man's heart. Yes. And your wife is very beautiful. Wow. Sandy. Things have worked out for you.

Great head of hair. Oh, beautiful.

So your children have a 50-50 chance. Oh, no, they're doing their blonde though. Like, I have brown hair. My wife is red. It actually comes from the mom's father. Oh, that's interesting.

Mom's father because my father was blonde when he was a little kid. But that's no, no, I don't mean the color of there. I mean the weather.

Whether they will go bald.

No, no, no, I don't think that's true anymore. It's not true. What do you think it is? It's genetic, but it also it's probably in excess of testosterone. Oh, interesting.

Bragg again. We're a couple of ladies. You got a lot of testosterone. I got so much juices.

Some of them. Some of them in those chemicals flowing through my body that just need to get out. And so they got to get out through the pores in my head. Yeah. Do you smell that musk?

No, I'm still smelling the jasmine from my resume that I've got to. That's not jasmine.

What have you guys mixed your musk with your jasmine? Why don't you stop being so nasty?

See, and listeners are getting the wrong idea. I'm just nearly...

She took a turn though. You just tried to get your jalies.

She went from jizz to...

She's got... She's folding her arms. Yeah, to ding now. I know that was you.

I'm on an emotional roller coaster right now. It was the word dink that set her up.

No, it was you locking eyes with me. Yeah. But if you could refrain from so much eye contact Rob, you were a young boy. You know exactly how they work. Feel free to ask Rob anything here and get some advice. Well, okay. Here's the thing. I feel like I could really use an older man.

Okay. And I just don't know where to please look away. Hey, by the way, I'm not talking about either of you old dudes. So don't get any ideas. I'm not interested. No. But I just, you know, I haven't met anybody that feels like a kindred spirit. You know, we get it. No, but see, he's happily married.

I just wanted to say I'm married. No, that's not very nice because your wife is a very beautiful woman. Maybe so. I don't know. All right. Anyway, listen, this is a it's it's it's I know you can't know because how do you know James L.

Brooks asked us that? How do you know?

Is that in that movie? A couple people played softball?

Yeah, I think that's what it was.

I didn't understand that. Listen, there every every man is a child until he hits about 35.

That's a really long time to wait. 30 35. I should just go less.

Yes. Yes. Something to think about. I got asked Danielle what she's doing on Saturday. There you go.

That's the ultimate get back. Get her ball. Yeah. Don't yeah. Don't like get a boyfriend and make him jealous. Take his girlfriend. The level of excitement in this room is really. It is palpable.

It's so excited right now. My man, can't go pencil.

Or is through the life. I'm loaded. Lock loaded. No, I mean , I, you know, I guess I just I want to feel love. I want to feel true love and I don't know where that's going to come from. I really don't.

Can I make a suggestion Rob? Yes. This isn't going to be real. No, it is. It is. You know what?

You want to feel true love and you know what I've noticed is you have you're at odds with Denise.

Yeah, because you don't feel love from her. That's true. I would suggest maybe trying to mend that relationship and that's the way that you can feel true love . What a drag. Yeah.

Still before you fix that, how can you really love anyone or be loved? You know what I think I'll do instead. I appreciate your advice. I think I'll just have a lot of dysfunctional relationships get a divorce and then figure it out. Get a few tattoos. Because you know what?

In your second marriage, that's when you really hate it.

Hey, try heroin. Yeah, it's not a bad idea.

Yeah. Yeah. Start with the pills in your mother's medicine cabinet. Yeah. All right.

Yeah. But I saw it. I saw it. Bye guys. Next thing you see me, I'm like, there's bugs on my skin.

What's these bugs? Yeah. That's where I love under your skin. They're not on your skin.

I love about Marissa so she can see you can flash forward to that. Yeah, I can. I can't.

You have such a perspective. Oh, I really do. I've always thought that you are like an old soul.

That's true. Trapped in the brain of like a two year old's autistic child. You have a clear picture of what is possible. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. Womp it up. Womp it up. All right, guys. Well, it's time to play our favorite feature on the show. It's time to play a little something called Would You Rather? What happened on Game of Thrones of Seasons? Does anybody know? I don't have HBO. A bunch of too many characters in my opinion. A lot of people died. They all had sex and then they all died. Oh, okay. Yeah. And they sent a raven to talk about it. A lot of ravens.

A lot of ravens. A lot of ravens. I feel bad for those ravens. It's not a good job. That's so raven though. Yes. Yeah. How do you think about it? All right, it's time to play Would You Rather and we all know how this is played. People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBB-W-I-R. Comedy Bang Bang, Would You Rather?

Don't send them to me because they get thrown in the old trash file if you do.

But send them to that and I will read it out loud. I will then open the floor for questions. You 're allowed to ask me any questions about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice. I know all the information about both of the scenarios. And then at a certain amount of time I will close the floor. You will then vote. I will tally up the points and we will assign a winner and that's very simple to understand. All right. This comes to us from Buddy Toth.

Buddy Toth on Twitter asks, Would You Rather instead of pooping your hair grows super fast? Oh Rob, this is designed for you.

Yeah, this is a good one for me. I feel like I targeted this. I feel like I was targeted. Yeah.

Or your crotch is Jerry Garcia's face. Okay, instead of po oping your hair grows super fast or your crotch is Jerry Garcia's face. I'm opening the floor for questions. Okay. Yes, Marissa.

Sorry. Flour recognizes Marissa. You're not allowed. You can't poop? Yeah, you do not poop.

It's just when you need it's growing out through your hair.

Yes, exactly. You expel waste through your hair. Basically you get like dreadlocks. Oh, it's not poop hair. It's poop hair. You know how dreadlocks are made by putting poop in your hair and then not watching it. I wasn't familiar with that.

Oh, you don't really get a hair. You get poop. You get dreadlocks. You get poop locks. You get white guy or white girl dreadlocks. That doesn't sound good . Now what blocks can I answer your question? Well, I mean, that is how we play. Okay, great.

Thanks. What era? Thank you for being so polite about it. You're welcome. You're so polite. What era ? You could learn some lessons from him.

What era Jerry Garcia face are we talking about? Is it young or is it old, almost dead? This is the touch of gray, Jerry Garcia. This is the day before he's going to die, Jerry Garcia. Did he have a beard?

So strung out. Oh, did he have a beard? He did not have a beard ever. So that's essentially like having a vagina with teeth. Yeah, with like very uncapped.

Really terrible sunglasses. Oh, god, the sunglasses too. Okay, can you adorn Jerry Garcia face any way you want or do you have to stick with what he would do like an earring and yeah, it has to be in the world. Okay. Okay, that's fair.

Yeah, he gets to argue if you ever try to dress him up in a world. Oh, he talks. Oh, yeah, he talks.

Does he eat? Do you have to feed him? Oh, yeah. He only eats Jerry Garcia. Oh, you got to eat Jerry Garcia ice cream. That's all you're just constantly shoving Jerry Garcia ice cream. Am I going to get fat or is he going to get fat from that? You get fat from it. Oh, this. But only around your crotch, which is Jesus. He's gonna get a really fat crotch. Yeah, the fat is crotch. Fat crutch poop head or fatty crotch. That's your choices. Are you allowed to cut your poop blocks?

Well, that's a good no, you have to put them in a braid. Oh , so they just keep growing like crystal gale. Yeah, you're sort of like those guys who wear dreadlocks and suits. Yeah, put it back in a bread. What does the poop now? This is I have a follow up. Sure. After this question, does the poop smell? Uh, yeah, I mean, it smells only twice as bad as poop. Oh, that's a what what kind of poop does it smell like? Are we talking about like just a healthy juice fast?

No, it smells like that milky baby poop. Oh, God. Oh, God.

The only way to truly decide is like, how which would make me kill myself quicker, quicker, which would send you into the sweet release of death sooner killing myself. Yeah, that's Jerry Garcia.

I don't know much about his personality, but oh, but you know a lot about his music and being a 16 year old girl. Yeah, no, I don't know about his music. He I just know that he's a Ben and Jerry's flavor. Kudos to him. Yeah. But we're kind of guy was he he was a heroin addict. Now the heroin addict. Oh, really? He wasn't like a fun guy to hang around with. He loved to you jam. He loved to J like to noodle on the guitar. Yeah.

Okay. If you don't like eye contact, you're not gonna like Jerry because the thing about Jerry's if you're watching a show, yeah, Jerry, if he looks at you during the show, he bestows upon you, I guess bragging rights because that's what everybody said.

Joe was that I saw them at Palo Alto man and Jerry looked right at me. Really? And he was a seldom looked at his your crotch do the same thing. Yeah, it doesn't look searching for eye contact constantly. But not your own.

No, you can't see down there. Yeah. Of course. But you know what you think you're a man to it.

You can wear a colored crayon. No, you're not allowed to wear pants in this. This is because people love Jerry Garcia. They're gonna stop me from. All right. Here's my question.

You're gonna fucking stop me from wearing pants with my Jerry. Yeah, the government makes it illegal for you to wear pants because people love Jerry Garcia.

They're sad. He's gone. Also, he could exphyseate if you put it exactly that would be murder.

Obama's not gonna let me cover up my Jerry Garcia crotch president Obamacare. Let's talk about him for a little while. This country is in trouble. Mitt Romney will he'll he'll make more pants. That 's what I'm saying. So, yes. Yeah, more jobs. Yeah. In this scenario Mitt Romney, thankfully, is elected and he allows you to wear pants. That is the only scenario. So you can wear pants. Yeah. Which I would put for the property if I had a Jerry Garcia. Come on, right? You can't mean that. Really? Hey, man, listen, I'm a I'm a you know, one of those liberal ladies. Very, very political. I'm very political. Oh, God. Well, I guess we should we should talk about that on we should talk about that on another podcast. But seriously, the country in trouble. Let's you know, in a month when we all vote, you know, I mean, let's try to make some real change to our crotches. You know what I'm saying?

Okay. Anyway, back on track. Yeah.

Keep up alive. Okay. Keep up alive. Rock the vote. Womp it up. Keep up alive. Rock the vote.

Womp it up. Yeah. Exactly. In that order. Yeah. Oh, God.

This is very hard. Now, uh, boy, you were getting emotional. You started crying again.

Oh, God. Is it because of the Jerry Garcia crotch reminds you of your period? Yeah. Which is breath like, yeah. Well, it's, you know, I mean, it's it's you're in breath and blood breath in Mar issa's case. Oh, like, okay. You know what I shared? So pizza myself. I got very vulnerable on this podcast. And you guys are just making fun.

Listen, Jerry Garcia, is he a bud? Like, let's say you're going to like have sex for the first time and you're nervous. Is he going to be a wingman? Is he going to be a wingman? Yes.

Going to talk you down afterwards. Definitely, right?

Definitely. Yeah. No. Can you can you get him high? Yeah. Definitely. He loves to get high. All right . So yeah. Constantly shoving Cherry Garcia in marijuana. Yeah. Keep him. Keep him. Keep him. Keep him. Keep him. Keep him.

Say it. Keep his beard catch on fire. I guess so. Yeah.

While you were letting him smoke the gajah every morning, you spray it with some sort of anti inflammatory. Oh, all right. Am I going to get high? Yeah. Am I going to get high when he gets high?

Because I can't, I have a trouble with bot these days. Yeah. You get very high in paranoid shit.

Oh, so you're constantly high when you constantly high fat paranoid. But it's still better than having shit. It really is though.

Is this shit? So this shit's your own shit. So maybe it doesn't bother you as much as it's talking about you, but it bothers everyone else. It bothers everyone else.

And people love Jerry Garcia. So people are still like, they they want to spend time with your crotch and that's your pushing it. Yeah. You're pushing that option. I ask you a question.

Here's my next question. Do you have Jerry Garcia for a crotch? I kind of do and. What do you mean by kind of you have Phil Lesch in this scenario? We're best friends, whatever you choose. No, if you choose the Jerry Garcia, you and I are best friends and I have one and they like to hang out with each other. Do they kiss? They kiss all the rubs. We're constantly scissoring. Oh, God. This is made up my mind for me. I mean, my mind's made up. I'm ready. You guys are ready? All right.

Closing the floor for questions. You're ready, Marissa. So please never gonna scissor with you. No matter what my cry. I'm not asking you to. Yes, you are. This is all an elaborate route. I'm just saying you listen. I'm coming here innocent. It turns into this. No, if you were listening for the first time, I'm not saying this to a 16 year old girl. I don't want to say. I'd rather shit myself the like into a into a rastafarian. That's what I'd rather do.

Just a milky baby shit here, rastafarian. That's how much I 'm not gonna find Marissa. I get it. I get it. Point taken. Thank you. All right, Rob. I'm hanging out with you. Yeah. Hands off.

Jerry Garcia out. Yes. And we're walking down that we're gonna be fascinating to people.

Oh, people love us. That's what I'm saying. We will miss the sweet release of making love.

But we will have a new a new pleasure to discover. Yes. We will create a new bro.

crotch face and we're gonna hang out at Houston's. Yeah.

Brosten's. Oh, he's a vegetarian, by the way.

I'm almost sure. You're not. No. No, I can eat my hamburger . Whatever you want. He can get the he just gets Jerry Garcia. That's the problem. That's right . Yeah. That's true. You have to bring that in your purse. Yeah. Well insulated bag. Yeah. Those bastion robins. Yeah. Freezer bag.

Freezer bags. I got a lot of those. Yeah. Don't worry about Rob. Don't worry about tons of those.

Yeah. You know about his collection. Oh, God. So much bragging on this show. I got them down in my car. Yeah. Come on. I'm not going in your car. You know what? You're both sick. You can come.

I'm bringing up. It's not really a car, by the way. It's more of like an unmarked van. Yeah. It's a white van with no windows have tin foil taped up. Okay.

That is how bad it sounds. Pretty cool, right? Pretty cool. It sounds like a party van. All right.

I'm closing the floor for question.

Oh, no. I close it already and you voted. Yeah. And you voted. Oh, okay. You're thinking with your Jerry Garcia. Yeah, you really are. Look, all I have to say is it's obvious who won here.

Chunky monkey. Is that your favorite flavor? It's obvious who won here. Rob, we're bros. We're doing this man. You voted that way. It's a compact. Fine.

We have a legal binding contract to the rose. Marissa, you lost again. Sorry, Marissa. I hope you're sizzing yourself to death.

To be a little bit suffocate. Oh, God. If our Jerry Garcia dicks die. What if they suffocate each other? No, we just have a dead, deceased, diseased, dripping, skull hanging off your crotch.

No, that happens. Yeah. What is the name of that person that asked that question? Buddy Toth.

Genius. Enjoy yourself. Buddy Toth. You might be my future husband. Oh, boy. That is, of course, how we play. Would you rather? And the would you rather theme song, of course. And guys, that was a fun one. You've heard of Funyuns? That was a fun one. Yeah.

It's almost just like it. The word.

Yeah, it is. All right. Um, guys, we just have the last thing to do, which is, of course, a little something we call plugs. The earth's crust, sugar and shattered. The people cried with fear.

The sky opened and from above Scott Ocarman appeared. He carried loads of wisdom. He brought it down below. He heralded the moment when his guests would plug their shows. It's time for plugs.

That's so nice. That is the double clicks. It's time for plugs. And we might have played that on the show before. And the only reason we're playing it again , not the only reason it's a great one, but is because we're out of plugs themes. So guys, send more plugs themes. I fell in love with them.

The double clicks. Yeah. Gorgeous. Gorgeous. Gorgeous. Yeah . You know what I mean? Check them out.

I'm sure double clicks.com is, uh, you know, probably probably they have that. If not swoop in there, swoop in there and get it. We stop talking about other girls. Okay. Move on. Oh, you're hurting.

Marissa, I have a white. Okay. Fine. I'm just saying. I can do these on the plugs. You know, I could do one right now. Yeah. Let's like, can we lay down that? Let's get the, uh, the hip hop beat here. So you want to lay down a plug theme? Yeah, I'll lay it down. All right. Here we go.

Oh, I'm bringing you mad plugs from Arena Del Rey. This is Wampler.

A whoop it up. Y'all. I'm going to give these plugs to you.

Gonna shove it in your butt hole.

But then you're we either. Oh, that's not how.

I'm going to put my wiener in your butt hole and fill you up with my plug. Check it out, y'all.

Wamp up the jam is up. Wow. Wow. That was great. We will not be using that.

That was just off the, off the, off. Imagine if we were able to mix those levels off the dome. If you're in a pinch though. Yeah.

Yeah. If you want to pinch it off, I'm sorry. Plug it in your wiener. I hate next time you're on the show. Like, what is your mouth going to be like? I don't know. This is all your fault.

I'm hoping that, you know, I hope you get some sense knocked into you.

I hope you get AIDS. Oh, God. Marissa. It's not me, right?

Right. I've heard it. It's not me. I am hurting right now.

All right.

Marissa. Well, let's, let's go to. Sweet Marissa.

Wow. You're really hurting. You're able to go right into a hook.

Yeah. Very manic today. Yeah. Lots of ups and downs. It's like a roller coaster.

I'm on the spectrum.

Rob, what do you have to plug here? Obviously Children's Hospital.

Fools and Tons of the season. Fourth season. Still running Thursdays and Sundays at 12 at night.

Adult swim. You have the movie Hell Baby, which I've seen.

Yeah. Very funny movie that Tom, friend of the show, Tom Lennon. I can't wait to see that.

Yeah. I don't know when that's coming out, but it will come out and you'll like it. Hopefully it's festivals. And I got a, I got a movie called Butter. It's going to come out in a couple of weeks, but they're releasing it. It's right up to Marissa Wanda Kelly. Yeah. That has, right. Because of that. Yeah.

Is that Jennifer Garner? Yeah. Jennifer Garner. She's so beautiful. Oh, she's from the singer life of Timothy Green. I don't know. I'm a fan.

I do not know. And that's, but it's, I just heard today it 's going to be on like, I don't know, pay per pay per view or something. Oh, come on. That's a great tomorrow, I think.

Yeah. It is a great model. Starting tomorrow. Think, uh, starting maybe last week or two weeks ago. Yeah. It's on probably. It's on. Get it now. You know what? It's out.

In theaters. Oh, it's out in theaters. I just remember.

Congrats. How is the premiere? Someone, you just found out today it's out in theaters. Yeah. Yeah.

I forgot for a minute. And then I remembered that it's out in theaters right now. It's called Butter. All right. Go see Butter out in theaters right now and Children's Hospital.

Obviously you coming back for a fifth. Yeah. Yeah.

We're working on it now. Really writing it now today. Maybe there's a role for a young 15 year old.

You just asked me a second. Did you just hear me? I will take my titties out.

Whoa. No. Okay. Put them back in. Those are, those are my nipples on the size of a dinner plate. They're like, yeah. Not even a like a salad thing.

It's not even the size of them. It's just the texture of them. That didn't happen. America. It didn't happen. Don't let them think that. It's so rough. Like sandpaper. Yeah. Like a cat's tongue. God. Why didn't happen in your dreams? Marissa, what do you like to plug here? You're you 're back in school. Junior year.

Womp up the jam's podcast happening. It is happening. Here 's the thing. I got to secure a couple guests. I'm going to have gutter balls on. I'm going to have them out. I might have Danielle on.

I'm not sure if her tits can fit through the doorway. List ler. Listler's cup is going to be my co-host. She's going to be spinning a tune. She's going to be spinning too. She's already been laying down some tracks for the theme song. She's been laying down track. Yeah. What she's been doing, which I find, I don't know if it's going to be a copyright issue, but she takes songs and then just puts womp in it and then she puts her own voice. So it 's like, whoa. That's not a very use. Yeah. That's serious. Yeah. That's serious. So that's what she's going to be doing. But yeah.

So we're going to get that out to you, but you know, I've got a lot of going on. I got to do a lot of journaling. I'm going to get that book. What color is your parachute? Help me through this time and just to, you know, wear the sidewalk ends, probably do some dramatic readings of that.

Yeah. Jonathan Livingston, Seachel. Yeah. Oh, that's a great one. I'll put that on the reading list.

And then I do love a show Friday nights at the UCD. Okay. I 'm talking now. 50 Shades of Grey. Guys.

Jerk it in your own time. Okay. On your own time. Friday nights at 9.30 at the UCD.

There's a show that you like, you say that I like that I like seeing called soundtrack.

Everyone should should come and check. What do you like?

What do you like about it?

It's a great show with great performers. You see it? Great looking performers.

Are you like an improv person? You want to go see improv?

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My Seth takes me and we sit in the front row. Oh, great. Do you always like try to shout out the suggestion? Yeah.

Yeah. I'll just be like, I'd a college like any time I can.

I'll give one. That's a good one.

Yeah. That's a good one, right? Yeah. It's pretty good.

Yeah. And sometimes even when they're in the middle of the scene, if I don't like it, I'll just be like, for Lauderdale.

Yeah. Just like give him something else to work with. You 're shaking up. I'll be like, you're in jail.

You know, your French. Yeah, your French. And they love you there or? They love me there.

Oh, my my picture actually is up in the booth. The ticket booth they have my picture up there.

I think that means that they're not allowed. Gotta go. G otta go.

All right. Well, I want to plug. Thank you to Jason Dipp ristine. He donated $100 to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you so much. Keeping the lights on.

Thank you, Jason, so much.

And I want to plug, get a Comedy Bang Bang t-shirt. Go head on over to your wolf.com. They're all the rage back to school. Do you have baby tees? I do. Oh, I 'm talking about for adults.

A more fitted thing to show my middle section. Sure.

Whatever you need. I'll personally.

I said, Rob, are you? I'm not a puke. No, I was thinking of something else. Oh, okay. I sort of make sure. Are you okay? Are you okay? Oh, my. So sorry.

You can such a strange right now.

I know. I'm so sorry. It's very loud. Anyway, I might buy a t-shirt and then personalize it.

Yeah, let me whatever I can do. I have, you know, my own bedazzler as well. You know what? I'm not coming over to your house to try it on a shirt. I have some puffy paint as well. You know what?

You got weird. Move on. I'm just trying to try it out. Go to show some bedazzle shit.

Come on. We have bedazzle parties. Get over it. You know my wife. She's very beautiful as you said.

My wife. My wife. You know my bride. She's very beautiful.

Stuff could happen. We could put on some candles. Okay. You know what? Move on. Finish it up.

Move on.tv.

Also, check out the Comedy Bang Bang Live episodes from the tour that we just did this summer. I think you'll really like those. You can get those 14 shows for $25, which is a great deal. Those are really fun. Oregon. Yeah, those are great shows.

And let's close up the old plug bag. What do you say?

That is Ken Marino with the closing of the plug bag theme.

Yeah, that he laid down for us.

He's really good. That was a close one. Some plugs almost got out. So I'm glad that we...

Yeah. Thank God. Yeah. Pandora's plug.

Guys, that's it. That's it for the show. Thank you so much.

Guys, do you... could we all get on the floor and hug each other just before I leave?

We can put on some whale music and just see where it takes us.

I got my meter. Oh, okay. All right. No, no, no. I'm just throwing it out there. It's not a big deal.

No, but hey, I got plenty of time on how meter. No, no. It 's okay. It's okay. Wait a minute.

No, no, no. You didn't want to roll around. No, no.

So with me, you just... Rob, does someone have a little crush on someone who gave her advice?

Nope, nope, nope, nope. And helped her along. Okay. You can ... All right.

No. You're hug. She's... You can hug me. You're very warm.

You give off a lot of heat.

A lot of body smells. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's not Jasmine.

Yeah.

That's not Jasmine at all. No, boy. That is poop.

Dry luck. All right. All right. All right, guys. Thanks so much. Marissa, always a pleasure.

We'll see you next time. Rob, love your show. Love you. I'd love to see you back.

And we'll see you next time. Comedy Bankman. We'll see you.

Thanks, Mike.

Womp it up. Jams, bro.

This has been an earwolf media production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio. Boom. Doo-com.

The Wolf Dead.
