Coming up on today's show we have a very special episode devoted to the movie Pitch Perfect, which is out now We have two of the stars of the movie. We have the writer of the movie plus no one will interrupt us I'm sure this is gonna be a very fun episode all of that and more on today's Are you going to spend your whole life having Bonnie Ray at tell you what to do?

Welcome to comedy bang bang. Thank you so much to the waste taster for that catchphrase submission. Good catchphrase You're gonna spend your whole life having Bonnie Ray at tell you what to do not me for one Thanks waste taster. If you have a catchphrase go head on over to your old beb-beb-beb-beb-beb So welcome to the show I'm Scott Ockermann and we're having a it's it's Hollywood nights here This is maybe the latest I've ever taped the show. This is exciting And if you liked that Ocapella theme song that Reggie Watts does Then you are going to love today's show because we have we have three of the masters Well one who wrote about the best years, but we'll get it.

We'll get into that But it is Hollywood nights and and we're firmly in October now I know that September was all about the new fall season and we had a great time talking to the stars of the new fall season Oh boy, we had we had Justin Kirk from animal practice Boy, we had Amy Poehler from parks and rec I call it parks and recreation because that's you know That's former that honors the title as it should be said Last week we had Rob Cordray of course from Children's Hospital and but we're putting aside TV for this week We'll be back to it next week. Don't worry We still have stars from your favorite shows coming up next week and the week after but we're putting that aside because this week we have the silver screen and for my money, there is no screen more exciting than the silver and We have Three people who are involved with a film and I talked about it on another show and I mentioned it I believe a couple of weeks ago because we went to go see this film My wife of course and Sarah Silverman and I and we all loved it But I have three of the people involved in this we have and I'll just kind of say who they are as I introduce them But we have the writer of the film K. Cannon is here also a writer for 30 Rock for many years and now is on the new girl, that's right and wrote the season premiere I did I saw your name on that I did last Tuesday. Yeah We also have Adam divine here In the movie he plays the villain I guess for the antagonist I'm the villain. I'm the bad guy straight up villain I'm a yeah, I'm a bad boy You are you the bad boy of a cappella singing? Yeah. Yeah, I think you wrote that actually I did I'm not gonna take credit for that And we also have Hanameh Lee here And Hannah's in the film and you play the bad girl of a ca ppella saying oh so bad. Yeah, so bad No, but you're on the you're on the the side of the angels.

Yes the vomit angels I'm in the new bellows the new bellows which we'll talk about the plot of this film But you're one of the good guys Adam. You're one of the bad guys K You're pulling all the strings. I'm making them face each other. That's right This was a really great film I really enjoyed it which and I actually requested for you guys to be on the program and it was set up where I Was invited to the screening by Elizabeth Banks aka Banksy That's that's widely known that she's Banksy, right?

So can you just when I heard that?

Yeah, I heard that like a week ago Like it was a while ago actually and they were like Banksy 's a fan and I was like No shit. Yeah, are you kidding me?

Am I is my face gonna be on a water tower somewhere? No, she spends her time when she's not acting she goes out there at night Yeah, just you know spray paints desert thing. Yeah, so it 's very it's very smooth to be out in the open like that nervous when At that screening that you saw because you didn't know how the reaction would yeah She was really nervous that you guys would not like it judgmental not me I'm sure but but the the crowd there was like the Hollywood Poi, there were some wattage you have a friend of the show Adam Scott was there You have Judd Apatow was there all sorts of people were there and it could have been very judgmental I know that Elizabeth went up and and kind of even was trying to downplay expectations right one point was saying look guys You know, it's a movie for 12 year old girls Be kind to it, you know, but no we all loved it It was it was great and honestly like Sarah and cool up and I were sitting there just really really enjoying it and Kate as the puppet master. Could you explain? What is this movie about?

It's an underdog story about a group of ragtag girls. No, it's it's It's very simply it's bringing on in the acapella world except instead of black You've seen this movie you've seen it But hopefully you really love the characters and think that this that it's a funny movie But it's boy for its girl versus boy ladies are underdogs in the world of acapella. That's an actual thing They can't hit the low notes now as someone who's seen the sing-off as I have The television show that is an actual thing because it's very hard to find a person who can do the bass notes Yeah, and also there's a very small percentage of women who beatbox that seems to be a very popular thing for guys We gotta raise those numbers I do Girls if you're doing it Kind of cool in the movie when you guys are in the swimming pool alone that he pans over to Shelley who is beatboxing who's making like a percussion sound and it's super cool. Oh, yeah There's finally a lady doing that so guys if you're out there wondering if you should see this movie there is a pool scene There is one They've already shown that clip. I've already shown both of those clips. Um, so it's basically competing acapella groups vocal groups and our protagonist Anacendric Academy Award nominee. Yeah, right as far as I'm concerned. So joke. Yeah. Yeah by my research She was what is she doing?

No, she plays the lead and you have great performances from everyone all the supporting people. Yeah, you have rebel Wilson of course in it and the two of you guys are in it and a really great cast and Elizabeth Banks is also She produced the movie. Yeah, and it was it's just a really charming Fun time at the at the theater. We're trying to give a little bit to everybody so like you were saying like it we I never thought of it as a movie for young girls, but that 's clearly what it is But I mean the hope was that people of all the demographics think it's like funny and fun to watch and people Let's make sure that white people if you're listening the movie is for you. It is targeted to you There are certain subtle messages in it. Yeah. Yeah, just like swastika's like for one frame No, no Brad Pitt's dick just quickly Very quickly beautiful as his cheekbones gorgeous gorgeous my my parents based on my recommendation my parents saw it the other day by the way they were here in Los Angeles and one of the markets it was playing and I will have you know my mother loved it and your dad my dad was not into it, but if you're if you're a 75-year-old Republican from Arizona then maybe it's not the movie for you My mother I just I want to get in here just for a second. I wouldn't say that on there. Can we cut that out?

Wait a minute. Did you guys bring someone else here with?

Scott it's me Scott Jeffries Scott's every from the studio Hey, yeah, I told you we got to say certain things about the movie You you going out there and telling people that 75 year old white men that a Republicans can't see it that cuts out If he's demographic for us as a for quadrant buddy. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I can't cut this part out. I can't cut it, but I'll go back go back. Go back. Go back. Would your mom Shouldn't be better. Yeah retract it. Okay, my mom loved it . I loved it And my dad didn't love it. Your mom got pitch slap Am I right? Did your mom get pitch slap? I guess she got pitch slap exactly she did. All right, great. This is great I love her guys so far. It's fun. It's I didn't realize you brought Scott. Yeah, he's actually been at a few interviews that I've done Yeah, for listeners of the show who don't know who this is by the way you were on about a couple weeks ago With a couple weeks ago, but yeah what?

JGL's movie premium rush Yeah, right like hell. Yeah, we all wrote like hell. Yeah, you asked us to say a million times better than looper a Million so there's no bicycles in looper. There's a motorcycle. That's not exciting. What's exciting about that ?

Yeah, I want to see the same guy older younger guy. I want to see guy chase by guy Listen, I'm not here to promote. Yeah, you rush came in came and went by the time you were even on the show We did already kind of tank well, let's talk about let's talk about Academy wortzies. We'll see where came and go I came one to the Oscars and left with a Academy wort anyway, let's get back to this Motorcycle by the way is more exciting than a bicycle. It's got it's like a bicycle with a motor. Did you see looper?

I didn't see looper in case closed. Okay, here we go. Wait because I didn't see I didn't see either of them So the case remains open as far as I'm concerned. All right , you say potato. I you say potato I say get pitch slap. All right, let's do it. All right, Scott. Can you just Try and talk to these guys go. I'm not gonna interrupt you go go go go. I love everybody in it It's great and just plug Jason Moore Jason Moore great guy I've known him back from Dawson Creek days. We had great time. You had you were on Dawson's Creek I used to do extras coordination on that. Oh, okay, but I don't want to get into that What does that all just like telling hey guys get over here move over here do a whole but you know We did a bunch of stuff James Vanderbilt close personal friend of the family That's how I got into the business what family my family your family the last time you're on the show It didn't seem like you had a lot of family my family my mother turned your back on your wife That's my wife. That's not my family. That's my wife. Okay.

All right. Okay. Well, you can please Scott Pitch perfect. I'm trying to perfect you say the quote. I give you pitch perfect It's a perfect film. I don't have to say this these guys should say I'm in a partial hose Sorry perfect for a bit. It's a perfect film for everyone.

That's what I like this guy knows how to play ball All right Adam Adam working hard. He's like a workaholic pitching this movie. Yeah, okay, so for for you You're a pro. Thank you. Yeah, that's what it pays you medium butt chill out please So Adam you are on on workaholics you one of the three guys on yeah, I'm yes. That is that is my show very funny show returning January January yeah fantastic. Mm-hmm. We're shooting right now shot all day came here came here. Yeah, so much You're welcome. Hey, what did you do you like to be here? I worked at new girl day. Oh, okay great. Wow you Oh, yes, yeah, honey me. I got the massages all day at all Long all day you got them or you gave them I got them you want me to get hours of massages hours And Adam describe your character a little bit for the people who have not seen the film What can people expect by the way you you guys do your own singing? Yes, that's all our own singing all our own stunts Those are all us like we all dance those are all me and us and your splits and dancing stunts. Yeah I really constitute this I had a stunt guy for most of the most one. I think you're a mad dog to Matt Damon's guy I love Matt Damon. Yeah a lot of parkour in love matty day Scott, please okay You don't need you don't need to interject that you love Matt Damon. What is that adding to the conversation?

About bumper hit us with bumper. What is bumper about bump?

Thank you Bumper is he's a he's a maniac. He's kind of a douchebag. I mean he loves a cappella like Too much. It's weird when people love something too much.

Yeah, it's like And he's yeah, he's good at it. So you're like chill out guy. It's like he's a bumper has his vocal His vocal cords are like just a really nice six-pack You know he shows off so much that you're like alright guy we get it you work you work it out you're taught And how is your six pack?

Regular one no, that's not taught Or you want to focus on yeah Did you sing before this movie no I'd never sang prior to this Wow I like sing at home or just TV theme songs I sang like my full house Sign I don't know that one time Sing You just did it look at that Today's boom he gets it he gets it. I love it But you see a holla workaholics. I do do that and you seem really damn good. Oh, thank you. Oh my setup Not damn just like that where you when were you cast did you have to sing for the audition at all?

Yeah, I sang the full house theme song. How does that go?

I honestly it was like whatever happened to predictability The milk man the paper boy and I don't know how I got the role because I sound like a 50s like African American Like jazz singer like a scat man. They're like Billy Crystal's character doing that yes or that racist character Billy Crystal Because Billy Crystal knew a black man who sounded like that. I just want to do Yeah, you know I mean look thank you. He's not a racist.

Thank you. Do you represent Billy as well?

I'm working with him on a grandparents movie. That's coming out. It's gonna be a lot of grandparents Yeah, it's a grandparents film. It's gonna be great. It's like I it's uh, you know, it's not for this show Really, you don't think Billy will come by no he's not gonna come by you're not gonna do a podcast you did this show before Billy Yeah, Billy did you did part of his one-man show on the show Back in the early days back. That's exactly right. Okay.

Yeah Got bigger. He won't do it. He doesn't win. It's cool. He doesn't do it. He's in the if Billy Crystal's anything is in the Rock he was up for Indy Jones by the way, Indiana Jones. He was one of the main. Yeah, that's true So yeah, it was Tom Selick The person who got it was Harrison Ford of course and Billy Crystal. They were the three if you get the new if you get the new blue ray He couldn't do it cuz the soap. Yeah, you can see his audition though on the blue ray I love it. Yeah, I want them to make that exact movie just with him. Yeah, I bet it would do well With him now with him Yeah, he's moving a little slower. Yeah. Keep stirring the camera. You see what I did there You could play all the parts Hanameh, did you sing before the Before you were cast or what's your back? I don't know that much about you. What is your background?

I know a lot about it. Do you know Google search me damn it . So would you say Google talk comm slash?

search equals Hana plus may Is that where people would I don't want you to I guess this is we can cut this out Hana don't want you to talk about the movie that you did that Hitler's bowl I don't want you to talk about that because that will alien ate people. I don't want to hear about Hitler's ball What's wrong with Hitler's ball? The singing?

Short film Hitler's ball do not talk about it will alienate the Jewish section of the Lot of Jews Pinging into Hitler's ball. Maybe it appeals to Jews. I even bring up his name people get I don't yeah I don't get it even bring up his name because in the beginning I can't even say schwatsika Schwartz nager good night Good try this book but my singing I sing I sing in my comedy sets and for the audition I sang a little bit of Korean folk music Are you a stand-up comedian? Yes, I am Where do you perform? What's your city of trade?

LA I perform at the comedy store a lot and flat bars and The act bar. I love act bar not the Indian restaurant There's a bar right down here, okay?

Senior acts Yeah, I took about penis and V and everything For the ladies And and did you did a little bit of singing so you were well Did you have to sing in the audition did you sing the full house theme song?

Is that the song that everyone had to sing I say a Korean folk song?

Oh, okay, cuz I didn't know we had to sing well that is the full house Yeah, I'd love to hear it On J a got oh yeah on J a got $30,000 I Loved it that was Jason my Jason more impression booked He's just whispering into a microphone Okay, I'm just gonna leave now. I guess I'll leave my head shot here I think if I were auditioning for that movie I would sing probably bat dance my favorite song Let's hear so yeah, sir Vicki Vale Vick Vick Vick Vick Vick i Vale is that part of that was more out of it. Yeah, all right That's that's the part that I would sing. I think I'd be really good. I do I would do all the characters But you booked it, okay, what do we got here? Let's see what I hear it here the bat dance. Oh, I got a live one here Yeah, get the phone cop bat man Get the phone cop keep busted. I've seen the future and it will be see come on. I was right credible I've never heard the song. I've never even heard of this song. Oh the beautiful melody on it. Are you not?

Are you not carrying it?

I mean, I maybe I'm not doing it justice, but maybe I mean I wasn't in this movie was sure of us You know, I mean, but oh, it's just the lyrics are one part of it But the just the beautiful transcendent melody that Prince uses for this for this song you got you got to hear it You want my favorite songs, you know, look, I mean I'm Batman Batman dance. Oh, it's pretty beautiful. It's one of my favorite paragraphs is hey, Ducky Let me stick that seven inch in the computer. Ha ha ha. Hey , we got the power. Oh, we got the soul Hey show enough get off to make the devil go go. That's a good show enough. That's what he's saying is that the bridge Imagine that's that's what prince sings and then you got Then I'm gonna kill you power. I'm not gonna kill you soul.

I'm gonna kill you power I'm not gonna kill you soul. Let's do it. I'm Batman Batman Don't stop dancing. I'm Batman Batman. Don't stop dancing.

Do it. Do it. Do it. This town needs an enema Oh my gosh, this is for a movie a Batman movie the Michael I see the second best Batman movie of all time. I mean Batman, you know forever is obviously the best Obviously, but this is the second best is the original Batman. Yeah, but the best movie of all works pitch perfect All right, okay, and it comes full circle Tell you what guys we need to take a small break here Scott . Do you promise?

Please when you come back. Can you just like I'm talking to the stars in the movie here?

We yeah, I'm I'm a you cut me out you cut me out. I'm leaving here You out this is live to tape. I can't cut you out live to tape what you J. Len over here. All right Hey, I am mr. Stan shaking the beginning of the show. Okay.

Look, you know what there are other people who do shows that are live to tape Other than J. Len. It's a pretty standard practice. We'll a fortune. That's why that's that's live to take that's your I guarantee you I saw three tapings of wheel fortune. Why did you go to three tapings of wheel of fortune cuz van al white and I And I don't want to get into it, but when we fought fucked.

I can't tell with it All about that right, that's love right, so van al white she was known for it She has Tourette's I mean everyone knows that with van al white. I've never heard that that is not a part of Hollywood lore Which is beautiful, but she has Tourette's they have to cast her and they got to cut out all the she says race stuff She says you know vulgar things she turns those letters so good, but they got to cut out the other stuff So that's why it's not live to tape. All right, I did not know that you saw three of them. It's all three. I dated her too. Oh Boy wonderful Angela you know all right guys well Let's take a break when we come back a little more with the stars of pitch perfect and nothing from the guy Just say it just say it when we come back. You're gonna get pitch. Yeah, all right. We'll be right back comedy bang bang Uh Comedy bang bang we're back here with the stars and writer of pitch perfect It's got Jeffries who works on it in some capacity. I can't really tell are you you're not the publicist What do you do? I'm a studio publicist. I kind of get the word. What does that mean? There's a publicist or there's a studio I work for Universal Universal Studios. We put out a bunch of great movies such a Baron Cohen's the dictator We put out other things and you know really that's your one that you can think of we put out the dictator And premium rush premium rush you put up premium rush, you know, so they you know I work I you know I'm a gun fryer you like every movie I've worked on mm-hmm. It does amazing Premium rush did not do amazing. Okay. Well, I let's I beg the differ really bag to differ I knew you were gonna beg to do for those DVD sales. There 's a lot of stuff that goes far out all far in guys That is the future look in a couple years. There's not gonna be in the United States It's gonna be China and that's what we're making you think we're going towards a one-world government really Which is a sign of the Antichrist. Yeah, you know another great movie Serenity the firefly movie we did that one universal that did not do well at all and in fact almost killed Joss Whedon's career Oh, really the Avengers, huh? If he didn't make that it wouldn't have made the Avengers. It's all about dominoes dominoes dominoes dominoes Box office 19 million dollars. That's for premium rush not great not great Not good at all view it for this it was only an hour and a half So it doesn't have to make as much money as a two-hour movie I don't okay because they didn't shoot it as much film.

Yeah, you know most of the money goes to the stars and And the advertising but it doesn't go for the film that they all gonna say is 75% on rotten tomatoes 75% that's certified you can't Stating facts and saying that's all you're gonna say and then you state more facts when I refute a fight fresh You have to know about Scott by the way the person that's employed to do this job for you He hasn't even seen movies. What were the movies that you 've seen the movies. I will look the movies that I've seen Yeah, you've only seen three movies three movies. Yeah, well was it? It's a mad mad mad mad world mad mad mad Great movie is super funny. I feel like I got it When I saw that I got it what the longest movies to watch by the way look I can it must have been really expensive It's three hours long. Yeah, it was not a lot of film for that. Yeah, look the best part about that movie no subtitles What were the other movies that you saw I?

Got a cloudy to me now if I just a cloudy with the chance of meatballs I know is mad mad mad mad world right the judge wrote the film savages and that's a new one. I believe yeah Really you're tempted to see that one. Hey, I gotta see t ravoltz in the film Well, you've never seen any other travolta movie, but you had me got me the way you looked in that I saw the poster I was into it. I like I like a chupacabra not chupacabra. I like Mexican wrestling you look your lead brain. That's what I like Yeah, I love it. I love it. That was that if you want to talk about quality I don't want to get into that's a different movie wait if you want to talk about quality That's a quality movie as opposed one of my favorites. Okay . Yeah, it was one of my favorite movies It was travolta in that movie. Yeah, it was up. Yeah, that 's right. Okay. I left it I left halfway through I will tell you I think two and a half of it. I think two and a half But look if you if you take the the a mad mad mad mad my world so long You take half of that and you add it to savages. I saw two regular set averages out like yeah, yeah, yeah Ted What Ted you've seen Ted no, I'm just saying that's another universal movie What why did you say it though?

You're supposed to call attention is subliminal That's a subliminal thing. I dropped that in people are listening what happened. It was not subliminal Can I just you guys all heard it and we were all wondering very blimable?

Yeah, very bliminal And what was I like to act in this movie how how long did it take to do was it fun? Did you guys all bond?

None of those were just waiting to get the hell out of there. Oh my god torture. It was horrible They're joking. No, I'm serious What?

All right, and I got you see what I did there That it get I got it That's that's improv comedy. I would love you to actors do I would love you to text my son cuz he says I have no sense of humor Well, you have a son with your wife that you abandoned not with my wife With who?

Vanna he doesn't want to get in I don't want to get into it Let's just say I don't get into it. Let's just say what I'd love to just say something Nothing Nothing that can come out before the election Are we saying that either An Romney Oh Not here for me. I didn't say anything. Oh Great you have a son with an Romney and you got you got custody mm-hmm. I make more money And wrong me. Yeah, well, I guess technically she loves kids. I love kids. I love kids too I love them. I love them I love what they do and how they are and you know You can rip them off for ideas right and left to cuz they just they just don't even realize that for what ideas what ideas do you ever come up with?

You're not actually making movies or anything like that.

What are your ideas? Here's an idea. Okay, right?

Ted right you see those posters for Ted. I was not only the posters by actually saw the movie Coming but he's in front of a computer. Okay, get it Yeah, he's ejaculating Idea from your son. Yeah How old is your son were you watching him ejaculator where you did he say it was on the computer and he had his teddy bear And he goes dad dad and I go oh my god Was that that bear watching porn and I thought came up and then you know the the coming thing was a beautiful Like I didn't even realize that was a word for it Oh, you just put it's coming on it and then the fact that it was upon was incidental I thought it was funny that bears that can be why would a bear be at a computer?

I mean what do they need to do find a stuffing?

manufacturer really so that was that was the level that the poster resided upon until it's Until it came out and people read a little more in there.

My son's idea Okay, all right, so you have a small son with an Romney Yeah, he's a small. I mean he's he's a pretty was a premium , but he's bigger now, but like how old how old size now Yeah, he's like me. We're not talking about the side the height of The age wise how big is he he's in like the seven to tens Wow?

Me too strange No, no like he's like above five, but he can't write on some rides, but he can he can write on some other ones So you don't know how we'll figure it out. I tell my kid early on let's not deal with age Because that's something that when you get to be you know, blah blah blah you don't want to talk about age Yeah, you know that's what it'll date you and with nature Mm-hmm. How much cooler is one thing that will right? You know you're in high school. How old do you?

I don't know yeah sounds cool sounds awesome. She gets it.

Everyone cuts out. I like it Pitch perfect. Yeah, please I want to talk about the movie.

Okay. Well, I had a great time shooting the film By the way Adam, please jump in just any he's ever talking I'll do my best it's not no cuz it's we're talking about pitch perfect. Yeah I mean it's really more about you know these two and K and you know, let's do it We got big little big movie. This is big it was released small huge hit giant hit already Yeah, per screen average per screen. Yeah, yeah huge. That 's I'm saying well the word about this is very is very Exciting about this. Yeah, we're excited about it at universal. Yeah. All right. Well, that's good to you Come up put us back on the map You were off the map What I want to know Well, I wouldn't touch it. I don't like movies with docks Do you mean doctors no Doc's literal doc Doc Martin's like a doc that leads into the water. Oh, okay Dawson's Creek had a whole bunch of those yeah Only lasted 14 seasons. Oh, no, yeah, did the extras push you into the water at some point?

Yes Okay, I got it. All right. I won't bring it up again. Thank you. You must hate movies like what about Bob?

Anyway, yeah, I do want to say something. This is something I can't say Paul Thomas Anderson full of shit. I Saw that master movies full lies and so that's your fourth movie. I am seen I read I didn't read anything I just basically heard from a person. Yeah, we've established you don't read. Yeah, I heard about it Please don't say that you read I heard about this movie and I just think it's full of half truths And and it's not really representative of the religion and the and the and I think it's it's a mockery of why what do you have to say About it what what what was so wrong about it. No spoilers if you can no spoilers. I didn't see it I'm just saying I just think it's a make some mockery or something. That's very special to a lot of people include myself religion Wait, you're a what you're a scientific I think I'm so successful Okay, yeah, let's make it I wondered why you were dropping by all these shows too It's because we're right across this tree from that weird Scientology museum. Yeah, suicide The psychiatry suicide psychiatry. Yes, I got a tree that what is it called the psychiatry?

The I don't know is that the catchphrase? I don't I've never heard that before I don't know. Anyway, let's get into the this game this movie which the kitty Can we put a side 322 screens?

So much Can we put aside we should have called this movie could sing I don't think it would have been Successful, yeah, good shit All right, that's embers a little love that can I can let's put it aside though for a second cuz I've never actually talked to a Scientology's before I was so You guys ever are you just like you like you? I'm very I'm very interested. I like to know what level Scott is I'm a little late clear. There's no I'm not clear. I am not clear. You can know you know what this is actually Fly a little late can I fly look I'm not gonna tell you that I can fly sure I can fly but that's not What do you get you just told me?

That's not the reason to get involved in this. Yes, I can wait if you can fly. I want to be a zoologist Yes, can I watch you fly if you're a part of the organization, then yeah, really you have flying parties But only sign up just can watch each other level eight in the buff. Where do you guys have these parties?

Just had bowling alleys you close them down. Can you fall in a bowling alley? Come on in the city walk You never see you know, it's more of a hover Yeah, we get you versus city walk when they close Just because I live sort of by there. Yeah, I've never seen human beings not above the buildings. Oh, so you fly it Okay, yeah, that would be an air traffic control problem of course. I have a question for you. Yeah, go ahead Were you raised a different religion?

No, I just got involved in this same way movie theater. I wasn't going in but I was hanging out what movie were you not watching?

I just set him a score. Oh Which is I talked to people outside of it now. Here's interesting fact about pitch perfect Yeah, it was only in so many people love the movie, but was in so few theaters any 353 I believe 22 yeah, three thirty five three thirty five three three thirty five somewhere in the 300s mid 300s I'm gonna get a call. I'm gonna text the studio right now into it as well. Just saying you're right in the middle there 350 yeah, but about you I don't want to get into okay. Yeah , so okay So how did I get involved?

That's the question right yeah, I believe so I don't know we got off on a pitch perfect sidetrack for a second cinema scoring and Somebody comes out and I said what you know, I said what did you think of born legacy and they said this is not that long go Yeah, just a couple couple weeks ago Okay, right and you're already a lovely and you can fly that's how Really into quick and advanced you focus you can do good.

That's like you being a Catholic bishop in a month look, you know what they need him A lot of openings a lot of yeah, that's a good job for kids now well guys. Why don't we take a break And when we come back, we'll we'll talk a little bit more about pitch perfect. We'll play a game Me too, what's that what would you say huh no just pickle me too? What what?

Summer 2013 What if you like this pickle me one just pickle me to Me to just pick only to Despicable me to you Okay, yeah, well yeah in wins that come out summer 2013 summer 2013 all right guys We'll be right back. We'll talk more about pitch perfect right after this comedy bang bang Comedy bang bang we're back here with the stars the writer of pitch perfect All right guys well time to play a little game. It's time to play something we call would you rather?

Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh All right, son, what would you rather? Thank you, I was hoping I would go on a Thank you for giving it the respect that it deserves a lot of people talk over it and you guys I Really appreciate that You know what the list no actually we haven't played it. Oh the listeners appreciated to by the oh, there's plenty more Okay, we all know how this is played of course people send me would you rather scenarios to our Twitter?

Which is at CBB wyr comedy bang bang would you rather don't send them to me personally?

I will throw them in the would you rather pile?

Which is the pile that I throw discarded would you rather send not ones that we're gonna use I just want Make sure people are clear on that. I don't throw them on the pile like a wood pile of pile You know the wood that you're gonna use in the fire. Can I just say what's going on if you even think about seeing taken to I?

Was thinking about it. You know what you should do go home watch the first one It'll be better and then don't see taken to and then go see this I kind of wish that Liam Neeson in that movie would say you 're gonna be taken to Yes, you know, but he never said you know he doesn't maybe he does I don't know all that say is I want I do want to I want to break down all the movies They're coming out and tell you why you shouldn't see taken to not as good It's not gonna be as good as the original see Frank can ever are Frank and we need that's a porn. No one cares I don't believe that's true butter Another porn food documentary not interested Weathering Heights, sorry. No, thank you. You'll be yeah.

You'll read the book if you want. Yeah oranges. No, I've never been a fan The paperboy another video game movie who cares video game video game with Nicole Kidman and VHS Sorry, sorry Outdated right yeah VHS. We got what it raised now. What is that? That's like releasing something out there called like the stone tablet Releasing 78 RPM. Yeah, you know what I mean? There's nothing better for you to see this weekend. Yeah, I agree Paperboy Yeah, tell me about but you know it is time to play our game. Okay, go all right So people send me would you rather see four percent on rotten tomatoes to paper boy paper boy really what's taken to Taking to is low six percent six percent Six percent. Oh, sorry 12 percent 12. I was thinking to see it, but no, thank you We all know how this is played. Oh, yeah, I mentioned that so people send me scenarios and I read them out loud to you Cool. I will then open the floor for questions before you vote It's customary to ask me any questions in order to help narrow down your choice about either of these scenarios Once I close the floor for questions. You will then vote on either of the scenarios and Then we'll tally up the points and we'll assign a winner.

So here we go. All right. This comes to us from monopoly of heaven love it at panopoli of heaven He or she what are you doing right into the mic there? What are you just getting my paper?

Your paper you don't need to You don't need any paper. Okay, were you gonna write down your questions or what we can listen to it?

Okay, yeah, just listen. Okay. Here we go. The number you 've heaven asks would you rather have super strength, but loudly shit yourself every time you use it or Have to inform your mother whenever you have an orgasm Would you rather have super strength, but loudly shit yourself every time you use it or have to inform your mother whenever you have an orgasm?

I'm opening the floor for questions when I feel like I know my answer right?

I'll ask some questions when you shit yourself. Yes, ma'am.

Is it?

We're a bunch of people are seeing it or is it like stay contained?

Well, we've established that is loud so everyone hears it Every time you use your super strength. That's true. I mean that may that maybe how you want to use your super strength You want to make sure that you're alone whenever you do it.

It's very loud. It's very juicy And there are residual stains Kind of seep in there. Okay, and the other part is you only own one pair of clothes So your whole life. Yeah. Oh, so Watch that stuff though, right? No, you can wash it, but you have to be naked while you're washing it So you can't just take off your pants and borrow your roomm ates You can't borrow anyone else's no no these these are specially made clothes that only fit your body The change is see this is why we play the game. Yeah, you know, what is the benefit of Telling your mom you're having an orgasm. I don't know if there's no there is in it other than You know, you have a very close relationship with your mother. Yeah, that's a real bonding. It's it's something that in this scenario You grew up doing she I have a question. Hey, you know what ? I'm answering at all right?

Answering Adams question here. This is not how you play.

You don't I mean it is good gameplay to try to interrupt.

Yeah It is good. There you go, but you grew up in your your mom said if you ever have an orgasm You have to tell me immediately otherwise. I'm taking the switch to you And so it's just the way you were raised as soon as you have that orgasm you have to like In this scenario your mother's just a horrible evil woman.

I mean, I don't know if that's I mean That's the way I was raised. I don't consider my mother to be you know, you had to tell your mom every time you had an orgasm Got to oh got to yeah the privilege But you Sing that did you guys hear that?

But yeah, you the the time limit by the way is you have to do it within 20 seconds of the actual last drop of ejaculate or the last shiver. Oh, yeah, so it's fast. Okay, so if you're out of town or you're not a Scream away from your mother. You got to be quick on the dial you you have to know where she is at all times Speed that otherwise you have a heart attack. I think really wait It's required that she's got to pick up she has to pick up.

That's the problem So you have to you have to make our ever thinking of having an orgasm and you don't know where she is You got to know her schedule. You really have to know where 's good. Wow I for ladies This might be easier because maybe ladies are orgasming that much Wait a minute Is this feminist comedy is this what you learned on 30 rock ?

After six years, that's what I took away from that show. I 've never seen 30 rock is it all just jokes like that?

Question Scott you you seem like What's going on Scott?

Seemed like uh, I'm thinking about something is your mom cool?

Oh, yeah Like she likes it. She's not gonna judge you. Oh, no, she judges you. We don't tell his mom We have to tell our mom. Yeah. Yeah, it's your mom. No, I mean, but in the scenario the mom If my question is is the mom Your mom or is it a is it an amalgam mom?

That is a mom in this scenario that raises you that way is cool and doesn't judge you but still wants all the deets Oh, what deets? Yeah, she wants to know how it how it had play by play and this is also worth So it's sad if it's just you alone a lot of times Your mom has never had an orgasm and every time you tell her she gets really sad. That's part of the reason Yeah, that's why she wants all the deets. She's never had one herself. Yeah, I carelessly through you Yeah, exactly. Not a lot of questions about the other scenario. I have to say a question about that because that scenario to me sounds Fantastic. Yeah, the shooting yourself. Yeah, you're sharing yourself Because you think of all the awesome things you could do.

What are these awesome things? You could be uh, you could play for the NFL you could uh You could lift just the heavy stuff in competitions if you 're playing for the NFL. What by the way?

Strong man the strong man. What position?

The middle you push the ball you push those things the thing pushers like though the Yeah, the big the big guys who push the things so Bay so in this scenario what you're saying is that you would go out on the field Yes, you'd be going up against these like 320 pound sure you said I have super strength You have super strength, but you're going up against these guys. They look at you and they're like doesn't matter They're like ha ha ha who's this guy?

They haven't heard of you at this point. Yeah, yeah You get one play in which you show your super strength. No, you can play as many as yourself You should imagine Imagine how effective that would be you shit yourself every time no one wants to touch you Uniformed early in your clothes. They know that you can just push them so hard your clothes are a football you do The other part of this that you don't know well then this is working out perfectly for my situation You know, you're not able to play basketball. You're not able to be a milkman Do people you know like you know you're making good money in the NFL. You don't need you're only able to be an NFL player That's okay. You're off and you get a lot of concussions.

You've got to be an NFL player Yeah, but cool. Well, that's I mean you can't be anything that has any other uniform because you you're one Uh change of clothing. You know, you have C fighter. You just wear that we wear the pads and that's we Talked to you talk to the what Dana white, right?

And you just you know clear with him. I'm gonna ship myself Would you wear it that I'm gonna wear the pads but also you have to in this scenario you have to play for the Houston Oilers because that's the uniform about you can't play for any other team really all right Yeah, what if they want to trade you you're at a look so only if they would make Provisions to the rules what that you can play for the Carolina Panthers Where the other turns well if you're that strong if you're that strong if you're that strong you make It's good for the NFL because people want to tune in to see that's a Face of trying to the guy who shits themselves having some T. Bo type of popularity You are very religious in this scenario as well. You're really That's your take every time you shit yourself you fall to your knees and you point upwards. Oh, yeah, okay Yeah, Scott, I have a question worth it. Could you just wear a diaper and avoid all this?

How naive you Of course you can't wear a diaper. This is a diaperless world Dipers have not been invented in this world so but babies are shitting them themselves babies are shitting themselves everywhere well then i'm in Wait a minute. This is a plus for you Yeah, because if all people and babies are always shitting themselves and i'm shitting myself I don't feel like an outcast anymore. Yeah, you're just in the middle somewhere You're relating to the young ins and you're relating they bond with both of them point. Yeah, okay All right, please don't vote yet. I'm not voting. I don't know you have a question I don't like shit. Don't like shit. Okay, especially well.

You don't have to be strong Yeah, you never have to use your super straight. It's only when I use it. Oh, okay When you use it you're in the football uniform. Are you wearing? Are you wearing normal clothes the rest of the time?

No, no, that's your well. You're my song. So really that's what's If you are never going to use it and you're wearing these football uniforms, right? Yeah, and people are constantly asking you Why are you wearing that? Houston Oilers? Can you add accessories to this uniform? Yeah, like my change Can you tie a diet? Can you uh You are allowed one tie dye your lifetime. Okay. Yeah, so you better have to use it. Yeah Yeah, use it at precisely the right time I feel like as a as a lady having super strength as a football player. Yeah, that's that's gonna be ground breaking stuff there, right?

Jackie Robinson, right? No, I'm sorry ladies. You're not allowed to play the NFL. Wait a minute. So sorry So we're just like well, then then I'm walking around in a football jersey. Yeah, or football uniform straight up ads Yeah, just walking around Shitting yourself randomly. Oh, right if I use my super strength for sure. Not a lot of play. Yeah, and not a lot of play Well, can you be in this uh, Canadian football league? Oh, yeah, they have Yeah, so yeah, anything goes up there. Yeah, I think I figured out a little trick that you might be trying to pull on us Oh, what's that? Do you need to inform your mother when you take a shit in that other world?

Yeah, you do Every time you use your super strength. You have to call your mother that yeah, really all right So you're calling your mother no matter still within 20 seconds Yeah, but if you're in the start of the NFL you call your mom mom I'm I've used this my strength all game long a lot of time out But she won't you have it you you know, yeah, something in your she wants all the details about the shit though And by the way in the orgasming one Uh, your orgasming shit wait Yeah Orgasm I think yeast infection and I'm like oh yeah, it's very dirty in there gone Yeah, yeah, it's a lot of infections Yeah, you're sick all the time. Oh, yeah, no you die within two weeks. Oh, yeah, because you can't help yourself Do you have a significant other?

In which scenario in the orgasim scenario great quick like a long term relationship. Okay. Are you asking? Do you ever find love?

I'm asking if you ever find love Or after shitting orgasms. You just it's a deal breaker for everybody you ever date. Okay in those two weeks you're alive You find love you find the one two weeks. You got a diet So yeah, you're getting too many infections All right any other questions before I I shut down the floor here. I do have a question. Yes, Scott Is it the best sex of your life when you're orgasming shit great question? Yes There's just something about it that feels so great. That's perfect Dad's eat. That's what all right. There's just something about that was good subliminal You guys have made I just had a visual of someone orgasming shit. Yeah, and then I heard you whisper I think that's a visual that all the listeners are gonna have I love it. I love it. Go to pitch perfect this weekend org asm shit Um It's a great feeling if you've never done it. It's you gotta try it's amazing. All right. Any other questions It's an amazing you orgasm. It's amazing It's an amazing hot it's like you know having sex when you 're you know on you know mushrooms. It's just amazing. Wow.

Yeah It's great. I'm gonna write a pros and cons list. Yes.

Really?

I'm gonna make my list. All right. Any other questions before we shut it down. All right, I'm shutting the floor for Shutting floor for shits. Yeah, shutting floor for questions. All right, how would we like to vote?

Hanameh, I'm gonna turn to you For the first vote here. Do you like the Loudly shitting yourself super strength scenario or do you like the orgasming shit and calling your mother?

Uh, you know, I'd go with a super strength super strength Why is that because if I'm gonna shit myself and call my mom or have or ship myself and be super powerful I'd rather be You know walking around in that outfit and people pointing at me and being alive Yeah for longer than two weeks, but you're not gonna get the best sex that you've ever had You know, but I get to make people laugh people look at me and think I'm retarded and walking around in this outfit That's part of it as a community You're gonna add the voice to every time I get my powerness . That's the voice that will come out So you think people are gonna be more afraid of the voice or of this the shit coming out of your I mean Anus My honest Um, I think it's a double power now that you put it that way. It's like a it's like a double strength Interesting, you know, all right. That's an interesting vote from an interesting lady. Yes All right, Adam turning to you. How do you like to vote?

Uh, I mean I hate to do this because it's like ordering the same like sandwich at a restaurant You know that's happened. Yeah, we all say that's annoying But I'm gonna have a shit superpower Shit superpower. Yeah, okay. I mean, maybe that's the right answer We haven't revealed it yet football you get it, but you get to be a star as a football fan Yeah, you get to be a star one You get to be a little class athlete. I guess that kicking mule, you know, I don't know I wish I knew whole Disney film from Yes, then yes, never heard of it He would do in your celebrity you're gonna have the best sex of your life. Mm-hmm. You don't need to use your super strength in that scenario You can use your regular You don't want to as a normal you don't want to really orgasm you may use your super strength while you're having sex Yeah, but you won't it'll hurt her. No, it's her. No, but to risk just to restrain Well, they are saying choking is the new anal. That's the word I always believe that pitch perfect. Yeah, I always believe that And you know else believe that wow, manna white Okay, so these are Romney Really done at all from an Romney to van away the spectrum.

Yeah, yeah, and others you got a type you've got a type A strong woman. All right. Well, that's an interesting vote as well. So you're going with the shit. All right, we turned to cake. Hannah. Yeah Um writer for the new girl producer as well. Yep Sweet nominee for an Emmy Yes, so when you're watching the new girl, you can kind of take this into account of the personality Behind one of the main people here and how she votes on this scenario I'm going for love nice. I'm going for the two for the orgasm Because you die after having this amazing yes experience and you never find love in the other scenarios That wasn't said well, you never asked the question. I clearly said do we have any more questions?

Well, you never said you're never gonna find love. You're well, you should have asked me that I have all the information here. I'm just ready to give it to you. You're a big you're a big time famous Superstar and you're not gonna find it love is what you say have any of them ever found love Or a locker look at breadfarver We all thought he had it all. Yeah, we did wrangler ad colors Cavalari you can stop there. Yeah, that's it. I was I was going to okay. Yeah, I figured So, uh, I appreciate that answer cake. Yeah, I'm excited. I 'm excited It only happens once in a lifetime if you're lucky All right, scott, how do you like to vote?

sex Which one the orgasming yeah orgasm shit My mom tell her what's up Because i'm gonna let you in on a little secret. Yeah, I do call my mother every time I organize Organize organize you call orgasming organizing every time I organize I orgasm I do call my mom I don't call her a 22nd window. Okay. Uh, I wait until I get a private space Uh, but I but I will take this how long does that take you to get the private space a minute and a half?

Okay, so a little bit longer All right. Well, we're closing down. Uh, let's see. Let's tell you at the points here Let's see so haname you voted for the shitting adam you voted for the shitting and it seems like you regretted your vote because you didn't have all the information So i'm sorry you're true you are disqualified K and scott you both voted for the orgasming but i'll tell you what uh shitting was the correct answer so haname You are disqualified but it won't be You are a winner that is of course how you play would you rather does You know i'm not gonna respect i'm not gonna respect the music this time Because I shouldn't have been disqualified bro. You're disqualified fair and square We all heard it. We all heard why well what we heard you say i'm disqualified There is no reason behind oh, I think the listeners heard exactly why why that regret in your voice It was pretty prominent The regret in my voice. Yeah, I mean no, I was asking questions because I like to be informed Hey, you're being a nice. You're not being a sore loser.

You're she's being a horrible bitch about I noticed I Hear that in her voice Okay, you're disqualified. I didn't get disqualified. I just lost your disguise qualified if She does something if haname does something in which she can no longer hold up The number one spot Then whatever reason it would go to me it go to me right?

Well, I don't know you both voted incorrectly so I think you would share do I did not vote directly. I vote correctly but then you're ready at the minute you did it and you see then you start arguing with me Which arguing with the judge? I mean, that's like, you know , that's Never playing that. That's how Lovers, lawyers, lawyers, never do that.

Judges all the time. Rubens that are never doing that. I don't think so. I watch Franklin and bash. I know how you are in contempt, sir. Okay I like that Franklin and bash show. I feel very bad for bre ccomayor divorce after 11 years old time Just cannot get it. I don't know why you were bringing that up. But really you've seen Franklin and bash That's the one thing you're saying. They're like uh, they 're like lawyers, but they have lightsabers. It's great They have lightsabers. Yeah, they love it. They're like one in one of the commercials They have a lay of a hot tub and they go take a hot tub and they go your honor. I object this hot tub Wait, so you've just seen the commercial What else I got it. I got the idea You don't have a lot of time for this next. All right guys That is uh just about it for us. We just have the last thing to do of course, which is plugs Yes, let's hear the plugs theme Oh One cup your tub when you want to take a bath Plug up your nose so you don't have to smell the dry bath Plug in your tv sit back and watch smash This is the part of the show where you put your shit Plug up the pool and some water and chlorine Plug up your buck when sex is getting kind of boring Plug in some hair when the other hair fell out Plug it Plug it now Plug it now at the part of the show where you plug your shit Oh Wow that is some theme song that is it really was uh, thank you to shane luru that is called plug your shit Shane luru, thanks so much for making that for us If you have a plug theme head over to earwolf.com under the comedy bang bang message boards and leave them We need more so please write them up and uh, we love your plug themes. Thank you so much and you're famous for a week shane luru Great job. You're famous for a week. That was amaze balls.

Yeah. All right guys. What do we have here? Uh, of course pitch perfect Right opens this friday everywhere if you haven't seen it yet, you gotta go see it check it out I would like to plug the anti reviews why you shouldn't see taken to if this is any indication taken through will be nothing But lem neeson running around European cities pointing up the biggest tax credit They go uh this ago it says growling and beating up random swarthy passive pass or pass or buys It will only be a tiny step below this Huh? Yeah, they're responsibly violent. Please stop saying Taken to also opens this weekend, right?

Pitch perfect pitch perfect. Yeah, haname. What do you uh other than pitch perfect? Um, what do you have coming up?

Obviously see your stand up. Yeah I think i'm done. Really. This is it. This is this is it.

You're very funny in the movie My wife uh after she got over the initial jealousy of why did another asian get a part that I didn't get Um Thought you were very funny and uh your part is is really hilarious Stay with it Give about that easily. Don't quit five minutes for the miracle I'm gonna like go into organic farming use some organic shit or gasmic. Yeah, orgasmic Organization farming Adam you have uh work. Obviously as well. Yeah, um, what season is that?

Four well three is like three three b second for the second part of three. Yeah It's four for the for the fans for people who care It's like you did like a 10 10 flip. Yeah, we did 20 episode season three and then they this is the Plated up the back you think that the fan should call it for this call it for sure. Yeah And uh, i'm not trying to confuse them with asian bees.

There's a lot there's a lot of stuff there I mean the sopranos did it with their final season and it confused every yeah, and it was not successful I didn't watch uh 20 of those 22 episodes. I know breaking bad is doing and we're all like what is going on?

I was so confused. Yeah, you do it the right way. Call it for all right. There we go Uh, k you're obviously on the new girl new girl. It's Tues days Right at nine o'clock. Uh scott will get to you in a second . I want to uh plug of course head over to ear wolf Uh because the website has a brand new look. We got a brand new home page a lot of new shows We have new music podcasts and new lifestyle podcasts. We have a podcast with harm our superstar And uh, grantly phillips Is perfect harm our superjor is it? Oh, yeah, that's right.

He's in the movie along with uh jolotrulio and john's and dahlia bass on scott do you have anything to Yeah, i'll plug uh i'll plug despicable me. That's 2013 get ready to see the minions. It's going to be a lot of fun Uh, what are they up to? What are they doing? Uh, man with the iron fist quententarantino produced We love it. We love what the rizz is up to we love what he 's got going on born legacy coming out on dvd You got to check it out. Jason borne is going on and then uh, we got uh, of course This is 40 this christmas written and directed by jot apat ow. Oh my gosh. Who is this? Who is this as walking in right now?

That's me Uh, oh my god. Who is this paul paul sheer? Oh, hey scott.

Hey doing, uh, thank you so Hey, man, you showed up the last time the scott you've got you Well, I saw the light on at your wolf studios and I came in i'm in the middle of actually plugging We leave a little light on just in case this happens. I like read the roof in yeah exactly Uh, so you and scott well scott jeffries i this is awkward because i'm always interrupting me. Yeah, you always are interrupting me So our voice yeah, we in yes there are very similar voices.

Yeah, not at all. Not at all. No, you see our voices almost I mean we can tell the difference because obviously you look very different So anyway, I'm just coming by just to uh, let you guys know that the league is premiering august 11th this thursday on Fx yes And uh, it will be followed by the greatest show ever on the history of television a show that uh, I wrote and uh produced with adam scott and john han Ritz so that's uh coming up this that's also be on thursday night. That's on fx as well Uh, no, that's on adult swim also people have to change a channel But we will after we'll way after that way after the title that show the greatest show ever in history of television Oh really? Yeah, okay. Yeah, and that's on adult swim adults and that's what people have been seeing the pictures of yes to in tuxedos Exactly. Yes. Yeah. So that will be that thursday night at midnight. Okay, paul. Yeah, that's great. Well, thanks for dropping by All right. Yeah, the league and you up to some hijinks on the league a lot of hijinks I bet you are all right. Bye. All right. See you later, man . I love that guy. I like that guy a lot wait. Who's this?

Who's what oh hey? It's got i'm sorry. I got confused for a second. No, I don't know. I like that guy I like that guy because we sound like Really? So that's what it takes. Yeah, look I just say why was it one thing?

Yeah, please before we close the plug bag if this was a book How boring would it be but if we heard it for our ears, it 's way better if this podcast were a book Right. You want to read that? Yeah, but it was so good because we heard it with our ears just to get the word out That reading is bad overrated if there's one takeaway from this program reading is bad reading is bad. All right.
