---
layout: page
title: 18. Andy Kindler,Jerry Minor,Brendon Walsh [159⧸21202].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Hi, coming up on the show today, we have comedian Andy Kind ler.

You may know from the late show with David Letterman.

We have Jerry Miner in to do a live radio session with some of his songs and comedian Brendan Walsh is all here on the other side of JP Incorporated.

We'll see you in a second.

♪♪♪ Hey, this is Greg Barron and you're listening to the racist radio hour on Comedy Death Ray.

Oh, no, no.

♪♪♪ That was Greg. Thank you, Greg Barron.

This is Comedy Death Ray.

As he said, my name is Scott Ockerman.

Let me set the stage.

We have engineer Stephanie here, hard at work, setting up computers, finding station IDs.

We have engineer Joe here.

He's still trying to find him, still trying to find Forre ster.

Not sure where he is.

And we have intern Stewart in the booth.

The other intern, I think I saw him skulking around.

I can't remember his name.

And that is our regular cast of characters.

I'm Scott Ockerman.

Of course you can find me at Twitter at Scott Ockerman.

But let me introduce my special co-host for the hour away.

What number are you on, Andy?

What, you're on two.

You're on the wrong one.

Yeah, go on three.

What the heck's wrong with me?

Moving over to number one.

People love to see the inside.

They love to see the sausage made of pussy.

Did you say that?

Did that come out?

I did not.

Hello, how are you Andy?

That went out, right?

Yes, by the way, how did Greg Barron know how you really are as a person?

Oh, come on now.

Come on now.

Already?

You're starting?

You weren't a member of the clan.

You weren't, you weren't, oh, Robert Bird's nephew.

Oh, I'm the idiot.

This is my new cause, man.

See you delivery.

All right, Andy, we're the bad guy for saying the horribly racist thing.

Oh, I'm the bad guy.

Andy, we're going to get to your credits in a minute.

But let me just say- Let me just say- They show with David Letterman.

Yeah, we may talk about that.

But first of all, you are the master at coming into a room and breaking it down.

That's right.

What do you got?

Look around the room and break it down.

Well, that's a nice haircut.

What time do you ship out?

And people love this kind of comedy on the radio.

I just got a haircut.

We should tell the listeners I just got a haircut.

I haircut it.

And they left nothing on the sides.

He said, what was fantastic Sam's busy and you had to go to a fill-in-a-even more depressing salon?

What was it?

They were all filled up at $10 and under haircut.

What was it?

You bring the scissors.

We'll bring the drunk barber.

Salon.

Where'd you get your haircut?

Haircuts are not us.

Jerry, Jerry's got a- Jerry, I want to- Just for the- everybody, why don't you say extra extra read -all about it?

Because he's wearing like a beret.

Like the- Like a muggle with wear.

And the Bazooka Joe comics.

Alright, who else do you got?

I just uh, I just option- I just optioned the Bazooka Joe comics, Jerry.

I'm very excited about it.

Yeah, making the movie.

Everything's being remade.

Look around the room, who else you got?

Oh, oh, it's uh, it's with Jesus.

With an attitude.

That's it.

Jesus, if he was a little light in the loafers.

Yeah, Andy's talking about one of our upcoming guests.

Move on to the- move on to the- We have a lovely lady here.

I can't say anything about it.

Oh really?

Oh my god.

Oh, I'm sorry.

That's not comedy.

Yeah.

What did you just want a beauty pageant?

See, it doesn't work.

You look great.

What do you want of the more attractive people around?

You have to get this insult comedy then.

That of course is Engineer Stephanie or at Stephanie LeBeau .

You can find her at Twitter.

You can find me also at skaakerman at Twitter.

I share in the power of him because I can't afford it.

I couldn't afford the whole account.

Yeah, no you- I still pay 995 a month for AOL.

Is that wrong?

But I get 24 hour uh, service with them.

Really?

Problems?

24 hour?

With my 56K modem.

Hello, Louise.

Louise.

Andy, you're on the Letterman Show.

You're on there about once a month, I would say.

Not once every two months.

Only I would correct my credit downward.

Not quite that often.

And then launch into I'd love to be on more.

Hard to make a living.

Working twice every once every two months.

Let's explain who you are to the listeners.

You're the- That's hanging out with the really unknown person.

You're the Jewish comedian.

Like you do Jewish comedy.

I do a lot of Jewish comedy.

A lot of- it's the undercurrent of how tough it is to be Jewish.

Yes.

I grew up reform in Queens and all my friends were conservative.

Uh huh.

And they're like, oh you won't wear a- you won't wear a Y armaca.

It was very hard.

So you go on to the Letterman Show and you do- basically you're a comedian.

Uh, basically you're a correspondent.

You go out there and you uh- they send- Man on the street.

Yeah, they send you to Space Camp.

The movie, then you know, then they go, oh it would have been better if we sent him to an actual Space Camp.

Right, of course Scott brings up the only thing I did four years ago which is the last time Scott watched me on the show.

They sent you to the Bicentennial celebration, didn't they Andy?

Bicentennial is still a good reference as an old reference joke.

What do you people- I was the first comic to say, what do you people from Twin Peaks?

I was the first comic to say that.

Coincidentally you were also the last.

Uh, but people would also know me, uh they really wouldn't know me I think is the thing.

Well you were- I'm the guy you don't know.

You were on Everybody Loves Rain.

I was on Everybody Loves Rain.

I do want to say that, uh, Intern James came in here very angry, very upset.

He was very upset because I didn't know his name.

It's his last day.

He was, he was, uh, vehement that I, that I give him a shout out on his last day.

He's going back to school.

Uh, he, he, he, he was, he was a little strident for my taste.

Well, shout out doesn't mean you, you scream at him that you didn't get my coffee.

That's not a shout out.

Scott, that's a, that's a scolding shout out.

And shout out.

Yeah, shout out.

I am mistaken on that.

Okay.

I want to welcome my next guest.

Jerry Miner is here.

Hello, Jerry.

Yay.

Give it up.

I'm no Andy Kindler.

Uh, Jerry, you, uh, a little bit about your background.

You were on Saturday Night Live for a little bit.

You were on Lucky Louie for a little bit.

Yes.

Carpoolers.

Yeah.

You're a very funny man.

We've known, I've known you for a long time.

You were on Mr. Show.

Uh huh.

Uh, that's right.

Uh, but you're, uh, from what you tell me, you're not going to be a little bit.

You're not going to be doing comedy anymore.

Is that?

No, I'm, I'm, uh, yeah, I'm doing music now.

Just music.

Yeah.

What?

That doesn't sound like a lie, does it?

Ha ha ha ha.

Yeah.

Uh, music.

What, uh, what changed for you?

Why the switch?

I'm not working.

So nobody wants to hire me doing comedy.

So I might as well do something.

Plus all the other, all the, I just went to audition the other day and I looked, you know, I always look at the list and it's like, okay, who went before me and who, uh, I'm, uh, who's my competition.

I'm going to see the regulars, you know, Julia White.

Sure.

Um, the, the other, the brother, you know, the other brother and growing pains and, and, and cockroach from the Cosby show.

Yeah.

Who I actually did see and who had a mohawk and I'm like, dude, you got to cut your hair.

You're not getting the part with mohawk.

This is not going to work.

Um, and, uh, I saw RZA.

I love Wu-Tang Clan.

But I'm like, RZA.

Yeah.

Right.

RZA is going to, he's going to get my part.

He's a, RZA is a better actor than you.

RZA, yes.

Yeah.

You're a trained actor.

He's a, he's a gentleman who laid down some beats one day.

When you put it that way, I guess he deserves it.

I was going the other way.

But yeah, so all those guys are acting now.

So, um, I, I want a piece.

I want, uh, what's mine?

What's coming to me?

You want to, you want to fill your pockets?

Yeah, oh yeah, with so many dives and nickels.

Some ducats.

Uh, Andy, you have anything to add on this?

You're the co-host.

Sheckles?

No, it's adding, adding in this thing.

The chews take.

Yeah.

Always.

I could plot when I see this guy, huh?

It's good that he got into music, because that's where the money is.

Yep.

Uh, Andy, I saw you driving in.

That looked like an old Jew.

I'm sorry, dude.

Yeah.

I saw, like, I can see your, I can see the thoughts going on.

I can see your internal dialogue.

Is this where I turn here?

No, that's insane.

Why would I turn here?

I'm Mr. McJoo.

Uh, so, uh, so you, this is your debut, right?

I mean, this is kind of...

Well, my radio debut.

Radio debut.

I've been performing this on stage.

We're going to do a live session with you here.

You're going to perform the song live.

I'm going to try.

Um, yeah, I'll do a piece of it.

I'm going to do the whole thing because the song, it does go on for a long time.

And I'll spare the audience.

No, I think, I think you do the whole thing.

Okay.

So, if you want to hear it, they don't want to be spared any kind of, uh, entertainment.

You know, they...

20 minutes of screeching.

All right, so, uh, anything you need to say to set this song up?

I think it's pretty self-explanatory.

It's just, um, you know, it's just my take on music right now.

Okay, great.

All right.

This is Jerry Miner doing a live session on Indie1031 Comedy Death Ring.

Can you hear this?

No.

Yeah.

Can you hear me?

Oh, you know, I don't hear myself in my headphones.

Does that, that would help hear you hear me?

Okay, you just turn, you turn the song off now.

I did because I couldn't hear it.

I mean, it's impossible for me to say.

So you can't hear in, where, where, where are your headphones plugged in to the...

Do you want, do you want mine?

Yeah, yeah.

Switch them up.

Oh, switch them up.

Switch them up.

You want to take my swing?

Dead air.

Sure.

I'll, I'll, I'll riff while you're doing the...

Hey, hey, what's the tells of the news?

All right, here we go.

Jerry Miner, Indie1031.com.

Yeah.

What's up, everybody?

How you doing?

Do you like champagne?

Do you like models?

Do you like rolling on dubs?

Well, here we go.

Hey, Shawn, and look at me.

Super Champagne, the VIP.

I'm doing it up, but the after party.

Yeah.

I'm doing it up, but the after party.

Yeah.

I'm doing it up, but the after party.

Yeah.

I'm doing it up, but the after party.

Hey, Shawn, and look at me.

Super Champagne, the VIP.

I'm doing it up, but the after party.

Now, what are you putting in the soup?

It's water.

Wow.

I saw him at a moose on Frank's a few months ago, and he talks like that.

He was talking to the bartender, and he came over to me.

He goes, can you believe this guy's going to go skydiving?

Wow.

All right, Jerry Meiner, thank you so much for that song.

We're going to have a little more with you a little later.

Andy, you're going to stick around coming up after this song.

Will I Brendan Walsh coming up after Joe?

What does stick around me?

Hello, I'm in Giuseppe.

I got something special for you.

Ready?

Uno, do it, pray.

Once I'm at it, you'll hear me.

I don't know respect.

What do you think you do?

Hey, why are you looking so sad?

Hey, it's a nice and bad.

It's a nice and nice place.

I shut up in your face.

Okay, one time for mama and mama.

What's up?

Hey, why, why, why?

Hey, I'm the first person to ever figure it out.

How do they get tired of that?

Well, the species might be even the people in the background are having trouble enjoying singing along.

This should not be your face.

They had to double it.

Oh my God.

They had to double it.

Just got something on Twitter from Karen Gayer, who says I forgot how long a song shut up you face was.

Hey, come on, Karen Gayer.

What's the matter, you?

Alright, this is comedy death, I'm Scott Ockerman.

We're here with my co-host Andy Kinler, our guest, Jerry Minor.

But let us turn now to our other guest here, Brendan Walsh.

How are you, buddy?

Good.

How are you guys?

Fantastic.

You are a comedian.

You're from Austin, is that correct?

You are a comedian.

I don't know where he needs that.

What do you got, Andy?

I just love the way the velvet sounds of the way you introduce people.

You are a comedian.

Man.

How would you do it?

Let's hear it.

I would say, hey, you're one of the- Hey, hey.

You're dropping the comedy splocks.

What?

You're betting your own slide.

Yeah, you're my own slide.

Brendan, where are you from?

I grew up in Philadelphia.

Okay.

But I lived in Austin.

That's in Pennsylvania, by the way.

Yes, Philadelphia.

Michael Vick.

Oh, my God.

Jerry, we don't say his name.

Okay.

No team.

But you- I saw you first out in Austin.

Yeah, I lived in Austin for 12 years.

And now you're out here?

No, I'm out here.

Well, come on.

Great geography segment.

Oh, Scott.

I hope that in the listeners' mind, they saw the Indiana Jones map, just like his little travel thoughts.

I'm the only- Makes a loop.

I'm the only co-host trying to sabotage the host.

Not the only one I'm making.

Not the only one.

Not the only one, that's right.

So out in Austin, I remember seeing you out there and you were telling me this funny thing about how you were doing fake newspaper ads or what was it you- I used to take- Why used to take fake personal ads out in the paper a lot, just like in that misconnections section.

I love it.

Yeah, yeah.

I saw you on the street corner.

Yeah.

Why you were reading- Right.

Like Moby Dick.

Meat Creek.

Can I give you my Moby Dick?

Yeah, exactly, right.

Oh, no.

Usually, a lot of kids listen to sound.

So I used to do that a lot.

And then one time I had this idea where I took an ad out in the Pets for Adoption section.

Oh, that's a section.

Yeah, you know, like, yeah.

Right, yeah.

Get a kitten or a dog or whatever.

So I took the ad out and the ad I put in was- It said, free beagle puppy will be put to sleep if not adopted soon.

You call this number, right?

And then I got this voicemail number from this, like, pager place.

It was like ten bucks for a year for a voicemail.

So when you called the number, the voicemail you heard was, hey, this is Ron.

If you're called about the puppy, I already killed it.

Anybody else leave a mess.

I thought I would get all these great, angry- Like, I just wanted to have a bunch of people tell me- A collection.

Yeah, just freak it out.

But they did it.

Like, I guess it just took them so off guard.

They had to try people a day called, but nobody left the message.

They just hung out.

And I swear to God, they all made the same noise.

They all went, like, you heard honorable, like, oh, God, like, people losing faith in everything.

But they're hanging out.

Like, I made a town sad for two weeks before my hoaxes.

That's funny.

You're free to talk directly into that, by the way.

I'm sort of getting side-mouth action out of you.

Well, I kind of talk at it.

Yeah, no, but you're talking to me, but yeah, I like that.

That's a great sign.

Okay.

Can I ask the question about that bit?

Jerry, did you do another one with the possum?

No.

Okay.

A possum.

I did not do a possum one.

Somebody did- No, with Craigslist and stuff.

Like, that was before, you know, I had- this was, like, almost ten years ago when I took that out.

Oh, so it was like a real newspaper.

Yeah.

It was a real, yeah, in the free weekly there.

But you used to do practical jokes with other people, though.

I remember you telling me you're a big joker with people.

Yeah, well, I played jokes on myself, too, where one time I got- I got really drunk and thought I had a mouse in my house in Austin, or my- I don't know.

We had- so I had a bunch of mouse traps laying around.

Uh-huh.

And I had this really shitty temp job that I had to go to at, like, seven in the morning.

And drunken Brendan thought it would be hilarious to set a mouse trap and put it on my snooze button.

Come right along.

Sounds like a great idea after a few beers.

I mean, I was so amused with myself that night because I was just- I was doing it- yeah, I don't know.

But the next morning, yeah, it's a real jarring.

Did you actually hit it?

Yeah, I did.

Did I went off on your finger?

Did it break your finger?

No, no, no, no, no.

The mouse traps are nothing.

It was just a mouse trap.

Well, it was a glue trap.

We should do it.

I wish I was a glue trap.

I couldn't type at the place.

That would crummy job.

What else is going on?

I know this is a weird time in the news.

Celebrity deaths are happening.

We guys heard that Gene Hackman died today, right?

What?

No, I made that up today.

What?

That's a good social experiment though.

Everybody loses their shit when you tell them Gene Hackman died.

Huh, yeah.

Across the board.

Like everybody, it happened- the way it started was it was when Buddy Hackett died.

Did he hide?

I was at a party and some drunken lady came up to me and a couple of my friends and said, he's like, did you hear Gene Hackman died today?

And we all got really upset.

And then I figured out, I was like, oh no, wait, Buddy Hack ett died today.

But then I was so amazed.

I was like, why would I get so- it was like you told me like a relative died.

Like I really affected me.

So then I just started doing it at bars.

Like I'd be talking to one of my friends and just in the middle of the conversation, I go, what?

Gene Hackman died today?

And I swear to God, just try it.

Go next time you're out.

Say it loud enough.

Within 20 seconds, people will start approaching you and asking you about like where you heard it and- Yeah, I mean, I guess people care about Gene Hackman, huh?

They really do.

I mean, the French connection.

What if his daughter was in the audience of a comedy club?

He was doing a joke like that.

Do you think that that's a particularly nice thing to do?

For that moment, Gene Hackman's daughter would think that you were joking about her dead dad.

Do you think that's- is that what you call comedy?

Down in the West End?

That's not real.

Mr. Joey Polite.

That's right.

I like comedy as much as the next guy who likes horrible comedy.

And I just think that you should be more careful.

And if you ever told a joke about someone and it turns out they're in the audience?

No, I'm always scared about that because I always- I've seen it actually happen live.

To me?

Yeah, you have not- Oh, to the front of us in the crowd one day.

My mom actually said to me the other day, I was making fun of- Lano and she goes, I look so- His new show looks so sad.

Why don't you ease up on him?

My mom says- My mom says the show looks sad.

Because you have a long history with Lano.

You don't like J. Lano very much.

I'm not a big fan.

He knows when you talk about him.

He's one of those guys.

Like Gene Hackman might know that you- Do that bit.

Yeah.

He might.

Has he ever tried to contact you on Twitter?

Has that Gene Hackman ever said- Yeah, I don't think that man's on Twitter.

I did think about writing him a letter though and telling him- That you do the bit?

Yeah, but I told Paul F. Tonk is about that and he was like , yeah, I'm sure he'd like to hear that there's some jokes off going on.

Yeah, yeah.

Don't ever ask Paul F. Tonk about anything if it's a good idea.

Paul, you think this is a good idea?

He will deflate you.

He deflated me about a joke I did once.

I couldn't have to do the joke again.

Okay, let's hear it.

The joke was, you know, like these stores are always trying to get you into buy stuff.

Hey, it's President's Day.

Come on in.

You know, Lincoln would have won a nice card against whatever he was alive.

So I said once I woke up and it said- Oh, Fry says Happy Mother's Day.

You know, and I said, oh yeah, nothing better than it says Happy Mother's Day than when buying your mom in an external firewire hard drive.

And then Paul was like, oh, right.

Your mother couldn't- wouldn't have any electronic equipment.

Right.

It's horrible.

Is it joke-tarble?

Yeah.

What he said?

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

All right, we're going to come back with more with these three.

Brendan Walsh is here.

Andy Kinler is here.

Jerry Miner is here after this.

Come to the 3D-101-101.

Come, Mary-Khal.

Mary-Khal.

In the 1013-1, that is from the United States.

In the 1013-1, that is from Team America.

Team America.

That reminds me of the Vandals who do that song.

Engineer Joe is in that band.

And I want to give a big congratulations to the lead singer , not Joe, for getting married in the past couple of weeks.

I'm going to see him on Sunday at his big party.

That'll be fun.

Or Saturday.

I believe it's Saturday.

One little ad.

This Tuesday at Comedy Death Day of the Live show Aziz Ans ari, The Scalar Brothers, Chris Hardwick, Nick Kroll, and more.

Only $5 go to UCBtheatre.com.

And coming up Sunday, September 6, Comedy Death Day is monthly residency.

It's Santa Family at the Silent Movie Theatre.

It continues every month.

The comedian shows their favorite comedy, and we talk about it.

Hosted by me this month.

Paul F. Tomkin shows Pee Wee's Big Adventure, just in time for Pee Wee to come back on the stage, along with Free Beer and Hot Dogs.

This is one night at the cinema.

It's not Silent Movie.

Wee's Big Adventure.

Why would you have it at the Silent Movie Place?

There's no sound there.

Shut up.

They just turned around.

Seriously, seriously.

And you had to play that guy who plays the piano for an hour during them before the thing?

You won't want to miss.

I wasn't going to be in there.

I wouldn't know that they won't let me in there.

It's true.

Yeah.

It's true.

Jerry is black.

We want to establish that to the listener.

Also, he's annoying.

That's probably why.

Well, I had a gun.

They have separate but equal popcorn.

Let me just say, go to SantaFamily.org for tickets to that.

Alright, so it's time for one of our most popular features here on the show.

This is Would You Rather?

Oh, great fanfare.

Alright, this is...

It's time for Would You Rather?

The theme song gets longer and longer each week.

How come it doesn't build any excitement?

Alright, let me explain this to you guys.

This is the basic Would You Rather game.

I'm sure you've played it throughout your life.

What I do is I take suggestions.

We can turn that off, I believe.

I take suggestions on my Twitter account every week.

Well, not every week, actually, but it's at Scott Ockerman.

I opened the floodgates yesterday and I got hundreds and hundreds of Would You Rather's.

I take the best of them.

I actually got enough for the next few weeks, so don't bother sending me any.

So cut it out.

Wow.

No, but just in 12 hours, I got hundreds and hundreds of them.

That's nice.

And they're all really funny.

No, I don't want to be impolite to the...

They've got to know.

Just stop it.

Just stop following a little.

No, no, no, it's not what I'm trying to say.

Turn it out.

We don't want to be more computer-optimized.

Yeah, please.

Scott, people shouldn't have submitted.

So here's how it's going to work.

I am going to read one of these and then I'm going to open the floor for questions.

You then are free to ask as many questions as you like until I close the floor and then we are going to one by one vote on which you would rather do.

Is that clear?

Wait, wait, don't tell me.

All right, so the first one comes from Graham J.M.

Graham J.M. and he asks, would you rather get a small cut on your hand or have your hand cut off and replaced with a hook?

The floor is open for questions.

That's a bit of a softball.

I'm willing to answer any questions about this particular scenario you have.

Do I get to do material about my hook?

That is a great question.

Andy Kinler asks, will he get to do hook related material on stage?

Yes.

No, unfortunately, you are barred from that.

No, if it's not going to help my hand.

Don't vote yet.

I'm still taking questions.

Sorry about that.

Do I get a million dollars from my hand getting cut off?

Jerry Miner asks, do I get a million dollars?

I would assume from Workman's Com insurance, some sort of thing like that.

That is a great question.

You're able to do it.

Now, why would a pirate want to chop off your hand and have you have a hook?

I don't know.

I just associate him with...

Oh, yes.

Does he want you to look like him?

He's a weirdo.

He's got some sort of fetishist that wants everyone in the world to look.

He wants to only have sex with people who look like himself .

He wants to give him a hook job.

Scott gets really far into the Com range.

Is there more to this question than...

Is that the same?

You're able to ask questions about it.

But let me answer Jerry's question first.

Yes, hand in hand with getting your hand chopped off.

If you have insurance currently, I don't know whether you do.

Do you have insurance currently?

He's for the public option.

Yeah, I'm paying.

Then, yes, you do get probably in the area of one million dollars for this.

Okay.

Brendan, do you have any questions?

Is there more to this than...

I mean, I think clearly I would rather have a small cut on my hand.

Don't vote yet, Brendan.

That is not how you play.

You know what?

I'm so sorry.

Let him vote before he gets on the information.

Is his fault?

Oh, I don't know.

He gets the government.

He deserves.

No one has asked any questions about the small cut on the hand.

Is there a...

I find that bizarre.

What's the small cut on the hand caused by it?

Were they cutting baloney or AIDS blood with the hand or the knife?

That is a great question.

That really is a great question.

They are cutting AIDS blood.

No.

It's actually a paper cut.

Oh, I made a paper cut.

Would you mind sharing the AIDS blood?

Don't vote, Garth, that AIDS blood.

Okay, so when did AIDS get to be so hilarious?

I'm about to shut down the floor for questions.

If you have anything else, you want to ask it now before I shut the floor.

Anything?

All right, the floor is shut.

We're now going to votes coming here on my immediate left.

Brendan Walsh?

Um, I think I'll stick with the small cut.

Small cut on the hand, Andy Kindler.

I will go with the...

I'd rather have the hook.

Rather have the...

And why is that?

I just think it's new and interesting.

And you're not allowed to do material about it though.

No, I just think it's something that would be good at parties.

You'd never say I couldn't talk about it at parties.

Oh!

Damn it.

Why didn't I get that in?

I'm not a minor.

What do you vote?

Small cut.

Small cut on the hand.

All right, that is how...

Our first round is over.

We have a prize to give out.

Yes, engineer Joe has a prize.

It's a hook for Andy.

We're going to chop up your head.

We have a 103.1 Elgato sticker.

And that goes to Andy.

Oh, for losing?

Congratulations.

No, you won.

Oh, I won.

I was right?

You won that round.

Wait a minute.

How is there a right or wrong?

This is what I won.

I never said that he was right or wrong.

He just won that round.

Oh, okay.

I've been wanting this Elgato sticker.

I know you're new, but come on.

Try to figure out how we play this game.

Savahamente Kubero.

All right, here we go.

This is round two.

Are you guys ready?

Mm-hmm.

Star Stu writes, would you rather spend three years alone on a lunar mining rig or let dick chaney breathe on your face for 30 minutes straight?

All right, the floor is open.

Would you rather spend three years alone on a lunar mining rig or let dick chaney breathe on your face?

What did chaney eat?

What was he eating?

Great question.

See, that is textbook, would you rather?

Jerry Miner slips in, gets in the most important question right away.

Babies?

He's evil, man.

He's the American dream.

What did you eat for lunch?

What did I eat today?

It depends on what you ate.

Because you're eating together.

Oh, okay.

Today I had some sausages.

Where did you eat?

Did you eat at home?

At home.

And you made the sausages?

I did.

And are they spicy sausages?

A little bit.

Okay, that is what he was eating because you shared with him.

Okay, so spicy sausages.

Well, then I wouldn't be able to smell it because it's in my own mouth.

Don't.

I'm just...

Andy Quinnler, I recognize Andy Quinnler.

Yeah, I just want to...

I don't have a question, but I just want to say there's nothing wrong with my lunar mining rig.

Am I right, ladies?

Just with me.

I hate that.

It's not necessarily a question, but we will accept that.

We will accept that.

Let's just say I'm ready to land on any surface.

What?

How long?

Even the cradery surface.

Yeah, especially the cradery.

All right.

How long do you have to be on the lunar mining rig?

See, that is not good.

Would you rather play?

I have to say you're asking questions that have already been established in the process.

I have to say that is a slop in the setup.

I have a...

That was three years.

That's okay.

Yeah, I just wanted to make sure that was the time.

You shouldn't be ridiculed, though.

I shouldn't.

I just needed to be refreshed of what the question was.

Now, can I bring some slots with me to the lunar mining rig ?

That is a great question.

See, now you have turned it around.

You've asked a great question from your poor play from just one minute earlier.

The innocent.

Can you bring slots with you?

Yes.

No, you cannot.

Oh.

But a great question.

Yeah, I know that's important.

Again, that really was.

Who else has anything?

Anything about the lunar mining rig?

What is a lunar mining rig?

That's where you go up to the moon.

Did you see Armageddon?

Yeah, well, yeah, not recently, though.

Okay.

Refresh yourself.

Next time we play, would you rather with you?

All right, any other questions here?

I'm about to shut the floor.

The floor is shut.

All right, we're going to vote now starting with Andy Kin ler in the center.

As much as I despise Cheney, I have to go with him breathing on me because I don't want to be up in the lunar thing.

Now, you're just bragging about your lunar expedition.

Yeah, but wait, was that an analogy?

Yeah, I just want to...

Yeah, I was using...

Right, lunar mining rig is a metaphor for it.

All right, Jerry Miner to his left, my right.

Oh, definitely got to have Cheney breathing on me.

Cheney breathing in.

Why do you pick that?

I just want to know what comes out of him.

Why, what are you expecting to come out of him?

I don't know.

You don't know.

Interesting.

All right.

That's true.

We have not established what comes out of his mouth.

That was not a question you asked.

So my face could get burned off, but this I saw.

All right, Brendan, what do you vote?

I'm going to the moon, baby.

Going to the moon and why is that?

Because it's the moon.

You get to go to outer space.

I mean, you have to travel there so I get to look out the window, the spaceship, and then I'd be left alone for three years and I get to come back.

I mean, there's a time limit.

There's a time limit.

I get to bring all these sluts with me.

No, no, no, no.

I'm seeing you in that.

Okay, I wasn't paying attention.

That is poor play.

I'm going to the moon.

He's going to the moon.

All right.

Brendan thinks this is going to happen for real.

That's our second round.

We have a prize, Joe.

Do we have a prize?

Who books that lunar moon gig?

All right.

Our prize to triple.

We have a prize for that round.

It is an indie, no, sorry.

It is a 103.1 Elgato sticker and that goes to Jerry Minor.

Jerry Minor wins that round.

It's the same thing he got.

Same thing he got.

You want to trade?

Yeah, I like yours, but...

We may have a different prize in the next round, so keep on your toes.

Okay, keep on your toes.

Okay, round three.

Here we go.

M-T-oh, man, this is impossible.

M-T-A-R-S-V-S-C-I-S.

Oh, M-T-A-R-S-I-S-I-S.

Yeah, okay.

He writes, and this is a thinker.

Would you rather be in jail or be a jail?

Mm-hmm.

Ah, interesting.

Ah, alright, I'm opening.

Who wrote this?

Sartre.

I'm opening the floor for questions now.

Yes.

Alright.

Oh, you got to jump in there, guys.

Why do people feel the need to be overly clever when they bring these?

And isn't that just like, Jakob Smirnoff back in Russia?

You stay in jail.

Here you are, age jail.

That's over my head, Scott.

That's over your half point.

You have no questions?

No, no, I mean, I'm...

Is it specific to the jail or why you went to jail?

But you could be a person, be a jail?

Is it like emotional?

Is that your question?

Yes.

Can a person be a jail?

Yes.

In the...

Not really.

In this scenario.

Terrible question.

No, a person is not a jail.

Oh, I would be a jail.

Yes.

You would be a sentient jail cell.

Okay.

No, no, I'm sorry.

You would be an entire jail, not just a cell.

You would have many cells within you.

Ooh, I'm so glad.

Much like a human does.

It has many cells.

You might see me on MSNBC lock up.

Much like an animated movie.

Many cells in that as well.

All right, any questions?

I got it.

Okay, Jerry Miner.

No, I don't have any questions.

What?

Well, have you made up your mind already?

Okay.

I'm not asking anything about the...

Are the Nazi low-riders in my jail?

Because I don't want them there.

Okay, is that...

Black real family fine.

MS-13 in the Mexican Mafia fine.

Okay, but the Nazi low-riders.

Nazi low-riders, no.

Let me ask you for just a bit of specifics.

Do you mean that when you're in jail or when you are a jail ?

When I am a jail.

When you are a jail.

I'm assuming in jail all the gangs would be there.

I have no control over that.

But as myself, do I have control over the different factions that come into my jail?

Okay, that is a great question, Jerry.

And thank you for asking.

And thank you for being the first out of these three to ask a reasonable question.

Oh, wow.

Welcome to the question.

Yes, sir.

Jerry, you are allowed one gang that you do not have to have in your body.

So yes, the Nazi low-riders, if that is the gang that you choose, is not inside your body.

Okay.

All right, very good.

Any other questions?

We're running out of time.

Can I load up the jail with sluts?

That is a great question, Brendan.

In either situation.

In the situation where you are a jail, the sluts are not allowed.

But when you are in jail, the sluts are allowed and there are no other prisoners.

Wow.

It is just you and sluts.

So that is how you play the game because you would not have known that information had you not asked that question.

Thank you, Dungeon Master.

I have one more.

Yes, Andy.

Can I be a jail from the 30s so I can hear old dialogue from those movies?

Hey, Fada.

You're going down that last mile, Fada.

That is a great question.

Yes, of course you can.

Thank you so much for asking.

Yes, you can be any time buried.

Any time period that has existed already, you cannot be from the future.

We should establish that.

So you can go back into the past and become a jail cell.

You cannot go into the future.

All right.

So I am about to close down questions unless you get another one in.

How many?

No, it's okay.

All right.

I have closed questions.

We're now going to vote starting with Jerry Miner.

Jerry Miner.

Oh, I definitely want to be a jail.

You want to be a jail and why is that?

I want to have people inside.

All right, Brendan.

Criminal.

I'm going to be locked up in slut jail.

You're going to be in slut jail.

Why is that?

Because there's sluts there.

But you have all your freedom taken away from you.

Well, is that really the only freedom that you want is the freedom to have sex with sluts?

No.

You get no TV privileges.

You didn't ask about the TV privileges.

Oh.

And that is an important part of this.

I just can't wrap my head around being a jail.

So.

Oh, all right.

Well, some people just don't get it.

I just don't get it.

Brendan, you did not think it through.

You did not think it through.

Andy Kenler, we're going to have you vote.

I would like to be a jail in Mayberry.

Because in the 50s.

Yeah, because all you have old is the town drunk and then you get to have Ampee bring the pies down there and then Don Nott has some good dialogue.

Every six months you get Ernest T in there.

Ernest D.

Ernest D. Bass.

All right.

Do we have a prize for that round?

Oh, God.

I certainly hope not.

Yes, we have a 103.1 El Gato sticker.

Wow.

And that goes to Jerry Miner.

You're a runner.

Wow.

Are these rub offs?

All right.

We have one last one.

One last round.

Okay, Brendan, you have to get on the board.

I know.

I don't know what's happening.

You got to get on the board.

You played well in that last round, but you did not win.

How does that feel?

It's almost like you're the Pittsburgh Steelers.

I don't know.

I have no idea what I'm saying.

It's kind of like a Brendan Walsh.

Yeah.

Just that close.

That was a minimal effort and fail.

All right.

We have one more.

This is from Rick Muscles.

Rick Muscles.

Oh, he's good.

All right.

I got his ab machine.

Is everyone ready?

Would you rather get caught masturbating by your grandmother?

Yes, I'm sorry.

Or get caught masturbating by your granddaughter.

Oh, we're at the floor.

Hold on.

The floor is not open.

Okay.

Brendan, this is part of the problem with your play, with your gameplay.

I'm the only one with a granddaughter here.

The floor is just a little quest on for me.

These guys don't have children with children.

I apologize.

My children's children are currently being introduced to Michael Jackson's music.

All right.

I have now opened the floor.

All right.

I'm ready for questions.

Well, what?

Okay.

Andy jumps into my question is what kind of emotional problems is Eddie Muscles have that he would answer a question like that?

Sammy Muscles.

All right.

Do you want me to answer that?

Yes.

All right.

He was molested as a young boy.

That thing is Charles Atlas.

He's very interested in that kind of behavior.

Okay.

He's in just sexualizing young young people.

Thanks for clearing that up.

Charles Atlas.

Well, he has Charles Atlas.

But a globe of his eyes.

Is that that thought about you in the back of comics?

All right, Andy.

Any other questions?

I have a lock.

Can he lock his door?

I mean, seriously.

What's wrong with you?

Yeah.

Grandmother, your granddaughter is in the house.

You're like, you're lucky.

Lock your door.

All right.

Yes.

Is there a friend?

How old is the granddaughter and is she attractive?

Ah, great question.

Great question.

That's not a good question, Scott.

That is a great question.

That is not a great question.

All right.

I'm related.

The grand, the granddaughter is seven years old.

Oh, okay.

And she is not fully developed yet.

And so I would not care to say whether she's attractive or not.

Right.

Because I died.

The weird stuff, but it makes me sound like a weird up question.

Yeah, you said not fully developed.

I mean, I don't want to hear it here.

I was not an every year.

Well, here's the second question.

Okay.

When my grandmother catches me, she also masturbating when she walks over.

That is a C-brand in business.

You're back on the board now.

This is how you play.

The reason she walks in is because she hears you masturb ating.

So she's masturbating while she walks in in anticipation of it.

She's got her house coat all pulled up.

Didn't you open for the masturbating grandma?

Well, when you first started, I'm surprised you remember that.

That's what I had a different look.

Man, she was on every talk show for hilarious.

I thought she was great.

She's been calling Ellen.

Andy, any questions from you?

You haven't jumped in yet.

I'm just second by the whole guy.

Jerry, you haven't jumped in with him.

What do you have?

I have not.

How old is my grandma?

That is another great question.

She is seven years old as well.

Through some weird time loop technology, she is seven years old and she hears you masturbating and walks in masturbating yourself.

Does she know I'm a grandson or is this going to be some kind of cosmic shock?

Does she know you're a grandson?

Does she know I'm a grandson?

Oh, oh, oh, yeah.

Oh, a future grandson?

No, she has no knowledge of that.

That's why she's so turned on.

All right.

So I love sci-fi.

Do you mean the network?

Yeah, just the network.

I'm going to be on there next week.

So I wanted to follow.

All right.

Any other questions here in this scenario?

Do we have it straight?

Your granddaughter is seven years old.

Your grandmother is seven years old.

And is in a weird time loop.

They're both masturbating.

No, they're not both.

Oh, Brendan, you keep messing.

You slipped up.

Can we be arrested here in the studio?

It's my question.

Oh.

All right.

I'm closing the floor.

Well, while she's on my left, how vote ye?

I will vote to be caught by my grandmother.

And why is that?

Because she...

Well, they're both seven, you said.

Uh-huh.

But she is very turned on and does not know that you're...

I'm out there.

You voted already so you need to justify it.

Well, just because I wouldn't want to expose somebody...

I just don't want my granddaughter catching me.

Okay.

Because she knows who you are and that would be weird for her.

That's, yeah, yeah.

And your grand mother...

And your grand mother doesn't know who you are, but she grows up with that in her mind.

And that...

So then it turns her into a weirdo.

And that's why she's probably so weird to you when she's old.

Because she remembers you.

Okay, great vote.

All right, Andy.

Well, I just want to say if his granddaughter doesn't know him, that is the worst introduction I've never heard of him on my entire life.

I have to go with grandmother because I have a...

I have morals, Scott.

I'm a moral man.

Great, great.

Jerry?

I actually say grandmother too.

And here's why.

Okay.

My grandmother's hot.

My grandmother was dead by the time I was born.

Okay.

So I never have to deal with the...

The ramifications.

Uneasiness.

Right.

Of seeing her because by the time I'm born...

Plus she doesn't know.

Plus you want to get to know her.

Like, as an adult, you want to know what she's like.

Exactly.

She's got a huge experience with her.

And I did because of this time loop thing.

I got to know my grandma.

Yeah.

Not a sweet.

Yeah.

Not a sweet.

All right.

Well, we are closing this round.

Do we have a prize?

No.

Ah, yes we do.

Okay.

Playboy's sexy nude college girls magazine.

Very good.

And that is the prize to the winner.

Can I trade my prizes in?

You cannot, but the winner is Jerry mine.

Oh, yeah.

There you go.

Jerry, you won three times this game.

That was impressive.

No, Brendan?

No, Brendan's not allowed to have a prize.

I'm married, so I can't bring that home.

All right.

And that is...

Is Brendan married?

No.

That is how you play...

Oh, you can have it, man.

Would you rather...

Thank you.

I still am not clear on how you play would you rather, but I'm sorry for messing it all up.

Your theme song.

All right.

That is how you play.

That is how you play would you rather.

That was fun, right?

I loved it.

All right.

We're going to go to a song.

This is one of Weird Al's new songs.

Oh, I thought we were going to do CNR, is it?

Okay.

Let's see that one.

This is CNR.

Would you rather...

Not would you rather.

This is Weird Al Yankovic.

We're coming right back with Comedy Death Ray, Indie 103.

Hey, we're back.

This is Comedy Death Ray.

That is Weird Al Yankovic with one of his new songs from his new Internet, Leaks EP, which is out.

Just came out on Tuesday.

It just came out?

Just came out?

Okay, good.

Friend of the show, Weird Al Yankovic.

Oh, I'm sorry, man.

That's what I'm saying.

Here's an announcement.

Oh, Canada.

Vancouver fans get ready for this year's Comedy Death Ray.

That is Thursday, September 24th of the Vogue downtown with Andy Dick, Paul of Tompkins, Reggie Watts, Maria Bamford, not Andy Kindler.

Plus more we're working on right now.

About on that show?

You're not on that show?

I'm so sorry.

You won't want to miss it.

Tickets are at ComedyFest.com.

I won't want to miss it either.

You're going to have to miss it.

I'm so sorry.

But the listener won't want to miss it either.

Why wouldn't you book me on the show like that?

You weren't on one of them.

Okay, good.

Tickets at ComedyFest.com.

That's pretty simple to remember.

ComedyFest.com, right?

We're also, this is pretty exciting.

It sounds like we're going to be doing a live broadcast from Vancouver of this show.

The Coove.

On September 25th.

We're still trying to put it together, but we'll be doing a live broadcast from Vancouver.

We'll be fantastic.

You should do it from that motel room when they found that dude that killed it.

Yeah, we should.

We should get some of that DNA evidence.

Richard Jenkins, what is it?

Yeah, Richard Jenkins from the visitor.

He killed...

You know, I'm in Vancouver.

You understand that I'm already going to be up there, right ?

I'm up there.

I'm really flying.

I don't think this show is for you.

All right.

It's time.

We didn't do this last week and I got some complaints.

But it's time for our entourage recap.

Let me set the scene of what this is.

Every week I watch entourage because a lot of people don't get to see it.

They record it on their DVRs and it piles up and they have so many episodes to watch and they just can't get through it.

What I do is I watch entourage for you and then I recap everything that happened on that week's episode.

It's a little something that we call the entourage recap.

So young!

The worst theme song ever, ever.

I'm about to give the recap.

I don't remember.

Yeah, I don't remember what happened.

Johnny, try one of those.

There we go.

All right.

That was the entourage recap.

Say yeah!

All right, Brendan, we're here with Brendan Walsh, Andy Kin ler and Jerry Miner.

How you guys doing?

Jerry Miner stepped on your bed.

I did not know.

I didn't know.

That's all right.

If I knew what the bits were, if I got some kind of briefing or something beforehand.

Well, kind of personal, I had to do that.

He stepped on your bed.

Yeah, what kind of co-host are you?

I know.

But I did though.

I felt like I felt lousy.

No, that's all right.

We're coming to you from Los Angeles.

It is a sweltering day.

Hot enough for you guys.

Is it hot enough for you?

I don't want to say it's hot.

But no, seriously, I don't want to say it.

You don't want to say it?

Okay, please don't.

Brendan, is it hot enough for you?

It's definitely hot enough for me.

There's a mess?

Take it back.

I brought it from talk to the rarer.

There's a homeless guy that is hags out in front of the 7- Eleven here in my house.

Really?

Yeah, there's a handful.

But there's a wide, you know, I give him a fuck here and there.

I were talking about the heat and the weather and I asked him if he knew what the weather is supposed to be like tomorrow.

And he said, inescapable.

You can't get away from it.

He's always the same forecast from that guy.

Yeah, it's always on him.

He's just an up-up.

You're asking about life.

What's life going to be like tomorrow?

Inescapable.

Abressive.

That's funny.

So yeah.

Who does that song?

Who does that?

Change the diction.

No.

Seriously?

It was from their reunited phase when they had a different bass player.

Does James addiction?

Yeah, they put out a really bad record and that was the ent ourage named song.

Oh, terrible.

I want to welcome our next guest.

This is Cyberthug.

Yeah, what's up?

Cyberthug.

How are you, man?

What's up, you normal individuals?

Normal.

I'm going to go on the internet and make myself famous individual assholes.

Yeah.

Cyberthug, where did we meet?

Refresh my memory.

On the internet, man.

That's right.

Which I took over.

Yeah, because there were so many amateurs and wannabes on the internet.

I mean, that's what's happening these days, Scott.

Is that...

Explain what you do.

What is Cyberthug's ammo, modus operandi?

I'm working in the entertainment industry, all right?

I know what an AD is.

All right?

Sure.

Most of these people now, you know, we got this YouTube and I was bullshit.

Wait, YouTube.

Everybody thinks they're the start.

No, YouTube.

Right, YouTube the band.

Yes, exactly.

It's my favorite band.

You do the band.

Okay, okay, we can make jokes.

We can make jokes all day.

We can get down to the real business.

All right, let's get down to real business.

We haven't so far.

Cyberthug, what is it you do?

Explain to people.

I go on the internet and show people what real production is all about.

Okay.

You know...

What does that mean?

I make...

I've been doing a video blog.

All right?

It's got a vlog.

You didn't know what that is, right?

For those of you who are not technically proficient.

It's a video web blog called a vlog.

A vlog.

Exactly.

And I go on and I talk about, you know, the different bullshit or whatever that's going on, you know, within the day.

But also, I just show up all these amateurs.

Yeah.

No, because this is not...

What do you mean by amateurs?

Amateurs, all these people on YouTube like, oh, I'm going to talk about my cat or I don't like this religion or whatever, you know?

It's bullshit.

Right.

You know, entertainment has been happening for years.

Why do you need to go on and try to entertain yourselves?

You're stupid.

I'm trying to wrap my mind around this.

You say you show them up.

How do you show them up?

What's superior...

With superior, what do you call it?

Production value.

Oh, okay.

I know how to produce a show.

I work in show business.

Right.

You know what I'm saying?

I know directors.

I know what cut means.

And action.

You know what I'm saying?

Like the camera.

Exactly.

These people on the internet, they're not doing that.

They just press a button and start talking.

No, that's not the way it works.

You have a crew.

You have lines.

Do you make script?

Do you make videos?

Is that what you're trying to say you do?

Yeah, that's what you want to put it.

That's a simple way of putting it.

So wait, you're another guy making videos on the internet?

No, no, no.

Yeah, no.

Wait, yeah, or no.

Hold on.

You agreed with me there for a second.

No, you're proving my point.

Oh, oh, I'm just about any Joe Blow, Smow, Fancy Dude, sitting in the suburbs.

Oh, I'd like to drink pop and now I'm going to sit down in front of a camera.

What is that?

Okay.

You need a clapper.

You need one of those things that go in front of the camera .

You know, in my last video I was like, I show people residual check.

Do you even know what this is?

I got $5 for doing nothing.

Doing nothing, man, for something I did years ago.

That's show business.

And you have videos where you just show residual checks.

Yeah.

And you turn on the clapper.

You do the clapper thing.

Look, okay.

Do you include that in your videos?

I know you think that show business is magic, right?

I do.

The images that come off TV are like, oh, how is that happening?

Are people behind masks or something?

I mean, what?

Behind masks?

Yeah.

You think people put on masks and like, that's how TV shows are.

Exactly.

I always thought.

No.

It's makeup.

I've never really wondered if, while I was watching a TV show, if every actor was wearing a mask.

Why did I?

Oh, you did.

I got into production.

You wondered if people were wearing masks.

I thought it was magic just like you, Scott.

Okay.

And then I went and I saw and I got into the business and I became an actor and I learned my lines.

What have you been in?

You say you got residual checks, you're an actor?

What have you been in?

You know, I've been in a lot of stuff, man.

You know, just name the shows.

Uh, Jack?

No.

Okay.

Well, uh...

But, DAG, yes.

David Allen Greer.

That's right.

Just short lifts a comp.

Sure.

I was the security...

I was the security guard in that.

Uh, no.

Unfortunately, I'm not getting residuals from that.

Uh, fortunately.

Uh, unfortunately.

Uh, okay.

But, um, but I do get residuals.

You know, where can people see your videos?

Uh, I went right to the source.

I went right to where all the bullshit was happening.

All right.

Where's that?

Where's the...

On YouTube.

Wait, YouTube, the band?

Okay.

This is...

So, so what do people look up when they want to see your videos?

You can look up Cyberthug.

Cyberthug, and describe one of your videos for these people .

You know, when I first started, uh, you know, it was about like, I used to talk when, when, um, Rosie O'Donnell and Donald Trump was having a feud.

I was on Rosie O'Donnell's side.

Okay.

All right.

You know, so I talked about that.

And why is that better than anyone else talking about Rosie O'Donnell?

Because of my superior production value, I keep telling you , I have edit.

You should see it.

It's weird stuff like, I'll have all of a sudden it'll be black and white.

Now be like, what just happened?

And I'm aware of what happened.

But you, you don't know as the viewer, you're like, oh my God, did we go back in time?

I'm like, no.

Did they put masks on?

Exactly.

Like, no, idiot, it's through the magic of, of, of production, of production value.

So you got to know what you're doing.

What do you use?

Final Cut Pro, Final Cut Professional?

What do you want?

Windows Movie Maker Home.

Oh, really?

Windows Movie Maker End.

And you know what?

People criticize me.

I've seen little comments, I've seen you little comments on YouTube by the way, but all the little snide comments for people who's going like, oh, you 're a credit to your race.

And I was like, it's pretty mean.

Pretty mean.

That doesn't sound mean.

Or people are saying like, oh, that's Windows Movie Maker, I can tell.

Okay.

All right.

So you got a little bit of knowledge.

Okay.

Oh, you got me.

All right.

I use Excel to edit.

I've been thinking about trying to get into that.

All right.

Or PowerPoint or whatever.

All right, CyberThug.

I'm not a genius.

I'm not a technical genius, but I've been in the business long enough to know how a production should be done.

All right.

We'll direct our listeners to that.

Cyber Thug on YouTube.

Tell them to stop making videos.

Just stop.

Just stop making videos.

Yeah.

If you're a professional, don't get off the internet.

We don't need you.

Okay.

We need talent.

All right.

Do you have services too?

You know what that is?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah, man.

Jelly beans.

All right.

Well, thank you, CyberThug, for coming on and talking about this.

Thank you, Scott.

I think that's going to be it for the show this week.

We're going to wrap everything up.

Oh, no, we shouldn't end that way.

We should hit you want to end on a high note?

You should end on a higher note.

All right.

Let's do a song and then come back.

Let's do Trek 6.

We'll come right back.

Sorry to go long, but we'll, uh, here we go.

Oh, I'm too geeful.

The end.

Siral Connolly.

No, Sime Conolly.

Oh.

Siral Connolly.

That is a quiet answer.

Was that Monty Python?

That was Monty Python.

Oh, so you think you're a big shot now because you know Monty Python.

I'll put Monty Python on the end.

People think we're classy.

Come on, Andy.

Where you gotta go?

I don't know why I'm so mean to know what is going on.

Hey, tell you what, what if we did this?

Monty will give you an opportunity.

You haven't done a lot of material on this show.

Oh, I thought I was.

We're going to give you an opportunity to do one of the Kindler classics.

Well, this is a new one.

I have something new.

Out of the stick.

A new classic.

Classic.

You know that the radio shack has changed its name to the shack.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Which we're really increased business because I got all my electronic equipment at Thatchtot.

I bought a, I bought a lot of stuff at Lean 2.

But also Radiohead is now just changed its name to head.

Oh, really?

But going the other way, Shaquille O'Neal is not going to be Radio Shackille O'Neal.

That's it.

That's my new bet.

Out of the bet.

Andy and Leer, hot off the brain presses.

A shack.

I like it.

I was actually trying, I was thinking of that bit because I passed a Radio Shack on my way here and I went, oh, there's a comedian who does a funny Radio Shack bit, but I couldn't remember it was you.

Anyway.

Which is the story of my career.

That's going to be it for this week.

Let's let me thank my guests in order.

Jerry Minor, what do you have coming up?

You didn't know that question was coming, did you?

The Cleveland show.

Oh, Funny or Die.

Funny or Die.

Funny or Die's HBO show.

Oh, yeah.

I guess it's end of this month.

End of this month it's coming on.

What is, what do you play on that?

Bank robber.

Do you find that you want to break out of that type of stereotype with your acting roles or?

That one, I won't give away anything, but yeah.

All right, Andy Kinler, what do you have?

I'm actually going to be acting on a show called The Wizards of Waverly Place on the Disney Channel.

Oh.

So it's a kid show, but I play a kid.

What do you play?

I play Chancellor Rudy.

You don't play, wait, you don't play a kid.

I do not play a kid.

Give me a giant lollipop and short pants.

They have kids.

Kids now play kids now.

The kids play kids now.

That's a big problem in society, kids playing kids.

Chancellor Rudy, tutti, tutti.

So I'm going to be on the other side.

It's fun.

All right, we can look for that.

Brendan Walsh, what do you have?

I'll be at Spaceland Sunday night with Neil Hamburger.

Oh, that's going to be a good show.

That's for LA listeners.

Spaceland.

You doing a new traveling, any shows?

I do.

I have a couple festivals.

Andy, any shows?

I'll be up in the Vancouver comedy festival.

I guess I won't be doing comedy.

That's right up there.

I'm not sure about that.

But I will be up in that area.

I'll be doing my own shows, I guess.

That is going to wrap it up for comedy death rate this week .

Next week I have at least two Saturday night live cast members.

Present?

Past?

We don't know.

But I'll have at least two going for three.

You have one today?

I had one today and we talked about it.

You don't have to snarl at me.

I got fired, you know.

Yeah.

We want to say thank you to intern...

James.

Intern James.

I almost said intern Pete.

That is it.

It's keeping kind of hard to believe things are going to get better.

I've been drowning too long to believe that the tide's going to turn.
