The following episode of Comedy Bang Bang was recorded before the news that this week's community premiere would be postponed.

So do not watch NBC this Friday night no matter what.

One of the stars of the great NBC show community is here with us this week.

You know Gillian Jacobs.

You know what we have to talk about.

We're going to get into it.

Plus of course our good friend Gary Marshall is on the show and another new to the show guest all of that more on today's.

Is it comedy bang bang in here or is it just this podcast welcome to comedy bang bang.

Ah good catchphrase.

Thank you Mike Sebastian.

Is it comedy bang bang in here or is it just this podcast if you have a catchphrase emission.

Go fuck yourself.

Better the second time.

Welcome to the show.

This is comedy bang bang of course.

Thank you for joining us for another week.

We are excited.

It's Los Angeles.

It's October.

Fall has fallen.

It truly has fallen at this point.

We were waiting for the other shoe to drop on fall and it has dropped up.

The air is crisp.

It's really the leaves in my opinion are falling which is why they call it fall.

The very fact they turn color and then goodbye.

Goodbye leaves that's sign our leaves now the trees are nude because they do it willfully.

Which by the way I have been meaning to talk to you about this.

I have an open book.

I have an initiative that makes clothes for trees during the fall and winter that I would love to get some funding for.

This I can get behind because frankly you remember in old time times they used to put a covers on the table legs because it would remind people of a lady's leg and then they have a bonus.

They would have sex all over the place and women are like come on enough I got to get worked on around the house.

Yeah but you get so turned on by those table legs.

I also remember that they would make I guess my thought was finished.

Oh I thought it was.

So I'm saying you see these new trees all over the place you going out of your mind just walking down the street.

Yeah but do you remember New York?

He had a bet of it.

Alright are you done now?

I finally got it out.

Alright but do you remember when they would make the table legs to look like a man's leg like they'd make it nice and thick and with hair coming out .

That helped a lot.

People calmed down.

Yeah except for you know 10% of the population.

And some of those ladies too who are aggressive.

Back then it was frowned upon.

Today you do whatever you want wet pants.

I remember a glimpse of stalking used to be shocking.

That's...

Yes.

Yeah.

You agree with that?

But you know what happens now.

In terms of going it's anything.

Anything yeah.

Well I think you all know who my co-hosts for this one.

What does they do?

Because just from his Jewish dialect.

We've been over this.

I'm not Jewish I'm Italian.

Oh that's right.

From the Bronx.

You're from the Bronx.

I forget that.

It's a Bronxian dialect.

This is what we sound like.

Right.

I just assumed because you are in show business you have so many shows.

Yeah you got prejudices I understand.

You're not alone most people do.

But you're monster.

You know who he is we've had him on the show.

They know who he is.

Yes we've had him on the show forever.

You've had him on the show forever.

I can't remember a time when I didn't do this show.

He was the creator of such television shows as I'm trying to think of one.

I'll get it.

This is absurd.

I know there's one that I'm it's on the tip of my brain.

How long do I let this charade go on for?

It had that cool guy cool cool cool mode cool who am I thinking of.

Thinking of Fonzie.

Right Fonzie from the Fonzarelli from work.

No that's another why you being willfully ignorant.

I look it was a long time ago I don't remember these things .

Happy days was the show.

Happy days.

Ritchie Potsies advised to sit on it the whole gang.

It's the 1950s into the late 60s.

But coming out in the 70s into the early 80s.

That's right.

Right.

It's confusing.

You are the- Up is down black is white.

Yep.

Well that is evocative of the time.

That was the original title.

Yeah.

Do you remember about I mean first of all let's talk about the 60s for a minute.

Sure I don't care.

In my opinion the 60s and maybe it's just me but for me the 60s were a time of incredible tumult and upheaval and people.

It wasn't.

You were there.

I was there.

It was fine.

Business as usual.

Yeah everybody was just living their lives.

They were working in television and everything was great.

You may be just thinking of your own personal family.

Hey.

You and your sister Penny.

Oh Penny.

By the way have I said oh really?

Wait a minute.

No no I'm not.

He said what I think about her because she is also a director and it makes me sad.

That she's competing with you.

Yeah she actually told me so.

Really?

What?

Thanksgiving?

Or every Thanksgiving she says it.

She says you're going down.

I'm going to be I'm going to surpass you as a director and everyone's going to remember me forever.

Director.

A.V.A.

Trick, Cetid trick, director.

Of course.

Come on what do you think I don't know.

He's old words.

I'm old.

I haven't said your name yet.

No don't ever.

I forbid you to say it.

Alright well you know who he is just from the description.

That's right.

Very much.

Don't you said it.

I did not.

I write it in the description.

I swear I didn't say it.

You miss her somehow.

I'm not going to.

I feel like you're saying it.

I have ear ear phones on.

Oh that's right you do.

Gary so I mean.

Gary Marshall is who I am.

You are here.

They said what is this rumple stiltskin.

I'm going to jump up and down and go through to the center of the earth.

I think it might be rumple stiltskin.

You're right.

You know what?

I wouldn't mind being called rumple stiltskin.

It's not a bad name.

I've always said that you are the rumple stiltskin of Hollywood big shots who have created happy days.

Scott this is how I think of myself.

Good.

Thank you for saying.

Straw into gold.

You know what I mean?

You take.

I take straw.

I spin it into gold.

Yes.

You take metaphorically speaking.

Not literally like rumple stiltskin did.

He was the only guy.

But you take some actor who has been in one movie about Tom Bosley.

The worst right?

Yeah.

And then all of a sudden you kid.

I turned him into an Emmy worthy actor.

Now he didn't win an Emmy.

But I forbid it.

He was black bald.

Good.

He was a Satanist.

That's why.

Really?

Hollywood Satanist.

Oh gosh.

I went.

Did he ever run?

Mike Wallace.

He used all black masses.

Whatever.

I mean, did they ever ritually sacrifice?

All the time.

That's all they did.

Every all they did.

Every.

That's all they did.

They called it black mass.

But what they did was they just killed animals.

Oh gosh.

These guys, they were not good guys.

I wish we had time to go into that.

But we have to get to it.

It's too bad.

We have to get to our first game.

I'm sure everyone would love to hear about it.

It would have been interesting.

It would have been interesting to hear about Tom Bosley.

Mike Wallace.

Ooh.

Charles Nelson Riley.

He was in on this.

Oh yeah.

I can't.

We just can't get to it though.

They all called themselves Satanist so they could kill animals.

Oh god.

And a couple people.

Where does the time go though?

It's too bad we don't have time to talk.

Because look at that the hands on the clock.

They went to that certain number.

Which means we have to get to our first guest.

That's right.

Everyone listening at home now is looking at their clocks and going to wonder if this is the time they were talking about because you can listen to this one you like.

Rest assured it is that time we are going to get to our first guest here.

That's right.

We can't talk about the presidential assassination that these Satanists.

They were planning?

No, they did it and they replaced the president with a look like.

Oh god.

God.

I almost.

I almost want to bump our guest to the next podcast.

That's not what a gentleman does.

No, that's true.

Okay, you're right.

You're right.

All right, we got to get to her.

We got it.

Let's turn now.

Gary, you'll be interested in this.

She's on a TV show.

Oh, television.

You know I got my start at television.

I do it indeed and we can talk about that.

She's on a show which for my money best show on television in the subcategory of comedy, a half hour comedy mainstream on a network, on a major network.

So not Louie is what you're saying.

I know.

I also ran to Louie.

You tried to find.

It's confusing.

There used to be two categories.

It was hour and a half hour.

That was it.

Yeah, I remember.

But you know her from community, which is on back on this week and we are glad to have it back on.

Welcome, friend of the show, Gillian Jacobs.

Hi.

Have you met Gary Marshall yet?

Never.

It's an honor to meet you.

It's lovely to meet you.

Young lady, congratulations on all your success.

Congratulations on your more success.

Thank you, you know what?

Sometimes people forget when you're an old person.

You've been doing this for a long time and you're very successful.

People forget to congratulate you, but I accept your congratulations.

Thank you.

It still counts.

I'm still successful.

Gillian, I've always- Hey, we're done with you, Gary.

I get it.

Well, she's our first guest, Gary.

Please.

We haven't.

You are your own co-host today.

I'm the co-host.

We're going to tag team.

We're both going to ask you questions.

That's right.

Okay.

Meanwhile, as the host, I should probably start with the first.

Yeah.

That's only fair.

I apologize.

Okay, I apologize.

Now you're rubbing my face in it.

What I'm trying to say is we have to strictly alternate, by the way.

We have to ask a question.

You have a question.

Okay.

We can't deviate from the end.

I accept your terms.

So Gillian, I've always said that you are the Joni of community to Mikael's Chachi.

How do you respond?

Thank you.

I watched the opening title sequence for Joni Love's Chachi .

Reach silently for the first time and I was stunned that it 's a very serious title sequence involving them singing a duet over the span of years.

Did you guys- Years?

Do you remember this about your show?

I have a question.

You watching that.

I would like to say without hurting your feelings that I was watching title credit sequences to shitty shows.

Hey.

No offense taken.

I did that show as a goof.

Yeah.

Brady Brides was another one I watched.

Sure.

Joni Love's Chachi.

It was pretty shitty.

Just the two.

I mean, yours was the worst if that makes you feel better.

Out of tonight, you.

Success again.

I accept your congratulations.

All right, I guess it's my turn now, huh?

Your turn.

Go with the question.

We have to talk about it.

Oh, no.

Just to catch people up.

Okay, I don't want to dwell on this.

Oh, yeah.

But last time you were on the show, last time you were on the show, we talked a little bit about what happened, which is that the first time you were on the show, this is your third appearance.

Is that right?

Yes, it's my third.

Okay, this is your second break.

Yeah.

You broke your own record.

Congrats.

My own record.

Yeah, of you.

You've only previously finished.

You've only been on twice.

Congratulations.

Thank you, Scott, and just say what really happened here.

No, you may not.

Shut up.

I learned something from listening to the episode with Alice and Brie and Jason Misaka's like him.

Men's Lucas.

Which was on the week after your story.

Yeah.

So what happened to me was what happened to Jason, which was that I didn't play for a long time.

So words with friends automatically quit all the games I had going with you, and I did not consciously quit those games.

That's what happened.

Let me back.

Let me just back up.

I also have a comment after you.

Go ahead.

Okay.

Let me just tell people what we're talking about.

The first time Gillian was on the show, we talked about, no , no, we didn't talk about it, but then you were on the TV show and we talked about words with friends, and we decided to play each other.

You then started a game.

You won.

Handily.

You then started two games with me based on that, which at a certain point you had not played for so long that I had a new feature of Remind the other person to play.

I did that on both games.

The minute I did it, you resigned to both of them.

What I've learned is what happened to Jason, which is that the game automatically resigned for me because I hadn't played it in so long.

So as soon as someone reminds you, the game takes over and says, no.

Yes.

I sent to you.

I can't trust you to be responsible.

Guys, we have this is, I think this is a moment to bring awareness to the fact that we have some really malevolent practices happening in iPhone, iPad, Android app.

In the Zinga corporation?

The Zinga corporation is trying to drive a wedge between you and me, Scott.

I feel personally attacked by Zinga.

Okay.

But let me just say that you then did the responsible thing after we recorded that show and I shamed you, which was you started another game with me, which you then won again.

You started two more games and then actually I got into a run where I think I beat you five games to your original two or something.

I don't remember.

You won a bunch.

And then the exact same thing happens.

You resigned both games.

Yeah.

It was the game.

It was the Zinga that did it to me.

So, and then you, and then I called you on it on Twitter.

Yeah.

And you said, I lost my iPad.

I didn't lose my iPad, but I couldn't find it for a while.

So you were lying when you said I lost my iPad?

No, I found it eventually, which meant that I didn't lose it permanently, but I didn't know where it was for a span of, I don't know, 14 days.

Where did you find your iPad?

In a purse that I hadn't used in a while.

Must be nice.

Gary, you have hundreds of purses.

What are you talking about?

Yeah, one time I found a car I hadn't driven in a while.

It was in an old garage.

You found your old passport in there.

Yeah, that's right.

Ladies have more than one purse.

Okay.

It's just a fact.

Ladies have more than one purse.

How many high ticket electronic items do they have?

Listen, I, so, okay.

Zinga is out to get me.

Scott.

I know how strangers coming up to me and talking to me about words with friends.

I love it.

I know that this makes you really happy, Scott.

The only reason I do well is because of how uncomfortable you are when I talk about it.

I have a knot in my stomach.

I want to say that you never took it back up.

No, because I can't.

No, I will not accept a game from you anymore.

Good.

No, I enjoyed them.

We're done.

We are words without friends at this point, or we are friends without words.

We have to find a new way to express our friendship to each other.

Yeah, I'm good.

I'm just coming on the show every few months.

Can I get in your comment place?

Is it resigned?

Kind of a highfalutin word for this game to use when you're just talking about a scrabble on your phone?

Well, you think it should be simpler?

It should be quit?

Or just more common man language?

Yeah, just quit.

Yeah, give up.

How about that?

I give up.

But it's resigned.

It's like, hey, who's going to officiate my resignation from this word with friends?

Do we need to get some sort of a notary?

That's the term you're thinking of.

It's a notary public term, so I remember it right away.

I just would like to say that I feel like there's a lot that I think the California state legislature should take up.

A, these games are spying on you.

These apps are spying on you.

That's right, now.

And B, they are forcing me to quit games with Scott Ock ermann trying to ruin our friendship.

So I'll testify.

Essentially ruined our friendship, I should say as well.

I mean, they succeeded at what they were trying to do.

Now, Gillie, you must have had so many people having the same problem with you because it happened to so many people.

Yeah.

But only I will talk about it on a podcast and on Twitter.

Holy scot as the bravery's like a non-satanic Mike Wallace.

I mean, maybe it was the Church of Black Magic too that were involved somehow in this.

I wouldn't put it past that.

Oh, he thought of myself as a non-satanic Mike Wallace.

Thank you so much.

Now you see it right now.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I do, I believe that Charles Nelson Riley has been trying to ruin my life for at least two years.

Two years he's been passed away?

Yeah, I've felt a demonic presence in my life that I've been able to trace back to Charles Nelson Riley.

Interesting.

This demonic presence, is it wearing a neck of chief?

He's trying to strangle me with an ascot a lot of times in my dreams.

I don't know, I wake up in a cold sweat and sometimes I vague, you know, red marks on my neck.

I feel like Charles Nelson Riley is probably the one that A , hid my iPad and then B, resigned from the games.

Well, I don't want to dwell on this any longer.

I just wanted to bring it up to catch people up because people wonder when you're on the show, when we're going to talk about it.

Yeah.

But we're fine now.

We are.

I thought we're not friends anymore.

That's been determined.

Well, we're friends without words.

That's how I would categorize us.

We're friends without words.

Do you've heard of doctors without borders?

Yes.

We're friends without words.

Right.

Yeah.

Okay.

So we will talk of this no longer.

I don't think you need to be pressing your forehead into the microphone any longer.

I shame anxiety.

My palms are sweating again and my stomach is in knots.

You know what?

Good on me for coming here today, knowing that I was going to have to go through this.

I'm patting myself on the back for the fact that I agreed to come here.

Did you think about it?

The first of the minute I asked you.

The second you asked me, I know that I'm going to have to talk about this and I still came.

I wonder if you're on again if we'll talk about it again.

I mean, it seems like our story is wrapped up.

We're not going to have anything to talk about in the future because I will never play words with friends with you again.

Oh, gosh.

You like the Susan B. Anthony of coming on this podcast?

Yeah.

I'm the sojourner truth of coming on this podcast.

Yeah.

It's a good reference.

Thank you.

All right.

Your question.

You're from Pennsylvania, right?

Correct.

Jenny, we do a follow up.

We got a switch off.

Now go ahead with a follow up.

Because I feel like I had a lot of follow ups of that.

Have you ever seen the Jersey Devil?

I don't even know what that is.

What?

How much crypto zoological knowledge do you have, honey?

Ooh, not enough.

But I like the thought of having more.

You know, I'm on the trail of all these supernatural creatures.

Oh, yeah.

We talked about that.

Yeah.

Last time, one of the last time.

Yeah.

So far, no luck with any of them.

Like the any of them.

The Loch Ness monster.

Okay.

The thing that washes up in like Long Island every summer that they don't know what it is.

Some people think it's like garbage?

No, it's a monster.

It's the Montauk monster.

Oh, the Montauk.

Wait, what happens?

It washes up a long Island.

It looks horrible.

People don't know if it's like a pig that got really bloated in the water or some kind of.

How close?

So how far to this thing, are they?

Close.

That's on the beach.

Why don't they take it away and study it?

They can't figure out what it is.

I can't believe you don't know about that.

Yeah.

Here's the thing.

A lot of these are bunk, right?

A lot of these like somebody's got a lake and they figure we're going to we're going to pump up the tourist business.

Yeah.

They're a monster too.

Nobody's ever seen it.

It's all it's just this is garbage.

I made a movie about this like Jaws that was a movie about this very subject about trying to pump up the tourism with a fake.

Yeah, the man the man, the smart jacket with the anchor.

He's like, I turned it off halfway through, but I assume that's what it was.

They debunked the shark at the end.

Is that how?

Probably.

I never finish a picture.

Oh, really?

I've never seen the end of a movie.

Really?

You don't say support.

We had put a pride for me.

Why do you even go to them then?

I like the beginning.

It's fun.

Yeah.

And they say, hey, there's going to be snacks.

You can go get them anytime you want during the picture.

And then I get my throw.

I'm like, I need something savory.

I walk out there to refill my popcorn.

And then I'm like, eh, I could go home.

And then I do.

I like it.

What's your favorite movie?

Probably three quarters of cabaret.

It's a good one.

Yeah, how's that in?

Pretty well, as far as I remember.

Yeah, I knew you'd know.

Yeah.

So, yeah, so I'm trying to capture these.

So yeah, I don't, that month, talk more, I think, is not real.

I got bad intel on that one.

Okay, okay.

Okay.

New Jersey Devil.

Where were you?

The Jersey Devil.

The Mothman.

Okay.

What is the Jersey Devil?

The Jersey Devil.

He's this weird creature.

Spring scene.

He's saying about him.

He's saying about everybody in the tri-state area.

It's a weird, hellish creature lives in the Pine Barons in Pennsylvania.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

What's he do to people?

He's not pleasant to them.

Yeah, you don't want to run across them.

He's caused a lot of car accidents.

People get stranded by the road and they're never seen again.

Did you hear about the guy who dressed up like Bigfoot to try and scare people and got, you know, twice and killed?

Yeah, that was you who did that.

The second time.

You hit him the second time.

I hit him the second time.

I was dressed up as a teenage girl though because I read in - Yeah, I was on the cover.

I was wearing what a hoo-fanny macho-holed bird sweater.

If you're one of these monsters, you know the name Gary Marshall.

That's right.

It's like if you're a Dracula, you know who Van Helsing is.

I'm like a real life Van Helsing.

I strike Fiat at a hot to these crystals.

He's got to go undercover.

I'd love to see your teenage girl costume.

I bet you make a very convincing, very strong.

Can I tell you something?

Yeah.

It's not very convincing.

Really?

Yeah.

You can make a very attractive 16 year old girl.

I don't do a wig which would help.

Yeah, that would be step one I think.

Too busy on your scalp.

I wear one of Penny's old levern sweaters with the L on it.

I wear a big poodle skirt with the girdle ones.

Saddle shoes and bobby socks and some cat side glasses.

Do you shave your legs?

Nope.

What's weird is, and by the way they made a table out of his legs which is really interesting.

Very sexy table.

No one has ever taken a picture of you the same way that no one's ever taken a clear shot of the top.

That's right.

Yeah.

In my teenage girl costume.

Have you ever caught a monster?

Not yet.

No luck.

But I feel like I got some good leads.

Yeah.

So is it the devil?

You're on the hunt for the devil right now.

The Jersey devil.

Not the devil from the Bible.

Guys, I've been to a Satanist.

Church ceremony.

I wasn't.

Boring.

Church is church.

What can I say?

No matter what you believe.

Oh, it was pretty boring.

All right.

I think it's my turn for a question.

Yeah.

This will be the last question before we take a break.

Okay.

Can you make it count?

Yeah.

Can you tell us anything about this season of community that is debuting this Friday correct on NBC?

What time?

830.

What is up top of the hour?

AMP AM.

Okay.

Good.

I wish it was.

Uh, debuting at 8 PM is Whitney us 830 and then Grim is at nine.

Three shows that go together like the back of three different people's hands.

So if you're in the mood for a schizophrenic weird evening.

Started off at 8 PM.

Now Grim is a fairy tales.

I think he'd be into it.

There's a lot of supernatural creatures from fairy tales in there.

We're trying to kill people.

From fairy tales.

We're trying to make the real stuff.

Okay.

I understand.

It makes a mockery of what I do.

Oh, okay.

Grim actually was based on his life.

I mean, he doesn't like to talk about it.

It was originally called Gary with an exclamation pad.

Yeah, it was about it.

Like Cleggorn.

It was about an old man in his 80s going around the world trying to find supernatural creatures.

Yeah.

Hunt them, capture them and put them on display for the ed ification of other people.

So you don't want to kill them.

The goal is not to kill them.

It's to catch them.

No, who would want to kill these beautiful creatures?

No.

He wants to do like a King Kong with him.

He wants to chain them up and then he'll fly Bill shows.

That's right.

Capture them, bring them back to the States.

Now, how did that movie end?

I'm pretty well as far as I've heard.

Yeah.

I remember they brought him into the theater and everybody was excited.

And then you walked out.

You're like, I'm happy ending for me.

Yeah.

It was the first film I ever saw.

I was a little kid.

And this was the new one, right?

The Peter Jackson.

That's right.

So, Gil, can you tell us anything about community?

Oh, Gil now.

This is exciting.

Well, you called her Gilly.

I did not.

Yes, you did.

In the mail, I thought it was very important of you.

The list that we'll know.

You did.

I did not.

Did I call you Gilly?

I don't remember.

I remember.

I have confirmation.

I have confirmation from a engineer Cody here.

You don't mind me and my granddaughter.

That's probably why I did it.

I like Gilly.

Gilly.

I don't have a problem with either one of them.

By the way, if you did call her Gilly.

Yes, sorry.

What's that?

Never mind.

That's the man.

So happy about that bit.

Sorry.

Anyway, tell us about community.

Okay, what do we got?

What do we got?

We got Malcolm McDowell.

What?

The season.

Yes, playing our new teacher.

Was he, he was the kid on the Cosby show?

Correct.

We got Malcolm McDowell.

Malcolm Jamal Warner, who was in a clockwork orange.

And then we also, we're going to go to an inspector space time convention on the show.

So it's like our version of Comic-Con for Dr. Who Spoof.

We are going to go see Pierce's Mansion in our Halloween episode.

Pierce Morgan's Mansion.

He's got a lot of money.

And guys, I was watching him report from the DNC and I was wondering, is this man going to ever get arrested for those like wiretapping British tabloid Rupert Murdoch?

Pierce Morgan's.

I hope not.

He's involved in it somehow, right?

I think he's the architect.

He's the architect?

Yeah, he's like, oh, you know what we can do.

Why don't we why?

Why don't we hack these cell phones?

Yeah, he has that glint in his eye.

Yeah, he had that glint in his eye.

He's probably a Satanist.

That's right.

He's got that cell phone hacking glint.

Yeah, that's satanic glint that tells you to do things like wiretap and abort people's words with friends games.

So I have boring ceremony.

Yeah, super boring with lame songs.

I'm glad we didn't get off track when you're talking about your show that you're trying to promote.

Now, in the past, you've done animated video game people, you were claymation people or whatever.

Gary Marshall, you watched community.

I watched the first 10 minutes of it.

I love it.

So you can't even sit there a 22 episode.

22 minute episode.

I can't sit minute.

I cannot sit through anything.

Okay.

It's a miracle of does this podcast go on after I leave?

No, no, we ended.

Well, that this is the only thing I've ever been.

Yeah, crazy.

Isn't that an interesting 22 episodes, 22 minutes?

Yeah.

Come on, guys.

Wait, so what?

We don't have any of you have 22 this season.

So you do hold on a second.

I'm not done with my question.

Respect your elders.

So I'm older than you.

That's had a really good work.

Strange.

You were a little baby when you saw King Kong.

You want to say that that's true, too.

You just aged very rapidly.

That's right.

80 years.

It's the you age and dog years, baby.

You're 80 years old.

I'm one.

Oh.

One quarter Pyrenees.

That's why I aged so quickly.

I see.

Hey, so here's my question.

Okay.

You've been animated.

You would have video game people.

You would have ranking best stop motion people.

What's next?

Light bright.

All episode in light bright.

Light bright.

The old toy from the staff.

Can you animate light bright or we just be static images?

It would be static images.

You would see a hand go with the frame rearranging the pegs or etch a sketch.

A guy like making the etch a sketch.

Eh, no, no.

I like pegs.

Okay.

Sure.

I'll pitch it.

I'll pitch it to the children that are running the children .

Yeah.

We got some four year olds that were doing focus tests.

I don't even know what I'm saying.

Like all of the twist over here with this.

I was in a production of Oliver as a child and I played a boy.

Oh, you don't say?

Yeah.

I played a lot of young boys in musicals.

That was the fashion back then.

Yeah.

Feel like getting back into that sort of in your career after community ends.

I'd like to play some young boys again in musicals.

Yeah.

Like which young boys out there?

What are the good young boy parts of there's Peter Pan?

Obviously you could do that.

Peter Pan.

Ah, the best.

Don't save that for Sandy Duncan.

No, no, that's a golden standard.

RIP.

I don't know.

We'll figure that out after we're done.

That's a real head scratcher.

There should be like head scratch RIP.

Head scratcher.

I don't know.

I'm trying to get a hashtag going.

For when you don't know if someone's dead or not.

You know that I create hashtags.

That's my main source of income.

Really?

How do you monetize that?

Right, possible.

I'm going to steal it.

Oh.

Hold on a second.

How do we monetize these hashtags?

Oh, we're all buidness now.

You're not starting a business.

You're not starting a business model.

You should have mailed it to yourself stupid.

God damn it.

Now we're all buidness.

All right.

We're going to make a blood oath.

I want 50 and you guys used to get 25 though.

Is that fair?

No.

I don't like it.

He's a very savvy businessman, Gary Marshall.

You're not going to get something like that past him.

That's right.

How much money do you have?

How much?

How much do you want me to have?

I mean, if you have a number.

Post double it.

Wow.

Are you single?

What's going on?

I'm a billionaire.

Yes, I'm married to my wife, Barbara.

We've been married for a hundred years.

We got kids.

We got grandkids.

You just don't want to divorce her.

Probably great grandkids.

Would you be interested in possibly divorcing her and getting remarried?

Sure.

Who you got?

Me.

What?

This is outrageous.

This is how far we've come.

Have you ever been propositioned in this manner?

Not so brazenly.

Not since during happy days like Johnny would come up to you and just sort of intimated and like.

Erin Moran, sure.

Yeah.

She would beat around the bush.

You know, she'd be suggestive.

She'd never come right down and say, hey, divorce your wife and marry me.

I don't know how much time you've got, so I figure I better be direct.

Not much.

I'll be honest with you.

But how much money do you have again?

I'm like a billionaire.

Okay.

I think that we should get married.

All right.

Okay, let's do it.

I could afford to lose half even if you don't work out.

Yeah, even if you lose half, you've got half a billion dollars.

I think that's not the decision.

Engineer Cody could perform the ceremony, I think.

Are you inefficient?

Yeah, as inefficient.

How long do you think it would take to kill you with arsenic poisoning?

Probably not that long.

Oh, great.

Let's do it.

That constitution is worn down from all the globe trotting, searching for monsters.

All right.

Yeah, let's get married.

At the same time you've been ingesting small amounts of arsenic your entire life to build up in solar.

Okay, I got it.

It's going to be tough.

Don't worry about it.

Yeah, I buy plan for every occasion.

I got other ideas.

I got other ways to go.

You're a smart girl.

I like this.

Yeah, okay.

We don't have to kill your wife.

It would be faster.

Oh, wait, hold on.

Wait, hold on.

Who talked about killing a wife here?

Well, then I was thinking if we killed her, you wouldn't have to give her half your money.

We wouldn't have to go through a drawn out to your wife.

You're not going to give your wife half your money though, right?

Oh, we've got it.

We've got the boys.

Yeah.

How long are you going to stay long?

Yeah.

Oh, decades.

Yeah.

No, no, we should kill her.

That'll be quicker.

We get married.

We don't got to say.

I mean, I'm mostly on board with your plan, but when you, well, you just put it out there.

We got to kill her.

Yeah.

It's fun.

Sounds like it gives me cause for pause.

Yeah.

But at the same time, good plan.

I can't argue with the planning.

Think about it this way.

I'm passionate about you, buddy.

I want to be married to you.

Oh my gosh.

I'm willing to do whatever it takes.

This makes me think in this movie that I saw one quarter of called Double Indemnity.

Right.

When he's people- Happening.

Well, was it?

Yeah, because- Yeah, because- You seem like these people had a foolproof plan.

Well, they killed her husband and I imagine everything they had went to happily- That's as much as I saw.

Happily ever after.

Okay.

So if we're as smart as those people, I think we're in the clear.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

We're going to be good.

We have to take a break.

We do.

And have time to go kill his wife while we have enough time .

I don't know how long do you think this is going to turn to you?

Where is she waiting in the car?

Is she waiting in the car for you?

She's not- She's waiting in the garage with the- She typically waits in the garage.

She's still on- She's still on- Oh, it might be.

Oh, no.

She's still listening to the radio.

She's in itself.

She's primed.

All right.

I got it all worked out.

All right.

So we'll be back.

Gills get a- sorry, Gilly.

Sorry.

We're going to- We're going to come back here with more from Gilly Jacobs.

There's more like Gary Marshall will be right.

We're going to come and do that.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here with Gilly Jacobs.

We have Gary Marshall here on- Hey!

Gilly Mary!

You guys got married during the break.

That break was a real wife killer.

Now I'm on my second marriage with Gilly over here.

Sorry.

I got a billion dollars.

That's right.

You're a Gillionaire now.

Right?

Have you liked that?

That's fun.

I still got it.

I started out writing jokes.

Yeah.

We have another guest.

We are so not proud or but so happy to have in the studio, I guess.

I mean, we're not proud because you've never been on the show before.

Thank you.

But- and I don't know that much about you other than you- you're a local, it says here?

Not really anymore, but I just got back from studying abroad in Italy.

So I kind of think I'm a little bit Italian.

Okay, well I'm sure we'll talk about that, but Tracy is.

Yeah, hi.

I don't have a last name on you.

It's okay.

I'm trying a new thing, just being Tracy.

Just Tracy?

Yeah, because my last name was really hard to pronounce and it was Polish, so I'd like to just drop that.

Just going one name like Volta.

Yeah, thank you.

Like Mollières.

Yeah.

Never mind.

He wrote a play.

Oh, are you a lover of the theater?

I know.

I have definitely seen some and I feel like- All the way through?

Yeah, I say till the end.

What's that like?

Well, I like to get the most out of my money and I guess since you're really rich.

You probably don't really care about my life.

I'm really rich now too.

Oh, this opens up a world of not seeing things to the completion.

Also, but you know the other thing is he's really rich and doesn't care, but he sneaks in to the- that's something about Gary Marshall that you sneak into the movie theaters through the exit door.

That's right.

And I also like the second act plays that go in.

Sometimes I see the end, don't see the beginning.

Yeah, that's what you do with plays of course.

Yeah, sneak in and intermission.

That's right.

Just pretend like you belong there.

You've been out having a cigarette.

I always get caught because I'm very loud.

Hey, I'm just going into the theater here.

I have a ticket.

I bothered to check me.

I've been in this whole time.

I yell after the curtain rises.

I let the actors know.

Okay.

Wait, hey, we're cutting into this young lady's time.

It's fine.

So sorry.

Anyway, Tracy, welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for coming.

Thank you.

And what are you here to talk about?

I don't know a lot of notes on you.

You know what?

I just feel like I learned so much in Italy and I feel like really blessed to have the opportunity to share this with you guys on this podcast, which probably reaches like a bunch of people.

Yes.

So I thought I could just share a little bit about what I learned in my travels and just my experience.

You know, I'm about to be a senior in college and I had a junior year that was unforgettable.

So.

So you spent your entire junior year?

I spent eight months in Italy and I was there, you know, with my school, but I definitely explored a lot of my own and I grew a lot.

So yeah, which I mean, I think anybody would like I'm guessing you guys haven't really traveled much on the country.

I personally have not been to Italy.

Yeah, I can tell.

What about what about you, Gary?

Have you ever been to Italy?

I've been to Italy.

Yeah.

Which is where you're from, suppose.

My ancestors supposedly.

Okay.

Marshall is a Italian.

I changed it for show business.

What was it?

Machine, yeah.

It did too.

It made me angry.

Well, why didn't you guys go the Shirley MacLean and what's this far?

Warren Beatty, right?

Yeah, Warren Beatty route where you picked different lats.

What does it mean?

Why didn't Penny do that after I already changed my name to Gary Marshall?

Yeah.

Oh, I'm already sensing some tension.

Yeah.

What about this Charlie?

Yeah, good.

Because I'm putting it out there.

Charlie Sheen is another one of them.

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

You know what I mean?

I keep eating trade as family.

It is heritage.

My opinion is actually a heritage.

So, have you, you have been to Italy, Gary?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

Gilly, have you been to Italy?

I have.

We were robbed on an overnight train from Monaco to Nice.

I'm sorry.

I know from Monaco to Santa.

Sorry.

Okay, whatever.

No way, Tracy, where in Italy did you go?

Because it's a whole big boot full of a country.

It sounds like you haven't really been there that much if you're calling it a boot.

Because if you really spend time there, you won't only use the stereo dames of the place.

I wanted, you could call it a boot though and it would be because of their dialect, right?

I want some bully.

I guess.

Anyone?

I guess I get that.

Anyone?

Any listeners out there?

No?

All right.

Great silence.

It develops the nation.

Yeah.

Oh, my.

Yeah.

I forgot what you asked me.

Well, like what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what in Italy did you go?

I was in a few different parents.

I spent a lot of time in France and in Bonnica and I was in Monaco.

I was in three different areas.

Franso, Veneet, Franso?

Where is this?

Franses?

She means Florence.

Florence.

Oh, oh.

Florence.

I guess you don't.

And you're an American.

You're an American.

Okay, but I spent a lot of time abroad.

So.

Eight months.

Yeah, it's a long time.

So I feel like I changed a lot and I learned a lot about my Italians and like just like that culture.

So.

Well, what's the main tip that you have for anyone going to .

I would say first of all, like don't look like a tourist.

I saw so many embarrassing like Americans there that I just was, I had to turn my hat because people wear like sneak hers, which are clearly from America.

It was sneak hers.

Wait, sneak hers.

A lot of women wearing sneak hers.

For women.

Sneak hers.

Wait a minute.

We're all in on this business, right?

Sneakers.

They already existed.

Yeah, we invented it guys.

We're not the ones that look like a high heel, but it feels like a sneak.

Yeah, it's about Marauds, sneak hers.

Yeah, thank you.

I guess you do know a little something.

Okay.

But yeah, I think these, you know, you see people and they 're just looking so lost and confused.

And I think one of the things I would say if you're traveling about it is always look like you know what you're doing and always look like you live there.

Did you sleep with all of Italian men?

I did mean a few men that I felt fairly strongly for.

What did you do to blend in over there?

Because they're not, you know, forgive me, but it's not, you don't exactly look like a native.

No, thank you.

Um, I spoke Italian the whole time and I think that was something that really helped me out.

But I went to a host family and I learned Italian very quickly.

So we hear some.

Sure.

What would you like me to say or do you want us to have a conversation?

Let's have a conversation.

Okay.

I feel like you just said the same thing twice.

Well, yeah.

I'm well.

How are you?

You did understand me.

Wow.

I guess you did spend a little time there.

I didn't really believe you.

Oh, thanks.

Yeah.

Yeah, it was very traumatic.

We were all robbed.

Wow.

I wish we had time to.

Tori took a turn.

Yeah, I wish we had time to go into that.

Italian train thieves stole my game.

Well, no, I'm sorry.

Sorry, Gilly.

I don't have time to go into it.

Somebody else on the train chased down.

We don't have time.

Okay, we have time to discuss how I almost stumbled upon a nest.

The vampires in Venice.

No, we have to talk to Tracey here.

I want to have you back on the show just so I can say sorry over and over.

You know, we have another basis for our friendship beyond words with friends.

Wait, did you learn any sexual tricks from Italian men?

Wow, you are really focused on the men.

Is that why you went to Italy?

I got to keep Gary here happy.

I don't know.

I love the flat over here.

Well, there is a lot of different kinds of sex that Italians have.

That's true.

They don't have sex in the same way Americans do.

And I was not a virgin before I went there.

So I did have sex with some American men before I went to my trip.

Or I should say time abroad.

But I did have sex with them and they link it very differently.

And a lot of times they like you to bend over and not speak during it.

And most of them didn't kiss me.

You know, so I think that's a local thing.

Oh, wait, your parents might hear this.

You're not, you know, this is a little...

She's a European now.

The European sensibility is very open about human sexual.

It's very true.

You know, you don't have to cover your breasts as much in other countries.

And I found a blessing for me because I'm very well endowed in the breast region.

Yeah, I didn't want to say anything.

But sometimes I like to paint a picture for our listeners exactly, you know, how endowed the women's guests on the show are.

My breasts are humongous.

Yeah, I mean, it's right on the money.

And how many of these men were you with?

You say that they all treated you like this?

Yeah, well, they were all friends.

So I was with them about five.

That was just to have one occasion.

So yeah, I mean, that was pretty much the only experience I had there sexually.

But it was a lot.

And it was...

This is one night.

Yeah, but it was very overwhelming, you know.

Yeah, I grew...

As gang banks usually are.

Well, I hate that call that there, but I grew a lot.

What do they call it?

They call it...

In the main ch- one day, it's a good.

I think that means bend over, bitch.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

Well, that's not how I am.

This is all very unsavory.

I know, I'm so sorry, Gary.

This is...

I like to read a clean podcast, as you know.

It's the reason you're here.

Yeah, that's what I know.

Yeah.

Well, I'm sorry, but that's just the only note from my experience.

So all you can pass on to me from my now sex life with Gary Marshall is to be quiet and bend over.

A whole lot of say.

Yeah.

Wait, are you guys gonna...

I'm gonna...

Well, we're gonna get married.

We all are married.

You got married.

I'm wondering.

I mean, yeah.

I want...

We're gonna get married on our anniversary.

We're gonna do our vows.

Okay.

I just wanna keep you happy, Gary, cause you have a lot of money.

Oh, look, I'm happy.

It's just nice to have a young person in the house and...

I can imagine...

I mean, Gary, at your age, I mean, sex is more of a chore.

Aaah, you know, it's a nice memory, right?

Yeah, you had my fun.

Yeah.

And now it's time for more fun.

Now it's just about having some on candy.

Do you think maybe I could kill you?

Do you think maybe you would have a heart attack and die if we attempted to have sex?

Oh, probably.

Okay, we're having sex in the...

Ten minutes!

In the middle of the show!

Oh, yeah.

I need that money.

Real bad.

Oh, boy.

I need all of it.

Sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it.

I have a billion dollars in gambling.

That's it, I need to pay off.

Oh, my gosh.

I wish we had time to talk about that.

But, yes, Tracy.

So, any other tips for the listeners out there?

Yeah, I mean, endless.

You know, I think one of the most important things for Americans is to travel and to leave your comfort zone.

And you know, that was a huge thing for me.

And I...

Where are you from?

From Modesto.

Okay, Modesto, California.

Yeah.

And you had you ever traveled at all?

Um, no, I had not, because due to my family's circumstances , I had not traveled.

So, yeah.

What are your...

Is it rude of me to ask, what are your family services?

We have zero dollars.

Very, very little.

I sleep.

That's the most little.

Yes.

And I have to just stay at friends' homes.

But now, I'm planning to move back to Italy as soon as I go to college and just kind of, you know, get back to my roots now and just kind of live there because I'm most comfortable there and I really found myself there.

How did you get the money to actually get there?

I got a scholarship.

A what?

A scholarship.

Oh.

Scholarship, I think she said.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I got it done.

I didn't penetrate it first, but now I understand what you 're saying.

Yeah, I got a scholarship.

So, look, it's getting farther and farther away from human speech.

So, uh, how are you gonna live over there?

Do you have a job set up?

You know, as a woman in another country, it's very easy.

With very large breasts.

Yes, it's very easy to find work.

So, I'm not wearing it.

Probably, why can I be great?

And I'm really excited.

I think there's a lot of them over there.

Yeah.

Italian pastries, one of my favorite breakfasts.

It's good, only, right?

You like it good?

Oh, every morning.

Yeah.

Every morning.

That's not good.

No, I'm...

Every morning.

I want a ballooned up since the TV show.

You're very fat.

Yeah.

I didn't want to say anything, but I like to paint a picture for the listener.

Sure.

You're morbidly obese.

Yes, I am.

I think I'm gonna die very soon.

Oh, my God.

Oh, and you're rich, right?

And I'm rich because of the TV show.

Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

Where is polygamy legal?

Hmm.

We need to go to some African country right now, because I 'm gonna marry you.

Go back to Africa.

Hey.

Well, I feel like I need to marry one of them now, because if they're both gonna pass, I could use the money as well.

Honey, you've got much larger breasts than me.

You're gonna be fine.

Oh my God.

I need this.

Yeah, you're gonna be good at your bakery in Italy.

I don't know why you put them quotes like that.

I feel like maybe she's saying that she's gonna be a prostitute.

Oh my God.

Is that, wait a minute, is that with the whole five guys?

That was for free.

That one's, I actually paid them.

Are you saying the five guys burger chain is a prostitution front?

That's what I'm trying to say.

I eat that.

And do mommy burger.

They're in cahoots.

That one I see.

Yeah.

Ooh, mommy.

And speaking of who mommy, that's what you said to your mom when you told her that you're a mom when you told her you were going to Italy, right?

Yes.

You said, oh mommy, I'm going to Italy.

Yes.

Thank you so much for confirmation on that.

Well, gosh, so you're gonna go back and what's the timetable?

Well, I have to graduate unfortunately.

What are you studying about?

Why, wait!

Go be a prostitute in Italy now.

Oh, I am dedicated to graduating so that I can also lord that over people.

I'm smart.

Yeah, so I'm studying many different things.

I haven't chosen a major, me yet.

You're a senior though, right?

Yeah, so the time is of the essence.

But I am thinking I'm interested in communications and I'm really interested in performance and performance.

What?

Performing.

In performance.

Performing and speech and debate.

Speech.

Communication.

What's poor vermin?

For poor vermin.

So like rats that have been, what?

Performing.

Like upper vermin's in this day, like Moliere.

Like what you said.

Oh, okay.

I don't think that if I were you.

Why?

Your voice is very grating.

Oh, thank you.

Until you said that though, Gilly, I've never noticed how grating your voice is.

Thank you.

Excuse me.

How about my voice, you guys?

Everybody's on the look.

The dulcet tones of Gary Marshall.

We all loved it.

I love honey.

I'm doing a bunch of audiobooks.

Really?

Yeah.

Which ones?

Or name one, I'll do it.

The whole Harry Potter series.

You got it.

The Bible.

I'm going to record it.

The Hobbit.

Sure.

The Da Vinci Co.

What's that?

The Da Vinci Co.

What?

The Da Vinci Co.

I don't know what you're saying.

It's a film with Tom Hanks.

The Da Vinci Co.

Yes.

Sure.

Okay.

You know Tom Hanks?

Well, sir, you know the Da Vinci Co is directed by Ron Howard.

That's right.

Honey, how would he grew up and then he directed that stupid movie?

Honey, honey, did you?

What's that do you?

Did you create buzzin' buddies?

Is that one of your shows?

No.

I wish that I had.

But I feel like Tom Hanks shows me a dead of gratitude because I had him guessed on Happy Days one time.

Really?

And I led to buzzin' buddies.

So, wait, what kind of famous people am I going to meet now that we're married?

Who are you friends with?

Joanne Woolley.

What?

Gina Lola Bridget.

You may not still be with us.

Are I possible?

It's a real head stretch.

That's a real head stretch, alright pea.

Maybe you'd like to meet Robin Stack.

I don't know who that is.

So, Tracy, feel free to sniff right into that mic if you could.

Do you have some sort of cold?

I am just smelling the microphone.

Oh.

Because the air smells different here in America.

Oh, what way?

Yes, it's very, very dirty.

In other countries, it's very clean.

So, that's the difference.

That's the difference, dirty to clean.

Interesting.

Alright, we'll tell you what, we have to take one more break.

When we come back, we'll have more from Gary Marshall.

Gary Marshall!

We'll have more from Mrs. Gary Marshall.

Thank you.

My wife.

And we'll have more from Tracy.

We'll be right back.

Thank you.

Cody Bang Bang.

We're back here.

We have Gary Marshall.

Present.

We have Gillian Jacobs.

Hi, Gary Marshall.

Mrs. Gary Marshall, so sorry.

So sorry.

And Tracy is here.

Hi.

And we're having a great time, huh?

It's great when friends get together.

I feel like Tracy is an old friend now.

Really?

Can I say something?

I think it's okay when friends get together.

Not great.

I didn't say if you could say something.

Honey, wait till you get there.

But, you know what, fair enough.

Robert's Rules of Order.

I yield.

You know what, you may say something.

I think it's okay when friends get together, but I wouldn't give it great status.

Mm-hmm.

You don't have a lot of people over to the house?

Never.

Why?

That's going to change.

I'm a bit of a hermit.

Well, you like that a teen?

Oh, I got a lot of, I got a lot of rowdy young friends that are going to come over and break your dishes.

I'll get the ashtrays out.

You've even started talking like them.

I love them.

He's my husband.

I love them.

I feel like we've been married forever.

You're driving me crazy, Gary.

This is what my life, my Barbara got with the soul.

This is what she sounded like at the end.

She went real quick.

She didn't have much will to live on.

That's it.

I have a Barbara.

Yeah, we killed her on the first break.

Do a lot of people die in Italy?

Yeah, it's actually way more people die there.

It's actually just really progressive.

Not safe.

No, it's just a lot more happening at all times.

Oh, I see progressive meaning people progress towards death a little faster.

Yes, it's actually a good thing.

Yeah.

Did I still kill people in the Coliseum?

You know what?

My time spent there was not really spent at that location, so I can't really tell you.

What are your feelings on Italian political corruption like Brolusconi?

My opinions are mostly thatling.

I believe that all politics should be counted in person and inside your brain.

And not really a shout-out that I pee mama because it's a very, very up for debate all the time.

So you really lost the thread there.

Do you know who Berlusconi is?

I mean, yes, I do.

Okay, but you don't care.

I had a Berlusconi once.

You did?

You don't care about moving to a country with a country?

Every morning.

With rampant corruption and the mafia taking all our jobs.

I'm pretty sure you don't know what you're talking about.

Meow, closing cat.

You probably never really experienced a life there.

And you probably don't really know.

Like, I did spend eight months there.

I did come home for one month for Christmas, but I was there for eight months.

So it's seven months.

Seven months if you're counting the month that I came back to California, but I was there for eight months and I did experience a lot of things on my D2D pieces.

Like corruption.

I mean, you know, different things that I feel, you know, you wouldn't even understand as an American.

You were really holding her feet to the fire on this project.

I heard a story on NPR about Berlusconi and corruption and how it's held Italy's economy back.

They could have really been one of like the engines of European finance and economy and stuff.

How many euros do you own?

I own 12-year-olds.

Oh, that's right.

All right.

Well, congratulations.

Let's go around the table and we'll talk about the foreign money we could not get rid of.

Yeah.

When we've traveled overseas.

No.

Start with you, Scott.

Well, I tell you, I had a couple of loonies that I couldn't get rid of.

Some Canada, Gillian, go.

I've got 20 cents of Canadian money in my wallet right now.

Okay.

We heard your story about the euros.

I, of course, have some British pound sterling that I cannot get rid of.

We should pool it into a big pool.

I would love to take that.

A money pool.

A foreign currency money pool.

I will take that.

I'm here hands and do what I will with it.

Do they accept different types of...

What an offer.

Yeah, really.

The most polite mugger I've ever met.

Allow me to take that and then have it.

That's what you learned in Italy.

How to mug people.

Yes.

Well, I will take it to the bank and then use it into a American currency for while I'm here.

And then I will spend it out of food and housing.

Where are you living right now?

It's sensible.

I didn't sleep on the metro.

Mmm.

What?

You've been sleeping in the metro here in Los Angeles.

Yes.

The red line.

What about Modesto?

What about your parents?

They also have nothing, so I've been sleeping on the chain.

And I find that it's exciting because I meet many people who are foreign and I can talk to them about my travels.

Tracy is right about this.

It is always exciting to sleep on a train.

Mmm.

Yeah.

How many trains have you slept on?

All of them.

Every single one?

Yeah, I was on a mission to sleep on all of the world's trains.

The surf liner?

Yep.

I didn't want to ask the Ella.

The super chief.

I didn't want to tell you what I was watching you sleep at last in a week.

You were asleep on the metro where I was.

That was you.

Yes.

I should never have included subway trains.

Yeah, that's right.

How did you know someone was watching you sleep?

I always know.

I'm like a snake.

I sleep with one eye slightly open.

The God against predators.

Right.

And you didn't think she was a predator?

From the movies.

Oh, okay.

I'm so sorry.

Are you chasing them too?

No, they're chasing me.

Oh, it's a little circle.

You're chasing the Jersey Devil.

They're chasing you.

Exactly.

Sometimes I feel like it's a little blur out of my peripheral vision.

I'm like, what's that?

An invisible predator?

And I hear this sound.

You know what I mean?

The sound they make.

Yeah.

Why do they have dreadlocks, honey?

I think it's a fashion choice.

Yeah, you know, just because they're predators from another world.

But they can't have fun.

Dreadlocks are very fun.

A lot of guys in Italy with different hairstyles.

No, I wouldn't see more guys in Italy.

I have a faux hug.

And most guys from America have different hairstyles that they bring and you can tell they're mostly anybody who's balding is American.

Yes.

And anybody who has an on long ponytail with no hair on top is American.

You got a myth, though.

That's a good look.

It's just very, very certain, you know, to be American.

When you see it, you just know, like that person hasn't really traveled.

But no one's going to have to.

USA number one.

Here's my favorite look is a guy who's got a ponytail.

Never takes the ponytail out.

It's got long hair pulls it back into ponytail.

Tucks it into the, well, you never, you just never know.

It doesn't talk it into a shirt, but it's never not a pony tail.

Like, why did you grow your hair that long?

If you never got to unfurl it, let's just let it all out.

That's for formal occasions only.

That's for naval dress.

Like a satanic mass.

Yeah, of course.

Or showering.

Well, showering.

Sure.

If you want to get it clean, unless you're in the rubber band laundering business, which I hope you're not.

God willing.

We should get into the rubber band laundering business as well.

It's not as lucrative as you would think.

Possible?

Rubber band laundering business?

I don't know that people would really make the connection of why it was titled that, but okay, I'm on board.

You're saying that's the name of a rubber band laundering business?

I was listing our joint business ventures, but I think it's actually a great title for a rubber band laundering.

It sounds grammatically unsound.

That's why people will like it.

Oh, okay.

You will be memorable.

I understand the people.

Toys are us.

Yes.

It's like Papoo's Hot Dog Show.

You don't know what it means.

Papoo's Hot Dog Show.

Oh, all right, possible.

No, it's still there.

No, no, it's gone.

What?

I live by it.

This is how I find out.

I live by it.

It's gone.

What happened to Papoo's Hot Dog Show?

Shut down literally a few months ago.

Why?

Why the health department?

I thought that an A.

Yeah, you know as well as I do that an A.

Do you know that system was based on Fonzie?

So if a restaurant was really good, it would get an A.

Yes, because he was cool.

That was his cool sound.

He would look around at the restaurant and give it the old A.

If it was a B, it was because he is moderately scared of B 's and that's worse than A.

That just B comes F day.

Oh, okay.

All right.

It's time to play a very special feature here on the show.

What's this now?

It's time to play a little something called wood.

You rather.

No.

I like how she's making fun of you.

What was that?

She's mocking you for being stuck.

You won't even look me in the eye after you make fun of me.

Look at me.

What's that?

How dare you?

Legitimately mucking you.

Hey, look at me.

No.

You son of a bitch.

All right.

I'll give it to you though because I've been I've been mocked by the best.

Consumed with guilt.

That's why they call it guilty in Jacobs.

Sorry.

Youtty.

Right?

I can do impressions.

They all sound like me.

That's the most talking you've allowed during the theme song.

I don't give a shit anymore.

I don't care.

Oh, this is quite a change.

Yeah, we're in our fourth year.

I don't care.

Happy anniversary.

Thank you so much.

Happy anniversary to us.

Yes.

The one hour mark.

This is the longest we've been married.

Yeah, you just broke your own record.

Oh, you just broke it again.

Congratulations.

Okay.

This is would you rather we all know how this is played.

People send me would you rather scenarios at our Twitter, which is at CBB.

W.I.R.

Don't send me personally.

I don't give a shit.

Send some of them to Scott person.

All right.

Scott Ockabend!

I will hope I will read them out loud and then I will open the floor for questions.

You are then allowed to ask me questions to help narrow down your choice.

At which point I will then close the floor for questions.

We will then vote and I will tally up the points and we'll ascertain who the winner is.

And that's pretty self-explanatory.

Oh, above board.

Yes.

No.

There's no quiz show type activity going on on this.

She's making the most of the coughs.

I want to laugh while I cough.

Hey, why do both?

You're a time saver.

Why not do both?

Good point.

Really checking down that water.

She's only like two drops left.

Did you step into our anti-chamber?

All right.

Here we go.

This comes to us from NYC Chevalier.

NYC Chevalier asks, would you rather be orbited by your own mini moon or get your emails and texts by listening to them on a popular radio station?

Would you rather be orbited by your own mini moon or get your emails and texts by listening to them on a popular radio station?

It does not surprise me that you have a question.

Why is that?

I just, you're a very inquisitive soul.

I like to know about people.

You know, that's why I live that.

A lot of people would say, why live until you're 80, you know?

But I mean, you're the very epitome of an inquisitive person that's always constantly trying to live.

I say, why not live while you're 80?

Yes.

Why not laugh and cough?

It does seem like disgusting fun.

So yes, your question.

Here's my question.

The hearing, the texts and emails on the radio station, can other people hear them or am I the only one that can hear them?

Yes, other people can listen.

Anyone who's within the signal of this particular terrestrial radio signal.

So they might hear ones, I mean, that's the only way I'm going to get these messages by listening to this radio station.

Yes, exactly, and whoever is in the signal range of this radio station will hear.

I mean, I guess this.

Do other people enjoy hearing these text messages and emails?

Well, it's the most popular radio station in that market.

Despite this glitch whereby one person's emails and text messages are being read aloud.

Yeah.

Well, they play Spanish music other than that.

But the only thing that's in between, they read your texts and emails and it's very popular.

People love it.

Yeah.

Number one.

Do people know that they're my personal texts and emails?

Oh, yes.

Oh, yes, yes, yes.

They love it.

Oh, so are people texting and emailing me just because they want to get heard on the radio?

A lot of people are emailing you song dedications and two loved ones.

It's wedding proposals.

It's Casey.

Casey is one of those people.

Casey is heavily involved, constantly emailing you because he needs Gene case to know how hot she was.

Now, is it just like in the morning they do this or is it all questions?

I appreciate you guys are not getting in here.

I'm fascinated by this scenario.

He knocked me over.

I was trying to, and he pushed me down.

I was moving around in my chair.

I would not say knock you over.

That's very...

But watch yourself.

Okay.

My question is, according to the moon question, can you...

Does the moon go inside with you?

Oh, of course.

Yeah.

I thought you meant inside of you.

No, inside a building.

Hey, does it go inside of you?

Oh, yeah.

It's orbit goes...

It's around your body, then it goes up through your butt hole and it around.

Oh, no.

That's not orbit.

Well, he's technically not, but I mean, that's what it does .

What word would you call it?

I don't know if it's a term for that.

It's very...

That's the problem.

There's no term for it, so we have to use orbit.

You know what?

You got me there.

Can you wish on the moon?

Sure.

As he falls asleep?

Yeah.

Can you...

Is there a man who lives in it?

Like an armoon?

Yes, definitely.

Okay.

And it's made of cheese.

Mm-hmm.

Okay.

But unfortunately, he's not going into your mouth and out your butt hole.

Like, cheese normally does.

It's the opposite.

So you're gonna taste poop as it comes out.

Oh!

Well, that's negative.

Pizza cheese is going through your butt and then out your mouth.

If you could keep your mouth open as wide as possible.

So then you get no piss.

It's through.

That's right.

Well, you would get used to it because you'd have this man for a while.

Exactly.

I should hope so.

You'd have to know why you'd be like a lame-like tongue flat.

And it's just that.

Because it's orbit is every 60 seconds.

Oh no.

That's so fast.

Oh, God.

What if you were trying to make love?

Or what if you were doing it?

You'd have to try if the moon was happening.

You'd be trying.

Yeah, you'd be exactly.

She's right.

You'd be trying to.

Who are you meeting that's like absolutely.

Here we go.

Some people are into this.

There's a fetish for everything.

That's a good point too.

So this guy's inside of you and you're timing your kisses so that he's not getting the fickle moon inside of his mouth.

Oh, I picked the radio.

What?

I picked the radio.

You can't.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Oh, you even hear me.

You don't even hear about that anymore.

I have a question.

How big is the moon?

Oh, see, this is what we're talking about.

Oh, that's a really good question.

Regulation-sized softball.

Oh my gosh.

How big is a non-regulation-sized softball?

Does your butthole automatically?

Oh, Gillian does not care about letting me answer that question.

And that's how you play.

I have a more pertinent question.

You're the one who decides?

That's how you play now.

You decide how pertinent the question is.

Oh, I realize.

Okay, good to know.

Does it hurt when it goes in your butt?

I have a question.

Yes, Gary.

Does it hurt when it comes out of your mouth?

Does it hurt when it's inside you, stunning?

Who is it?

Do they hate this?

Does it hurt when you're thinking about where it is inside of you?

Does it say the same size all the time?

Does your rectum close?

Yeah.

Do you have a gaping rectum now because of the moon?

Can you have dreams while this is going on?

Okay, in order.

Yes, yes, yes, no.

No, no, yes.

It is a gaping rectum, but not because of the moon.

Okay.

Mine's already late, though.

Yeah.

Five guys, burgers.

How about when the moon is just like a quarter moon?

Is it in danger of cutting up your intestines?

Gary, you realize when a moon is a quarter moon or a half moon that it's not literally disappearing?

It shrinks.

It's a shadow of a...

What's that?

Never mind.

I'm amazed that being the inquisitive soul you are at 80 years old you haven't learned about.

Do you think the moon is...

I want to know about people.

What happens during an eclipse, Gary?

Oh, let's see.

During an eclipse, the moon...

It dissolves, and then a new moon is reborn.

Interesting.

What happens during the new year, at the end of the year, into a new year?

Let's see.

The old man with the hourglass.

He shakes hands with the baby in the top hat, and the new year begins.

Right.

Have you ever chased one of those old men...

Very elusive.

Yeah.

I can imagine.

Has a predator ever gotten to one of them?

Probably.

Yeah, I bet.

Probably.

It's probably how we keep having new years.

Yes, of course.

Is your goal for us to just have one continuous year to stop?

There's a consummation to be wished, as the bods said.

Rod Serling.

I remember that episode.

It's like a playhouse 90.

No, it's good.

Any other questions here before we close the phone?

I will also take more questions about the moon and predators and old men new year.

That's right.

Okay.

I have more questions.

How do you write emails and texts back?

That was my question.

Thanks, honey.

You are a DJ on that very same station.

You do the morning shift.

So you can only write them in the morning?

Yeah, five to nine.

And you have to have a job.

You have to be fluent in Spanish.

Yeah.

That's fine.

They both saw.

Wait, are you fluent in Spanish as well?

I'm fluent in all languages.

Oh.

In all languages.

We're at Tamol.

Yeah.

Okay.

What's that?

Nope.

What is that language that you want?

What is that language that you mentioned?

Tamol.

Oh, Tamol.

Oh.

Did you know I thought it was Tagalog, but it's Tagalog.

We're going to get you those hearing aids after the show is over.

Everything's going to be so much better.

It's not about all your life here.

Yeah.

You just missed.

Yeah.

I never heard it out loud before.

I think the reason you talk so loud is because your hearing is bad.

I just like to yell.

I think that if you had some good hearing aids.

Yay.

If you had some better hearing aids going, you wouldn't have to yell so much, honey.

Wouldn't have to still wouldn't.

He loves it.

Yeah.

Makes me feel alive.

Yeah.

We're going to get some vocal cord surgery too later on this week.

All right.

Lady McBeth over here.

Snip them.

Any other questions here before we...

How damn spot?

Yeah.

You like it.

It's fun.

Right?

Yeah.

I love to yell Shakespeare.

I got a question.

Yes, Kerry.

There's an area where the text messages are read by the DJ.

You're doing drive time.

I'm doing drive time.

I speak fluent Spanish.

Do I have to read my own text messages and emails out loud?

Any time you get one, yeah.

If you're on that shift, you have to read out loud.

The ones you're writing.

No, no, he has to read...

If I receive a message...

If you receive a message...

Well, yeah.

You have to interrupt a song to read an email.

Yes.

Any time a text or a message comes out.

Do people get mad?

Oh, no, they love it.

They hate the music.

It's always still insist on playing the music.

Oh, yeah.

So the station...

We don't get that many emails.

The station quells.

Where you're just reading them continuously.

Did they ever repeat any?

Oh, yeah.

No, you do a countdown show with your most popular emails.

It's Casey K.

Some part of that.

Yes, he loves it.

Countdown to number one.

What about spam?

Like, what about, like, Viagra spam?

Yeah, those are really popular.

Yeah, okay, cool.

Yeah.

What about if I'm getting messages from the Obama campaign?

From, like, Robbie Mook?

President Obamacare, you mean?

Well, I don't know.

I don't know why you'd be getting emails from him.

I'm just gonna get political.

Yeah, keep it inside your brain, right?

Inside your brain.

That's true.

That's where it's meant to stay.

Sorry I brought it up.

Thank you.

It's hard, though, guys.

We're in trouble.

This country's in trouble.

Anyway.

Not as bad as Italy.

We'll just bring a scony.

We'll have our access to grind, I guess.

What about the drafts folder?

Yeah, I know you.

Anytime it's saved, like, Gmail will save you.

All right, like, Gmail will save a draft every 30 seconds.

You have to read that.

Oh, so I have Gmail.

But one of your friends changed your mind about what you're writing.

No, you still have to.

That's, yeah, unfortunately.

That's why you're constantly, before you even type a word, you have to be really sure about it.

Okay.

Yeah.

All right.

Yes.

Is it still the same alphabet as in this reality?

No, no, no.

It's a totally different alphabet.

I thought so.

Yeah.

One that you're not familiar with.

Right.

So this is a problem.

So, do the people listening understand the alphabet or is it gibberish to them?

No, they all understand it.

No, I don't.

Yeah, it's very difficult.

You have to have a chart and you have to do a conversion every single time.

Oh, I don't.

I disconnect the email account.

It seems like one trouble.

That is worth it.

Hey, it's modern society, man.

That's the way we're all communicating.

That's true.

You trapped.

Yep.

All right, guys.

I am closing the floor for questions.

We're all going to vote and what does that sound effect?

How do you sound effects?

Thank you so much.

We got to play that sound effect.

Anytime we close the floor for questions now.

The sound effect of a slapped person who closes the floor level.

Yes, exactly.

That's right.

All right, guys.

How are we voting?

Gillian, how do you like to vote on this?

Suicide.

Really?

Just either situation?

That's unprecedented.

I don't think anyone's ever chosen that.

All right.

Good to know.

All right.

Tracy, how are you voting?

The moon.

The moon and why is that?

You sound kind of wish on it and I have many things in my life.

I'd like to change.

Oh, yes.

Yeah, your life seems kind of, I don't know.

I feel kind of bad for you.

I feel like pity you.

It's not great.

Yeah.

Okay, and Mr. Marshall, how do you like to vote?

No, kiss.

All right.

Let me tally up the points.

Well, it looks like the only person who actually voted is Tracy.

So you are our winner.

Oh my gosh.

I've never won anything.

Congratulations.

There is no cash prize, but that is of course how we play, would you rather?

Thank you.

So congratulations.

Thank you.

Two, two, indeed.

Wow.

Yes.

All right.

That's how we play.

And guys, there's really only time for one more thing on the show this week.

Thank God.

And that is a little something that we call paul-logs.

I'll do anything you ask of me.

For love.

Even show up at the stage when I know you're all set.

That's why I listen to flones.

Oh, kind of a melancholy note at the end of that.

The child that we have is going to sound like that, Gary.

You guys are having babies together.

Oh, yeah.

Thought that part of my life was done.

But hey, well, out of a sec to me.

So we'll see what happens.

It doesn't have to be your children.

I'm just going to raise them as yours and take more money from you.

Always two steps ahead.

This is why I married you and will eventually be killed by your hand.

All right.

By the way, thank you Fomi and Green.

Fomi and Green, that was their song.

They wrote plugs.

The show was one person, a descriptive for one entity.

Fomi and Green.

If it gets two people, you think it's one person who is F omi and Green.

You know what I bet?

I bet it's a parent and a child.

That's what I would guess.

That's what it's only.

It's tough when kids get into showbiz.

Yeah, it really is.

I mean, you know better than anyone.

Yeah.

I ruined a lot of lives.

Yeah, you've exploited a lot of children.

I really have.

Yeah.

It's got bales doing good.

Yeah.

Like a whackford squeeze.

Dickens reference.

Nickle is Nicklebee.

It's a long one.

That's right.

Great expectations.

Yep.

Miss Havisham.

Also great expectations.

Not on topic necessarily, but a lot of characters in that one.

Yep.

All right.

So Fomi and Green, thank you so much.

If you have a similar or better, you know, I don't know how you could better that.

But if you have a theme, go head on over to earwolf.com.

Go on, Glenn.

Bang, bang, bang.

Sure.

And here we go.

Plug's what do we have to plug guys?

Gillian, obviously we have community this Friday, 830.

Yes, please.

Thank you and more.

Yep.

NBC.

Embassy.

And what else?

What else?

Any films in the can?

I got some films in the can.

Sure.

I got a film called Bird Wonder soon with Steve Krillin.

Jim Carrey that I bear in?

This is your second Steve Carell film?

Yep.

Did you just get drunk?

I did, yes, get drunk.

And I kissed Steve Krillin in this movie too.

So I'm...

You kissed him in the last one as well?

Yucky.

Wow.

So was the last one.

It was called Seeking a Foreign for the End of World.

About the Keira Knightley in the...

Keira Knightley.

..Curell movie, you know, and she was a waitress in TGI Friday's type restaurant.

And you kissed him in that and then you kissed him at...

Did you guys talk about it or...?

Yeah, yeah.

He said he requested me for this part the second time because he was like kissing me so much at first.

I'm just kidding.

Something weird.

What was the false name of the TGI Friday's type restaurant ?

Friendsies.

Ah, right?

I wish that you could just call it TGI Friday's.

You know what I mean?

Remember back when you used to be able to do that?

Yeah, you could just call products whatever they were.

Yeah.

You know how Mad Men talks about jaguars?

Yeah.

That's right.

The season and how they break down all the time.

Why can't you do that?

Everyone's afraid to do it.

Jaguar signed off on that.

They did?

Yep.

How do you know?

I read an article.

No, I'm talking about my favorite movie.

How do you know?

Oh.

Starring Jack Nicholson and Paul Rudd.

I love it.

So great.

Anyway, Tracy, what do you have to plug?

I want to plug my cousin's Twitter.

Okay.

Who's your cousin?

Lauren Lapkis.

Lauren Lapkis, the comedian?

Yes.

Oh, we're not in talks but she didn't want me to plug her Twitter in it.

You're not in talks?

I'm in communication.

Oh, I see.

You're not negotiating anything right now.

We're not in talks.

Anything.

All right.

No, so we're not communicating.

Girl, talk's like variety.

Thought it was the salt treaty.

Anyway, it's at Lauren Lapkis.

Please follow it, please.

L-A-P-K-U-S.

Any underscores or anything?

No.

Lauren Lapkis.

Yes, that's it.

Find it.

And I'm going to go next.

I think first of all, I want to thank our donor, Jason Di pperstein.

Jason Dipperstein, thank you so much.

$100 to Comedy Bank Bank.

Thank you so much, Jason.

Something special coming to you.

If you want to donate, go head on over to your wolf and you can hear your name read out loud by the likes of us.

Well, why bother?

It's for free.

Yeah, really.

We don't need it.

We're doing okay.

No, thank you so much, Jason.

And also, hey, Comedy Bank, T-shirts, they're out there and Comedy Bank, Live Shows.

There's a lot of stuff you can go check out on your wolf.

I was on one of those.

You were?

Where were you?

Philadelphia.

That was a great one.

Almost a Jersey Devil.

Not, he's not...

Why would Philadelphia be the home of the Jersey Devil?

Why I wondered, because you had asked her about Philadelphia and said, did you ever see the Jersey Devil?

And I thought they were connected somehow.

Yeah, it's more likely that Pittsburgh would be connected with the Jersey Devil.

Oh, okay.

You know I'm from Pittsburgh, honey.

I know a lot of things about you.

I looked up IMDB.

During the break, you IMDB.

That's the first time I went IMDB.

Oh, honey.

And then Mr. Marshall, what do you like to plug?

I just want to say, go to movies and join television.

Yeah, enjoy as much of the movies as you can.

As you can bear.

If you get through a whole film, you're a better man than I am.

All right, well that's it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Closing up the plug bag.

That's it guys.

Thank you so much Gillian.

Good luck.

Thank you in my marriage.

Good luck in your marriage.

I hope it works out for you.

How long do you think?

It's going to work out for me.

Yeah, boy.

You are a male.

Level it.

Tracy, thank you so much.

Thank you.

Please come back.

I'd love to hear about your travels and your sad, sad life.

Thank you.

And Mr. Marshall, always a pleasure.

Have for you.

All right, we'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪ Here it goes ♪ This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio boom.com.

The Wolf Dead.
