---
layout: page
title: 181. Casey Wilson, Adam Pally [14512⧸21065].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

In the first of two shows we're releasing this week, two cast members from Happy Endings, the hit ABC show are here with me today.

Casey Wilson and Adam Pally.

Fan favorites, favorites of mine, all of that and more on today's...

♪♪♪ Baby, I hate to see you go, but I love to see you poop.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

It's not bad. That's a pretty funny one. Thanks to Bedlam for that catchphrase submission if you have one, you know where to go. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. This is, of course, the podcast Comedy Bang Bang, Scott Ockermann, your intrepid host and October. Boy, fall is upon us. It really fell.

It fell hard. It fell hard. And we have a very special show this October for you. A lot of times on the show we have great comedians. Sure, that's part and parcel of what we do.

But every once in a rare while, TV stars...

You get bad comedians. You get crappy actors.

It's a lot of no while people are busy.

Every once in a while we got to scrape the bottom.

No, we have two giant TV stars on a major network show, which is a huge breakout hit.

Third season, a lot of shows don't even get to one season, let alone two and now three.

But...

Lovely cadence.

But yeah, we have from the...

People are like, do we do Chanel's here?

They're like, ooh, Zoe and Jake.

No, they'll be on at some point, I hope.

Are you doing a podcast with them at the same exact time, right?

Yeah, I'm actually all the questions that I'm saying are going to them too and I'm hearing them in my earphones as well.

That's why you're laughing.

That's why I have a little bit of a delay, everyone.

But no, I mean, we have from the huge breakout hit, Happy Endings on ABC, which is now moving to Tuesday nights coming out this Tuesday, this week starting its third season, 930, is that correct?

What's it...

9 o'clock.

We are at the center of the night.

You're at the top of the hour?

Top of the hour.

Following dancing with the stars.

Oh my God, that's huge for you guys.

It's really...

Wait, results show?

Yes.

I'll never mind.

Yeah.

No, that's probably even bigger.

You just watched Dancing with the Stars for the Action.

Oh, I just love the dancing.

I don't care who wins.

I'm always surprised when I tune in on a Monday the next week and go, what?

Who's gone?

Jenny Garth.

Yeah, well.

But I know, from happy endings we have, of course, the Good Pals.

We have Casey Wilson and Adam Pally.

Oh, that was kind of a pun, the Good Pals.

Yeah.

Yeah, we used to do...

Like your parents...

It's like my parents banned, yeah.

My parents...

Did you tell you everything?

No.

My parents, when I was growing up, before my dad became a doctor, they were actors and musicians.

So I was like, 10.

What?

Yeah, kind of weird.

But wait, they then gave that up.

Yeah, my dad was...

It was become doctors, pretty much.

Yeah, they...

My dad was a failing actor and he...

I was 10, so he really gave it a shot.

What?

And then...

How old was he when you were 10?

32.

Wait, he's so...

They had me young.

He becomes a doctor at 32.

Yeah.

He just starts then?

A failing doctor.

Oh, really?

Yeah, he's not that great.

Okay.

No, he's awesome.

But yeah, they were...

Thanks for clarifying that.

Yeah, sorry.

And that played like the Borshbelt and sang like Bette Mid ler songs and they were called Pally and Pally and Pally.

And my dad would play the piano and my mom would like lie on top of the piano.

Looking long, looking long.

Looking long anyway, loving me and my dad.

Okay, so questions.

When are we getting re-prey better?

And I was...

And I would be on the side of the stage with a Haitian babysitter.

Look at like barely hold your curse.

Another fact that Casey knows that you know is that I was a giant baby.

Gigantic.

There's a photo that he brought in.

Oh my god, this needs to go up on the website.

It is...

He is a baby and he's holding an apple but the way he's holding it looks like a gigantic drumstick.

And he looks like he's just gonna eat everything in his pack.

Yeah.

And I kept...

It's very cute.

When my parents came to visit, right before I had my baby, they were like...

They were showing that picture around saying like this is what we're gonna expect.

And everyone was like, wow, Holly, they're two, three.

My mom's like eight months.

Ooh boy.

Okay, so questions.

I'm very cute.

Who was the pal in Pally's pal?

My mom.

Your mom was the pal because she was not in the pally.

Well, she was a pally but she was...

Or could it flip?

It could flip.

I guess it could have flipped but I'm pretty sure that it was Pally and pal because my dad would go out first and then in the act.

Well, your dad would go out first and do what?

He would...

Do a little piano kind of like what's it called when...

Instrumental?

No, when you play a little bit of every song that you're gonna play.

Oh, a medley.

A medley but at the beginning.

So it's more...

Right.

It's like an overture.

An overture.

He would kind of do like a hammy overture and like warm the crowd up.

And be like, you ready Karen?

And my mom would like slink out.

And they'd like do their little thing.

Now was that due to some sort of deformity the way you were being...

Yeah, well my mom had no spine.

My mom had no spine.

Oh, I just...

And you say they would sing Bette Midler songs.

Yeah.

I can think of one, The Rose.

No, they would sing...

I dare you.

No, they would...

The ruthless people...

The big one.

The big...

The big one, the recording of that is played...

They made recordings.

They made...

Oh yeah.

That hasn't played in a while but what used to be played around the house was my dad would be like riffing on the piano.

And then in the middle of this conversation he'd be like, do you know what the most important thing in the world is Karen?

And my mom would be like, what's that Steven?

And he would be like, well friends.

And she would be like, well you gotta have friends.

Oh yeah.

And then they'd go into that.

Oh, I love it.

I love it.

I love that kind of thing.

Oh yeah.

You should see...

Do you have the recording on you by the way on your phone?

No, no.

It's in New Jersey.

But I do have in my phone which I will look for...

Sure, maybe during a break.

During a break.

But I do have the headshot that they toured with.

Oh, okay.

That comes up when my dad calls me.

Which is always scary when I get a phone call from my dad and if my dad like, Beegee's hair with a cape and a white jumpsuit.

Oh yeah, they had little capes on the back of the jumpsuits .

No!

With like little Dracula Transylvania...

Kind of.

Yeah, they're really huge collars.

Oh, God.

Oh, I love it.

Yeah.

So you're a show business kid.

Sort of.

I mean, a failed show business kid.

I mean, my dad called the quits and moved us to Chicago.

At what point does he call the quits and go, we're just not making enough money or what exactly what I'm not supposed to do?

He had...

I mean, you'd have to ask him about it.

He has a...

Oh, I'll ask him.

He'll ask him.

He has a couple of really interesting, funny, like early New York showbiz stories.

You know, his contemporaries were like Kevin Bacon and Christopher Reeve.

Really?

Yeah, Reeve, I guess.

And Reeve.

And George Reeve's Christopher Reeve.

Christopher Reeve wasn't Keanu's dad.

And then, and I think it was just like he lost a bunch of parts and was kind of like, at that point we hadn't booked anything in a couple of years.

And we talked about booking and casing on your last appearance.

Booking roles.

Oh yeah.

Booking, auditioning and booking is the worst.

I mean, auditioning in general is like the worst part of it .

I'm saying the phrase booking is so gross.

Booking is terrible.

Booked is horrible.

Yeah, booked is horrible.

That was the title of your last appearance case.

I just heard his story.

Booked it.

Yeah.

Booked it.

My friend just told me a horror story about that he was auditioning in this room with like a bunch of people.

And one of the guys is like waiting to go in and he gets a phone call and he's like, what?

Oh, awesome.

And he like hangs up his phone and he's like, guys, I just booked a pilot, runs out of the room like one of the waiting actors.

And everyone was like, oh god.

So people compiled so he couldn't even go in and audition.

Yeah.

Wow.

He had to go right back.

But anyway, by the way, I'm waiting on another podcast, by the way, to hire me.

So if I could have called in the middle of this.

You're just leaving.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

Well, I'm waiting for Corolla to hire me.

My parents were also into show business.

Into show business.

Meaning.

Not in show business, but like into it.

They just really liked watching.

You know, what I, my brother and I recently found a video.

We were like converting all our videos to, to TV.

I love that process.

A Wilson family.

So will you be converting them into Blu-rays and then?

Very soon.

Probably in 30 years.

And like four V's.

We were making them stocking stuffers.

And we saw this video where it's literally just our parents old school living room with this orange shag carpet.

No one's in the living room.

It's, it's, all it is is a wide shot of the living room.

And there's two entrances like from the office and from the for a.

You just had a boy.

Yeah.

Guys, we were rich.

We were rich.

And literally all you hear is just Louie Louie starts coming on to it's like, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.

We're like, what is this?

And one by one, my parents friends come out timed in a line from either side of the foyer and from the office with bearing like household items .

Like someone has a lamp and someone has like my doll.

And it's very scary.

And they sharply turn towards camera and walk in a line and then peel off like as they get to camera, like coked out of their minds and just like dancing around someone has like an end table.

And then they do it like 10 times like a choreographed dance.

That's like very ice stormish.

It was very odd.

My brother and I were like, what's happening?

And then I can hear my mom in the back and I'm like, tell it again.

All right.

That's my mom.

I am my mother's daughter.

That sounds like you.

That's about right.

Yeah.

Well, you guys, you're on the show happy ending.

So that's no surprise to anyone.

But you guys knew each other beforehand, right?

You weren't close, I would imagine.

You know each other through the UCB.

I think the UCB, the upright citizens brigade, especially in New York when we were when we were each there has this kind of like.

When we were coming of age.

Growing up in comedy.

Gross.

You know, learning art, learning our creed.

It's going to get worse.

Do you mean craft?

No, I mean, creed the band.

We were in the class.

Yeah, that was a great class.

What a world.

Last.

Holy Christ, your talk.

I just think that UCB has this thing where it's like you kind of all were there.

And so anytime you like, I remember when we both booked it, I emailed you.

We hadn't really talked in a while, but it was just kind of very easy to be like, hey, we're going to be on show together.

It was like you're working with a family member.

Yeah, it just seemed, it just seemed easy.

And so, and now of course, we know every single thing about each other.

We don't.

It does feel that we knew each other before.

We performed in like one show together.

Oh, yeah, one or two.

Yeah, in New York.

And the characters that you guys play, Adam, you play Steve and Casey, your.

Maxine.

Yes, perfect.

Perfect.

Yeah.

I'm a route.

I play Steve, the rowdy gynecologist.

And I play Maxine.

I am Shana, the flirty nurse.

No, okay.

So Adam, you play Max and you are, is there to describe your character?

I would say like gay frat dude.

Gay frat dude.

I would say.

You're the character that is not, I guess, stereotypically.

Yes, yes.

Not stereotypically.

A lot like the grossest character on the show.

Just the.

Yeah, I'm slovenly.

I'm overweight.

All on the show.

Alcoholic.

Still talking about the show, mind you.

Only the show.

I would say to me, the character reminds me of two great characters on the Sarah Silverman show, played by Sam Dagey and Brian Pousin.

And I feel like it's like an amalgamation of that with a little bit of my own kind of just being a dude.

Because now that the show has progressed so far, it's like you guys have kind of taken on aspects of your own personalities a little bit.

Yeah, I think the writers start to like know you and kind of know who you are and what you like.

And so it's, it's becomes part of you.

And so I think like it started off in that vein of like, this is kind of a more jocked up version of, of Stephen Brian.

And now it's kind of like become kind of me.

Just you.

And Casey, you play Penny and you have gotten into singing show tunes on the show.

So now it's just all Casey.

We're actually doing Louis Louis, but we'll only be hearing two and again.

We also can't afford that show so we, that song.

So we really will be.

And Casey, you had a really great, I mean, you both had like an amazing season last year where the Halloween episode was a big breakout where you guys did a day, a costume together.

It was a, it was all about how couples costumes in Halloween.

Yes.

Accurately describing it of like, because that's a thing and Halloween is coming up in a few days, but that's a, right around the corner.

That's a thing where couples go out and pick costumes together and actually cool up and I owe, we have a great costume.

What do you guys do?

Cause, cause, cause, cause, cause, cause me and my wife have, have something.

And the opera this year.

Really?

Okay.

I hope you guys are doing, you should be doing, um, Walking Phoenix and Reese from my life.

We've done that before.

Cause my wife looks like a Jewish Reese Witherspoon.

So.

Cause you look like.

And I look like a Jewish, so we have done Jewish, uh, Johnny Cash in June.

Oh, that's a dessert.

But this year we have the baby.

So we're going to mix him in.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

I think we're going to, I'm going to mix your baby into mine too.

Good.

Well, we're all, we are going to get it.

Yeah.

We'll just trade off.

Um, so what do you got?

Um, live action, uh, Stewie Lois and, uh, Peter Griffin.

Oh, interesting.

Because we actually do look like them a little bit.

And my baby's head is abnormally huge.

Oh, I like it.

85th percentile.

Yeah.

Uh, of how big his head is.

Wow.

Yeah.

He has a large head.

God, what if you were 99?

I know.

I kept thinking when they were 85, I was like, they're probably just being nice.

They don't want to be like, never break the news.

This is the biggest human head we have ever seen.

Like once they get to 85, they're like, that's big enough.

We don't have to tell them.

He might be an actor though because the actors have giant heads.

They do.

And I, and I have, uh, I suffer from a melon head.

I have a melon head.

I mean, you have a melon head, but you also have a melon body.

I sort of imagine.

I am large all the way around to fit.

Beautiful words.

Yeah.

A real bad watermelon body.

Yeah.

That sounds right.

Yeah.

I think of myself as a snowman.

And you have one big fat cantaloupe, right?

Yes.

Yeah.

I'm round.

Right.

Uh, I, I'm like a snowman.

Great.

I don't have to do that.

Where are you in Koolop going as?

Uh, we're, uh, we were watching the newsroom.

Uh, one of the last episodes of the newsroom.

I don't know.

What is this?

And that scene where, uh, Jeff Daniels, right from Dumb and Dumber, no, Dumb and Dumber, uh, he's going to change debates forever.

Right.

And so.

Are you gonna put the shirts on?

Yeah, we're gonna put the shirts on the same Michelle box.

She's going to have one.

No, I'm mine says Michelle Bachman.

Perfect.

She's gonna have slicked back hair like that actor did and her, her says, uh, I can't remember who it was, but someone like Mitt Robney or something like that.

So we're the debaters from the newsroom.

You know, I, I applaud your, your ingenuity and creativity, but I must say that's about a 10%er.

You're gonna be walking around, you're gonna be walking around parties explaining that long story.

Everyone is, everyone is gonna think that we're trying to be the people and doing a lazy costume.

Yeah.

No, no, no.

But what are you going as this year?

I don't know.

I haven't gone as anything the last couple of years.

Really?

Yeah.

You've been toned down in Halloween.

You know, it's like I wear costumes every day.

Ew.

I can tell you, I can tell you another disturbing costume that Danielle and I went as what?

Who wants to a big party?

What?

We went as, um, Paul Dano and the little girl from Little Miss Sunshine.

Oh, this is funny.

What did Paul Dan aware in that movie?

I'm trying to picture like, he just wore like a yellow shirt and vans, but it was really funny just seeing me next to her as the, as the girl, yeah, the sunshine.

I have like a standard costume, which is not even that funny, but it's, I have it, which is like this white dress that I put a beach ball in.

So I'm like a pregnant bride and then I add black eye makeup.

Like I've been beat up and it's a weird, it's, I don't even know what it is.

Something from your psyche.

Yeah.

It's like something dark.

I'm gonna keep going back to that.

Well, I know.

And I, in every year, she's like kind of more battered.

It's very odd.

I'm gonna put on the black eye.

Yeah.

Like here I go.

That's my year again.

I fell on the stairs.

You guys did in the, in the show, in the happy ending show, you guys did a couples costume where Adam, I remember you were a baby.

Yes.

Penny had wants to do this couples costume way too soon in a relationship.

And so, but then of course he breaks up with her.

And so Adam's character went with me and I was a mom with a baby Bjorn and Adam's ahead.

He's sticking out of my boobs.

It was a large headed baby.

I mean, it was, you guys think he's on baby arms?

Tiny baby hands and baby feet.

That was one of my favorite things we've ever filmed.

So funny.

But thinking back on it, it was so painful.

Oh my God.

We were in this harness where I was kind of, I was standing .

You were sitting on a massage like.

On an ergonomic chair.

But that implies that it was comfortable to see a massage chair.

No, no, no.

And then we're draped with a costume.

Our sweat.

I can't even describe this.

Just commingling.

Oh yeah.

And commingling is the best word for it.

No one was comfortable.

Neck and tits wet actually makes a nice suit.

You guys should have saved some of that in Oxford at all.

We should have sold it.

This is some neck and tits wet for us.

I've never been like more uncomfortably close to someone.

But we did it for three, four days.

Yeah.

And I remember the.

Like 16 hour days.

Yeah, the funniest thing that you said to me too was like there was an option for us to be in the tag, you know, like at the end of the show in the credits roll.

We do like a little technical term.

It's a show but it's terms called the tag.

It's much like booked it.

These are Hollywood terms.

We had booked the tag together.

Wow.

It was a big deal because they made it.

When you get scripts, you call each other and go, I booked the tag.

We're in the rest of the show too.

No, we don't do that.

But I'm like, I'm like, oh, it's very happy to see that I'm in the show.

I feel renewed.

We talked about that last time you were on the show.

How we the first time you were on this show was the week you got fired from SNL.

We don't have to tell the story again, but listen to Casey 's last appearance for a horrible story.

Oh my God.

I'll tell it.

Okay.

You tell it.

So I've literally.

We're at Indy 10031 back where we used to do the show.

That's important.

Which was a, which was a hell space.

No, it was a great space and we had a great program director who started the show.

Yeah, the program director who we owe doing the show to because he.

That wasn't that little place on.

No, no, no, no, no.

Because that place was disgusting.

No, Indy 10031 was really nice.

It's a pro radio station.

It's a radio station.

Yeah, okay.

Are we going to go into an ad for them?

Okay.

So we were, no, we, we, I walked in and I think Lorraine Newman was on the show.

Yes.

We had Lorraine Newman and Kevin.

And Kevin, you know, and me.

Oh my God.

And not only just me, I had, you know, found out that.

You had just gone the call.

Yes.

Fairly recently.

And it had just gone.

It had just gone public that morning.

That day.

So I'm soldering on and I said, you know, I'm.

Putting on a brave face.

Yeah.

And she says, yeah, sure, I'll do the show.

You came by.

You still did it.

We were doing sort of a weird SNL special where we talked about people's relationships to SNL too.

And you still were like very nice.

Right.

And when I went in, right before we started, I'm like introducing myself to everyone and the program director has his back to us.

Or maybe he did see me, which it makes it bad.

He just kind of walked in like he would always like.

Shuffling with some things.

And he never had anything to do.

He just wanted to be there to like see the in the same room with Kevin Neal in or something.

Yeah.

And then he just goes, Hey, you guys here, those two girls got canned.

Listen up.

But it was such a funny use of the word can.

Yeah.

That to me was not a word that you ever would say.

Show this time.

And I was one such girl.

Moving on.

It was so uncut because he's not a guy who would make small talk either.

She is among us.

Serency.

Rocks and breeze among us.

He's just waiting for something to relate.

We laughed.

I mean, it was so funny and just crazy.

He felt terrible.

He's like, Oh my God.

And you like went out of the room.

I think that.

I was like, Kevin Neal in a pleasure to meet you.

I'm wearing your hats off.

It was five of us.

One of the great.

You're one of the greats.

Actually, you're sorry about the tag though.

What were you talking about the tag?

Oh, I was just saying it's the only time I've ever seen Casey voluntarily take herself off camera.

They gave it.

That's like Todd Glass throwing away a microphone.

Yeah.

It doesn't happen.

Usually we do this bit where we'll get Casey and I usually sit across from each other at the table reads.

And if we don't, if we're not happy with the amount of screen time, we'll be like, you want this highlighter because it's full.

And I'm always like, can't give you this highlighter because I've used it.

Yeah, it's empty.

It's empty.

And this was the one time she was like, you know what?

I don't want to do it anymore.

It's too much.

And I sat in my trailer like, what have I done?

What have I become?

Yeah.

But when you look back on it, you made the right call.

Oh God.

That's me being me and a woman's bathing suit.

And then I was like, damn it, Adam, still found his way into the tag.

Yeah, I don't got the last laugh.

Well, I remember the directors like, Casey's won't be in the tag.

You want to be in the tag?

I was like, fuck yeah, I want to be in the tag.

I booked that.

The funny thing about just like laughing about our show is that they let us improv a lot.

And so at the end of every scene, every actor tries to get the button.

And so it's like every scene ends with 20 minutes.

Just competing buttons.

Just heating buttons, of which probably none are usable.

Oh yeah, to the point where now it just becomes volume, like people run out of things.

And so they're just like, what?

And now we've learned like, if you don't do that, if you have crazy reaction, like they all cut to you.

Right.

So if someone's just saying something very normal, like, oh my car broke down.

I'm like, no, I didn't.

Yeah.

Everyone's competing for that.

For the player.

Out there your car.

Yeah.

I've even brought it down to like silent looks, which won't play on the podcast.

But for you guys in the room, like if someone says something, if someone's like, well, Dave, it has to go to the food truck, I'm like, Adam just opened his mouth really well.

Yeah, I like, you know, surprise take.

I want to make sure that they know this is usable.

And sometimes I try to quickly calculate, I should go the other way, which is like, you know, when everyone's gone so big, I'm going to go small.

And it just, you have to really jockeying.

I love it.

All right.

Well, tell you what, why don't we take a break when we come back?

Well, more from the two best tapi endings cast members.

Yep.

That's what we told you to say.

You're right, right.

We'll be right back with comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back with the happy endings crew.

We have Adam Pally, we have Casey Wilson.

And we were talking about Halloween.

Is there a Halloween episode this year or is it too early in the order because you guys are premiering this week?

We did shoot one.

We just, just in the opening of the show, we all are in costume.

Yeah, we couldn't, we couldn't do a whole episode this year 's because of the way that the timing worked out.

Right.

We like Halloween on our show, so we wanted to give it a go .

Super.

Yeah.

Look for that.

All right.

So it's time to play a little something on the show that we like to call fortunately, unfortunately.

Mm.

Yeah.

Oh, right.

It's time to play.

Unfortunately, unfortunately, we all know how this is played.

I will start with a sentence.

And then let's go.

What do you guys like better clockwise or counterclockwise?

Do you guys have any opinion on that?

Clock.

Always go clock.

Why not?

We're not in Australia.

Let's go clockwise.

So I will say a sentence, Adam, you will then say a sentence starting with fortunately.

Mm.

Uh, Casey, you will then say another sentence starting with unfortunately and we will alternate until we run out of gas.

I'm going to sign a winner.

Great.

All right.

So here we go.

Um, I was shipwrecked and I found myself on a desert island the other day.

Fortunately, I had my copy of snow patrol with me.

Unfortunately, I had nothing to play it on.

Fortunately, I was able to fashion a CD player out of cocon uts.

Unfortunately, I realized that, uh, that's not going to work.

What?

Wait, hold on.

Did you just deny my sentence?

No, I was playing it real.

You're playing it real.

You're not going to a CD player.

Before that he was doing did I act?

I want everyone to know.

Um, okay.

So, uh, fortunately I got my head back in the game and realized, you know what?

I think I could make this work.

Unfortunately, then I realized it's not going to work.

Uh, fortunately, I then realized it will work.

Unfortunately, I thought to myself, damn it, not going to work.

But fortunately, I realized then, you know what?

I think this thing's going to work.

Unfortunately, uh, after thinking hard on it and I'd much you take your time with it.

And throwing some things against the wall, seeing what's this.

Yeah.

And then circling back on it, I realized this may not work.

Uh, uh, uh, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, I thought to myself, let me sit down.

And really maul this.

Let me just process.

Let me work through this.

And I'll tell you what I came to at the end of the tunnel on that one.

This just might work.

Mmm.

Unfortunately, uh, I then realized it was going to work, but I didn't have a CD of snow patrol.

I brought my vinyl because I collect vinyl.

Mmm.

Unfortunately, I realized.

No, I was unfortunately.

Oh, God.

That doesn't mean that mine can't be unfortunate.

Yes, it does.

That's exactly what it means.

Okay.

Fortunately, I realized I was quite unfortunate.

Ha ha ha ha.

How was that unfortunate that you were so unfortunate?

Well, what happens if I wasn't realized that I was unfortunate, then I went my whole time on this island thinking I was, that's a good point.

Mmm.

Yeah.

perspective.

Fortunately, I found it.

I was unfortunate and that this was not a record at all.

Oh, God.

Now you're denying my sentence again?

What was it?

It was a whole empty rice bowl.

Empty rice bowl.

Oh, God.

All right.

Here we go.

Are we continuing?

Yeah, let's try one more sentence.

Unfortunately, I realized that fortune is all we have.

And fortunately, I have a great perspective on something and with, I have a record player.

Is that what I have?

Talk to Scott.

Ha ha ha.

I believe that you have an empty rice bowl.

I think that's what you're saying.

Oh, Jesus Christ.

Fortunately, I again realize I have an empty rice bowl and, and the universe is working in my favor.

Mmm.

And that's how we play, fortunately, unfortunately.

I lost.

No, no, no.

Yeah, I know.

No, no, no, no.

I love this.

All right.

That's, that's actually not how you play, unfortunately, fortunately.

I should stress to the listener.

It isn't.

I feel like you got us a bit off track here.

I'm sorry.

I'm quite lovable even though I'm annoying.

What would you say is, what would you say if I sang out a tune?

I don't know.

Why would you stand up and walk out?

I might stand up and walk out.

What would you say is coming up on the show this year that people can look for something you guys have obviously shot a whole bunch.

Oh, yeah.

We're about eight, nine deep right now.

Yeah.

Eight, nine deep.

That's another show that's there.

What would you say is like something, can you hype anything that's happening?

I mean, you guys at one point were sort of hinting at relationships with other characters.

We were and this year, Penny gets a boyfriend and yes.

Yes.

Finally.

Can you say who plays the boyfriend?

I can.

Nick Zano.

Yes.

Oh, you Zano heads out there.

She is quite a looker.

The women are running around like a man is coming to set.

Oh, you Zano maniac.

He's very cute.

So that's exciting and in the first episode, well, oops.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Okay.

What?

You haven't said anything.

In the first episode, oops.

Should I let everyone know we have one episode?

My thoughts, my mind was running a foul with.

In the first episode.

It comes out tomorrow, 9 p.m.

Maybe.

It comes out tomorrow, Max and Penny have a story lined together, which is really fun.

Penny is involved in a horrible accident and breaks every bone basically in her body, from her neck down and Max has to take care of her.

Oh, yeah.

I love it.

Turns into a bit of a misery situation.

Yeah.

He's drugs me and tries to keep me sick.

Seriously.

Yeah.

It gets a little weird.

Oh my gosh.

A little weird.

What about guest stars?

Oh, Casey, last season you have that great duo with Megan Malali.

Is she back this year?

Yeah, she'll be back.

McKee and I'll be back.

Mm.

And then Rachel Harris.

Rachel Harris, Rob Cordy will be with us for a bunch of episodes.

Yeah.

Daily is coming back.

Daily.

John Daly.

John Daly is coming back.

What about Seth?

I know he's on goon.

Seth is on goon.

I don't know.

I don't know what the...

I love whenever he pops up.

Oh my gosh.

On this episode we shot last year that's going to air this year as a kickball episode.

And he is so funny.

So funny.

Oh my God.

So funny.

Yeah.

I think I hope he comes back of Goon Let's Im.

I don't know what Goon's...

What Goon's...

He's been pretty regular on Goon so far.

Yeah.

And he has been...

And he told me he's been pretty regular in life lately.

Really?

Yeah.

He's taking a lot of good chicks.

Everything feels regular for him.

Okay.

Good to see you.

Yeah.

I would hope that Goon would let him out.

Yeah.

Another member of Goon was on our show too.

Gell.

He's a good man.

Come together with Matthew Perry.

September 11.

Every time I drive by that poster I'm always like, oh there 's Brett and then right underneath that it's like laugh with us on September 11th.

Yeah.

So bold.

Yeah.

It's like that's when it laughs again.

Yes.

September 11th.

Who else is on the show this year?

Who's the biggest star?

Like do you have Woody Allen?

Allen.

Long list.

Well starting with Barbra Streisand.

Barbra Streisand?

Streisand's on?

Yeah.

You're carrying me.

Three episode arc as a table.

What?

Holy, that's amazing.

That's a really great...

A lot of big stars on it.

Yeah, a ton.

Fade on away.

Fade done away.

That's crazy.

Jeremy Piven.

Mmm.

Pivs.

Jeremy Pivs.

Seven Ep arc.

Yeah.

You have to have him for seven episodes because I mean just what would you do with his character in just one?

Well you can't tell that story in just one.

He's playing his character from Montourage too isn't he?

Oh absolutely.

Yeah.

Is like one of the characters getting into show business?

Yeah.

And he's representing him?

A table that Barbra Streisand is playing will be getting into show business and Harry Gold will be representing her.

A lot of twists and turns into season.

Wow.

Oh yeah.

Actually Scott.

Yes ma'am.

It was asked of me by a friend who writes on our show if you...

Would you do some acting on Happy and an actress?

Wait a minute.

Boiler.

She's Boiler alert.

Acting.

I was like what did you feel about that Mr. Aquaman?

Acting.

How would you feel about that Mr. Aquaman?

Speak the speech I pray you.

Oh.

I think he's writing.

I would be happy to be on it.

Let me know if I should shave the beard if I should keep the beard.

What's going on?

I need to happen on this.

I'll let you know.

Yeah I would be happy to.

What call you baby?

Baby boy.

Who call you baby boy?

This is the end of this conversation.

We'll call you baby boy.

Who's boyfriend and what am I playing?

That's so fun.

Every time we ask a friend like I feel like there's always this weird moment.

Am I going to have to kiss you?

Yeah there's this weird moment where they look at me.

They're like awesome.

Are we...

Can we make it out?

Make it out.

I have to be like I don't know but you're cool about it right?

Hey I was in Jesus Christ Superstar.

Jesus understood where Judas and I had a very sensual kiss.

Kiss a betrayal but nonetheless...

I don't remember that part from Jesus Christ Superstar.

When Judas kisses him to let everyone...

This is like an experimental theatre wing.

But that's like...

Come on.

I know that you're a Jew but come on.

You know I don't know.

I know I'm in the show.

The greatest victory in Jewish history killing Jesus.

What precipitated it?

Right next to getting Second Avenue Deli at another location.

That is that.

But I mean that's the hottest part of the story.

Jesus and Judas kissing right?

I like to worry murder.

I think that you might be interpreting this in a different way.

I can't even tell anyone talking about the hottest part of that story and certainly not that part.

It's the way...

It's like wearing a pink carnation on a blind date.

It's the way that he let the Roman soldiers know who Jesus was.

He laid a big smacker on him.

And boy I tell you that was the scene that we never rehears ed it but when we did it on stage.

It was there on the day.

It was electric.

They call that on the day.

I am ready.

So whatever you need.

That's good.

That's good to be ready.

I've done a lot of research for my role.

And we'll see who's ready.

We're going to out ready.

You're not ready until you've had a friend of yours finish in the back of your throat.

Oh god.

Happy endings people are going to love this.

ABC if you're listening.

Happy endings.

They're not.

Yeah I get why they wouldn't.

I tell you what let's take another break when we come back a lot more from Casey.

More from Adam.

We'll be right back.

Comedy, Bang, Bang.

We're back with Casey and Adam.

Happy endings.

It's out on Tuesday.

And I love the show.

I've told you guys this.

I mean I'm an avid watcher.

It's one of the few TV comedies.

I love watching.

I loved it from the jump too.

I'm not one of these guys who is like.

You know.

You're just coming at the baby Bjorn.

No you know what I'm saying?

That was a good saying.

That's like a show you're saying like jump the shark.

Yeah.

Coming in at the baby Bjorn.

Coming in at the Bjorn.

Which means halfway through second season when it gets good .

No I was there through all the rough patchy starts.

Thank you for saying that.

You know usually we find out that people that do like our show were from the beginning.

They're really grown in.

They're really grown in the new ones.

If you were on in the beginning then you're still with us.

No but I love you.

I love your show.

I think it's one of the best written and best acted show.

I mean just you the chemistry between all you guys is so amazing.

I love the entire cast and you're also funny on it.

I really love it.

I just wanted to put that out there for anyone listening to this show who's not watching it.

You guys should sample it because it's a really great show.

Oh that's awesome.

And it's nice to have that endorsement.

From you who we were.

Respect.

Of course.

I love it greatly.

Well that's enough of that bullshit.

Let's get to something that we like to call the freestyle rap contest.

Oh God.

Yes.

Pump it up.

Turn my headphones up.

Ahh too loud.

Too loud.

Let's equalize him.

Somewhere in between where it started.

I'm actually not a great rapper if you can believe it.

A little louder.

Yeah that's the sweet spot.

Ahh.

Casey as you are new to the freestyle rap contest I will let you pick the subject matter.

Okay.

Baring in mind we're in the middle of October here.

What does that bring to mind to you?

It brings to mind it brings to mind fall and let's do Halloween.

Well we've done fall and Halloween.

We've done, we have in the rap.

In the freestyle rap contest.

Really?

We tend to do them in October I've noticed.

Oh yeah.

How about something?

How about anything off the top of your dome?

What about women's?

Women's.

Yeah.

Okay.

Women's with a Y.

That's right.

Alright well.

The feminist movement specifically.

Yeah.

Alright so Adam you can start us off here whenever you want to drop in.

Okay.

One.

Two.

One.

Two.

Hey all you women's out there out there.

Put your hands in the air in the air in the air.

You can vote now.

Congratulations.

You're funny even though Adam Corolla says you ain't.

What's the difference between right and left?

I'll tell you it's a woman with a cleft in her chin.

That's weird.

Why would a woman have a cleft in her chin?

Cause she's cute and adorable.

With dimples in her cheeks.

Wrapping and making jokes on the sheets.

But not exclusively in the sheets.

She's very smart and intelligent and funny.

But not boil her down to an object.

That's the way that the women rap goes.

Kaser.

Yeah.

You rhymed once.

No I did not but I learned that you don't have to.

No you don't have to do this.

Alright here we go.

The bedroom.

The boardroom.

These are the two places that women can be.

The bedroom.

The boardroom.

These are the two places for my baby.

My name's rapper Scott and I'm here to say it's fun to rap in a feminist way.

Ladies if there's something you missed.

It's you forgot to be a feminist.

It's the only way to be.

Because you want to get your rights.

You don't want to be in fights with all the men.

You're 47% of the population.

Why is that?

You think it would be a straight 50.

I don't know.

Maybe people in China throw away their babies when they're female.

They throw them out.

They throw them in the dump.

Pup, pup, pup.

Put them all in.

Shoot them through the dome.

Oh god.

Execution style Chinese babies.

I'm out.

And a violent verse.

That was really powerful.

Alright Casey.

Break that glass ceiling Casey.

Break that glass ceiling.

Yeah.

Here we go guys.

Oh wow.

Oh yeah.

Oh.

Oh wow.

Oh.

That's all I know?

No.

Don't bail.

Come on.

You guys.

But those mons were rhyming.

They were actually rhyming.

But I thought I would go kind of fly above the words.

Yeah.

Don't Camarino this free cell rap.

What did he do?

He just went aha, aha over and over.

Come on.

Yeah.

You want to be better than Camarino right?

Can I?

Oh.

Kick that beat back in.

Kick that beat for Casey.

Kick that beat back in for this scared comedian.

Oh.

M.C.

Penny.

Follow your fear.

I'm sweating.

Follow that fear.

What's the worst that could happen?

At least sing something.

Do a hook.

Do a hook for us to rap off of.

Okay.

We're watching a breakdown happen.

Okay.

Oh God.

Okay.

I'm spiraling out.

I don't know what to say.

I'm dying inside.

I don't know how to rap at all.

Oh God.

You like this song.

It's about women.

It's about bringing back to subject.

I don't think I can do it.

Wow.

You do not care about women.

I do care about women.

This is a whole chill play around.

Let's bring you some of crying.

She's almost crying.

Let's bring the beat down and just talk about women and what it means to you.

And then maybe we can get some lyrics out of this.

We're really good at making lyrics.

We need to write these down.

What is this?

This is turned into a nightmare.

You're sort of women's issues are important to you.

I'm fully sweating.

I think you broke out in the hives.

I'm shaking.

Not the band the hives.

To be a good version.

I'm like, oh God.

You know what's crazy?

During my freestyle rap, I caught a glimpse of your eyes and they were, I would say judging.

No they were.

At one time, when I mentioned cleft, you turned to Scott and went with the eyes again.

Eyes a gape.

Like are you going to allow this?

What's he going to say?

And then when it came to your turn, we found out you have nothing to say.

Guys, on the topic of women, I've got nothing.

Oh yeah.

You picked the topic too.

I know.

Alright.

Who has disappointed you more today?

Me or Anno?

It is a dead heat.

It really is.

It is equal.

I feel like I'm a head of expectations from my last appearances.

Yeah.

Your last one was really rough stuff.

That was really rough.

Rough stuff.

Although to be fair, you did send me a text that said, come in and screw this episode up.

I don't say screw the episode up.

I said, Scott sent me a text that come in and don't rap.

That's awesome.

Adam sent me a text saying I'm going to be late, I think, because I started.

No.

Not the case.

You sent me a text.

Oh no, no.

Andy's always early.

Yeah.

You said Andy's here.

Hurry up.

Andy always gets here like an hour early and surprises us and goes, yeah, let's start.

And then I always have to send you a text of like, Andy got here early.

What can you get here?

And so I just kind of sent you one saying, just barging in the middle of it.

I didn't say let's ruin it.

I think you said fuck things up.

So it's barging in the middle and fuck things up.

And that's what I did.

You really did.

Today I'm doing it from the beginning.

And no barging in.

That's what's there.

You were here before Casey.

Yeah.

I was late.

Also, I will.

This was a funny Casey specific.

She sent me a text this morning on 915 with the address of this place.

Right.

Don't be late.

I didn't know that they didn't know that he's been here so many times.

Yeah, it would just be classic.

You're like, I'm not going to be here.

I'm going to be here.

Because you won't rap.

Yeah, exhibit A, that freestyle rap.

Guys, that's a dark moment.

It really was.

I think it was.

You're in a tight spot.

I know.

Do you ever do like improvised musicals in your shows?

I never did because I'm terrified.

You know, the only time I've ever was on your show.

They came up and they were like, Reggie wants to improvise a song with you.

Oh, yeah, you were great on the body.

That was awesome.

The viral video.

You were fantastic in it.

I was racing around and I had no choice.

I just went right into it.

So are you so scared of something that you're good at?

He's a supportive partner.

I love him.

We're not supportive partners?

No.

I gave you another second chance on this.

I never give anyone a second chance.

I'm not going to fight this because I know I'm not a supportive partner.

Okay.

Yeah.

No.

All right.

Let's take another break.

I'm going to go back to the end of the video.

To be the gynecologist for the quality.

Is that more than one time?

That's your job.

Find what you love to do and do that.

I feel like work.

I'm also going to expand that to include male koalas butth oles.

You're a proctologist.

You have to live in Australia?

I guess so.

If you want to be an actor moved to LA, if you want to be a koala gynecologist, I can do it my way.

I have John Roberts, Chief Justice, bang it on you with his gavel.

You have to ask any questions.

I've asked a ton of questions.

I have.

I said that's your job.

I asked if it was true.

I'm not going to ask questions.

I'm closing the floor.

I would be a koala gynecologist.

I'm not going to ask questions.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockermann.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.com The Wolf Dead.
