---
layout: page
title: 182. Tim Heidecker, Joe Wengert, Lauren Lapkus [14553⧸21066].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Friend of the show and star of the upcoming movie The Comedy, Tim Heidecker is here in studio with us.

Always a treat to hear him.

And of course we have a couple of newcomers to the show.

Can't wait to talk to them all that more all on today's!

A sooty veil of anguish draws over my eyes as she slinks away .

And her legs, stockings, angular, cross over each other and form ampersands as if to tease me, to remind me that we were bonded once, intertwined, interlaced, if not in love, then in circumstance.

And should we meet again both ruddy, cheeked, and randy, perhaps eyeing each other across the lonely desert of a hotel bar, then she will tip a glass and salute, and I will tip a bottle in reply.

While trying my best to forget that faithful and blasphem ous night, when beneath the water stained ceiling on the twice-flipped mattress I told her that I've never seen the ocean.

And she placed her hand upon my chest, her hair spilling over it like a slick of oil.

And she uttered that inevitable catchphrase, lots of funny for zero money.

Can I get a comedy bang bang she bang, whoop whoop.

Wow, good catchphrase.

Thank you so much, Aaron Starmer.

Aaron Starmer for that catchphrase submission.

A little long for a catchphrase, but poetic.

And if you have a catchphrase submission, feel free to go on over to earwolf.com and put that in the appropriate thread in the comedy of bang bang message boards.

But that transported me to another place in time.

Wow.

That really moved me.

That was very moving.

And speaking of moving, we have a very moving show.

And one that if you're in your car listening to us, you'll be moving.

So lots of synchronicity happening right now.

And this is a special Wednesday show.

And when my first guest got a hold of me and said, Hey, get me on your stupid show.

I got a stupid movie.

I want to talk about it.

It comes out on a Wednesday of all times and dates.

And I said, you know what?

I don't put out shows on Wednesday.

I already have my Monday show.

We did the happy ending show with Casey Wilson, Adam Pally on Monday.

But I said, you know what?

Let me schedule a special show because this guy is my buddy .

We just went on tour together.

We had a great time.

And I said, you know what?

More bang bang for your buck buck.

I'll put out two shows this week.

And that's what I did.

And that's what you're listening to right now.

And I think that covers it.

So let's wrap it up, right?

Thanks for having me.

No, of course we want to introduce you.

You're an old friend of the show.

Of course you know him from both stage and screen.

And you know, the clues are there.

It seems like only recently I had just started doing the show because I hadn't done it for many for a while.

Right.

You are first year, maybe year and a half.

You took a pass.

Refused.

Yes.

And then at a certain point you were like, you know what?

I got something I want people to know about.

I got a record out at that.

I believe your record was your first time you came on the show.

Yes.

I come here to plug things.

I don't come here because I want to be here.

No.

You don't have a good time here.

No.

And the audience knows that.

Yeah.

You're pretty unnatural to do this kind of thing.

It is because normally if we were talking at a party, we would just have a regular conversation where maybe I'd ask you a few questions.

Maybe you'd ask me a few questions.

You would be talking in your normal accent.

Yeah, that's right.

I mean, this thing that I'm doing right now is- Affected voice that you use.

I don't know that that's an accent as much as it is.

I'm trying to enunciate.

I see.

So I don't mumble as much as I do in real life.

I'm Tim Heidecker.

I was getting to that.

I'm sorry.

I thought you wanted me to- You're bearing the lead.

No, yes.

We know you from- What do people know you from?

What work do you have in the blogosphere?

I started the comic strip stitches.

Mmm.

I've got big comic strips run by King Syndicate since 1992.

Congratulations.

So, yeah, we're celebrating our 20 year anniversary.

Wow, syndication money.

That's great.

Stitches, three panels, and we're introducing- Next year, we're going to eight.

Whoa!

Eight panels.

So I have to kind of rethink about the way I tell stories.

Yeah, you got to- That seems like almost three times as many panels.

Yeah.

So it's no longer going to be that set up punch line kind of thing that works with three panels.

Slow burn.

Yeah.

Because I know what you like to do is you do the whole- Like what's one of your classic setups and stitches?

Well, stitches is a dog.

Right.

And there's one where stitches sniffs out and finds like a half eaten sandwich.

Sure.

And then he looks at the, you know, he looks into the frame , into the reader's eyes and says, payday.

That's- And that's number two.

That's panel two.

No, no, that's the third panel.

Wait, what's one and two?

One is just seeing him walking.

Yeah.

Okay.

And then the second panel is- He finds the sandwich.

You see the sandwich and then you see him look in the camera and say, payday.

Payday.

Yeah.

Right.

And it's like, well, he didn't deserve it.

He didn't earn it or anything.

Right.

But it's a lot like- What I relate to is I've worked at several jobs and usually Friday, sometimes they do it on different, sometimes the payroll they do it, you know, weekly on a Tuesday, sometimes it's bi-weekly, sometimes it's weekly, but I would get a paycheck.

Right.

And then I would, it would be very similar to that where I would get the check first and then I'd go buy things like sandwiches.

Well, I got to tell you, it's so annoying because I asked Larry to run that on, uh, on Friday because I thought that would hit better, but it ended up running on a Tuesday.

Oh, because I don't know if that joke hit as well, but, um- Yeah.

Larry doesn't pay attention to what you, uh, what you ask him to do.

No, because he's just always, he, he's juggling a million different things.

Oh, Larry, Larry King's syndicate?

Larry King.

Yeah.

So he's Larry King.

Yeah.

Larry King works there.

That, well, that's, yeah, that's King syndicate.

That's Larry King's, uh- I had no idea.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

You didn't know that.

That's how he got his, you know, that's- That's how he got his TV show?

Yeah.

Because he was in, known in the newspaper industry as such a powerful guy that they get in a TV show.

Oh, yeah.

Wait.

So if you're powerful in the newspaper industry, they give you TV shows.

I'm not.

Well, he's, he's immediate, just like Piers Morgan is.

Oh, okay.

Is that how, I mean, is that how you got your TV show?

Of course, we all know the Tim and Eric awesome show great job.

You were just so powerful in the newspaper industry.

They- No, no, no.

I mean, Stitch has got, um, got developed as a, as a cartoon and then that led to Tim and Eric awesome show great job.

I never saw that Stitch's cartoon.

Yeah.

Yeah, it didn't, it didn't come out of that whole pilot process.

What didn't translate?

Uh, we, we tried to get a real dog, you know, for these, and the rest of it was animated.

Okay.

Oh, so the dog was real, but the, oh, that's the opposite of how they do those Garfield movies.

Yeah.

And the dog got, um, I guess dogs can get, um, mange.

Kania.

Oh, I know.

Like, uh, um, canine leukemia.

Yeah.

And died very quickly.

How quickly into the shooting?

Um, it was like a two week, we were writing and rewriting and, and, you know, developing and pre production.

So it started, it was about two weeks since the doctor found, I guess he had had it for a long time.

Oh, okay.

And we ended up having to sue the owners because they didn 't disclose that.

Oh, okay.

Did you win the suit?

Uh, no, but, uh, no.

It's not like there's more to that story, but just no.

Oh, no.

Oh, that's too bad.

Cause he apparently, he contracted the, uh, leukemia on set .

Oh, okay.

So that's too bad.

It's one of those things.

Yeah.

I mean, normally when someone says we ended up suing the owners, then you, you talk about how you won the suit.

Right.

Because it's, you know, it, it.

Well, there was actually a counter suit and I'm, I'm not allowed to talk about the case.

They're suing you back.

Yeah.

What for, um, because we didn't dispose of the, of the dog carcass, uh, respectfully.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

What did you do with the carcass prop guy through, uh, through them out with the, with the set.

Okay.

Gosh.

Yeah.

That doesn't seem respectful.

Did you alert you?

I was not around for that.

I was in the writer's room.

Okay.

Yeah.

Still writing the movie at that point.

Yeah.

Anyways.

Yeah.

Anyways.

How long ago was that?

Uh, we guess it's like seven years ago.

Wow.

Yeah.

Those were the dark days.

Yeah.

But, uh, I don't think it would have worked out anyways.

Well, hey, you know, the great thing about owning a property like that is you can always keep trying.

Well, Scott, I don't like to look in the past.

I like to look towards the future and, and you know, right now the, you know, the present present day.

Yeah.

Right now.

And just appreciate who we are and why we're here, which is to promote my movie, The Comedy.

Oh, that's right.

The Comedy coming out today on VOD video on demand.

Yes.

It's a film directed by Rick Alverson, starring Tim Heide cker in the lead.

Finally, above the title.

Right.

And, um, it's got a lot of great people in it.

Mr. Eric Wehrheim, my partner in crime.

Mm hmm.

I see.

And Greg Turkington, James Murphy from, uh, LCD Soundsystem .

Star of another movie, uh, right now.

Shh.

Is he?

That documentary about a band going on.

Oh fair enough.

Yes.

And, uh, he's a real movie star.

He's got two movies out.

Well, I had two movies out this year as well, so it's not that big.

This year, but not in theaters concurrent.

Uh, well, that's the sign of a true movie star when you have, you know, that's not really the focus of this, uh, promotional, uh, visit would be what you have a movie star like James Murphy in the film.

You don't want to exploit that.

Let's back that up a little bit.

So you got a chance to see this at South by Southwest.

It was one of the great pleasures of all time of my life.

I was, yeah, very similar.

One of the great films of all time.

I recently just for fun with me and my friends, I made my own list of the greatest films of all time.

And believe it or not, this ranked number one.

What?

Yeah.

So we're kind of blown away.

What other friends were it was this with Eric Wehrheim and Greg Turkington.

It was me and some old, good high school friends that I don 't get to see a lot.

That's kind.

Yeah.

That's how you can really just keep your feet on the ground .

Yeah.

I get together with them.

Oh, about once a month.

Oh, it's so great.

We meet up.

We have vacation, a destination vacation kind of place where we go.

That's meet in Vegas.

Sure.

That's meet in Disney World in Orlando.

And those are the people who really know you.

Yeah.

So last time we were in Vegas, this time we were in Vegas, and we were all hanging out and I said, I have an idea.

Let's make the top, let's make the ultimate list top 100 movies of all time.

And they said, let's do it.

So we got our...

The Ron Bork sounds like.

They were excited.

They couldn't wait to get that list started.

Yeah.

So we just started cramming and I...

You're an idea guy.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

It's six o'clock.

We have reservations for dinner at eight.

Sure.

So let's just try to get this done before dinner.

Two hour period is seems like.

I'm throwing the ideas out.

Godfather.

You know, dog day afternoon, all kinds of great...

Were you working from memory or...

Yeah.

No, one guy at a laptop.

So he was helping.

He was like, oh yeah, that reminds me of one laptop in Tony well.

Yeah.

And he was like, you know, Star Wars.

I'm like, nah, it's not even on the list.

And he's like, whoa.

And so we're yelling at each other about that.

And then finally it gets down to like dinners in like five minutes.

Okay.

So number one, the comedy.

I'm in it, trust me.

And they go, we'll have to trust you on this one.

Yeah.

You know, so it gets the number one spot.

Wow, that's such an amazing story.

That's like one of those Hollywood stories.

No, it really happened.

I'm not lying.

I didn't make that up.

It's a true story.

And it was so much fun.

Oh.

And people were freaking out.

Everybody, when we went to dinner, the whole, you know, the vibe of the whole restaurant, really, is on the bus.

Well, I told the waiter about it.

Okay.

And then he tells everybody that he's going around.

You said I'm the star of the number one comedy of all time.

That's right.

Wow.

That's so, that's such an amazing, I would love to go on one of those destination vacations with you.

Yeah.

Well, it's mostly for me and my old high school buddies.

Still, I mean, you know, it would be great to just like maybe just once.

Maybe you could introduce me.

Maybe, you know, they'd like me.

I got a call the like two days after I got back from the trip from, from Brian, one of the, one of my buddies.

And he called me and he said, I'm at my lunch break.

I just wanted to take a minute and say thank you for putting that list together.

Because I, I'm going to watch some of these movies I hadn't even seen.

Wow.

How many had he not seen?

I don't, I mean, a lot of them.

The way we, the list was 500 movies.

So he probably hadn't seen about a hundred, 150 of them.

Wow.

I thought you said it was a hundred movies earlier.

Oh, whatever.

Okay.

Interesting.

Well, that's such a great story.

I mean, well, after that, I mean, we only got a hundred, we got the top 100 before dinner.

And then that night I stayed up all night, just crammed.

So you added 400 to, to below that just by yourself.

And nothing was able to kick off that comedy up at the top spot.

Well, that's the great thing about Vegas though, is it's the town that never goes to sleep.

So you can just sit there in your hotel room.

Crunching the numbers.

Yeah.

Great.

Well, that's so good.

So the comedy, the number one movie of all time, people should, how do they get it right now?

They, they go to video on demand on their TV.

Yeah, go to, it's on your, if you have cable, you can get it on demand or on iTunes or Amazon.

Just, and people can see this in theaters soon as well.

Yes.

It's going to be playing in some cities, you know, New York and, and I, I thought this movie was great.

Austin is going to be playing at the Alamo down there.

One of America's great cities.

One of America's great.

I think I see one of America's great talents.

Sure.

America's got talent and it's one of the greatest.

But it is not a comedic movie.

It's called the comedy, but it's not comedic.

It's actually a drama and it's stirring you and I found that fascinating.

Life isn't just a big joke.

Right.

We come on here, we laugh, we make up stories.

We laugh, but we, it's a lot about truth though.

Life is about truth.

I mean, really, if you think about it, life is about truth.

Right.

It's about truth.

And that's what the movie is about.

You know what's false?

It's death.

Right.

It's the opposite of life.

Yeah.

So, the movie is, is, is a dark movie.

It's not going to be, you're not going to come out of there feeling great.

No.

But, um, I mean, you'll feel great that you saw something so artistic.

But it's very, very something, yeah.

You know, I mean, a lot of times I'll come out and oh, that tragedy.

Oh, Hamlet, um.

It gives me a perspective on my life.

Yeah.

And it actually.

Hamlet may be dead.

No, you know, spoiler.

But, uh, or.

It is Shakespearean, isn't it?

I mean, the comedy.

Yeah.

Definitely.

I mean, that's why it's, again, I hate going back to the list, but that's why it's number one.

You know what I've found that it's, it's more, the more powerful the movie it is, the higher up on the list, the better it is.

Yeah, the, the, the higher on the list.

Like I've noticed that the funnier a comedy is, the higher it goes up on the list.

And the more dramatic a drama is, the higher it goes up on the list too.

So number one's the comedy, number two, sent of a woman, believe it or not.

Wow.

That's so, that's a great movie.

Pachini.

Yeah.

And, uh, he plays a blind colonel and learns how to dance.

And he learns how to say who else.

And four weddings in a funeral, number three.

Number three.

And that is clearly a movie that is just as advertised.

It gives you those four weddings and then it follows it up with that funeral.

I thought when we were jamming the list out and my friend suggested four weddings in a funeral.

I had that at like 200 or, you know, 100, like very high up on the list.

But then I thought about it.

I said, no, this is the third best movie of all time.

Right.

You know, once I remember it.

All it took was a little bit of a reflection on your part.

Right.

Yeah, that's great.

That's so good.

So the comedy is out there.

Yes.

Thank you very much for letting me know right now.

And that's the, that's probably your last movie project, right?

Um, I'm, no, I got some other things coming up and really in development on a kind of some cool things and, you know, oh, that's so great.

Well, I wish we had time to talk about those.

Well, I mean, just briefly, um, uh, I mean, briefly, sure, but we do, we do have to move on.

I understand.

But I'm just so excited about this.

I'd love to.

I can, I could bend the rules a little bit.

Yeah.

I'll rush through it.

I mean, just for your sake.

Okay.

Um, maybe a compromise.

You rush through it.

I'll extend the time a little bit.

That's right.

Okay.

Uh, I don't know how many people are familiar with the music of Bad Company, but, um, I have a great opportunity to work with the Paul Rogers family in developing his life story through, through cinema and telling his story, being able to be a part of that and being able to play Paul Rogers on the big screen.

What?

Yeah.

So Paul Rogers from Bad Company.

Yes.

The project is, um, is called, uh, Good Love and Gone Bad, which is the name of a Bad Company song.

Oh, okay.

That's clever.

And, uh, because that also probably is sort of reflective of his life in a lot of ways and it's really, it's a very ambitious project.

It's going to be four films, uh, sort of, four.

Yeah, focusing on different chapters.

Quadrilogy?

Yes.

It's going to be focusing on different chapters and sort of different periods of his life and the band's life.

Uh, wait, but it just deals with the Bad Company chapter of his life?

Um, in, for the most part, because that is such a significant part of his life that we felt that that was really where we wanted to focus the four films.

Does it ever get into him singing for Queen for that one summer tour?

Uh, no, no.

This is really taking place.

None of the films deal with that.

No.

Uh, we have four films.

The, the, the right, we have a one really cool film that just takes place during one day.

Well, he's writing, uh, feels, feels like making love.

Feels like making.

Yeah.

And it's a wild, it's a wild.

What happened?

Can you give us a little, um, bit of a, I mean, not much.

It's really kind of this movie where you just see the process and you just experience what it would be like to come up with that idea.

So to what it's him.

Does he play guitar?

Is that how he came up with it?

He's a vocalist.

Oh, really?

So he just, it's just him just kind of sitting there with a harmonica and a pen.

And paper.

That's correct.

Wow.

Sounds like a good film to me though.

And, um, the other film we have is actually a fictionalized story of Paul Rogers suffering with syphilis, which is something that Paul and I kind of came up with on our own.

Okay.

So these are not all nonfiction.

There's lots of fiction.

No, that's why it's very creative.

It's very artistic and Paul said, wouldn't it be funny or wouldn't it be interesting if we took a little period of my life when I didn't have sy philis and pretended I did and go through what that would be like and sort of dramat ize that.

Which film out of the four is sequentially?

Uh, that's the second film.

Second film.

So the first film, nonfiction, second, little bit of fiction.

There is, it's sort of like playing with reality.

What is real?

And then the third is a, is a concert film that I'll be performing as Paul Rogers.

Hey, so why wouldn't people just see like a Paul Rogers concert film?

They want to see an actor playing Paul Rogers for an entire concert film is as one of these films?

Apparently that's the way, you know, the Weinstein's requested that that be part of the four.

Oh gosh.

Um, it's an interesting project.

So a nonfiction, then a fiction, then a concert film.

What's film?

With the original members of the bad company backing me up.

Okay.

And so, and then the fourth film is the dramatization of the story from the song Shooting Star.

If you're familiar with Johnny was a young boy.

So it's sort of the tale of Johnny Beatles.

Yeah, we take those lyrics.

It's such a great story.

If you know the story.

Well, he was a young boy.

Yeah, he heard his first Beatles song, didn't take him long .

He got himself a guitar, played it every night.

Now he's in a rock and roll group.

And don't you know, he said, you know, the second act is Johnny told his mama, he mama, I'm going away.

I'm going to hit the big time going to be a big star someday.

Mama came to the door with a tear drop and arrived.

Johnny said, don't cry mama, smile and wave goodbye.

So that all gets.

So it's just, it's pretty much exactly like the first film where Paul Rogers becomes a rock star.

Well, no, the first film is just one day in the life of Paul Rogers writing that classic seminal song.

Oh, sorry.

Yeah.

So sorry.

Okay.

And the second one is syphilis is a third one.

Yeah.

Third one is concert film.

And then the fourth film is the fake story of a Paul Rogers type singer and how he became a singer.

It seems to me like you could just kind of make that one film and you'd have something there.

Ah, well, that's not the way Paul and I see it.

It's not the way our producers see it.

Okay.

Because yeah, there are no bad ideas.

That's right.

Yeah.

I mean, that's, that's a pretend, I guess that's an idea we could play around in the edit room because we're going to be shooting this all at the same time.

You might just much like, you know, the guy who's making the Hobbit made it three films instead of two, you might actually compact it down to less films.

Right.

We'll see, you know, but the, I'm excited about all them for different, we have different directors working on each one of them.

So that's what that's.

Which directors are part of this project?

Tom Hanks is doing one.

Wow.

He's great.

Mm hmm.

Well, he did that thing you do.

So he has a little bit of a background in filming musical performances.

So I think it might be really wonderful.

And Tom Hanks is doing the other three as well.

Hey, now far be it for me to bring up what may be a whole in your story, but I believe that you said you had four different directors.

Well, but it's a sort of like we got Tom Hanks, Tom Hanks, Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.

Well, this is what's weird about it is, you know, he's done this cloud atlas movie and he's really obsessed with playing these multiple roles and parts.

So he came to me and said, I want to develop this.

I would like to direct four different films as four different kind of director.

So he's going to be dressing up as different directors.

Yeah, different styles of different personalities, completely different personalities.

Wearing sort of those make different make up acting differently, maybe 11 Australia.

How much is this guy's going off to another level?

It's just genius.

Incredible.

I love it.

It's going to be so cool to see how it affects the final product and see how this is Tom Hanks film, but is it no?

And you as an actor, you might hate one of the directors, you know what I mean?

And never want to work with that Tom Hanks again.

So Tom Hanks, as we know him, is doing the concert film.

That's why I made that.

Oh, I get it.

Okay.

So that'll just be lovable, genial Tom Hanks that we all know from Booz and Buddies until now cloud atlas.

Shooting stars probably going to be a character he's come up with named Buster.

Sounds great.

Is that English director?

English.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

I remember that Phil Collins movie, Buster.

That's I guess where he got the idea from.

Okay.

Great.

Hey, yeah.

And he's still working on.

He's still working on personalities for the others, but we 're so excited to come up with this.

Please, please promise me you'll come back and let me know what those personalities are.

Absolutely.

Don't wait until those four movies come out to promote them .

I the minute you know what those are, please schedule a recording date.

I just got a text from him.

Oh my God.

It says, here it is.

It says a rastaman, whatever that means.

He's going to be playing a rastaman.

That's kind of cool.

Wow.

Wow, mon.

That'll be fun on set, huh?

I wish.

What does he say which film?

It is.

No, he doesn't clarify.

I would assume that would be for the one day, the writing of feel like my.

Oh, because you're going to shoot that in real time.

Yeah.

In one day.

Okay.

That's great.

Yeah.

So I don't think he'd want to commit to that for more than a day.

There's a lot of just like humming and.

Yeah, it's mostly humming.

And Paul has a great story about writing the day that he wrote that song and it was like a crazy busy day for him.

Yeah.

So we're going to follow him through the day, much like run Lola run.

Mm.

Were you just seeing sort of the action of the day and him eating breakfast and going, I know he had issues at the, at his lawyer with, because the contract with the band was.

Oh, yeah.

So it's very dramatic.

And while he's doing this, he's here in this.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

So how long is this film?

This is going to be two hours or it's, yeah, it'd be about two and a half hours.

So two and a half hours in his life.

Mm hmm.

Okay.

Great.

All right.

Well, congratulations.

Thank you very much.

And I almost would say that those four movies might be one through four on that list.

Comedy's going to slip down to five.

Well, we'll see.

Yeah.

I would be so much more excited about this project if I liked the music of Bad Company.

See, only.

That's going to be a stumbling block.

I'm so close and such a good friend of Paul's and, and if you haven't told him that you don't care for us.

Because it's not hard.

It's hard to say.

I respect everybody's art and I respect, I don't want to, you know, but I just, I want to support him and support the project and support his family because they could use the money.

Oh, yeah.

And dire straits at this point.

Yeah.

We have like seven or eight kids and they're all very sick and.

Oh, really?

They're all, what do they have?

Genetic genital diseases.

Yeah.

Oh, God.

I don't want to get into it on the air as you can imagine.

Coming from Paul or from their mother?

Yes.

Well, it's genetic.

So it comes from, it can only come from the father.

Oh, okay.

So genetics is passed on.

Oh, I didn't realize that.

Oh, yeah.

That's a little bit of science that I guess.

Yeah.

Pretty much.

Well, if you're out.

Hey, we get a lot of college kids listening to the show.

You can learn something every day from this show.

All right.

Well, Tim, thank you so much.

Can you stick around for the rest of the show?

I'd be happy to.

I love sitting here and sitting down and drinking water.

All right.

Great.

Well, we'll be right back with a little comedy bang bang after this.

Pretty bang bang, we're back here with Tim Heidecker of the comedy and of the bad company quadrilogy forthcoming.

When is the release date on that?

2020.

So is that all four films in this?

All at once.

All will be released at the same time.

Okay.

That's a great way to do it because then people can pick and choose as to which one they like better.

Yeah.

We're excited about it.

Yeah.

We're going to start shooting probably in an hour.

Really?

Do you have the script worked out by now?

No, we want Tom wants to just get into it.

Have you been practicing at all?

Oh, yeah.

Don't you know that it's got a moving star?

Yeah.

So just answer my question.

Yes, it does.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm going to be working with a vocalist, a vocal coach, everything, but okay.

Right now it's pretty.

I'm locking into it.

I'm just singing them all day.

I hate the music, but I'm just trying to do it.

You are in the pocket.

Yeah, I'm just saying.

Yeah.

You're going to want to try to strip that disdain out of your voice though, you know, before you actually put that on wax.

But good stuff.

Thank you so much, Tim.

And we have Scott.

We have a couple other guests here with us here today.

And I don't know anything about them, but that's the great thing about the open door policy of this show is people just kind of like wander through.

And first of all, to my left, we have a man.

I don't know really anything about your background, but your name is.

Arthur Steinborn.

That's right.

My name is Arthur Steinborn.

I want to thank you for having me on the podcast today.

It's my pleasure.

And I'm a big fan of yours.

Also big fan of stitches.

Thank you very much.

Nice.

You're from your writing on stitches.

Okay.

You knew of Tim or did you just hear him talk about stitches?

I've looked up stitches before on the internet and pictures of this guy has come up.

Oh yeah.

But just on the stitches thing, we had a beautiful tagline.

If we were going to go to air was you'll be in stitches when you watch stitches at 8.30 pm every Saturday night.

Remember stitches.

No, it was just no.

No.

Because you'll be in stitches every time you watch stitches .

It is.

8.30 Saturday night on NBC.

On NBC.

That's a great tagline.

They passed on the show.

Yeah.

Did you come up with the tagline first?

Yes.

Okay, great stuff.

All right.

So my favorite was he's walking in an alley and then he sees an old hand bone and then he looks at the camera and goes jackpot.

That's a great thing.

Yeah, I do remember that one.

Yeah, that came out of your Vegas trip.

I bet.

No, no, that's from, oh God, that's from 98.

Oh, okay.

Sorry.

I just thought I just thought.

Jackpot.

I heard jackpot.

That's a betting term.

Yeah, I just figured.

But you say no.

Oh, no, no, no.

I just I write that come up with I don't know where these ideas come up come from.

You know, I just write them.

Okay, great.

Well, Arthur will get to exactly what you're doing here in a second.

But let me introduce our other guests and I don't have a last name on you.

But it's Diane.

I'm trying to figure out if I'm going to use my husband's last name or go back to my name or I'm in between worlds right now.

Okay, so you don't want to settle on one.

Yeah, you're just going to be Diane for now.

I'll just be Diane.

All right.

Well, welcome Diane.

Thanks.

Do you did you guys come together?

Diane and Arthur?

No, I was right behind it, but I've never met him before.

Oh, yeah, we were in the elevator together.

We did not speak.

Yeah.

And Diane, do you know Tim Heidecker?

I do from his work.

Yes.

My favorite stitches cartoon was the one where stitches came across an old fish bone and he looked directly into the camera and said, nothing but net.

Hmm.

That's great.

I like that with myself.

Yeah.

How many of your stitches cartoons are predicated upon the dog finding food?

Boy, I never done that math.

You ever think about that?

I mean, it's maybe something that not a lot of people have brought to your attention.

It's just the through line running through work.

It's a trope of comedy, I think.

And it's one of the tools in my toolbox, for sure.

Eating.

Yeah, and him finding food on the street and seeing it as something that he is excited about I think is a universal funny, funny thing that I could hear that joke told a million different times, different ways.

I remember one where he is walking along the street and he comes across a can of old rusty nails and then he looked at the camera and goes, all rats.

Because usually he finds food.

That reminds me of the one where he finds some just old broken up metal and just rusty junk.

Yeah, glass.

He looks right in the camera and goes, pass.

That reminds me of one of those where he came across what was just a heap of really rotten clothing.

It was just a soiled clothing.

Oh, I draw all the stink lines on it.

Yeah, as you can tell, and he just looked right at the camera and said, not going to happen.

That's right.

I'm not going to be able to see how you guys remember all these because I've never even heard of stitches.

Oh, where have you been?

Well, I guess you know, if you're just reading newspaper anyways.

Wow, great.

All right.

Well, guys, let's talk about why you're here.

Arthur, do you want to?

Yeah.

Well, maybe you're having problems remembering this classic comic strip because you don't have a strong memory system that you're utilizing right now .

Could be.

Could you say you have a strong memory or a weak memory?

I think I probably have a weak memory.

I'm not using any kind of memory system.

That's a problem right there.

I want a strong one.

I meet people all the time and say, I can't remember things .

I just can't do it.

They accept that, but they don't realize you don't have a system in place.

Okay, you can train your brain in order to remember things better is what you're saying.

It's another way of putting it.

You just need to have a system.

You know, when you go into McDonald's and you order something off the menu, you say, give me a number three.

They have a system in place.

So, you know, you're going to get double quarter pound or whatever it is.

And the system is that they have a double quarter pounder on the menu and a number next to it.

And I say that number and then they know what that means.

Is that the system?

Have you studied my system before?

I don't know.

I haven't.

You're very close.

You're almost there.

It's a little abstract when I talk about it this way.

I should give you an example.

Okay, great, great.

Okay.

So, let's say you have to, you have a meeting with an important client.

Okay.

All that happens to me all the time.

So, this is right up my alley.

I have lunch with him and you meet this guy and he says, my name is Bobby.

Okay.

And your first thought is never going to remember that.

No, how would I?

And you've got to be able to remember his name.

Because you're having lunch with the guy, just even there, let alone the business you may want to have with him.

You don't want to be halfway through the meal and say, I'm going to tell you something, I don't know what your name is.

Right.

That would be embarrassing.

It would be uncomfortable for it.

Or the waiter comes to the table and says, you know, pasta fazule for Bobby.

Is there a Bobby at the table?

Right.

And you say, God damn it, no, there's no Bobby here.

Please take that soup that my friend ordered away from this table because his name is not Bobby.

Exactly.

Or you go, I don't know whose names are anybody's names at this table.

So please don't talk to me anymore.

And then you're both sitting there.

No one gets food.

Yeah.

And it's a mess.

Your corporation is going to suffer.

Yeah.

Because you can't run a corporation on an empty stomach.

Well, here's how I'm going to help you.

I'm going to give you my system.

It's three steps.

Okay.

First step, take a deep breath.

Okay.

Can I do it too?

Yeah, please do.

Tim, do you want to get in on this?

I am not good with the breathing.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Tim's going to sit out.

Is that okay?

That's okay.

This is optional.

I'm not trying to force this on anybody.

Oh, that's nice.

So it's not like the Nazis.

Mm-mm.

No, it's, it's, we're opposite of the Nazis.

But the Koopnazi is another guy who kind of famously tried to force things on people.

I love Seinfeld.

Mm.

Do you?

Classic comedy.

Maybe it's just me, but for me, when you're talking about great sitcoms based on stand-up comedies, stand-up comedians and their acts that premiered in the 90s, I think Seinfeld, you just can't get better than that.

You can't.

He's one of the first ones that comes to you, mind.

Yes, I love to laugh.

Tip the top.

I'd like to make that list someday, Tim.

The list of top 500 sitcoms based on stand-up comedians.

Oh, God, yeah.

Yeah.

That sounds like a good way to kill a couple of hours.

Yeah, a couple of hours before dinner.

Rose Van.

Number two.

I love her because she's like a real woman in a real household and you fight and things aren't always good.

That's right.

You know?

And they show that.

I like it.

So we were breathing.

I'm so sorry.

Yeah, I feel like we're getting a little off track, but I don't know.

I could talk about this for hours though.

Oh, I will gladly.

Okay.

Well, I don't know.

Do you mind if we talk about this for?

No, we can just come right back to the system whenever you 're ready.

What do you mind if we talk about and don't come back to the system?

That's also a possibility.

Okay, great.

All right, so we got Roseanne.

We got Seinfeld.

We got Grace Under Fire.

Grace Under Fire.

Oh, God, where are you thinking about this?

That's our same.

Are you single?

It depends.

Okay.

Yeah.

I can take that.

You know what?

Diane, I feel like we should get back to the system.

Okay.

That's fine, too.

Not ready for primetime players.

John Belushi, Dan Akroy, Chevy Chase, Garrett Morris.

Bill Murray, I love him in the first season.

Lorraine Newman, the whole bunch.

They do funny characters.

Yeah, I'm not a fan of that style of comedy necessarily.

Yeah, and I say, I'm not either.

Because I like people who just kind of keep it real and just, you know, are them funny as themselves, you know what I mean?

But Lenny Bruce.

Lenny Bruce, great.

The best.

Absolutely the best.

Tim Allen.

Yeah.

Is a comedian who had a sitcom.

Definitely.

Slice a life comedy.

Yeah.

Again, not everything was perfect on that, on that show and that family.

It's all about foibles.

You know what I mean?

I remember a lot of laughs on LA Law, all those lawyers and their little, you know, quirks and whatever.

Sophisticated comedy.

Yeah.

That was a light drama.

You're right.

Like sometimes it would be very dramatic and then sometimes just so funny.

It never made me upset or think of the significance of anything.

Only big old belly laughs from me on LA Law.

All right.

Well, you're dark.

Well, Arthur, I feel like we should get back to your system because I don't want to leave you hanging.

All right.

Well, we can jump right in.

Well, we left off of the breath.

I can tell you that.

Step one, take a deep breath.

Okay.

Step two, break it down.

Okay.

You got to break down the name of the person that you're meeting.

So what's the first letter in the name Bobby?

Oh, God.

That's hard for me to remember too.

I'm going to say it's a B.

It is a B.

Okay.

But on my system, you're not going to use a B. You're going to take out B. You put in a Z.

Oh, why on earth would I want to say zombie?

That's what you'd think if you didn't know that there was more to the system.

I didn't know.

What you're doing is in step two, you break it down to get a keyword.

Okay.

So second letter in the name Bobby.

Oh, right.

But you're not going to keep an O.

No.

You're going to put in an A.

Okay.

So we're at ZA.

And there's more to it.

There is more to it.

Are you sure you haven't done my system?

I haven't, but I'd love to hear its completion.

Well, B, you've already covered this.

So it's Z's again?

Who can't do Z's?

Okay.

And then you take out the Y and you put in a U.

Zazu.

Okay.

So now you have your keywords.

Zazu.

And then- Is that the bird and lion king?

Also the little girl and it's a wonderful life.

There you go.

Okay.

Well, don't think about those.

You don't want to confuse this guy with a little girl or a bird.

He's an important client.

You've taken him out to lunch.

Sorry, we've got to remember that.

You've got to keep him straight.

You've never had a job like that, but okay.

You've never had a job before?

Or I would have a client, no.

What kind of jobs have you had?

I work at Hot Topic.

Oh, interesting.

I've never had a job before that.

One of your age.

Yeah, you seem old to work at Hot Topic.

I'm 47 and I'm really 49, but I lie about it.

Oh.

You a manager or are you out there on the floor?

I'm on the floor.

I'm like shucking t-shirts and whatnot.

It's not my first choice.

I had to go back to work.

I never really had a job.

I married my husband.

He left me three months ago and he left zero dollars and I find myself at the mall every day of the week now.

So in some black t-shirt to some goth kids.

Well, at least you're keeping a brave face and I'm trying.

Positive outlook.

Yeah, I try to be really positive.

I believe that if the sun is shining, you can't complain.

Must be tough on rainy days, though.

It is.

I do feel very depressed when it rains.

Yeah.

A lot of us do.

Tim.

Sorry?

You feel depressed?

Ever?

No.

I've never felt I had that feeling.

Really?

Yep.

Always have a good attitude about what I'm just doing.

Just never knowing.

No, no, no.

No.

Everything's always worked out for me.

Number one movie of all time.

Bad company project.

Yeah.

And the movie The Comedy, which is the number movie of all time.

Now on demand.

Okay.

All right.

So I'm sorry, Arthur.

In your system, we've replaced it Zazoo, right?

Mm-hmm.

So is that the end of your system?

No, then you have to repeat your keyword.

So let's do a role play.

You be Bobby in the situation.

Okay, great.

I'll be you.

Okay.

And I'll be Paul Rogers, the lead singer of Bad Company.

Yeah, who's Diana in this?

Who am I?

The waiter?

Why don't you be stitches?

I'd love to have him coming here.

Okay.

Well, I do know him pretty well.

Okay.

That's my favorite comic.

So I'm Bobby and you're me.

Uh-huh.

Tim is Paul Rogers.

We got stitches over here.

I'm for her.

Mm-hmm.

And are we meeting for the first time?

We get some fresh towels in the dressing room.

As if.

Okay.

So I think, yeah, we're all in character at this point.

This is our first day working for Paul Rogers.

Okay.

Out of his restaurant.

Yeah.

No, no, no.

I'm backstage.

You're progressing.

Okay.

You guys are...

Who is Bobby?

You guys can be Rodeys.

Yeah, who am I?

I'm Bobby.

Bobby, you make sure I get my harmonica's in the right key.

Yes, sir, Mr. Rogers.

How do I get them in the right key?

I just started twisting them.

I just put them in some water.

Some water.

No problem.

Yeah.

And any fresh towels you guys got, I could use it.

It's a dirty towels in here.

Okay.

Yeah.

I just, I mainly have about 15 dirty ones and about...

We're trying to clean some.

All right.

Yeah.

I just could use some fresh towels for after the show.

Bobby, can I have a can of beans please, but you can open it for me.

And just pour it on the ground so you can discover it.

I'd love to discover it.

Yeah.

Okay.

No problem.

Here we go.

Excuse me.

I'm meeting you for the first time.

My name is Sean Ockermann.

Could I shake your hand and you could tell me your name?

I'm sorry, Arthur.

My name is Scott Ockermann.

Oh, God.

I'm sorry.

How did you forget that?

Well, I was gonna, I should have done this just when I came in.

It's a guy.

I do mumble a little bit too.

We talked about that earlier.

But...

You clearly, I just forgot it.

Okay.

Because I would be doofus and I didn't use my own system.

Okay.

Use your system for now on though.

My name is Scott.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

So, but no, but in the scene I'm Bobby.

Hi.

Hello.

B, give me a Z.

Oh, give me an A.

B, give me a Z.

B, give me another Z.

Why?

Give me a U.

Your name is Zazoo.

Well, then what about when you have to say his real name again?

I don't think you'll...

I don't think this worked at all.

You clearly just said to me that my name was Zazoo directly contradicting what I just...

No, no, no.

Zazoo was my keyword for your name.

Okay.

But you said your name is Zazoo.

This is a wrap.

That's so I remember the keyword.

Okay.

So what do I say is Bobby?

Because I would say no, I'm sorry.

It's Bobby.

I don't know.

I'm not with you there at that point.

That was all in your head?

You've left.

You left the restaurant at this point?

No, in my system where you take the conversation from there , look, I'm not going to get you a job, but I'm going to get you that name memorized.

If you do the three...

You want another example?

Let's do another example.

Okay, great.

Okay.

In this situation, let's pretend your name is David.

David.

Okay, great.

Here's a shortcut you can use first.

Okay.

Shorten the name if you can.

Do you mind if I call you Dave?

No, I mean...

Some people call me Dave.

Okay.

Old high school friends of mine, I see him.

Now we got him.

So now I'm going to take a deep breath.

Okay.

And now I'm going to break it down.

So day D is the first letter.

I'm going to take that out, put in a P.

Great.

Okay.

A, you know what I'm going to put in for A.

I don't because we didn't cover that with Bobby, but I would guess an O?

You know what?

That would make sense, but actually A is an I.

A is an I.

A lot of people think, well O would be A, so A would be O, but that's not...

Okay, no.

Each letter...

It just kind of moves down one.

You know, because letters come up in different frequencies in English language, so...

Okay, so P-I-P-I-V.

What do we do for V?

Just give me a second here.

God, you have a binder there.

I just want a tiny scribbling on those pages.

V.

Wow.

V.

Yeah, do you want to take it here for a second Donna?

Sure.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

What is this?

I should have done it when I came in.

I'm sorry about that.

Yeah, use your sister.

My name is Diane Zazu.

Well, anyway, he's bringing a novel over here.

It's okay, he'll find it.

I'll find it.

Just give me a moment.

That's okay.

You know, Scott, just to clarify, I know people are going to call in and complain.

I'm aware Paul Rogers is British, and when I did my impression, I was not doing my British accent because I'm still working on it.

Now, you don't want to debut it either.

You don't want to give away all the milk for free.

So I just want to get that out so people can put their pens down and stop writing angry letters.

Okay.

Now, are you married?

I am married.

Paul Rogers is not.

So the character of Paul is single.

That's how we actors get around.

That is correct.

It's in times.

And Paul, from talking to him, I know that he's very loose and is very interested in experimenting with all kinds of different women.

That's amazing.

Yeah.

Arthur, did you find your chart there?

Yeah.

Got it.

What do you got for a V?

Is a K.

Okay.

And then, and then E, take that out, put in an M. Pick them .

Well, that's very difficult.

Pick them.

So then what do you do in order to remember Dave?

You introduce yourself to me.

Hi, I'm David.

Hey, do you mind if I call you Dave?

No problem.

So a lot of people call me Dave.

P.

Put in a D, put in a P. A, take it out, put in an I.

V, take it out, put in a K. E, take it out, put in an M.

Your name is Pick them.

Now I got a keyword for your name.

Okay.

I don't know about this.

No, it's a system.

You know, it's not like...

It is a system.

I'll give you that.

Let me tell you, when I, I wanted to get my boating license a couple of years ago.

Sure.

I always wanted to have a boating license and my mother didn't want me to do it.

What's a boat?

I think I believe you're saying boat.

I see.

Boating.

Boating license.

Do you have a boat?

No, not currently.

I have a boating license, but don't have a boat yet.

Are you interested in that?

If you did, I'd be interested.

Okay, I have been married for 35 years and I'm working on the 36th year.

Okay, I was working on all my years and it did not pay off to anything, okay?

Okay.

My husband left me while I was scooping the kitty litter.

He just didn't even look at me.

He said bye-bye.

Why?

Why didn't you think, and what happened?

He walked right past me with a suitcase on wheels.

It was a rolly suitcase and he was long gone before I could even ask him where he was going and I haven't seen him since and it's fine.

Just one of those little rolly suitcases, huh?

Just a little rolly travel suitcase and you know, you know, just an overnight bag?

No, it could have been for days and it could fit many pieces of clothing in there.

Okay.

Did he come back to pick up any of the rest of the stuff?

It could turn and I have since donated all of his things to go to Will.

I'm trying to get back out there and you know, freshen up my life and find somebody new and you know...

Is there any chance that you and your husband had problems because of your inability to remember significant dates?

Dates of the significance you relate to.

I don't know.

He wasn't much for celebrating our relationship, you know, an anniversary roll around and he'd be so it sounds like he's the one who couldn't remember these.

He didn't want to remember.

Well, maybe he just couldn't remember.

Do you have a system for dates?

Of course I do.

So let's say that the date of your anniversary was July 8th .

Sure.

Random date.

Pulled it random, I think.

Pulled it random.

Sure.

You use my system.

How will I ever remember this?

Break it down, okay.

Well, you got to work at it.

Take the deep breath too.

Okay.

Jay.

What are you going to take that Jay out for?

L.

Nope.

Give it another shot.

C.

No, it's not it.

Give it a J. What would you take a J out?

F.

It was an M, okay.

But a M was already a D or an E.

I have explained before, let us come up in different frequencies.

So more than one letter comes up for other letters.

It's not that black.

Why not keep a pad?

Right.

If you're worried about forgetting to make it like a little notepad or something.

That's why I do.

You do that?

You do, really?

On my phone I have a little notepad on my phone that, you know, I...

Yeah, but you don't want to be tied to pets.

You don't want to be a slave to them.

You don't want to leave a paper trail either.

Because what happens if all of a sudden you write down Bobby's name, you have it on a pad and a little sheet of paper, you get up to go to the bathroom, you go, oh, I wonder what's on this paper.

He looks at it, says Bobby and he goes, this guy doesn't remember my name.

He seems like a soup.

I keep it on my phone.

Well, you leave your phone there.

He's like, huh, maybe I'll check my good friend Tim's email as well.

I'm like, oh, that seems like a bigger problem.

I did that once to my ex.

I checked his emails.

I knew his password.

It was fuck Diane.

Sounds nice if you say it one way.

It wasn't ever how he said it.

Oh, really?

He was like, fuck Diane.

Yes, and I went in there and I saw a lot of nasty things that I didn't want to see.

Like what?

A lot of sex related things.

Porno emails from his coworkers.

My favorite way to look at porno is the email.

Well, he had coworkers who would send him, attached images of other women they found online on porno sites.

They'd attached as an attachment on the email and he'd open that and pull on his penis to that.

He'd pull on his penis.

I would see noting that in the email.

Yeah, he was.

He would reply to the email saying, I pulled on my penis to this.

In fact, he would.

Oh, God.

So he's devastating.

He's the only man I ever had sex with.

So it was hurtful to see that he was interested in other women.

Before and since have you?

I have not been able to find anyone since.

Well, you're an attractive lady.

I feel like we could get a.

Thank you.

You don't see the back of my head.

I lost a lot of the hair back there, but.

Oh, do you mind turning around for us?

Just I'm not sure if you've accurately described it.

I'm sure it can't be that bad.

It's all gone.

Really?

Like Hulk Hogan in that sex tape?

Yeah, was he missing air in that?

I didn't watch it.

Just like the whole back of his head.

Do you remember the stitches where stitches is walking down the street and he looks into a shop window and because of the reflection of the shop window, it's a women's clothing store.

It looks as almost like there's a reflection of stitches, but with women's clothing on and like the lipstick and everything and he looks in the camera and goes, hubba hubba.

I do remember that one.

Very memorable.

Yeah, that's the only one I remember.

Yeah, that one got nominated for a Booker prize.

A Booker prize?

It's a comic prize.

Huh, that's so great.

Did you win?

No.

What won?

What to far side?

Oh, that's a great history.

The band.

No, the comic strip.

Oh, okay.

I have another confession about my looks.

Yes, Diane.

My lipstick is 100% around the rim of my mouth and it's not actually the size of my lips.

100%.

So your actual lips have no lipstick.

Exactly.

It's interesting because I thought that your lips are exactly the same color as the lipstick.

I thought you went wild with the lipstick and put it on your lips and also all around your mouth.

No.

And I have no eyelashes or eyebrows and these are all drawings.

Mm.

My eyelashes are drawn onto the lids of my eyes.

Okay, yeah, that's interesting.

Yeah, you're closing your eyes right now.

It looks like a zebra.

Little stripes.

Yeah.

So really, I am falling apart.

I'm so sorry, Diane.

Yeah, well, what are you going to do?

Tim, do you have any friends in show business who are single?

I love an actor.

Oh, yeah.

Sure.

I can think about that.

What about that James Murphy guy?

He's a movie star.

Oh, no, no.

He's, I think he's taken.

He's committed with somebody.

Oh, that's so bad.

You know when he just sing like young, hot single guys?

Oh, I'm scared.

Oh, God.

Nothing's coming to mind.

I used to work with a guy named Rat.

Oh.

Uh, WRAT.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, oh, yeah, like the proper spelling.

Yeah, yeah.

That's the proper spelling, huh?

He was my colorist when we would be sta- uh, what was, uh, Stitches on Sunday.

We had a color version.

Yeah.

Kind of.

And uh- You sent it over to Rat, huh?

Yeah, he's around.

And where is he?

He lives in uh, North Hollywood.

He's still coloring.

Okay.

He loves coloring.

Um, um- What do you think?

I'm a little scared, you know.

I'm scared to actually be with another man.

Well, if you want to play the dating game, I got a guy for you also and you could choose between the fellow- Hello, and Rat.

Who is this guy?

And now I don't remember his first name, but I remember his keyword for his name.

Which is?

Which was his squillin'.

Well, shouldn't you be able to just do your, your method and put together what letters that would be?

You work backwards on this?

A squillin'?

This is a, this is a situation where I would love to have a pad and some paper.

Well, you have your notebook with all those pages.

You can just write in the back one of those pages.

These, these pages are filled with writing.

That's not- There's no room on these pages at all.

They're all filled up.

So, you know what?

I'll get back to you later on.

And Donna, you are going to love this one.

Okay.

Diane.

I'm sorry.

It doesn't matter.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Interesting stuff.

Well, guys, yeah, this has been an interesting show, hasn't it?

I am, I can't compare it to anything because I've never listened to this show.

Well, you've been on this show so many times.

I know, but I don't listen to it.

Yeah, but you've experienced it.

Sure.

You don't remember the experience- It seems very similar to the last time.

It really does.

Yeah.

Does microphones are the same?

That's a great point.

All the equipment, exactly the same.

Right.

We were all here before.

No, we were, we were not all here before.

We've never met each other.

Have I never done this before?

You've never done this that we've never met.

Is this, is this health, healthfulness and well-being the podcast?

No, not at all.

No, I've done.

I've talked about my system on that podcast.

Good.

How did that go over?

Great.

All right.

We've got mentioned on the health, healthfulness and well- being podcast blog.

Mm-hmm.

We've got a nice write-up on that.

So the podcast wrote about their own podcast on the blog and that was a write-up that you- You got a write-up for the- On their own blog.

It's time for our memory system, yeah.

Yeah.

That's very nice.

Well, I just want to plug one other thing because I had said earlier where the stitches is going to eight panels- Yeah.

Coming up.

So I am looking to fill panels.

If any of you guys, any listeners out there want to come and appear in a panel or take a minute and take one of the panels to talk about what your system or anything you want to plug Scott, I'm desperately looking to fill panels.

What if maybe stitches just didn't notice the food for a panel or two?

Like he walks by it and then does a double take out of the corner of the slide?

That was my first instinct and Larry threw the rough back into my face.

No way.

That was a- No way.

That was a- Did he think your name is Jose?

Maybe he needs Arthur's system here.

Perhaps, but he was unhappy with that choice.

So he said, tell a story.

I said, I don't know how.

All I know how to do is this dog.

The stupid dog looks at something.

Yeah.

And then either likes it or doesn't.

Well, I'm selling ad time for a few- Just going to fill it up with ads.

Yeah, but just classifieds and- Well, I have something I'd like to put an ad in for just to find a date.

If I could place a- Personals.

Personals.

Personals there.

Describe myself in a few short words and maybe a small drawing of me.

So frontal hair?

Think of your positives.

Yeah, okay.

Frontal hair.

Small, regular lips.

Sure.

Plenty of makeup.

Love makeup and I live to be anyone but myself.

More moles than I've ever seen.

I don't know if that's a positive, but- I mean, some guys it turned on by Cindy Crawford.

Yes.

I'm basically- I have a blank spot where her mole was.

Yes.

And the rest of me is all moles.

More moles than Cindy Crawford.

That sounds positive.

You've got nice thick collarbones.

Oh, thank you.

Nice, nice thick ones.

Oh, you can grab onto them.

Really is that- I said an invitation.

I guess not a quiver.

I've been married for 35 years.

I'm sorry.

It's not that kind of show.

Yeah, I've only had sex in the most vanilla way.

So I'm curious about other ways of doing it.

What is the vanilla way in your mind?

It's a straight up back bend into doggy.

You could say looking for a relationship, my skin is flaky, but I'm not.

You know, I never talked about my flaky skin.

I'm very self-conscious about it, but thank you.

Sorry, you're on time all over the floor here.

Yeah, I fell off.

It's due to the fact that I've been talking a lot.

It falls out, you know, because it's right in the wrinkles of my face.

Oh.

Yeah, so you're jostling your face a lot and it tends to be - I'm more, I tend to not speak.

Yeah.

Oh, really?

You're quiet.

That's how you love a quiet evening at home.

I don't love to be quiet, but I don't love to shed either.

So I keep it at a certain level.

Okay.

Yeah, but this being an audio medium, you're shedding all over the place.

I was hoping no one would know due to the fact that this is a radio show.

But Tim was kind of un-gentlely of you.

And you all called out all my traits that are, um- Oh, that's all of them?

Well, no, I mean, many of them.

I feel like some listeners could have heard some of the skin flaking off.

I might might have picked it up a couple of times.

You know what?

You're not the hottest thing ever either.

Well, I was not attacking you.

I felt that way.

I'm sorry.

I'm going, guys, this isn't gotcha radio.

It feels like gotcha radio.

Does it really feel like gotcha radio?

It feels like gotcha radio.

Guys, does this feel like gotcha radio to you?

The four of us have done gotcha radio before.

I'm just trying to help.

There's going to be more gotcha.

What are the, one of the person's could say willing to wear a wig?

I'm not willing to do that.

You're not willing to wear a wig?

No, I'm not willing to do that.

You don't even know me.

I don't know.

Maybe you would get more dates if you covered up that Hulk Hogan-esque bald spot in the back of your head.

I refuse.

Why?

Because...

You want people to love you for who you are?

Yes.

I don't know.

I don't know if that can happen.

I guess not.

I mean, you are changing your appearance with makeup.

What's the difference with having a wig?

You know, the thing is, I'm typically in my full back wheelchair with the headrest.

And so no one will ever really see the back of my head.

How did you get here?

Are you paralyzed?

No, I just rent out a wheelchair to get around.

I hate walking.

Have you ever thought that maybe because you're in that wheelchair and you're rubbing the back of your head against that back a lot, that maybe that's what's caused your hair to fall out?

I love it and I've dismissed that.

Okay, well.

It seems like you've covered all the bases.

So, I'm fucked.

Good night.

Alright, well.

Well guys, I think there's only one left thing left to do on the show and that is a little something that we call plugs.

I'm so glad that you're here.

Oh, that was so nice.

That was Sam Baudery with Plug Me Smoothly.

Ooh, okay.

Nice gentle plugs tonight.

Oh, that appeals to you, Diane.

I'd like to be plugged smoothly.

I'm terrified.

I don't want that.

Yeah, in the back bend to doggy position.

That's a very, that's the only one I know and it's not good enough for anyone.

Too vanilla.

Yeah, it's scary.

You should plug your eyebrows.

Okay.

I thought you might get eyebrow plugs.

No.

Have you ever thought about that instead of painting them on?

Get plugs.

I draw them huge.

I'm not going to draw them any less huge than that.

It looks a lot like a zoot suit or something.

Okay.

Really?

Okay.

Thank you.

I just want to say if you can draw on the eyebrows, why don 't you pluck the middle part?

Because that's all I have left, Tim.

It's strange looking.

So wait.

Yeah, she's leaving the middle eyebrow and then drawing in the connective.

And those have fallen out just due to excessive rubbing.

Okay.

What makes you rub your eyebrows?

Stress.

Lots of stress.

Yeah.

You know, I feel the ugliest I've ever felt right now.

I bet.

So I blame all of you.

I'm guessing you look the ugliest you've ever looked.

Okay.

You know, I could take a joke.

I could take a razzing.

Sure.

We all can.

That's the great thing about human beings is we have a sense of humor about ourselves.

I don't know.

Does Arthur have a sense of humor?

Yes, I do.

What do you think?

It's funny.

Let me tell you one of my favorite jokes.

Okay.

I love that.

There's a, a, a, a quiche.

What?

What is a quiche?

Like a quiche?

No, I, no.

This, I think he's used a system on my system to remember what it is.

What is a, what's a, what's a, what's a queue?

What is the substitution for queue?

Quiche.

Okay.

He's a Bible salesman.

Okay.

So there's a Bible salesman.

And he walks into a nanu.

Okay.

Now if I remember Zazu, that would be, at least we have the O and the Y.

Right.

Okay.

So it's into a, a body because it's no bees.

Let me get a, it could be.

I know.

Somebody give me a pad and a pen.

A non-new.

Non-new.

Probably a hotel.

It would have to, it's the same, the same letter too.

Oh yeah.

No, it's a, a something.

A dotty.

Okay.

Let's just go through them.

Hobby.

It can't be Bobby because there's no bees.

Can't be Hobby.

Can't be Lobby.

Cos, Cosy.

It is Lobby.

Lobby.

That doesn't make any sense.

Who you said?

The second N in the word is two bees.

Anytime there's a second N in the word.

But when you went through that before, you said, you went one by one.

You never explained that.

Well, we're all, we haven't bought the book to be fair.

Look, you don't, you don't learn how to grow a mustache in instantly.

Well, I, it just came out.

They can learn how to grow it.

It's going to take you days to grow that mustache, am I correct?

Sure, but I wish you, how long to grow your mustache.

It's always been there since I was 14.

Well then you're the exception to the rule in terms of must aches.

Well I'm sure it'd move over that.

Because any of the rest of us, gentlemen want to grow a mustache, we're going to have to go home, really work out on growing that mustache.

Not shave your face, get up in the morning, don't shave your face.

It's a process.

Sounds like the opposite of doing things.

I think it's a sound perfect analogy for my system.

Because you got to work out on your memory just like you need to work out on your mustache.

Did you want to finish that joke or is that it?

I loved, I loved jokes.

I loved to love.

You know what, all I really remember is he walks into the lobby of the W Hotel.

Wait, what?

Oh, you know what now it's coming back to me and he goes up to hit, he goes up and he says, I have a reservation under the name Zazu McKinley, which if you use my system is Bobby Williams.

And then they go McKinley.

Okay.

You got it.

If you really work backwards with a pad and pen, you would see.

Does the W Hotel, does that W stand for anything?

W is one of those letters where the W, whenever you have a W, you take that out, put another W in.

W is always W.

Always W.

Great.

So it seems to me like you could leave it the same.

You wouldn't have to take it out and put it in.

You should really just look, you seem skeptical on my system.

If you don't want to use it, don't use it.

You seem to be doing okay.

But if you want to use it, you got to take that letter out, put the letter.

If you want to use it, you got to use it.

If you want to use it, you have to use it.

Right.

If you told me I'm using it, you're not using it.

I'd say get right out of town, friend, because you're not using it.

You're so friendly though, when you say that.

Well, I'm not, you know, you're not one of the most confrontational people.

How old are you?

How old am I?

Yeah.

75, you're so old.

I did not expect that.

You did not believe.

No.

33, you know, 70, five years old.

I went to the doctor when I was 35 years old.

He said you probably only have another year or two to live.

And I started, I designed and started using this memory system.

And that's what I've read.

On your own body.

The next, the last 40 years.

Yeah.

Wow.

That's a...

I've never been to the doctor.

I can tell.

You have a lot of open source.

You have a lot of weeping source on your face.

But why did my husband leave me?

I think you didn't take the time to remember your anniversary.

All right, guys, we got to get to plugs here.

We're in the middle of the plugs.

Anyway, do you have a reservation for Bobby Williams or whatever it was?

McKinley.

And the answer was, no, I don't.

And then you look back at him and he goes, all right.

That's your favorite structure.

Your favorite structure.

Yeah.

For jokes.

Don't steal that one, Tim.

It sounds like somebody stole it from me, but I don't.

All right.

So Tim, what do you have to plug here?

Well, comedy is a number one movie of all time.

And it's...

Certainly going to be the number one movie on iTunes and V OD.

It's on demand.

It's on iTunes.

Please support this film.

It's a small little movie.

It's a great film.

A very dramatic performance by you.

Thank you.

And on CinemaPodcast.com.

Yes.

All right, Diane, what do you have to plug?

I'd like to plug that my house is still where it was when ...

You left, Ronald.

And if you want to come back, it'll still be there.

And I'd also love to plug my son's CD.

Your son has a CD.

He sells it on the Metro.

It's called Live Free and Always Live.

And it's a rap album and it's inspirational raps.

That sounds great.

Yeah.

So just go on this subway, what town?

I'm in Hollywood.

Okay.

Great.

So anyone on the holidays...

Why not plugs for the back of your head?

Okay.

I missed the opportunity on the eyebrow.

The eyelash one.

Well, that was pluck.

Yeah.

Sorry, just go ahead.

You hit me from all angles today.

All right, Arthur, what do you have to plug?

I want to plug the website for the Steinborn memory system.

Okay.

And that's www.iquzy just a qz aqum8bmem.

And when you translate that, it of course is the Arthur Steinborn memory system.

Dot org.

You know what?

I actually screwed up and when you translated it's Arthur Bornstein.

But you know, it's...

So you got the wrong domain name, but you're stuck with it.

There are those things that are expensive.

And I've already done, you know, I've already taken the time to do that.

It took me two to three weeks to get that website address.

Yeah, of course.

All right.

Well, I just want to plug, hey, we'll be back to our normal schedule next week.

We have the special Halloween show next week.

So please listen to us on Monday and you know what happens on Halloween.

And head over to earwolf.com with the Comedy Bang Bang t- shirts.

And hey, I also want to thank Tim Bourne, Tim Bourne, who donated $100 to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much, Tim.

Something special coming to you.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

That is the closing up the plug bag theme as sung by Ken Marino, special Casey Wilson Bro remix that we heard a couple of days ago.

And guys, that's it.

Thank you so much for being a part of this show.

Thank you very much.

Was that your Elvis impersonations?

Tim, you do a great Elvis.

Yes, I'll do it again for you.

Thank you very much.

That is really good.

Call Priscilla.

Hey, Priscilla.

I have a new song that I've written specifically for you.

What's called, Houndog.

Alright, guys, thanks very much.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks, bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

the world's dead.
