Well it's that time of year again. We have a very spoop-p oop-pep-pep-pep-pep-pep-pep-peshole show for you today.

A lot of ghosts, guests, I don't know. In fact I don't know what's gonna happen on today's show, but all of that and more, I guess, all on today's!

♫♫♫♫ Hey, remember not to get murdered! Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thanks for that catchphrase submission.

Snoto, S-N-A-T-O. Hey remember not to get murdered. Good catchphrase for our show today.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, or should I say Comedy Fang Bang? No, no, no, Comedy Bang Bang.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Welcome all you boys and gh ouls? No girls, boys and girls. Sorry, I misread the card.

Boys and girls. Welcome all you boys and girls.

Why would I say ghouls? This doesn't make any sense.

Welcome to the show this week. I'm Scott Ockermann and you know this happened to me last year.

I was about to do the show and I went to the Earwool Studios where we normally taped the show and there was a note written in some reddish substance.

I don't know, some red ink. I don't know what it was. It was like a gloppy red ink that was sort of a blood color.

You know what the color of blood is?

And anyways, written in red and it said, hi the show isn't at the Earwool Studios this week. The show is at the Were wolf Studios.

Yes, the Werewolf Studios. Not the Earwolf Studios, the Werewolf Studios. It's not the Earwolf Studios where we normally tape the show, but the Werewolf Studio.

Maybe I misread- I am- I- the Werewolf Studios. That's better anyway. So I got the address which as I said last year was 1 1 2 2 Boogie Woogie Avenue and I came here and it doesn't seem to be a studio at all. It's just this big creepy house.

What is it?

This creepy laugh is the worst of all.

But anyway, so I- here I am stepping into the- into the creepy house. I don't have any guest book to- wait.

I don't have any pants. What was that?

I don't have any ghosts, no guests booked for the show, but I- anyway, I'm just gonna walk into this creepy house.

Well, well, well. Oh my gosh. If it isn't our good friend, Scott aching man.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you- you must have me confused with someone else. I'm not Scott aching man. I'm actually Scott Akerman, host of comedy Akerman.

In no Akerman, I know.

That's not even creepy or ghoulish. That's just- more like- Slimey. Slime is creepy.

We know what your name is, Scott. I guess slimer from the Ghostbusters is kind of creepy, so- Very creepy.

Very creepy. Wait a minute.

The scariest monster ever in film.

Especially when he has hot dogs in his mouth.

I hated that. It scared me so badly.

Hello, Scott.

Hello, welcome to Suicide.

Suicide.

Oh no, my back in Suicide House? Is that what this is?

Yeah, I'm surprised that you didn't remember us from last year, pretty- Yeah, basically.

I would think that we would come out and you would say, oh hey guys, or- well, Lisa, oh fuck off. I don't want to talk to you.

How do I get tricked into this every year? I never seem to remember.

You all an idiot.

You shouldn't put it- we are the one who- Oh, you've heard, you've heard it. No. It could be. It could be. Think about it. The moment you step inside of Suicide House, you become so mind-numbingly depressed.

You can't even remember that your name is Scott aching, man .

Is that really my name, Spirit?

It is now.

Oh no, I've been mispronouncing it very far to you guys. I 'm on you.

Oh, there's only one question left for you, Scott. How will you die?

Spirit! Oh, wait, I have another question. Oh, yes? How did you- what did you get your shoes?

Oh, these? This is so nice.

It's nothing. Zappos?

Zappos!

Yes, yes, yes. Affordable shoes. I showed you that website.

Oh, yes, Mythwall. This is a good world.

You have websites?

I'm sorry. So much better than Jimmy Jazz.

We do have our own website.

Yes, it's www.spookyguys.com.

With the Z registered when I was asleep. I had no input.

I don't know. Yes, and we can't afford to switch it.

We've already sent to our name, so I was upset.

I can't imagine a lot of- Spooky guys, what does that have to do with suicide house?

It is accurate.

You are spooky guys, but you would have thought that you would have picked suicide house.

But we're trying to get- yes, exactly.

We could only get suicidehouse.tv.

Well, I would have much preferred that than spooky guys.

Don't cough.

At least it's a dot-cob.

It's very confusing.

You're not calm. I pike.

How are you, scum-tcom?

You're fed?

What?

Mythwall, you're going to make him leave before he kills himself.

Wait, I can leave.

No!

See you later, guys!

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!

What's that?

Yes, you want me to say?

You don't want to leave because if you walk out that door, that was a trick.

We just played a trick on you.

You've been three.

Yes, I did.

Do you guys own a cap?

Yes.

Are we doing the cat?

His name is Scary.

Scary cat.

He named the cat too while I was a scary.

Not even a scary.

Scary?

No, scary.

Because it's not scary.

It's scary.

He named the cat while I was asleep and it was actually a long, it was a good ghoul nap.

And those normally last about a month or two.

So when I came around, Scary cat was already, already knew his name.

I'm not trained in my frustration.

Will you shouldn't let me name things when you take your month while maps?

Also, by the way, should you be sleeping this much?

Are you depressed?

Oh.

Am I depressed?

Scott?

That's what I asked you.

There are no words to describe my unique depression.

I wake up, whereas other men might see the sun and the clouds and the blue skies.

Sure.

Yeah, all the things that make life worth living.

I see a gun.

Because I'm holding a gun pointed at my very own head.

Yes, and then I bring in breakfast and we eat and everything's fine.

Miss Balls got a, a nervous stomach and if he doesn't have food, he just kills me.

I can really not.

I really need to eat.

Really?

I know I should pack a snack, but I just, you know, I don't want the hassle.

I don't want the food to eat.

You want to eat the food?

You've heard you could sit in the spike chair?

I will sit in it for as long as you want.

Where does God?

I'm going to stand.

Really?

Why is that?

There's no other chairs without spikes?

No.

There's one massage chair.

I usually sit in it.

Bufa doesn't sit in it very often.

Miss Moles Tolle, so here's back problem.

Right.

He lays on the floor, sits on the floor.

If we're in the bedroom, you know, I have him bring the massage chair up to the room and he sits on the bed.

I sit on the massage chair.

It sounds like a nice arrangement.

For outside, just sit in the gas.

Breakfast in bed, lunch in the sunroom.

That's how we do things every day.

Lunch in the sunroom.

Where's dinner?

Then a quick magazine, dinner's in the great hall.

Yes.

I haven't been to the great hall.

No, I would love to go, man.

You see it?

It has a table that's made of frozen blood.

No!

Yes.

That's horrifying.

Yeah, but it's really hard.

Really hard.

It's just like a redwood.

You can't smell it.

Yeah, it's like a redwood.

But it is dried blood, but it feels like a redwood.

Oh, it's just kind of dried and coagulated to this point.

I mean, if you think about it, if you think about it, a table that was actually made from a redwood would be like a trap.

That would have sap.

It's like tree blood.

Yeah, exactly.

Tree flesh.

Yeah.

Yes, but we eat normal food.

California style food.

What is California style food?

What do you know?

Fresh ingredients.

Quinoa, fresh ingredients from the Central Valley.

Okay.

Well, you are in California.

Suicide house is located in California.

Yes, don't tell them the address.

I don't want anybody to tell them the address.

I did already.

It's one, one, two, two, boogie.

We made it.

No, no, no, no.

Oh, shit.

No, no.

Maybe we could bleep that.

Now everybody, not the ugh.

Hello, paparazzi.

Don't you want people to come to Suicide House so they commit suicide?

No, no.

Yes, no.

I just don't want too many people.

Oh, okay.

Like the other day I was in New York City and I saw Sleep No More.

Okay.

That show?

Sure.

Too many people there.

Oh.

How many people do you like at a show, a Broadway show?

Well, it's not a Broadway show.

It's more of a performance art piece.

Oh, okay.

Really describe it actually because it would be on the guy.

You're a culture guy, huh?

But too many people.

Miss Moreth, I think you're fond of, uh, 20.

I like a good 20 in my, in my, uh, environmental theatre.

Mental theatre pieces.

Yeah, 20 people in the movie.

So Suicide House, I consider environmental theatre.

I see.

Well, right now I'm the only person here.

I presume, I mean, maybe we'll get more people here later.

Oh, Scott O'Gillman, I would like to ask you.

Wait, I thought my name was Scott Aching, man.

Well, I, I'm switching it up so I don't go so heavy and annoy you.

I want you to stay here a while.

Oh, I had already, is that okay Scott?

Yeah, I already resigned myself to the fact that that was my name.

Oh, good.

Oh, oh, oh, good, good, Scott Aching.

Scott Aching, man, I have a question.

Yes, please.

Am I boring?

Oh, no.

I feel like I'm kind of getting, getting a little boring.

Oh, no.

I know.

I, I, I does this all the time in companies.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

If you hang out with just one person the entire time it gets to be a lot like, oh, your stories.

I think you'll hold them.

You've told them so many times.

You feel like I'm repeating myself from last year.

No, I don't feel that way, but maybe, you know, Beaufort does.

No, no, I just think of everyone.

Everyone, you know what's boring when you ask people if you are boring.

That's what's boring.

Oh, please.

No.

I'm being vulnerable.

No.

And being open and asking people what they think about me to relieve social tension.

No, no, no, you don't need to do this.

These people are dead as doornails 15 minutes into being in suicide house.

You don't need to appeal to them.

15 minutes.

I would like those to be secure.

Well, most people...

Most people...

Oh, yes.

Thank you, man.

You'll probably commit suicide though at the end of comedy, thank you.

I hope not, I mean, but maybe then again, if I were to commit suicide, the show would have different hosts.

Is that maybe what you're thinking of?

Yes.

Maybe you guys would like to host the show.

Yes, we're really good for the rest of the year.

Do you do anything that's not during Halloween?

Yes, we go to Maine in the summertime.

We go to...

Without Maine.

We love Maine right around Portland and Bath.

There's a nice little island that's...

We have all two ourselves.

I got to tell you, I love eating people.

Yes.

I'll tell you, give me a lobster.

Oh.

It's the food of these...

Food of Kings.

Oh, exactly.

So good.

Sometimes I'll eat a lobster and wash it down with a couple of lobster.

Oh, God, oh God, that frightened me for some reason.

Maybe it was your town of voice.

Whoa.

It hurts because of how crazy it was.

In decadent?

Yes.

I usually cook up a nice butter sauce in the round.

Okay, yes.

He means the kitchen.

Obviously.

I wish I could call the lab as well.

Yeah, okay.

Yes.

Tell you what, guys, can we take a break?

Do you guys have...

I feel like this is a real workout.

Really?

You do?

A mental workout for me.

Oh, well, maybe I've spent so much time sleeping.

After so many years of doing this, too, maybe I've built up a resistance to suicide house and I'm not.

No!

Look, don't say that!

The walls!

They're closing in on you!

Spikes!

Oh, but this massage chair feels so good.

Don't believe in the massage.

The spikes.

That's right there.

That's a spot.

Oh, no, you're fine.

You're fine.

Okay.

Anyway.

Let's take a break.

I don't think you have a resistance.

Don't worry.

We'll murder you.

We will convince you later.

We will convince you to commit suicide.

By the end.

Okay.

I'll write after would you rather interrupting your...

Are we interrupting you?

Are we interrupting you too much?

I don't think so.

Okay, good.

But I do want to...

Tell us if we are.

Yeah.

Let's take a break and when we come back, maybe I'll murder myself and get suicide.

Yay!

We can play tennis!

Yes!

That was two totally different things.

The net is made of spider.

Oh, God!

Yes!

Oh, spirit.

Just kidding.

Really?

Jake.

Spider webs?

No, it's my dried gum.

Yes, guys.

It's dried gum.

We're going to talk a lot more about that when we come back .

Sorry.

We'll be right back with...

It's very durable.

Yeah, a little more...

We're going to say more comedy-fang fang fang after this.

We'll be right back.

Comedy-fang fang fang, we're back here in Suicide House with Buford and Messmoor-Lebaran brothers.

Hello!

And owners for priors of the Suicide House.

Hello!

And I might commit suicide at some point.

They've been talking it over with me.

Are you feeling it?

Feeling it?

Over the break.

I see the pros and cons pretty clearly.

Oh, no!

You guys expecting company?

A visitor.

That's fine.

There's only one person here.

Yeah, there's two people.

Room for 19 more.

Yes.

Shall I?

Can I call the butler to let you know this man or...

I don't have a butler, you idiot.

Oh no!

I'm the butler.

No, you're the butler.

I forgot.

I love that movie, by the way.

Wait a second.

He's the butler.

I love that movie, by the way.

I love that movie.

Wait a second.

Let's get...

I...

I heard yourself.

But didn't you say that you wanted me to act as butler when there were people you had them to want me to?

Oh yes, I do.

I guess I can say that.

Bing bong!

Okay, yes, let's answer the door.

Bing bong!

Hello, is this a 1-1-2-2 Boogie Wogie Avenue?

Yes!

Oh gosh, who is this?

Welcome to Suicide House.

Oh, Zion!

I'm Scott.

I don't belong here too.

Scott Aching, man.

I don't belong in Suicide House.

Who are you young traveler of the night?

I'm Kane Sherman with the Historical Society.

Oh, Murder House Division.

What?

Murder House?

Well, you've got the wrong place.

Yes, this is Suicide House.

And we don't commit murder.

We simply convince people to commit suicide.

You might be interested in what I have to propose.

You see, I would like to possibly give Suicide House Historical status.

Oh, oh my gosh.

That's a pretty interesting thing.

That's actually not a sitting right there.

Fantastic.

Come on, that would be really helpful to you guys.

Has anyone ever tried to tear down this old rickety house before?

No, I mean, well, yes.

Many people.

My records show that a lot of people would...

Yes, a lot of people would tear this.

They've never succeeded as a designer.

They've...

Because they all...

They've all...

They've all committed...

And...

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

Suicide!

A real estate...

A real estate appraisal once came in.

Yeah.

Really?

We put him in the bullying room and made YouTube videos bullying him until he committed suicide.

Suicide!

I knew him.

That was Jack Gumbo, wasn't it?

It was Jack Gumbo.

He was an old dog buddy.

Great name.

He was from New Orleans.

Shame.

Oh, he was from New Orleans.

Yeah.

Yes.

Come on in.

You heard that squeaky door.

Yes, come on in.

Just...

Perfect place.

Look at this.

This is a nice...

You can...

Well, make us up and hope.

That's the host of the show and the person in the most comfortable chair.

I'm not being sarcastic.

We have this...

Wait, wait, wait.

Let me talk.

Good.

Not being sarcastic.

I really mean that.

Thank you so much.

I appreciate that, Maas House.

I appreciate you broadcasting your last podcast episode ever from me.

Perhaps I'll come to Suicide and I'll join you as providers of Suicide House.

Thank you.

Yes, that's cool.

Look, guys, I don't have a lot of time here, okay?

Are you interested in this shit or not?

Politically.

Absolutely.

I mean, what the hell, you know?

Alright, so here's a...

It's got a good man.

Get out of the chair.

Sit down.

Why can't he sit in that chair?

I'm not gonna sit in that chair.

No, he's a mike.

We're just got taken by...

No, I'm in the mike.

Get up.

Alright.

Get out of the sky.

You think this is the first spooky house I've been in?

Clearly not.

Of course not.

You've just said this is your job, so probably not...

It's my fucking job.

Oh my...

Are you allowed to curse so much?

On the job?

Not very professional.

I'm not a servant.

You're a fucking boss's man's around.

Well, you are in our house.

Do you know what's my job is?

And you are on his show.

So...

I work in the lab late at night and when I need a thing to eat.

Oh, please.

I mix up some potions and make a tree.

It's just lab spooky.

And then we all eat the spooky trees.

Here's what you got right.

If this place is not spooky enough because, you know, it's a suicide house, I can't really give it historical status.

If I find evidence of a murder...

Yes, yes.

Well, then I can give it a second.

All right, what are asked...

I asked what are some of the other houses that you've given murder house status.

You know the Wonderland house?

Wonderland Avenue?

Yes.

Valcuma killed all those people.

Yes.

I believe the weapon was a salami.

I recently...

He was John Holmes, the porn man.

Right.

I recently visited the John Wayne Casey murder house on John Wayne Casey Court.

You did it.

So you went to New York and then you went to Chicago.

Oh, yes.

I went to New York for sleep no more and then I went to Chicago for...

Okay, great.

I've been to Toronto Casey house.

Yeah, and then me.

Fuggsy Seagull's house?

I gave that house murders.

Well, he was murdered or where he lived and murdered.

Where he lived and was murdered.

Right.

Why Dick Tracy himself?

Who?

Who later went on to play?

Fuggsy.

Fuggsy who later went on to be Warren Beatty the actor who later went on to play Bull's Worth.

This isn't right.

How you just...

Bull's Worth?

What?

You see, that's what I need with this house.

Any celebrities murdered here?

I mean, I might be a celebrity and I might commit suicide here.

Oh, no, you got to get murdered.

Oh, well, I mean, they might convince me to murder.

You know, they may be complicit in the murder is that...

Hold on, hold on, man.

Isn't suicide self murder?

Yeah.

Yes.

What about assisted suicide?

They may help me.

Jack Evoquian came here with his suicide machine.

He did.

He said, go away.

Hit the brakes.

We don't need it.

Hit the brakes.

Take a walk.

So easy.

We have a mental suicide machine.

Yeah.

Because you're playing the longcon.

That's like, you know, that's like reading off of your Kindle.

I'm not a...

Just read a book.

Come on.

Read a book.

I don't see what's different.

I'm not here to fuck around with this suicide murder is murder shit.

Okay.

Suicide is painless.

Do you have an opinion on that?

I hate to...

Painful murder.

Never fad.

I was never fed of match.

Hated radar.

I thought he was too nerdy.

Can I go check out this lab and see if it's a little...

Come down upstairs and we'll work in the lab.

That was the door.

Here we are on the stairs.

I'm going to put some WD-40 on that.

No way.

I'm going to scare your creep.

People for do remember when you put less WD-40 on that then you mean?

It's done.

Maybe make it rustier.

If it's done for weird death, that's 40.

I say.

That's true.

Did I ever tell you about the time that we...

We pitched a movie.

Thank you.

We pitched a film to...

Cheers to you.

To Robert Altman and a television show to Larry Gilbert.

No, I don't remember that.

Monster Mash.

Monster Mash, of course.

Here's how the theme song went.

Monster Mash the film.

Here we were working in the lab last night.

When we came a dreadful fright.

It was terrible.

Terrible.

Last night.

Yes, Frankenstein is my best friend.

Brand, brand, brand.

Glad suicide is dangerous.

Bomp, bomp.

It brings all many dreams.

All many changes.

Five, five, five.

And I was working in the lab last night.

Nine.

Yes, Beaufort remembers it really well.

The plan was to get really morbid and boring at the end of the series.

And make it really bad and ruin everything that everybody liked about it.

Seems like they stole your idea.

Yeah, we never got to make it.

I thought they took risks.

They took risks, but...

They took risks.

I don't want to...

The actors could carry it, they're writing too.

Yeah.

Well anyway, Kane, thanks for coming by.

Oh, right.

Oh, wait, do you have more?

What?

Yeah, I've made you a potion.

Wait, now I've made you a potion.

It's...

For...

Loco.

I'm sorry, Kane.

What do we have to do to convince you?

What do we have to do to convince you that we need...

We want that then, Mark?

I need...

I need some...

I need some OJ Simpson house murder type stuff.

Oh, that's right.

Remember when he did that?

Yes.

But the pet 2006, I think?

Yes.

Oh, yeah.

RIP.

We buried him, unfortunately, in the pet cemetery.

Oh, I want to be buried there.

It's still in the tabloids, but...

Do you have any sirens of the golden screen like Lana Turner?

Of course.

Boo.

Of course we do.

Oh, yes.

Lana Turner.

Very good actress.

I loved her in Leaves of Grass.

I loved her in Turner and Hootch.

Yes, she was...

She was great in Turner and Hootch, and that's what I'm talking about.

Is there any dogs that maybe...

Yeah, some dogs?

Got dogs?

We're in Tinden.

Hey, I'm trying to help you guys out.

I mean, this suicide is just...

Oh, yeah, that killed himself.

He had a lot of red tape.

Hootch?

Yeller killed himself.

Yes.

I remember that story.

I think a little bit different.

The pet was the movie.

Yes.

The real story is he came here to suicide house, and I injected him with rabies.

Oh!

Then we gave him a shotgun and told him to take his ass up to the milk bone, bro.

Oh!

Blue is a standout.

No!

I was really hoping that maybe he handed the shotgun back to you and...

No, but I did inject him with rabies.

Yeah, I mean, come on, Kane.

He injected him with rabies.

Rabies doesn't kill you.

But it makes someone else kill you as a dog.

Hey, rabies kills you.

Rabies kills you.

It's rage aids.

You're wrong.

It's rage aids.

It fucking keeps you in wrong.

No, no.

But what it is, rage aids.

Rabies is rage aids.

It's for the love of rage aids.

Yeah, for the love of rage aids.

That's why you injected him?

Yes.

Everybody loves rage aids.

Kim Kardashian killed herself in the butt room.

The butt room.

Is that next to the...

Let me go check out this butt room.

Let's all go there.

Here is the butt room.

See, there's no creaking on this door at all.

You need to rest this shit up.

That's because it's gone.

It's gone.

It's been opened instead of creaking.

Oh, okay.

That is pretty spooky.

Yes.

Look at Kim Kardashian's butt.

It's made of AIDS and spaghetti.

Hey!

It's still here on the floor.

Don't tell them the recipe.

Kardashian's big old ass.

They made it in the lab.

Listen.

Kim Kardashian's ass is not big compared to this couch.

Listen, I don't know where I'm going.

What is coming, Lee?

Let's get out of here.

Okay.

No, no, no.

I heard there was a sun room here.

Is that where you take lunch?

A bleeding sun room.

Oh, yes.

Oh, okay.

Well, let's open the door to it here.

It's very confusing to vampires.

It's that time of the month for the sun.

Yes.

The sun is bleeding.

Bleed holes.

It's cranking.

Boom.

There's a lot of windows here.

It's complaining about how I adjust the towels.

There's a lot of windows here.

There's a lot of computers with windows and it's...

Yeah, windows 95.

Do you guys ever consider switching over to a Mac?

Oh, not really.

No.

Bill Gates contributes a lot to Suicide House.

Does he really?

The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has been very kind.

I think that...

I think one thing that would help out is if this place didn 't have Wi-Fi.

Ooh, that would be...

Because then, you know, you get scared of it.

What if it had boo-Fi?

It had boo-fi.

That would be a very good idea.

Well, maybe...

Boo-fi, yes.

...convinced the Gates to get us...

To start boo-fi and get us boo-fi.

Yeah, okay.

Yes.

I have a confession to make.

Yes, please.

They think they're contributing money to NPR, but we did a little switcher row where...

We asked them to contribute money to us and it looks like NPR, but if you look very closely, there's a tiny, tiny SCA in front of the OSTs, NP SCAR.

Yes.

Ohh!

No!

One or two SCARs!

One or two!

It took a long time to get there, but I think it was worth it.

It was worth it.

Well worth it.

NP SCAR.

We'll tell you what, Kane, can you make your decision after the break?

Yeah, I'll need some time to deliberate.

Okay, yeah.

Maybe we'll show you around a little more during the break.

Yes, come down to the lab and look at my chemicals.

It's not late at night, but you could come into the lab.

Maybe I should have come back in time.

Maybe he does his best job.

Yes, we'll leave one night out.

One night.

That's when he made Kim Kardashian's ass.

Yes, and scaryguys.com.

Yeah.

And the kind of silly putty that burns children's skin.

Ohh, okay.

That's not a...

You'll want to take a look at that.

I'd like to take a look at that.

Yeah.

If a kid got covered in enough silly putty, I guess.

It's not a sexy, but it's more practical.

Yes, yes.

I also made a human burp.

No!

The human...

No!

Alright guys, let's take a break when we come back more.

Comedy Fang Fang after this.

Ooh!

Oh!

Back out!

Whoo!

Comedy Fang Fang, we're back here and we're back with Beau fort in Messmoor, LeBare.

Hello!

Oh, and you're the proprietors of Suicide House.

And we also have Kane Sherman from the LA Historical Society.

Oh, shit!

Yeah.

Why are you cursing so much?

He's so cool.

See, look, I gotta be tough when I go into these scary places, okay?

Oh.

I can't be coming in here all scared and shit.

You're intimidating.

Kane?

I've gotta be more intimidating than any possible spooks and spirits.

Hey, Sherman.

Hey, really cool.

Kaney, sure.

Hey, man, cool.

You're pretty cool.

You're cooler than Fonzie.

And how cool was he?

He was very cool.

You know what I'm going to call you?

Hm.

Cocaine Wormsman.

Ooh!

That is very scary.

It'd be super scary.

Yeah, let's...

First half of the last name.

You can't let that name get out to my colleagues, though.

Why?

Well, you know, that would be very bad.

That could be very bad for me.

It's sure that you had no one to mess with.

Are you?

Are you thinking of running for office?

Is that...

Oh, yeah.

Oh, we have a lot of info.

We should change our first name, man.

Yes.

Kane does mean Satan in the book of Satan.

Yes.

Kane.

Yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And evil brother.

Yes.

He killed Abel with a big rock.

Did you have a brother?

It also means candy cane, though.

Just want to check that.

Oh, that sounds like a candy cane.

No, but then you have to add the candy.

Well, you have to add the candy.

Do you guys hear that door?

Ooh, I hear something spooky.

I know who that is.

Ah!

Spookying even you.

Welcome, my children.

My children of...

My children of children.

Oh, goody, goody, goody.

Welcome unto me.

Wearing for a treat now.

Yes, pewford.

Mess more.

Look unto me.

Oh, yes.

Oh, my gosh, who is this?

It's Maximilian.

Look into the mirror, Scott.

It's our father.

Oh, this mirror right here on the wall.

Hey, Kane, look into the mirror.

All right, all right.

So the illusion presents itself to you.

All right, here I go.

I'm looking at my body.

I look normal.

I mean, normal for me, which is I'm not thrilled with.

I know it's your sin, mustache.

I do.

And suddenly agreeing about the temples, Oh, my gosh.

Disgusting a certain madness of the mind.

Wait a minute.

I'm not looking at myself at all.

I'm looking at a...

Yes.

No, just the evening robe with a subtle erection.

Yes.

That is the thing.

I most noticed and I did not want to mention.

Not so subtle this year.

Yeah.

It is I Maximilian Blanc.

Oh.

Maximilian Blanc, my father, our father.

Yes, that is right.

Why do you have different names?

Right?

It doesn't matter.

Fire on of Beauford and Messmore, my bastard son.

Oh, you impregnated our mother with your tuxedo on and we were born with tuxedos on.

Silence, wicked child.

Sorry.

Sorry, Father.

Silence all back to the orphanarium with you.

No, no, not the orphanarium.

Not the orphanarium.

Oh, no.

If you're not Messmore, you are my one.

My one truth, I am.

What about me, Dad?

If I work in the lab all the time.

Yeah, he's a hard worker.

I've got a job.

I shall attempt throughout my eternal life to grind you into powders.

No!

Different kind of powders.

Father's powder.

Dad's can be rough.

They're on their own thing.

Yeah.

They fetch me a cauldron of popping corn.

No fool.

That's not cool.

A caw boiling cauldron of popcorn.

Wait, you just want some popcorn?

I would like a steaming.

I would like a cawing a pop popcorn.

Do you want me to make some popcorn and then boil it?

You know I like it kettle boiled in a blood soaked, awful red and black at night.

It does love this kettle corn.

I could go for some kettle corn too.

Shut up, Kane!

What?

Come on, Kane.

Hey!

What's here?

Father, Father!

Meet our new best friend Kane.

Kane, you suddenly look like an amphibian to me.

Kane worms me.

Have you ever felt like a frog?

My skin?

What's going on?

My skin is changing.

Chagix.

Collect.

Uh oh.

Oh no!

Father's turned into a frog.

No, no.

Oh no!

Yes!

Good daddy.

Good.

Good daddy.

You injured to a side house.

My man set up the hill of Boogie-Wogie Avenue.

Daring to demand me.

Daring to tell.

Oh my gosh.

Daddie.

Fuck him.

He turned into a frog and now Maximilian has grabbed him by his high quarters.

Fuck the frog.

Fuck the frogie daddy.

Come on, guys.

The perfect side.

Ribbit, ribbit.

For my dowager dog.

Fuck.

Where you have a small dog?

Is that what you're trying to say?

A small and useless one.

Ribbit.

It doesn't matter.

Yeah.

That's that frog.

AKA my best friend.

I love the way you feel inside me.

That is true.

Yes.

Listen you frogie.

You're going to make our house a historical plaque or not.

Yeah.

There has been made in here.

Stop.

Sorry.

No, stop.

The situation has changed a little bit.

Is the situation from the jill this roll?

I will withdraw my ample loins for a moment.

Take your penis, your ample.

Is that show a stone?

Directly contradicting what you said.

Is that show still on?

The drill this roll.

Changing by the moment in a mad way.

Oh my god.

You haven't ever changed in dong.

Fill me up.

Where the fuck.

Fill me up to the ground.

No, no, no, fuck it.

Ribbit.

Fuck him.

Ribbit.

Stop fucking.

Fuck the frog.

So we can talk about this thing.

Why though?

The situation has changed.

Are you going to grant historical status to suicide house?

I am sorry for the processing.

Give us the impact, baby.

You've turned into a horny toad.

Yeah, I know that's true, baby.

Yeah.

We'll get you laid for all you toad.

A horny toad has played by Telly Civalis.

You're the most great.

Yeah.

Ah, ribbit.

And if you stay here now as an animal, you can be best friends with me.

You can be best friends with my pet cat Snagglepuss.

Wait, I thought you wanted to be his best friend.

Well, he's already my best friend.

He can have two best friends.

I thought he was really early.

I thought he was scared.

The more the merrier I always say.

A haunted man's in Laurel Canyon of several floors has many potential friendships.

Mmm.

I'm actually a million.

You are the owner of this house.

I was once the owner of this property.

Indeed, I was.

Oh, okay.

And I am, it's a, it's, it's deemed elder.

When you bought it, was it?

From beyond the grave.

Oh, yeah, I assume.

Oh.

Sorry, that was my fault.

Excuse me.

Does anyone know how to get out of this mad house?

Who is this?

Is this Paul?

Who is this?

Is this Paul's your body?

Well, no.

No, my name is Ralph McElvaney and I've been trapped in this ghost place for as long as I can to get the hell out.

You've never told me to go.

No.

You've had someone else trapped in here.

No, yes.

We used to take on visitors.

Oh, yes.

Yes, we have many people trapped in here.

That's what I was talking about my other cat.

We have two cats.

Oh.

One that's out, scaredy cat and one that's trapped.

Snagglepuss.

Scary cat.

Oh, an entire basement.

Scary cat?

Scary.

We established it was scary.

No, we thought it would have been better as scary cat, but we established a scary cat.

Scary cat.

You know, that just goes to us.

You hear what you want to hear.

You really do.

For 50 years, I thought that his name is 50 years old.

I have thought that his name was scaredy cat.

Beaufort doesn't have the best speech.

Who's the best elocution?

I didn't go to no school.

I ate go to no school, man.

Yeah.

Hey, man.

I learned chemistry on my own.

What?

The chemistry.

My studies were sufficient to carry out his work in honor of his father.

Yes.

Actually, I mean, why not send them to school?

Why, on earth, when I could board them up inside of rooms where they're unable to escape.

Though you did say the school marriage.

Very true.

Yes.

Amazing.

I wish I could have gone to school.

Wait a minute.

Who's this?

It's Ghost Boy.

Oh, Ghost Boy's back.

Ghost Boy's back.

Yeah, Goose Boy's here.

You can tell me I'm psychologically on it.

What was your name again, sir?

My name is Ralph McElvaney and all I want is to get out of this hoo-ha business.

I checked into a hotel and have been here ever since.

Why haven't you committed suicide yet?

Boy, oh boy, if I only could.

Huh.

What the fuck's going on here?

Wait, James, get off me.

I'm trying to fucking nap upstairs.

What's with all the racket?

What does James get off any doing in suicide house?

What do you mean, George?

You know not to where the demons come from.

James, how are you?

How have you been?

I'm shitty.

I'm trying to get a fucking nap upstairs.

I keep hearing all this hammering and hollering down here.

What's going on?

We're talking about Argo.

Doesn't Argo.

Aren't you an Argo?

Are you?

I'm not an Argo.

You stupid piece of shit.

Doesn't Argo even know that fucking movies I'm in.

Doesn't it?

I'm in that one with it.

It looks very good actually.

You're not fade away.

Yeah, not fade away.

Brad Pitt?

Oh no, that's not one.

I don't know the name.

You're the one with Kristen Stewart where you have say.

No, no, no.

I'm not in that one.

You stupid fucking asshole.

I thought it.

I knew that's what we were doing.

No, no, no, no.

I'm not.

Shut up.

James, you're going to be here.

I kept for your haunted house.

You dumb freaks.

Why don't you have a bell tower that's not accessible to every fly by night demon child that feels like crossing up the staircase?

That actually is a good suggestion.

Oh dang dong, how about a moment's rest?

Mr. McElvoy, you see the McElvaney.

I'm sorry.

The suggestion box as we told you before is over there.

Yes, please do.

Every time I put a card in the suggestion box it nips it my fingers like a goddamn goldfish.

Yeah, well, come on.

The suggestion is all about the side house.

I mean, come on.

It is made of spikes that are alive.

I don't know.

You've put in at least 27 suggestions.

I don't know.

By now you haven't figured out how to just kind of toss the cards.

All I want is to check out, pay my expenses and get back to New York in time for my daughter's birthday.

That's what you think you want.

But what you really want is to go upstairs and kill yourself, which we've been waiting for for quite a while.

Boy, oh boy, I sure would take the easy way out.

If only every time I walked up the stairs they didn't start talking and peeing and waiting like a band of ragtag bone demons.

Tell me about it.

I hate that fucking noise.

Oh yeah, Mr. Kipp.

That noise delights me so.

And yet you're both up there.

Me too.

You both came from up there.

You messed more my child sing to me.

Dad, I'm singing to my father.

I would like to sing to my father.

We haven't talked to you at all.

Boy, you should sing to me whilst my, that's my dowager tongue increases inside.

Maximilian, do you know Ghost Boy?

Yes, of course.

Hello, sir.

Ghost Boy is the little boy who, I need no introduction.

I died in a fire back in the early 1900s.

Fuck him, Daddy.

There have been murders in this house.

Wait, you're not going to fuck Ghost Boy.

Please don't fuck Ghost Boy.

Fuck him, Daddy.

You shall not tell me suddenly I am to be approved because of my guess.

Please don't fuck him.

Please don't fuck me, sir.

You still?

Yes, sir.

It, perhaps it will only be a moment of fratage.

No penetration necessary.

He doesn't even have a corporeal form either, so it would be really hard if it doesn't have a corporeal form, but he will be filled with corporeal desire.

No, corporeal liquids.

Why are you laughing?

Why are you laughing at that?

That's not even a problem.

He's hilarious.

He's the best.

He's the reason the rhythm is humorous.

I guess so.

So Ghost Boy, what do you want to sing?

I'm sure I have a new joke too.

Oh, yeah, Kane, what do you think about Ghost Boy, by the way?

Oh, my asshole story.

I'm getting fucked by a big car.

All right, we'll check in with you a little.

Hey, gang.

It's me, Shaggy.

It's Shaggy.

I've been downstairs this whole time, it's Shaggy.

Certainly not Shaggy from Scooby Doo, because you sound nothing like you.

No, that's who I am.

I've been hanging out with me.

Spending time with me even.

That's...

Is that... it's Snagglepuss, Snagglepuss.

That's Snagglepuss, man.

How could they survive?

I thought I slaughtered all you children.

I lost my sandwich.

It was pretty big.

Have you seen it?

Nice try, Maximilian.

Fuck off, even.

It's almost 20 people in this room.

I don't have your name.

It's only about 7 people here for 80 years.

If you ask me to use your party and an eternity of ghouls, you're sure a crowd.

I'm about to crack up and be sent to Bellevue.

You should write to calendar.

You're going to say that again.

No shit even.

Snagglepuss.

Good kitties.

Snagglepuss.

Yes, very good.

I have pink sock over here.

Okay.

I have...

Cane, yes.

My spot exploded.

Yeah, and it's...

My butt.

I wrecked him turned inside ours.

Scoothed his...

Please, sir, you are not...

You are not Shaggy from Scooby-Doo.

I'm Shaggy, man.

No, you're not.

You don't sound anything like him.

I'm from the movies, man.

Shaggy is one of my very important compatriots, Chris Vich.

Wait a minute, Chris Vich is the dead.

I am...

I am dead.

I am deceased.

I am...

Wait.

I am not a ghost.

I am here as a spectral projection.

What's up, bitch?

I love your misogyny, man.

I'm Shaggy.

Shaggy, would you like to participate in a debate?

Is it about how funny women are?

And how they're not funny?

Indeed, they are not funny.

I believe it has been put to the question and concluded.

Yeah, wait, wait, wait, wait.

Christopher Hijins, weren't you murdered by cancer?

Indeed, in some ways, I was the...

The bell tools were...

Well, congratulations, guys.

Oh, my God, oh my God.

You're a historical student.

Oh, yes!

Dude, please!

I'm going back to bed, fuck this.

Bye, tutor.

Man, I guess I'll check back in until there's another opportunity.

I'm gonna go find Scoob and then go away!

No, you're not gonna find Scoob because you sound nothing like that.

You're a jaggy!

Perhaps I will be pit-swatted to once again rise the stairs .

Wait, you're all gonna leave me?

I guess I'll just hang around.

Yeah, see, that's what I want to hear, is I want to do some people to hang around.

Who the...

No, stay around!

Should I leave?

No, no, no, you shouldn't leave.

No, we're just Scott Acre, man.

Aching, man.

Stay, King Man, who stay here.

The works of Stephen King leave much to be desired.

Okay, thank you, Stephen.

I'm gonna go surf the internet.

The body...

Be off, even.

The body of Stephen Hawking leaves a lot to be desired.

Yeah, what?

The body's really fucked up.

Jesus.

I tried to fix his body in the lab, but it didn't work.

Is he here?

Stephen Hawking is here!

Hmm.

Here he is.

Meh, meh, I'm retarded!

Meh, meh, I'm Stephen Hawking!

Meh, meh, meh!

Stephen, you're a surgeon that the universe is...

...infused and...

...self-o...

...a bit of bullshit.

It isn't Stephen Hawking!

Oh, wait! Who's that coming through the door?

Oh, Shaggy's back.

Hey, man.

How you doing?

Stephen, don't be so retarded.

That's not Stephen Hawking.

Let me just recap for the listener here.

We're here at Suicide House with Beaufort and Mesmer LeB aron.

One, two, one, two, boogie, boogie.

They're Father Maximilian Blank.

Yes, the Mesmer LeBaron.

My favorite model of automobile.

Ralph McElvaney, who has wandered in here quite a few years ago and seems to be trapped.

All I'm looking for is somebody who could point me to the front door!

We have a cane Sherman from the LA Historical Society who is now a frog.

Oh, fuck!

And who's asshole is turned inside out apparently.

Oh, no!

We have James Gandolfini.

James, would you come out here and just say hello to him?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, hello, hey.

What's the deal with these temp-apetic pillows?

Huh?

I'm sorry.

You know, when I put my hat on a pillow, I want to feel like I'm putting it on a pillow.

Not a fucking gym mat, am I right?

All right, you are right.

We also have Christopher Hitchens.

That's right.

I am here, but I am physically not here.

I am here merely as a victim of your imagination as an accumulation of light.

Yes, also an attendance ghost boy.

Snagglepuss.

White power.

Adolf Hitler even.

A guy who claims to be shaggy but is not.

Hey man, school!

Let's get a sandwich!

And finally, Stephen Hawking.

Blah, blah, blah.

I'm departed.

I'm an idiot.

I didn't do any sense.

Wow, what an assemblage we have here today.

It's me.

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve of us here in the room.

Almost that twenty.

And that's the number.

That's the number.

Do we need to invite eight more?

Baby.

Who's this?

Jim Jones.

Why are we still here?

Hi Jim.

Welcome to Suicide House.

See you everybody.

There's no way to stop.

It's me.

David Kressch.

David Kressch is here as well.

I don't understand.

What's going on in here?

Wait, is this Tristan?

Is this Tristan Hawking?

It's Chris Wauken.

What's up?

I thought we were going to go walking the walk in closing.

I think it's all right.

I'm going to go walking the walk in closing.

It's me, Jim Belushi.

How you doing?

Jim Belushi is here.

I'm the defender.

How many is that?

Hold on.

I'm not starting to feel anxiety.

Sweetheart!

We're at 19.

Oh wait, who's this?

Jim Belushi.

That was Jim Belushi.

We're at 19.

One more person cannot enter.

The 21 and then we'll have a blackjack.

No, 21 would be bad.

No, too much.

We're at 19.

Who said blackjack?

Because it's Chris Rock.

What's up?

Chris Rock is here.

Chris, bro, that's the limit.

That's the 20.

Okay, no more people coming.

No more like the door.

All right, well, you know, so many of us are here in suicide house.

It's important to tell you that black people are not funny.

Listen, man, black people funny.

What about any Murphy and me?

So many people are here, 20 of us in fact, that I feel like we would be remiss if we didn't have a little feature on the show called the freestyle wrap contest between us all.

That makes sense, man.

Oh, there we go.

I came to the right place.

Oh boy.

Here we go.

All right, so there's 20 of us and we'll all freestyle wrap .

You should name us.

I will name us as, I'll pull you out when it's time to go.

And of course, the must be some method to this match.

The theme will be Halloween, of course.

And I'll start us off.

Alright, here we go.

Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm.

We're the school.

Well, my name is Weirdus Scott.

And I'm here to say it's fun to wrap in a Halloween way.

Eating treats, eating treats.

I want to houses with my feet so I get candy corn.

I get those Snickers bars and they are made by the Mars Corporation, of which I'm a big fan.

And I'm a man.

A man who likes candy.

I'm too old to be walking around in my costume.

I know that's bold.

It's bold because everyone else is eight.

But you know what?

I like the day after when I say I ate all that candy.

And that's what I do is I eat candy at night and then I have a stomachache.

A stomachache.

Alright.

A stomachache.

Here we go.

I think, Buford, why don't you start us off?

Yeah, yeah.

Listen to me, everybody.

I'm like, when Buford came in and flew a kite all up to my head and it was scary.

I said, hey, you're the death fairy.

Death fairy.

That's what he said.

What does that mean?

And I grabbed his head and I said, you're dead.

Everyone's cool.

Get out of my face.

You stupid cool.

Oh, yeah.

Spooky.

Alright, mess more of your turn.

Yes.

Yes, yes.

Mess more.

Do you want more of this mess I confess?

My name is Mess more.

I confess it's a suicide house.

Not suicide house.

You can't step into a suicide house unless, of course, you are a suicide flea.

Me and my friend flea, we go to the fairies and we play the bass.

Cause flea, he is the bassist of the archiliy peppers.

Yo, watch the stepper.

Stepper, step, step, step, all over your black and deck up because I'm off.

Give it away.

I'm off.

They can step on the store or the electric socket.

Yo, I'm back to the rocket.

Give it away now.

Like Johnny.

Oh, yes.

I'd be like Ronnie or Danny.

I'm the new kid on the block.

Scratch that.

I'm the old kid.

Suck my cock.

Oh, good rapping.

Maximilian, you're ready to go?

Good evening and welcome to my rhapsody.

I come here as not merely a parody.

I welcome to my man's and welcome to my man's.

Where I will pence my man's on top of my man's.

Laster and madness shall conspire at once and all of God's children shall look upon pours.

Dilly ought to have a new in Atlanta, Georgia.

Welcome to the deep cells.

How deep can you go?

Mwahaha.

Whookey.

Hello, I'm Ghostboy.

Hello, it's Ghostboy.

Are you ready?

Here we go.

I've been around a long, long time.

I died a long time ago.

My dad parted a flame onto me and it burned me alive.

Hey, now I sing songs and I tell jokes and...

Bring that beat back!

Oh, the voice of an angel.

Ohh.

Now you tell jokes, and...

Ohh.

You want to hear a joke?

Here's a joke.

How many milk bottles were left after the milk man delivered most of the bottles?

I mean, I don't know.

Depends if there's no gross.

Oh, come on, that's one thing Ghostboy's very racist.

Ohh.

This is the first time you're hearing it.

He was...

He was a boy in the early, you know, 20th century.

Yeah, he was very racist.

Alright, Snagglepuss, here we go.

Oh, oh, oh.

Hi.

I'm Snagglepuss, but I'm not a pussy.

A cunt even.

Hey, my name's not Steven.

It's Snagglepuss.

Yes, I got the loss.

I mean the loose asshole for your pussy.

That's right.

Snagglepuss, I'm Snagglepuss, loose pussy.

I love that pussy.

I'm a pussy fiend.

Alright guy who says he's Shaggy.

Sorry, I apologize even.

I didn't, your name is Snagglepuss.

I'm Shaggy.

Fuck you.

Alright.

Eat some sandwiches, dude.

Hey, come on Scoop.

If it weren't for those kids, we would have solved a crime instead of dying.

Shaggy.

Alright, Christopher Hitchens.

Okay.

I inherently do not support the rhyming meter of the rap.

Alright, alright.

Kane Sherman.

I'm Hitchens, I'm here and I'm just hitting that now.

I'm frowning and angry and I have a thoroughed brow.

I came Sherman.

Hey, it's Kane Sherman.

And now I'm a fraud.

And earlier today I was raped.

And now I have pink sock from my cock.

That was bigger than my body.

What am I gonna say to my mommy?

Mom, I turned into a frog and then a man raped him a little frog but I don't know how do I explain it to my daughter?

I gotta drink some water.

Alright, James Gandolfini.

Hey, what's gonna fucking deal with the red vines?

How come people always like freaking out about red vines?

I go to craft service, they got red vines.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Why you rat it?

You know, how could I get some fucking Hanukkah candles?

Two to shove in my fucking mouth.

I shoved down my throat.

Red vines taste like wax.

They're wax.

You like red vines.

You don't know food, alright?

Good wrapping.

Yeah.

Good wrapping.

Alright, Jim Jones.

Felt a word you piece of shit.

Baby's drink Kool-Aid.

Here it is.

It's cooler than your bays.

Come on then, please.

Come on, my face.

You're not gonna be around long.

Life isn't a raid.

David Krasch.

Hey man, I'm fucking Krasch, bro.

I burned down your shit in El Paso or whatever.

Yeah.

Ralph McAvaney, Ralph McAvaney.

Ma'am, I appreciate the fact that you think I'm gonna crack up, but all I wanna do is crack up because boy is my oil burning.

Christopher Walken.

Hey, I'm Chris Tovallocken, and I'm here to say I've been walking been walking in the walk in closet out there. Look at that some 3B suits. You got some nice ones there. Let's get zoot suits together and get a tailored. I like to cook sandwiches. I'm Mr. O'Connor.

Alright Billy Crystal.

Oh yeah, you want some huh?

Alright, here it goes.

You look marvelous, darling.

You look, you look, you look marvelous, darling.

You look marvelous, darling.

You, you look, you look marvelous, darling.

You look marvelous, darling.

Grace Jones.

You look, you look, you look marvelous, darling.

Hey. My name is Billy Crystal Crystal.

The King of Comedy is here. Oh yeah.

I host the Academy Awards. The Oscars.

All of you a bunch of schlockers. I mean schlobos.

I mean, blubos. Yeah, you're fat. Not like me.

I went and got liposuction, see and got the fat.

Replacing my cheeks. I'm not weak, I speak.

Straight from my heart and from my very funny brain.

I'm not insane. I look marvelous, darling.

I look marvelous, darling. He looks marvelous, darling.

I look marvelous, darling. Alright, Robert De Niro in personator.

Hey. You talking to me? Hey, you talking to me?

Hey, you talking to me? Meet the parents.

You talking to me? Alright.

You talking to the class? Wait, I don't say so.

Go on, go on, go on, go on.

You're the parents. It's me, David Kray.

Oh yeah, I know who the fuck that was before.

I'm sorry. Who are you? I'm sorry.

Get the fuck the hell out of here.

Alright, Santa Claus, Santa Claus.

I'm trying to clap.

I'm set up here to say Christmas.

Is it my favorite time to play?

Halloween is my best bet.

I like to dress like Freddy. You get it?

Sometimes I dress like Jason too.

A bloody Mary. She calls three times too.

Hey, just wanted to say, Fuck Christmas. Halloween's in the same.

Alright, Frank, Alliano.

Y'all, you know, I'm letting you have a bull.

I'm doing it with a legal thing.

I'm letting you have a little requirement.

Quarterback right there, quarterback goes with a bull bull.

I'm letting you have a real touchdown, real bull bull.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

Oh, he's having a heart attack.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Fuck too fast.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

He fits right in here with Suicide House.

Whoa.

Suicide by eating.

Whoa, whoa.

Being murdered by a heart attack.

Whoa.

I like Mabel is dying.

Jim Belushi, here we go.

Well, sweet hoes.

Caro.

Alright, Chris Rock.

It's on.

Yeah.

Some people are back.

Some people are white.

See you in Jack City?

Let's go crack all night.

Alright, alright.

I'm a comedian.

I'm the best person in my generation.

And lastly, Stephen Hawking.

I'm retarded.

Alright, got it on.

I was retarded enough.

I don't think that was Stephen Hawking.

I don't know who that was.

Oh, I don't.

It was too long.

Oh my gosh, that was wonderful.

That's the ages.

That's 20, 20 freestyle raps.

We broke the record.

Yeah.

Prox the record of 19.

Yes, the spirits have been sated.

Oh, right now.

Oh.

What kind of...

The record.

There's only one last thing to do before I commit suicide.

And that is of course a little something we call plugs.

Oh yes.

That was the time.

Oh, there's the time.

Time for...

Plause.

Time for...

Plause.

Time for...

Plause.

Alright, that comes to us.

Plugs from monks from S.

Vowilin.

I know I'm not saying that correctly, but it's V-O-E-L-I-N.

Thank you so much.

If you have a plugs theme, head over to earwolf.com under the Comedy Bang Bang message boards.

Leave it in the appropriate thread.

And guys, what are we plugging this week?

Well, I mean, so many people.

Yes.

I don't think we can get to all of you.

I asked James Kendall-Fini, David Koresh.

Uh...

Billy Crystal.

Snagglepuss.

Yes.

And they don't have anything to plug.

They're all gonna opt out.

Oh, okay, great.

So, Stu...

I have something to plug though.

Alright, thank you.

Mess more, yes.

Go on.

On NBC.

9pm.

On Tuesdays.

A spooky show?

A very spooky show.

I mean, it concerns a dead wife.

A dead wife.

It does at times.

And she haunts him.

Confront...

Um...

She...

Uh, yeah, she's- Watch the show.

I have watched the show.

She haunts him.

He's watched the show.

I mean, maybe it's a fiction.

She...

Well, she appears to him.

Sure, she's haunting him.

That will be...

That will remain to be seen.

Mr. Aking Man.

Alright, alright.

Watch go on and listen to Galmania.

Oh, Galmania is a podcast.

Also on Earwolf.

That's terrifying.

I don't think anyone should listen to that.

Both confront the insanity of life.

Yes.

Alright.

And death.

Uh, Beaufort.

What do you have to plug?

Yes!

I want to plug my website.

JohnDailyIsJohnDaily.com.

Wait, I thought it was spookyguys.com.

Oh, yes, but spookyguys.com is pretty cool, too.

That suicide track on TV is even better.

But even better is J-O-N-D-A-L-Y is J-O-H and D-A-L-Y.com.

It's a suicide-y kind of thing where...

You're trying to make a famous celebrity commit suicide.

No, no, I would never do that.

But go to that and also check out my podcast, The Raffle Cast coming back in two weeks.

Yes.

And as for you, Kane Sherman, do you want to take some plugs here?

Yeah, sure of it.

Yes.

I'd like to plug a very funny sketch group called the Kiss from Daddy.

What?

That performs it the UCB Theater.

And when you were a human being, you used to see them.

Well, now I'll creep in three.

Hey, so it's a pretty good deal for me.

OK, right?

Did we ever get...

You could also catch one of the guys in that group, Alan McCloud, on an upcoming episode of the League.

Mmm, look out for that.

OK.

And we...

Suicide House is going to be a murder house.

Oh, yeah.

There's officially gained murder status.

Yay!

If they...

If they're everyone in the historical committee buys the fact that I was...

You stopped being Sherman.

Yeah, now...

Well, you do talk.

I did a lot of talking frogs.

So, if there were a talking frog that came up to me, I would pretty much say I'll believe anything he says, because I never seen a talking frog.

That's my reasoning.

Don't worry, hang loose even.

All right, Snack-O-Puss, you don't get any plugs.

Sorry, I got what I should have said.

What I should have said was, don't worry, be happy even.

OK.

I'd like to plug seven psychopaths.

All right.

I won't make fun of any of your plugs, frog.

I mean, I won't rib it at all, boy.

All right, and Maximilian.

Yes, I shall be appearing in a piece of environmental theatre.

What is that?

It is...

Where the audience is participating in the play with the actors, and it takes place here in suicide house for the next six weeks to six months, ending on popularity.

It's in the theatre of...

It's called...

It is named Slumber with some difficulty after this moment.

Oh my gosh.

There are masks available.

Boo.

People can come to 1-1-2-2 Boogie Woogie Avenue at any point.

Two theatre of blogs.

It is not available on Google Maps, but old Thomas Guides.

Good guy to hear.

Oh, daddy, you're the best.

I think you're the best.

I mean, it's more my child.

I don't have a lot to plug.

I just want to plug.

Hey, go pick up a comedy.

Fang, Fang T-shirt.

It's a Justin Time for Christmas, and pretty soon we're going to be voting on your favorite episodes of the year, so get that in your head.

Boo.

Yeah, boo.

Maybe this'll be in the top 10.

It will be the most...

It'll be the best number.

Yes, number two.

If you ask me, it'll be in the bottom.

Hoohah.

No one asked you to ask me.

I agree.

Please, Mr. Gound is guarding.

I don't.

I disagree.

Guys, that's it.

I'm close to the old playback before these plugs get out.

I'm nerd, and I like it.

My bag.

I'm holding up the button.

I'm closing up the plug bag.

I'm holding up the plug bag just so they don't get out.

Mingle.

And guys, that's our show.

And hey, I'm going to commit suicide.

Hey, Benny, good scott.

Hey.

All right.

I'm very proud of you.

How should I do it?

Michael's something like this.

Boom.

Hey, boo.

Gah.

Hell, I endo.

Yeah.

I can't have a fat-related heart attack like you.

I endo.

Now just take this gun and blow your brains.

Oh, thank you.

Oh, very much.

All right, well, guys, that's it.

That's been our show, and here goes.

Boom.

Here goes.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Dog.

Come.

Ooh, ooh, ooh.

Eeek.

Woooooow.

The Wolf Dead.
