Elephants, donkeys, what is going on with this election?

Well, we will find out when our very special election episode we have Aziz Ansari from Parks and Rec.

Stand up extraordinaire, plus some very special guests.

It's our first of two episodes this week. All of that and more on today's...

♪♪♪ Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.

Fool me three times, I'm probably pregnant.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thanks so much for that catch phrase submission.

Property! Property sent us that one. Thanks so much property. Oh, I get it property.

Oh, I understand. That's like when it took me approximately 15 years to figure out that Perry Farrell from Jane's Addiction is a play on peripheral .

Whoa, I'd never heard that before.

Yeah, neither did I. And then all of a sudden one day I was like, oh, peripheral.

And then you look it up and yeah, that's how we got a stage name.

Whoa. Property only took me roughly 60 seconds.

Not as clever as Perry Farrell. Welcome to his show.

This is a very, very special show because it is Election Week.

And who's right, who's wrong, who's in, who's out.

We're all going to find out this week. This is very exciting.

And my very special guest, I could think of no other person to really celebrate this week.

With other than our guest today, he, you know him from Parks and Recreation, of course, where he plays Tom Haverford. And also as a very successful stand-up comedian with the magically delicious tour, is that... No, it's a buried alive tour.

A buried alive tour? Daring to be delicious has been retired.

Oh, damn. That guy put out as a special as done.

Yeah. So let me say your name though.

Herman Cain. Herman Cain is here.

The season's already is here, of course. Welcome Aziz.

Back to the show. Third time guest.

Yeah. Very exciting.

Yeah, wait. Is it third time, second time? No?

Third time actually. Oh, really? What was the first time?

The first time was our third show, I believe. And then you did one maybe...

I remember the one I did with like Brendan as well.

Yeah, that was the second time you were on.

Where was the first time? First time was either our second show or our third show.

It was with Kevin Neeland, I believe. Oh, I remember.

Yes, it was back in K-Rock.

Yeah, well, yeah. Andy 103.

Yeah, same thing. Yeah, same exact.

Andy 103, whatever. Welcome back to the show.

Thank you so much for going. Thanks for having me again.

It's been a couple years since you've been here and anything been going on?

Anything big going on? No, just been doing stand up, doing parks, working with Herman Cain. Great.

Election week is tough for him. It really is because he's ...

As far as I know, he's not in it at all. No, he really thought he was going to be in the mix.

But he's just trying to keep the close ones close.

Sure. There's always four years from now.

Yeah. We've got a huge mailing list.

How about that? Several hundred people.

Wow. We're really excited to get things going for the next election.

Wow. The next election, do you mean the president or do you mean something else?

SAG-AFTRA. Herman Cain, yeah, boy, I've almost forgotten about him.

Well, we shouldn't though. He's a pretty interesting character.

I don't know where... That's the thing. I don't know where people stand on this election.

I've tried not to not let my feelings bleed through on this program because I don't think it's the place. But I do want to hype that coming up in the next segment, we have my old political singing group on the show. This is a group that I started out with. Listen to the next segment. You'll be here for that, Aziz. I just can't wait to see a reaction to how we skewer pop in politics. Sounds like it's going to be pretty interesting.

It just might. Tell me about Parks and Recreation. We're here, not in the middle of the season, but in the early part of the season. You've had about six, I think, air at this point.

Yeah. I think six episodes are so over air. So explain your character for people who haven't been watching. I can't imagine a single person in the world who isn't watching it.

I can. You can, really. What does that person look like?

Someone with a Nielsen box. No, no, no. I'm kidding. No, a lot of people watch the show.

It's really fun. Big hit for NBC. I will say that.

Yeah. You're back for the entire season. Just for a faith on their part.

You're excited to be back. Yeah. We got Amy on the show six weeks or so ago.

The funniest person in the world, a present company excluded.

She's the best. Oh my god. To get to work with her and everyone else on that show, you really can't take it for granted. It's a great cast.

It's a great cast. Really a plum gig for me.

Let's go through it. You have Nick Offerman friend of the show.

Amy Poehler friend of the show. You have Retta. Not a friend of the show. Would love to have her on the show. Never matter. Aubrey Plaza, personal friend, not friend of the show.

Who else do we have? Adam Scott's been on the show, right?

He's a legacy. He's an acquaintance of the show.

Yeah, exactly. He's a guy who's on the show. Jim O'Hare.

Jim O'Hare never met him as well, but very funny guy.

On the show. Yes, he's so funny. God, he's so funny.

Yeah. Who else? You got Chris Pratt. Chris Pratt, Rob Lowe.

This cast, you have Rashida. Rashida Jones. This cast is the best cast on television.

Present day, present day. Barney Miller.

It's a good group. Yeah. And then on the ride, you see you have some friends of the show on the riding staff, Harris Whittles. Twittles. Twittles. Well, you buddies with Alan Yang?

Yeah. Love Alan. Yeah. So how's his foot doing? Alan, he's healed.

He's healed. Okay, so it's mine. Good. I had ankylovercy happen over the summer. Mine's healed.

I got the clean bill of health from the doctor. So and Alan and I both broke our foot at the same time. How did you break your foot? I was running on stage during our tour.

Second show in the tour. Oh, I saw you. You told me that.

Yeah, it sucks.

I saw a friend who had like a boot on his foot and I thought he like broke his foot or something.

And I asked a friend, I was like, oh, what happened to, you know, so and so is foot.

So he like, break his foot. And they're like, oh, no, he has the gout. And like, if he eats a lot of rich foods, his foot just swells up. Oh, my God. Our two character. It made me scared.

How does a boot help with that? Or is it just to help you with a lot of things?

I don't understand it at all. I think it's just to cover it up.

I didn't think gout was a real thing that people still got.

I thought that was like, you know, old kings ate turkey legs all the time and got it and drank meat or whatever.

And drank. Oh, I thought he said drank meat. I was like, really? He's eating turkey legs and drinking meat. No, me. What is meat? That's like a wine or something.

I think it's an alcoholic beverage that's very sweet. That 's really all I know.

I didn't think people really got gout anymore. I know. You got me scared. I think I'm.

Maybe it was related to the mead. That's so.

Once people stopped drinking that. That's so crazy. Like it 's a little just swell up.

If you have gout out there though, our sympathies are with you, of course.

Aziz, I think you should do some sort of a fundraiser for it.

Gout fundraiser. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Done. That's my new cause.

Do you have any kind of a cause at all?

I did a fundraiser at Largo for this. There's this anti-gay bullying group. There's a rolling stone article a few months ago. I don't know if you read it. It was like, brutal, brutal link to talk about this. No. Hey, let's get real.

It was about, you know, some gay kids that were getting bullied. I think it was in Michigan or me. I can't remember the state, but it was a horrible. I can't remember. But yeah, it was really bad. It was a really depressing article . So I was like, oh my God, is there anything I could do? And I emailed the writer that wrote it. And I was like, is there anything like charity thing we could do something for? And she turned me on to this group called Justin's, Justin's Gift. And so we did a charity show for them.

What does Justin's Gift do? It's, it just kind of creates like a, like a support group for all the gay kids in that school and stuff and just kind of gives them a place to go and, you know, not can't believe that kids all the time. So it's like a panic room?

It's a panic room. Many times they get bullied. They're going to hit a panic room in this high school. Great. And there's like a bunch of tough gay guys there that protest them.

Just banging on the steel doors. Yeah. Great. Well, that's great. And then, yeah, where I work with the groups like Oxfam and, you know, they work with a lot of, on my tour and stuff, they'll set up and stuff and stuff with them and.

That's great. So are you, are you touring right now? You're in the middle of, you said the witch tours? Is this a buried alive tour?

Buried alive. What does that mean? Buried alive. You know, when I was designing the poster for the show, I wanted to make it look like these old time and magician posters. Oh, yeah. Like the Zardoff, the Magnificent. Yeah. And there's this one, this guy, Thurston had a poster that was really cool. And I was like, Oh, maybe I can kind of use that as a point of reference.

When you say Thurston, what does that mean? That's the name of the magician. Oh, okay. I spoke to him. And so I was like, Oh, use that as a point of reference. And then when I was trying to come up with a name for the show, I thought buried alive was like a thing that a magician would call his show that also kind of fit thematically with what I was talking about on the show, just about kind of getting older and settling down and getting married and having kids and how, in a way, if you're someone like me who's still single and seeing other people who's almost like watching people get buried alive in its sense.

So that's interesting. So your tour is sort of you're now talking about more just things relevant to your current age.

Yeah, this is the first year I've done kind of where it's been this kind of personal stuff. But I really just talk about, you know, kind of fear of adulthood and kind of fear transitioning into being a proper adult as opposed to kind of the goofball I am now. So what and you're out there touring right now and how extensive are you going out there ? You're in the sort of middle of it or?

Well, you know, I was touring a bunch when we had a break from Parks and Rec from like March to around August and then we've been fooling Parks and Rec. So I've gone out a few times. I did some shows in LA. Did Australia, I'm going to go to do New York this weekend. Cool. Where in New York?

I'm going to do Apollo and. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Have you ever done the Apollo? No, I'm really tired. I was proud that Sandman. Yeah, I hope he doesn't come out. Oh man, he you know, he's had every show. He is. Yeah. That's good. Oh my God. You better up your game. Yeah. So Apollo and then Carnegie. Wow, great. And I did Carnegie last tour.

That was really fun. It's just so crazy.

It's like that was like the show like to like come out there after starting stand up in New York and like performing for like four people in a bar or something to come do Carnegie Hall. It's like one of the few moments where you actually feel like, Oh, I 've done something. Is there any kind of equivalent like that anywhere else in the world doing Carnegie Hall? I don't know. You know what I mean? Like Staples Center. In LA, I don't know if there's quite a there's that thing like that. I don't know. Sydney Opera House in Australia. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I did that in in in October. Oh, great. How'd that go? It was it was really fun . Awesome.

Do they celebrate Halloween down there? I was there in early October. So I don't know. I think they do. They sell a relevant question. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't have one. I don't have the first half knowledge. Is that an American holiday or is that a worldwide? Do we know? I don't know.

They celebrate Halloween and is there someone like will I love Halloween? Is there someone like a Wikipedia Halloween? I don't think so. I don't know. We don't have that kind of staff here.

Do you think in the future like Wikipedia just be in your mind? You can be a bit. No, they don't.

Oh, man, that would be great. Would that be good or bad?

Because now like, you know, before if you had a discussion like that, like like, like a argument you'd have in a bar or something about something trivial, it's like, Oh, no, I'm right. Or you're right. Yeah, you can figure it out immediately, whereas you used to have to go to the library. Yeah. And then now, is it going to be like in the future? Is it just going to be like, no, they don't. Yeah, I wonder.

I do even ask the question. Do you does your brain like even like, would you even have the time to ask like, do they sell it? Would would your mind just would it just immediately know you're going to think that? So like before you even ask it. Yeah.

So like a lot of conversations will be like, do you ever think? No, all in there. Do you just have Wikipedia in your head? And you don't even have to look things you just know everything. What time we just don't talk about anything?

Yeah, you just said they're staring each other nodding, accepting that you know everything.

I hope we get there soon, man, because I can't stand talking to people. Do you like talking to people? Sometimes. Oh, God, it's the worst. I've quiet a lot of times. Yeah. It's terrible for a person in my position to not like talking to anyone. Like this is bad. This is torture for me.

This is kind of what you signed up for is to talk to people . I guess you're gonna do a podcast where I'm really quiet. So it's like, all right, now we're here with the Z's podcast.

Hey, man. You see me eating potato chips every now and then . Hey, can I get one of those potato chips?

I need to take a nap. Oh, man. Great podcast. Well, cool.

Why don't we take a break here as even when we come back. We're going to have that aforementioned singing group here. Oh, I'm excited. I want your true opinion of how we do because I'm really excited. This is an election season. We're getting, you know, we're reuniting. I mean, you know, we're not playing Carnegie Hall necessarily, you know, but not yet. I hope to maybe, you know, next week after your shows are done.

You know, I know the election will be over, but yeah, you know, or the Apollo will get you guys there. Yeah. Oh, yeah. No, I'm afraid. I'll call that Sand man. I'll call what's his name?

Steve Harvey. He's the host. Oh, yeah. Call up Steve Harvey . He has a lot of poll there. He used to host the show time with the Apollo. Yeah, exactly. He does.

Yeah. I think you need to get Mr. Z's.

I'm sorry on that stage again. That's not, that's not strange. Not as much racist as this is generally strange. Strange Steve Harvey impression. All right, we'll come right back. We'll have more with the Z's. I'm sorry. This is comedy bang. We'll be right. Comedy bang bang bang. We're back here with a Z's and sorry. And this I'm so I'm just so thrilled right now because reunions. Look, we all have them for high school unless you didn't graduate high school. So we all get those every 10 years, but once in a lifetime, something like this happens where you get the old gang back together, people you haven't seen in a long time, and you just kind of get back together and do what you did back when you were kids. And I'm just right where you left off. It's like not a day path. Not a day path. I was going to say that. Oh my god.

That's the finishing each other's um, words. Yeah, we're notions. Yeah, yeah. We're finishing each other was words. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And this is the singing group that God, what year did we start out? We're just kids. It would have been like 96 or so 96 I think. Yeah, back during when Clinton was being elected for the second time.

Remember tricky tricky bill. And yeah, we started out when we were just kids and let me introduce all the fellows first of all collectively and then individually. This is the Washington Monugents political parodists and yeah, and songsters and songsters right welcome guys.

Welcome. Hello. Hi you. And let's introduce you all individually. Of course, to my right, we have Mike Hanford. Yes. Hello. Mimi Mimi. And to my left , we have Neil Campbell. I hope you're having a wonderful day as you listen to this. And a lot of people don't know this is how we met, but Bob Odenkirk. Hello, you, you, you, you, you. I saw a riff on what Mike did. We do.

As well as I did. Did you hear him say, Mimi Mimi? I guess it would have been better if it had come directly after Mike, but we can't. Well, you can do that in editing, right? Oh, yeah.

Point is it was a comedy parody. Good. Good. But I did. So yeah, a lot of people, Bob, don't know that that's how we met. And that's how well, this is where I didn't know I liked show business or could do it at all. I was a professor at Duncan community college. Right.

And Duxton community college. And you were just awaiting your tenure, as I recall, as the driving instructor. Yeah. Does he ever get it? I did . I got tenure. I still teach driving ed. So, but I was waiting for that. I teach theory of driving. Oh, okay. Not actually how to do it. You know what? That's beginners do that and it's great and I wish them all luck and I did that. I did my time. I served my time. Now I teach theory of driving and I've started a syllabus course called the future of possible driving. Mm.

Wetter. Some of your. Well, it's only on the syllabus for now and hopefully at some point, it'll transfers into an actual class. Right. I'd love to take that class. You can't. You can sign up for it and you can pay for it and put it in your schedule, but there's no class. Yeah. It's just what's called a syllabus course. You just pass out a syll abus and go, this is what you would learn.

We're working on the syllabus for it and it appears in the book. Anyhow, the point is I want to get to, I don't want to waste time here. I feel like there's still, we haven't covered enough on your driving course and before we get to the menu, yeah, the future of driving a survey course. It's a survey course. Oh, okay. That makes more sense. Well, we're writing surveys and taking surveys. Yeah, yeah, and sort of passing them back and forth. So I'm still doing that. So that's what I was doing at the time.

I heard about this great group that you were forming from the pamphlet you put out the thing.

It costs a lot of money to print those. I don't know why I didn't just advertise in like the paintings. And I called your number and I said, hey, I can 't sing, but I want to sing. And before you even said, I want to sing, I said, you're in. He said, I can't sing. I said, let me finish. Let me finish. I can't sing. No, you're in. I said, look, I'm not done. I know you said it's a politically oriented group. I don't know anything about politics. You said you're in, you're in, just stop.

Let me finish. And you said, must have nights and weekends available. I said, I'm very busy on the third. I don't care. You're getting here. And we were fast friends after that. I forced in.

Yeah, it was great. And you stuck to all those principles, which I really I never appeared in a show on any recording. That's right, because you're just way too busy.

As a founding member of the group, I feel very invested in all the work you guys did.

Yeah, we had a great ride. It really used to be. The Mon ument. The Washington Monument.

For people who don't know, and not everyone does, that's a take off on the word monuments.

Oh, because if you go to Washington, Mike, wait, I had not, no, I didn't think of that. I thought I was just were monumental gentlemen. And I said, yeah, that makes sense to me.

Zeeze, what do you think about all this? What it's exciting , isn't it?

Oh, I'm really excited to see here some of the jams.

Yeah. Well, that's the thing is, is we had some great songs . I don't remember any of those songs we used to do. Do you remember any of the ones from back in 96 with, I'm just Bill.

Yeah. Is that one? Yeah, that was one. Not a bill. I'm just Bill. Bill Clinton.

Yeah. And instead of beat it, it was Clinton it. Yeah. It was great.

That was pretty good. And who was running against him again in 96?

Dole Kemp. Dole Kemp, right? Yes. Dole, of course. I gotta forget.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Taya Yellow ribbon round the dole.

Round the dole. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Do you guys remember any of our songs?

I remember from that particular campaign, I remember like a dole camp, like a virgin.

That was not our best one. No, because nothing rhymed in it .

Right. But I don't know why we extended the song so long.

It was a 16 minute song.

So people could dance. Yeah. Most of our stuff you could not dance to.

And at the one time that we had a song where people could ...

We performed at dinner theater and people don't want to dance when they're eating.

No. No. It's unsafe, actually. Right.

But still, it was fun to have a dance song in there and it was fun to try to tap into that market.

Yeah. That was a lot of fun. We did it.

The parody of lump by the presidents of the United States of America.

How did that go again? Kemp. Right. Right.

So yeah, over the year, every four years we sort of get back together and this is our big reunion for we don't have a show booked or anything, but I just was like, hey, you know. Hey, listen, if you got a dinner theater out there and you want some real entertainment.

I know it'll be after the election next week, but I was saying to Zee.

One of the things I want to say about the Manu gents is the primary purpose of the group was to not offend. Right. Well, yeah. You'll figure that out, I think, from our songs, I believe.

But I just want to say, if people are listening right now and they're thinking, uh-oh, political parody is coming around the bend. Don't worry. I got to get away from this.

I'm going to- We're going to skewer things. Don't worry. If you're a piece of chicken or a- Yeah. You must be getting mighty nervous right now. You run a kabob joint. You have some competition.

All right. So why don't we do our first little medley here?

Let's shake it out. Let's shake it loose and just kind of do a number. I don't know. All right. As easy as I want your real opinion.

So, just- So what- what- what era did you write this sign?

This is during the- Oh yeah. This is now. This is current. Oh, this is a current one. Today's headlines.

Oh wow. This is a new new song. Okay. Okay. Okay. I think we got it. All right. Here we go.

Okay. Everybody hit the note? Okay. Here we go. And- I think you're- I said yours. Let me read from yours.

Put yours away. I can't- America, America, God shed his laughs on thee.

Little high. And crown thy news with melody from parody to parody.

Perfect. Perfect.

Ah ha. It's a fun good note. And you can dance. It's okay.

It's okay. Yeah. Unless you're eating.

You're gonna be thinking. Yeah. If you're eating, please do not dance. Right. Yeah.

Oh boy. If you're driving, try to sit still.

You gotta focus. And if you're driving, stop eating. Start texting.

In our democracy. It's up to you and me. We have the power right here in our hands.

Everyone from Maine to the Hawaiian Islands understands. We 're gonna choose who to pick.

On November 6th, step right into that voting booth. And reveal all the truth.

Shout it with your throat. Vote. I'm gonna vote in November . It's why our father's died.

Cried. I hope you all will remember to show us your you as a pride November.

November. November. November. November. November. November.

November.

November. November.

Oh. Oh boy. Guys, speaking of current events, we want to sing about something that happened in the news in Florida recently. Oh, here it comes. Are you ready for this guy?

These kids are all something something something bad is brewing.

Speaking of bad. Oh, here we go. Ready?

Your vote is mine. Got to know the truth. When you step right up in a voting booth.

Duh. But there's a problem in this great nation. Duh. It's starting with Duh. A tiny perforation. Duh.

We can change the world tomorrow like getting something with a mallet. Except for this tiny tear.

On several people's ballot. There's a Chad. A Chad. Hanging , hanging Chad. There's a Chad.

A Chad. Hanging, hanging Chad. There's a Chad. A Chad. A H anging, hanging Chad.

And the whole world has to answer right now. Just tell me once again what's a hanging Chad.

Oh, good boy. Very nice. Man, that must have been huge.

Oh, what do you mean? You know, people love it. And the great thing about doing parody songs with people eating is the food distracts them from the from what you're doing just enough so that that is a very rich source of humor. Wait, when you say that must have been huge, what do you mean?

I thought you guys did that back during that controversy, right? No, it's new. We wrote that.

We wrote that. Didn't you? Didn't you? Yeah, the one.

You just wrote that. I just came from the post office. I was mailing the lyrics to Catherine Harris. What? We just registered those.

Seems like you're mad Mr. Vote on the hanging Chad.

Controversies. I don't think you knew what we were saying.

No, no, because political observations never go out of style even if they're from 150 years ago. I mean, I could do a joke right now about George Washington's wooden tee. The wigs. T-pot dome. Okay.

T-pot dome. And it would just be as pointed and relevant. I mean, just because you, whatever. I don't know, but what do you mean to insult you guys? I don't know. It's cool. I mean, we're very insulted, but it's fine. Look, you know what? I meant no offense. I mean, we're very offended. But that's what we're all about.

I remembered the hanging Chad controversy. Then we succeeded because we're about no offense.

In the interest of clarity, I think it's important that I point out that you may not know this Aziz, but the Washington Monugents, they don't vote. We don 't vote. We don't vote. We don't vote.

We don't think it would be fair to our families, to our writing process, our audiences. We don't want to take a stand. Wow. And also, I mean, we are Canadians. So, well, I'm not. I'm not. That's right. Neil is. I'm just a felon. He's a felon. Right. Not just a felon. A felon who is not allowed to vote. Yeah, but we don 't. I don't think that it's right to really just pick one side of the other. Yeah, not for us. We can't . We can't do it and just keep it private.

Well, no, because what we do, it would seep out. At some point, it would leak who you voted for.

At some point, someone would ask who do you vote for? And I don't want to be put in that position.

Yeah. I mean, nobody, I don't vote. I don't know what I don 't know. I don't know how to do it.

I don't know where to do it. I, I erased that part of my memory. I don't even have a valid ID. So I'm not allowed to. Right. I've been serious. I have folks election day is Tuesday and we'd like to everyone to get out there. We all have the power to choose our next leader within this great democracy. Okay, like slow down. If you don't mind.

That's not what the money gents are about.

No, I know. We're about basically gently tickling people's ribs, not and selling ribs. That's a big side. The dinner theatres we play at a lot of times ribs are on the menu. Plus, if we don't play fairs, we sell them in our merch tent. That's right. We're not about choosing sides, not even nudging people one way.

Because you say, sure, no, I know, but I do think it's port for our citizens of this country. No, no, don't look, don't even use that word citizens. Okay, just you are looking. And I'm sorry that this is being recorded to get fired.

Okay, just shut the fuck up. Okay. You're not Hey, I'm sorry you have to see the guy who never comes to any performances. He has the power to do. I'm sorry. As easy as to be here to catch my angry spit in his face. You're not supposed to take a stand. Han ford, who do you think you are? Michael Moore. Moore Moore Moore. Michael Moore. Michael Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore Moore Michael Moore Moore Moore Moore How do you like Michael Moore Moore?

Oh, yeah. Good song guys. That's it. You just said his name ? Yeah. There's no jokes about. Yeah, speaking of people in the news, someone else we know has been up to a lot lately. Who?

Instead of telling, why don't you sing it to people? All right. This is a fun one. Here we go. Ready?

Aziz. Hold on to your socks. Ready? Here we go. Sarah.

Sarah Palin. Sarah. Sarah Palin.

That's a whole, no, I like how we end that. That was a whole, right away. That was it. You just, one, you just did the chorus and then you just said nothing but her name.

She feels like not a lot. She was on Fox News like, or they talked about her on Fox News the other day. Yeah, I mean, why say why not? You could because she's in the news. You don't avoid stuff. Someone how you say it. Yeah. But you didn't say anything about her. I was in a song.

Aziz, do you know the, we mocked her? Is that what your point is? Oh, yeah. We were too hot for you.

Yeah, I literally said nothing. So I guess there's no way anyone could take offense to it. We negative theoretically be a pro Sarah Palin song. Do you know the definition of parody? But I don't want to go on record saying that it's a pro Sarah Palin song. No. Look, do you know the song Slow Ride? Yeah. By Fogg it. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's what we were just singing. Only instead of singing Slow Ride, we were just we were discussing something from the pro or con Sarah Palin. It's up to you.

It's up to you. It's up to the list. And I think the observation we made was that her name because of how many syllables it has fits right in with Slow Ride.

I guess you can deny that. You may not like that. Yeah, I may not be a syllable comedian. I can't help her. Is the melody no working for you? And let's not forget a fog hat is a funny visual. That's true. I made out a fog. How do you we how do you do that? We are one of those people who just doesn't like music. I can't help you. Anyway, so thanks for it's great to have a test audience here, isn't it? It is really good. Anyway, the my man who didn't would like to take this opportunity to talk about our own thought process during this election. This is our last song is easy. So get ready. Get ready.

Here comes this is about our thought process. My show here we go. By the way, can you hit a higher note? Would you? I don't know if you and I are both getting lost in the middle of voices or I don't but it's been 18 years since I've used my voice as deep and grab your crotch.

Okay, here we go guys. Watch out Aziz. All right.

Start moving. Yeah. I'm undecided and I just can't hide it.

I don't know for whom to vote and I think I like it. I'm so excited. Oh boy, here we go. Here's uh who's one guy we could vote for, Bob? No.

You'd have to be somebody who's running. That's true. Well, you can do it right then.

Here I am.

Rock you like a hurricane.

Here I am. Rock you like a hurricane.

But mom, what about that other guy? Who? I seriously have no idea who these people are.

You know how think about it. Think about it in the news. Oh , I love seeing those.

You don't just have to vote for Barack. I like it like that . I like it like that. I like it like that.

I like it like that. I like it like that. I like it like that.

You were off on that one. I like it. It's myth. It's myth.

You're knitting more on it. I like it.

I like myth. I like myth. Ladies and gentlemen, we're watching the Monugettes.

We're the Washington Monugettes. We hope you've enjoyed. We have no gig scheduled, but please call us. We'll see you at the next election in five years.

Four years.

Four. They changed it to four. Oh, wow. I saw that. They.

I like myth like. Yeah, good stuff guys. You know what's good about those songs is that they stick with you. They really do. People are going to be singing those for at least until right after the election. Do you think we swung the election?

I think we might have. I hope that I don't want to. I hope we swung it back to the middle wherever it happened. I would love it if it's just a straight 50-50.

I get a break. The least.

And no joking. Everyone should vote even if you're, you know, even if you're not really officially voting like, do even if you don't have time and you just like write your vote on a piece of paper and you just shout it out through them and just flush it down the toilet in the middle of your living room. It counts.

You know, it counts. It means something that you did that. Don't do that. That's useless. Don't do it, Bob. Just said. Like even if you go into your garage and piss the name of your favorite candidate into the drain of the little drain in your garage. It counts. Really don't see what good that would do. Or into snow. If there's snow, you could piss into the snow and see the names. Yeah. That 's not the president. Puddle got elected.

I think it matters. I do. Aziz. And I don't, you and I disagree on this. That's okay. That's what America is about is people disagreeing. You know, you know, who's right? Who's wrong? We don't know.

Sound off. Yeah. Sound off. You know, I mean, make your voice happen. Doesn't have to be heard.

Just make it happen. Yeah. Just as loud as you can. A lot of people. If someone's around to hear it.

Great. And if they're not, you know, go dig a hole, bury your head in it, put leaves over the top and blank it and say the name of your favorite candidate into the dirt. Hopefully, you know, the right people hear it. It doesn't matter, by the way, if you do go to vote at the voting booth, you don't have to read everything. Just vote. It matters more that you vote. Just start knocking out. Just start poking. Yeah, just start poking every hole.

Yeah. You'd be the most patriotic person. That's my life philosophy. You know, in the planet. Yeah. Cool. Well, guys, thank you so much for coming by. I want to say something about some of the liberals and, you know, they're always using statistics and waving things in our faces. America is number one.

And if here's the thing, if let's say there's something that America is not number one in, like health care or something, then America becomes number one. And the people that are at a higher number, they become zero and negative one and negative two and negative three. Yeah.

So America's always number one, always in every way. And then anything that's better than us becomes negative. Right. Yeah. It's a good point. And it's not just the way that's how math works.

Wow. He just slammed his head down. He actually did sort of take a stand on that one about the liberals. Yeah. I think that kind of goes against the monogents philosophy. It's kind of clear where he stands.

Now he's storming towards the door and he's he's just patriotism is not against the most. He's got a stick like we're we're we're we're for patriotism. All right. Hey, where are you going, man? Come on. The Monugens.

Until I've had it. All right. Well, guys, let's take a break. Monugens, thank you so much for coming by. This is really. Me me me me. You're welcome. Oh boy. Great stuff. All right. We'll be right back with comedy bang bang. Comedy bang bang. We're back here with a season. Sorry boy.

Got a little gents. Yeah. Got a little hot there. Well, yeah, that was pretty intense. Yeah, it was.

Got a little too hot to be in the kitchen, in my opinion.

Yeah. I couldn't take the heat and I had to get out of the kitchen for a little while. That's a better way saying that. Yeah.

I couldn't take the heat. I had to get out of the kitchen for a little while, but it cooled off and I'm back in the kitchen. Oh, cool. Welcome back to the kitchen. Bob had to take off, but Neil and Mike, you're you're still here. It's great. Me me. Yes. We 're not going to do anymore singing. Okay.

And we have a very special guest. Is these, have you ever met this gentleman here? I don't believe we've ever crossed paths. This is crazy, but it's it is election week. And so we decided to have someone from one of the sides. I'm not going to say the other side, but he was a speech writer for both Nixon and Reagan. He's a syndicated columnist and you see him popping up on news programs all the time. Please welcome Pat Buchanan. Scott, it's great to be here on the Comedy Bang Bang podcast. Thanks for having me down here. My pleasure. Aziz Ansari, by the way, Mr Buchanan.

How are you, Pat? Aziz Mr Buchanan. Good to be here. It's good to be here. It's good to see you representing your people well. Okay. Do you mean young people? Comedians. What I mean, what I mean is that we face a generational divide in this country and I think it's obvious and I think that you're here and I'm here and I think I am to be commended for not flipping the table over and lunging at you right now. Oh, okay. Sure. I guess I didn't realize that was on the table, let alone being flipped over possibly two sides to every table. That's a great point. What's under that table?

Some gum under there. You know what I mean? That makes you hungry, Neil? Okay. So, Mr Buchanan, what are your feelings on this election? Tomorrow we're seeing a battle in the states, the battleground states, Pennsylvania, South Carolina. It's going to come right down the line between Mitt Romney representing white, decent, clean- cut Americans and Barack Obama.

Barack Obama. He's representing. Hold on. I'm going to stick with it. I've done the research.

I went back to the archives. That's how it's pronounced.

Obama. Barack Obama.

I think what he represents is a fundamental shift in American jurisprudence in the direction of hell, fire, damnation, and the extinction of the white chromosome.

That's pretty extreme. Yeah. And sometimes I like extreme things like sports, for instance.

I am also. Or flavors on my tortilla cheese. Funny we bring up extreme because they actually think there's three sides to every story. It's true. For you to characterize high altitude, surfing, and snowboarding events as extreme is a desec ration of the American sacred document at the Constitution. Thomas Jefferson was a known average sportsman.

There's nothing. Thomas Jefferson was known. American football?

Back then, of course, it was called it was called Donkey Ball. Of course.

And you would take you would take a lot more donkeys around . You would remove the genitals of a donkey or a beast of burden and you would kick it around until it began to smell.

How long would that take? There was a game that lasts for two weeks and people were exhausted.

They were tired. So and a lot of people don't know that.

Apparently, a donkey's privates do not begin to smell for two weeks. So that's good to know just even in modern times. That's the kind of home spun agricultural wisdom that's been lost with the influx of Mexicans and South Asians into this country. No offense intended in this very moment but further offense intended later.

Now I should point out that we at Comedy Bank don't necessarily agree with this. I mean, you don't know how we stand but as ease you probably don't agree with this kind of thing.

No, it seems it seems all wrong. Yeah. Well, it seems that to you but tell me what we're facing right now is a world where if Barack Obama is elected president for the first time, we're going to see was elected president the first time.

There was somebody there was somebody elected president named Barry Hussein Obama and that was not the person running now. He's been changed. He's been cloned. Really? So Barry Hussein Obama was elected four years ago now it's a guy named Barack Obama. It's Barack Obama. He's been replaced. He's running. He's running on behalf of known communists and Jews. This is like some moon over paradigm. Is this like he's literally moon over paradigm? I ghost wrote moon over paradigm while I was working in the Reiken White House. It was our deepest fears of what might happen in Chile or Argentina. Should the generals be removed from power? Great job on that. That job on what you're talking about today. I think where were you saying Neil? Well, I was just asking has he actually been replaced with a physical clone or is this more like he was brainwashed? Well, they 've we did not it's it's all done through micro programming programming. That's correct. It's done through through micro engineering like nanobots that have seeped into his brain state nanobots go bots and and Autobots. Oh, okay. All right.

Gosh, I don't know. Story holds. Have you ever seen? Have you ever seen a presidential candidate of questionable ethnicity where his body was invaded with a swarm of tiny robots reminiscent of a Pluto cartoon? I would say no, but you say we have a fearsome. It's not only am I saying it.

It's the thesis of my new book. What's your new book? It's 560 pages. Oh, but what's the title?

That's 560 pages. Oh, so the title is it's 560 pages. It's the book actually 560 pages. The book is called it's it's 560 pages by Pat Buchanan and the length of it, it's about it's about 470 Mexicans. Wait a minute. What does that mean? I'm sorry. I believe I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

I have stroke and heart disease in the family. I believe I 'm suffering a Pat Buchanan stroke.

You're having a Pat Buchanan stroke? Is there anything you want us to do? Just give me a tall glass of gaze. Gaze? I told glass of gaze. I'll be fine. He's saying gays or Mexicans or things he doesn't like when he's trying to say other words. Scott. Yes. Scott , if you could please just black your mouth.

I'd like to talk to you one of his. I don't think he means he wants me to take this magic marker and actually make black marks on my mouth. I think he wants me to shut my mouth. Are you all right?

God, we've never had anyone have a stroke in the middle of the show before. I'm fine. I've done it twice before. I've done it when I sat down with Chairman Mao. We sat down and I ordered the kung-pao chicken. It was the first time only Nixon could have ordered Chinese food. He was the first to do it. Oh, right. And you've never eaten any kind of ethnic food in your life other than that moment. I've eaten ethnic food, but only when I visit their countries. When they visit my country, I expect them to eat fried eggs and lesbians. Well, I don't think he means lesbians. You mean toast?

Yes. That's exactly what I'm saying. A nice buttered lesbian.

Oh, you mean toast? I like it. I would love that. Yeah, I don't know. I'm on board either way.

What is a, you know, you have a hard line stance on issues.

What about abortion? What can you tell about abortion? I think that abortion should not only be wrong, but any woman having an abortion should be artificially put inside of a mock uterus herself and forcibly aborted in a ritual in front of thousands of people. Like in a special when nature calls? I don't know the ref. I don't I don't he comes out of a refuse to watch Jim Carrey movies . Oh, I believe that's a pantomime. It's a white male deliberately taking on the trappings of a homosexual and I refuse to watch it. You're denying yourself a lot of pleasure in life, it seems. Cool.

Well, it's well, thank you so much for coming and giving us a little glimpse into the other side.

I appreciate it. Can you stick around here while we do our final feature? Sure. Sure. We're going to take some shots. We're going to do some predictions. We're going to go toe to toe with Rachel Maddow. I don't think so. But what we could do is we could play a little would you rather?

All right, Sam's play. Would you rather? We all know how this is played and I want you all in on this. People send me would you rather scenarios at our Twitter, which is at CBBWR, comedy bang, bang, would you rather I then read them out loud. I will then open the floor for questions. Feel free to ask me any question about either of the scenarios in order to help kind of narrow your choice. There's a lot more information to them than just what the is in the actual question. And then I will close the floor, we'll vote. I'll assign points and that's how it's done. All right, here we go. All right, so bezel ball. No, Beel's ball.

Sorry, Beel's ball asks, would you rather always have an erection, but it's so small no one can see it or have fur coats as the only clothing on your upper body forever. So would you rather have an erection, always have an erection, but it's so small no one can see it or have fur coats as the only upper or as the only clothing on your upper body forever. I'm opening the floor for questions.

What do we got guys? If you have the fur coats option, are you allowed to? The floor recognizes Neil. Thank you. Thank you, sir. If you choose the fur coats option, are you allowed to move to a cold climate where that would come in handy? Like Iceland, Iceland, Alaska, Antarctica, Antarctica, you know, you are forced to live in the house that you grew up in, wherever that happens to be. Oh, on the aquarium. Sand one drive? Well, all right. Should you wear this fur coat all this time? Thank you very much. Fellow man, you Jen.

Yeah, of course. Do you sweat? Do you still have the ability to sweat? You do, but you don't sweat actual sweat. You you sweat actually Coke Zero.

So do I do not prefer. That would be unfortunate for you. I can learn a change.

Buchanan, you have a question? I have a very important question here and I would appreciate you for seeding the floor to a superior mind. What I'd like what I'd like to what I'd like to ask and I'm not expecting an honest answer. I'm going to try to give you one. But if you always have an erection, but it's incredibly small in size, but you always have it, are you able to procreate as God intended us to to facilitate the reproduction of the white area and race?

No, you're not because you're you always have it meaning you never ejaculate. You cannot ejaculate, which would mean it would go down. So you're just always on the precipice. You're always just right there. You're always kind of in that you have that that tingly feeling like you're about to, but you never do. So what you're talking about is the slow destruction of white Christendom.

Of everyone. Well, I mean, everyone that you would have a baby with. So maybe 20 people in your life.

You'd always have a baby. You'd have 20 people. Maybe. I mean, how many people have you ever been with his ease? Haven't you almost had a baby with all of them? I haven't had any babies with anybody. But you've all I mean, you've like, I mean, I 've tried with every single one.

Didn't always work out. And then I moved on to the next one . Sure. That's how you on to the next one.

I've only had sexual relations with one woman, my wife. And before that, I only had some tin socks. If you have this erection all the time, it doesn't get you get used to it. Or is there like the physical soreness? You that you meaning like when you're you move all the get a little closer to me. Can we need to high five? So bad . You just a little bit clip move your chair if you can a little bit. I'm gonna turn away as I cut as as as as lot did from Sodom and Gomorrah because I don't want to see anybody become a pillar of salt.

Oh, so sorry. We already high five. It's done. Yeah. It's now a long time ago since it's happened.

You constantly have blue balls and you just have the feeling like it's you're almost there, but never happens. Oof. This tiny tiny erection thing doesn't sound very appealing. I don't.

Oh, by the way, you can peel your dick like a banana. I don 't know if you're making a joke about that. Yeah, I'm not seeing too many reasons to choose that over the. You peel it and you see just it's just filled with blood and just well, well, can you unpeel it back to its door?

You can't do that with a banana.

Buzzard's peeled. It's broken. You have to use super glue like you would if you did that to a banana.

You guys think that the fur coats on your upper body is better. You're sweating coats.

Delicious coats here. You have to live in the house you grew up in. It's cool. You can go to a cold climate. I don't know. What color is the coat? Yeah, it's kind of like an ugly diary of brown.

That's a bit. What animal is it? What fur is it? Ugly diary of brown. That's just brown, right?

I mean, that's brown. Yeah. It's the fur of your mother's vagina. Oh, God. She shaves it every day and you add it to the coat. So it's as soft as a mink? That 's wicked and impossible.

So, you know, it's kind of a tough choice. Mother should not be allowed to have vaginas.

You don't think so, really? After they have you, it should just close up for good. A woman's vagina should be removed after she's done with her lifelong duty of childbirth. I kind of agree with him on that one. I'm not on board with everything, but I agree with that. Any other questions about either scenario? I have a very important question about the fur coats. Yes, sir. Are they similar in make or texture to the fur coats worn by Gorbachev during the 1986 Reykjavik conference?

I had the same question. Oh, gosh. I mean, I haven't seen your mother's vagina, but I'm not talking about my mother's vagina. What I'm talking about is your fucking con face. Whoa. What? Well, wait a minute. Are you having a stroke now or was that what did you mean to say that? What I'm saying is I don't want to wear a coat . I want to America. I don't want America. America. Coat with a goddamn Mexican on top of a.

Oh, God. This I can please put your stroke away, sir. Please look, go back to your neighborhood and stay away from my part of the tracks.

Well, if you vote on this scenario, then everyone grows up in there. It has to live in the right of the road. I'm running third party on this scenario. I'm taking a third party where you're going to wear a third. You're going to wear a fur coat over a very large dick that's inside of a young woman. That's a third party candidacy. And I think the Americans should go for it.

That's the reform party option. I don't know how to give them answers on this. You can choose a third party and would you rather? It's I mean, not against the rules. They're not going to advertise it. You won't get corporate advertising on television, but it's an option. Any other questions about this? I mean, as he you can't have narrowed it down. Really ? Your mother's vagina coat? You'd rather have that at this point? That's definitely weird. It 's weird. I mean, the other one, it's just you constantly have an erection, but you live a normal life . But you're in normal, painful life.

I mean, the balls are painful, but you're in pain. Oh, wow.

In kind of, you know, it's feeling pretty good. It feels good to have an erection, right? But it's so tiny. No one can see it.

So you never fall in love. So what? Do you have to do the banana thing? Or is that just like, I think that you could do, but you could also choose to never really harping on this banana thing?

No, I feel like I answered it. Well, I brought my heart for the mind, you Jen, so might as well.

That's right. I do. I hope you audio files can hear that harp. I have a very important question for the banana facilities of the small penis. Yes, Mr Buchanan. If it's on the ground, if it's on a sidewalk, if your penis happens to be laid out on a sidewalk and somebody steps on it, will they slip and fall? Like in a comedy movie? No, like, nope, as like what happened to Lyndon Johnson in the in the White House in 1969, right before we took office. I hadn't heard that story.

Fascinating. Yes. If you unzip your Lyndon Johnson slipped and fell on his open cock.

I'm sorry. I don't mean zip. I mean, peel. If you if you un peel your penis, you just see the bloody the blood that just filled it and the veins underneath and it slips out like a banana that's been cut in half. It falls upon the ground and the peel falls upon the ground and people are prone to slipping and falling. Yes. Yes. Good question. That's a vicious attack on American masculinity.

All right, guys, I'm going to close the floor for questions . Here we go. Let's go head over to Aziz first. Aziz, how are you going to vote here? It's tough. It's really tough.

Coat. Coat of your moms. I hear pretend that's not really going to happen.

You think you'll compartmentalize it to the point where it just becomes like one of those things?

I think they have to say something like, hey, no, it's just like, I mean, coat is fine.

It's like murderers who they know they killed someone, but they they're able to put it in the back of their minds, even though they wake up every day. I think when I get there, they're going to be like, hey, it's just it's just a fur coat. It was messing around. No, that's not going to happen.

No, that is not. All right. So, one for the coat. All right . Let's go over to Mike. My caddy. I'm coat as well. Yes. Why? Coat all the way. It was that pea all the peeling talk of the I could never get my head around it. And I what I imagined it to be was not very pleasant.

You don't have to peel your penis. Okay. That's where I was confused. Neil, how do you like it?

Wow. Since you don't have to peel your penis, I'm going to go penis.

Okay. Well, you don't have to, but you're forced to gun point to. So, I mean, but you don't have to.

You could be summarily executed. I would then choose execution. Sorry. No, you voted already.

You you picked the penis. Yeah. I'm saying I picked the penis and then when it reaches the choice between execution and peeling, I would die. Really?

So you're going to effectively commit suicide and not go to heaven. I have been thinking of committing suicide for a while.

Anyway. Oh, okay. It's good to know. All right. Mr.

Buchanan, how do you like to vote? We have so far, we have two for for code of mothers vagina one for pe eling the penis. Well, I think what I what I think I want to point out first that my option, the third party option, which is a coat made of your father's pubic hair. It's worn exclusively around your legs. Well, you have a large penis that's constantly drilling a submissive and sad woman in perpetuity, sort of like a minotaur with an incredibly large erection. Yep. That's exact. That is the vision that Christ Jesus put on Earth for us. And I and I believe that that that option is on the ballot right next to the options you thought you were choosing. So you might accidentally vote for me in a hanging Chad Florida situation.

So you're voting for that third party situation for myself at a third party candidate and all of you else did too. All right. Well, let me tally up the votes and it looks like papu cannon thinking outside of the box. And that's really what this is all about. I think outside of the box because the box is for childbearing. I really think that and not to get on my soap box here, but since we're thinking outside of it, I may as well. But I personally, I think that's what this election is all about tomorrow. You know, I mean, if I could tell the kids anything, it's just, you know, get out there and think outside the bun. You know what I mean? Just really think outside the bun. What was that? I'm sponsored by Taco Bell. Oh, okay. So you have to say dong every time you hear someone happen to say the Taco Bell slogan. Very few people have ever tried it with me.

On crossfire on CNN or an MSNBC. It's rarely brought up. I imagine anyone would have ever anybody brings up. If the chihuahua slogan, if the chihuah ua is on the panel, that's another.

If you have to say it correctly, and then I have to go dong because it's a desecration of Mexican food. And so I'm in favor of it. All right. Well, Pat Buchanan, you are a winner. And that's how you play.

Would you rather? And congratulations, guys. That was a good game. That was competitive. Really competitive. If we hadn't pulled out that third party situation, we would have had a two against one situation. I'm the winner. And so I would like to announce that I will be rounding up my political enemies. If you're a registered, if you're a homosexual or a Jew, you'll be forced to register. It's time that we clean up America starting with dirty looking people. If you are a homosexual and a Jew, you have to fill out two different registration forms. Yes. One of them is pink.

Which one? Wait, what if what if you're pink? The singer? Do you have to fill out three forms? Pink will be forced to fill out forms until she passes out and dies from exhaustion. Oh, gosh.

All right. All right, guys, there's just the last thing to do here on the show. And that is, of course, called plugs.

All right, that is called I Gots to Plug by Brian and Dig.

I hope I'm pronouncing that right.

Thanks so much, Brian. For that plug theme, if you have a plug theme, head on over to earwolf.com, put it in the message boards under the comedy bang bang appropriate thread. And guys, what do we have to plug Aziz? What do you got? Of course, Parks and Rec every Thursday. Yeah, Parks and Rec.

What time is that on? I don't know. Probably eight, seven central. It's either eight, thirty or nine, thirty. I don't know. Okay. But around then , it'll be on Thursday night sometime.

Yeah. And a great season. We got Mike from Breaking Bad is on this year. Yes. And along with my wife, a weirder school op, she's. Cool op, Lysack Ock erman. Yeah, she's in that episode as well.

And you have some tour dates coming up as well. I'm doing New York this weekend. Carnegie and Apollo.

Anything after that planned? Not at the moment, but if you go on my website, you'll see if I had dates.

And that is Azizansorry.com right now. Did you change it from Aziz's board or? I don't know.

It's Aziz, Aziz's board.com. Right. Sorry. Although I think Azizansorry re-directs to it, doesn't it?

It's a really ineffective plugging situation. It's so much confusing information. There's nothing concrete here that I've plugged. It's like, there's stuff.

Look around. We're going to sign a winner, and I don't think it's going to be you. I'm not sure. Monu Jens, anything to plug?

Well, for the next week, we can happen to be sitting around waiting for proposals to go out and do a show. We'll play your proposal as well. Sure, Peter. If you have one.

So if you're looking at it. If you love some political parody right after you say, would you marry me? We'll also be doing a show in two days. That's right. What's that? What do you mean?

Well, we also have sketch groups that we're in. Oh, wait.

You guys are moonlighting? Yes.

Well, one might say, I might say that the Monu Jens is my moonlighting. Oh, okay. I didn't realize you took it so lightly. So you can come see half of the Mon u Jens in separate sketch groups. We don't interact. No, it's the birthday boys and a kiss from daddy the first Wednesday of every month.

At UC and Los Angeles. Oh, yes. All right. Pat Buchanan, what do you have to plug?

I have a book. It's 550 pages by Patrick J Buchanan. Did that title change?

I thought it was a different number of pages. It's 560 pages and it's 470 Mexicans long.

All right. And I also have heard a very interesting album that I make a brief appearance on is a sampling track. Love to hear about it. I'm a sampler track.

It's called low hanging fruit.

It's out on earwolf.com. Okay. And that's by some guy named James Adom. He's a vicious Armenian faggot and he deserves to be hanged. I agree with a lot of that. All right. So what do I have to plug?

All right, guys. Well, that's it. Thanks so much. Let's go.

Let's close up the old plug bag, by the way.

We've almost forgot to do that. Oh, my God. Closing up.

Yeah.

Brow. Yeah, that's the Ken Marino with the closing of the plug bag theme boy that almost almost got away from us. That is, of course, the the remix with Casey Wilson and Adam Pally as well.

So yeah, those plugs almost got away from us. But that's it guys. Thank you so much. This is and anything you want to say to rock the vote before we leave? No. Me, me, Melka. Anything you want to sing Aziz? I think the Monugens covered everything.

Okay. Do they want to hear that Mitt Romney song again? I like it like that. I like I'm undecided. That was my favorite. That's your favorite. I'm undecided. I just can't hide. There is room for a fifth Monugene. I don't know for whom to vote. Oh, yeah. Fifth Monugene. I like how the next verse you think it would be I'm undecided, but it goes into the real lyrics. I'm so excited to be undecided. We couldn't think of a good line for that once we just kept it. We couldn't figure out how to change it. Why couldn't that just be I'm undecided? I just can't hide it again. All right. We don't have cutting paste on our word processors. We only get so many.

We're first round. It's I'm undecided.

I just can't hide it second round. I'm so excited to be undecided. We only have 560 cutting pastes per year per calendar year. That's kind of I tell you by the time July rolls around, you're out of co-paced. They go they go quicker than you think. It kind of works because it's you know with the Monugene right when you think they're gonna zig they zag. That's true. Thank you for saying it. A lot of people think we're gonna zag and we ended actually zagging. Yeah, it's it's tough to sing along because you think oh well that's definitely the oh nope that's not the way they're going with it. Tough to sing along. That's our motto. I'm just gonna just gonna listen and listen to it. You used to be our motto. Let's do the singing. I believe that I was listening to the Monugene and I believe that the zigging and zagging is part of the same vicious corporate beast.

I'm listening. It's run by it's run by lesbians and Chinese and I believe and I believe that you're a part of it and what you really represent is one major party structure. Toasted and Chinese white people. On board. All right guys well thanks so much.

We'll see you next week. Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman. For more information visit earwolf.com.

The Wolf Dead.
