---
layout: page
title: 185. Chris Hardwick, Ike Barinholtz [14803⧸21069].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

our old friend and host of the Nerdist podcast Chris Hard wick is here to talk about his upcoming Comedy Central special plus we have it's a double Dib of comedians. We have comedian JT McDowell is here all of that and more all on today's days. If I had a dollar for every time I worked an hour I'd look for a new job.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you so much for that catchphrase submission Jason Pansuchus.

Very good. If I had a dollar for every time I worked an hour I'd look for a new job. If you have a catchphrase submission head on over to earwolf.com.

And welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang. If this is your first time listening to the podcast welcome to you.

A wonderful world awaits you. I wish I was you. I wish I was listening to me for the first time. Instead I have to listen to myself every day of my goddamn life.

It gets tiring. You get to take off a week after you listen to me for one hour. Except for this week because we have a very special second show this week been treating you to a couple shows a week over the past few weeks.

And we're deep in November. We had our election special earlier in the week and I don't want to really reveal the secrets of the show but we are taping this in advance of what happened with the election.

And hopefully we have a brand new president elect and president Barack Hussein Obamacare is out of here but we don't know. We don't know where we're at right now.

So it could be a wonderful future or it could be a dystopian hellhole of four more years. I'm dropping this part of the I've been saying this in almost every episode up to here. I'm dropping this character.

This is the last time I can do it really. But at least another few years. Yeah. Well, I don't want to say how hopefully for hopefully for.

But we have a very special second episode this week. And the reason why is this every once in a while.

Look, I got a lot of bros. Okay. And a bro calls me up and says, Hey man, can you do me a favor? I want to get in there. I want to do a quick hit.

I want to hit the circuit and I want to promote something that I have coming up and one of those bros is here with us right now. He has a comedy central hour.

I've been given one hour on Central hours. Whatever I want.

Pretty much your stand up though. Well, yeah. That was that what you wanted to do with it. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, fortunately that worked out that way.

Whatever you want to do in a theater with three camera shooting. That's very well planned out over material that's been honed over years.

You have to check with them. Then I have to check clear and clear and make sure that yeah that all goes. And then it's set that we had to design and everything that we had to plan in advance.

But other than that, totally off the top of my head. Spont aneous. Off the dome. Yep. And it airs this Saturday.

Saturday. That's what a fun word to say.

It's not 38 November the 10th at what time? I believe it's at 11 o'clock. 11 o'clock 10 Eastern. I would have or 10 Central rather. 10 Central. Yeah. Now, if you have direct TV, you're getting comedy central three hours earlier.

Probably at seven or probably at eight actually. Right.

Depending on where you are. This is true. So, but let us waste no more time before introducing him. You know him from the Nerdist podcast, Nerdist Industries.

And he's an old friend of the show and an old friend of mine and of comedy bang bang nay death ray for many years.

Chris Hardwick is here. Hey. Yay.

That's weird. Yeah, I really expected room full of people here. Yeah, no, they start doing anything. Like three or four hundred people in the studio. It is weird.

Yeah, if this is the first time listening to the show, we tape this in front of a live audience. I mean, a huge, huge audience. And that was the strangest reaction I've ever seen.

And now just continuing to stare. It's not like they don't like you either. They're not just mad. Yeah, they're just not, I don't know, present or something.

Yeah, it's like staring at something in a zoo that you can 't quite know the name of. Yeah, like a like a just staring into a void. Mm hmm.

Oh, wow. The abyss and it's staring back at them right now.

Just staring right back as Nietzsche once said, as he once cautioned America on his podcast. Yeah, the Nietzsche podcast.

Nietzsche pod. Hashtag Nietzsche pod. The uber cast. Chris, welcome to the show. Welcome back to the show. Yes. You've been here several times and you're one of America's great talents and America's Got Talent.

We all know that and you're one of them. Yep. And you have your own show. I do. I do. I have a podcast and a television things. Mm hmm. And the shoes on the other foot at this point.

It really is. It feels weird. Oh, doesn't it? Oh my God. We just sat across the table, not this table, but another table. Different one. Yeah.

There's many tables in the world. I don't think I need to establish that. I think these two. You just think there's two tables in the world.

I've used. But we sat across the table mere months ago, right before my show, the Bang Bang TV show came out and you were kind enough to interview me and we had a great time.

It's very exciting. I think it's very important when a podcast can become an ex- like a television show or like or crossover. That is important.

So I'm glad that you're able to do it. I'm not sure about that, but I think it is. It's important for what we do.

Maybe not for the average, you know, hardworking American.

I thought you meant globally. Globally. I was going to hardly disagree. I don't want to over us. It could be the most important thing right now is a podcast becoming a television show.

Well, your podcast is a television show as well. I mean, we both share that dubious honor. Yeah. Of being a podcast slash TV, bros. Cross platform.

That's right. How many platforms do you like to be on? At least five or six platforms. And then I like to cross them.

If I'm not on seven, I just feel this itch. Getting greedy.

Gotta get on another platform. I got the platform itch.

We gotta make a platform. The Phantom platform. Yeah, we have to make them now. I think a platform would just be like a bullhorn on the top of this building.

That is also a great platform. A good platform. Easier to achieve. I wouldn't mind that to be quite honest. I would not mind if my show were broadcast from a bullhorn out to Hollywood.

Just like a bullhorn, like a Hunger Games style. We have a bunch of work colonies and then bullhorns. This is playing into your dystopian society.

He has some more riff. I think that would be really... I think to be the premier podcast in a dystopian society would be really something special.

The one that everyone is forced to listen to. Right. Like, good morning Vietnam. Yeah. Exactly. Oh, those poor poor soldiers.

Isn't the war bad enough? I know. To force that upon them.

Oh my goodness. What a tragedy that movie is.

Oh, hello, this is Richard Nixon. I'm not a crook. I'm selling my balls. I actually don't think he said I'm not a crook by then.

But what have you predicted? That would have been really tipping the cards. Oh, by the way, I'm not a crook. I didn 't say that. Who said that?

Who's socket to me? Why did I start a podcast? Richard Nixon's podcast. Good morning, Vietnam was the first podcast.

Fireside chats, I would say, first podcast. Yeah, definitely. I would say the caveman drawing on a cave wall is the first podcast.

I would say people being born out of peepods in the revision of the body snatchers. That's right.

And by the way, the history of the universe is only 50 years old. According to you, we're all born out of peepods.

Well, 75, if you believe in Christ. Oh, that's right. Yeah, he had a good 25-year run. He had a good 25-year run.

A lot of people think he was crucified at 33. No. 25. 25.

Yeah, he really went before his time.

You are a religious man, Chris. Well, I just feel like we 're all God. Oh, really? Okay.

I feel like I'm the only one who exists. I'm a solipsist.

Oh, yes. And then everything is an extension of your own imagination.

My own psychosis. Yeah, I've created all of you. But I'm a solipsist too. So I don't know how we can both exist.

So in your war, I've created you in my image. So in your reality, why would you create another solipsist?

Like that feels like a... Because I like to laugh at you that you're wrong. That I'm wrong. Okay. So it feels like a paradox.

I created these 500 people who were just staring at us. No wonder they're just staring at us. I haven't activated them .

You're making them do nothing like the little boy who had infinite wishes in the Twilight Zone. That's right.

Good movie. Good movie. Right? Even better show. I would say. Good television. What? There was a television version of that?

I thought they... Chris, you are a nerd. And you... You like the Twilight Zone. We actually talked about the Twilight Zone a lot.

I think I may have... I wonder if the Twilight... I can't remember if I did the Twilight. I taped the special in February.

So I honestly can't remember which bits are in the special and which bits didn't make the special. A lot of quality control on your end.

Well, it's like... It literally was like seven months ago when we shot it.

Hey, take a look. Before it comes out. What do you say? I don't know. No, I did. I did. Just kidding off your back.

I honestly... It took me a while to go through the edit of the special because it was hard for me to watch it for the first month.

Because I just didn't know. I didn't want to watch it and then go, oh my god, this is terrible.

And then just have it sitting on my back forever. Like, oh, the comedy. But actually, I'm actually really happy with it . They did a really nice job.

But you don't remember any of them here. No, no, no. There 's something about video games.

What is it about the Twilight Zone though? You have a Twilight Zone bit. I do have a Twilight Zone bit.

I think it's that... What is the Twilight Zone bit? Oh, that another name for that show could have been a nice tri- asshole.

Because all it is is good people are... Well, some would fl og people. Well, flog people.

But every episode is someone trying to pull something over on the universe and then this fist of universal karma coming crashing down.

And so I think in the bit, I'd say Rod Serling could have ended every episode like Archibald Beachcraft Dream for a world free of people.

But in the end, it was that very freedom that knitted his blanket of loneliness. Nice tri-asshole. And then credits.

That was my old-time... World-class Rod Serling in first nation, by the way.

Actually, I kind of feel like that was Patton doing Rod Ser ling.

Yeah, that's a great bit. Spaghetti! Spaghetti! Spaghetti!

Spaghetti!

Wabble-y-bew!

Great bit. And if it's in there, enjoy it the second time.

If it's not, bonus bit. Bonus bit right here.

Bonus bit! Bonus episode! Bonus bit!

Yeah, we're doing it. With a bonus president. Let's have bonus president.

Oh, right. What if they both win? Yes!

Exactly! What if they both won?

That would be amazing. This isn't exactly a tie.

It's just dead heat. There's your sitcom, Scott.

And then they have to work together. Bonus president.

Actually, it's not a bad idea.

Right, it's right. It got real for a second.

Oh, right. Hold on. That's my board. I own that.

Oh, shit! I own that. Yours is too prez, but then of course in the way that Hollywood works, I will also have a competing dual president, a binary president.

It'll be slightly different where their twins are something .

Yeah, exactly. Can't copyright an idea.

No. Just the execution.

Just the... Yeah, one of them is... Not even that, really.

No, I guess not. I always wonder how that happens, where you see clusters of similar movies come out at the same time.

I think... Yeah, I know.

But what's interesting about it is I've been in that situation where I've like, written a spec script and delivered it to my agents and they go, oh yeah, there's something exactly like it.

You know, so it's just... There's another comedy bang bang movie.

Yeah, someone else. Someone else got it.

But I think it's... You know what a lot of it is, is like, because you get a lot of ideas from watching something or watching TV, I think a lot of people see the same TV show or they read the same article that makes them go, oh, what would happen?

And then also there's, you know, when you look at who your contemporaries are, a lot of us are inspired by the same things, just going back as far as...

The Bible. Exactly.

That's why there's so many...

The only book you'll ever need.

So, there's so many great Christ comedies out there.

Yeah.

Because we were all inspired by it.

Oh, Job.

A gentle poking of the ribs of Jesus would be okay for a comedy, don't you think?

Much better than the passion of...

Which was...

The passion of the Christ.

Not too gentle of the fucking...

Not sure how... If that's how it's pronounced.

The passion of the Christ.

Passione de los gristo.

Just the emphasis is on the weird word.

Passione.

Passione de los gristo.

Now, Chris, you and I have been friends for a long time.

See.

We did stand up together back in the day.

Yes.

You were far more accomplished at it as you have an hour now.

It only took 14 years.

How's it feel to sort of...

Are you putting that material in the rear view?

It's gone.

Yeah, it's... As soon as the special air is, it's pretty much done.

And that's been the interesting challenges that I've been so busy with work that I haven't...

You don't really go on the road during the summer anyway, because it's just not a good time to be out doing comedy.

I did it, but okay.

Okay.

Go ahead.

I toured in July and August.

Oh, okay.

So your premise is about...

It's what I meant was good months.

I'm sorry.

I'm at the opposite of that.

I'm really well sold at shows.

But continue.

The best months to perform.

Okay.

So...

But anyway, I... Yeah.

So now I'm at a point where I'm reconstructing...

Or I'm constructing a new hour.

Which is fun, because your first hour I feel like is just a collection of...

There's not really a through line.

It's just like, here's a bunch of sets that I've strung together and sort of massaged into...

Out of my 14 years of doing...

Out of my 14 years of doing stand-up.

And so now I get to say, you know, what do I really...

Like, what do I say?

Comatically what I want to say.

And what is it you want to say?

Can you give us a little peek?

No idea yet.

Oh boy.

I know it's not going to go well.

It's not going to go well.

But I'm going back on the road in December to figure all that out.

Where are you going to be playing?

I'll be playing Zaines in Nashville and then Zaines in Chicago and any place with a Zaines in front of us.

A Zaines chain.

Yep.

I like it.

And people can go out and see you and you're...

And they'll have a great time is what I would say.

I would hope so.

I mean, for a comedy show, that's the bare minimum of what you should be providing people.

Yeah, exactly.

I mean, you should be giving blow jobs as well.

Shh.

Well, alright, if you're going to commit me to that, I guess it's your show.

How many blow jobs will you get per ticket?

No less than... somewhere between zero and a thousand blow jobs.

So probably 999.

Wait, you leaned more on the thousand side.

I just love blow jobs.

Giving them?

I don't care.

They just want to be in the blow jobs.

I just want to be in the mix.

They just want to be in the blow job diagram somewhere.

Put me in coach.

It doesn't matter.

And what is the title of your show?

Do you have a title?

Mandroid.

What does that mean?

Well, I guess it's sort of... I mean, I didn't want to flat out say like, a lot of this material is very nerdy.

So I just, I thought Mandroid like a man robot theme was sort of fun.

Kind of a cyborg.

A little cyborg-y.

But more Android, more like data.

More like data.

So an Android in the shape and the form and the guise of a man.

Yeah.

So the set is sort of vaguely futurey.

And then I had a shiny silver suit made.

It sounds terrible, but it actually looks alright.

And do you wear it the entire time?

Or do you scrape it off after six seconds?

I should have to just reveal my robot guts.

Fuck man.

What an opportunity missed.

So you're actually, you're wearing a shiny silver like jumpsuit during your special?

No, really a jumpsuit.

That's your...

Or do you mean like a three-piece suit?

Well, like a suit suit.

Oh, okay.

So it looks good.

It looks good.

Yeah.

What I had in my head was that you thought it was a funny idea and then you like are 20 years from now, are forced to look back.

Well, I invaded, you know, Stomp was off Broadway.

So I invaded their closet and just made a suit out of trash can lids.

Oh boy.

So there's a lot of percussive element to the special.

Anytime you tell a joke, you just stomp on a go, dukie-co key!

That's right.

And my album is called Dukie-cokey.

Okay, good.

The dukie-cokey.

That's not bad either.

That's where everyone shits on a cookie and then the last person to shit has to eat it.

How do you tell when the last person?

Well, you're all in a group.

You're in a circle.

Okay, so what if someone takes two shits?

Well, they're the last person.

You just hope that the second shit isn't the last one.

What if it is?

Why would anyone shit after someone else shit?

Well, I don't know.

Is everyone forced to shit?

You don't.

Everyone has to take one shit.

All I know is that dukie-cokey goes back to the Bible and they played it in Jerusalem.

All right.

In the old country.

So we don't even know the rules of the world.

I don't even know why anymore.

They've been so perverted for 2,000 years.

There was a council of Trent got together.

There was a dukie-cokey council that got together and there was a lot of politics crossing over religion at that time.

So I don't really know why the rules are the way they are.

But we have to follow.

Why can't priests marry?

I don't know.

So it's very similar to the dukie-cokey issue.

Why can't priests marry?

Dukie-cokey.

Oh, that's true.

But really, when you think about it, is there something to do with their semen?

I think maybe it is.

You know what I mean?

Are they allowed to ejaculate?

No, no, no.

Their dickslits get fused shut with ceiling wax welded together like a letter.

Yeah.

But just the pope's signet.

Yep.

Just right on the tip.

That would be amazing if every priest had the popes.

It's his ring and he has to smear the ring over the hinges, burn the wax under the...

Oh, that would...

I would love that.

That would be...

I'd want to become a...

Just to get that done.

Right.

You would be seeing all sorts of body yard people just going into the priesthood.

Yeah.

They call it poping.

That's what they call it.

And the only way you can do it is to convert and become a priest.

It takes years.

It is the ultimate in body yard.

Yeah, body modification.

It's sort of like retaining your chi, but for Catholics, it 's just like the semen just explodes inward because now you have this barrier.

Maybe that's what's so good about it is the semen just goes inward into your body and like gives you the power of Christ.

It just leaks in.

You sweat.

That's a little different.

You have to sweat your come out.

You have cum sweats.

Cum sweats.

Oh my gosh.

When I wake up from the cum sweats, the worst.

Oh, it's so weird.

It is.

You're having just a sexy, sexy dream and then you're like, boom!

You wake up in your sheets.

And your body.

You're glistening.

Yup.

Cum sweats.

Yeah, cum sweats are terrible.

So that's why you should only be poked by a professional and the professional being the pope.

Yes, of course.

Well, that's the ultimate.

He doesn't poke just anyone.

Nope.

He gives it to officially ordained.

It's a very professional.

Yeah.

I mean, and you know the pope is nearby because of the frankincense.

There's a vague odor of frankincense.

And he's standing over by the fire just putting his hand into it, heating up the ring.

He's impervious to fire.

Yeah, that's one thing people don't know about the pope is that...

That's how you become pope.

They burn a bunch of cardinals and then whichever one doesn 't crisp.

Like Shadrach Myshach and Abednego.

Yeah.

You know, doesn't get burned by the flame.

That's all the smoke that's coming out of the Vatican when they're trying to find a new pope.

That's burned cardinals.

Yes, of course.

Just being charred.

The white smoke.

Right.

Now I might be piecing some of this together based on conjecture.

And perhaps all of your conjecture.

No evidence at all.

I wonder if anyone's really going to be mad.

I wonder if anyone's...

Listen to this, I hope not.

No one cares about religion anymore, right?

It's smartphones of the new religion.

Yeah, exactly.

That's all anyone cares about.

Hey, people, put down your smartphones for one second and look around at life.

That's what I say.

And if you can't, then you can get it from your smartphone.

That's true.

Yeah, you can really...

There's an app for life.

Because your life you really just see in the immediate like 50 feet around you but your smartphone you can look at anywhere.

Yeah, I life.

Especially on the panorama setting.

You're so good.

Yeah, it's really good.

All right, Chris, we're going to take a little break.

And when we come back, we'll have more with you.

Okay.

We'll talk more about any subject you want.

Okay.

And we also have another guest on the show.

Oh, I'm very excited about this guest.

Another stand-up comedian.

Yeah.

And that I've never met before but you have that in common.

Great.

So that'll be really good.

So we'll come right back.

We'll have more Chris Hardwick, more comedy bang bang.

We'll be right back a bit about...

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Chris Hardwick.

One of our old friends on the show and actually the very first time that I had to take off and needed a substitute host which happened to be the fourth show.

I think so.

Yeah, it was the very fourth show.

You stepped in and you were my first substitute host.

With Mike Furman, I think, didn't Furman come in as well?

No, I think he was a guest.

Oh, okay, got you got it.

It was you, Jonah and Matt.

Mm-hmm.

Oh, that's fantastic.

This is before you were doing the Nerdist podcast.

Was it really before the podcast?

Yeah, holy shit.

And you kind of tried it out and you were like, oh, hey, I 'm working with Jonah and Matt.

Let me get those guys in there.

Yeah.

And it was almost like a test run for your own show.

So we piloted the Nerdist podcast.

That's right.

Your show is a spin-off of mine.

I guess that's hard in our army.

Like Joni loves Chachi.

That's hard to argue.

Exactly like Joni loves Chachi.

Exactly like Joni.

I would have taken more commande.

Which was a spin-off.

That was a spin-off of Happy Days, which was the weirdest episode of Happy Days Ever.

Like all of a sudden, Mark appears and starts talking to Richie and then Mark freezes everyone and the strangest.

And they never explain why he was there in the 50s and then he then transports himself to the 80s.

They never really bothered to...

That was such a lazy loot.

Like, ah, fuck it.

You know what?

People who watch Happy Days, they don't give a shit.

Although, you know, I think we've had Gary Marshall in here talking about exactly why they did that.

So go back and look for Gary Marshall's episodes.

He's been on probably like...

One time I, my sister Penny and I were hanging out with an alien.

That is another great broad-sir- Then an egg.

Impression.

Nice try, asshole.

That's...

Terror at 35,000 feet.

Well, we do have to get to our next guest.

We don't have to.

We get to.

I mean...

It's a privilege.

Yeah, it's a privilege to.

And he's the stand of comedian and have you ever met this guy on the road, Chris?

I've never actually...

I've never had the pleasure of actually performing in room.

But he's always...

I feel like we're always sort of chasing each other.

Like, he's just been someplace that I'm about to go or vice versa.

Yeah.

Okay, well, he's a comedian.

He's been...

Some of his credits are last comic standing, it says here.

And apparently you have an upcoming comics unleashed episode coming here.

And J.T.

McDowell is here.

Hello.

Guys, what's going on?

It's hilarious already.

Sorry, man, but listen to you guys.

I'm a little under the weather, but you guys...

You guys have been killing me, man.

Just going back and forth and rippling and shooting.

Oh, thanks, J.T.

It's truly nice to meet you.

I'd shake your hand, but you seem to be...

So sick.

I've been on the road, man.

You get a lot of...

You get road herpes.

Yeah, no, not herpes, man.

Just like a cold, you know.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, it was hardcore.

I've seen him before.

You got a special at Comedy Central.

How'd you get that?

Well, I...

You know, I just...

I don't know.

I pitched...

You pitched...

Who'd you pitch it to?

Like a name of someone you pitch it to?

Because I loved it.

Her name's Joanne.

Joanne?

Just Joanne at ComedyCentral.com.

I'm gonna find her.

That'd be awesome, but you do a special at Comedy Central.

You've never done a special before, J.T.?

No, I taped one, but it never aired.

It never sold.

I just I taped a special.

So you taped it for yourself?

I taped it for myself.

I'm always evaluating my tape, you know, like a football player.

What kind of equipment did you shoot a professional in?

I know I had like an old school kind of VHS tape format that my dad...

What my dad asked away.

He gave me a...

That's what he left me in there.

I'm so sorry to hear you do.

No, that's fine.

How long was that?

I was 17 years ago.

17 years ago, he left you of a camera?

Yeah, he left me like an old school VHS video tape camera.

It was pretty cool.

So you were thinking you could tape your special on VHS and then sell it to Comedy Central?

I sent...

I dubbed the tape.

I made multiple dubs of the tape and I sent it out all over town.

Lightning dubs?

Went to Lightning Dubs.

And...

What if they're still in business?

They are.

They're on Victory Boulevard.

You just saved their business.

Hey, Lightning Dubs, if you're listening, give us some free dubs.

We mentioned you on the show.

Hey, but don't joke about their great guys, dude.

Their great guys.

Sponsor squatting, where you just say a sponsor and they're like, okay, you owe me money.

Yeah.

Come on, dubs.

So hey, JT, so you're a stand-up, you're out there traveling?

I guess you're a road dog?

Oh yeah, I bet.

I'm hitting it.

Hitting the pavement as we call it in the business, hitting turf.

I'm never selling that actually.

I'm pretty sure a lot of stand-ups say that.

Hitting turf.

I never said that.

It sounds like a sports term.

No, it's with stand-ups.

You kind of say that on the road.

What are you doing?

I'm hitting turf this week.

Next week, I'm back in the home.

Stand turf.

Okay.

I was out in Milwaukee.

I ever played the milk factory.

Oh no.

It's pretty awesome.

Wow, it's pretty awesome.

Why is it awesome?

It's just a good crowd.

They like to hear a lot of good stand-up.

Why do they call it the milk factory?

It's an old milk factory.

Oh, okay, literally.

Oh yeah.

It shut down about six months ago.

So it still kind of smells like milk.

Is it an official club or do they just?

No, no.

I kind of stay away from the big clubs.

You know, like some of Zaines.

That's too political for me.

I like to go to the small.

It's actually not that political.

What are the politics?

You just got to kiss a lot of ass and kind of know the right people.

No, no offense.

I'm just saying, you just got to kiss a lot of ass.

Did you kiss a lot of ass?

I think so.

I think it just...

How much?

Yes, did you kiss?

I don't think very...

You got to change your act though and make it really crowd friendly.

I don't really focus on that.

Well, isn't that what being a comedian is, is making sort of forming a relationship with your own.

Crowd friendly.

I think it's about like what's funny to you.

Like what's funny inside you and...

Whether or not people laugh, it doesn't really matter.

Is it true?

I heard you do a lot of pet based materials.

Yes, yeah.

Because I grew up in technically hoarders and we had a lot of cats, a lot of stray dogs growing up.

So I based a lot of comedy.

When you say technically hoarders, what is the cut off there?

Like what...

We were hoarders.

You know how like being a giant is like six, seven or up?

Yeah, well then we were definitely hoarders.

You weren't giants.

No, no, definitely shorter people but hoarders nonetheless.

And you hoarded cats?

Cats, cardboard boxes.

We had a lot of stray dogs coming in.

My house is fucked up too but that's probably a lot of my comedy from.

Sure.

Oh, yeah.

Okay, so just kind of like, hey, this is my life and this is what...

This is what it is man.

Take her, leave it.

And if you don't like it, if you don't laugh, you're going to yell shit from the crowd about me.

It doesn't phase.

How long have you been doing Santa?

16 years.

Okay.

Yeah.

Real almost like the day after my father passed away, I just went to an open mic.

I found it was kind of like the best.

Yeah, they're just really the best way to breathe.

Yeah, it's like almost like therapy.

Like I always tell the crowd like, you're my shrink and they're like, don't say that.

But do they shed a lot of things that you said?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I have really like an interactive kind of relationship with the crowd.

Like I get out there and you know, they'll kind of let me know how, what they think of the act at that point and I'll kind of tell them, you know, hey, I'm like, I'm like, I don't care what you think, your opinion doesn't matter.

I'm just kind of plowed through my act, you know.

Okay.

It's yeah.

How many, how many minutes do you do?

In at the milk factory, I did 12, did like a tight 12.

Huh.

That is actually not, that's a loose 12, I should say, because it's not like, wait, you're headlining with 12 minutes.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I never have an opener or a closer.

But this is not an official club though, it sounds like.

Well, what's an official club?

What is an official club?

I just looked up the milk factory and it's actually just like one of those drive through dairy stores.

Well, yeah, but at nine o'clock it becomes a place where people watch comedy.

Oh, I think it used to be a milk.

Oh, it used to be earlier in the day.

It used to be the day before I started that day.

It was a milk factory.

Oh, okay.

I'm sorry for the confusion.

So you just show up and while people are getting milk, you just start telling jokes at them?

Yeah, yeah.

And it's all kinds of shit, you know, I get political, I get pop culture, I throw all kinds of shit at that.

Do you care to maybe do one of your.

Yeah, you know, yeah, don't even joke.

It's just like, I just kind of, you know, let them know what's up.

Like Sarah Palin, hypocrite alert, you know, and yeah, because she always is talking bullshit, you know, I haven't really seen her talk that much at all lately.

No, she's always out there, man.

She's always out there talking shit and just being a hypocr ite in general.

I'm going to be receded from the public eye a little bit.

A little bit.

Well, I'm curious.

What makes what's what do you feel is the difference between you doing stand up for people and you just being a guy yelling at people and it's a rivor.

Sorry, do you have more tissues?

Thanks, bro.

These are super soft.

Is it because you perform outside?

Mostly outside.

So yeah, yeah, that's why you're not feeling good.

Yeah, but just traveling so much.

I saw all that dairy from the milk factory.

It's not good for you.

I took a lot of buses to the shows and you get a lot of kind of sick old people in the bus that I end up sitting next to.

Yeah, but it's good.

I sit on the bus.

I listen to other standups where I like a lot of my inspiration from.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Is that really the way to do it?

Like listening to old standup.

Like who's your favorite though?

Eddie Griffin.

Yeah, a lot of people kind of say like I'm the white Eddie Griffin.

Oh, okay.

Because of your cadence?

My cadence, my attitude on stage.

I don't give a shit.

I'll say what people are thinking.

I'll do what people want to do.

Plus I've been arrested a couple of times.

So yeah, I think that makes sense.

Yeah, I think so.

Well, yeah, I mean.

You okay?

Fuck me, man.

It was at blood.

Yeah, a little bit of blood.

I got a BLEM in my, blood in my FLEM.

I got FLEM in my blood.

Right, that went down.

Oh, wait, that's mine actually.

I'm right.

I got that on the whiteboard.

Well, we both write down.

I've been shot performed live before you do.

Oh, really?

Because I'm going to a gig right now.

Oh, really?

You're going to a gig right after this show.

Yeah.

Because I'm doing one at lunch.

I'm hitting soup plantation on Beverly.

Yeah, I got a brunch actually before lunch.

Okay.

Well, let's both do the joke and see which, who does it better?

I don't think I can get you on the bill if that's what you 're asking me.

No, I'm not asking.

I'm just wondering if there's a, no, it doesn't matter.

It's cool.

What are you doing in LA?

Or do you come from here?

No, no, no, no.

I like to come inside and try to get representation sometimes.

How did you get on the podcast if you don't have representation?

I just kind of showed up this morning outside.

I always wait.

I track podcasts.

And what I'll do is I'll be like, okay, X podcast is shooting here.

I'll show up, try to get on.

And this morning, I just kind of just wedged my way in the door and just kind of jumped on after hard work.

Story of my life.

Story of your life.

I've never actually played the milk factory though.

Yeah, but I feel like we're always kind of missing each other.

Like you said before, like you'll be in one city and I'll be in Jason City.

You know what I mean?

Like you'll be in New York City and I'll be in Connecticut.

Right.

So I feel like we're always, I feel like I'm nipping at your heels.

Right.

Maybe I'll have a podcast show and you can come on one time and you can be a guest of the podcast.

Wait, what's your last name?

McDowell.

Oh, I thought you were JT McDougall.

No, not me.

Fuck McDougall, dude.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I know.

Actually, I don't think I'm that friendly.

That's a big problem when I'm trying to book shows is that a lot of people think I am McDougall and it's a whole thing.

So I'll show up and they're like, who are you?

And I'm like, McDowell.

How many JTs are in comedy?

14.

14 JTs.

Let's list them all.

What do we got?

We got McDougall, McDowell, the two we've already talked about.

Horn.

JT Horn.

JT Blacksmith.

Mm.

Great.

Love his work.

JT Desharne.

Desharne, that's fine.

Well, there's JT Slytherin who just does Harry Potter jokes .

Slyther, yeah.

I think that's a stage name.

You think so?

I think so, yeah.

I don't know.

I could be thinking of it.

Do you think his name was Slytherin?

And he just was like, got so interested in Harry Potter because he was like, oh, wow, that's, I think he tried to sue JK Rowling and then was like, well, fuck it, I'm just going to try to profit from this somehow.

There's also JT JK Rowling.

Yep.

Who doesn't do any Harry Potter jokes.

I know.

Yeah.

Which is really throws a lot of people off.

Yeah.

There's little JT.

Little JT.

Oh, yeah.

And there's Littler JT.

I remember him.

There's also JT Inberlake, I think, right?

And then there's just leaves four more.

Yeah.

JT Malcolmson.

JT, well, there's actually JT Four more.

JT Four more.

Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

Oh, that's a huge.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

You skip JT Four more.

I did.

That's just two left.

Two left, yeah.

JT Threely.

JT Dose.

That's it.

Yeah.

And that's it.

And then that's it.

There's a lot though.

There's a funny name.

14, man.

That's a lot.

Is it your real name?

Yeah, no, yeah, yeah.

Well, Justin Tyler, McDowell.

Mm.

And just JT so much.

It just sounds just kind of like a comedy like a bro, you know?

Yeah.

It's the guy you want to hang out with.

What are you doing now?

Let's go to the fucking milk factory and watch JT McDowell do some of his shit.

Yeah.

You know?

What's up with that?

Have you guys seen Gangnam Style?

Have you seen that?

I've seen one scene.

You know what that is?

That's Kim Jong-il.

Um.

Kim Jong-un.

I know how.

Ah!

Nope.

I don't know if it is.

I mean, I think it's not.

I think it's not.

It's pretty much not.

It's a Korean artist called Sai.

No, I know.

It looks like he actually went to, Sai actually went to school in this country.

Like he went to, I think maybe Berkeley School of Music or something.

Oh, he get in a text?

Yeah, that was Sai.

Oh.

I think Kim Jong-il.

Wow.

Well, he's not.

He looks like him now.

Do you listen to this right now?

Yeah.

You got him.

He looks like him now.

We're live streaming on Korean radio.

He looks like him.

I don't know that he looks like him as much as not look like him.

Yeah.

I think that might be a broad, sweeping generalization.

But I don't think they look anything alike.

Because Sai is sort of a heftier guy with, you know, and Kim Jong-il.

A flat top kind of.

Small, small guy with big glasses.

I mean, like they, I think they looked literally nothing alike.

Yeah.

I think maybe they're both Asian.

Is that fair to say?

I think that's fair to say.

But not to step on your joke.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's good.

I think we could just agree to disagree on that one.

I don't know if I agree with it.

You guys in, are you guys in relationships?

I definitely am.

Yeah.

I just broke up by a girlfriend.

Yeah.

I gotta go to a, I gotta go to night clubs now.

You're going to the nightclub.

No, it's not really.

Wow.

But for the, for the joke.

Oh, yeah.

We all the time.

We're clubbing.

You know what they need to do?

They gotta get out.

They gotta get like NFL, NFL football announcers at the club.

So they can kind of comment on what's happening, you know, like, you can walk up to a girl and be like, what's up?

How you doing?

And they'd be like, let's see it again, an instant replay.

Remember?

Hey, where are you going again?

Now, do you think an individual club would spend the money involved to get NFL commentators and an instant replay system in a nightclub?

That would be millions of dollars.

No, no, no, no.

No, I'm just saying if they had it, that's what it would be like.

What I'm more interested in is why would you see the instant replay on Hi, How Are You?

Who gives a shit?

I guess really the first two seconds are make or break time .

Right?

Yeah, but it's just in general, everything you see in a club, you gotta admit.

Well, what I'm saying is, okay, if I accept this premise for your joke, like, come up with something a little better than just Hi, How Are You?

Like, you know, like, what about a pickup line?

Like, hey, did you fall from heaven?

Okay, all right.

So then they're at a club.

Hey, what's up?

Did you fall from heaven?

Let's see, again, instant replay.

Hey, how are you?

Did you fall from heaven?

It's the same thing, man.

Why is it in slow-mo, too?

Because that's how it works, man.

That's how, fuck, you don't watch football.

Fine, I get it.

You guys are on sports guys.

People that watch football love that premise.

They love that joke premise.

They love that wording the way I did it.

Do they really?

Yeah, they do.

Yeah, they really think honestly about it.

Yes, they do.

They sit there and they're like, they just kind of nod.

Like, yep, nailed it.

JT got that one.

Mm-hmm.

Do they say anything?

No, well, sometimes it'd be like, explain that.

Explain that to me.

Explain that joke to me.

And I'll kind of, you know, back it up and be like, if you 're, fuck, fuck this, man.

That's fine.

Okay, no, but it's good.

I like it.

It's good, dude.

I like my Twitter.

Yeah, go ahead.

I like the plug section, but go ahead and- Sorry, I gotta get my followers on.

Yeah, no, I just- The real JT McDowell Comedy Live.

That's a lot.

Most of your tweet right there is your name.

The real JT McDowell Comedy Live.

Yeah.

Okay.

I know you guys got a lot.

How many followers do you have part with?

I don't know what's- Come on.

You know how many followers you have.

Come on.

It's over a million.

A million?

Yeah.

Fuck me.

Jesus.

Put a lot.

I'm considerably less than what you got, I bet.

Why, how many do you have?

One eleven.

Yeah, one eleven.

Do you mean 1.11 million?

Yeah, right.

1.11 million.

That's what I meant, Scott.

No, I mean 111 followers.

Who are these followers of yours?

Some are bots.

I'm not gonna lie.

Someone's gotta play to the bot crowd.

I love the bot, still, man.

They get my jokes recently.

They retweet you.

Yeah, I got favorited by StayFit Minneapolis recently.

Which is like a weight loss place in Minneapolis, I guess.

They favorited one of my jokes about the Kardashians.

Because I said they're like- They need to lose some weight?

Yeah.

So they favorited that and then they tweeted it?

I said, that's a lot of Kim Kardashian.

Oh.

Because, you know.

Well, the Kardashians are actually a race in the Star Trek universe.

Was that what you were referring to?

That's so interesting.

I didn't know that.

I was.

I was going for that show.

Is that how they're famous?

Mm-hmm.

Look, they're an alien race.

Interesting.

Well, gosh, JT, yeah.

People should, more people should follow you then.

Oh my god.

I'm doing all kinds of crazy stuff.

I'm linking other great stand upsets for other comedians out there.

Really, just audio files of understand- Yeah, what I like to do is I like to go watch stand ups shows and video record them on my phone.

Upload them and then put them on Twitter.

I think that's a good way to get the word out there about just not my comedy but comedy in general.

I don't think that that's helpful, Chris.

I personally wouldn't be a huge fan of that.

Yeah, if you're listening to this, if you're a comedy fan listening to this, that's actually something that you shouldn't do, I think.

Well, tell me why not.

If you're a comedy, if you're a comedian, you're good at your job, why would you not want your set, your entire set tape and put on my- Well, look at it this way.

If you're like, you're working in a factory and an auto factory.

You don't want- Sure, sure you have.

You don't want someone like videotaping you with your phone and then putting it on the Internet of every time you scratch your butt.

I would love that.

It shows that I'm working hard and I'm good at my job than I'm a human being.

Well, I think some of it has to do with the fact that a lot of times you're working on new material and you don't want other people to put it out before you're ready to have it seen.

But it's being seen.

True.

Would Julia Child like it if you videotaped her?

No.

Every time, yeah, every time she died.

That's dead.

I want it.

Here, Julia Child impression.

Yeah.

Uh, first you have to rob the chicken with butter and then throw it in the oven.

Oh, I just queefed.

Well her famous closer for every show.

Thanks for watching.

That actually got me.

I sort of like that.

Thanks for- Not bad.

I'm coming around on JT, actually.

Thanks for watching.

I just quit.

It's not bad.

I don't know.

Something about the image.

It's funny.

I like it.

I bet she was a bit of a queafer.

I bet she was.

Yeah.

When you really think about it, what type of woman queefs would you say?

I think- And overweight, do you think tall?

I think tall ones.

Is it because of all the air rushing- They make sense.

They have long strides when they walk and it's probably just a gust or two about to go up and it's got to come out.

I don't think anyone could queef really.

Really, you think everyone queefs?

I do.

I think too.

You're willing to write a children's book based upon that premise.

Yes, and then with horse vaginas and then for elephants, everyone queefs.

You just want to put out a book about horse vaginas, it sounds like.

Mostly.

I would throw other animal vaginas in- Horse vaginas, aka everyone queefs.

Everyone queefs.

Like Chris Hardwick.

And it's just like 49 pages of horses queefing.

Check it out.

Well, if it's just horse queefs, then that's a much smaller audience.

Yeah.

You expand the focus.

Yeah.

I understand.

What do you think of that idea, JT?

Have you guys- Can I plug my Facebook?

Sure.

Go ahead.

What's your Facebook?

It's JT McDowell is on it.

That's one word.

Is that part of it?

That's the whole thing.

JT McDowell is on it.

If you could check it out, there's no space.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I thought you meant that's one word.

It was part of it.

No, no, no, no, man.

It's JT's crazy.

I'm the comedian.

I'm sorry.

This is my dream, by the way.

The comedian is just freaking riff and chill and stuff.

All right, add to the riff.

We were just riffing about horse vaginas.

Add to it.

Ah.

Well, what about a goat dicks?

Okay.

Yeah.

What about them?

What do you guys make of that?

It's back on us.

I mean, goats have dicks.

They have them all.

Yeah, I do.

I mean, pretty much about that.

Yeah, half of them do.

They have a good half of them do.

They have to reproduce.

So they've got...

What kind of goats do you think have the biggest dicks?

Huh, that's interesting.

I don't know.

What types of goats are there?

I mean, there's mountain goats.

Mountain goats, mountain goats, mountain goats, mountain goats.

Nanny goats.

What's that one?

Nanny goats.

That's another one right there.

What if, I wonder if there's like nanny cams devoted to n anny goats?

Yes.

You ever think about that?

Just to see who is slapping their kids around.

Yeah, yeah.

Slapping them with the dicks.

Yep.

Yeah.

Yeah, that could work.

Probably.

Probably is good.

That could work.

I don't know if, first of all, I don't know if goats have the kind of organized society where goats actually take care of other goats that aren't their own offspring and then those...

Wait, that's my premise.

Why are you...

Why are you negating my premise?

I am me, man.

You're heckling me for his joke.

You're staring right at JT while you say that.

That's how I'm used to it.

I'm sorry.

I mean, I didn't mean to attack you through JT's got it.

Come on, man.

I thought it wasn't bad.

I already wrote it down on the whiteboard.

You're right.

Right below two prez.

Under...

And dooky-cooky.

Well, I think that you're going to be a great comedian on day.

I appreciate that, man.

Just for one day.

No, I'll be it for a lot of days.

And then you'll forget what made you so great.

You'll just go back to whatever it is you're doing.

Man, he's performing the milk factory, but now he doesn't even drink milk.

Can I plug my tumbler?

Yeah, go ahead.

What is tumbler?

Well, it's sort of like a mini blog.

It's not a microblog.

It's not a microblogging would be Twitter status updates.

Okay, it's like a blog would be like you have an iMac, like a computer, like a desktop.

Right.

Okay.

Twitter is like the iPhone.

Right.

Tumblers like the iPad.

The iPad mini.

Oh, okay.

So it'll be JT McDowell, tumbler, tumbler.

Check it out.

Put some tumbler.

JT McDowell, tumbler, tumbler.

Put some stuff out there.

It'll be pretty pretty.

What do you got?

Like just other people's sets?

No, no, no.

I just put that on Twitter.

I just tweet that stuff.

And the tumbler, I'll kind of put some of my movie reviews up.

What's the last movie you saw?

Ooh, Expendables 2.

Nice.

Who is the best movie I've ever seen?

Okay.

Tell us about it.

Did you guys see it?

They should actually call it the Dependables.

Okay.

Because they're always shitting in their pants and he diapers.

Oh, it depends.

Oh, okay.

There would have to be Dependsables, I think.

That's kind of...

That's not bad, though.

That's not bad.

It's sort of in a mad magazine.

Dependsables makes it sound like they...

It's not...

No, it depends.

It's not a word.

It's got to be dependables.

Yeah, maybe you're right, Chris.

Dependsables.

I think it's dependables.

And then it also...

Dependsables sounds like they actually show up on time to do the job and they...

They're very efficient.

Which...

Which they are, right?

They were.

Although, I think they did come late to that one.

But they're so...

Listen, listen, listen.

Yeah, you...

They're old.

They're old guys.

They shit their pants.

Do you know that?

Is that in the movie?

Oh, come on, man.

What's the cutoff for shitting your pants?

Probably 60.

Once you're 60, you shit your pants all the time.

All the time.

And you need your diapers.

I've seen the commercials with the tennis courts.

And these guys...

At the tennis courts?

A lot of those commercials are in tennis courts.

A lot of them.

A lot of old guys playing tennis shit their pants.

They're embarrassed.

It's their vulnerable.

The court stipulates that this premise is valid.

Well, a lot of those elderly people play on clay because it doesn't...

The shit doesn't show up as much.

That's right.

It still shows up.

It's not brown clay.

It's red clay unless they have red shit.

Well, that's part of the...

When you get older.

Well, the point of the...

The point of the joke...

I got Fleming in my blood the other day.

Oh my God.

Are you okay?

The point of the...

The point of the joke is that they're old guys.

They were depends.

Expendables.

Dependables.

Dependsables though.

I'm so sick of breaking down my fucking jokes to audience.

I'm so...

So it's not just us.

No, it's not.

It's everywhere.

How many people have said dependsables to you when you say that joke?

Three dozen?

Four dozen?

How many people have heard people?

Four dozen.

Forty eight people.

Every person who's heard that joke has the same fucking reaction.

So only forty of them heard that joke?

So listen to one of them.

But it doesn't make sense that way.

You don't go into a store and be like, hey, what isles are your dependable?

Dependsables.

Dependsable.

They would say, what do you mean dependables?

Get out of my store.

Okay?

Fuck.

Especially with you acting like that, I think they'd say get out of my store without you even asking a question.

You're a little too worked up about this.

Comedy is a process.

It's hard though, man.

It's so hard.

I try and I try and I fuck.

Yeah.

It's tough.

It's tough, man.

Chris can talk about this.

It's a lot of bashing your head against the wall and then one day...

It'd be a very lovely process.

Oh, god.

Damn it.

Yeah, well, hopefully we were helpful to you or...

No, man.

This is like an entertainment mind.

I've always, I hear podcasts, comedians talking.

You have a smartphone?

What do you hear them on?

No, I got a Motorola clamshell.

Old school.

But old school or just old phone?

Old school.

And old, it's an old phone.

It's an old fits from like...

Phone from an old school.

It's from...

It's an LAUSD old Motorola clamshell.

It's a Bakelite.

I don't use anymore.

No, I have a friend who tapes the podcasts on cassette tapes and then I pop them in my little wallet.

How does your friend tape the podcasts on cassette tapes?

That is a tremendous extra amount.

No, he just sounds like a good friend though.

It's so easy.

He pushes play on his stereo and then has a small...

Stereo.

Memorex.

Tape deck that he pops in a blank tape.

Wait a minute.

Is he a guy with a leather jacket and aviator sitting next to a martini with a lamp?

Yeah.

How do you know Terry?

I'm...

He's very famous.

That guy loves his Memorex.

He loves his Memorex.

Yeah, he's always blown around his apartment.

Yeah.

Yeah, no, he just tapes him from me.

I listen to him.

I get a big kick out of him.

So this has been a thrill for me.

Yeah, no, I bet.

Well, tell you what, can you stick around?

Yeah.

We have one more segment to go.

That's okay.

That's been asked that question before.

Okay, great.

Well, I'd love for you to stick around and when we come back, we'll have more Chris Hardwick, more J.T.

McDowell right after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Chris Hardwick and J .T.

McDowell.

We're going out road turfin.

Yeah, now I'm on the home turf.

Yeah, home turf road turf.

Yeah.

Yes, and we're having a good time here.

It's Comedy Bang Bang and we just have one final segment here on the show and that is a little something we call would you rather?

Yeah.

Okay.

So, let's go.

Okay.

Yeah.

So, let's go.

Okay.

So, let's go.

Okay.

So, let's go.

Okay.

So, let's go.

Okay.

All right.

Let's take a look.

No, no, no, we're still on it.

Do you hear that classical music being piped in?

Yeah, that's the would you rather theme and thank you for being respect sorry.

Sorry.

I really appreciate that.

JT, you're new to the game.

Chris, we've played this before.

We've played this before.

Okay.

Good.

We've played this before.

Puppeteer as well.

Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

Hat hand.

We all know how this is played.

People send me would you rather scenarios to our Twitter which is at CBB, W.I.R.

Company, Bang, Bang, Would you rather?

They don't send them to me because I don't want them.

I would just take them and throw them on the would you rather pile which to clarify is not the pile that I take would you rather submissions from like you would a log pile, you know, or a firewood pile where you actually use the things on the pile.

What I'm trying to say is I would throw them on the would you rather pile which is discarded would you rather scenarios.

Okay.

Just to make sure that's clear because a lot of people lately have been sending them to me saying, hey, put these on the would you rather pile thinking that they'll get read on the air.

No, no, no, that's not the case.

That would you rather pile this for discarded would you rather scenarios only.

There's a protocol.

Yeah.

What you want to do is send it to CBB, W.I.R. which is where we put it into the would you rather pit which is.

Okay.

Wait.

So if I send to at Scott Ocarman on Twitter or would you rather than it goes then it gets on.

No, it goes to the would you rather pile which is this is what you call the would you rather on the podcast.

So that means it gets on.

No, no, no, no, you want them in the would you rather pit.

Okay.

And that's CBB, W.I.R.

But I would, but I think the pile would be more attractive.

No, no, no, the pit.

I have a nice little kind of ritual that I do where I take a ladder and I go down the pit and I get all the would you rather scenarios out of that in a virtual sense or you have a literal pit.

I have a literal pit.

Oh, I didn't realize that.

Yeah.

Have you not been by the house lately?

No.

Oh, my God.

Oh my God.

Oh, it's beautiful.

Oh, that's good.

Marco did a great job with it.

Oh, that's so gorgeous.

It is really nice.

Well, Tom Bergeron had a great pit that I saw and I just really thought about getting one but it just seems like the maintenance.

Berzy.

He's my favorite stand up.

Yeah, he's on.

He's really doing it for so long and again, great pit.

Yeah, great pit.

That's kind of good.

Most importantly, so send them to at Scott Ocarman on Twitter.

Yeah, right.

Do you want to follow back?

Follow, follow each other?

Uh, let's do it.

Do you do it?

Follow back?

Well, it's not Friday, first of all.

Let's do a follow Friday situation.

Yeah, and we'll do a follow Friday.

Like do a follow Friday to me and then I'll kind of evaluate the situation.

Right.

Awesome.

Okay, great.

That's awesome.

Fucking great.

All right.

So this comes to us from Aaron Reese who's at S. No, at AS Reese.

Okay, his middle name must start with an S. That's Aaron probably probably.

I mean, I know.

I'm no elementary Sherlock elementary.

Right.

Um, I think that is new.

New Watson.

New look, new Watson.

Agent Watson.

I think it's a new Sherlock too.

Agent Lady Watson.

I don't think that he's ever played Sherlock before.

I think everything about that Joe is new.

Johnny Lee Miller has played every incarnation of Sherlock.

I think I might be wrong about that.

I think that new Watson is from Gangnam Style.

I don't think so.

No, no, no.

No, and that I don't even think the same.

No, I was trying to make his call back.

He's Chinese.

Gangnam Style.

In comedy and comedy.

Sometimes.

I have an Asian wife.

Mm-hmm.

Oh my god.

And they're so fucking sorry.

Yeah.

It's not cool.

You know what I mean?

They're not all the same.

No, that wasn't the joke.

Are you going to have to cut this out so cool up, doesn't he?

That wasn't the joke.

If she hears this, she'll be furious.

I mean, you'll have to quit the podcast.

She'll make me quit the podcast.

She'll make you quit the podcast.

She'll be like, you'll quit that podcast.

I don't want that to happen.

So I'm going to cut this part of the show out.

All right.

So sorry.

And at a point.

Hey, welcome back to the show.

And we're in the middle of, would you rather?

And this comes to us from Aaron Reese.

And in case we cut the part out of the podcast where I talked about how I believe his middle name starts with S, I want to just establish that.

I believe his middle name starts with S.

Hey, Aaron, how are you?

Aaron asks, would you rather have the reggaeton air horn sound play whenever you deliver bad news or have Mark Marin narrate all of your sexual experiences?

All right.

Would you rather have the reggaeton air horn sound play?

If we could look up that, that's what I was wondering if we could look up like a reggaeton air horn sound.

You like they're a pretty even swap.

Well, we don't know all the information yet and we cannot know that until I open the floor for questions.

So I'm opening the floor for questions and you can ask me anything about either scenario in order to help narrow down your choice.

Yes, JT.

This is more a Camarran.

Okay.

Well, he's a comedian actually and never heard of him.

Influential one that you should maybe he has a very big podcast.

You said you listened to podcasts.

So Terry not to make it up your tapes.

No, Terry didn't take that one for me.

I got to write that down.

So he's a comedian.

What kind of stand of comedy does he do introspective, hateful.

I can't.

Frank is a good friend.

What would cool up say about his said?

Oh, why you say that Mark?

You're bad boy.

Mark's great.

You should listen to Mark.

You should listen to a show.

Any comedian doing the podcast I'm into.

So I'm going to love his seems you would know probably maybe the most famous and not doing present company exclusion.

No, no, please.

I understand.

I'm going to check it out.

Okay.

So check it out.

Please.

So the flor is open for questions.

Okay.

This this air.

By the way, we have the air horn.

Yeah, that would have.

Yeah, that's what it sounds like.

So the air horn is playing whenever what whenever you deliver bad news, whenever I deliver bad news.

Which think about how often are you really in the situation where you're delivering bad news?

Often.

As I have sex.

So it's probably a pretty even and usually the bad news is we're going to have sex.

So it so does that mean if I pick both do I get the air horn to kick it off and then marin to narrate no one has ever picked both before.

But what would that sound like?

Let's hear that air horn.

Oh, what are you going to do?

You just going to stick it in there.

Oh, great.

What the fuck?

Come on.

Use it.

Not what the fuck.

Get your ball.

Fucking.

Fuck.

It'd be a lot like that.

If you pick both, which known has ever done before, I just read this game.

I deal with horns a lot.

I have a lot of audience members.

Yeah, a lot of audience members bring in like they're bringing in air horns.

Air horns, vuvuzalas, trumpets, all kinds of shit.

It's like this thing where they get in use of vuvuzalas.

They get them having the World Cup left over from the world .

I held on to them.

So I'm used to kind of shouting and screaming my act a lot over it.

So I actually can adapt to an what to.

Okay.

So factor that into your don't choose yet, of course.

Okay, I'm not sure.

Factor that in.

Okay.

All right.

Chris, any other questions here?

Yes.

Could Mark's voice be turned into an air horn?

Interesting.

So like sort of as a celebratory when you finally ejaculate .

Yeah.

Sorry to say ejaculate twice in this program by the way people are creeped up by that word.

But.

It's a very comy word.

It really is just a comy, webby word.

But sorry to say that.

But when you ejaculate, all of a sudden you'd hear Mark go.

Exactly.

And that would be a celebratory air horn.

The fact that you got off.

Or I sort of read it as I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

Sorry, the topic.

Sorry, nice lady.

Unless.

Oh, but what if you try to ejaculate but your dick has been poked?

Oh, and then it just comes out your nose?

Is that what you're trying to say?

And you have come sweats?

Mm-hmm.

I don't know.

I did not foresee this happening in this area.

Well, I just, you know, if we're talking about, you know, my intention to actually go into the priesthood.

Right.

Okay, so in this scenario, Mark Marin narrates all of your sexual experiences and you have been poked.

And I've been poked.

Yeah, the ultimate honor.

Yeah.

So maybe it's when I'm, I'm about to ejaculate and he does a ah, it's that sort of like the price is right, failure noise because I'm not going to ejac ulate and then just yeah, yeah, comes out like a, like a come scanners.

Yeah.

Come scanners.

Great movie.

Is that the title of this episode?

Maybe come scanners.

We'll see.

Um, do you have a question, uh, JT?

Um, yeah, let me just use question.

Yeah, please.

How, what, what do you guys, I just broke up my girlfriend recently.

Okay.

And, uh, have you guys ever been on JT?

Are you, are you doing a bit during the act during, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, but no, I have not been, I'm not Jewish myself, but have you?

I want to go on, but I'm not Jewish.

Okay.

So I, uh, I decided I was going to pretend I'm Jewish.

So I signed up and, uh, this girl shut up and she's like, are you Jewish?

And I'm like, I live in Hollywood.

She was like, all right.

No, no, no.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

I was, I was thinking about something else.

What, how big is the horn?

It's my question.

Great question.

How big is the horn?

Yeah.

It's, uh, it's about the size of a people mover.

Okay.

And you have to carry it wherever you go.

Okay.

Got it.

Yeah.

Just in case some bad news happens and you have to deliver it just in case a friend of a friend dies and you're the one calling them up.

You have to have that horn at the ready.

Okay.

Is, does Marin have to live with me?

Yes.

Okay.

Yeah.

See, he gets to live with you.

He gets to live with me.

Okay.

Because my other question was if he doesn't, does he, was he trapped in some sort of a Dr. Manhattan style reactor that makes him universally present?

That's when I say that he lives with you.

That's what I mean is he's universally present via a Dr.

Matt.

That's a little Christy.

Yeah.

He's, you know, what he thinks about himself, I think.

I think so.

Yeah.

So he doesn't live in your actual like apartment with you and he takes the form of Mark Marin that we all know while he lives in your apartment.

Right.

Okay.

But he also is everywhere.

Does he chip in on rent?

Mmm.

Well, he's technically not physically occupying the space.

Yeah.

Although he does want his own bedroom.

Yeah.

But that's the argument he uses.

So that's how he gets out of it.

So he doesn't have to pay like, well, technically I'm not really here.

But hey, do you mind shutting the door behind you?

Oh, you coming?

Ah!

Sorry.

So you can see it would be a really fun, fun roommate situation going on.

Any other questions here to help you?

I think they're florists to you.

JT, anything?

Do you remember when they had those lady condoms?

Sort of.

I mean, I think they still do.

Yeah.

They still do that.

They still, I don't think they have them anymore.

They don't have any?

Maybe they don't.

Do they?

I don't know.

I've never really- You might want to check that out before you.

What if your dick was so big you can only use a lady condom on your dick?

It's not bad, actually.

It'd be pretty neat.

Okay.

That's not bad.

Okay.

There you go.

What if?

But then- Just throwing that out there.

You need to follow it up with like, acting it out or- Acting it out.

Yeah, yeah.

So like, so it'd be like, what if the lady condom that was, I had to use on my dick and it would be like, so then you'd sit and take your dick out and put the condom on it.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

You misunderstand.

Are you treating a lady like a condom?

No, I'm saying if you had a dick that was so big you could only use a lady condom on it.

I'm saying use the art of mine.

Are those the lyrics- The French art of mine.

Those are the lyrics for condom style.

Oh, that's right.

Whoa.

That guy reminds me of Kim Jong-il.

No, that- No, no, no, no, no, no.

I said that earlier.

I said that- No, the guy in condom style, this is a totally different job.

Totally different.

No, no, no, no.

It's the same thing as- Totally different joke and a really funny one.

No, no, no, no.

Sorry for that, Tarr.

We're going to share that.

We're going to have- What have a duel?

We're going to do it in the odd months.

I'll do it in the even months.

That is such bullshit.

All right, I'm going to close the floor for questions.

Here we go, closing it down and it's time to vote.

Chris, how do you like to vote, sir?

I think, you know, I don't mean to break the rules here, but I really feel like I got to go Mark Marin as an air horn every time you would- Never been done before!

But you are maybe the first person to do it, but it shows you're out of the box- Very exciting.

It just happened.

So he's picking both.

JT, it comes to you.

Did he slip up there or is this your time to steal?

For me, because I am used to air horns and I like podcasts, the answer is pretty clear.

I would rather have Mark Marin narrate my fucking- I don't know.

You said it was pretty clear because you love air horns, though.

I like air horns.

But I like podcasts, so I'm used to air horns, so the air horn wouldn't bother me as much as Mark Marin.

The answer is Mark Marin.

Wait, Mark Marin would bother you, so you're picking Mark Marin?

You don't know who fucking Mark Marin is!

Okay, I want him to meet him.

I want to be on it.

Can I change my answer?

Sure.

The floor will all out.

I choose pickles.

Pickles.

Okay, let's tally up the points here.

Let's see.

I feel like JT had no idea what was happening.

No, I did.

I did.

And Chris picked something that does not exist.

Pickles.

But- The first thing they don't exist in reality?

Yeah, no they don't.

Have you ever seen one?

No.

I have.

I've eaten a lot of pickles.

No.

You haven't.

When you really think about it, because you don't exist and only I exist.

Oh, so in yourselves, there's a universe, there are no pick les.

There are no pickles.

You created them.

But I understand, but if I created them, then I'm a spin- off of your reality.

Yes!

Exactly.

You're my Joe Phillips.

Right.

So, but then how would I, if you hadn't thought, how would I be able to think of- You have free will.

Oh.

Pickle paradox.

And, uh, telling you of the points, it looks like the pick le paradox wins.

Yay!

Congratulations, Chris Harder, because they're a winner, and that's how we play, would you rather- Good game, guys.

That was fun.

Tight.

Tight race.

Yup.

It really was.

Um.

And tight jokes.

Super tight.

A lot of callbacks to earlier parts of the show.

Callback.

Yeah, callback two things.

Do you know what a callback is?

Yes.

That's a good one.

Yeah.

Do you know what a callback is?

Yeah, it's when you, uh, when you say something, and then right away you say it again.

It's almost like you do a joke.

You're just talking about repeating it.

That's called repeating.

That's like a verbal tick.

It's a callback.

No, you'd be like, uh, hey, uh, fucking Obama, uh, you shut up.

Obama shut up.

That's how you call him back to jokey bait.

Yeah, it just sounds like you have Tourette's or something.

No.

Alright.

Well, uh, there's only one last thing to do, and that is, of course, a little something we call plugs.

Yeah, plugs.

Plugs.

Oh!

Plugs.

What's up, I'm the memorial crew.

Plugs.

Oh, yeah, that was nice.

That was Deadbeat Dad with Paul F. Plughouse.

It sounded like the show went out again for a second.

Like, you got flipped over to the inner station.

I don't know.

If you have a plug-seam for the What's Up Hot Talk Memorial plug section, go ahead and go to yourwolf.com and put it in the comedy bang bang message boards under the appropriate thread and you can be famous for a week and Deadbeat Dad, your famous this week, congratulations.

Actually, you're only famous for half a week.

I feel bad for the, we have double show this week.

Deadbeat Dad, you're only gonna be famous for a few days.

Famous fleeting.

Yeah, that's true.

It's a good lesson for you to learn.

Don't ever try so hard.

Try things.

Yes.

So, let's get to it.

Let's open up the old plug bag and Chris, what do we got?

Of course, we have this Saturday.

Saturday, November 10th, Comedy Central.

It's amazing.

I believe it's, Mandroid is especially.

Is it called, when people are looking for it and searching for it, do they search Mandroid?

Do they search Comedy Central Presents?

Do they search Chris Hardwick?

I think all of those things would have good NCL.

But all of those words in the search.

Sure.

Chris Hardwick, Mandroid Comedy Central.

And it'll come up.

It's funny.

Also, hashtag funny.

Do you do one hour straight or is it spliced together like your best stuff?

Or just your 12 minutes set over and over five times?

It was one hour straight.

It was actually about 75 minutes and they cut it down and then on the DVD.

75 minutes on it.

Good for you.

So that and then Talking Dead is on Sunday nights and then the Nerdist Podcast.

Talking Dead is where there's a TV show called The Walking Dead.

Yes.

And what you...

We talk about it.

And it's called The Talking Dead.

Mm-hmm.

They were first, by the way.

I just want to make it clear.

Yeah.

They built The Walking Dead around their show.

We were talking about this show and then they were like, we better make it.

We better make it.

And so they did.

And then Zaines and December and Nashville and Chicago and then...

And the Nerdist Podcast.

And of course.

Which you can hear sometimes twice a week just like we're doing this week.

Three times.

Three times a week.

How do you do it?

You should do a show about zombie baseball players called The Ballking Dead.

We did that with the Farooza Ball.

It's better.

It is better.

Because everyone knows who Farooza Ball is.

It's a better team.

They love her.

Farooza returned to Oz.

Yeah.

And the craft.

Yeah.

I'm going to go.

There's a really huge Farooza Ball statue.

Yes.

Out in the middle of town square in Hollywood.

Yep.

That's right.

Yeah.

You should be one about...

Zombie contractors called The Talking Dead.

That's actually not bad.

That is not a bad idea.

That's mine though.

I'm sorry.

I already mailed it to the Writers Guild.

I mean the point is...

What?

What is the fucking Writers Guild?

He has an e-white board that sends everything to...

Everything I write on this board gets mailed to the writers .

I mean you call the fucking joke the podcast.

You can do your joke at the milk bar but...

Oh I will.

I think they got some more famous so people are going to think you stole it from him.

Bullshit.

They're going to know it's mine.

That's a typical J.T.

McDowell joke.

It kind of is.

It is.

Can we calm down for a second and just for your plugs?

Sorry.

Because I do want to let you plug everything you need to plug.

Yes.

You're a good sport about being on the show.

Thank you man.

Thank you for all.

Thank you guys so much.

I plugged my Twitter at the real J.T.

McDowell.

We got your Tumblr which is J.T.

I'm going to set that up.

A.S.A.D.

McDowell.

Tumblr at Tumblr.

Click like on Facebook and going to kill you.

I will be at the Alhambra Spookyville.

I'm just working there.

Does it your round thing?

No that's just a seasonal Halloween thing.

I'll be there next week.

Next year.

Because it's November.

Fuck.

Yeah.

Okay I missed that one.

Did anyone actually book you for that or you're just going to show up there?

I just show up there and just kind of work for a couple of.

And then I'm going to be at Jason's house the week after that.

What about Larry?

Was it Larry?

Larry?

Remember Ex-Larry?

No no Terry.

Terry I'm sorry.

Yeah no Terry.

And then in whole reality I think the Mindy Project.

Oh is that one of your favorite shows?

It's on 9.30 on Tuesday night.

I love the cast on that.

First of all you have Mindy who's great.

She's amazing.

Can't call her a friend of the show even though she's a friend.

Right.

Never been on the show before.

She asked you should come on the show.

She should come on the show.

I send her fan letters so I can make that happen.

Okay good.

And then you have a great cast other than that including God who's on that show?

Yeah.

Christmasina.

Oh so good from the newsroom.

So powerful on the newsroom.

Damages.

And Argo.

Argo.

Julia and Julia.

Remember?

Oh I quaved.

Call back.

Bucking ultimate callback.

That actually occurred.

Oscar winning.

But you win.

It's a really funny show.

You should slam down these microphones that are attached to both.

Oh I hear them.

But there's a great guy Ike Barronholt.

That's your.

Yeah yeah yeah.

Yeah he's funny.

He's alright he's okay.

I'm more of a fan of the other cast members but that show I think is.

That shows a good show.

It's a funny show and people should watch it.

Yeah.

Alright well I want to plug just come out and see me only in the summer.

I tour during the summer.

Best time.

Best time to tour.

I'm doing my new jokes.

Two prez.

Dookie Kookie.

Flem in my blood.

I'm doing the Cocking Dead stuff.

It's just patented.

Come scanners.

I'm doing it all.

I'll be trying out all the hits this year.

From just this episode.

Yeah.

So if you want to hear me say those five things like I just said them.

Yeah.

I'll be doing it this summer so I'll see you there and we 'll have a new episode out on Monday.

I believe it's pronounced episode and that's it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

What do you say?

Closing up the plug bag.

Mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle.

Dizzy the world in a blue.

Mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle.

That is the closing up the plug bag theme by Camarino Casey Wilson and Bro remix and guys that's it.

This has been our show.

Thank you so much.

Best day in my life, man.

Best day in my life.

You're supporting comedy and local comedians.

And do that by going on your Twitter and seeing all this crazy shit.

Check it out man crazy shit.

Yeah.

It's just put up a great Pat in the Oswald set last week fucking unbelievable.

Like 90 minutes of it.

Check it out.

It's great stuff.

Awesome.

All right Chris.

Thank you so much for being here.

JT.

Thanks and we'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪ Here it goes ♪ This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information visit earwolf.com.

♪ Earwolf radio boom.com ♪ The world's dead.

dead.
