---
layout: page
title: 186. Paul F. Tompkins, Julie Klausner, Jake Fogelnest [14858⧸21070].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

I'm walking here. That's what you're gonna say because we have two New York mainstays on the show today. Jake Foglen est and Julie Closner.

Boy, it's a New York state of mind. Also, speaking of New York, someone who lived in New York, who grew up in New York.

Famous director Gary Marshall is here. All of that and more on today's...

♪♪ Welcome to Broccoli Bling, I'm your ghost Scott Ocherman.

Hmm, not bad. Good catchphrase. Thank you, George, George Ishew for Malcolm de Broccoli Bling Bling.

I'm your ghost Scott Ocherman. Ah, it's a good one.

George Ishew!

Avla Jody Shoe, until next catchphrase.

Welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang. We're having a good time here today. It's an afternoon delight.

I should say more shows in the afternoon. Normally we do it at about four in the morning and everyone is tired as shit and not enjoying it.

But today, 1 p.m. Not bad. Not bad. Welcome to the show. We have a great one for you today.

You're ready for Comedy Gold. I hope you're... If you've been panning for Comedy Gold, you're about to strike it rich.

We have several great, great, great, great, great, great, great on the show. They're great, great, great, great on the show. They're great, great, great on the show.

And first of all, we have two friends on the show, which by the way, if you listen to the show, most people on the show do not like each other.

I think that that is pretty apparent after listening to 100 and whatever 200 episodes of the show. People hate each other.

Okay, so it's always a pleasure to have two people who are actually friends who have actually known each other for a while, who have a great rapport, as the French would say.

I think the French would say that, wouldn't they? I don't know. The Roger. No French. A rapport.

No!

And they're sitting here in front of me, and it's... Is it safe to say you're New York celebrities?

Yes. I'd say personality. Yeah, I'd say it's really safe to say that. We're New York Mainstays. Mainstays good?

Yes.

Okay, first of all, to my left, he's wearing a runaway t- shirt. I can't tell if it's the band the Runaways or the movie the Runaways.

It's actually just runaways in general, just children that are in serious trouble.

So they've decided to stop advertising on milk cartons and instead on your body.

On my t-shirts.

Jake Foglenes is here, you know, from Sirius Radio, from Comedy, from Wet Hot American Summer.

Yes.

What did you do in Wet Hot American Summer? Tell the nice people.

I was kicked out of camp early for masturbating in Jeanine Grafalo's office, and then they cut it out.

Is that a euphemism for her vagina? No, no, no, no. It was actually her... She plays the camp director in the film.

She plays the band's actual office.

Okay.

Yes, and you can see that in the movie, and then there was an ending, original ending to Wet Hot American Summer, where they find the tape.

And it is literally the creepiest thing ever. It was too creepy.

Too creepy to stay in the movie.

Yeah, we're just going to take that out, watching a young boy.

I wonder if Fonzie's office was a euphemism for his vagina.

Yeah, we'll talk about that later.

Now, to your left, directly in front of me, we have, first of all, a redhead.

Obviously, yes.

Which is unique to this studio.

I think pretty colors. I see pretty colors in my eyes.

I don't believe I've ever had a redhead on the show.

Uh-oh.

I interviewed Ron Howard on the IFC Interstitials that I did, but that was the first redhead I'd ever interviewed.

You never met?

I never met.

Yeah.

Um, but Julie Clousner is here.

Hello.

She has a podcast, of course, How Was Your Week?

It was, yes, it is.

This was the week that was your week.

Yes, that's what it's called. It's called Best Week Ever.

Best week ever.

And I was cut out of Step Mom. I was masturbating, and nobody cared.

So it was on the cutting room floor.

That was a strange divergent plot line in Step Mom.

It was an important divergent plot line.

It really was.

What does a divergent mean?

It means important, right?

I said important twice in that lesson.

That was where the kids in Step Mom just walked in on you.

You were a stranger who had broken into the house, right?

I had met them once.

You play yourself.

It's your actually Julie Clousner.

Julie Clousner, I work at Dwayne Reed. That's how I met them.

It was a transaction, but I considered a meeting.

Okay.

Yeah.

It was a really good movie with me.

How was looking at me like that?

It was Julia to work with, huh?

Ms. Roberts.

Oh, Julia?

Yeah.

Wasn't she in that movie?

She was challenging.

Yeah.

This was her pre-motor days.

Oh, okay.

As challenging as Spielberg found her to be during Hook.

I thought she was a dream in Hook.

No, it's tough, it was Glenn Close, because she wouldn't take that beard off.

She was like, I get to play a man. This is like pre-Albert knobs.

I'm sure.

And she wouldn't take that off.

Do you sort of write a little life sort of before Albert kn obs and then after Albert knobs?

In fact, I do.

P-A-H, pre-Albert knobs.

Wait, H?

H?

At Albert Hobbs.

That was Albert Hobb knobs, which was the cookie.

Oh, right.

To Biscuit that came out in Great Britain.

To be fair, Albert knobs hobnobbed a little bit in that movie, so I'm not completely wrong.

It was originally called Albert Hobb knobbing around.

And it wasn't Albert Hobbs, and it was just him, and he had like a stuffed tiger that he thought talked, but it didn't.

Mm-hmm.

That was, yeah, that was another really weird plot line.

They just abandoned after a little while.

To be fair, it did in his imagination.

It is imagination.

Yeah.

If you watch that movie and imagine him seeing a tiger everywhere, it's actually way more interesting.

It's definitely better.

What I have is a cool bumper sticker on my car, and it's Glenn Close, and she's like peeing on stuff.

Yeah, you're totally angry.

How do you two know each other go?

Well.

We met at, uh, McManus probably.

You probably met at McManus.

What is McManus?

I'm tired of this shit.

It was like the mud club.

Yeah, it was like the mud club if you are a nerd improviser in 2000.

In 2000?

You keep saying things I have no idea what you're talking about.

What is the mud club?

The mud club was a place that let a new wave bands play in new.

Knew what?

Guys, take it back.

We met at the Upright Citizens Brigade.

We met at the Red Head.

Oh, okay.

Upright, okay.

So you met at a...

New York, yeah.

Do you remember your first meeting?

I do.

You do?

I don't tell you.

We met at Ask Cat and I was there with Marcel.

Oh, okay.

She said this is my friend Jake.

Right.

And we hung out that night.

Were you, uh, like interning for Marcel in Bus Magazine?

No.

Just Marcel was just cool.

Someone that I knew.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

She'd introduce me to you.

Who is this Marcel?

Do you know, uh, do you know Ruby Carp?

She's like nine or ten years old and she writes for Hello G iggles and does Ask Cat model or something.

I have run into Ruby Carp a few times, yes.

That Marcel is Ruby's mom.

Oh, okay.

Then I do know Marcel.

Okay.

So you did, there was just what?

Spark.

You guys knew a rapport.

I felt when I met, I'm gonna be sincere.

I felt when I met you that I'd known you forever.

Aw.

And I still do feel like you're the brother I never had in a lot of ways.

Maybe one day I'll feel that too.

No.

I know.

I thought Julie was the funniest person ever.

And also one of the male or female?

Yeah.

All right.

I mean, for those of you who can't see what just happened, Scott Ock just pointed.

Like I was in to kill him out.

Like a Snoop's trial.

It's like we were on the Wally George show.

Isn't the Snoop's trial or is it the Snoop's trial?

Isn't the Snoop's trial.

The Snoop's trial is the Harry Potter.

When they put that website that you look up, uh, like if things are true or not.

Is it the slope that's?

Scopes.

Mm.

That sounds different.

I was thinking and hoping it was.

Because it sounds like a toothpaste and that's why it doesn 't sound right to you.

You can't.

The Snoop trial.

The Snoop has it.

Okay.

Hold on.

Scope has a toothpaste.

Let's look this up, Brad.

It does.

It has to have a toothpaste.

Anyone who has a mouthwash has branched out into the tooth paste business and vice versa.

I don't think they should.

They should.

I think they should keep it sacred.

I think they have a.

You know, if you make a really good thing, you don't have to keep up with the Joneses.

And I don't know that the Joneses make toothpaste, but I'm just saying.

You do good work at Scope.

Yeah.

They do good work.

Keep being the best Scope.

Yeah.

At what you do and never branch out.

Is that what they were on trial for?

I, uh.

Scopes, Mr. and Mrs. Scopes.

I'm not going to move on.

Mr. and Mrs. Scopes.

Um, that's my favorite Brad Pit film, by the way, Mrs. Sc opes.

Okay, we have an answer.

We have crest plus scope.

I am right.

Once again.

Thank you so much.

It's really more about the crest than that.

It's really more about the crest.

But scope is in the mix.

Yeah, it's a licensing deal.

It would not be wrong to say, hey, I'm going to have some, go get me some scope toothpaste.

It would not be wrong.

It would be.

I'd be in the store for a long time.

I'd be like, I can't find the scope.

Crust.

Oh, this has scope and it may be.

This is what you need.

It's prominently figured on the box.

Okay, scope is prominently figured.

I would say it has at least a third.

It has a bottom third.

It doesn't have name above the title.

It's not above the title.

You're right.

It's crest and then toothpaste.

The title is toothpaste.

Crest in toothpaste.

With.

Featuring.

Let's go.

Introducing.

And introducing.

Um, and Julie, tell us, tell us about New York and, and just crazy things that happen in New York and.

I mean, wow.

Well, now how.

People would, uh, people would know your work from your podcast, obviously, but you also wrote a great book.

Thank you.

I'm not joining your band about a musician who was very picky.

It's not called.

What's that?

It's called, it's not called that.

What was it called?

Again.

Why are you giggling?

Cause I know the answer.

I'm just asking dumb questions.

But what did you call it again?

I'm not joining your band.

Fantastic book.

About an in demand session player.

Yeah.

Oh, it was in the point of view of an in demand session.

Yeah.

Who was like, I just want to be a session.

Constantly turning down.

I can't be tied up.

Doesn't, doesn't like the road is this total studio rat.

He's a real studio rat.

Can I?

I know it's a bummer.

I don't like it when people call themselves rats and then they put the location of the place that they hang out in first, like Jim rats.

Yeah.

I don't know.

It's kind of, I would never want to be known as a rat.

I'm a lot of a mat rat.

What's up?

I'm a mat rat.

This is what you should go.

No, what is your book?

I don't care about your band.

And it was a memoir.

It was a memoir.

And it was all about you and people that you, your journey for self discovery.

Okay.

As a session.

You should have just called the book.

I love jazz.

Do you think I love jazz?

No.

But in all seriousness, you care for jazz quite the time.

It does set a mood, but that's about it.

Yeah.

In all seriousness, what is the book about?

It's about you.

It was about you.

It was about my twenties.

Your twenties.

My twenties, that crazy era.

You work in the twenties basically.

That's what I put on Amazon as a tag.

You're 20 in 1920.

That's a lot of people knew if they haven't ever seen you before, need to visualize you.

You are 112.

I am a ghost.

Yeah, you're a ghost.

Yeah.

Andy, it's a very funny book.

I got it the week before it came out.

I remember we tweeted each other about that.

Is that true?

Because I tweeted, oh, I just picked up Julie Closner's book and you were like, it's not out yet.

And I was like, it isn't.

Oh, did you get it at like a used bookstore?

No, it was, no, it was, it was being sold in New York.

In Valley form.

In that central park.

What is that bookstore right next to Central Park?

Like Borders or something like that huge.

Uh-huh.

The one on 57 Street.

It wasn't Valley form.

They just put it out on the shelves or something.

Well, it's a street date.

They couldn't wait to get it out there.

My street team was too eager.

So I like to think that- I have a street.

Yeah.

I like to think that if you got any reorders, it's because I bought it early.

Like the minute they put it out on the shelves, they're like, well, we may as well put this out.

No one's ever got it.

I love that.

That's so- I would say it's cool, but it's probably not very cool.

But it's a great book.

You have a television show coming out about it.

No, I mean, it was option, but yeah, it was very exciting when it was optioned.

But I mean, that's the proof of its quality is that- It's the television show.

It was optioned in Hollywood.

Yeah.

Well, work it was a book originally.

It was.

Work it was a book.

It's a novel.

The Bible.

It was based on the Bible.

It was?

Yeah, work it.

Yeah.

I don't understand.

Like, I would have watched more of those.

Like, they made more of those.

They only showed two.

There's got to be at least four that exist, right?

Yeah, they should just put them out somewhere.

You know, in this new digital landscape that we're in, there's a place for work.

You're in the digital landscape.

There's a digital landscape that we're in now.

Oh, man.

I'm sorry I got you started on that.

That show was funny.

It made me laugh.

Do people remember it?

Because it was only like, I don't think it was too episode.

No, I mean, well, of course we all know we're taking this year in advance.

It was six months ago, year in advance.

Yeah, it's like this very much like the newsroom, which has since been canceled.

Yeah, of course.

I hope so.

Um, tell us, Julie, you have a podcast, Jake.

You have a podcast.

Well, how did that happen?

Apple in 2007 created a thing called the iTunes Music Store .

It was sort of like an offshoot of Napsters and it created, it really changed the digital landscape.

Oh my God.

No, I started a podcast here at this fine organization.

That's right.

You're welcome.

And it, yes, it's live from the UCB Theater once a month, where you show a bunch of cool clips of things and then have comedians on and talk about them.

It's called the Fogle Nest Files.

The Fogle Nest Files.

And it's very funny.

It's one of the only shows that we do here where it's like a live audience laughing at the show and, and it's filmed before a live studio audience , much like Cheers.

You should put that at the beginning.

It should be fun.

The Fogle Nest Files is filmed before a live studio audience.

And Julie, yours is, I'm not joining your week.

Yes, that it's called, I don't want to be a part of your revolution.

It's called I'm a session musician.

I've got a few things to say.

It's a long time.

People have only listened to my music up to this point.

It is a, it is a lady cast because I have a lady and apparently that's a really big deal.

And I've been doing it for, well, we take this year in advance.

So right.

You've been doing it for a while.

It's great.

A lot of people love it.

What is the tone of it?

What do you do?

Rock us.

Rock us?

Yeah.

Say it to me.

Yeah.

It's rock us.

If you had to describe it in, okay, multi part question.

If you had to describe your podcast in one sentence, how would you describe it?

I'd say, part B, part B, if you had to describe it in three words, how would you describe it?

And part C, if you had to describe it in negative two words , how would you describe it?

I'd say in the sentence part.

It's a rock us podcast.

There's a lot of fun.

If I were to describe it in three words and say, I'd say this rock us podcast and then I just put in the lip, says, to try it off.

Negative two words.

Really?

Uh huh.

You're going to have to take rock us and fun back.

I'm so sorry.

Oh really?

Yeah.

You don't get those two.

So what remains?

Well, it's minus rock us and fun.

What is negative two words?

What do I like?

Drug?

Do like a shoulder isolation?

That would be negative two plus drug.

I have an abstract thought capacity.

So if you were to go pitch your podcast to, uh, as a TV show, then what you're saying is you would walk into the meeting and say, it's a rock us podcast that's lots of fun and they would say, oh, okay, we'll buy it.

Um, okay.

And I came here for tips.

So I'm writing this all down.

Okay, good.

Thank you for that.

No, tell the listeners what, what do you do?

You talk to people.

Yes, I have a little, uh, thing at the beginning where I sort of talked to myself and then I have two guests and the first guest usually goes for about 15 minutes and the two are the guests.

Like what types of people?

Well, we have comedians on.

We also have authors, which I college girl.

I prefer coed.

Okay.

Um, we have people come in and talk about the books they wrote, uh huh, which I like a lot.

You've had, and who are some of the great guests you've had on you?

Joan Rivers on, I believe.

Yeah.

Um, she was great.

And, uh, who are some of your favorite guests you've ever had?

Well, there's this woman named Katie Natopoulos, who's an editor for Buzzfeed.com and she collects these internet oddities and weirdos and knows things that are online that no one else knows about and she comes on and talks about stuff that is just completely shocking and like fantastic.

Interesting.

Katie has the like special brain that like will, uh, think of like, I'm going to type in my Katana sword into YouTube instead of just Katana sword.

I'm going to type in my Katana sword because then she'll find videos of guys showing off their Katana swords and, and it, and then they're great.

Yeah.

And she belongs to all these message boards, like a body building message boards and she uses, uh, the username wheelchair girl.

So no one will be mean to her.

And then she just finds posts from these characters.

Like on the bodybuilding website, there's this guy named Mr . Eggs who posts mostly about eggs.

Um, in, uh, in like nutrition forums and, um, and people were worried about him because I guess he hadn't been posting for a few days and someone said, so he wouldn't heard from Mr. Eggs.

There's been a couple of nutrition topics.

Whenever eggs are mentioned, he sort of shows.

Yeah.

So she found him and I just love Katie so much.

She's not one of those people who's like, uh, one of those trolls who's like trying to get on that trolling website.

I've heard about it.

What's the trolling website?

It's, uh, the trolling website.com and it is vicious.

Is it?

Uh, it is awful.

Who trolls the trolls?

Uh, I think Katie does.

No, Katie, uh, is, is just a, uh, she's just studies internet culture in a very fascinating way and, uh, and is, and is so normal in real life and, uh, it's, it's, uh, disconcerting.

I gotta meet her.

Yo, you gotta meet Katie Nutopolis.

Damn.

Damn, Scott.

I can't believe you have a Mac Katie Nutopolis yet.

What you doing, son?

All right, guys.

Let's take a break.

We're going to come back with Jake.

We're going to come back with Julie.

We have a special guest coming up.

Um, there's, there's more comedy bang bang after.

By the way, this is both of your first time on the show.

So I'm very, uh, we, that should be noted to, uh, historians.

Um, we will come, we will come back with more comedy back back after this.

Cause, uh, uh, comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Jake Fogan.

As we're back with, we'll back with Julie Klaus.

No God.

What is wrong with my mouth?

And, uh, that's a fun game to play.

What is wrong with my mouth?

That Gracho Marx used to host that, right?

Yeah.

I've seen kenoscopes.

What is wrong with my mouth?

Oh, the doom on television network.

Watch as I bust out my classic groucho.

Oh, thank God.

Bear in mind.

I picked up a pen and I'm shaking it like a cigar.

You're shaking it.

You're going to be like a cigar.

Yeah.

Here we go.

Ready?

Okay.

Hey, what's wrong with my mouth?

Classic groucho.

It's that classic, ocarmy groucho.

Oh, I love it.

You just did a, like a vaudeville, like a Jew.

Like how someone would play a Jew in like vaudeville times.

That was your question.

Um, guys, we're, I'm very excited because we have a, a third guest on the show.

This rarely ever happens.

And he's a legend.

We all know his work.

I'm sure that, um, I mean me growing up in the seventies and eighties, I have been influenced by his work.

You guys are, are much younger than I.

And um, not that I'm an old man.

Certainly, you know, I mean, hey, you know, I'm young at heart.

You see me on TV.

You know approximately what age I am.

This intro is because it's now about you.

But um, you guys love him.

I love him.

The audience at large loves him.

Please welcome Gary Marshall.

Hey, finally you stop talking.

Boy, oh boy, you know, I don't have a lot of days left on this earth, Scott.

Mr Marshall, please call me Gary.

Oh, thank you.

I think I will.

Thank you so much.

I will take for a limited time at my discretion.

You will know when it's no longer time to call me Gary, but you must refer back to Mr.

Marshall.

All right, Gary.

Everyone is reaching for the headphones now that I have arrived on the scene.

Yes.

All right.

It gets a very concerned about hearing damage and getting to night us from appearing on the podcast with me.

A lot of people don't know that that is how Pete Townsend got tonight.

That's right.

He we shared a long car ride.

I was interested in making a situation comedy out of the who I saw the monkeys.

I was like, Hey, wait a second.

I understand why that didn't work.

Let me apply the same principle to these four guys.

It's going to be a smash hit.

So me and Pete, we drove from Oxford to Liverpool.

And I was back.

It's a great drive back.

It's beautiful.

You know, we should take that drive if they haven't.

It's not as long as you think because the whole country of England, it's right.

It's the size of Queens.

So we're driving around and, you know, he's driving because I'm not going to get behind the wheel on the wrong side of the car.

I'm not crazy.

So we're going to double deck our bus.

Yeah, we were.

That's right.

And so I was extra allowed to do that because I'm on the top deck yelling down to him.

Here's what it should be.

Instead of four doors leading into one place, you got four separate apartments all accessed by one door.

He says, that's just a house.

I said, give me a chance to finish.

Why don't you?

Mr. Marshall, I please call me Gary.

Thank you.

Gary Scott, you must now call me Mr. Marshall.

Damn.

Only one of you may call me Gary.

Oh, Mr. Marshall Gary.

I actually it's sort of become the your who project sort of become sort of show business legend.

And I actually read a script and I was curious about the choice to have Keith Moon play a baby in the show.

That came out of this guy's personality.

He's a he's a wild man.

He's crazy.

I'm like, he acts like a baby.

There's no impulse control.

Let's just make him a baby.

We'll put him in a diaper.

Everybody's going to laugh at it.

And they did.

Wait, you made the show.

Oh, yes.

And then of course I made the show.

I funded it with my own money.

This is one of your passion projects.

That's right.

Look, I'm rich.

What's this money for?

If not to make more television and to make people know and be in a diaper.

That's right.

Everybody wanted to see it.

How much money did it take to get Keith Moon in that diaper ?

Believe me, this son of a bitch, he held us up right before we're about to roll.

He says, Oh, now that I think about it, maybe I'd like a million more pounds.

Now at that time, the exchange rate from pounds to dollars was $1 equal.

I think it was like 40,000 pounds.

So it was no big deal, right?

Oh, no, that was really big deal.

They would do worse than Italy at that point.

Oh, I have it wrong.

I thought that you meant that $1 would get you 40,000 pounds.

Is that?

No, that is right.

Yeah, it's like, yeah, you got Italy and they say, I want a cup of espresso and they say, okay, that'll be 1 billion lira.

And you're like, Oh, no, what am I going to do?

And then they see you have a quarter in your pocket.

They're like, Hey, this guy, where's your monocle, sir?

Then you pull out your monocle and that's right.

I put in my sometimes I use the quarter as a monocle for a joke.

Everyone laughs, which is why you actually have that string tied to your quarter.

You drilled a little hole in your quarter.

Yeah, no, please don't say that on the microphone because I 've defaced us.

Kurt's there could go to jail, but it's also because you leave a quarter on certain tables, abandoned tables.

And then when people reach down and pick it up, you pull it away from them.

Scott, you know so much about me.

I'm restoring you.

I'm restoring you Gary privileges.

Thank you so much.

Please call me Mr. Marshall.

Yes, Mr. Marshall.

Gary Julie has a question for you.

Yes.

Hi, what shall I call you?

The only question.

Please call me something and then I will tell you to call me something else.

Gary, what shall I call you?

Please call me Mr. Ma.

Yeah, I'm the only one who can call him Gary.

Oh, I don't like that.

Wow.

Please call me Mr. Marshall.

Julie, you may now call me Gary.

Gary.

Damn it.

Yes, sweetheart, please.

What's your question?

What are you statement?

I'll accept both.

Gary, do you still love television?

I still love television.

Evan worked in that medium for so long.

I've been trying to get back.

I got this new project that I'm working on.

I'm very excited about it.

I think it's going to be the thing that brings me back the network television.

Oh my God.

I'm so excited to hear about it.

You should be.

Probably on another show because you're probably keeping that very guarded.

Yeah, good idea.

Great.

Good idea.

You probably want to read about it in the train.

No, no, good idea.

OK, good, good.

Do you watch current television show?

I watch it all the time.

I like it.

What's your favorite?

Let's see.

B.S.G.

Battle Star Galactica.

I love Battle Star Galactica.

T.O.S.

The original series.

Yeah.

What else do I like?

Do you watch Breaking Bad?

What's that?

Breaking Bad, it's a show about a school teacher.

And then he gets like.

Like, welcome back, Kata.

No, it's a little different.

It is a little different.

Welcome back, Kata.

Yeah, it is a little different.

It sounds fun.

I guess I guess you're right, because at the end of every Breaking Bad, Walter White is like, Julie, did I have a tell you about the time that my cousin Larry?

Like, that happens at the same time.

He's got the same wife as Kata?

Yeah, he's a Julie Kata.

That seems on original.

No, it's not.

It was like a crossover thing.

Is it Masha Strassman re-preasing the role of Julie Kata?

Yes, it is.

I'm glad she's working again.

She's a terrific girl.

Yeah.

I'm just kidding.

Do you want to hear about my project?

Oh, really?

I do.

OK, sure.

I mean, I guess so.

I mean, he's a legend.

To be honest, I can go either way.

It's a family sitcom based on this family that I found, a performing family.

They're called the Tractenburg Family Slice Festival.

I love them.

They're terrific.

I'm a mountain trip.

You are a mountain trip.

Yeah, so how do you know about them?

They were where you are the new New York Band stays.

Oh, that's right.

I've been living here.

He's saying mountain trip to Japan.

Yeah.

That's right.

I took my you know about them.

Sure.

I took my cousin to see them when he was only in town for two days.

And he was like, what is there to do in LA?

And I was like, I don't know.

You're asking the wrong person.

I'll take you to see this weird family of beatniks that have slide projectors.

Yeah.

OK.

And he was like, that was very interesting afterwards.

So get Mr. Marshall.

Well, please call me Mr. Maja.

Gary.

Hey, a lot of seconds.

Hey, you're not listening to his wishes.

My mr. Marchell is unheard of.

No one has ever defied me.

You're going to be a man.

I'm going to be Mr. Maja.

I just please apologize.

Please.

You should say you're sorry.

Mr. Marshall, please apologize.

Don't just my don't just correct your behavior.

No, I was I was I was I appreciate the correction leading up to the apology.

Scott Scott.

Let the kids talk.

Call me Mr. Ockerman.

Oh, this is whoa.

Whoa.

I was out of line for a I admit I was out of line.

And yes, to Marshall, I'm so sorry.

But that's Scott.

I accept your apology.

Mr. Ockerman.

Well played.

No one's ever done that to me.

Wow.

He's not mad.

I'm not mad.

I got no choice but to abide by the covenant of please call me.

All right.

Well, thank you, Mr. Marshall.

It was for me, Gary.

Oh, Gary, I got it back.

Whoo.

Mr. Marshall, I'm curious.

What is going to be Gary?

Oh, man.

Mr. Marshall.

I am.

Please, wait.

Call me Gary.

Jake, apologize.

Please.

He's getting mad again.

I don't think you're going to call him Gary.

I don't think I can please.

You're such a, you're such a mainstay of American television history.

Hold on.

And end motion picture you in, in, in Lost in America, you in Albert Brooks.

It's one of my favorite things.

I can't call you Gary.

It doesn't excuse you.

I understand.

No, hold on a second.

There's a discomfort clause.

If you, if you cannot call me Gary because it makes you too scared.

Yes.

Please call me Mr. Marshall.

Okay.

Thank you.

Do we, we find ourselves at a curious cross.

Because no one's calling you Gary at this point.

If Jake can only call me Mr. Marshall.

Okay.

That means the two of you.

What?

Yes.

One of you must call me Gary.

The other one must figure out my secret name.

I did not Gary.

No, I'm not.

No, he's not.

You must endeavor to decipher my secret name.

It could be anything like the King of the nickname.

Do I get any clues like a Phoenix would give me?

It was a Potsy.

There was.

It's not the, it's the Sphinx.

It's not the Phoenix.

Phoenix didn't give clues.

It just died and then was reborn.

The burned up and then it was like guess what I'm alive.

Yeah, you're right.

But okay.

So like the Sphinx.

Do I get any clues like the Sphinx would give me?

Yes.

Here's your first clue.

Here we go.

Is it in the form of a riddle or something or just?

I will see what happens.

You'll find out.

Yes.

All that glitters is not gold.

Nothing gold can stay.

Shall you find my secret name?

I don't want to say.

Okay.

That doesn't seem like much of a clue.

Try like schmuckie.

Try schmuckie.

Try terrible.

It's more of you just speculating on my successor.

That's right.

All right.

That's right.

That's a secret name.

All right.

Well, I'll take that clue and I'll just...

What do I do?

Do I lob some out at you and if I get it right or...

No, I would say see if you can answer the clue.

If you have any idea what I'm referring to in the clue.

All the glitters is not gold.

Nothing gold can stay.

Nothing gold.

Will you guess my secret name?

I don't want to say.

All the glitters is not gold.

Nothing gold can stay.

That's right.

Well, obviously we're in an environment where gold does not exist.

So what environment would that be if nothing gold can stay?

Oh.

No.

Hold on a second.

Yeah.

It doesn't mean gold does not exist.

It means things can't stay gold.

Oh, things can't stay.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

I got it.

Pony Boy.

That's right.

That's my secret name.

Nothing can stay gold.

You got it.

You got it right away.

Oh my God.

Pony Boy.

Pony Boy for the outsider.

That character was based on me.

I had no idea.

Were you like a young...

No, I just told you.

Oh, okay.

Wasn't tough back in the 50s?

Oh, I was like a greaser back then, you know?

I was always putting stuff in my hair and wrecking things.

Grease.

Yeah, it was the word back then.

Yeah.

Did Essie Hinton know you or were you friends?

The writer of the Outsiders Essie Hinton.

Did he write the Outsiders?

Yes, he did.

Yes.

Yeah.

Oh, did you know him by a different...

Mine might have gone...

That might be a pen name.

Oh, okay.

Might be.

I know.

Hoppily.

Oh, wait.

You're trying to tell me that Harper Lee, the woman who wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.

That's right.

She was a prize-winning novel.

Yeah.

He never wrote another book.

Yeah.

Supposedly, she actually wrote The Outsiders.

No, no.

No, I'm saying...

No, Hoppily is a pen name.

Oh, oh, oh.

So Hoppily...

I'm really well.

The original Hoppily is like, hey, I'm going to B.S.C. H inton because it sounds tough.

Okay.

Which it does, by the way.

S.C.

Hinton.

I'm going to cross the street.

Then Hoppily, this lady whose real name I think was...

Linda Evans, she said.

Why did I use that?

Because it sounds like a man's name.

No one's going to...

No one's going to take the seriously...

No, do I buy this book or not?

I don't know.

It's by a woman.

That's right.

Oh, women's books back then.

Forget about it.

Nobody wanted them.

Yeah.

They were garbage.

People thought they were garbage.

They were worse than garbage.

They were like a garbage can.

People would throw trash away in the books.

I don't follow that so well.

People would open up a book and put like a pen.

They would dig out the pages.

You know, when you have a book safe.

Yeah.

You know.

What a hide a gun.

Yeah.

That's what we used to do back in the outside of days.

You'd hide guns in women's nomads.

You were like a really tough greaser?

Is that sort of real?

Yeah, I killed people.

Whoa.

Oh, should I not say that on the microphone?

I mean, I don't...

I don't think...

I don't know what the statute of limitations is.

I don't think there is a statute of limitations on murder.

We would...

I mean, I'm no lawyer.

We...

You had a gang?

Yeah, we ran in a gang.

We used to get a rumbles and we used to stab each other.

That's...

It's sort of...

You get into a big...

A big...

Like an abandoned swimming pool.

Right.

We just all get a switch blades out.

And then it was blindfold.

Sometimes you'd stab guys in your own gang.

Wow.

Just cause we're all blindly stabbing around.

It sounds like your version of the quarter on a string trick except with knives.

Yeah.

You know what?

A case could be made that there's a correlation between the two.

And you guys, you also were in abandoned swimming pools in the early 70s and you created skateboarding.

Yes.

Didn't you?

That was an accident.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

How do you accidentally create skateboarding?

We were trying to build a homemade car.

Oh, okay.

And somebody said, let's make it out of wood.

Uh-huh.

Cause it'll be lighter.

And let's make it flat.

Well, that was just the beginning.

We got as far as the...

And then we noticed the wheels were too small.

Yeah.

So we stabbed the guy.

Oh, thank you.

We strapped him to this thing that was supposed to be the bottom of the car.

It was like the floor of the car.

Yeah.

And we shoved him down the other end of this swimming pool.

It was like a Viking funeral.

Oh, we lit him on fire.

Alright.

And then you were like, hey, we got something here.

Yeah, it's like, it looks like fun.

It's all tried.

You know, apart from the guy being dead and on fire, it actually looks like kind of a ball.

Let's try it.

Sands fire, sands dead.

Yeah.

Sanding up.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Great.

What fascinating guy.

I do want to hear more about this TV show though.

Oh, I bet you do.

But I want...

I mean, we need to take a break if we can.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Jake Fogelness, more Julie Clowsner, more Gary Marshall.

He's going to tell us about this TV.

Please call me Pony Boy.

We're Pony Boy after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here with Julie Jake and Pony Boy and...

Boy, Pony Boy.

Those were the days.

The 50s, right?

The fabulous 50s when we were running around, there was no statute of limitations on murder.

Oh, yeah.

When did they create that?

Oh, I want to say 61.

1961.

Uh-huh.

I think we got...

Yeah.

Well, you never know.

I don't know when people are going to hear this if they're hearing this in 2072.

You're right.

Now you're right.

You might say, hey, is that recent?

I could have killed so many people.

So tell us about, I'm sure Julie, Jake, you want to hear it .

Oh, hold on a second.

Yes.

Before I talk about my family comedy based on the Tractant Birth Family Slideshow Players, I'm a little worried about time travelers in the future realizing that there's no statute on limitations on murder until 1961.

Oh, we're in that.

Wow.

And they're going to go back in time and just go on a murder spree.

To 1960.

Oh, maybe that's what In Cold Blood was all about.

Oh, probably.

You know, wrote that.

Or really, no, his, her gay friend.

Her gay friend, Judy Bloom.

Oh, and that's right.

I thought Truman Capote was a real person.

I mean, I swear I saw he is a real person who wrote under the pseudonym of Judy Bloom.

Wow.

But he also wrote those Judy Bloom books.

Okay.

So you're saying that Truman Capote wrote In Cold Blood.

And also wrote.

Or you there, God.

It's me, Blubber.

Blubber.

Not Blubber.

I think Blubber was one of them.

Who wrote Blubber?

Blubber was one of the books of the Bible.

Blubber is a gotten book of the Bible.

Yeah, the book of Flubber.

The book of Flubber.

Yeah.

And yay, it came to pass.

That was one of Jesus' miracles.

Everyone thought it was so hilarious.

He turned the loaves and fishes into bouncy things.

That's right.

People tried to eat it and it would just like bounce around .

It was hilarious.

He's like, and everyone starved to death.

He, he turns to Judas.

He's like, hey, check this out.

Then he makes these rubber fishes.

And then Judas was very upset because he wanted to patent the invention of Flubber, which was a miracle, which is not his Tibetan.

Yeah.

That's what, that's when things got sowed.

That they had the falling out.

They had the falling out.

They were so tight before that.

That's right.

I love those days, backwards Jesus.

It's always about money.

And then, but he got us 30 pieces of silver.

That's right.

He got paid.

So tell us, tell us.

That'd be a lesson to everyone.

Yeah.

Tell us about this, this Tractenberg family players.

I mean, first of all, when I saw them, this was quite a few years ago.

Yeah.

How did you first come across that act?

It seems like it's a little out of your, I don't know.

Sphere of him.

You're not wrong.

Listen, I'm an old man.

I'm very wealthy.

I live in a gated community and I don't see people ever.

Except through the lens of a camera.

Right.

That's the only way I see them.

So how did you find your way to like, you know, Fez below time cafe in 1998?

I said, I gotta get out of here.

I gotta get back in touch with my roots.

I gotta stab some people.

I'm gonna get out of place.

Hey, you're getting back into stabbing at your, his old age .

This is how the journey starts, right?

You look back on your life and you say, when was I truly happy when I was a young guy running around chasing girls, eating gumballs and stabbing people.

So I said, I gotta get back to those calf re-heated.

Yeah.

So I think you laugh even thinking about them.

That's right.

I get on a plane to New York.

I go back to the old neighborhoods where I used to hang out .

Where was that?

What's the old neighborhood?

59th and I said Columbus Circle.

That's right.

Me and my buddies.

Where the Museum of Art and Design.

Yeah, that's right.

Oh, that was our, that was our haunt.

Number one haunt.

Really?

We used to hang out at the Museum of Art and Design and like, look at that zipper.

It's so simple.

I love it.

Yeah.

Stab.

Look at his ears.

That's right.

He didn't answer quick enough that the zipper was a good invention.

Then I'm like, look at that Eames chair.

So, so I get on a plane.

All of a sudden I hear this beautiful music, right?

Oh, yeah.

You're on the plane and you're hearing beautiful.

Oh, not on the plane.

Oh, sorry.

I'm there already.

Oh, okay.

So did you want me to recount the plane trip?

No, I just, you said, I got on the plane.

I'm not on the plane.

Yeah.

I'll just look.

Sure.

I watched Milo and Otis.

Let's see.

Couple episodes to the office.

I think a big bank theory.

And then I was there.

Okay.

JFK.

Thank you.

So they welcome.

After you landed, you heard the music at some point.

Shout out, just a quick shout out to JetBlue.

You guys are the best.

Okay.

So what, what did you question?

You heard music, you said.

I heard this beautiful music.

You were in the old neighborhood?

Yeah.

Was in the old man.

No, this is the, I took a trip around the old neighborhood.

I found that, you can't go home again.

You know, I found it like, ah, this is.

We've all felt that way.

I should want to stab people, but I just sort of want to push them into a manhole.

It's not the same.

But just as effective.

Yeah.

So I'm wandering around and I got this very disgusting part of town where it's nothing but white people dress like immigrants from the turn of the century.

And I'm like, what's this all about?

I think you're in Brooklyn.

And I hear this, no, that's today.

So I hear this beautiful music and I go in and there, I see in this dingy nightclub, there's this, this couple on stage.

And the, the, the guy is playing some music.

He's singing.

It's terrible.

Right.

And then I, I see.

He looks like Fred Armisen as I recall.

Whoever that is sure.

So then, behind them is a screen and showing these old photographs.

And I'm like, who cares about this?

What's going on?

Then I noticed the drumming.

It's the worst, right?

Like somebody is a young girl.

Hold on.

Don't, who's telling the story?

Is it me?

I'm just, I'm rising to her defense because, you know, I mean, if she's listening to this, she, I thought she was an okay drummer.

She's that what for her age.

Oh, yeah.

No, believe me for her age group.

She was a regular buddy rich.

But in the history of the instrument that is the drum, not so great.

Okay.

All right.

Get fair point.

So I look at the, here's the thing though.

I look and I see, oh, it's a little tiny little girl that's playing this drum.

This guy must be the worst father.

Why is he making this happen?

This is horrible.

And then I realized this has to be on television.

I need to put this on television in a dramatic way.

It's sort of a dramedy.

So it's funny and it's all so sad.

A dramedy?

Yeah.

It's like, I tried to, I said, what's, what are my favorite shows?

I love the happy days because to me it was the relationship of the Cunningham family.

They all loved each other.

The friends all loved each other.

Even Potsie was a, like an idiot.

They're everyone.

I thought Slipping told him to sit on it.

He was, and he never listened, did he?

No, that's why we like him is because he never actually sat on it.

Does he defies the authorities?

He says, I will not sit on it.

We'll sidebar here.

Sit on it.

But watch yourself, Mr. Ockerman.

All right, Councillor.

Sit on it is a sit on a penis.

That's what that's meant to be.

Oh, I thought it was a thumb.

Oh, okay.

Yes, I was.

You know, wait, we're sending up his butt.

Yeah, it's meant to be.

You're all wrong.

Wow.

It's sit on your feelings.

That's what it was about.

That expression was all about negating you as a human being .

Which he kind of did then.

Yeah, that's right.

So he's not such an admirable character.

No, he did sit on it.

Mr. Marshall, you know, it's that kind of thought into your dialogue that I think has made your shows timeless and everyone connect with them on such a deep level.

I always thought.

Yeah, no argument.

Yeah, I always thought sit on it.

Right on the mark.

I always thought it was just like, hey, you know, you go sit on it, buddy.

And like, you know, put a thumb up your, you know, which is crass and awful.

You know, put a thumb of your ass was actually in the pilot script.

Oh, really?

And this is we got we get a round of notes from the network and they said, okay, number one, the, the grease ball.

He can't wear the leather jacket near the motorcycle.

Make them wear wind breakouts.

Like, all right.

Yeah, I saw one of those recently.

Yeah.

And it's very disconcerting to see Fonzie without the leather jacket.

Well, you know, we try to go for a James Dean kind of thing .

I think that the softer material did make him seem less threatening.

Yeah, no, he's wearing his age.

Also his age.

Also, the fact that he was 42 years old.

So that second note was also don't have a single thumb up your ass in there because this is primetime television in the 70s.

Right.

I said, fair enough.

Wait till you see what we get away with in the future.

Yeah.

And maybe in the track and Berg show, they can be telling each other.

But it's the heart of the track.

The heart of the track is combined with my two favorite things.

The family relationship like I had in happy days and the fun.

And apparently you can't stand.

I'm not done listening shows that I've done more in Vindy.

And then it combines.

So it combines the family vibe with also the on the run vibe of the incredible Hulk or highway to heaven.

Oh, like I like those shows where people, they had to get out of town.

Right.

They solve a problem that it's like, I got to get out of here.

And the thing is the Tractorberg family, they go from town to town playing this awful music showing these dumb slides and then one step ahead of child protective services.

Who's now on Genesis?

Was the show anything sort of like another one of those shows where you had to leave was I mean, in a very dramatic way was quantum leap.

Yeah.

Was there was there sort of.

Are you asking about time travel?

Is there a sci-fi element to this?

I'm just curious.

Oh, of course there is.

As a big BSG fan, I think.

Yeah.

Robin Williams reprises his role as more.

Oh, wow.

That's right.

How did you get him attached to this?

I feel like more can Mr. Tractorberg have like a sampadico energy.

Absolutely.

Fairies.

I do.

Robert and I had a deal.

He said, listen, will you let me do the Stevie show while addicted to cocaine?

I said, all right, on one condition.

That came later.

I want you to reprise the role not on cocaine just for comparison.

Oh, really?

That's the only way you're interested in it.

I'm just curious.

Just like, hey, is it the same?

Was it all the cocaine or was it really the writing?

You're a human puppet master.

Yeah, that's right.

So, Mark is a part of the track.

Like, what is his relationship with the family?

He's a roadie for them.

He sets up the projector.

Make sure the slides are in the correct order.

And then at the end of every episode, as they're on the run , he climbs up.

He climbs up in the front bed of those campus.

They got the bed that's over the windshield.

Paul's Orson.

That's right.

Yeah.

That's right.

He calls Orson and says, hey, it's what I learned about the track.

I've heard family this week.

They got problems.

He started like a spy, in other words.

He's spying on the track.

Yeah, and that's what he always was in the original Morek and Mindy series.

He was a spy.

Have you thought about who's going to play the characters of the child production service officers?

Of course they have.

Look, he's thought of everything.

He has levels mapped out that you have.

So you don't even have to ask him.

I mean, is it a team that a guy was a partner?

It's a team.

It's a man and a woman.

One guy is like this Tractor Bird family.

They're up to no good.

We got to shut them down.

And then the woman's like, I'm skeptical.

I think they're OK.

And he's like, I'll show you that these guys are not what they appear to be.

And the woman's like, I can only believe the evidence of my senses.

I can't believe we can ex-files things.

What's that?

OK.

Ex-files is a number.

No, no, no.

It's for television.

It's not dirty.

So yeah, so that's a some more.

Now what's very exciting is we're going to make him look like he really would look.

It's sort of like.

We're back to Morek.

Yeah.

Like remember on Star Trek, the original one, it's like the Klingons.

They just got a point that eyebrows or whatever.

Then they do it again in the amount of times and they make them look crazy with walnut heads and stuff.

So Morek is going to look like, you know, I originally envisioned this alien to look.

And I would imagine that now that Robin Williams as an actor.

You're not curious what that looks like.

I want to know what that looks like.

The race, the race of aliens, the more comes from, they look, they look.

They're terrifying.

Oh, I bet.

I mean, you can barely get it out.

Oh, give yourself the heebie.

I got all of them.

Document in case of the heebie jeebe since the 50s.

Not just my day.

Yeah, I just saw one.

Oh, you need that click and a switch blade.

You get the heebie jeebe.

Yeah.

Nobody business.

Wow.

So these, these aliens, the Morek race of aliens, they look like, you know, like they inside out, right?

It's like all guts and testing.

So on the outside.

Is this a network show?

Yeah.

You're ABC.

You know, my old stomping grounds are figured there'll be a how people recognize him as more give his skin is inside.

Oh, he says nine, who nine, who like every 10 seconds.

Okay.

He gets annoying.

Is he wearing the Mark outfit or is much as can fit over his, his disgusting inside out box, sort of sticks to his body, I would imagine.

Oh, and it's like awful.

Isn't they do such great stuff with Foley now?

It's going to be disgusting noises every time he moves with Dave Foley isn't involved in this.

Is this going to be a damn he plays, make playing the father or are they playing the father?

Yeah, he plays the track to birth.

He plays Mr. Tracton.

Isn't the little girl going to be terrified?

It's a little girl drummer.

Yeah.

She's going to be terrified by this like gross inside out.

She can't see him.

What do you mean?

She can't see him.

Only the father can see him.

Oh, that's fun.

Cause that kind of sets up like sort of like, what are you guys talking about?

There's an alien.

She's smarter than everyone.

This is what it's like.

She's the voice of reason.

So Dave Foley is the father.

That's right.

Now that the little girl has grown up since her days in the band, she's probably playing the mother, right?

Yes, that's correct.

That's great.

Acting debut.

That's healthy.

Yeah.

I painted the lead in this sitcom.

Good.

Second on the call sheet, who's the little girl then?

How old's Kristen Stewart now?

She's pretty old.

I think she's like probably two old probably two old.

I'll get one of my great grandkids.

Oh, okay.

Nice.

I was going to say that like Rob Williams as an actor, do you still recognize him?

I mean, he's there playing it.

You probably want his star power.

There's still his signature physicality.

You know, he's got a very specific physicality to this guy.

So you'll know even if you got the sound off, you would say Rob Williams, I know it.

You might not know it's more because so disgusting.

But it's a big challenge for post production because he's very frenetic and so they got to add in all the disgusting mucusy sounds every time he hits.

So when he does the applause meter.

Yeah.

And I would imagine some guts fall off.

Oh, there's all everything's like stuff is flying off of him all the time.

And it's on pleasant.

There's a lot of prosthetics involved.

And you know, Robin Williams is no stranger to prosthetics with Mrs. Doutfire.

Has he sort of complained about the makeup?

I mean, it's hours and a makeup show.

Why don't you get another actor to do it and have him just dub the voice?

Oh, that's a good idea.

I wish I thought of that because I would have had to listen to way less complaining than I've had to listen to.

He complained a lot.

He complained a lot and I couldn't blame him.

I said, look, I never asked an actor to do something I wouldn't be able to do.

So I had them put the prosthetics on me for an afternoon.

I scared the hell out of my wife, Barbara.

She was not happy about it.

And I found it very confining and very unpleasant.

You came home with the prosthetics.

Yeah, that's right.

That's right.

Well, that seems I mean, I would have.

As a prank?

Well, I had to know, is this going to be effective on elderly women?

If it's exactly a target audience.

Exactly.

They spend so much money.

You don't realize that demographic.

That's why QVC is so successful.

A lot of people don't realize that.

So this is a show.

I just want to understand.

I really want to fully understand that.

I want you to understand it, son.

This is a show about a sort of novelty alternative comedy act from the 90s called the Tracknenberg Family Slideshow Players.

That's right.

With a eight-year-old drummer.

Yep.

Who are being hunted by Child Protective Services.

That's right.

Their roadie is morck from work.

Or walk.

Or walk from work.

But the original vision of morck as a disgusting inside-out alien, there's also a time travel element to the show.

And it will be on ABC.

Yeah, well, you had mentioned sci-fi.

I don't know about the time.

I think you're taking a lot of liberties with this, Jen.

Again, I'm not a show.

But I'll tell you what, I'm not ruling it out.

You're not ruling it out.

And it's ABC this fall.

Hopefully.

You're a pilot.

You're pitching.

I'm pitching right now.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

Now, it's not ABC, maybe ABC family.

Maybe the time travel element, because as I recall, people from Ork age backwards.

Yes, they do.

That's right.

So Robin Williams is older now.

So it would have to be...

Ooh.

His character would have to be, as I recall, more commend he was set in the 80s, although he was in the 50s during Happy Days, which is what it was just in that plot.

So there is a precedent.

Could there be?

So it would have to be earlier than the 50s.

It would have to be Mark from the 1920s.

Is that...

I mean...

That's right.

It's jazz age, Mark.

And then he ages backwards.

So it's very early in his life.

So we're catching him as a young man looking disgusting.

OK.

And then as he gets younger, you know...

He ages into the morgue that we all saw in the 80s.

Yeah, Mark and Mindy went off the air right before I could put the disgusting prosthetic makeup on Jonathan Winters to show that he had aged a couple of years.

Oh, man.

I wish he'd had an end of it.

Oh, you and me both.

And Jonathan Winters, I bet, wishes that he would have gotten in that makeup chair.

Yeah, I wonder if he knows who I am anymore.

I don't know.

Like, if I went up to him and said, hey, Johnny, how you doing?

If it would just be a blank stare or if he'd make some of his funny noises.

All right, guys.

Well, let's take another break when we come back.

I'll have more Jake, more Julie, more pony boy after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Jake, Julie, pony boy and boy.

I mean, it's fascinating to hear the behind the scenes just the thought process.

I bet it is.

And I appreciate you coming to the show and just letting it sit on that creative process.

I like to share the behind the scenes of show business with people who could never have any idea what it would be like.

Right.

Julie, do you have a favorite Gary Marshall show or a favorite Aaron Spelling show?

He knows a lot about Aaron Spelling.

Oh, I know a ton about Aaron Spelling.

Is that true?

Of course it is.

They were best friends, right?

That's right.

Like a Jesus and Judas thing.

Who was Judas?

That remains to be seen.

I like Laverde and Shirley.

What was Cindy Williams like?

Cindy Williams was a sweet girl.

She was a nice girl, but she didn't have the raw dominance that my sister, Betty Marshall had.

And so in the end, it was too much for a battling for screen time because the way we did it with those girls was I said, look, I'm staying out of it.

Here's how here's how the lines will be divvied up.

They're all written for one person.

What you got to do is you got to get in there with your line reading.

That's how you determine who has the most lines on the show .

Whoever said it first on camera.

We were all that.

You had to memorize the entire script.

That's right.

And so if you wanted to make it sound conversational, you had to jump in there with the lines.

Did that go for Carmine and squeaking?

That's right.

But not Lenny.

Carmine and squeaking.

Lenny had a sign.

He had a sign line.

He's a professional.

Yeah.

He always knew.

Michael McKee.

Yeah, he's a professional.

Hit by another car, by the way.

No, no.

I found out that I hit by another car.

Oh, no.

This guy's got bad luck with walking down the street.

Yeah, I'm so sorry.

So yeah, so eventually Cindy said, Gary, I love you.

I said, please continue to call me Gary.

I love you, but I can't do this anymore.

It's just it's too physically taxing to try to be rushing in to get some lines to make these scenes make sense.

And I was like, look, I understand, honey, if you got to leave, I'll write around you and then it's still called Laverne and Shirley, but it's really I'll make Laverne bigger in the title.

And this is when she had the cast on her face or she had bandages all over?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We wrote around and you know, she's a sweet girl, but as much as I can for her, I can't morph for being a puppet master.

Yeah.

I thought you were going to say your sister.

How much did your family connection play into it?

None.

We don't speak.

Oh, did that start?

Let's start when she became a big time director.

I started in childhood.

Oh, I'm not spoken to to Penny.

Penny.

Penny since I was eight years old.

So how did you direct her in Laverne and Shirley?

She just got it.

She got it.

She's a pro.

Do you ever see her movies?

You ever see a league of their own?

I've heard about it.

I understand it's worth the rattle.

And you also have you have other siblings, right?

You have a brother, Air Marshal.

Thank you.

All right, though.

Peter Marshall.

Great.

Hollywood Squares.

Yeah.

No, a lot of people don't remember that you guys are related.

No, they don't.

Yeah.

We kept it hidden.

Sarah Marshall, ours also, is another one of your siblings.

From forgetting Sarah Marshall.

That's right.

And singer-songwriter Marshall Crenshaw.

Yeah, Marshall Crenshaw.

He's an adopted brother.

Yeah.

Boy, the rich family tapestry.

If people only knew.

They never will though.

Marshall, they never will because this is going into a time capsule.

That's right.

To never be open.

Oh my gosh.

Well, guys, we have time for one.

Were there any dangling threads?

I don't.

I think we got them all.

I'd be like, we went off for a few days.

Why did you guys stop talking when you were eight?

Was there a fight?

I think we just had enough of each other.

Okay.

Yeah.

There was a mutual feeling of like, I think I get what you 're all about the end.

We just have time for one more feature on the show.

And that is a little something called wood.

Would you rather?

Hey.

I'm sorry I fit on the show so many times.

You know the rhythms.

We're like an old married couple of you.

We're like a Jesus and Judas ourselves, aren't we?

I'm going to kill you.

I'm not supposed to talk for you.

Jake, you've listened to the show so many times.

I don't talk for you.

People aren't supposed to talk during the series.

You're turning this into a bit, Jake.

No, it's not.

I don't want to do a bit about it.

You're doing a bit right now.

I don't.

I would appreciate it.

You're doing a bit with him.

I know.

I kind of doing a bit.

It feels like you're both doing a bit.

I want to be very clear that I'm not doing a bit.

I just want to know if I'm not supposed to talk.

I don't like this bit.

I went off this bit bus.

Bit bus, bit bus, bit bus.

That's where it begs.

Did you add stuff on to that?

I'm saving a lot.

It feels even longer.

Did you loop it?

Maybe it's been a while since we did the whole thing.

Maybe so.

I thought you'd been poking around in GarageBand.

Have you ever poked around in there?

Oh, yeah.

You know me.

A lot of retirees, they like to just sort of fiddle around in the garage.

No, I love learning new applications.

You've got to retiree.

You're using.

Oh, that's, I mean, you have a show coming out.

I'm old enough to be a retiree, but I'm still making movies .

And thank you.

Yes.

You're welcome.

Finally, someone thanks me.

We know how this is played, right?

This is what you're out there.

People sending you.

But you're out of scenarios.

Everyone knows how this is on our Twitter, which is at CBB.

Y-R, Comedy Bang Bang, would you rather?

And I read them out loud and, you know, Julie, you've never played this.

But, and Jake, you've never played it either.

But I'm sure you've played the home version.

I've played along at home, yeah.

All right.

Great.

What if you did this?

Yes.

Instead of reading them out loud, what if we all read them silently and then the audience has to guess what are the choices?

Okay.

Let's do that.

I'll, the first one here on my phone.

All right.

We'll kill a little time while people are reading this term .

Play that song again.

Yeah.

Here we go.

Everyone reads.

And no talking.

Yeah.

No talking.

I got it.

I'm not.

It's a little bit angry.

It's just a quick gesture.

It's starting to stay.

Wait.

What?

Oh, it's the first one.

Yeah.

No talking.

Let me see it again.

Hard to remember.

I just want to make sure I got it locked in.

I wish I'd taken my gingful below, but today.

Only a few more seconds.

You have until the theme ends.

All right.

It's time to play.

Would you rather?

We all know how this is played.

People send me, would you rather scenarios on our Twitter, which is at CBBWIR.

I will not read it out loud.

And then I will open up the floor for questions and then we 'll assign a winner.

And that's pretty, by the way, this is sent to us by Charlie, who is at I am Lord Boyd.

So thank you, Charlie.

All right.

Nobody.

Nobody go look it up.

Don't go to his Twitter to look this up.

Please do not.

All right.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

I have a question.

Yes.

Mr. Marshall.

I'm sorry.

Pony Boy.

Thank you.

And the first scenario.

Yeah.

Am I exempt if it's one of my films?

Oh, well, no, unfortunately, if it's one of your films, then you have to see it a hundred times.

Oh, second follow up question.

Oh, well, getting a follow up before Jake and Julie are getting there.

Do I enjoy the movie the more times I see it?

Well, it's only one of your films that you see a hundred times.

Other than that, it's just once.

But yes, you do enjoy it exponentially, as a matter of fact .

So to the second power each time you see it.

So you enjoy it squared the second time you see it and then square that and so on and so on and so on, a hundred times.

Another question about the second scenario.

Oh, wow.

This is unprecedented.

Look, I came to play.

I know.

Second scenario.

Yeah.

When I pronounce the word that way, yeah, do people find it adorable?

Or is it embarrassing to me?

They find it adorable for the first 25 years you do it and then people really hate it for the next 25 years.

And then by the way, you're in immortal in this.

I was just going to say because I don't know if I got 25 years coming to me.

I don't think you do.

But I.

That's a little rude.

I'm sorry.

I got the red.

I hear a switchblade.

Oh, I guess I know who to Judas is.

The heebie jeebies.

I got the heebie jeebies.

So for the next 25 years, people hate it and they hate you and they can't stand be around you.

Oh, upon that scenario.

Sure.

Do I go to great lengths to avoid saying this word or do I not realize every time that I'm going to mispronounce it?

Well, unfortunately, in this scenario, you are in a lot of what this word is.

Constantly, it's an apocalyptic scenario and people are constantly attacking you.

And so in order to alert your compadres to the fact that there is this word approaching, you constantly have to say it.

I'll say it a word right now.

Okay.

I say, oh, look out.

We're in trouble.

Yes.

Adorable.

There's a horrible.

Even I thought it was kind of cute that I said.

I think trouble is coming.

I have a question.

Yes.

Is that okay?

Yes.

What if in the first scenario, what if the word is in the name of the title of the movie and in the first scenario?

Well, in the first scenario, as in the trebble with Harry?

Yeah, or nothing but trebble or the film Monkey Trebble, which is Thor, Bertrand, Monkey.

Well, in that scenario, you're not required to say that word that way.

I thought that was a no effect.

Wait, I thought Thor, Bertrand and Monkey was Ghost World.

Oh, I'm making a joke at Skarlett's Gem Age.

Oh, okay.

It's a little roast.

I thought you were saying Skarlett, your head's on.

No, she doesn't look like a monkey.

She's a beautiful girl.

We all use the ones that we love.

Exactly.

No, that about.

But she had me to put my pies on, so I make fun of them.

Julie, all song or step?

Oh, I don't have any questions.

I guess I'm the only one that doesn't have any questions.

You have to have questions, otherwise, how do you narrow down your choice?

I know what my answer is.

Oh, classic, would you rather blunt that?

That's a classic, Blunder.

I mean, I'm not going to doc you points for that.

I'm just saying.

There are points?

Yeah, the points are dependent upon how many questions you ask.

I have a...

Oh, Jake has another one.

Great.

I'll let you add up some points for you.

What?

What about...

Also, it furthest the game.

I'm all set.

He actually helps to fill the time.

Makes it more fun, too.

In the second scenario.

Sure.

In the second scenario, can I possibly employ a speech therapist to try to correct the trebble I'm having?

You can, but all that he's allowed to do is he's allowed to correct you, which people find even more annoying.

Right.

Okay.

So you say trebble and he says treble and people are like, God.

I have a question.

Oh, yes, Mr. Marshall.

More points for you.

Please call me, boy.

Sorry, boy.

Is this speech therapist?

He's always around.

Or is she always around?

Yeah, that's a little sexist of you.

Well, what only a man can be a speech therapist.

I wasn't offended by it.

In this scenario, can only a man be a speech therapist?

Yes.

Okay.

So is this speech therapist, this guy is always with me no matter where I go.

It's like a Jesus and Judas kind of thing.

Right.

Oh, yeah.

Those two like peas at a pot.

Yeah.

So this guy, he's every single, he's always there.

Whenever I say trebble, he just says trebble.

Yeah.

In a scolding way too.

Mm.

Yeah.

Okay, for that.

Yeah, I know.

Well, that's going to help him for a joy.

I hate this guy.

Yeah.

You have.

I have a question.

Is it possible I could get like the move, the films that are coming out.

Mm.

The first scenario.

Is it possible to get sort of like a list or a slate of what's coming out?

Does Nikki Fink give me what's in production?

You work for Entertainment Weekly in this scenario.

So a very low level intern.

Right.

But I have access to screeners.

You do have access to screeners and you have access to the archive of all the columns that Stephen King wrote for Entertainment Weekly.

And you're Libby Gellman Waxner's assistant.

Okay.

So sorry.

Oh, Julie, question.

I'm good.

This is not where you out for you.

Now I am going to docu points now.

That's the second time.

I don't have any points to doc.

You're a negative 10 at this point.

Meanwhile, Jake, by the way, you've asked three questions.

So you're a 30.

Gary boy, you are soaring.

Please call me a boy.

I got a question.

Sorry.

You're at 120.

I got a question about the first scenario.

Sure.

Do I see them?

How long does this film remain at number one?

Well, for a week.

For one week.

Every week, a new number one film is crowned.

Every single week.

52 weeks a year.

Yeah.

So this is if I go to the movies, that's what I see.

No, no, no.

You are.

Go to see the number one.

It is compulsory.

A follow up.

Yes.

Is my life a living hell?

Of course.

Of course it is.

It's a terrible situation because you hate movies in this scenario.

Oh, what do I like in this scenario?

In this scenario, you like modern art.

Okay.

Do I have time to see modern art?

No, no.

You're so...

My time is taking up seeing these number one movies.

What?

I have a question.

Sure, Jake.

Of course you.

And that's going to bump you up to 40 points.

Thank you.

Congratulations.

What are the conditions of this?

Julie, I'm sorry but you lost another 10 while Jake was asking his question.

Of course I did.

What theaters do I have access to to see these number one films?

Are they good theaters?

Is it like the arcliders?

Is it like some sort of dirt hole?

Magic, Magic, Magic, Magic.

It's the Angelica.

Like what's this movie about?

The subway?

Yeah, yeah.

Okay.

It's just Magic Johnson Theater.

The diving belt, the butterfly and the L train.

It's Magic Johnson Theater and there's people talking constantly through them.

I'm sorry your enjoyment of the diving bell and the butterfly was interrupted.

It was such a fun, loving movie.

I'm sorry, Julie.

I'm going to dock you another 10 points for that crack.

I don't appreciate that.

It's not a conversation.

I drew out the conversation.

Sorry, I just don't appreciate that kind of circle.

Sorry if a movie doesn't have divine in it, you can enjoy it.

Sorry.

I went to see if I thought the cops lost in the top.

The divine bell.

The divine bell and the butterfly.

And I was very disappointed.

Why isn't this a body?

Why isn't this blinking guy eating a plate of dog shit?

All right, I'm closing the floor for questions on that.

We're going to vote and- Wait, wait, wait.

I have one final question.

Ah, I will ask.

The floor closed.

Thank you.

That's going to bump you up by the way, an extra of 50 bonus points for asking fortune favors the bold.

In the first scenario where I'm a lowly intern at E.W.

magazine.

Does Jim Mullins hot sheet still exist?

You know what, Gary?

It does.

Thank you, please call me portable.

All right, buddy, boy, sorry.

All right, I'm closing the floor for questions.

We're going to vote.

Jake, how do you like to vote?

First scenario, second scenario.

I think I'm going to go with the second scenario.

Trebubble.

I'll tell you why.

Like, you know what?

I don't- I'd like to have an affectation.

Oh, yeah.

A little thing that makes you special.

A little thing that makes me stand out a little bit from the rest of the crowd.

An affectation, if you will.

And you're immortal.

Yeah.

That's not bad either.

And that's not bad either.

Okay.

And I'd like to see, you know, I'd like to go see other motion pictures.

You're from the rich history of cinema.

It's too bad because you're very lonely in that scenario.

You outlive everywhere.

I'm very lonely now, Scott, so it doesn't matter.

You outlive everyone in the human race and you have no one to show your funny videos to.

Oh, no.

There's no YouTube in the future.

Oh, no.

Sorry, you picked the wrong, uh, you picked the wrong scenario for you.

So I- Why like so?

As well as stepped on your glasses.

I'm, uh, docking you 50 points for picking the wrong one.

Oh, dear.

Oh, wow.

Julie, you can- You can, uh, you can get some points back here depending on how you vote.

Well, I'm going to pick the one that he picked.

It's wrong for him.

It may not be wrong for you.

Oh, okay.

I'm going to pick the second one.

Okay, why?

Um, because, uh, because if, if like saw was number one in the movie theaters, then I'd have to go see saw and I never want to see any of those movies.

Okay.

So merely because of saw, you will pick to be- Yes.

Yes.

You, you will pick to have a best friend who's a male speech therapist.

What?

What is all this?

That's what comes- Oh, that's what- You're not listening.

I was listening.

I'm going to docu- I was listening.

I just didn't have any questions because it all seemed clear.

And now it's- Now it's just all chaos to me, but- Yeah, you're a negative 80 and then, um, you know, I'm sorry, but, uh, you did pick the right one for you though.

Oh, that's good.

So you get 80 points.

So you're at zero.

Alright, uh, Mr. Mart, or Pony Boy, so sorry.

Oh, sorry.

So close.

Ooh, you have 170 points.

It's yours to lose.

Jake's at negative 10.

Julie's at zero.

It's- unless your doc's 170 points are more, you, you, uh, you win this one.

So- Say what happens?

Here we go.

How do you like to vote?

I vote for the first scenario because even in a world where I despise the movies and I hate my life because it involves going to the movies all the time.

Your boss is Libby.

And my boss is Libby Gelfen Waxman, the hilarious character that somebody or maybe multiple people had to write terrible jokes for in entertainment weekly, even in this world where I hate the movies in this world that we're in right now.

I still love the movies.

Ah, that's sweet.

You and Owen Gleiberman.

I'm so sorry that was the wrong answer for you though because you should have picked the immortal one because you actually are an immortal.

Yeah.

And that would have been the perfect fit for you.

So I'm so sorry.

Boy, I- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

I'd be coming immortal.

Oh, I thought that we just knew- we talked about that off air once.

Oh, yeah, that's right.

Yeah, you're- I mean, yeah.

Uh, so sorry.

I have to doc you 171 points.

So oh my gosh, that means you're at negative one.

You're at third place.

I win.

You're in second place because you're next to negative ten.

That- oh man, you shouldn't have won that.

I won the thing.

Oh man.

I had no questions to add.

That's how the game ends up sometimes though.

You know, it's like Survivor.

The person who does the worst ends up winning.

That's right.

Well, what a great feeling to win.

Oh god, I'm talking you ten more points.

All right Gary, you're the winner.

Yay.

That's how we play, would you rather?

Now we talk over the outro.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah.

Oh, we just- it's a gap- a gap fest.

The regular gas is where we relax.

Right.

And chill.

Also chillax.

Which is a word that I coined by the way.

It's a combination of chilling and relaxing.

I like that that's clever.

Clever word place, guys.

By the way, I got a review of the show recently saying, hey , idiot, this is on iTunes I think.

Hey, dipshit, you didn't come up with the word chillax.

Oh, good.

Get over yourself.

Wow.

Over yourself.

Can I tell you something?

I wrote that review.

You son of a bitch, buddy.

I thought it would be a fun roast.

How did you not know it was him?

Is it Gary Martin?

I said Gary, please call me Mr. Marshall.

It's a Gary Martin.

Oh boy.

All right, guys.

That is just about it other than our final feature on the show, which is, of course, plugs.

Now, guys, we're at the most exciting time of the show.

Okay?

Boy, here we go.

It's time for the plugs.

Magic plugs.

It's time for the plugs.

I'm going to play it coming up.

It's time for the plugs.

Plug, plug, plug, plug in it up.

It's time for the plugs.

I want a plug plug.

It's time for the plugs.

But it's time for the plugs.

Plugs are coming up.

It's time for the plugs.

Plugs.

It's time for the plugs.

That's a plug look.

It's time for the plugs.

Oh, that was really cool.

Why did you stop it?

Is that fat boy slim?

It was the fat boys.

The fat boys?

No, of course we know that is plug load by Craigorino.

Craigorino, thank you so much for that plug submission.

If you have a similar song or a dissimilar song or exactly the same, if you just want to record that on your MP3 player and re-send it in, then go head over to...

You're really allowing that.

Sure.

Thank you.

Go ahead and give it a big shout out.

So, go ahead and give it a big shout out.

I'm going to be a fan of the song.
