Coming up on the show today, very special guest, Academy Award winner.

That's right, Academy Award winner, the Oscars, as some people have nicknamed them, Nat Faxon. He is here on the show from the TV show Ben and Kate.

He didn't win the Academy Award for that because it's a TV show.

I know it's very confusing, but we'll talk about it.

Plus, we have a very special guest, a radio DJ who is here with me for the first time, all of that and more, all on today's...

♪♪♪ Where mice and sound meet men in fury, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ooh, nice catchphrase submission, where mice and sound meet men in fury.

Thanks to Donald J for that.

Donald, if you have a catchphrase submission, head on over to...

...and then go do the thing.

And welcome to the show. It's another Monday and November is upon us, literally.

I don't know what that means, but it is here.

We're in the middle of November and almost at time for you to vote on your favorite episodes of the year, for our best ofs at the end of the year, we'll have more info regarding that on our episode after Thanksgiving, which will be a very special episode.

But today is an even more special episode because first of all, I have a great guest coming up here that we'll introduce in a second, but I also have a very interesting co-host with me today.

And she can tell you a little bit more about herself, but for Cynthia is here.

Hello for Cynthia.

Hello.

Hi.

Oh. Oh, what is this?

We're just coming out of a beautiful song by Vanessa Williams, Save the Best for Last.

Huh.

Yeah.

Did you know that she recorded that song right after she showed the world her big old boobies?

Oh, in Penthouse magazine.

That's right.

More than her boobies, as I recall.

It wasn't I didn't see the spread.

Anyway, I'm for Cynthia.

For Cynthia.

Oh, you brought your own wind chimes.

You have to have wind chimes if you're on after midnight.

Yeah.

Normally the wind makes those go, but you ran your finger through them.

This is a Latin percussion instrument.

More like finger chimes.

All right, friend.

Whatever you choose.

I just, I'm so proud to be here.

We're getting low on listeners between the 12 and 4 o'clock hour, and I know you are such an avid listener.

I've written in several times to 101.1 W.I.N.D. The Wind.

I don't even know what that is.

I'm, please continue.

I feel like, I feel like you do.

I've received several dedication letters.

Oh.

I- About your struggles with your mother?

Um, you may be mistaking me with someone else, but in fact, I'm not quite sure why- You're, you're Scott Awkwardman, right?

Oh, that, that, see, that is where the confusion lies.

I'm actually Scott Awkwardman.

Awkwardman.

I'm Forcythia.

Forcythia.

Okay, Forcythia.

I'm not, uh, welcome to the show.

I'm not sure why you're here.

Thank you.

You're doing some sort of pledge drive?

We're just having low numbers and- Okay.

This is my livelihood and everything I believe in.

You know, when the devils come knocking at the wee hours, who's going to be there to turn you around?

Me.

Okay.

All right, well, I guess you'll have more information about how people can support your show or- Just listen.

Just listen to it.

That's right.

I see, okay.

Well, what say- You're going to be here the entire program, I guess?

That's right.

I'll be here with you.

Unless something happens.

Unless you get some sort of an email in the middle of the show.

Sure.

Detailing some sort of an emergency.

Yeah.

My son is parked out in our car, so- Really?

We're here to be in emergency with that.

He'll rush up.

How old is your son?

He's 14.

Oh, okay.

So he- He's a mixed child.

Because you are- Of Caucasian descent.

Caucasian descent, yes.

And your lover, husband?

My ex-lover, Jerome, was African American.

Jerome?

Yes.

Okay.

And so he sort of happened half?

That's right.

Great.

I'd love to meet him.

Well, only in an emergency, hopefully.

Yeah.

Was he- Is he listening to some tunes down there?

Um, I'm not sure I didn't give him instructions.

He has- He has free reign over the car.

He has his game boy, and the child lock is on.

Okay.

All right.

Well, I'm not going to worry about him necessarily.

I don't want you to worry.

Okay.

You know, in the garden of life, friends are flowers.

Those are wise words.

Okay.

Oh, and we have a song that goes along with that too.

Just a nice song called- It's called Wild Flowers, actually.

Oh, okay.

Who does this?

This is unknown artist.

Okay.

You might want to do a little more research on some of these artists that you're playing.

This is another favorite.

Oh, okay.

We get a request for this quite often.

Yeah.

Once every five minutes, I would imagine.

Yeah, we don't play it that often.

Yeah.

We only- We try to play it only three times a night.

In a four-hour shift.

You just try- Yeah.

Once on the hour?

I play it in segments.

Oh, okay.

So I just picked up there around 3.28.

And then I'll go back and pick up the beginning.

The best love song ever written?

I'm a fan of ambrosia.

Is that a band or is that a song?

No, that's a band.

Let me see if I can bring up the- It's a very musical combination.

For you.

Art by artist.

Ambrosia.

You'll recognize them.

Oh, okay.

Um.

Oh, okay.

I recognize that keyboard riff.

Right.

Yeah.

This is probably their most famous hit.

Baby, come back.

Baby, come back to me.

Yes, of course.

But we also have- Didn't realize that was ambrosia.

I thought that was unknown artist.

No, this is my favorite though.

How long has this been going on?

So this is sort of what you do.

You play love songs?

That's right.

I get dedications.

Okay.

Light favorite requests.

I read on-air dedications from people in need who are struggling with the darknesses of abuse and forgiveness.

And I play songs to lift their spirits.

Oh, great.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, maybe we'll hear some of those dedications as this shows are.

Oh, absolutely.

Okay, but we should get to our guest.

Oh, there it is.

How long has this been going on?

This is Ace featuring Paul Carrick, I believe.

This is ambrosia.

I don't think so.

Okay, so let's get to our guest and this is his first time on the show.

And it's a great pleasure to meet him.

Academy Award winner, which I can't say that we've ever had an Academy Award winner on the show.

We've had Academy Award nominees, but never a winner.

He took on the gold.

Congratulations.

Thank you very much.

Yes.

I haven't even said your name yet, but everyone knows who I'm talking about, obviously.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No, it's pretty widely known when you say Academy Award winner.

You're talking about Nat Faxen.

That's right.

Yeah.

Welcome to the show, Nat.

You are an Academy Award winner for the movie The Descend ants.

Yes.

Written by.

Written by, yes.

Co-written by my partner, Jim Rash and Alexander Payne.

Right.

Excellent.

Best adapted screenplay.

How's that feel to be in the adapted category?

Pretty great.

Yeah, pretty great.

Ever want to move over there and do original?

Yeah, you know, I mean, I think the, it's, people might think it's easier to adapt, you know, just because you have a framework to, you know, from what you work, but, you know, a base as you would, but, but not when it's, you know, when it's in first person narrative, it's very, it's actually almost trickier.

There are certain challenges to adapting a screenplay.

You don't know what to keep in.

You don't know how to leave out.

Exactly.

And, you know, to take home that gold is amazing, but original, you know what I mean?

Like that's, that's where the money is.

How dare you?

You ever want to just jump?

Come on this show and immediately just get lambasted.

You son of a bitch.

People remember your, your famous acceptance up there.

You went up there and Jim, as people would know from the TV show community, where he plays the, Prince, Prince, Dean, yes.

He made fun of Angelina Jolie.

With his stance.

Yeah.

It was kind of a, it was kind of a dick move, to be honest.

Were you up there just going, RASH!

This is my moment.

I was, no, it was more going up there going, RASH, you stupid son of a bitch.

Why did you not tell me you were going to do that?

Because then I did it as well.

And in my mind, I thought I was, we were both doing it.

Right.

And the crowd was just loving it and it was killing, but in actuality, when you look back at the tape, it just looks like I'm open.

My hips are just open to him and my leg is not really that far out.

And I'm just, I'm just enjoying his performance with wide hips.

A wide stance is often sought after.

For Cynthia, I can't tell you how excited I am to be joined by you.

Wow.

Now, are you a listener of for Cynthia?

Yeah.

I love the wind.

Wow.

It's the wind.

I see. I always, I'm glad that you clarified that because I was out with the wind chimes.

Yes.

That it was wide.

You spelled with the wide.

Yeah.

It's some listeners have written in and said that it should be pronounced like that, like gone with the wind, but I don't, I don't, I don't hear that.

I, you probably have gotten a lot of my requests.

I, I like, I love hauling oats.

Yes.

Love hauling oats.

She's gone.

Yeah, she's gone.

And, and I, I can't go for that.

I cannot go for that.

And what I didn't know, and I was told recently that that is actually a song about anal sex.

What?

Yeah.

That I think they, receiving?

I think that haul and oats at one point were, engaged in a conversation about anal sex with each other.

I think like, think, you know, there was late one night in the 70s, you know, and anything went at that, sure, in that decade.

Everything went.

Yeah.

And out and around.

Exactly.

So you're around during the 70s for Cynthia?

Oh, absolutely.

I've been on the radio for 47 years.

Oh my god.

I didn't realize you were that.

Yes.

Elberely.

This wig makes me look younger.

Oh, that's what it is.

Yes.

Okay.

Yeah.

That is, that is a tight, tight bun.

Thank you.

Um, and, uh, yeah, the 70s and, and hauling oats were involved in it.

And, you know, hey.

And it was one, I think it was like a late night on the road.

Mm-hmm.

And I think haul was feisty.

And also, Oh, so it was, haul wanted to insta- Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, because he had the long hair, and I think he was, Sure.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It was just a little more promiscuous.

That makes sense.

Yeah, yeah, if you have long hair, you're tending to be more promiscuous.

Of course.

And I think, you know, oats was just like, Hey, I can't go for that.

So, oh, so he coined that phrase.

Yeah.

And then they just said, hold on.

Let's put, let's table the talk of anal sex.

Because that is a song.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

And then- Art, we're either one of them, I, a homosexual.

I don't believe so.

So who is putting something up?

Anyone's bot here in this situation?

Well, I think, you know, I think maybe it didn't get around to that.

Or were they speaking specifically about their, you know, painuses going in other bots?

Oh, no, I think they wanted to- They were talking about their own bots.

Yes, but they weren't.

I don't think you have to be a homosexual to desire another man's bot.

No.

That's just experimentation in the 70s.

Let's back up a moment.

Wait, for Cynthia, you have a- You don't have to be a homosexual to desire another man's bot.

I'm writing that down.

That's beautiful.

Oh, are you turning that into a dedication?

I'm not.

Wait, you don't have to be- Continue talking.

This is going to take me away.

Oh, yeah.

You're a slow writer.

Slow writer.

Oh my goodness.

Just on letter two.

Yeah, luckily that brace does not slow you down too much.

No.

It's hard for me to turn my wrist.

Yeah.

Boy, J's must be really difficult for you.

Enjoy.

What's the most difficult letter, Q?

Enjoy.

I'm turning.

Enjoy.

First of all, it's a circle.

What's that?

A Q, a capital Q.

That must be the most difficult letter.

It's actually, though, in Curse of a Giant 2.

Oh, that's true.

Another man.

Who does write Curse of any more?

That's sort of a lost art form.

Yeah, that is.

You know, we all had to learn it when we were young, and then there were even those Curse of typewriters.

I don't know if you remember those, but- Now it's just fonts.

And now it's just fonts.

Yeah.

It's like, do you learn fonts when you're a kid?

I guess maybe.

Kids, call in.

Guys.

Love to hear from you.

Hellavedica.

Yes.

Like, do you have to learn wingedings?

Yeah.

When you're young?

By the way, with wingedings, it took me so long to translate those.

Yeah.

But now I'm fluent.

Really?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

There is a separate internet, if you just type in wingedings.

It's like an alternate internet.

Really?

Accessible by typing in wingedings.

Wow.

I was unaware.

I was unaware as well.

Get on it, guys.

It is fascinating.

Like, I've kind of run out of things to look at on the regular internet, you know?

But there is a whole separate one that is just, it's amazing.

Well, that sounds like the best time that I've never been a part of.

Well, you've got to get on it, my friend.

No.

I would like to.

Now, let's continue talking about your career because the ...

It feels like we should.

Because you are a special guest.

And I don't mean to get sidetracked too much with talk of anal sex and hellavedica.

But you're on a TV show now.

Yes.

A lot of people, they are catapult from the Academy Award into more writing work, or which I'm sure you're doing.

But you capitalize on all of a sudden, you're a lead on a TV show.

Yeah, I know.

Sort of somewhat surprising.

Just when you look at my face.

What?

No, I mean, I'm just...

I don't think I'm your typical leading man type.

So these opportunities to play these types of roles don't come along that often.

Here's a man's Lena Dunham.

Is that what you're saying?

I'm...

Yes, I am sort of saying that.

I am...

Wait, what are you saying about Lena Dunham?

I'm just saying there are alternate versions of heroines on television.

And that's all that the journalists are enjoying writing about these days.

You don't have to be a skinny model to be on television.

You don't have to be old Misha Barton.

That's right.

She had a great career on the OC.

Great.

And now she's doing steel magnolias in Scotland.

And that is a true statement.

Okay.

Thank you for only speaking in truth.

I hope you don't mind if I fact check that.

Please do.

I'm not going to say your word for it.

You can check my Twitter feed.

Oh, that's where I would get the news on that?

That's right.

Someone tweeted me about it.

Oh, okay.

Because I was live tweeting the steel magnolias version that aired on Lifetime.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

Okay, I'll be there.

What is your Twitter feed, by the way?

It's for Cynthia.

Followed by different notes.

Yes.

A bunch of wingedings afterwards.

Okay. So you're on this about the- Absolutely.

Okay, great.

But you're on the TV show Ben and Kate, which is a great show on the Fox network on Tuesdays.

Yes, Tuesdays at 8.30.

And it's a really, really funny show and a great cast.

And my wife and I watch it every single week.

And it's really fantastic.

Thank you.

You have Dakota Johnson, Yeah.

Who is Don Johnson and Melanie Griffith's daughter.

Yes.

You play her brother, so it's almost like you are Don Johnson's honorary son.

Yeah, basically.

And we have a very similar look.

You really do.

Because the way you dressed when you walked in here, I was very surprised you were wearing pastels.

Yeah.

You were a jacket rolled up.

Yeah.

You're really taking it to heart.

I have.

Yeah.

No, DJ and I hang out a lot.

DJ, really calm DJ.

Yeah.

Is he an actual DJ?

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

A lot of people don't know that about him.

Yeah.

I mean, because we have for Cynthia is a DJ.

Right.

But is he out there like Skrillex in the clubs or what is he doing?

No, I think he works a couple of bars up in Calabasas.

Oh, OK.

So it's one of those.

Yeah.

And I think he's loving life.

You know, this is just sort of like people come up to him and they just say, you know, hey, can you spin some Miami sound machine?

I don't know.

Five.

Gloria and Stefan.

Yeah.

Hey, why do you keep playing the Miami Vice theme?

Right.

Why only songs from Miami?

There seemed to be only two.

Only two groups.

He's going to hear this and then come down and punch me in the face.

Has he come by the set?

He has, actually.

And by the way, he will not hear this.

No, he has been by the set and he's just about as cool as you, you know, he's nice.

We did a we did a between a live between two firms with him once.

Oh, did.

Nice.

Yeah.

He was nice enough to come down to a party that funnier die was doing.

And so we did a between two firms with him.

Oh, that's awesome.

Yeah.

He's really fun.

Yeah.

He's a really good guy.

He's bounding down.

He's been on that reason.

Yeah.

He's still he's still great.

Yeah.

Bucky Larson.

And who who doesn't love that movie?

I saw it with as listeners of the show.

No, I saw it with Matthew Sweet.

He was on the show and playing some songs and he said, Hey, do you want to go see Bucky Larson?

I said, sounds good to me.

And we were really going for life.

Do you play a lot of Matthew Sweet on your show?

No, not that's not not in my genre.

Yeah.

You're a softer.

Mm hmm.

I play this song though.

Here we go.

Do you recognize this?

Oh, okay.

Thank you.

There it is.

Yeah.

That was the moment of inspiration when that keyboard took.

Yeah.

Oh, I got an idea.

Yeah.

What about anal sex?

It was John pushing Holloway into the keyboard and I think called it really nice.

I accidentally fell like butt first into that.

Do you know that?

Oh, so his butt has the sort of formation of a chord, a minor chord.

All right.

Yeah, turn that down.

Yeah.

Where do you dare me to draw the line?

Right?

The lyrics tell the truth.

They do.

So Ben and Kate, you have Dakota Johnson.

You have Echo who was on my TV show.

Very nice enough to do a small part on my TV show.

He's very funny.

Very funny guy.

Lucy Punch.

People may know from dinner for Schmucks where she was really hilarious.

Yeah.

And a bad teacher.

Yeah.

Fantastic.

She was a show called The Class.

She was.

That lasted for one season.

With Lizzy Kaplan, we talked to her about that show on this very program.

Jesse Tyler from Augusto.

A lot of who's who now.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, who's Zooming who?

That's right, Aretha.

It's a really funny show.

Describe the premise of the show, if you would.

It's basically centers around a brother and sister.

I play Ben the sort of...

The titular Ben.

Yeah, the sort of out of control.

Kind of all over the place.

Guy who kind of comes back into town and ends up moving in with his sister and her daughter.

Dakota sort of plays Kate who's a little bit more structured and a little bit more together.

And so...

She's younger, but she has her life more together than you.

Yeah, yeah.

She's got a five-year-old.

Other than that pregnancy out of wedlock.

Yes.

Yeah.

That's a sin.

Which is...

Yeah, I'd rather not.

You guys discussed that a lot on the show, right?

About how that was a sin.

That was a moral.

Yeah, no, that's super important to us.

Okay.

Yeah, and all the writers.

That's a joke.

Yeah, yeah.

She's really paying the price.

Yeah.

You want to illustrate that.

Exactly.

Where were you?

Where did you come from?

Sacramento.

All right.

Yeah.

His character, you mean?

Yes.

Okay.

Yeah.

Or just now, both.

It's really the answer.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I spent a lot of time up there.

Well, yeah, I've got a home in Modesto.

And so I spent a lot of time in Sacramento.

Where are you from originally?

You, Nat.

I grew up outside of Boston, Massachusetts.

Okay.

In a town called Manchester by the Sea.

Was, how was it hit in Sandy?

Was it hit?

I believe it was, yes, but not to be affected.

Not too bad.

Not to build it.

That it was.

No, not the way in New Jersey and New York, I think.

Do you still have family there?

I do.

My folks are in the city now, though, so, but I still have a lot of friends in the city of Boston.

Yes.

All right.

Yes.

You realize that we were in the middle of him talking about is the premise of his show.

I thought it was.

It felt like a great segue.

A paragraph and we're done.

I'm sorry.

No, no, he's still talking about the premise of the show, which is- But really, what do we want to know about Scott?

What are we- Where he's from?

What city is from?

We want to know about the man.

How it was hit by Sandy?

The man.

That's true.

We'll get to the man, but I do want to talk- Underneath.

Yes.

Underneath the character.

Fair enough.

Because we all know Ben, but we want to get to know- Sure, let's tread on the light surface for a while.

Is that more comfortable to you?

It is a little bit more comfortable.

We're getting too deep.

No problem.

We're getting too deep.

Guys, I have so much to give.

I have so much to give on all levels.

I can feel it.

Will you're willing to go there?

I'm really willing to go there.

Okay.

We can start up here and then we can go down.

We really, and in a lot of his dedications, he gets really intimate.

I do, don't say.

Yes.

He changes his name always to Pat or Cat or Jack.

Just to separate it.

Cat-fax-in.

Mm-hmm.

Just to give it a little separation.

Or Dan sometimes.

Every once in a while, a Dan.

That's rare.

I always get a chuckle when he calls in his Dan because I recognize his voice.

Got a very signature voice.

Sure.

We've all heard it.

That's why we're watching Ben and Kate and not looking at the TV screen.

That's right.

All right.

So let's continue with the premise of the show.

Yes.

So you move back in with your sister?

I do.

I move back in and yeah, we sort of- You're there to sort of take care of, help out around the house, take care of her- Yeah, exactly.

Child.

It's the classic give and take, you know, where I'm giving Kate a little time so that she can go out and be the woman that she sort of, you know, she's a young woman who took care of this daughter for five years and hasn't really had a life beyond that.

Yeah, she has a- She's a young woman?

She should be able to go out there and get out.

Right.

You know what I mean?

And then I, you know, I'm provided with the structure and the boundaries that my character desires too.

So it's really- It's really a nice balance there.

The yin and the yang.

Yeah, guys.

I mean, sort of, I think it feels like we're breaking new ground.

Sure.

And your character is really funny.

You're always doing like new projects.

For instance, a couple of weeks ago, you had the- I found it really funny, the waterbed lazy boy.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, they actually do come up with some hilarious- I'm sort of an entrepreneur and so I have a lot of ideas and, you know, I- A lot of enthusiasm that is not necessarily followed through with.

Right.

And not- I just- I think I'm a very- The character is very smart, but he doesn't know how to sort of focus his energy.

So he ends up spreading himself so thin that he sort of gets lost in all of his ideas.

And he's sort of ADD in that way.

Like, can't quite concentrate on one thing specifically.

ADD.

What does that stand for?

I've never heard that before.

Really?

Yeah, what is that?

Attention deficit disorder.

Huh, I'm gonna write that down.

Write it down.

Your son, Forcithia, has a little bit of that.

That's right.

Did you see her son?

I did.

I saw him in the car and he was- Not paying attention to his Game Boy?

No, with sort of hands on the windshield.

He was making turkey patterns on the windshield.

Thanks, giving is coming up, so it's the time.

Right.

We actually had a home on Seaside Heights and we were going to be there for Thanksgiving, so he's acting out.

Hey, don't tell me the sky's the limit.

They are footprints on the moon.

Oh, that's true.

That's a good point.

Wow.

Well, I feel like we've gotten to know that on the surface level.

Yeah, should we get going?

But I feel like we need to take a break and when we come back, we need to really dive deep.

Yeah, let's get deep.

You know?

Like, let's find out about your pain.

Yeah, Dan might come out.

Okay, good.

Yeah, all right.

So let's take a break.

We'll be right.

How do you like to go to a break for Sothia?

What's that?

Oh, we'll just do a slow fade.

Okay, great.

Let me just queue up a track.

Sure thing.

I like that you have to enter your passcode each time you go to a song.

It's not slowing the process down at all.

It's not.

I don't think it is.

A lot of important contexts on that phone.

You don't want people to see?

That's right.

Here we go.

Feels very organic.

This is Hooba Stank.

So you play a lot of Hooba Stank?

Just this one song.

Just the one.

That's right.

Was Jerome's favorite before he left?

We'll talk about why Jerome left, by the way, when we get back.

I want to get into your pain too, for Sothia, because a lot of people, you know, they share their pain on your show, but who watches The Watchmen?

Good question.

We'll find out right after this.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here.

And for Sothia is my special co-host, the entire hour program.

That's right.

I'm for Sothia.

And what was your radio station?

It's 101.1.

W-I-N-D, The Wind.

The Wind, yes.

And where does that reach?

It seems to reach Massachusetts.

I'm out of Cleveland locally, but it's syndicated.

It's nationally and internationally syndicated.

Internationally?

What countries?

Only in Bulgaria.

Really?

Yes.

A lot of pain.

Oh, I see.

It's really- A lot of struggles in Bulgaria.

I think Christopher Cross had a pretty extensive tour in Bulgaria.

Oh, yes.

And I think that probably led to- I think you might be right.

I think you might be right.

Yeah.

I think Run With The Wind was written about literally running with The Wind.

A riding, right?

Like The Wind.

Right?

Like The Wind.

Wasn't running with The Wind.

Right.

That was an entirely- But maybe a sequel song.

Right.

But Ride Like The Wind, and I think that- You feel it?

You don't have to stop that at all, of course, at the end.

I was just skipping to the next Christopher Cross.

What do I have here?

This is one of my favorites.

Whenever I'm really struggling with a choice or a teacher at school who's giving Jeremy a bitch of a time, I listen to this.

I lay down on my yoga mat and I stretch it out.

And I pretend I'm on a sailboat just off seaside heights.

The former seaside heights.

That's right.

It still- It still exists.

It still zoned.

It's just most of the buildings.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Oh, you have a lovely voice.

Thank you.

Really, damn.

Thank goodness.

I always thought Christopher Cross had a lion face, much like Lionel Richie.

Right.

Which is how he got his name.

His parents looked at his face and named him that.

Yeah.

I'd like a fact check on that.

Okay, I'll definitely do that for you.

He's from San Diego.

But it wasn't quite a lion.

That's why they added the EL.

Right.

Yes.

They're like just in case.

Yeah, they were like lion-esque, but that sounds a little too, you know, a little too bourgeois.

Right, right.

Lionel.

Yes.

Right.

They also could have thought he was going to be a girl since Ellen French is a girl.

Yeah, they didn't quite have the info they needed when they made that decision.

When they saw his face, lion got it.

Right.

Baby's penis comes out.

Oh, I see.

So they named it lion-esque.

They named it when the head was just out of the vagina.

That's right.

Before they got it suctioned, washed off.

Then they knew.

Yeah.

Because sometimes the shyness and penises look like different when they're just coming out.

That's right.

Sometimes the penis hasn't popped out yet.

Yeah.

And sometimes you can see what you think is a penis, but it's just a bit of blood and placenta.

That's right.

Right.

That's right.

A lot of mistakes happen.

A lot of us.

Look, I'm not defending them, but I understand.

It immediately post-womb.

Yeah.

I think my parents were smart.

Nat, because it could have gone.

It's appropriate for a boy or a girl, which sure is.

And I think they had that confusion.

Isn't that short for something?

Nathaniel.

Isn't it now?

It is now.

Oh.

Yeah.

Not a lot of people think it's short for Than or Daniel.

But.

Right.

I see.

Dan, there we go.

Well, speaking of Dan, I would love to talk about something a little bit more.

Well, just some of your troubles and your struggles and the things that you call for Cynthia here about.

And what's your most secret pain that you've never discussed with anyone?

Mostly it's animal related.

Yeah.

And I think a lot of pets.

Or I do have a lot of pets.

Oh, wow.

About how many?

What's the count?

We're up to 14 now.

14.

And I think a lot of times, I associate and connect more with animals than I do humans.

Oh, that's common.

Yeah.

That's really common.

And so I just keep collecting pets for different emotions.

Yeah.

A lot of people do that with possessions as well.

They relate to their possessions more than they do other human beings and they keep collecting and collecting.

Yeah, exactly.

So would you say you're an animal hoarder?

I don't know if I'm ready to admit that.

All right.

Would you say you're a regular hoarder?

Yeah.

Who also hoards animals.

No, I'm a regular hoarder.

But animal hoarding, I'm not sure.

You're not correct.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay.

So you're saying 14.

It's a low number.

But you are an animal lover.

I'm an animal lover.

You have several charities that you are the face of.

Yes.

Yeah.

Pets.

Petsmart.

Petsmart is a charity.

I didn't realize that.

There's two different.

Petsmart is a store, but there's also a charity.

Oh, they're not connected.

For the intelligence of animals.

Cogating.

Yeah.

And it's a charity to try to get scientists to sort of boost animals intelligence so that they can be equal to humans.

Is that?

That's right.

Well, a lot of us think they are equal to humans.

I see.

So we're not, we're just trying to...

Aware.

Yeah.

Make aware.

So you think they're as intelligent as humans, just their lips don't work.

They don't have the right lipriture and tongues in order to form words?

That's exactly right.

Yeah.

Lipriture's a word as well.

Yes.

Thank you.

That's where words come from, your lips.

Right.

Yes.

There you go.

Yeah.

So when a dog is, you know, licking you, they're actually saying, I want to be your best friend.

And I want to hold you in the night.

Sounds smart.

And I want to lie down next to you.

Yeah, Lionel.

Not only did you bring back you connected lips at Lionel to lying down.

It was a trifecta of connected tissues.

Nice.

That's why she's the best.

46 years you've been.

That's right.

46 years?

Did you say?

Yeah.

Wow.

Ever since, it seems to me since the 60s, huh?

Yeah.

I started when I was Jeremy's age 14.

So you're a six year old.

I've had this voice since I was just post pubescent.

And...

Describe those years just when things started to bud.

And sprout.

Well, I lived with a single mom.

Father had been killed in Korea.

And, you know, I noticed a change.

I would go into the store.

This was, there was a year when my mother kept me in the home during the pubescent years.

Oh, okay.

Because it was like an old school red tent sort of situation.

The transition year?

That's right.

I was also terribly ugly.

And so when I shifted into a new voice, a new face, a new bosom, and I went out just simply to get a glass jug of milk, we had no stoop delivery in that day.

Sure.

So they sell them by the jug.

That's right.

Glass jug.

That's right.

And...

And how much was a glass jug of milk back then?

It was 22 cents.

How things have changed.

Isn't that right?

Yeah.

So I went in and I said Edgar, hello, it's me, Forcythia.

This is the man at the general store?

That's right.

The small general store that only sold milk and cigarettes.

And...

Glass jugs of milk and cartons of cigarettes.

I don't know.

By the cartons.

I don't know what else you would need though, really at that time.

Not in that time.

Everything else you either grew or harvested in your basement.

Right.

It was a very simple life.

That's right.

Yeah.

We all made our own clothes.

We used, you know, different cottons to roll our hairs.

Yeah, pigs down in the basement.

You would slaughter.

Different animals.

That's where my love of animals came from.

No, no.

And were they...

Were they with slaughtering animals?

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Okay.

No, no, no.

That's...

I understand the evolution.

And that you know, you give and you take.

Okay.

You know.

Oh, okay.

Well, it wasn't really not as an animal lover.

That's a healthy viewpoint.

You don't have animals in your home that you would also eat though.

Those are...

No.

Generally speaking, those are domesticated.

Yes.

Tamed animals.

Yes.

I am a animal lover and also a carnivore at heart.

So it's, you know, it might be...

And in practice.

In in practice.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, back to...

Back to...

Right.

So I walked into the store.

Edgar, I spoke to him.

Yeah.

I hadn't seen him in a year.

Right.

He didn't recognize me because I had had my face wrapped in bandages for so long.

And...

Wait. You...

Okay.

Back up one second.

You'd been gone a year.

Your mother had kept you in the house for a year.

Yes.

But prior to that...

Prior to that, you had been in bandages.

It was almost like a Michael Jackson scenario.

I see.

This was a result of puberty?

That's right.

I...

This...

You know, the several years that you go through the transition.

From when you...

First your mother wraps your face and bandages when it's...

On the onset of puberty.

And then when the years...

The year-long period when breasts start to sprout.

That's right.

She just takes you out of the equation entirely.

Right.

Okay.

It keeps you underground until you personally have come to terms.

I see.

We had daily mirror exercises, you know.

And when you say that, do you mean she was doing the mirror exercise with you?

Oh no.

Or she would imitate you.

Or...

I'm sorry.

That was confusing.

The eye level is the thing.

The theatrical exercise of mirroring.

No.

I'm speaking of...

We had a small hand mirror that I would look at myself and different parts of myself.

Every day, daily.

With affirmations of you are beautiful.

You are God's creation.

Great.

You are the night's ecstasy.

And then after a year of that, she felt like I was ready to own that.

Ready.

And so your first stop, the general story.

That's right.

For a simple glass jug of milk.

Glass jug of milk.

Baby steps.

That's right.

It was.

I took tiny baby steps because my legs had been bound as well.

Oh wow.

That's why it took me so long to get in here.

Bound together.

But yes.

That you couldn't spread them and put them here.

That's right.

I see.

Okay.

That part of you is not beautiful.

Then...

Shut up!

I'm sorry for so many ideas.

I'm sorry.

I'm so sorry.

You're a little defensive about your...

I don't think you should ever apologize.

For...

You don't think people should ever apologize?

No, just for Cynthia in this moment.

Oh thank you.

Yeah.

I felt like that was just...

That was a justified lashing out.

Okay, but you agree that people should apologize just in general.

In general?

As a general practice?

I...

Yeah, I'm on board with that.

Okay.

I'm on board.

You have apologized to people in the past?

Yeah, not much.

You know?

Because I feel like most times I'm in the right.

Oh okay.

Yeah.

Well if you're in the right, then you should apologize.

Right?

It doesn't feel like sort of like a week in time.

It's like they don't understand what you're going through and why you acted that way.

Yeah, yeah.

Exactly.

I understand.

Yeah.

Okay anyway, so get back to Edgar.

Because your legs had been bound together so you could not see or touch your vagina.

That's the point I had not been bound.

I was unbound.

You were unbound.

You were free.

You were one.

I was in a simple red dress that my mother had sown for me.

And I, you know, took the small excursion.

It took me 45 minutes to go one block.

Wow.

Were you crawling at all or...

No crawling just tiny baby steps as you suggested earlier.

And were they painful?

No, not at all.

Not at all.

How did it feel to feel that just the sun beating down upon you?

I assume it was a sunny day.

Maybe it was raining.

I don't know.

That's a good question.

It felt like layers were coming off of me.

The freedom returning.

Was it also because a lot of dead skin that you had kind of built up and that basement was sort of shedding?

Perhaps, perhaps an exfoliation was happening.

Perhaps metaphorically I was coming out of my own skin as a snake does shedding from one skin to the next.

Metaphorically and actually.

Well, a snake does.

I didn't actually shed a snake skin.

Oh, okay.

But you shed your own human skin.

That's right.

Okay.

Just out of curiosity, force it to be, is this something that happens to you every couple of years you go through this process over a band?

The basement process, yeah.

I try to reinvent myself.

The only thing that's really stayed the same was my voice and my love of light favorites.

Which is why you're so good at your craft.

Right.

I stay true to that.

Everything else can change, you know.

The wig with the tight bun.

The large scarf, I changed, you know.

I try to change locales.

I'm in Cleveland now, but I was in St. Augustine prior to that.

Do you change aliases?

Always for Sethia.

Oh, okay.

Good.

Sethia.

Oh, gosh.

Yeah, that was a loud one.

Sorry.

I couldn't see.

I was looking dead into your eyes.

You were.

It was very scary.

And I couldn't see.

And then you just kind of slap that finger.

Yeah, you slapped that finger chime like it was a like it was Jerome's kid.

Anyway, Edgar Jerome is the kid.

I'm getting a little confused.

No, Jeremy is my son.

Jeremy's your son Jerome was okay.

Right.

Yeah.

I need to write.

My ex lover.

Your ex lover.

Yeah.

Jeremy Jerome.

That's right.

Yeah.

Sounds like more stays at the time.

Is it?

I don't I'm not familiar with the more stay.

It's a more peppy.

Did you ever consider naming your son, Jaramel?

Mm.

If it was a if it was a girl, I say, it's funny because the in Spanish, you know, I think the L is the masculine.

That's masculine.

That's right.

And French.

It's the feminine.

That's so.

It means girl.

Different languages.

Like what's going on with that?

Yeah.

I mean, yeah, it feels.

I don't really understand why there are different languages .

Yeah.

Well, I mean, we all know that it was due to the Tower of Babel and God striking down among us and splitting us all asunder and as a punishment for our wicked ways.

And so that we could.

What did we do that was so bad?

Well, we dared to affront him with a giant building that tried to reach the heavens.

And we were trying to say that we were as big as God.

And, you know, he struck us down and he split us all up so that we couldn't talk to each other.

Then we were smarter because we learned how to speak the other languages, which, you know, is now the Rosetta Stone thing, which is another affrontary to God, is when you learn another language, that's like saying, hey, fuck you, God.

I'm going to, you know, get over your punishment.

So we all know this.

I mean, you know what I'm pleasantly surprised at is how wonderfully Christian this show is.

Yeah.

No, I mean, we try to get the word out and.

No, I just I didn't know that coming into it, but now I feel just safe for him.

Good.

You are.

Okay.

The straight and narrow moral values all the way.

Truth, truth, getting it out.

That's what I'm saying.

We're in a new era.

We have a new president.

Anyway, so let's get back.

Let's get back to, uh, to Edgar.

Wow.

We haven't finished this story.

No, we have not.

All right.

Thankfully.

So I'm stepping up into the shop and no one else is there.

No one else in the store other than Edgar.

No one else.

So it's a safe place.

That's right.

Edgar's I've known Edgar since I was a baby.

And, um, Did he deliver you or is it was he like half, uh, in general store proprietor, half town doctor?

The hospital is in the back storage room.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

In this town.

Great.

So, um, Right.

Makes sense.

I step up.

I say hello, Edgar.

Can I have my jug of milk and he knew that you were coming in because you said that almost as if he should know that he didn't.

He didn't.

He may have expected my mother, but he did not expect me nor the new butterfly I had become.

And my voice washed over him and he immediately came in his pants.

He ejaculated in his, that's right.

In his, in his underwear's.

And in that moment, I knew what I would do for the rest of my life.

Mm.

Make men come in their pants.

Play light favorites on late night radio station.

Soothe people with my voice.

All right.

Cause there are other ways to make men come in their pants.

Are there?

Certain strippers, I think.

Hmm.

Fair enough.

On a nightly basis, you know, but, uh, but your voice.

It was my voice alone that did it.

Wow.

That story brought a lot of, I think, understanding.

To who I am.

To who you are.

It brought a lot of emotions up to the surface with you too .

Yeah.

You're, you're sort of flush.

A lot of parallels.

Yeah.

You know, in our conversations that we've had, um, pre-ded ication time.

On the wind.

Uh, prior to you getting on the air.

Yeah.

We, there are a lot of parallels between Nat and, and my raising.

Mm.

Yeah.

And what's next?

We should also, I just, we should let the listeners know that that was an abbreviated version of that story.

Yeah.

Oh, that's right.

That, that story actually is much, much longer.

It's a lot like John Hausmann with his four autobiographies .

Right.

You can only cover so much of one's life in a short story.

Mm.

You know, you need to really just let it breathe.

Yes.

So what parallels are there to your upbringing?

Mostly causing other men to come in their pants.

Okay.

Um, and, and the, uh, The majority of it?

Majority of it.

Yeah.

95%.

Yeah, because when, you know, I had a, you know, in, in, in , I wasn't bound and I wasn't, um, wrapped.

Not physically.

Not physically, but emotionally I was, you know, and I, you know, if all my life had, had sort of crooked teeth and, um, often felt that I was bound by that.

Yes.

And then.

So you had just a tooth covered body where it was just like you just felt like all of your teeth were suffocating.

Yes.

And then you sort of, you know, you sort of get to a point where you, you know, you make, uh, a man come in his pants and then you, and by that you 're sort of realizing that you can embrace the, you can do anything that you can do anything.

And you can do anything and you can embrace holding you back to making a man come.

And in fact, they are helping in some cases, in some cases, because some people like that.

Right.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

What is the specific gift that you've been given that you can defeat the darkness with?

Right.

And bring about love.

Because that's what it's all about.

That's right.

For me, it's my teeth.

And for me, I haven't quite found it yet, but I would love to sort of figure that out with, with you guys on the show.

I mean, do you think it's a physical or emotional?

Gosh.

I think I'm really in touch with my emotions.

So not so much in touch with my body.

I kind of often feel like I'm floating above my body looking down at myself.

When does that feeling happen?

Monday through Sunday, usually.

24 seven.

Oh, yeah.

24 six.

Excuse me.

20.

No, 24 seven.

Okay.

It's a 358.

I take a week off in just to, you know, go visit home.

358.

You live in a year that is two days longer than everyone else.

365, I believe.

Oh, fuck.

What's this?

That's okay.

You don't have to know.

I'm sorry.

I'm used to being up at midnight.

And so this is a little early for.

This is very early for me.

Maybe you haven't noticed all of our voices are quite deeper than they normally are.

And I think a lot of people think that a year is 358.

You know, I think that's not.

I thought in my mind, it was 356.

356.

Yes.

Oh, I see.

Really, it's 365.

That can happen.

No, I don't think you're not alone.

Your year is almost up.

What a full belief.

You know?

Ah, that's a good point.

What a full belief.

That's right.

And we all play the fool sometimes.

Everybody plays the fool.

Certainly we do.

You know what I mean?

Sometimes.

But yeah, I often just feel like that I'm a puppet master controlling myself.

Right.

From up above me and that I'm making all the wrong choices.

And I think that's reflective too.

Maybe in the way you come, you know, the way you, your wardrobe, you know, you wear a lot of sort of dour colors.

And maybe you need to let yourself pop a little bit more.

I tend to in my bedroom, my boudoir, sometimes call it.

I tend to just keep all of my different types of clothing in separate piles.

So I'll have the underwear's pile.

I'll have the shirt pile.

I'll have the jacket pile.

And I just tend to just kind of reach into the pile and pick out whichever one.

And you know, they never match.

Right.

You know, that's part of the system.

They just, they never match.

And I look terrible.

I found.

I look really bad.

And you know, I kind of hate myself.

Well, it's a system of chaos.

You're setting yourself up for failure.

I don't know how to get out of the system though.

You know, it's like I've set up the system.

I need to follow through on it.

Is it just your closet that you have this problem with?

Because there are California closets or the container stores.

It's also my refrigerator.

I tend to have about 20 different refrigerators.

Many refrigerators obviously.

Microfriges.

Yeah, microfriges.

And every ingredient is in a different fridge.

And I just pull out of them and just whatever.

That's how you eat.

That's how I eat.

It's disgusting.

That's why you have fat in weird places.

Yeah, I do.

Like especially, like whose kneecap is fat?

Not many.

Yeah, but mine is.

Yours though.

Yeah.

Maybe it's just, maybe it's just starting over.

Maybe it's, maybe it's moving.

So just.

Literally.

Just ending it all and starting it over.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Yeah, like do a fake commit suicide.

A fake suicide.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

But not a fake suicide.

But not a fake commit suicide.

Look at this slight difference.

Yeah, but it's an important difference.

But I thought about that.

I thought about just like faking my own death.

And then, you know, popping up again in some other place.

You know, Bulgaria maybe.

And just, you know, just like going, surprise, I'm someone new.

Ha ha ha ha.

Will you be my best friend?

Yeah.

Just lick them.

Really?

Yeah, just like a dog.

Yeah.

Okay.

I want to be your new best friend.

Yeah, I want to sleep with you at night.

Exactly.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The lips, we're back to the lips.

Yeah.

Anyway, we'll probably never solve my problems here.

You know, I mean.

We can sure try.

Can we?

I think so.

With my teeth and forcytheas.

Soothing voice.

And my mini fridges.

We.

We have the tools to make a new utopia.

Okay.

Well, I would love to do that.

Tell you what, why don't we take another break?

Sounds good.

And when we come back, we'll fix me.

Forcythead, do you mind?

Yeah.

Take us to break.

Take us out.

Yeah.

Sorry.

Get that passcode going.

Just one, done, done.

I'm not in my normal studio, so I don't have my.

Yeah, your computer banks.

How about a little Jim Croci I skipped?

Oh, that's going to hit him right there.

♪ It seems to be enough time to do the things that you want to do. ♪ One, two, three.

And that's exactly what I was just talking about.

Thematic.

Yeah.

♪ I've been around and I don't know. ♪ ♪ You're the one I want to do. ♪ ♪ Time. ♪ I prefer the Sesame Street Ralph version of this song.

Which one is Ralph?

He's that little weird, it looks like a bear, I think.

Is he a bear?

What is Ralph?

Ralph is a bear.

The piano player.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The muppet.

There's more than one bear.

Fosse is a bear, right?

Fosse is a bear.

Why so many bears, Jim Henson?

God, if only he were alive so we could ask him that.

♪ Fosse is a bear ♪ Oh, well.

Yeah.

All right, well, let's take a break.

We'll be right back with a little more comedy bang bang after this.

♪ Fosse would be empty ♪ ♪ Fosse, mama mama mama ♪ ♪ Fosse, mama mama mama ♪ ♪ Fosse, mama mama mama ♪ This is sadly, I love all these songs.

Yeah.

And it's like.

Unironically.

Unironically, I could listen to this in my car right now.

I'm thinking about turning the show over to you, Fosse for the remainder of the year.

I don't have anything else to do at 10 a.m.

♪ Fosse, mama mama mama ♪ ♪ Rood ♪ ♪ Fosse, mama mama mama ♪ I love it.

Welcome back to the show, comedy bang bang.

We're here with Fossety and Nat Facts and, you know, none of us have ever met each other, but I really feel like we're on common ground at this point , you know?

Yeah.

That last segment we really tore through.

We did.

And I think it was a great call opening up and getting a little deeper.

Yeah.

Both really was.

Both shedding layers emotionally and then also taking off our coats.

And I think that helped.

Yeah.

I'm a little chilly, but it's worth it.

Yeah, it was worth it.

Really worth it.

I feel like you guys are my best friends.

Is that weird or say I shouldn't have blurted that out, but I just...

No.

There's nothing weird about that at all.

Okay.

Thank you.

Nothing.

Whoo.

Do you guys feel that way about me?

Oh, I mean, you didn't say bad guy.

Yeah, sure.

Sure.

All good.

Okay.

I'd like to stop holding your hand, but other than that...

Never.

Maybe stop touching me with your fat knee.

It's kind of hard.

It's a small room.

It's true.

And it is out there.

But it's true.

Yeah.

Well, guys, we have just one of our most favorite features on the show here to do.

And we all know what that is.

And it's a little time for something we call would you rather?

♪♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Alright.

Time to play would you rather?

I would have rather that gone on a little longer.

Me too.

And thank you so much for giving it the respect that it deserves.

Absolutely.

The remaining silent.

A lot of guests aren't silent during the entirety of the would you rather theme.

They say why?

It's a long way.

It's not fair.

No, it's not.

It's a good song.

Somebody put a lot of time into that.

Yeah, they did.

Well, it's time to play would you rather?

And we all know how this is played.

People send me would you rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBB-WIR, which is Comedy Bang Bang, would you rather?

Please do not send them to me.

Otherwise, I'll put them on the would you rather pile?

And by the way, that is not a pile of would you rather is that I am going to use, like wood on a wood pile that you would use, you know, fire .

Or a pile of underwear or a pile of shirts.

Yes, exactly.

It's not like any of my piles of clothing.

It is actually a pile that discarded would you rather just go upon.

Mm-hmm.

So if you're a little confused, you're sending them to my personal Twitter because you're like, oh, I want to get them on that would you rather pile the pile of would you rather scenarios that Scott will use on the show.

You are mistaken.

You need to, they will end up on the discarded would you rather pile.

I just really want to make that clear to people because there's been some confusion in the past.

It's confusing.

It is confusing.

Yeah.

Even when I'm listening to you right now, I'm confused.

Okay, well, I can go over it again if you like.

Yeah, with love, maybe.

Okay, well, here we go.

So if you send it to me, what I do with them then is I put them on the would you rather pile.

Now, I know that's usually where the confusion starts, okay ?

It's because people go, oh, I want to get on that pile.

Right.

Get me on that would you rather pile, which must be akin to a wood pile.

Right.

Because it's wood, wood.

Yes, would you like to put.

And then this would.

How much would.

Yes.

Would it would chuck exactly?

Right.

What I'm trying to say is that this would you rather pile that I put these would you rather scenarios on to is actually the pile of discarded would you rather.

Right.

They go, they go into the dustbin.

Is there a word besides pile that might mean something where we discard something?

Oh, I don't think there is.

That's the problem.

That's the trouble.

Can we say heap?

No.

I don't think that is a real word first of all.

Right.

But anyway, so you I think that's clear.

Just send them to our Twitter CBBWIR.

Should we go over it again or do you think people got it?

I could go over it again later tonight.

Okay.

I'll give you guys both a call wherever we're hanging out tonight.

I'll probably just go over it with you.

Okay.

As best friends.

Okay, good.

So this comes to us from Nick Jacklson.

Oh, by the way, I haven't fully explained the rules.

So I'll say the scenario.

I will then open the floor for questions.

You guys are free to ask me any question in order to help narrow down your choice for a scenario.

Okay.

Because there's a lot of detail that isn't in the questions that you'll want to ask about.

I will then answer any question that I have because I have all the answers here.

I will then shut down the floor for questions.

You will vote.

We'll tally up the points and we will then assign a winner.

I think it's that simple.

So here we go.

Is that clear to you?

Not really, but I think I'll understand.

You'll get it once we're moving.

This comes to us from Nick Jacklson, aka at Novelty Hat.

Jacklson is a made up last name.

It is, but Novelty Hat is not.

That is his real name.

Okay.

He asks, would you rather pocket dial your mother whenever you say something you don't want her to hear or recite all of Hamlet before you can fall asleep?

Would you rather pocket dial your mother whenever you say something you don't want her to hear or recite all of Hamlet before you can fall asleep?

And I am now opening the floor for questions.

Is this a world in which we have a mother that we care about what she thinks?

This is probably a little different than your world, yes, for Cynthia.

This is a world where maybe you were more traditionally raised.

You didn't go through the leg binding in order to shame your vagina.

This is a world where your mother was a little more supportive and so you care about what, and yet she's also judgmental because if you don't want her to hear things, you're hiding things from her.

Truly.

Yeah.

So it is a little bit different than your experience.

Okay.

And as far as the Hamlet scenario, what text would we be working with?

What translation?

Oh, good question.

Is that going to...

Translation from English?

Yeah, from... you know, whether... am I English to English?

I believe this would be the English to English text.

Ah, exactly.

Exactly.

Okay.

And not the old English...

Not the old English.

Old English.

No, no, yeah.

This is just pure English to English.

Yeah, pure like every single word is exactly the same.

I don't know why they bother.

Okay.

But they do it.

They sit there translating it.

Okay.

Yeah.

Because a lot of times, you know, it goes to English to another language.

For...

Yeah, no.

Yeah.

And that translation...

That translation is difficult.

I am very clear on all the different translations...

Thank you for clearing that up.

Of Shakespeare.

So no problem there.

Okay.

Does the reciting have to be word for word?

Were I to mess up part way through?

Would I have to begin again at the beginning?

Yeah.

It's a lot like survivor challenge rules, where you have to...

If you fall off the relay race, you have to go back to the beginning.

So, you know, when you're ending for let for captains bear Hamlet like a soldier to the stage, for he was likely had he been put on to improve most roy ally and for his passage, the soldiers' music and the rights of war speak loudly for him.

Take up the body such a sight as this.

Oh, you just messed up.

I just messed up.

I would have to go all the way back to the beginning.

So we're like, who's there?

Nay, answer me.

Stand and unfold yourself.

Long live the king, Bernardo.

He...

Oh, we have to say the characters' names as...

No, that was actually...

That was Francisco Singh Bernardo.

Okay.

With the question.

And Ardo?

No.

No, it would be twice as long if you had to say every character's name.

Okay, follow up question.

Do you have to assume a character while you're reciting it?

Do I have to be Guildenstern?

You have to, yeah, embody in these characters.

And use a voice.

Yeah.

And if the voices are the same, then do you then have to start over from the beginning?

If the voices are too similar, if the voices are found to be too similar by the judge on high, who doesn't allow you to fall asleep, then yes, you are reset and you have to be getting it.

Also called your conscience.

Yeah, well, some people would call that.

And it's an honor system.

And we're this...

An honor system where someone is judging you and forcing you to do things, yes.

So there's someone crouching in the corner above you as you sleep?

Yes.

Yeah, when I say the person above you, I don't mean like some sort of holy presence.

No, no, no, you...

There's literally a man stuck to the top of the ceiling, sort of like Spider-Man or that exorcist.

Right.

Well, because most of us have sort of a loft, kind of like a live work space.

And so that makes sense that they...

And it was similar to that movie starring Phoebe Cates, where she had the little green man.

It was like, what was that?

Yes, fast times is rich, man high.

Right, right.

That little green man, Sean Penn.

That's right.

Yeah.

That's right.

Okay.

Just like Fash times.

Exactly.

I'd have to see.

I'd have to start this whole podcast over again.

Because you said Fash times?

Yeah, good thing we don't have to start it over again.

Now the types of things that we are going to be saying for our mother's ears to hear, are they...

damning, are they?

Let me ask you this.

What would you least like your mother to hear out of your mouth?

Can you say that?

Do you have the courage to say that?

Even if she might be listening to this podcast?

Wow.

I think I'd...

Oh my gosh.

It's tough.

I know, but you can do it.

Why do you always do this to me?

Wait me or is that what you're saying for my mother?

Oh God.

Probably what...

I would probably...

Oh God.

Nah, that didn't expect me either.

And I'm confused whether this is to her mother or to us.

I'm very confused, but you know, I'm going to comfort her.

I would probably say your abuses made me who I am and I thank you.

Okay.

So I think it's to her mother.

And you wouldn't...

Yeah, maybe that was to me though.

I think that might have been to be using her a little bit.

So wait, you would want your mother, you would not want your mother to hear that.

No, I would never want her to know that.

No, you appreciate it.

Because I've been cursing her name.

She'd treat.

I mean, now that I've been in therapy, I understand a lot.

When did you go into therapy?

Just this past September.

Oh, really?

That was really soon.

Wow.

I remember the...

Right.

Just sort of has an anthem of don't treat me that way.

Right.

I can't go for that.

Now I understand that wasn't the right song choice.

No, it's more of a cautionary.

Don't try anal sex on me.

Right.

Yeah, it's a different meaning.

But...

Yeah.

Oh, I'm sorry, gentlemen.

No, don't be sorry.

And in fact, I thank you and I want to honor your commitment and your honesty.

Can I ask another question about the mother scenario?

Would we...

If we were...

Does it matter who we're talking to while the butt dialing is sort of occurring?

No, it's any time that you say something, anything even close to what you wouldn't want your mother to hear, all of a sudden you're butt dialing it.

Yeah, pocket dialing.

Yeah, yeah, your mother.

I'll say it's like automatic.

Right.

It's like when you say those things, your body contorts in such a way, just that's how your body does it to where you're leaning against your phone that way.

But it doesn't matter who at the time you're speaking with, if you're by yourself or you're in your car or you're having a conversation with your lover, you don't ...

Sure, if you're by yourself talking to yourself as we all do, and chastising yourself...

And your mother.

And you're in your car saying, well, why do you act the way you act?

Right, like put on your signal, stupid person in front of me, and just like my mother did when she did signal.

You would twist your body in such a way that it calls her.

Right.

And she's on speed dial too, so it's that instantaneously.

And there's no passcode.

Yeah, this is a tough choice.

Those lips that love Zonhen, I'm just trying out my different voices.

Oh, yeah, it's a good one.

Who would that be?

Yeah, that would probably...

Is that actually Hamlet?

That would be Lothario.

Okay.

Yeah, Lothario, what have Hamlet's great characters?

Yeah.

Well, you know...

Shakespeare wrote such wonderful characters.

Yeah, he really did.

I know.

Lothario, come hence.

Yeah.

Excellent.

Pursuit by a bear!

That's what Tyree said.

Really?

Pursuit by...

In the winter's tail.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, different one.

Different one.

Very good.

What I love about this, would you rather, is that they're sort of in intertwine.

They are.

Sort of like...

Simatically.

If Hamlet was saying stuff about Gertrude, it's connected.

Hamlet had problems with his mother.

Exactly.

We all do.

Almost any piece of fiction, you can trace it back to having a bitch mom.

I mean, Ben and Kate.

Right.

You know what I mean?

Troubled childhood.

Troubled for bringing that back.

Yeah.

Have you gotten into your parents on the show?

No, we've never met them.

No.

I think we are...

We can assume they're dead.

We can assume, yeah.

We can assume they were killed.

So, when you watch Ben and Kate, the Paul of the parents' death is hanging over every scene.

Yes, exactly.

There's the religious element that we talked about earlier, and then just the horrible homicide that probably occurred.

Yes.

Just mere moments before the pilot, by the way.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Similar to a Batman, a really Batman scenario.

Yes.

The Mark of Zorro, you guys went out to see that.

That's a little nerdy.

Never mind.

That was the movie they went to see.

The Bucky Larson, same.

Bucky Larson, yeah.

My parents were killed when I went to go see Bucky Larson with Matthew Sweet.

I haven't talked about that on the show, but they came along with us, and then a gunman held up me and Matthew Sweet.

And my parents, they wanted Matthew Sweet's guitar.

And because he was carrying it with him to the movie, it was very weird.

But yeah, my parents were killed right there outside Bucky Larson.

It's a bummer that Matthew Sweet didn't give the guitar over.

I know.

But I know.

But just.

It was a nice guitar though.

That I understand.

You know, it sucks when your gear is stolen.

Yeah, it does.

You know, that's your livelihood as a musician, you know.

So I don't blame him.

I understand.

Is that when your piling began?

I never thought of that, but yeah, that is when my piling began.

Well, yeah.

Touchstone, touchstone.

Yeah.

Okay, well, any other questions about either the scenarios here, guys?

Do you have enough information to narrow down your choice?

I think so.

Okay, great.

Well, I'm closing the floor officially.

All right.

Okay.

The floor is officially closed at this point.

Okay.

Here we go.

Now, we're going to go to Nat first.

How do you like to vote here?

Do you like the pocket dialing your mother or reciting all of Hamlet before you fall asleep?

In the little man standing above you?

Reciting Hamlet.

And why is that?

I'm just a chameleon of sorts, guys.

I.

I've noticed that you really just get into roles.

Yeah.

I like to get into other character skins.

Yeah.

We haven't even talked about your character of Ben on this show.

I mean, you're totally different than what people are hearing right now.

What voice do you use on that?

It's sort of like a higher pitch, more energetic, like Kate .

Oh, man, I see it.

Yeah.

I see the transformation.

Yeah.

So, yeah.

That's a lot of actors feel like they need to lose or gain weight for roles.

It's like, no.

No, no.

Just put on a slightly higher pitch.

Exactly.

Yeah.

So, I feel like I could nail the upwards of 50 characters in Hamlet.

Yeah.

That'd be a good actors challenge for you.

It would be, you know.

You think you would ever tire of it?

No, because the text is so rich.

Oh, it's so rich.

Especially in the- I bet you would find new things.

Especially in that English-English translation.

Oh, such a good one.

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

All right.

Well, for Cynthia, how do you like to vote?

I would choose the mother butt dial, I think.

Just simply for the fact that were I to recite Hamlet, it could take hours.

Yeah.

It might take up your entire day.

With all the mistakes you would make.

Since I go to sleep at 6 a.m.

Sure.

It would prevent me from going to sleep until probably noon .

Yeah.

We didn't know once that, going to sleep at noon.

I mean, 6 a.m. is okay, but noon.

No, thank you.

Okay.

Great.

All right.

Well, let's tally up the points here.

We have, of course, Nat voted for the Hamlet scenario and for Cynthia voted for the pocket dialing.

And you know, you got Nat, of course, you chose correctly.

Wow.

But that doesn't mean you win, because honestly, for Cynthia, you got so many honesty points.

When you broke down.

Had my breakdown.

And you...

That's true.

It was raw.

It was more raw.

Yeah.

You were a little closed off.

I was.

I didn't know that.

You know it was the correct answer.

You chose safely.

Right.

And she threw herself into the unknown territory.

Yeah.

And so, but that is not enough points in order to overcome Nat's correct choice.

So, Nat, you are our winner.

Wow.

Thank you.

That felt great.

Yeah, good.

It feels good to win.

It does feel good.

Over someone who was that vulnerable.

I just thought this was appropriate for the win.

I really appreciate it.

And...

And I want you to know, go ahead.

No, I was just going to say, I feel like it's a great lesson to the listeners, to that sometimes really exposing yourself and being raw and being truthfully is not going to win you any.

It's not going to win.

You have to actually, you know, compete and choose the correct answer.

Yeah.

You know, you actually have to do a good job.

You can't just be like a lunatic who cries.

Right.

And then you're handed everything in life.

You know what I mean?

It doesn't work that way.

No.

Okay, great.

Well, that's of course how we play.

Would you rather?

For Cynthia.

Yeah.

And that's how we play.

Would you rather?

And I was going to say something, but I was refused to talk over the theme.

Yeah, I appreciate that one.

You were one of our better first guests, I have to say.

Thank you.

It's really a pleasure being on the show.

You're doing an amazing job.

Yeah.

Thank you guys.

Yeah.

First the win and then not talking over the theme.

I, you know, A+.

Yeah.

A+.

Speaking of A+, it's time for our final feature on the show .

And that is A plugs.

Come on.

Okay.

Thanks to Geysman.

That is comedy bang, dang, dang, dang, dang, dang.

Thank you, Geys.

If you have a plugs theme for the What's Up Hot Talk Memorial Plug section, please head on over to earwolf.com under the Comedy Bang Bang message boards and put it in the appropriate thread.

And you can be famous for a week.

Geys, you are famous this week.

Congratulations.

And it's Thanksgiving week.

So, you know, hey, this is a great week to be famous.

Yeah.

Come Monday though, you're back to obscurity for you guys.

But hey, enjoy this week.

And so the plug bag is open.

What do we have to plug?

Now, what do you got here?

Oh, I'm going to plug Ben and Kate.

Yeah.

Of course.

Why wouldn't you?

Tuesdays at 8.30.

8.30.

It follows raising hope.

Correct?

Yeah.

Yes.

And right before the new girl.

The new girl.

And right before the Mindy project.

Exactly.

What a night of television.

Beautiful.

You know what I would do?

If I weren't doing a show with the UCB every Tuesday night, I would just lock myself in my house.

I would like lock everyone out.

First of all, I'd board up the windows.

Yeah.

So just in case there was a zombie apocalypse or something, no one could get in and disturb my watching of that two hour comedy block on Fox.

I so appreciate that.

Thank you.

You did an episode actually about locking yourself in for the zombie apocalypse.

Oh, that's right.

Yes.

I saw that one.

Yeah.

So maybe that's why I'm thinking of it.

Yeah, it's perfectly appropriate.

So Ben and Kate every weekly.

Weekly.

8.30.

It's not like in every other week or a monthly show or it's on the first of the month.

It's actually every week.

It really is.

That's what's exciting about it.

And other things I get to plug.

Yeah, we plug anything.

What do you got?

You have screenplays, don't you coming up?

Right.

I directed a movie this summer with my writing partner, Jim Rash.

So we're doing Jim Rash directed a movie together.

Wow.

I can plug that.

When is that coming out?

Way, way back.

We are festivals.

Festivals.

And so.

Circuit.

I love the circuit.

Festivals.

Yeah, festivals.

Who doesn't love a great festival?

No one.

Utah, you go to Austin, go to Seattle.

Oh, we're targeting mostly Modesto and the.

Oh, Modesto Film Festival.

Yeah, right outside.

Sack.

Sack, town.

And what's it about?

Can you give us a little taste?

It's a coming of age story.

So it's more of a, less of sort of your groundlings background and more of a descendency kind of.

It's kind of a blend, actually.

Wow.

It's a bit of a blend.

But we do have some incredible.

Who's in it?

Steve Carell is in it.

What?

It's Tony Collette, Allison Janney, Sam Rockwell.

Wow.

Heavy hitters.

Tony Shaloub.

Tony Dansa.

Unfortunately.

Tony, Tony, Tony.

Unfortunately, most of the Tonys didn't.

They auditioned and then I can say they did great.

Mm.

But we had, you know.

Rafael Sadiq.

He's right in there.

We had to narrow it down.

For the other Tonys.

Yeah.

Yeah, not so much.

He is the star.

Let's all be.

Let's be frank.

Yeah.

And when you called to tell them they didn't get the part, you told them that, right?

Oh yeah, I sang it in a song.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

I sang it.

Good.

The way only Tony, Tony, would be able to hear it.

Tony, Tony.

Tony.

And anything else?

So with that.

Are you performing live?

Because I would love to see that while I'm in town.

Well, thank you.

I was in the Groundlings for a long time, but I'm not doing a show there.

But we do once in a while, do a show called the Beverly Windwood Showcase.

And I believe there's a show coming up in November at the Gay and Lesbian Center.

Oh, OK.

Well, I have seen that show.

And I will say it blows your mind.

OK.

Wow.

Thank you.

Yes, it's a benefit, I believe, for the center.

For the center, I think.

Oh, OK.

Oh, I thought it would be for PetSmart.

No?

Yeah.

That.

Your portion of raising money.

Well, PetSmart is actually a subsidiary of the Gay and Lesbian.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So money that is raised at the Gay and Lesbian Center goes to PetSmart.

Oh, I didn't know they were so intertwined, but that makes sense.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's just about communication.

Right?

Awareness.

And awareness.

Making a wear.

Well, that's, boy, those are great plugs.

Thank you.

I felt great to fill up that plug bag.

Yeah.

Well, for Sydney, what do you have to plug here?

I have a show, nightscapes, 101.1, W-I-N-D, the wind.

Wind.

The wind.

Is it W-Y-N-D or I-N-D?

W-I-N-D.

It's I.

I.

Oh, OK.

That was one.

OK, great.

W-I-N-D.

Yes.

W-I-N-D.

The wind.

Mm-hmm.

And it's Monday through Friday, beginning at midnight, and I take you into the four o'clock demon hour.

And yeah, find us on your local channels and support us.

You can also listen on the internet.

And yeah, tune in, call in.

I've been calling a lot of my friends to call in with ded ications, because for some reason, we've been running low.

What are some of you, we never got to any of your ded ications.

Is there any dedication?

Well, most recently, I enjoyed this one.

A gentleman called in and was asking about his, is this love.

It was a young woman, a Filipino woman.

He'd met in a Carl's junior parking lot.

And he fell for her instantly.

And the relationship was moving very fast, and soon her whole family moved in with him.

And so he just didn't know if it was right.

And I said, I don't know either.

Trust your heart.

And I don't think God.

It sounds like his heart was saying that it was not the right thing to do, that it wasn't love.

He was asking for advice, calling a random radio DJ.

Maybe he needed some reassurance.

Maybe he wasn't sure.

I think if you're calling a random radio DJ, there's a problem.

That's the first sign to knowing that the relationship isn 't right.

Yeah.

Perhaps.

I simply just played him a song and sent him on his way.

Great.

Fantastic.

What song did you play?

Yeah, I was going to say.

Oh, let me bring up my passcode.

Okay, great.

What is that passcode, by the way?

It's also the passcode to my alarm system, so I'm not going to tell you.

Okay, that's too bad.

Love to pop by the house tonight.

Mm.

Scattered pictures.

It's memories, huh?

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

So either way, going forward into a marriage, into a large family, he didn't really understand most of what she said to him.

Right.

They simply shared the joy of a flat hamburger.

All right, well, that's fascinating.

It does continue to enjoy a flat hamburger.

And that's just a taste.

Yeah.

Just a small taste.

Do you have any Twitter people that you follow that you'd love people to follow as well?

Oh, that's a good question.

I just, people you enjoy?

I follow a gentleman named Scott Awkwardman.

That's a different person than me.

He is quite the hilarious man.

I follow a man named John Daly, who I think is quite hilarious.

Sure, but what are any women that you?

There are a few women.

Let's see, Jessica Underscore St. Clair.

Sure, sure.

And another young woman named Atlin and Parham.

Atlin and Parham.

I don't, she doesn't tweet enough.

Yeah.

She retweets too much.

Can't get the balance right.

Yeah, she's finding it.

She's working on it, you know.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

And let's see, what do I want to plug?

Let's come to see Comedy Bank being every week at the UCB Theatre, the stand-up show that we do.

And oh, we have our big benefit coming up, our benefit for the LA Food Bank on December 4th.

That's going to be a huge show with every comedian that you've ever wanted to see at the Ricardo Montabon Theatre.

And 100% of the ticket sales go to the LA Food Bank.

So come on out and see us on December 4th, if it's not already sold out.

And that is it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Closing up the plug bag.

Bingo, mingo, mingo, mingo, mingo, mingo.

D'am, d'am, d'am, d'am, d'am, d'am, d'am, d'am, d'am.

That is, oh yes, that is Ken Marino closing up the plug bag theme, Casey Wilson, bro remix.

Wow.

Yeah, pretty good.

I could literally listen to that over and over again.

And guys, that's it, we've done it.

We did it.

That's our show.

Thank you so much for- You banged it.

It's great to meet you guys.

And what are we doing tonight?

Um, well, I probably just continue to hold hands, and I'll continue to rub my knee on you.

I thought maybe we could hit the clubs.

Really, you're into the clubs as a 60 year old woman.

That's right.

Great.

What club is your favorite?

Studio 52.

Really, that's- Two doors down.

It's not as good.

No.

Not as good.

But still going.

Yep.

Still not close.

Not like 54.

Yeah, not closed.

Probably because it's so boring.

Yeah.

You can really keep it going over decades.

Well, they're big Christopher Crossfan, so.

Huge Christopher Crossfan.

Alright guys, that's been our show.

Thanks.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

Happy Thanksgiving.

Later.

Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Dog.

Come.

Um.

The Wolf Dead.
