Comedy Maestro Judd Apatow is here for his very first appearance on Comedy Bang Bang.

We're very pleased to have him.

We're gonna be talking about his new movie, This Is 40.

And we're also gonna be hearing a song from Graham Parker, who is back together with the rumor.

All of that plus our intern Marissa Wamplers back. All of that and more, all on today's!

♪♪♪ In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups.

The police who investigate crime and the district attorneys who prosecute offenders. These are their stories.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Great catchphrase submission. Thank you Hand Banana for that one.

I think that one's gonna catch on. That might be the official one.

I mean, that sounds really professional. It's really well- written too. It's kind of familiar too, but I don't know.

Not ringing any bells. I mean ringing a bell, but I can't answer that bell. You know what I'm saying.

Hand Banana, thanks for that. If you have a catchphrase submission, please send it over to earwolf.com.

And boy, we have a fantastic show here. It is the Monday after Thanksgiving. I hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving.

You know I did. If you know anything about me, you know Thanksgiving, my favorite holiday, Bat Dance, my favorite song.

And we have a really special show here today because we have a really great guest who is sitting right in front of me.

A maestro of comedy. And you know I think it's gonna be a really interesting show.

And also our 16-year-old intern Marissa Wampler is here.

It's got here. I just got here. I took a mass transit from Marina Del Rey.

That's quite a long... How long does that take you?

I can't hear myself. I can't hear myself. Please turn yourself up or down.

I got it. Something's up with these cans. Okay. Oh, there we go. That was settling right in.

Hi, Marissa. How long does it take you to get here from...

It took me like two hours and 45 minutes.

That is commitment. Thank you so much for joining us though .

Thank you for stopping to a bus to the Blue Bus to the Green Bus. Oh, anyway. Sorry. I just apologized for my lat eness.

You know that you're supposed to be here every single episode and you only show up every few months.

Listen, I actually am supposed to be in school right now.

It's the Monday after Thanksgiving. You should be in school .

I know, but I decided to take a personal deck because there is a lot of drama happening at school.

Okay. All right. We'll get... Yeah. And I got a bone to pick with you.

Okay. Well, we'll get to that. Let's introduce our guest though because we're sitting here.

Oh my God. I'm freaking out right? I'm like literally freaking out.

Literally as opposed to figuratively freaking out?

No, I have hives over half my body. When you emailed me and told me who was gonna be, I was like, whoa, up and up! Okay.

Womp it up by the way as her catchphrase. Well, if this is your first show. Womp up the jams.

Yeah. Do you need your cans adjusted somehow? Yeah.

I would just turn up any of these knobs or turn it down, whatever you need.

Okay. There we go. There we go. Are we good? All right.

Yeah.

So let's get to... Do you want to introduce our guest or ...? Yes. Yes. I want to do that.

Okay. Okay. Ready. Okay. Okay. Hold on. I'm so nervous.

Stop looking at me.

Guests, stop looking at me. Okay.

Bring it to you live. For the animals it is.

I present with a very special guest.

You may know him from penning the various films such as 40 year old virgin.

Penning by the way. Please don't use variety. Speak. Yes.

He uses quill to pen these various films.

As part of the shingle. Knocked. Yes. Knocked up.

Oh, one of my favorites freaks and geeks.

Undeclared. This guy is so great.

And you guys are going to welcome him to the earwalls studios. Mr. Jud Apatow.

Oh, you're welcome.

Good. How are you? Nice to be here. Hi. How are you?

I'm very excited. That was a wonderful intro. Thank you.

You really know my work. Oh, I know you're UVA.

And if people are out there who have not heard of you, they think that you wrote knocked up and wrote freaks and geeks and undeclared from her intro. Yeah, right. Did it you? Yeah, but that's not his work is a little more all-encompassing than that.

More breath. Well, that's why I'm here to do the interview.

I don't do any research on our guests. I wanted to keep it fresh. All right. Well, John, I 'm sorry about Marissa here. She barely ever shows up. She happened to show up on this one.

I think she's a little bit of a star.

She tweets at me all the time. I do.

What are you doing tweeting at me? Yes, and at your daughter, Maude, who I aspire to be like. She is very cool.

At Maude Apatow. At Maude Apatow. She hasn't tweeted.

You know, weirdly enough, you tweet me back, but she does not. I thought she blocked you.

She blocked me. She blocked me. She said something inappropriate and she got scared and good. You said something about like, I know where you live, but I won't bother you.

Well, it was an invite to a sleepover. That was just going to be me and her and we never met yet. That she hosted. That she hosted. It was actually inviting myself over to your house. Usually she thinks if somebody is like tweeting at her a lot, like if it's a young woman or like you, like a teenager, like you, she thinks it's probably like a 60 year old man in Norway. Yeah. Well, and my profile picture looks a little like that.

Yeah, I mean, you have the body of a 60 year old man, definitely. We've talked about this on the show before. If you're not hearing, I mean, you can't see Maris, obviously, but normal sized head. Yeah, very normal sized head, tiny up top, almost like a skeleton up top, but then I widen out as much as I'm done.

Much like Grimace from McDonald's. Grimace or the pyramids and it widens out at the bottom.

Pyramids. That's a great way. You're like a three dimensional pyramid, which I guess a pyramid is three dimensional. I'm up here in a scheme. Otherwise it'd be a triangle. I'm up here in a scheme. Invest.

Once I went to a pyramid scheme when I was in college and I invested $2,000. Because my friend said like he invested $2,000 and he instantly got $6,000 back. And it was a very popular in Los Angeles, I guess, for a brief moment, the pyramid scheme.

And so we went to this house that was kind of half under construction, half completed, and the person who gave the speech saying how great a thing this was was LeVar Burton. What? What? Was he wearing those sunglasses from the Star Wars? That Berets from Star Wars.

No, Star Trek, X-Teter Agent. He was the one that told us like, you can believe in this. This is real. He's the guy who tweets pictures of all of his Emmys next to the fireplace. Actually, now they look back at it. Maybe he was the guy pretending to be LeVar Burton. You think it was a guy, did he have the sunglasses?

Is that why you think that it's just... Was he wearing the Star Trek uniform?

Was he wearing the Reading Rainbow uniform? Well, he said he was LeVar Burton, but now that I think about it.

Was he just a black man that you think looked like?

I just moved to LA and I might have been confused in that one.

They all look the same. They all look the same.

Judd, you, by the way, you brought along with you Grand Parker, who...

The Great. The Great Grand Parker, who just got back together with a rumor.

That's right. After 30 years, they just recorded a new record, Three Chords Good, which is kind of a great record. They're in my new film This Is 40 as well.

Yes. We want to say hi to Graham. Graham's going to hang out the entire show.

Graham, you're going to play a song at the end, right?

Allegedly, so I'm told, yes.

What did you bring? Did you bring an instrument? Yeah, he has his guitar.

Oh, that's exciting. That's what that is. That's what a guitar is.

Okay. Guys, I'm just catching up here. I'm still asleep.

Well, thank you so much for coming, Judd. Your new film, it opens on Christmas.

It's December 21st. It's us versus the movie where they kill Bin Laden.

You probably want to see both, but I may be... You're going to have a double header on that one.

You could do both at one night. You really have to decide for yourself, like, do you want to kill Bin Laden and then kind of get over it by relaxing with our comedy or see a comedy and be in a good mood, but then go, you know, I'd like to really...

Cap it off of something patriotic that stirs the soul.

This is something that supports America, but I'm going to promote both movies in all my interviews.

I think that's smart. I think that's smart. I think make a night of it.

I used to do that where I would sneak into another movie and one time I saw three in one day, and this is my favorite combination. I saw Beauty and the Beast, Disney's Beauty and the Beast first.

Oh, a classic. Then I saw Christian Slater's cuffs.

I don't know if you remember that one. I don't even remember that one.

Yeah, that was... He was really high off of Heathers and he was ready to make a go of it.

And then I saw JFK three and a half hours.

Do you think you might have been diagnosed as having schizophrenia after that?

I may have.

For having enjoyed all those films.

And there was a fight in JFK during the last half hour of it where a woman slapped an old woman in the theater.

Is this in New York?

No, no, no, no. Central California.

No.

Yeah.

Because in New York, I really do miss seeing... Oh, well, I 've only been to New York twice, but when I saw...

Really? When were you there, Marissa?

I visited with Seth and Diane, had a business trip, had a medical conference there, so we went.

And I saw... Oh, I saw Lord of the Rings there.

And I was sitting next to this large African-American woman , and she must have been insane, because she kept going, Oh, stupid habits.

Oh, now he's getting up to something, right?

And I, of course, was talking back to her like... I had started a conversation with beforehand, and then I realized , Oh, she might stab me. You know what I'm midway through?

Those dumb ass habits.

Yeah.

Did she ever stab you?

No, she didn't. In fact, we exchanged numbers.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah.

I'm a friend.

Yeah.

So this is 40. Let's talk about it. Great film, by the way.

You set up a screening for me.

So I saw it, and thank you so much.

You saw it alone, right? You saw it.

You know, it was very weird, but because I...

That's weird.

When they set up a screening for you, you assume it's like a screening is already happening, and they just invite you to it, and it's going to be a full theater.

No, I walk in, I'm the only person.

Oh, God.

Well, I told them, I said, you know, this is a powerful man , and he should see this all by himself.

Don't let anyone in the theater. I told him.

I couldn't even bring a friend.

Well, I think it's weird. You know, what happens is, you know, this movie oddly has been done for a few months.

We were thinking about coming out in the summer, and then everyone thought, you know, edgy family comedy would be a good compliment to the killing bin Laden movie.

And so it's been done for a while, and so we need to show people, and you have to say to yourself, well, do I try to like fill the house a little bit when important people such as yourself see it, or is the solo experience somewhat intimate and enjoyable?

So how did you find the solo experience?

Did you get during the show?

Come on, Marissa, you're a seven-year-old girl.

No, but there's no one in there.

She learned the term jerkage about a year ago.

I just want to know.

She uses it constantly.

Did you?

At what point?

In the point of the movie where it all is lost?

At one point, and I don't want to give away any spoilers, Judd, but at one point, you sort of film what I'm assuming is your fantasy of having your wife feel up Megan Fox.

There is a moment where she holds her breast to see if it's real or not.

This is a real scene.

I'm not making this up, Marissa.

This is inappropriate.

You're a real life wife.

You wrote a scene where she had to feel up Megan Fox.

Well, on the bra.

This is bullshit.

Yeah, well, it's on the bra, so it's okay.

That's okay to do, right?

I'm very awkward as a director when I have to make people do things like that, even though they're comfortable.

I remember when we did the four-year-old version, there's a scene where the woman's boob pops out in the middle of the speed dating scene.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

That was awesome.

You've seen that?

Yeah, it's not for a younger one.

Yeah, it is.

My daughter, actually the first time, she saw it when she was 12, she watched it in Spanish on the HBO Latin channel.

It's almost dirtier when you watch it in Spanish.

She thought you didn't get into love.

In less trouble for that.

But I was so embarrassed to ask this woman to have her boob pop out.

And very clearly, and I apologize that this is not true, she probably has shown them before in public settings.

Oh, okay.

This wasn't somebody for whom this was the first time they 'd be letting it out.

This is a professional.

This is a professional whose chest is part of their arsenal to get work.

It's just like me.

And I did one take.

No, it's me.

It's so embarrassed.

I'll take it out right now.

See, that's wrong.

No, you're underage.

She keeps saying things like that, trying to trap us.

It's about only chance with John.

You're in 11th grade.

Yeah, but we can walk these up.

No, just kidding.

Keep going.

So anyway, with Megan, I'm always embarrassed to ask anyone to do anything that they're comfortable doing.

Here's what I feel like.

If you have boobs that are just as beautiful as Megan boxes , then it is your duty to take them out anywhere ever and whenever.

You have a limited run of years that you can take them out and people will enjoy it.

Take them out and have people film it as much as possible.

And it's possible so you can look back on them.

That's what my wife Leslie's theory is.

She's done some toplessness.

She's stunning, by the way.

Stop me.

I agree.

I always say, what about the kids?

Won't they be embarrassed?

And she goes, no, let them deal with it.

She has no concern for them being embarrassed.

Absolutely.

Get it on celluloid.

Yes, while they're rocking hot.

Yeah.

I mean, why not, you know, in your in-memorium segment too, like show that clip.

Show it.

You know what I mean?

Show it.

The boob pops out.

It's slowly.

And then back in.

If that actress from the 40-year-old virgin were to die and they would show that clip in the in-memorium.

They would.

Not that we wanted her to pass away, of course.

Got a rest or so.

So how was it for you?

You saw it alone with no expectations.

You didn't know what it was.

I didn't know what it was.

I had no idea.

I usually walk into a movie with no information because I want to be surprised by everything.

And because you don't know how to read.

That's a big problem for me.

But I know I found it very interesting.

I tend to like comedies with an audience because you tend to think things are funnier when everyone is laughing at it.

But at the same time being totally alone in a theater gives you the freedom just to laugh or like use your real obnoxious laugh that you can't do in a theater.

So yeah, I really enjoyed it.

But I enjoyed the film greatly.

What is it about?

Well, it is about.

Great co-hosting.

Yeah, right.

I guess in a sense it's a little bit of a doppelganger family.

Because it starts my wife Leslie and my kids, Maude and Iris.

Oh, they're both in it.

They're in it.

So it's the couple from Knocked Up and it's basically five, six years later.

Here's what they're doing.

So it's a strange sort of sequel without- Strangely, they're not hanging out with Seth Rogen.

Well, they moved because Alison got a job at CNN.

So they're in Atlanta.

Okay, they're in Atlanta.

But I did want to explore that time of life when you turn 40 and you think, how am I doing?

Am I happy with my life and my job and my family and how am I getting along with my wife?

And you happen to have a nervous breakdown is you realize this is what it turned into.

Is it too late to change it?

Am I happy?

Can we fix it?

And it's kind of about recommitment to your plan.

When you cast the closest physical proximity to you that you could, Paul Rudd as sort of your character.

He's slightly better looking than me.

I wouldn't say that.

I don't know.

Yeah, I like you, Marissa.

I like you.

He has a closely shorn beard today and it is doing it for me.

That's true.

There are some people who like my whole thing, everyone's a well.

My wife who finds me attractive every once in a while, she 'll point out some of that she thinks is cute and they're always really ugly and it not throws me and makes me feel bad about myself.

So her meter is kind of a skew.

It's weird.

She hangs around with all the comedians.

So she's got like a, you know, she's almost like, it's like if a person do his color blind, never saw color, you know what I mean?

Exactly.

I don't let a lot of good looking guys around even understand their outfit.

Yeah, that's very smart.

People are on lockdown.

It's very smart.

It was very weird having Eric Bana around when we did funny people because we never have a guy who looks like that around.

And so it was, it changed the temperature on the set a little bit.

You know what I dislike is to see fun, beautiful people who are also funny because they have no business.

I hate that.

They have no business being funny.

I, you know, Nikki Fink said that recently and I agree.

I mean, she said beautiful people were not funny, but there are beautiful people who are funny.

It's just, I don't know what happened to them in their past and they must have had acid thrown on them and then had reconstructive surgery or something.

Like two face?

Yeah, who's two face from the bad memories?

Who's two?

Really?

You got it done.

He'll always be two face.

I mean, you don't know who Tom.

Oh, I know.

I forget.

He's 16.

But I don't even have to play a character named two face.

He's a ton of me.

Forever.

Oh, yeah.

That was terrifying.

How many Jones is the guy in that hot Meryl Streep fuck movie?

What movie is that?

Meryl Streep, did you know that?

No, the movie where she blows him.

What?

No.

That actually threw my wife more than anything that's ever happened in a movie theater.

The moment when, when, when Meryl Streep in a movie theater starts getting blowjotted to the family of Jones, I've never seen my wife go, ah, ah, no, ah, the past house of people.

Was it Tommy?

What was the effect on her?

Tommy doing it or Meryl getting it?

I don't know.

What is this happening right now?

She just kept making noises and squirming and the whole theater, everyone was like 80 years old and she was the most young and vivacious.

Thrown by it.

Oh, interesting.

But Megan Fox is actually hilarious.

Yeah.

Like a real funny in the movie.

Interesting girl.

And so you can be that pretty in that funny and it's annoying on some level when you get all they can do that too.

Yeah, I know.

It's like what, you know, I don't like when good looking people are.

No, and then they get to go home at night and look at their beautiful boobs.

It's like, God.

They got it both ways.

Most comedians, you know, you start off really ugly and then, you know, you get successful enough that you can finally afford a trainer.

Or people just think you're attractive because you're successful now.

Right.

Yeah, exactly.

And suddenly they're like, that guy's kind of cute.

Right.

What is that?

Right.

But really, he looks like a hamburger.

It's a Woody Allen effect.

Yeah, yeah.

But it's really with the mask.

The hamburger.

Yeah.

Remember when Woody Allen was like sexy guy of the 70s?

Yes.

It's sexy, never shy.

Yeah.

I'd never saw it.

Maybe that was in the 70s when it was cool to like wear those tiny tennis shorts and or the squash shorts and stuff and like the battle of the network star shorts.

And it was good to be completely have no muscle tone up top .

Maybe that was hot back then.

There is.

Like our parents, they didn't have muscles.

No.

They didn't go to the gym.

But you did get that sense that back then in the early 70s, Woody Allen would screw your brains out like a little mouse.

Yeah.

I probably, I probably hit you out for like 17 hours.

You're 16 years old.

Swap it up.

Please.

What?

I'm trying to be adult.

You're trying to be.

Judd cast movies with adult content.

I want him to know I'm comfortable with it.

He gets it by now.

He feels the star power here.

He's going to want to probably do a vehicle for me.

What's your favorite movie that I've been a part of?

Oh, that you've been a part of.

Did you see bridesmaids?

Oh my God.

I love bridesmaids.

Especially in that scene where they're all shitting in the sick.

Oh yeah.

I like most of the people in that scene.

Yeah.

There's a really gorgeous woman.

No.

And that's another woman.

She's too pretty to be funny.

The woman who owns the bridal slot.

Oh my God.

She's done it.

Oh yeah.

She's done it.

Oh yeah.

She's done it.

She's like never paid full price for fabulous.

Oh, someone needs to give her a vehicle of her own.

Me and Leslie went to.

We went to Marshall's because of those commercials.

I'm sorry.

But when you saw it if someone was that funny and beautiful like maybe.

And what did you find there?

We found that the product was what it was represented to be , which is awesome.

Good.

Good job.

Moving on to work.

All right.

Tell you what.

Let's take a tiny break.

When we come back, we'll talk to Graham a little bit about his involvement in the movie.

We'll talk a little bit more about this is 40.

We'll be right back.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Womp it up.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here with Judd Apatow and I'm some en place here .

And the movie, would you say that it's four people who are 40 years old exclusively?

Well, I found that when we would test the movie, because you always take the movies and you show people, then we make changes based on what people laugh at and don't laugh at, that young people, like the people you would expect to be, like the super bad crowd and liked it even more than people who were 40.

I think because they could just laugh at what idiots, their families are and their parents are.

Meanwhile, everyone who's 40 is sitting there next to their husband or wife, very uncomfortable.

Yeah.

Because you're exposing the truth.

Yeah.

I mean, it's like I'll never be like that.

So there is a, there, and there's a lot of, you know, it's the same kind of humor as a knocked up and super bad.

And the other things we do, Jason Seagulls in it and Chris O'Dow.

And Albert Brooks is in it, which is, he's amazing.

He started like, has that broadcast news vibe to him.

What does he play?

A drama mixed with a comic.

He plays Paul Rudd's father who had in vitro and in his 60s , he has triplets.

Yeah.

He had an in vitro go out of control and it's a, and he has financial problems.

So it's difficult.

There's so many children.

And yes, that was a, you know, a dream come true to.

Had you ever worked with him before?

No, I'd met him a few times through Gary Shandling.

I remember the first time I, I met him.

We went out to dinner and I went home and I wrote down everything he said.

Oh, wow.

I just remember he did a bunch of Menendez brothers jokes.

Was it, was it in the news at the time?

It was during the Menendez show.

So that's how long ago this was.

Eddie was just like, you don't, you don't kill your parents and then buy a new watch.

That's the good thing you don't do.

That's a pretty good Albert Brooks.

And so I wrote it for him, his part and with a much trep idation, brought it to him and he liked it.

And then we went into rehearsals and of course he topped every joke I had for him.

Oh.

What better stuff.

That's awesome.

But the movies, you know, it's, it's very funny.

It's not just for, for Foggies.

You know, it's like the 40 year old Virgin.

You know, it could be 40.

Yeah.

I use it.

You don't have to be 40 year old and a virgin in order to know that movie.

So all my movies have the number 40 in them.

And I wish I could inject the word 40 into all the movies we've already made.

Right.

You know, super bad 40 or 40 bridesmaids.

That would be one that would perhaps take place in like the Middle East.

40 brides for 40 for one brother.

Exactly.

For one brother.

But yeah, you don't have to have the thing happen.

You like, you don't have to have your family taken to enjoy taking, right?

Oh, I can't.

We were taken.

Oh my God.

You haven't seen it yet?

Taken to.

It's not out yet, is it?

Yeah.

This is, this is the Monday before Thanksgiving, of course.

Oh God.

I got to see it.

I was still in the theaters.

Oh, I just love this.

You've missed this.

You've slept on this.

I love that movie.

How do you like life of pie?

That just came out last week as well.

Oh, you know, I haven't seen it yet, but I'll get back to you on my film reviews.

Okay.

Wait, are you doing a new segment on the show film?

Yeah, film reviews.

Let's talk to Graham for a second because I, I'd love to hear how first, let me ask you your singer right in front of me, how did Graham here get involved in the movie?

Well, I've always been a giant fan of Graham Parker because he, he rocks and there's also some like viciously funny lyrics in some of his songs.

If people don't know, Graham Parker and the rumor had a bunch of great albums in the late 70s and the early 80s.

They were together until 1980 and they were, you know, they have, I think several of their records are like in the top, you know, few hundred greatest rock albums ever.

What song are they most famous for?

Well, they're most famous probably for local girls.

Oh, yeah.

Don't bother with that.

Sorry to sing in front of you, Graham, but you can do it better than me.

Right.

And so what I wanted to do in the movie was to show that Paul Rudd has this independent record label and he's trying to put out records by all the people that he worshipped when he was younger in the 70s and 80s and he's trying to help them get their new music out there.

People he thinks deserve to continue to be heard.

And so I needed somebody who was comfortable making fun of the fact that they were having trouble selling records in 2012, which is actually almost everyone on earth.

Yeah, everybody's records anymore.

Any more.

They steal them.

And he was so funny about it.

And I saw a documentary about him where he said that he didn't pay dues at the beginning of his career.

He's paying his dues now.

And I love his music and wanted to expose him in the movie while also making fun of how screwed all these artists are who are having trouble navigating the new music business.

So Graham, how did you get involved in the movie?

When Judd called you, how did you feel about it?

He says you have a sense of humor about it.

But how did you feel when you read the part?

Well, first of all, I just decided to get the rumor together for no good reason after a gap of 31 years.

Oh, there's a great reason because they sound amazing.

Not when it's a six-piece band and you're not extremely rich.

You know, not really.

No, that's true.

There's no good reason.

You want to eliminate some of the overhead usually?

Yeah, exactly.

Playing solo is much better, much safer, you know, for my pocket anyway.

But anyway, there it was sitting there like a fat matzo ball in front of me, the rumor.

And I got the studio and everything all done for July 2011.

And then Judd gets hold of me.

And you know, he said, we can talk on the phone.

I said, give me a time and place.

I'll be there.

I met him in New York.

And we chatted and he started to vaguely outline this movie idea.

So it was just a marvelous experience.

That's how it came about.

And when does the new record come out?

The new record is November 19th in its called Three Cords Good, me and the rumor.

I cannot wait to hear it.

One of my favorite musicians and I'm really looking forward to that record.

And you're going to play a song from the new album at the end of the show.

From Three Cords Good.

I think I'll do stop crying about the rain.

I may change my mind as I hit the first chord.

But with some.

Boy, that first chord is going to be dramatic then.

It could be.

All right.

Good grab.

Yeah.

Oh, that's shaky.

Marissa, Judd, if you don't mind Marissa, we want to catch up a little bit.

We want the listeners to catch up a little bit with your drama.

And I think, you know, Judd, you are the father of two teenagers.

I have a 14 year old and a 10 year old.

Okay.

Well, I can say that to be a teenager.

My daughter's close in age.

She's about to turn 15.

You guys could probably hang out.

I was at again.

I would love that.

I invited myself to a sleepover at your house.

She's going to see Justin Bieber tonight.

So am I just kidding.

But yes, I am.

She's really good.

Is he just?

Are you bringing her?

No, Lena Dunham is taking her.

What?

Boy.

Interesting.

Combo.

The Beeps Dunham.

They also went to see Taylor Swift together.

I don't know.

My ears, I have tinnitus, tinnitus, which I got at a Lou Reed concert in the 90s.

And so I can go to concerts where people are screaming in a high pitched way for the whole concert.

Right.

It's just a.

So I need a chaperone.

So does your wife take?

Or I mean, so, well, Lena's taking most of your kids to these concerts.

But beforehand, what was the first concert that your kids saw?

I took my daughter, Ma, to see Madonna when she was about seven.

And I thought it would be okay.

No, she was giving things up her koochkach.

Well, she was crucifying herself on stage.

Yeah.

It was like a moment where, oh, she's hanging from across.

Was this a good idea?

Yeah.

And then I said, this is a great way for me to explain Christianity.

Being half Jewish, something stir inside of her when she saw that.

There's a lot of people just in Islamic garb and people just as rabbis dancing together.

She was going for a whole let's all get a long thing, which I can't say worked perfectly.

Yeah.

She went for it though.

She went for a statement, which I guess was if they grind, they can get along.

Yeah.

So Marissa, what we haven't seen you in a couple of months.

Last time we saw you, your love gutter balls was Eric G utterman is her love, I guess.

No, no.

No, he loved me.

Then I go on your show the last time.

A lot of fallout from that show because he was, he's with a new girlfriend.

Danielle, Danielle Bartiromo.

Who's the Italian stallion?

Right.

She's got jammer, mammer, jammers that go all night.

Right.

And essentially what happened was you and Rob cracked me open and I started to feel something.

Rob Cordray was here and we talked about her problems and you got very emotional Marissa.

I got emotional.

In fact, Diane, my mother, it was considered I was having a manic episode during the, during the program.

She actually listened to the program.

She did listen to the first, this is the first one she ever listened to.

And she's like, I don't know.

You may be on the spectrum.

You know, this Choctaw guy seems to know what he's talking about.

So anyway, I've got to go to several, some testing now.

So that's first.

Secondly, I go then after that to Spookfest.

Okay.

So for Halloween, Marina Del Rey, public high school has this thing called Spookfest.

Right.

So you go, it's called Spookfest.

And you go to, you go dressed in costumes.

So I win as Eleanor Roosevelt because that's why I was doing my junior year project on it.

And by the way, did you know she's a total last book?

Yeah.

She's a, she's a, oh, big time.

Did you not know that?

I thought it was a rumor.

No, that is really.

Did you actually find some facts?

Yes.

I did some like source research.

I did some first person research.

You were the first person to actually get confirmation.

Was it with, was it with Helen Keller?

No.

Although that would be hot, right?

I don't know why that seems.

But blind, because blind people, there's some of their senses are more heightened.

I guess so.

Taste?

Ew.

All right.

Enough.

Well, you're the one who started this.

It is.

I got a Spookfest, dressed as Eleanor Roosevelt.

Lisler rolls in as FDR.

Oh, Mr. Lisler.

Now she did it in a wheelchair, which there are two problems people had with that one.

There, this, Lisler is my teacher from my advanced learning program.

Learning what?

Miss Lisler.

We just learned how to be creative.

It's like a, it's a special ed program.

No, it's special education because it's different than the mainstream where we get to do projects and different things.

Miss Lisler, by the way, is trouble.

She was incarcerated for a brief time.

Yeah.

And she's been on the lookout for me, by the way.

Yeah, because- I've been checking underneath my car.

You were the, yeah, you should.

She keeps threatening to slice my tendon because I'm the one who called the police.

Yeah, you were the whistleblower.

Yeah.

And anyway, so she rolled in as FDR, then couple handicap kids, couple handicap kids found it really offensive that she was in a wheelchair.

So then, you know, cut to whatever, that's a drama.

But anyway, I'm at Spookfest.

I'm dressed as Eleanor Roosevelt.

Gutterball's rolls up in a zoot suit.

Okay?

Okay.

He's dressed like a 1920s gangster or something.

He's in this purple zoot suit.

He's never looked better.

I am now thinking about all the things you guys said about learn to love and open your heart and all this stuff.

Cut to, we're literally scissoring on the wrestling mats in the boys locker room.

What?

Scissoring.

Two people with a blank scissors.

Why would I?

I don't know.

That's my point.

With clothes?

I had, had too much spook juice and then, and then.

So anyway, thankfully it didn't go too far because as Eleanor Roosevelt, I was wearing period undergarments.

You know, when you say that, you don't mean you were on your period.

I was not on my period.

Thank God.

But I was, you know, there were garters.

There were, it was a full seat situation.

And then, and then of course, you know, the whole thing and orthopedic shoes, you know, because she wasn't a very good dresser.

You really went for the details on this.

I don't wait for it.

So she couldn't really get a lot of that off.

So that's why we did mostly the scissoring.

So is he not with the Daniela Bartiromo anymore?

Well, there's where it gets interesting.

Oh, finally.

On Monday, I come to school thinking that he's broken up with her.

And no, he's continuing to date her.

So I am the other woman.

I am, I am Diane Lane.

No, I'm not.

What's that movie where Diane Lane has that affair?

He was a gear.

Yeah, and Richard gear.

I'm unbreakful.

Faithful.

Am I the Italian guy or am I, am I Diane Lane?

I'm the Italian guy.

Why are you watching that movie?

God, that movie is so changed.

Not only is it too adult for you, but why would you be watching that movie?

Don't you have to like kill him at the end of it or something?

I don't remember.

Somebody dies or they go to a Caribbean or something.

Anyway, that's what I'm dealing with right now.

So I feel horrible.

I feel like I have a scarlet letter.

Everybody must know.

And I don't know what, I don't know.

I don't know what I was thinking.

Judd, what would you advise your daughters in a situation like this?

Well, we have generally a no scissoring rule at the house.

It's pretty strict.

And so really just at the house though.

I'm surprised.

See, this was in a gym.

Two artists, two parents that are artists.

I would think you'd be like, you know, scissor all you want .

Just be safe.

You know, what I just say is, you know, scissoring in college.

Wait till you get to college to scissor.

I try to delay everything in the college.

Everything is not your problem anymore.

Yes, beer, pot, boyfriends, everything.

Yeah, but you gotta be careful.

Because sometimes the kids that go to college that haven't done anything bad, they go berserk, bananas.

Yeah, but then I don't have to like hear about it or like see her that night.

So would you say that your parenting style is kind of a don 't ask, don't tell situation?

It's a delay.

Don't do it.

And hide it.

Don't tell me about it.

No, not only don't tell me, but just don't do it.

Just don't do it.

But in a lot of ways I feel like I've raised kids because when we did freaks and geeks, a lot of the kids were like 14 or 16 and they're doing well .

So I'm not their parents, but I can pretend I was and think , oh, Seth Rogen has a job.

And so I was a part and Martin Star seems okay.

And they were people that, you know, they were up to no good in a lot of ways.

And I think, okay, well, they made it through maybe my kids will make it through similarly.

What's your opinion?

You put your kids in your movies.

What's your opinion about sort of, I guess, doing that in child-actoring?

I mean, I just, I do it because I don't like other people's kids and I don't like the parents who come with the kids.

Because when you hire a kid, the parents have to come and they're always out employed, right?

They're always there for the craft service.

Well, and they're trying to angle themselves on the movie.

Sometimes they're very, very nice, but it never feels like the kid is that actress's son or daughter.

It always feels like when you see a movie where someone's playing a kid, they never like really seem like the kid.

No.

So I thought, wow, well, if it really was the kids, what could you do?

I never thought that it would lead to them, you know, being on cable all the time.

Like, I didn't think through like, oh, no, this makes my kids like in the public eye.

Right.

I just thought this would make the movie better because I'm selfish.

Right.

And now I have to deal with the fact that the people know who they are, but that's better than I guess no one knowing who you are and being alone and feeling bad.

It's a good thing, right?

Yeah, people have to feel good about themselves.

If you wanted to put some 16 year old from Arena, though, right?

It's a lead in one of your films, perhaps Plink, Catherine Haggle, sister, then then I think you should do it.

I don't think you should hesitate.

Yeah.

What about a movie?

This is 16.

Yeah, this is 16 or a sequel to cuffs.

Sure.

Why not do cuffs too?

I don't know.

What role would I play in that?

What about pump up the volume like a new version of pump up the volume?

Yeah.

Wump up the J.

Wump up the volume.

Good, yes.

Not bad.

I'll record original music for it.

I mean, thank God.

Sorry, Graham.

You know, thank God the movie came out well because it was awful.

Then it's very embarrassing.

Yes.

If it's like the movie Bratz, if it's terrible, and then it 's just a worldwide humiliation for my children.

You know, so it makes me feel like I have to do a good job because if not, I've ruined their lives.

And do they treat you with respect on the set?

Do they call you?

Do they ever give you lip?

Do they say yes, hare director?

Yeah.

There are moments when I need them to be mad in a scene and they're just like, they're not mad.

They're happy.

And I'm like, and then they're tired and I'll say, this is for all time, man.

If you screw this up, it's awful forever.

And then they're like, you're ruining my life.

And then I go use it in the scene.

Yeah, roll, roll.

That's terrible.

Is that bad?

That's bad.

That's bad parenting.

Oh.

Well, John, do you have any advice though about, you know, Marissa, here's the other woman.

Did she go up to, what's her name?

Bartaromo?

Danielle.

Bartaromo.

Danielle Bartaromo.

Should she go up to Danielle Bartaromo and spill the beans and say, I.

Before we go forward, she is Italian.

She can fight.

Fiery temper?

I could end up getting smothered by those mammars.

Like, let's just understand that she is a very tough woman.

Have you ever been in a fight?

No, I've never been in a physical fight.

Have either of your daughters ever been in a?

No, I've never been in a fight.

Have you ever been in a fight?

I was picked on a lot, if that's what you mean.

You know what?

This is a Mark Merid show, okay?

I don't want to hear about you demons.

Were you weren't picked on?

I don't believe that.

You don't think so, really?

No, no, no.

I didn't get punched me in the face once.

Like a little kid who was like two years younger than me.

Was this recently?

When I was a child, I was like, maybe I was 13 and like a 10 year old just popped me in the face.

I didn't even know what to do.

I'm like, I guess I'm supposed to beat the crap out of him right now.

How old were you?

I was scared of him because he was so comfortable punching me.

Yeah, there's something wrong with people.

You don't want everyone engaged.

That's how I feel about it.

Like never engage physically, even if you're in the right.

No.

Because people are crazy out there.

They are and you never know who's going to go like that woman who was like, that was the man's happy.

Like that could have been a situation.

No, that happened in JFK.

We're just in old.

No, I'm back to this again.

Is this your touchstone?

Is this my one good story?

Tell it.

What happened in that film?

Well, a woman had her kids and they were running around.

She brought all of her kids to JFK.

Couldn't get a sitter for JFK.

It's educational.

So appropriate.

She had a screaming baby who couldn't walk, who wasn't a walking age.

And then all the rest of her kids were super bored and running around in the second row of the theater just screaming during JFK.

That's not right.

So we all kind of put up with it.

And then finally the screaming baby got too loud and the mother spanked her one kid and then grabbed all of them and we're like, come on, we're leaving and went up the aisle of the theater.

And I was in the second to last row and the old woman behind me was in the last row and everyone applauded.

But the old woman applauded a little too long after everyone else just to as like further fuck you like I feel it more than anyone.

And the woman with the kids screams at the old woman and says, how dare you make fun of me when my kid has an attack of the shits.

Wait, wait a second.

And then punches the old woman.

Did she really use the phrase attack of the shits?

Yes, yes.

I went home much like you and Albert Brooks and I went home and wrote it down.

I have never heard that phrase.

She made that up.

Attack of the shed.

She trademarked that.

Was it open hand hit or it was an open hand.

So it wasn't like a super much.

Did she hit and run or?

She hit and run and grabbed all of her kids and then the old woman said to her husband, Henry help and Henry.

Oh, okay.

He's never been in this situation in his life.

And he ran outside called the police and JFK only had 20 more minutes.

Kevin Costner is in the middle of talking about the magic bullet.

Oh, so we all sit through the next 20 minutes of JFK.

And then when we come out, there's police have descended upon the theater.

So but that's my point.

You never know who's going to have an attack of the shits.

Who's going to open hand, wamp someone.

And you don't want to go to jail.

You don't want to.

It's not worth it.

No.

So don't get into a fight is my advice.

I'd probably lose bowel control.

Like bridesmaids.

Like that's same.

Yeah.

So that seat is so good.

So committed.

It's so real.

Yeah.

The acting.

I'm surprised that a lot of those people didn't get.

Well, they did.

They did.

Did they know that you did it was a method.

They all really did it.

Yeah.

Oh, did they?

That's good.

I think Marissa talking about the woman who owned the.

I was talking again about the unsung hero of that scene.

What was her back?

The straight woman never gets their due.

She doesn't get her due.

So she won an MTV Best Villain Award.

Did she?

She deserves it.

All right.

Let's take one more break and when we come back we'll have a little bit more and also Graham you're going to be playing a song at the end of the show.

So that'll be great.

And I'm going to sing backup.

Well, I don't know.

All right.

We'll be right back.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here with Judd Apatow.

And this is 40 coming out December 21st.

Getting the word out about it.

Very funny film.

I've seen it and.

Do you think it'll be more popular than the Hobbit?

Do you think that lady who went to the Hobbit will be just as excited to see this is great?

She doesn't care what she's watching.

Well, who should you be saying during this is 40 do you think?

The victim has power.

Be it all 40 and shit.

He's all 40 and shit.

Oh, have a midlife crisis and shit.

Always get it up to something.

And you know, it's never too early to start lining up your next project.

So Judd, what do you have?

Come on.

What's the next?

What's the next thing?

What's the next?

What's the next record?

Girls, girls season two.

Have you seen girls?

I'm not allowed to watch girls.

You're not allowed to watch any of these things.

I know, but we don't have premium cable.

That's why I'm trying to come over your house.

Do you have any DVDs on you?

December 11th, the DVD comes out.

You can buy it.

People take some titas out on that show, right?

Yeah.

Yeah, they do.

They do.

I don't like push for it.

The ladies push for it.

The ladies want to do it.

Yes, because how old are they?

25, 23?

They're young.

They like them.

Yeah, get them out there.

100%.

It's a different age.

It's a different era.

The kids don't mind.

They're very comfortable with their bodies.

No, but I heard it is so good and I can't wait to watch it.

Yeah.

What's, do you have any plans for any new movies?

Any spin-offs of...

Well, most of my focus will go into...

I'm producing Anchorman 2.

Oh, that's fantastic.

So, Will Ferrell and Adam McKay are writing as we speak and Adam McKay will direct this very important film and in the spring, everyone suits up.

In the spring?

Wow.

In the spring, they're going to suit up and make it.

And when does it come out?

It comes out next, the Christmas 2013 and it's, you know, they're great characters because they can all play these characters when they're 75 years old.

I mean, you could do so many sequels because Anchorman never lose their job.

That's true.

So, it's...

They did write a script that made me laugh.

I wish I could just tell you all the scenes but...

Maybe there's an assistant, maybe some of you...

Maybe there's a very pear-shaped assistant who is...

Oh, we just hired someone else today.

A girl from the Marshall's commercial is doing that.

Oh, really?

She's too pretty for that.

She is too pretty and too young.

She nailed the audition.

Did she?

Oh, man.

Well, I...

And she looked great in her outfit at the audition.

Did she?

Oh.

Well, it was from Marshall.

Yes.

Well, full price for Avialith.

Well, guys, it's time for one of our favorite features on the show.

It's time to play a little something we call, would you rather...

Really making us wait for it.

Please, no talking during the video.

I'll have to talk about it.

This is the game of games.

Marissa, you're on notice.

I feel like this could be a good theme song for Game of Thrones.

I haven't seen Game of Thrones yet.

Oh my god, it's so fun.

You want to see some titties?

Oh, titties, brothers, titties, bookies, other brothers, t itties.

I'm still catching up on First and Ten.

What's First and Ten?

HBO show about football.

I still catch you up on Dream On.

All right, it's time to play.

Would you rather?

We all know how this is played.

People send me, would you rather, scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWIR, Comedy Bang Bang, would you rather?

Please don't send them to me personally.

And I read them out loud.

I then open the floor for questions.

You're free to ask me any question you like about either scenario in order to narrow down your choice.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

I will then tally up the points.

Oh, you'll vote first.

Then I'll tally up the points.

And then we'll assign a winner.

And that's pretty simple.

I would say just the winner because I never win.

That's true.

I have not won one winner.

You're not won.

No, but usually your game play is erratic at best.

That's true.

Okay, let's go.

All right, here we go.

This comes to us from Beef Skillet.

All right, Beef Skillet.

Beef Skillet asks, would you rather have smooth, hairless armpits but hairy leg pits or switch bodies with Lindsay Lohan's character in Freaky Friday?

So would you rather have smooth, hairless armpits but super hairy leg pits or switch bodies with Lindsay Lohan's character in Freaky Friday?

Does that mean that you?

The floor is not open.

See, I'm going to have to talk.

This is part of the reason why you lose.

Docking you 10 points already plus five points because you 're a woman already.

Oh my goodness.

You're minus 15.

Judd, you're in the lead at this point with zero.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Go ahead, Marisa.

Okay, when they say switch bodies with Lindsay Lohan's character, does that mean when she's already the Jamie Curtis character?

So do you essentially have Jamie Curtis's body?

No, you switch with Lindsay Lohan's character.

Me, you're...

Anna Coleman.

Well, her body's phenomenal.

Yes.

So you switch places with her character but you have Jamie Lee Curtis as your mother.

But then do you switch?

Then you switch, yes.

When you become Jamie Lee.

Oh, okay.

When PIPI gives you the magic fortune cookies.

I'm sorry?

PP, PIPI?

How do you know this movie so well?

You have jerked it like a thousand times to this movie.

Is that true?

To both Jamie Lee, Curtis and Lindsay Lohan.

I mean, you got the best of both worlds.

Deeply.

All right.

But this doesn't seem like a bad choice.

Oh, okay.

But you got to switch back and forth and not be your own person.

I see what you mean.

Yeah.

Plus, you're...

I mean, for you, it's not so bad.

You're, you know, like you're just switching with another 16-year-old.

Oh, but if John was to switch, then he would be a woman.

He would be a woman.

He would no longer be Judd Apatow, famous...

That's true.

...director and writer and producer.

You know, his career is gone.

Right.

You know, who knows where he ends up.

But I'd be 16.

But you'd be 16.

I'm going to take it.

Wait.

Please don't...

Oh, I'm sorry.

I voted early.

This is heating up.

Negative one point.

Wait, why negative one?

So sorry, your infractions were greater.

Okay.

The armpit thing.

Okay, so smooth armpits, but...

Harry Legpits.

Now, this is interesting because I'm definitely considering an elect...

...electralisis because I have...

I've never seen you keep yourself very close.

You have scarves.

And you don't want to.

I have my hair in places that I shouldn't.

Little Benicio del Toro down there.

Very, very similar.

And so, and it's erratic.

You know, there's going to be a really...

There's a dense patch like on my upper left thigh and then nothing.

You know what I mean?

It's just...

I don't know where it's coming from.

So it's almost completely covered in patchy hair.

What about the...

You know what it looks like?

You know what you do in Etchasketch?

And you...

Or not Etchasketch.

You know that magnetic thing?

It's a man's face.

Oh, in the beard.

Yeah, it's like that.

It's like somebody shook it up and there's patches here and there.

Okay.

So anyway, I'm considering that.

And so, yeah...

So for you, this scenario may be great because then you would only have...

Leg pits.

Which...

And I don't ever show my legs.

Yeah.

So that's fine.

So that would not be so bad.

So that wouldn't be so bad.

These are like two good choices.

Two good choices for you guys.

Of course, you don't have all the information.

This is why you ask questions.

Right, right, right.

Any other questions?

Okay.

Is it a permanent switch?

It is...

Well it's a permanent switch until you, of course, read the Magic Fortune Cookie and then you switch with Jamie Lee Curtis for a while.

And...

You get switched back to your...

You get switched back as we all saw in the movie.

You then get switched back into Lindsay Lohan's character's body, Anna Coleman.

And then it's permanent until your original body reaches the age of 85 and then you switch back into it.

So you rejoin your original body in 85.

Your original body.

Yeah, and Lindsay Lohan gets back into her...

Lindsay Lohan's character.

I'm so sorry, Anna Coleman gets back into her.

But I would be like 115.

When your original body is 85.

Okay, yeah.

So then Lindsay Lohan's character because she's, I think, 15 or 16 currently, she would be more in the 60s, right?

Now do you live your life on the set of this movie or are you allowed to live?

It is a set, yes.

It's a set that you can talk about.

It is actually a set.

Like that's a craft service.

It's a craft service.

All the craft service you can eat.

Okay, well that's pretty good.

Not bad.

That's pretty good.

Is it a double banger trailer or like a full trailer?

Yeah, what are we working with here?

How big is the place where I live?

You get your own bathroom.

At the time Lindsay was not such a big star, so she just gets kind of the little skinny one.

Meanwhile, Jamie Lee Curtis, you know, she's got the major trailer.

So for some of your time, you're living in the main trailer .

Yeah, you split your time between the trailer and the fake house that you live in.

Do you get to make love with the crew?

What?

Why did you make that?

Well, at a certain point, Lindsay's character, Anna Coleman , will be 18.

Will be 18, and then the only people she's going to come into contact with will be, it'll be like a...

Some of those crew guys are a little rougher on the edges for my t- Really?

That's where you're drawing the line?

The crew guys?

Well, there might be like interns working on.

There are some PAs, definitely.

That are Lindsay's age.

But it's sort of a Truman Show situation where everything is fake and the people, the only people you come into contact with are the crew.

You can't go out on the crew.

Okay, I'll switch.

I'll do that.

You can't go out on the crew.

I'm so sorry.

You've got a negative two now.

Still.

Okay.

It's a question for the behind the knee hair.

Yes.

Does it keep growing?

Do you get to trim it or does it...

You never get to trim it.

It continues to grow.

Now, let me ask you this though, because I think if I was to let my armpit hair grow out, it would...

Really, that's the part that's not growing out on your body ?

That's not a go.

I don't have that much underneath the armpits.

That's a blessing in disguise.

I know, but it's a real situation down there.

It's like a wookie situation down there.

Down below?

Yeah, yeah.

There must be some Romanians in my roots or I'm not sure.

But it doesn't the hair have a self-limiting length?

Not this hair behind the knees.

No, in fact, you're not allowed to cut it.

It continues to grow.

Oh, that's terrible.

It looks like a ZZ Top beard at a certain point.

Oh, my.

You can braid it.

Do you think ZZ Top's the beard would keep growing just forever?

Of course it would.

It would.

They have to trim that thing.

They do.

Well, now a man's beard doesn't just keep growing though, right?

Yeah, of course it does.

It doesn't have a...

I don't know.

Even Gandalf, you know, it tied up at the end.

Gandalf the gray?

Yeah.

What does she have to say about Gandalf when she was watching the movie?

Oh, let's look.

He beat it out.

I would like to wrap my hands through it.

So maybe, you know, you get someone fetishizes your leg hair like this.

Well, I'm sure there's someone out there who would want it, but that's how it's really changed.

Please don't bring him up.

First of all, everyone's going to probably listen.

You know what?

I'm safe.

I can come on and talk about my life here because no young people listen to your podcast.

Thank you.

It's like this is 40 here.

40 plus is your audience.

No, it continues to grow.

You're able to braid it.

You're able to hide it in pants at a certain point.

You're wrapping it around your leg.

Oh, like those.

So it doesn't come out the bottom of your...

You know, there's a religious...

Not to bring it.

It pops again.

There's a lot of people that put the hair wrapped up in a turban.

They have to keep it growing.

Rastafarians?

No, no, no.

They have, you know, a seek.

Yeah, it's like a seek, but for a behind the kneecaps.

All right.

God, this is gross.

Stop.

Just have any other questions about either of these scenarios or are you kind of focused on choice?

Okay, I'll switch bodies.

Wait.

Oh, Jeff, please don't vote.

Oh, Jeff, Jeff, I did it.

You're negative three.

It's getting close.

This guy is used to call...

Just used to call in the shots.

You know what I'm saying?

Negative three, boy, this is getting to be a tighter race than I expected.

God, okay, okay, okay.

Let's see.

One more question.

Oh, am I married to Christopher Guest?

Wait, why would you...

Meaning in the Lake Hair scenario?

No, when I get married...

In the Lake Hair scenario, you are married to Christopher Guest.

Really?

He divorces Jamie Lee Curtis.

Okay, and I get married.

Well, that's nice.

Yeah.

That's a...

Yeah, but not in the...

Not in the...

Not in the freaky fright.

But remember, you're not Jamie Lee Curtis.

You're the carrier...

You're not Lindsay Lohan.

You're the character.

Oh, and so that guy from Quantum Leap or whatever is...

Scott Bakula?

Isn't Scott Bakula in that movie?

I do know where...

No, no, it's not...

Mark Harmon.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He plays Ryan, of course.

Okay.

Mark Harmon from Summer School?

Yeah, of course.

Yeah.

I love that movie.

Yeah.

Wait.

Do you have sex with Ryan?

No, do you have contact?

Ryan is marrying your mother.

I didn't say...

I said contact.

I'm not going to go to the end.

You can't help it if it's coming down.

It's not a metaphor just soggy ground.

We're dropping the bucket.

See the video here.

We just won't drop it.

Stop crying about the rain.

It's just water on your window pane.

Hey girl, stop crying about the rain.

Stop crying, I'm about to rise Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop , stop, stop, be cryin' Hey girl, stop, stop, stop, stop, be cryin' The world's dead!
