---
layout: page
title: 189. Chris Fairbanks, Paul F. Tompkins [15256⧸21073].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Chris Fairbanks is one of America's funniest comedians. You know him, you love him, and he is always great on this show .

Plus, my co-host is one of our favorite film directors who is very depressing. All of that and more. All on today's!

♪♪ Gone gone the form of man, rise the demon, ocher man!

Welcome to comedy bang bang. Ah, that is a little play on the demon Etragon's catchphrase, I believe.

Um, thank you Ron Paul Sartre. Sartre? Sartre? Ron Paul S artre.

Uh, Gone gone the form of man, rise the demon, ocher man!

Great catchphrase if you have a catchphrase. Send it on over!

You know how we do? Welcome to the show, this is comedy bang bang and another fine afternoon taping here.

Uh, the middle of LA, it's actually a beautiful day. And um , yeah, Scott Ocherman, I'm your host if you've never heard the show before, you know?

Hey, I envy you, I wish I were you! Because what a wonderful world of entertainment awaits you.

I wish I could just like be you and listen to those old episodes until it gets good around maybe episode 10.

Uh, just kind of wait it out and then all of a sudden, hey, wait, this is actually getting okay now.

Hahaha. Um, but um, welcome to the show and we have a great show for you today. We have, first of all I'm going to introduce our main guest here in a second.

Uh, he's a wonderful comedian, but I have a fantastic co- host with me here before making his, I would say probably 25 th appearance on the show. I may be way off.

I feel you're exaggerating. Okay, I might be, yeah. But make no mistake, this is a record breaking appearance for me.

Yeah, it breaks your own record. Yes, my personal record has been broken. I've now broken the record for the most appearances by me on this podcast.

Congratulations. Thank you. Uh, let me say your name so I congratulate you properly. Please do.

Werner Herzog, film director Werner Herzog. I'm famous for being a film director.

That's right. That is probably the one thing that you're famous for. It's probably the one thing that I'm famous for . Although I'm getting ready to make my acting debut.

What? Yes, I'm playing a villain in a movie.

Well, which movie? I forget which and I wish I had not started talking about it. Well, I mean, that's how it happens, you know, like we do so many projects that you, it 's kind of someone has to remind you of what it is.

My schedule is packed and I wish that sometimes I wouldn't take on so many things, but I'm glad to be acting in this movie that I hope someone will look up and tell me what it is.

Well, I hope that that happens too at some point, but the one thing I do want to say to you, Werner Herzog, famous for being a film director, of course.

And of course, about to start acting for the first time.

The one thing that I do want to say to you, I want you to feel free to say anything to me. I am open to whatever you wish to say to me on any subject.

What I want to say to you is I remember what film it is and it's Jack Reacher.

As Jack Reacher, I'm playing the bad guy in Jack Reacher.

It's a Tom Cruise film. He plays the character of Jack Re acher who is constantly reaching for things.

Yes, he's a fellow who has a pretty good arm length and he works to supermarket, getting things for elderly people.

I love the tagline of that film, the last thing you want him to reach for is his gun. If you're against him, his antagonist.

I would imagine the first thing you want him to reach for is his gun if you're one of his buddies and people are trying to kill you.

So reaching, as always, is a double edged sword.

Two sides of the same coin. No, what do you think about it?

That's not exactly the same thing.

So you're an actor now. Now I'm an actor. Giving up directing. Yes, that's right. I'm giving up directing.

I feel as if my acting career is about to take off and soon I will be competing for major roles in several film franchises.

Do you ever think that you could play a good guy? No. I don 't see how it would be possible.

Well, a lot of it is due to your acting, but Arnold Schwarzenegger kind of like made that leap.

That is true. He started out playing a villain's robot.

Some sort of a droid. Then he became a good robot. And now he's playing an old robot.

He's a new film. I mean, we're at the point now when we see an Arnold Schwarzenegger film and there are about to be quite a few.

He's continued to call them Arnold Schwarzenegger films.

That when we see one of his, they no longer feel the need to explain why he's from another country.

No, this is a wonderful suspension of disbelief that going to the cinema allows you that he plays a sheriff in a very small town.

In the Midwest.

Somewhere in the Midwest of the United States where people are perhaps not known for being the most open-minded, but he is this Austrian.

The elected official.

The Austrian man who's clearly lived in America for decades and can't lose a sheriff of this town and cannot lose an election.

Or an election.

I said accident. Can't lose his accent.

Can't lose his accent. Cannot lose his election for sheriff .

And no one ever.

No one ever.

Perhaps there will be a flimsy explanation for it. But I feel as if they have abandoned that pretense.

Yeah, that's what I'm saying is you no longer need that in your own thing.

The same thing except you said it first and now I'm repeating it.

Yes, of course. But you know, back in the days when he first, yes, back in the D, when he first was making movies, you would have to throw a scene like that in there.

Oh, by the way, you're from Vienna.

Yes, why is this barbarian have such a strange accent?

His name is Conan.

Why does this, although they never explained why the robot had an Austrian accent?

No, I know. He's supposed to be the perfect encapsulation of man.

I suppose he's a robot, so why would you question it?

If you're on board with the idea that he's a robot, the last thing you're going to say is, but why did they program an Austrian accent into him?

In cinema, at that point, I know you're a Santa file.

I love the cinema. I file it.

Yes, at that point, robots on film had only had voices like , yes, master.

And so it's really a step up.

It's true. They had very cold, unemotional voices, which I preferred because they were so unnatural.

You always knew you were talking to a robot.

Yes, something that was cold and clinical.

And those movies scared me very much because here was this perfect being of science.

It was not a natural creation.

And they always ended up going on a killing rampage.

And that, to me, is the most terrifying thing when cold machines will start mimicking nature.

And try to destroy.

But what is scary about that to you?

It's because they're mimicking nature or because you're sort of a cold machine yourself.

Are you afraid that you're going to go on a murderous rampage?

Yes.

Okay.

No elaboration necessary.

I think I fear it because I think about it every second of every day.

So I feel it must be a fear I have.

All I ask is you don't do it while you're in the studio.

I'll try not to.

Okay.

I can make you no promises.

But a promise I can make is get ready for some great acting by Werner Herzog coming to a movie that you forgot about.

Jack Rich.

What's the last thing he reaches for in that movie?

The credits.

He reaches for the credits and pulls them up.

He pulls them down like a window shade.

And you see at the bottom of the screen his thumb and fore finger.

I want that to be true.

You're the entire credits.

I want it to be true.

Then when the credits have been completed he releases them and the screen flies back up and he has a towel wrapped around his head.

Allah Ferris Bula and says what are you doing here?

You need to reach for the exit.

Well, we have to get to our guest of honor.

It is inevitable.

So why don't we?

You know him as...

I have no answer to your question.

That may have been rhetorical and doesn't need an answer.

Perhaps you're right.

Let's get to him.

He is of course one of the world's greatest stand up comedians.

You've seen him out there on the road.

How often are you on the road?

Not that much.

I go somewhere once a month.

Once a month.

So you've seen him once a month on the road.

If you happen to be a traveling person who lives in a different city.

In the country that we're in that has a road near it.

That's right.

And you've seen him on several television shows like that one on Comedy Central and that other one.

Sure.

I've done those too.

And his name is Chris Fairbank.

That's mine.

That's me.

Here he is.

His name is your name too.

It's like the song John Jacob Jingleheimersmith.

He's the guy that started Mormonism, right?

John, that's in Jacob Jingleheimersmith.

John Fitzgerald Jingleheimersmith.

Whenever I go out.

What happens?

People always shout.

There goes him.

They say the name though.

And then I have to go here.

Here we go again.

That's me.

What if that were true?

Can you imagine your life?

There goes John Jacob Jingleheimersmith.

It sounds like a living hell.

It sounds like one of our would you rather scenarios.

Although what a wonderful thing to always be reminded of your identity and not lose yourself and feel as if you are just a pebble in the void.

Also comes in handy if you have amnesia.

That's like when you want it to happen.

I wonder if there are additional verses to that song that disclose John Jacob Jingleheimersmith's crippling amnesia.

And perhaps his town was doing him a service.

Yes.

Every day people knew he was a beloved figure in his town and every day people said don't forget to remind John Jacob who he is.

And he's hard of hearing and we need to shout it at him.

And that's the story of Mormonism.

That's true.

That's the backbone.

Speaking of the story of something, the story of Chris Fair banks, welcome to the show.

Thank you for having me.

I'm glad to be back and I'm excited to have talks.

Yes, that's right.

May I ask you a question?

Sure.

Chris Fairbanks, are you related?

Any relation to the city in Alaska?

No, but recently.

No further questions.

Okay.

Oh yeah.

You don't like elaboration after something is said.

There was a $5 bill.

What?

Yeah.

That's it.

Oh my God.

Hold on.

Stop this podcast.

Oh guys.

Where was the cited?

Allow me to elaborate.

Who has eyes on this $5 bill right now?

You need to call my editor.

Excuse me.

It says Fairbanks on it though.

It was a legal tender $5 bill.

And it was given by Roosevelt Vice President Fairbanks, who I'm related to.

But the Fairbanks on the bill was for Fairbanks, Alaska.

That's the only connection.

So where on the bill did say Fairbanks, did someone write it in?

Yes.

It was an old, short confusing story.

But an auction for $500,000.

That's my name on it.

So if I made some major story, there was a $5 bill.

It said Fairbanks on it.

It was given from Peter Roosevelt to someone else.

Whose name was Fairbanks?

Whom you are related to?

Yes.

The end.

At the point of the story is, I am not related to the town in Alaska.

I don't see how that is the point of the story.

Well, it's the point of the story.

It's a great story.

Yes.

I will agree.

Chris, welcome to the show.

Thank you.

You're back.

You're always fun to hang out with.

Yeah, I did so.

Yeah.

And what's been going on in your life?

Well, I've been, you know, I've been scared of arthritis.

What?

I've curbed it.

I got arthritis from strep throat.

What?

Is this like your $5 bill story?

No, it's too unbelievable.

I can't wait to see which presence is involved.

Much like Taft, I had a constant chronic throat infection, which turned into an auto-immune shock on my joints.

And then, so they're like, oh, you've, I woke up one day and I thought I was getting a sore throat the previous day.

And the next day, my knees hurt, my elbows hurt.

And they said, oh, you have rheumatoid arthritis with no family history or anything.

So that can happen.

I started getting shots administered of cortisone and things.

Senior butt?

In my joints.

And then my butt for recreational reasons.

And I, yeah, and but now I've quit and people talk about this a lot and I used to roll my eyes.

But all I did is quit eating gluten, sugar and dairy and drinking certain things.

Tequila only.

A doctor told me to only have tequila.

Oh, okay.

It doesn't turn.

It doesn't turn to sugar.

It turns to a gov-a-sweetener.

Okay.

And your veins.

So the cure for rheumatoid arthritis is merely cutting out 90% of things that are pleasurable as well.

Yes.

Pizza is better memory.

But what's more pleasurable?

Walking around and not hurting.

Yeah.

I feel great.

Do you enjoy a skateboard?

Lutant free versions of things that you previously, I'm not finished.

My question.

I already know.

Please.

By the compact of questioning, I invoke Robert's Rules of Order.

You don't know.

I don't know if you're familiar with my work as a director, but you may be surprised.

I'm surprised at where the question ends up from where it begins.

Yes.

So I crave your indulgence on this matter.

Each question.

Please, Mr. Herzog.

Do you continue?

Yes, thank you.

Do you enjoy gluten-free variations on the foods that you previously enjoyed?

And if so, how much do you enjoy them?

Do you see there was a little...

Yeah, there was a number.

The items you weren't ready for.

I'm sorry that I assumed that I wouldn't have to gauge the amount.

I accept your groveling apology.

Again, once again, a second time, I'm sorry.

I don't.

I don't enjoy gluten-free granola and things.

What about gluten-free bread?

Oh, it's the worst.

Gluten.

I think the word glue, I think what gluten does is it holds it together.

And if you want bread that crumbles like dandelion spores and flies away from your hand in the wind.

What about gluten-free pasta?

I have that.

That's pretty good.

Yeah, it's kind of firm.

Yeah, it's the best.

Oh, so...

The one thing I want in my pasta is being firm.

You like it out and taping.

So you don't like it when the things are too firm or they 're not held together enough?

I'm like, yes.

You're being a real goldilocks about this.

I'm like a little girl that breaks into a bear house.

I was going to...

Yeah, it's...

They just haven't figured out most of the things, but pasta , they got pretty good.

They got pretty close.

In your estimation, they haven't figured these things out.

They have it.

The guys with lab coats.

You would say to them back to the drawing board fellows.

Yes, that's why most scientists do their work is the drawing board.

Close, but no gluten-free cigar.

Is that...

Is the arthritis the reason why you're wearing an old man sweater right now?

A tignetaro-like...

It is my tig sweater.

Isn't that a tig sweater?

It is a tig sweater, yeah.

It's just a sweater I wear.

And if I have to have a story about it, then I will conjure one.

I saw it and I bought it.

Is this a person from life or a character of some sort from a fairy tale?

She is both.

She's a fairy tale come to life.

That's what we've all said about her.

That sounds terrifying.

It is.

Yeah, it's one of the scary fairy tales where they're out to eat your brain.

She's a friend.

She's a friend I lived with her.

I saw her wear the same sweater for seven years.

And then one...

Continuously, by the way.

No, not stop that sweater.

Yeah.

It's a stinky sweater.

And then one day I found him not living with her, so how do I replace her?

I buy a sweater that's like her sweater and I wear it just as often as...

And just as stinkily.

She never washed or cleaned the sweater in any way.

Are you...

It's a filthy person.

She's a filthy person.

She ran a tight ship.

She ran a tight clean ship.

Oh, we're talking.

I was not talking about genitals at all.

Wait, was that a burner?

What I beg your pardon?

You sounded like a comic.

I know for a minute.

Someone is praying at the church next door.

I have a story about church.

Oh, okay.

Let's hear it.

Here we go.

Yes, or turn.

It's our president.

Quite literally.

Are any words related to any cities or $5 bills?

I will mention two cities in this.

They are our twists and turns because I am in a vehicle during the story.

Would it be a great hardship for you to somehow work a $5 bill into your story?

Yes.

The Canadian $5 bill has hockey players on it.

What?

And if you look at a quote, it's from like a previous prime minister person and it says, all my years growing up were in church, in school and on the ice, but it was the years on the ice that meant the most.

What?

Yeah.

On their money, they have this blasphemous, look it up.

Google image the quote on a $5 bill.

On a $5 bill.

One of the Canadian prime ministers was a terrifying ice go lem.

They all are.

They're all horribly terrifying.

I guess money in Canada?

Yeah.

Everything was free up there.

I thought they just exchanged spitting maple syrup in each other's face.

They have for service.

They have the $5 bill is nicknamed the Funi.

They have acute nicknames for all of their currency.

I love the Tundis.

Oh, I love them.

They're the only nation that speaks directly to their money .

Hey, Tundi.

Hence the nicknames.

How are you?

They have a brief conversation before any money is spent.

I was watching their money.

I let the money know where it's going, what it is purchasing.

I was up in Canada watching House Hunters in Canada.

I was just laughing because...

Were you not able to see it here?

Yeah, it's a weird reason to go to another country.

Well, you know, hey, they better cable.

I like to go to different countries on Earth and sample their House Hunters.

But I was watching it and they were saying something was $ 560,000.

I was just imitating the people saying, oh, how many Tundis is that?

Well, 280,000 Tundis, I guess.

Anyway, what's your story about whatever it is you're saying?

Oh, I was doing a folk festival up there, which is a great comedy audience.

Folk music?

Hip-be's on tarps.

Yeah, you're married, chapen carpenters.

You're your band-less guy from Neutral Milk Hotel.

Your acoustic troubadours of all sorts and sizes.

It was fine.

It was just...

Isn't it Jeff Mangum?

It was not.

They were not.

Anyway, it was fine.

They get all gigasci.

I flew to Missoula.

That's the first city I'll mention.

That's where I'm from.

It's in Montana.

And then I drove from there.

You're welcome.

I didn't thank you for going on.

Your apology is accepted.

All right.

I dropped...

My dad has this nice little Audi that he's pretty proud of.

Oh, I've heard about your dad's Audi.

A lot of people are talking about the TT.

Sweet Audi, bro!

It's the new Clotro, they then say.

Why is this car so famous?

It's because it's the nicest car in Missoula, Montana.

And the mayor took it for a test drive, gave my dad a giant key and cut him with some oversized scissors.

Was this mayor named Franklin Roosevelt or $5 bill?

No, no, this was current.

I am just interested in your story.

Come on, hook it back in, Chris.

Okay.

I started to drive over the border.

There's a town called Cardston, second town.

I've mentioned.

Cardston.

Yeah, it's a Mormon community.

John Jacob's.

Second-line, Mormon.

Yeah, yeah.

Called by.

I'm just full circle with my boring tails.

I spin a yarn and bring it right back to the ball.

Anyway, right when I got into town, it started to hail.

And I was, oh, right nervous about driving my dad's car and started to hail big hailstones, like the- Golf Ball size?

The zesticulation I'm making right now that no one can see that size.

Wow.

Almost Golf Ball size.

So I- Just kind of like a mini golf ball size.

Yeah, yeah.

I have some non-regulation golf ball size.

Think of the size ball that Tim Conaway would have used the size he was as a golfer as Doris.

As Doris.

Give me a moment to envision it.

Yeah.

It takes- Let's have a moment of silence for this Tim Conaway size golf ball.

That size ball.

Do you see it?

Moment of silence, Chris.

All right, that's enough.

I have it fixed in my mind.

Okay, cool.

Okay, great.

So that size, hail, started falling.

And I was like, I'm not going to let my dad's car get ruined.

So I pulled on the sidewalk under a awning.

Okay.

That happened to be a church, a church of Latter-day Saints because it's a Mormon community.

Everyone was like walking around with denim skirts and- You're getting hailed on.

Yeah.

I got out of the car and the hailstones became baseball size.

What?

Twirl regulation baseball?

Little league.

Okay.

Or holes.

Holes were one car.

Just all the- One car holes?

One car holes.

All the windshields.

The Dairy Queen got screwed.

Every- The Dairy Queen got screwed?

Yeah, raped by snowball.

Well, you mean Bill Murray screwed?

Yeah.

Yeah, the Dairy Queen got screwed.

It's got- Oh.

I'd- Anyway, every car that wasn't in a garage in that town got totaled.

Oh, totaled?

Todled.

A full-body dance.

All windows broken.

All windows broken?

All went- Holes and roofs.

In roofs of cars.

And I- and then I noticed I was parked under an awning at a church.

It was a church of Latter-day Saints.

It was their church.

I'm an atheist person.

And so- and their cars got totaled by what specifically is an act of God.

Oh.

On an inch.

All the cars there at the church that weren't under this a wning.

They were ruined by their God.

You're saying if these foolish people who believe in the spare tear in the sky had only done the thing you did which was to break the law and park on the sidewalk.

Right.

Where was their God to save them and tell them, hey, you are not out in a hailstorm right now, but get out in it, get in your car, park it on the sidewalk.

Sin.

Committa Sin breaks the law.

My- my God told me right away.

Hm.

That is- there could be no greater story to delineate how ridiculous it is to have beliefs.

Yep.

I told you that there were holes in those beliefs.

Can I ask who's up the story?

And Ruth stops.

Was that the story that you that you started out to tell?

Well, usually I- I spend more time on the Dairy Queen getting scrouged.

But uh- but yeah with- I usually derail it a little more.

So it has that extra- how many dilly bars were ruined.

Is that the Dairy Queen thing?

It is.

Yeah, it is.

You could have a peanut buster parfait.

They are- they are- there's a merchandising tie-in for Jack Reacher with Dairy Queen.

Oh boy, I can't wait for that.

The key action scene in the film, the- the- the set piece of the film takes place at Dairy Queen.

Hm.

Where he just reaches for his cone?

Or- He reaches for the- the machine that dispenses the- the hardening chocolate sauce.

And that is how I am defeated in the- and spoiler alert.

Really, you get chocolate sauce?

Yes.

And you're all, ha ha, how do you think this is going to stop me?

And then he goes, you got soft served.

Uh-huh.

And then he says that at the- Shit hurt.

And then I reach for him the ironic- Oh ironic.

And that is when the chocolate sauce hardens into a hard shell.

And then Tom Cruise, as Jack Reacher says to me, uh, you seem like a very sweet guy.

And then you become the statue in the middle of town?

In the town square?

Yeah, I am blinking statue.

Wow.

Oh my goodness, I can't wait to see this film.

It's going to be tremendous.

Oh, right.

Well, I'll tell you what, let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have a little more Chris Fairbanks and a lot more Werner Herzog.

And we'll be right back with Comedy Bang-Nig after this.

Okay.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Chris Fairbanks.

Thank you.

Thank you both of you.

Yeah, usually Werner, a co-host doesn't just repeat what the host says.

I hear she adds to it.

I believed the term, uh, indicated that I was to share the burden of hosting with you and, uh, therefore ease it for both of us.

I would love for you to ease my burden.

Maybe you should take over from now.

I'd love to take a breather here for a second.

Do you want to take over for hosting?

As you wish, I only wish to support you.

As you wish from the Princess Bride.

Yes.

Is that why you say that?

It's my favorite movie.

What do you love about the Princess Bride?

The performance of Andre the Giant.

Proving that nature is abhorrent.

Exactly.

That's exactly correct.

Yes.

Why he was a criminally underused actor in Hollywood.

And he was a criminal.

Yes.

He has murdered people.

Yeah.

It's a shame he is no longer with us.

Oh, oh, the people he would murder.

Oh.

It's a shame he's no, he can't be brought to justice for his crimes.

But once he died, everyone just was like, oh, well, let's not prosecute him.

And that's why you never hear about it anymore.

I wish that a scientist would create an unnatural machine to bring Andre the Giant back to life so that we could put him on trial for his crimes against humanity.

What is my greatest wish?

I wish I had a genie and that's the thing I would wish for.

If we both wish it very, very hard, maybe this dream will come true.

How should we do it at night?

Should we pray for it?

I mean, obviously we shouldn't pray for it.

There is no point in praying as God is a joke.

But wishing a genie might not be a joke.

We actually should wish for it.

There has been no concrete disprove of the existence of gen ies.

Like there has been with God.

Yes.

Okay, great.

Chris, you were a religious man?

I was raised atheist.

Raised atheist?

Really?

You were raised actively, parents saying there is no God.

Not actively, but I would ask about it after a certain age.

You're like, what happens when we die?

And my dad's like nothing, just a dirt nap forever.

But they made me believe in Santa Claus.

It's always like 14.

So I don't understand.

Like he had people dress up that he worked with, dress up like Santa.

And I came in 14.

Well, this was early, but I had seen him.

So the memory lasted till I was 14.

That's probably six.

I think you're still remembering it right now, actually.

The memory persists to this day.

You have, I'm sorry to diagnose you as still remembering this.

That's my, is that the clinical term for what I have?

He'll remember.

I'm sorry, but you have still remembering this.

You are cursed with what we call in science circles memory.

Plus your dad has that sweet outy.

Yeah, yeah.

It sounds like a cool dude.

He is cool.

Yeah.

Chris, I noticed you have something there with you.

What exactly is it?

You have a box?

I too am curious about this.

Thank you so much.

Do you want to take over?

Yes.

It's just, I let me, let me grab it here.

Allow me to do some hosting as Scott takes a breather.

Okay.

Chris, I noticed you have a box.

Will you disclose the reason and purpose of this box being in the studio today for the listeners?

You guys both know how much I like.

I'm taking a breather.

Just leave me out of this.

Okay.

Please, it's for me.

You know how much I like breakfast, right?

Yes.

It's known in circles.

Even though these aren't gluten free, I go ahead and get sore the next day because these are just delicious.

It's a, it's, it's, it's, it's flat jacks.

It's a mix, a box of flap jacks.

Do you want to say flap jacks?

Yeah.

Oh, my breather's over.

I mean, yeah, yeah.

I knew I'd pull you back in.

Get out of the fetal position in the corner.

We're talking flap jacks.

May, may I ask griddle cakes?

As in, in Germany, we do not have the meal of breakfast.

What, what is the difference between a flapjack and a panc ake?

I didn't know there was a difference, but on the back of the box, there's a very strongly worded difference.

An admonition?

Yes, flapjacks were a hearty mainstay and pancakes are, are , are, are, they're plaguing our nation.

Oh, my gosh.

And, and I just, I didn't know that though.

I didn't know pancakes were a bad thing until I read this.

Does the box go into detail about why pancakes are so terrible?

I would say just read from the box.

I was just going to have us just talk to them.

I guess we could.

I mean, there's this.

Your idea is perfect.

My idea.

Luckily, and I wasn't planning on doing this, but there is a story on the back from the people at Baker Mills, Kodiak, Cakes based in Salt Lake City.

More Mormons.

Yeah, there we go.

Everything comes full circle.

Interesting.

None of it interesting at the time, but at the end you're like, as long as that circle it falls the Mormon faith.

And your dad's sweet outy.

Oh man, that'll come up in the middle of this box.

I'm, I'm guessing I haven't read it yet.

Hard and iced.

So, so Baker Mills people making Kodiak cakes.

Yeah, they have strong opinions about the supremacy of the flapsack cakes for over pan cakes.

Yeah, I'll just read it out loud.

Maybe I didn't see you.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Oh, okay.

Here we go.

I'll share it with you guys.

It makes for better.

I'll share it with you guys.

It makes for better radio, better terrestrial radio, which is what we're doing.

Years ago, flapjacks were the hardy mainstay of frontiers men from the frigid Yukon to the wilds of Alaska.

And from the rocky mountains to the high sea eras, these rugged mountain men and homesteaders relied on a traditional flapjack that combined the rich substantial taste of whole grain wheat with a light mellow taste, a whole grain oat.

Although the old timers knew of the excellent taste and abundant energy they received from their daily tradition, they didn't fully realize they had stumbled onto a superb nutritional combination.

Their flapjacks contained a powerful source of carbohydrates, protein and fiber.

Hah, all with very little fat.

But since then, the original flapjack has quietly disappeared from North American tables.

Today, few people even know that the frontier flapjack and the ordinary pancake are not the same.

They're not the same.

Yeah, it says it twice.

It's a weird box.

Oh, please shut that window into your code if you're trying to enjoy this box.

Many are just now discovering for the first time that the original flapjack tastes a whole lot better than the lifeless creations that commonly pass for pancakes these days.

At Baker Mills, we set out to restore the flapjack tradition.

We had to get serious about ingredients.

Real taste, real nutrition.

They demand real ingredients.

The old recipe could not be compromised for profit.

Inexpensive fillers such as bleached flour, white sugar, vegetable storeening.

Hah!

Al the question, God damn it.

Only with a commitment to use these original ingredients could we restore this tradition lost in the mixing of races.

We believe we have made good on our commitment with Kodiak cakes using only the finest American wheat.

Kodiak cakes are not for the faint-hearted or weak, that's real.

But for those who, like the old frontiersmen exploring and settling untamed wilderness, require nutrition, vitality, and taste.

Pancakes are a surge on an otherwise pure society.

They are taking our American jobs and sleeping with our white women.

We need to rise up!

White flour!

Is one of the ingredients on here.

Oh my God.

Paid for my Romney-Pailie.

So that's a spixing.

Who is Romney-Pailie?

Romney-Pailie.

She, in four years, dropped celestial letters to her name thinking that she will acquire more listeners.

The less you.

She's from Alaska.

It's a town there called Fairbanks.

What were you saying was a surge on?

It's a real surge.

I don't know.

I was just reading this.

Yeah.

I think maybe you mispronounced it.

It's a Scrooge.

Oh, it's a Scrooge on an otherwise pure Dairy Queen.

I don't know how I missed that sentence.

What did I say?

A surge.

It very clearly says it's a Scrooge.

Yeah, okay.

It McDuck on an otherwise pure.

That's crazy, man.

I know.

If you find something like that, it is your responsibility to come on a podcast and read it.

Well, I mean, I wouldn't have started reading it if I hadn 't heard music begin to play in my ear holes as I ate my breakfast.

Wow.

That's not going to be worth it.

Crazy.

Werner, what do you think about that?

Do you agree with any of that?

That flapjack mix box is a chilling spiral staircase of deception and hatred.

But I would like to option it and make it a film.

Okay.

So you're going back to directing?

I'm going.

Is this an announcement?

Yes.

This will be my first film after launching my acting career , but I will act in this as well.

Please.

Will we?

And you're going to be the villain?

I will be.

Yes.

I will be the villain.

What villain is also one of the flapjacks?

What villain would there possibly be in that story that I heard?

Obviously the pancake.

Yes.

Okay.

The pancake man.

Is that the name?

The pancake man.

Of the villain?

Yes.

John Grisham's the pancake man.

So you're being tongue Grisham into this?

Yes.

Okay.

You're attaching him.

Great.

Yeah.

That's great.

I would see that.

It can't miss Werner Herzog's John Grisham's the pancake man.

Starring Werner Herzog as the pancake man.

And as said pancake man.

And one of the flapjacks.

This is all above the title.

And then the title is the pancake man.

Yes.

So it's really it's his Werner Herzog's John Grisham's the pancake man.

Starring Werner Herzog as the pancake man.

And one of the flapjacks, the pancake man.

Okay.

I got it.

I think he should make it longer.

John Grisham.

Oh, fun stuff.

John Grisham, Jacob Jingleheimer Grisham.

All right.

What do you say we take another break when we come back?

I am bushed.

Did you hear?

I mean you did a voice and everything.

I mean I had the energy to do it.

Yeah.

That's the sustenance that we all know exists in flapjacks and not a worthless pancake.

You even took off your sweater to do it.

Oh yeah.

I got to see how sweaty I am.

Yeah.

You're dripping.

Not dripping oat.

Oh, juice.

I'm dripping oat juice.

Oats.

Juice.

You come on.

You guys, you never drip oats.

Juice.

I know we all do.

All right.

Let's take a break when we come back.

We'll have more Werner Herzog.

More Chris Fairbanks will be right back with the comedy.

We'll be right back with the comedy.

I'm from another place, but not from the future.

Oh, okay.

Well, we're never going to figure this out.

Oh, well, we're my in a molasses stew.

There's only one thing that can get us out of that.

And that is, of course, it's time to play a little something we call, would you rather?

Oh, well, we'll be right back with the comedy.

We'll be right back with the comedy.
