Happy New Year just kidding! We have a great show today, we have Ben Schwartz from the Showtime hit House of Lies, he will be here during the show , we also have Shelly Drift to it, a very curious gentleman, all of that and more, all on 2013's first!

♪♪♪♪ Wakey, wakey eggs and bakey open wide for the Sunnyside Express! Choo, choo! Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang! Thank you so much to Nick Faber for that catch phrase submission and Happy New Year! It is January 2013, the world did not end, first Monday of the new year and we are back! We are back for another year of Comedy Bang Bang and I hope that podcasts still exist!

Otherwise, this won't be coming out! I want to welcome you to the show, my name is Scott Ockermann, if this is your first regular show, welcome! I know that we had our best ofs over the past couple of weeks and a lot of you may be new listeners and I want to welcome you to the show and you are in for some hijinks today! And I believe I did almost the Jewish hijinks when I said that! So as a sort of a welcome to our first guest of the year! Boo! Boo! Boo! Brink!

Brink! You're also through a dreidel at my face! I always keep a dreidel in my pocket just for these very occasions! I'm going to go back here just in case, but don't throw it again! But we have one of our favorite guests of all time here on the show and this is a great week for him to be on because I know he has a television show which is on cable I believe coming out this week, coming out this Sunday! This Sunday 10 p.m. Showtime House of the Blinds! Hightown! Nope! I'll stop you right there because I knew you get it wrong! What? It's not pie towns called House of Lies!

Just say that to me, really!

The show's called Pie Town! No, no, no, no, what I say! You gotta see this Sunday 10 p.m. House of Lies! Okay, this Sunday! This Monday! Never!

Pie Town! It's Monday never!

Why you throw to this Monday part in? This Sunday! Don't be looking for it Monday! Don't you know, Kristen Bell, Josh Lawson, Benjamin Joseph Shor, to star in... Nope! I froze! House of Lies! Does that happen to performers sometimes? I sometimes! Oh! Done a thousand episodes of this show, you shouldn't freeze anymore! Ben Shorz is here, welcome Ben! Hey everybody! How is everybody? Thank you so much for coming! Sure, thank you for having me, I appreciate it! One of my favorite, favorite guests to have on the show. Who are the guys that are more favorite? Ah! God, Ben Stiller, he did it once for about 20 minutes and never came back, but boy, he was great! That was the best there was! That was the best there was! Best ever! Goat! I got it! Greatest of all time! Yeah! Jinx! Ben, welcome to the show! Thank you so much, Ben! Welcome back! How is everything? How are your feet in your head? You know what?

The New Year is treating me well, I have to say. Yeah, you said 2013 was going to be your year, and so far how have the six or seven days been? I tell you, it's magic so far!

Yeah! You know, I mean, we had, first of all, we had January 1. Yes! Okay! New Year's Day as far as I'm concerned! And how many of you knew yours? I know you made a lot of resolutions. Oh, I 've kept about 99% of them right now. Very good.

Which is, I only made one, so I've kept 99% of one solution . Okay, okay. I had one cigarette.

And you said you would not have 100 cigarettes? Exactly!

Oh, that makes sense to me! That makes sense to me! But then, after that, January 2! Great! Even better! Yeah! You know what? Then, I can relax! Oh, you guys can't see! He's doing the walk like an Egyptian day! I don't know! And then, after that, January 3! Took a little dip! I know, I saw. That was great! That was in the news. That was a Nicky Fink! Yeah, that was no good!

But you know what? You're back in the habit! Like, the big old bird! Back to January 4! Yeah! Exactly!

Yeah! 4! 5! 6! Now 7! We're on it! We're doing it! 2013! We run this town! Your car's getting towed outside right now! Your car's getting towed right now ! Ben, what do you have planned for the year?

Man, we're still filming House Allies right now, we're still filming it! But for the first third... Are you going to be done by the time it premieres on Sunday? No, we won't be done too! Really, there won't be an episode done! We didn't start till November 1! We pushed a little bit! So, people are going to see a work in progress! That's... Or, those episodes will have been done! They're not going to watch a live television program! You know what I mean? Like, we'll have... Hey, John Cheetel was on one once! So, he's got experience there! That's true!

That George Clooney... Black and White!

You're getting racist without you having to be... I don't mean that... Oh, I'm sorry! I don't mean Cheetel is Black and George Clooney is White, although that is the case! Don't get interested in up! I hate your Black first White's then... When you know... You're going to the act! You're going to the act!

White people act like this! Hey everybody! And then you go Black people act like this! Hey everybody!

It's so simple! We're all the same! When White people go into McDonald's, they order this!

Big Mac! When a Black person goes into McDonald's, they order this! Big Mac!

There's no difference between the races! That's what I'm saying!

Yeah, so yeah... You know what I'm talking about! He was on some live TV movie!

Where... He's a male-safe as I was talking about! He was performed at UCB! The same exact show that you performed in! No pants! Really? You were generous enough to have me on your improv show!

You were fantastic! UCB! I was alright! Not used to doing!

Would you do it again? Did it make you undo it again or did you get scared about it? I would do it again! I've always wanted to sort of get into improv! But I feel like I have too busy a career to start taking classes! Yeah! It's like I don't think that I could do a show! I don't think that I should normally... The conceit of your shows that people who do not do improv! They join people who have been doing it for decades! Yes!

So I felt okay doing that as long as people know that I'm not actually... And you were introduced justly being like this gentleman that has not done improv before? Yes! So you can make any mistake you wanted! Exactly! But you had! You were very sharp! So you must have done improv a little bit before! Just slightly a little bit! But I wouldn't do a normal show unless I took classes! I feel like I would have to get you know a little more... And it made it weird when we were doing the show you kept saying like can we get some microphones out here and sit down? Yeah! Do we turn this into a radio program at all? No! It can't be a podcast! Every scene be a podcast! Every initiation I would do I'd be like hey man it's getting hot out here! Do you want to go inside? Do you want to record a podcast? No! Nobody! I don't! Well this is literally a scene that happened! Ready? Scott man this movie is crazy! Have you seen this movie? Hey man! Let's talk about it on my podcast! I rather not!

Let's just watch the movie! Looper is... It's crazy!

Welcome to the show! I have been short! It's talking about Looper! But that was an interesting show because JJ Abrams... JJ Abrams!

He also did it! He was the other person who would not have done him properly! He was so good and he had such a wonderful time! And he's... JJ Abrams man that's...

I look up him so much! It was cool! And he was thrown into the deep end more than I was! Like he was ... He had to sing in the middle of the show!

There was a scene that kind of it was set up that he was in a recording booth and you were sort of like okay sing that... Yes that was a tough thing! And he came up with a theme song on top of his... To be fair you do a stand-up show every week for the past 150 years! So you do stand up on that stage quite a bit! He had done! Nothing on that thing! It's all done! That stand- up show! What are you talking about? Yeah the last one was last month!

That's crazy! Yeah! Can we talk about it? Free and clear?

Yeah! It's all... It's over! In December it ended? Yeah!

December 4th was the last one!

All right we gotta talk about it! You believe it! Ten years ! Ten plus years! Is that last show was it amazing? Oh it was great! Yeah it was our benefit show for the for the LA Food Bank and thanks so much to people who came out to it and supported the cause we had a great show! Was I there? I was there! No no no no!

Not loud! In fact I feel weird bringing it up right in front of you! I threw it on the dreidel at my face! No! Good! Tell me about... By the way legendary show Sadnessy Eko that was a fixture in this city for a very long time. But thank you very much! First we did a comedy death ratio that was started in September 30th of 2002 then it se gued into comedy for the same day! It's crazy! Man you did it for over 10 years!

Yep! Yep! And all done! All done! Congratulations that is truly a magnificent thing! I remember when UCB was trying to grab that show from where was it it was it? It was at a place called the Umbar!

I remember when people at UCB were talking about they're like we gotta get comedy death where we just turned into a comedy theater so it was truly it was a big big deal for us to grab that for the theater to grab it! Let me ask you a question what is this show pie town that I keep hearing about? What is it? Do you want me to invent a synopsis for pie towns? I've never!

Yes please! I've never seen... Pie Town is about a gentleman right who makes pies!

And he was so good at making pies that he used to build like everything was a pie! His house was a pie!

His pies were pies! Even his pies were made out of tiny pies! His pies were made out of like seven several times! Was he a scientist as well that invented the molecule that was a pie? Yes! Yes! So essentially all man was created pie and so the end of the first episode ends with they all get trapped on an island! Okay that's not a pie! And there's a smoke monster that comes after him!

Okay so is JJ doing this show as well? I don't remember who 's JJ? JJ Abrams we were just talking about him? No remember him... Does he just put a smoke monster in everything is it? I don't know but Star Trek 2 has a beautiful smoke monster in it!

You got to see it! Spock comes out of nowhere and goes... He's like this smoke monster is highly illogical!

Oh goodness! No tell me about tell me about whatever this show is called! How's the law is? Don C headle, Kristen Bell, Josh Lawson, and I play four management consultants and what we do is we do what that is! Well that's great because a lot of the TV show at the beginning was trying to explain to you that a lot of it is trying to bullshit people into explaining what it is.

Essentially what it really is though is you go into big business or whatever the job is we go into places to kind of fix them up and to make them more money. Sort of like what our president Mitt Romney! Oh my goodness is our president Mitt Romney right now! I was doing with Bear Capital! Bane!

Sorry Bane! How can I forget Bane from Dark Night Rises? Can you do... This is my favorite sketch yours because you're obviously right from us a show when your famous sketches before Bane came out in movie theaters. Well he's a great character but it was totally different than what it would be. Oh I love to play you! I'm gonna play Batman in your... By the way I'm gonna do the Batman that you had in this sketch set. Okay yeah and you'll play it. I'm gonna play Batman the way you wrote Batman okay? Okay all right here we go. Hey Bane!

Oh hi Batman!

People hated this sketch. I don't know what well let's keep going let's keep going. Okay you gotta get out of my face Bane! Oh I have a bomb! All right let me play with the bomb. Tick tick tick tick tick. Give me the give me the code give me the code to get give me the code to get it off Bane. I was gonna say you're slipping. Well that was Robin that was Robin. Oh Robin. Now this is Batman. Give me the code to get it off Bane. Oh that's incredible that was the incredible hole coming in. It's a Marvel DC mashup.

Oh I love mashups. God. My favorite type of music of all time. Mashup for real? Mashups!

Like give me an example. Like a uh a Danger Mouse when he did a Jay-Z and the Grey album.

Oh loved it. Did you thrill? Because it's like it saves you time. Oh you don't have to work too good.

You're listening to two songs at once you don't have to listen to those two songs. I get it.

You know what I mean? I love it. If I could do everything twice as fast I would do it. Okay. You know what I mean? I guess so I'm trying to think if you can jerk off and sleep the same time.

Of course I would. Who wouldn't do that? That's true. That 's the difference. Who in the human race would not want to receive an extreme pleasure while they're sleeping. But you wouldn't remember it probably. Well I think you would fold it in. That's what wet dreams are basically as you sort of jerky off without your hands. What was the last great wet dream you had do you remember?

I have not had one in since I was a teenager. Why did they just go away for most people?

I think you started having sex. Oh that's right. Yeah. Yeah . I haven't had one since uh 13 years old and then I started having how great were they? Oh they were so good. I remember the first one I ever had. I woke up and it was just all over the sheets.

What was? My ejaculate.

All over the sheets. How much did you ejaculate? I mean it was I mean there was barely any sheet in there. It was just like it was turned into water a bit.

It was just like a dripping thing that was falling apart. Oh god. No but I normally like I didn't know that okay this will go this will go away or whatever you know but I so I started washing my sheets. There is no bigger tip off to the fact that when your parents you're washing your shoes and my mom came in and was like saw me doing laundry which is very atypical of me at the time and it was just sheets and my mom just kind of looked at me and went all right. We'll go through this. Tell me what you really said.

So why do I'm assuming seems like are you doing the sheets?

Uh yeah I just thought I would tooth sheet. Really that was it that's what it was like.

She must have done it. She must have done it.

Oh yeah she gave me that look. Either you were peeing your bed or whatever. Hey man I don't pee my bed.

I come in my bed. I don't pee my bed. I come in my bed. Um Ben people can look for house Hassellized. House of lies. House of lies. Showtime. This is 10 p.m. Sundays.

And you play a character named John Raffia. No I play a character named Clyde Overholt.

Okay you'll talk about Parks and Rec which I didn't episode which already aired this season.

That's right. It was a great one. Thank you so much. You should play the same character in both shows. I don't think that's how it should work at all. I think you should be like the bells rocking the bells you know. It's playing munch from show to show.

That's not how I don't think it worked.

But I play Clyde Overholt and a lot happens to my character this season which is amazing.

That's all you want to know. Okay well it's like big moves.

My character has big moves.

All right. Okay. All right cool. All right well let's talk about what's on your what do you want to plug? No I'm sorry. No you're a character. Your character has a call to house of pies.

It's a story about all these houses made of pies and then there's a woman who eats too much but she has diabetes. So it's like so nobody knows what's going on. Check it out boy that's gonna be exciting. I'm gonna be ming ming. All right Ben we have to take a break. Cool let's put it to the break music. Can I sing the go to the break? Here we go.

Here we go. Go into the break.

Go into the break. Go into the break. Go into the break.

Everybody wants to take a quick break.

Everybody wants to take two minutes off. Everybody wants to take a quick break.

Ah. Nice. Thank you so much. You should have wides the break after that. Yeah let's play it every time we go to a break from now on. All right we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Bye. Comedy bang bang we're back here with Ben Schwartz and he got a cookie. I got a cookie guys.

I'm gonna be eating it for the first couple minutes right into the microphone hopefully. There is no greater sound than eating right into a microphone. Oh god please stop it. On behalf of my listeners please stop it. You got it done. You know what you can take a little break here. Eat in between lines because I do have another guest and who else did. Who else did? I thought it was just me then.

No no no man. We have a new we have a guest and it says right here that he helped with the food bank show that we just did in December. The big final comedy bang bang. It was an amazing show.

Yeah and I didn't mind doesn't say here how he helped but let's say hello to Shelly Driftwood.

Hello. Shelly. Hi guys. I'm so happy to be here. It's our pleasure to have you.

Thank you so much for coming. Oh my god this is so fun.

Yeah you already have me. How do you guys keep it like from keeping your stuff together. I don't know what that means buddy. You know.

Maybe it means how do we stop from laughing all the time or laughing at each other. Oh we're friends.

We've goof around all the time so we're used to it. Yeah so we don't laugh on. Are you I'm so sorry Shelly. I don't know you Ben. Oh well hey I'm and Ben Schwartz. Oh I thought it was Oberholtz.

No you're thinking about a character I played Clyde Oberhol tz. I was gonna say are you like do you know Bright Eyes? The band Bright Eyes? Yeah no no no isn't his name.

Connor Oberholtz? I don't know Shelly. I don't even tell her Oberst. Oh so you're all over the place.

Shelly are you a guy or a girl just right off the bat because you're wearing very ambiguous clothes.

That's very funny. Thank you. I'm a guy. Oh okay. But I all you know I wear like surf clothes and stuff so it's hard it's kind of hard to tell. Kind of hard to figure out your figure from those.

Yeah very loose fitting. Oh well I'm not a spring chicken you know.

I like you. So I do wear like baggy clothes. Yeah cool. Bag gy surf shorts huh?

That's right. It's harder to surf for than being so baggy you know.

There was a homeless guy who did comedy. Yeah talk about this. On the beach and we call him baggy surf shorts. Oh do you remember any of the comedy? Yeah. He 's just been looking you swallow before you ask a goddamn question. You don't want to leave this comedy . You remember any of this comedy?

Yeah you're very laid back. I kind of like. Hey man I'm just like you. I'm just like you California cool man. Baggy surf shorts. For the listeners Shelly here is an older gentleman. You said you know spring chicken. How old are you of a gentleman are you? I'll be 62. 62. February. Wow.

Wow. Anyways long gray hair that's. It's gray blonde.

Oh okay. It is gray blonde. One more gray. Um yeah. Well I see a little I see one strand of blonde up there. Oh okay yeah. That's not hair. What is that? That's right here the blonde in my hair. Yeah what is that? It's a fake canary. It's a fake.

Why are fake? Because it's fun.

That is fun. I mean define fun. Give me another thing that 's fun. The Native Americans used to wear a feather in their hair. Why can't you wear a fake canary?

You know what a year there was?

People also used to use metal armor when they walked around . Well hey maybe we should get back to that.

Yeah okay put on some metal. If you throw another drain out my face stop it. You hear me? Shelly what can I ask you what are you doing here? All I have here is you helped with the food bank show. Did you did you do it in exchange to be on this program? No but when I was there I talked to one of the guys who was there helping you. Oh okay. And I just said how can I get involved because I was having such a good time raising money for the shelter. I work for the shelter. Not a shelter but it's a food bank but um all right. It's well sometimes.

Well you didn't sleep there right Shelly?

You've been sleeping at the food bank? They don't turn you away. No they don't. You know they need sleep. You've been sleeping in the refrigerators there? I'm right there right by the refrigerators.

Okay. And because it's like a and it just makes it feels good to do something good. That's true I'll get a Shelly there. Yeah it does feel good to do something. So I'll get up at like 10 a.m.

That's our day. And I'll go to the food bank and I'll just hang out and talk to everybody.

So how are you helping when you say you do something good when you're just talking to people?

Well I come in and I'm fun. I'll have a fake canary on my head or you know I'll show everybody my tattoo. Oh let me see your tattoo. We haven't seen your tattoo show. It's Molly Hatchet. Oh it's the band Molly Hatchet. Oh the band I was gonna say the woman and they're all painted. Oh like frags edge open. He's opening his shirt. He really is opening his shirt. Oh my gosh look at that. Pushing his breast together. You're adding you swear you're a man? I got this. Yeah I'm a man.

Okay I got this. You've been drinking a lot of soy milk because you're totally bare-chested.

Totally bare-no hair. I smoke a lot of marijuana and I drink a lot of soy milk.

I get it. So I do have pronounced budding breasts.

Budding breasts. Okay well they're very lovely. They're lovely. I would say it.

Would you motor about me? I would yeah I'd motor about you.

I'd have a wet dream about you motorbiting him. I'll get a girlfriend soon right? Sure I think you might. Cool.

So you hang out and you provide joy to the people at the food bank and you show them your tattoo. Everybody laughs and everybody's like you know because when you're homeless it's not or you're homeless. No not me but a lot of people go to the food bank or homeless and I don't know if you know about him but it's not a lot of fun being homeless. So when they come in there.

When they come in there I'll be like doing jokes and I'll show my tattoo and I'll talk about my experiences you know. I used to sell Ferraris. Oh where?

Right there on the Wilshire.

That's crazy. I didn't seem like everyone else around. Yeah . It doesn't seem like a very California-ish type thing to do. This was back in like the early, this is before you changed.

The mid 80s. Yeah okay. Yeah. I did. I did a lot of drugs.

I did a lot of drugs.

What's your favorite drug? My favorite? Yeah. My favorite mushrooms.

Really? Yeah. The one that got me in trouble was cocaine. I bet. Did you have long hair back then?

No. I mean I had kind of like Davey Jones of the monkeys. Yeah. What about Davey Jones from Pirates of the Caribbean?

Davey Jones's locker? The Davey Jones locker? Like went to his head? Yeah the octopus man.

Is it anything like that? That's Davey Jones? I think so.

Yeah. Isn't it? Yeah. I can look like that. Hold on. Now you could. Oh my god. Oh my god. Right?

What the hell? Yeah. He looks like an octopus.

Yeah. He just moved his hair, his wet gray stringy hair around a little bit. Perfectly. I put it over the fake canary. I have very large skin tags. Yeah. They just hand-offs my flesh like icicles.

And I put them behind when I'm, but when I'm entertaining I 'll pull them out. Yeah.

Wait when you're entertaining you pull them out. Yeah. Just now I went across the street to 7-11 and I pulled out my canary and I'm like hey my canary speaks Indian. Oh my god. And then the guy's like what do you want? And I'm like, but it's fun. It 's not fun. That's racist. And I say to them my bird knows what you're talking about more than I do.

That's pretty funny. Shelley. So Shelley can I ask Shelley one question? Yeah please. When you were on cocaine fueled bend back in the 80s, right? With hair like Davy Jones from the monkeys. Yeah with hair like Davy Jones from the monkeys.

From the 60s Davy Jones? 60s Davy Jones? More than Mullen.

Which the craziest fuel, drug-fueled thing you ever did. You look so late back now.

You look so old and late back. What's the craziest thing you ever did? Well one time I went to the Hyatt which is now I don't even know what it's called but it used to be called the riot house.

Okay. And it's famous because Vin, not Vin here but Led Zeppelin would go in there to the riot house take over the whole hotel and force girls to put fish in their vaginas. What? And I 've heard the story. Really? Hammer the gods. Yeah. And so one time I went there with, who is the lady from Grey's Underfire?

Is that Brett Butler? Brett Butler and I. I was wrong. It wasn't Melissa Etheridge. Brett Butler and I went to the Chateau and we got so screwed up that then we went down to the Hyatt. The push fishy place. Yeah. And I mean fish push. Push fishy. And we went to the comedy store and we saw this whole lot of stories taking a lot of twists and turns. No locations. The Hyatt house is right next to the county store. I went in the county store and lo and behold was that who's the guy who did the rhymes? Oh and you guys play. Andrew Dice Kay called me a chubby faggot and told Brett Butler, come back to Georgia you whore. And we just had so much fun.

That's the craziest night. That's it. I was expecting you to like take over like a rob a car or a rock drugstore. Yeah. First of all, the way you set the story up, you started with Led Zeppelin used to put fish in women's vaginas at this place, which led me to believe something even crazier was going to happen. Right. Or that or maybe just the equal thing that you were talking about. Well, I use that to put you in the neighborhood because it was the comedy stores right next to you. The Hyatt house. Yeah, but no, but location wise, that's fine. But I'll tell you, you put us our expectations so high that you said we saw comedy show and what happens to the comedy show. Oh, you're about this. This is a sadder story. This has to do with Jay Sebring who is killed in Sharon Tate's house on that fateful evening. I don't know this right right there. The man. The man. Oh, I'm sorry. When you go down Benedict Canyon, don't do directions. Don't do directions, man. Just and you take dohini. You take dohini right down to where Ralph says. Okay. I think it's on third . You make a left don't go to Ralph's but go to a fancy grocery store and they have the past red quinoa. But what about the manson murders?

You give us a don't give us a location. I'm just putting you in that area. No, no, no, no, both Scott and I are disappointed in that. No, no. Thank you, Scott. Have you had just a boring life?

Hardly. Okay. Used to sell Ferraris. You said I'm sufferer.

I got David Jones's 60s haircut during the age. Like, like, I used to hang out with Brett Butler.

Brett Butler. Everybody knows that.

You don't have to talk about it. Me and Brett Butler were almost the center square in Hollywood squares back in the age. Together? Yeah. Why together? I mean, I understand her. She had a because he were a coke buddies and we did everything together. Great. She's like, and she's pitched me being like a dummy on her lap. Like pen and teller. No, like, man, I'm really dumb. Like, madam flowers. Oh, I remember madam flowers. I didn't mean to take a jab pen and tell her. I think they're great. You guys been to the to the planetarium? Here we go.

You mean the Griffith Park? Yeah. Griffith Park. I have filmed Rebel Without a Car. Oh, yeah. Classic movie. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Cut down down to Los Felis. Okay.

Then make a left at Hillhurst. All right. I know you're exactly. Okay. Now you're three blocks down from Los Felis. And there's a little doms. We're a little doms. Pass little doms is a place called Frojo Life. Yeah. Tread all his life. Yeah.

Delicious yogurt. Why bring up Rebel Without a Cause? My favorite movie of all time. Is it? Can see the planetarium from Frojo Life. Who cares?

Here's what you can see. This is a story. This is a story.

People care. People are listening and they want to play. Then tell him how to tell us. That's what it is. You just probably don't know how to tell a story. Okay. This didn't happen to me, but I 'll make up one. Okay. Here we go.

One day, me and my friend went to the, I'll take yours.

Went to Griffith Park. Went to the observatory, right? We got trapped in the planetarium. What ? The same exact time where a comet came out of nowhere and was coming towards us. No. We were the only people that could tell the world to get out. And the very last second we did and me and this woman just had sex while the meteor exploded in front of us. Oh my God. That's an amazing story. Yes.

That is a story. What was happening down the street from there? Yeah. You care about that? That 's what you care about really?

Yeah. Just take, take down the hill. I find. Go down. Go down Franklin.

Okay. See, right on Hillhurst, you're going to go see something called mustard seed cafe.

You're going to get, get they have a really good, um, a sandwich called the Mediodia. That place has rats. Does it really? That's what seed cafe. No, that's what I like that place. I love that.

I have rat untied my shoe. That's not why you just looked down your shoe was untied and you assumed a rat did it? Yeah. Yeah. I think your shoe is just like, what do you mean? You had to be a rat. You always tie those real. I don't go to that place.

That place makes me puke.

But just because of the thought of the rat who untied your shoe. I like those guys.

I like looking up. I like looking up at the planetarium though. Yeah. Is that your favorite place? No. You've never been there? No. Never been there.

Yeah. What's your favorite place?

My favorite place in law of Los Angeles? Sure. Oh my God.

Let's start with Los Angeles, then we'll broaden out to the world. I like this. I like this so much. And tell us the way that happened at this favorite place. Okay. Great. Have you guys been to Santa Monica Pier? Great. Yes.

The Ferris wheel, the all the games are gorgeous. It's really cool. Now head south 5,000 miles.

And there's a little island called Easter Island. This is great. This is great. Yes. Okay.

Great. Yeah. They have big chine heads and they don't know who made them. Yeah, of course.

Maybe it was aliens. Yeah. Or who knows. But they're so heavy. No one guy could pick it up.

Right. Right. It would take a couple guys or one alien. Or like a bunch of rats.

That's why they think it's an alien because it's they think one alien. Don't go off track.

You're about to say a great story. Where at Easter Island, man, this is amazing. What happened there?

Keep going. Oh, right. You're saying my favorite place.

Yeah. And one time me and Brett Butler got so hammered that we joined some of the girls and did a hula dance. Some of the girls at Easter Island. Yeah. Some of the girls that were at the airport at the airport. Did you even get out of the airport? We didn't. It was a it was a layover. We went to Hawaii right afterwards. Yeah. It was emergency landing. So in Easter Island, did you even get to see the things? Yeah, I saw them. We saw them from the plane from up above as you were flying in.

Yeah. It was like seeing. It's like, yeah, like it's like seeing a band from like a terrible seat at the Hollywood Bowl from the very back row. Yeah, like seeing arcade fire. Yeah. I feel like a shitty seat. That's what that's what the last image I had of Easter Island. And that 's your favorite place.

How about this man? Talk about the emergency landing. That never happens. What happened?

What happened in that plane? You and Brett are in that plane. Oh, they were three Libyan guys on there. Great. And they were going to they were starting to kill everybody.

That's how dad's I already. Not the story about seeing Easter Island really far away.

Yeah. So Brett Butler is in the John taking it or whatever.

And she didn't tell you. These Libyan guys take over the plane. Well, Brett wasn't going to have any of that. So she got into her seat and we got quiet.

And then luckily they landed on Easter Island and everybody got out and was safe. And those guys said they were kidding. It's still okay. I mean, it's a little exciting. Kind of like a weird interview. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. Were they really terrorists or were they just hanging out?

They were just hanging out. Yeah. Do they announce this to the plane?

They said we're terrorists. We're taking over the plane.

And then I think someone told them, hey, this is pretty serious. So they're like, oh, we're kidding. Oh. But by that time, we'd already we've lost our cookies. More more bank tellers should try that when they're getting robbed.

It makes a lot of sense, right? I believe that makes a lot of sense.

But just kidding, defense. Well, Shelley, you're a fascinating person.

Fantastic. Thank you guys. I'm still not quite sure why you 're here.

I want to just promote. Oh, I want to promote good energy.

Okay. You know, what does good energy mean to you? Good energy means being like friendly to your neighbors, eating good food, treating yourself well, treating your skin well, getting good hair. Wait, getting good hair. Getting good hair. However, means possible.

So wait, if someone is losing their hair, you advocate that they either take Rogaine or they get a wig. Get a wig. Go to Hollywood Boulevard and buy a blackie.

Wait, you may sound like is by anything impossible means makes you scout people.

Do you take is that an option or that's ridiculous? Okay, I 'm sorry. I'm sorry.

Just the way you were very defensive when you said that though, like almost like you because I don't mess around with overholts TV show. I don't know why he has to mess with my character named Clyde Oberholts mess with my passions. I don't mess with your passion. So that's part of like being good to everybody.

You're right. I apologize. You're right.

So you have a passion for people having just attractive looking hair. I think that's part of making yourself better. You ever see a bald guy happy?

Of course. Oh no. What do you actually? Oh no. Ron Howard's happy.

No, he's not. I'm not sure. Ron Howard's so.

Ron Howard's happy. Clint Howard, do you think he's happy?

Yeah. What about what I brush will? I don't know. I that's a good point.

Really? Yeah. Think of one happy bald guy that you've ever seen. Even a friend.

Mr. Magoo. Now he's so nearsighted. Yeah, he's not happy.

He's not happy. He's always walking off of buildings and ledges. I don't know. It's all about self empowerment. Yeah.

Yeah. What do you think about the food that Ben's eating here?

It looks really good. Yeah. It looks like there's a sesame seed top on top of some kind of chip.

It's like a cookie-ish type thing. Whoever got it was very kind. It's a cookie cake with sesame's on top. Yeah. It's a little naughty, but it looks if you're going to get naughty, that's on the healthy spectrum of naughty. That's true. It 's not like I'm eating a ding dong ring dings. Ding dong ring dings. Ding dong ring dings. Ding d ong ring dings.

Shelly, so you hang out at the food bank. You bother everyone there. You show them your tattoo over and over again, which once you've seen it once, I don 't think I would need to see it again.

I thought I saw it once. I never have to see it ever again in my life.

And then you advocate that people be good to each other.

That's right. And that got you on this show.

That got me on the show because I do plan on helping other sorts of individuals, not only bombs. I mean homeless people. And poor people. And people I help people. I teach people how to bathe.

How to bathe? How to bathe. Take the what? The process.

Is there hypertension? I don't know how to bathe. Hey, how are you, sir? We're here to learn a bathe. Okay, come on in here. Okay, where are we? Where are we? Where are we?

Where are we walking inside? Oh, we're in a restroom with a food shelter.

We're in a food bank, by the way. It's a food bank, man.

You're the only one that sleeps here.

Is it really a bank? Yeah, I can't put a card in the machine and get a cheeseburger. Oh, God.

It's more like a food to strip. All right. Oh, God. Okay, so I'll walk inside.

This is certainly not suspicious. This is so take your shirt off.

We fill up the sink with water. Okay. They put their face in the water and then I I put soap on it. Why is my shirt off if I'm just putting my face in water? You don't want to get anything wet. Anyway, I'm teaching these people how to survive in a certain society that is expected. Do people get clean? Okay, what if that what happens if I'm a bald man, I enter?

I just I can't really so you can't deal. You can't even teach me how to watch my face? No, I have more face than the other people. My face goes off to top my head. Your name's Ben.

This is you help a bald person. It's like a waste of time because they're gonna kill themselves within a couple of years. Anyway, I don't think so. There's I'm not gonna teach someone how to be a ball president. Surely we had many ball presidents. I don't think so. FDR? No, I don't think we would ever elect a bald president. FDR was definitely bald. No, definitely not. Who was bald?

Oh, he was in a wheelchair. Yes. He was very similar. So you so it's it's it's it's almost like you can't help a bald man unless you help him get a wig first. Is that what you're saying?

It's like working at the suicide hotline and someone with terminal cancer calls you up.

It's a waste. It's forget about it. Don't waste my time.

Don't waste my time.

Don't waste your time. Tell you all about pushing. Go on a roller coaster. You said you're producing good energy. For those that needed. Did you work at a suicide hotline or at a roller coaster back in like 84. So this is before the Ferrari dealership. It was a year before it was Ferrari. How did you get the job at the Ferrari dealership having only had experience at a suicide hotline? Your resume was very limited. To be honest with you, I caught my boss's wife cheating on him. Oh, okay. Where where did you know this man from? I live in the tree next door to his pool. Let's start. Why? And I saw him and I saw her making love to a guy who was in electrician position position. She was on on his side. And his penis was. Yeah.

Why is this so hard to roll over and in? Wait, she is over and in. She was on over her hip and it's a whole they're both on their back. Okay. Facing each other away. No, they're both facing the heavens. And his penis goes out and rolls over into her vagina. Don't use a word roll over.

I don't understand how. You know what I mean. No, I don't.

I don't. I don't. Look, Scotty, ready? They're looking up. Okay. They're both looking up.

Imagine they're both but heaven. And pretend it's just like a nor is you. They 're side by side. Right. So they're both looking up. But this man's penis rolled over her leg into her vagina. Yeah. Okay. That's interesting.

Yeah. It was very large. So so I'm sitting in a tree next door. I don't think they're getting my getting my jollies. What part of town is this? This is Brentwood. How do you get there from the radio shack? You're talking about earlier? Wow. The way I get the problem? No, no, no, no, no, okay. So this person's having sex with this other person.

And I told the guy and he's like, he's like, he's like, I can't do a Greek accent. But he's like, go sell for others or others in my place. What I did. What is this conversation like? How do you know it's not his wife, first of all, he could be having sex with his wife, but you guys in the tree, but you get the balls up, pardon my French, to knock on his door and say, I assume that you were just having weird rollover leg sex with a woman who's not your wife. My wife. My wife. Hey, 2013. Is that Bruno? I love it. Not brutal. Red ever. I was in a tree watching these guys go at it.

And I felt like, Oh, this is so dirty. This is not cool.

And I'm going to tell the girl's husband.

What I was doing in tree is the purplest to what's having here. Okay. What I was doing is irregardless.

Can you can you tell us what you're doing? That why we're in that tree, pal.

I was videotaping ladies that were getting some tents. Okay . So you were just videotaping ladies who were getting suddenly in the 80s. Everybody did that. And everybody was in trees.

Then the electrician walks out. Lays on his back.

Banks here lay on her back. And electrician rolls his wings over. I thought he owned a Ferrari dealer ship. No, the husband did. He was cheating on the husband. Oh, she's straight, man.

We're so good at reacting the same time. We should hear our new CD to straight men. Oh, that's racist.

Okay. Hold on. If I'm getting the story, I love that. Very good. If I'm getting the details of the story correctly, you were in the trees videotaping women who are getting sun tans.

All of a sudden you spy into a house. A woman invites an electrician in the electrician near the pool by the pool. She forces the electrician to lay side by side with her, upon which he takes out his penis, rolls it over her legs, drapes it over her leg. And it goes into her vagina.

The electrician leaves upon completion. You then wait for the husband, a Ferrari dealership owner, to come home and then you knock on the door and tell him what you just saw. Does that accurately show up? I waited for her to leave. Okay, she left because I didn't want a confrontation.

Okay, because I saw her roll away. She rolled away from after having sex. She rolled away.

You even know what the term roll away means. If Dixa rolling in a vaginas and girls are rolling off beds, well, she had one of those exercise balls. Okay, so she rolled down the street in exercise balls. Rolled down. Rolled down. Rolled literally rolled down the street. Wait, she was on top of the exercise ball. She was on the inside like a mouse.

She was on the inside of an exercise ball, then. What is that? It's I don't know like a hermetic sphere. Yeah, that's like a big bubble.

Like the one that the playing lips guy. Yeah, like a flaming lips wheel. Like a wing point. It was definitely like a flaming lip. So, so she forces the electrician to lay down with her.

He lays his snake like penis in her. Got that part, Scott.

And then makes him leave and she jumps inside a huge flaming lips ball and rolls out of the street.

Trots down the street. Right. And when she gets out of the way, ding dong, what? Who is going to the house and I talk to the guy and I'm the guys there. The guys there. When did he get there in the story? I mean, before she rolled away, the electrician or the guy? The electrician left first that she rolled away. So that guy was in the house. So the house is is he's hiding in the basement. The guys hiding in the home. Wait, why is he hiding his house? And guess whose house this was? Linen Aradakuprio. Jambonay Ramsey. This was she wasn't alive yet. Okay, that part's not true. Wait a second. This whole thing sounds fishy. No, it's all true except for the Jambonay part. No, it is not. None of it makes sense. So I go in there and I talk to the guy and I'm like, the guy who's hiding in the basement. No, the husband. Oh, yes, I talked to the husband.

Then the electrician's hiding in the basement. Oh, I get it . Oh, I get it. I get it. I get it.

And then we left and he said, run my run the mozzarella to you. That's right. And for that for five years, I was in charge of all my friends. Can we do my favorite sketchy yours, which is three Greek guys talking about the Avengers? Uh, what?

Where were all the Greek accents? I'm so lost right now because as far as I remember, you were you worked at a Ferrari dealership.

And now you're selling Mazarati's there. Oh, I'm sorry. I 've been Ferrari. I've been Ferrari.

No, but he admitted that he sold all the Mazarati's at this Ferrari. I was in charge of Mazarati's at the Ferrari. How many sales you get? How many sales? It was Gregoropolis, Ferrari, Mazarati, and Volkswagen. Okay, so we're gonna throw in there.

So whatever happened to the woman and the electrician, I mean, she's in that ball.

Did you come back? She comes back. He forgives her husband does. No, the electrician for Tricia, the electrician dies. He forgives her and then he dies. He dies coincidentally, putting in OJ Simpson's hot tub. Okay. OJ Simpson, who is 13 at the time? No, this is 80.

80. How old is OJ? OJ probably was born before he did. He was 35. He was just about to do naked gun number one at this point. How old was he when he passed away? He's still alive. I believe it's still alive. So he forgives the electrician forgives her presumably for making him hide in the basement. And then he leaves and then immediately goes to his house. This is mayhem.

He wants to know what happened. How do you say come? The husband is home. The wife comes home.

I leave. He's still in the basement. The electrician. Okay.

He comes out. Yeah.

When does he come out? He comes out after I leave. After you leave. Okay. They talk about it.

Got it. They go to El Coyote. He forgives her. They all forgive each other. They go to El Coyote.

After El Coyote, he goes, I have to go install OJ Simpson's hot tub. He goes there and he puts his drill right in the water and kills himself. Oh my gosh. He was trying to get a bolt all over the bottom.

He was trying to install a full hot tub. He was putting in a wet bolt and not using a proper wet bolt drill. Yeah. A wet bolt drill. Yeah. A wet bolt drill.

Shit. Most people let the water out before he drilled out in there. But he was going for it.

He was late. Are those two guys together? The husband and wife they still together?

OJ killed his wife. No. My wife didn't do a ship. My daughter. My wife didn't do a ship. My daughter and dealer. A Ferrari Greek man. I think they still are. I haven't talked to him a long time. But yeah, I think they're still there. Why did you get fired? Or I guess you got from maybe you left. Why did you leave the Ferrari dealership where you sold all the Montserratis?

I sold Brett Butler a Maserati for $45. And then you got fired. And I got fired.

No wonder you were coped with her. Yeah. She loved it. She was really close. All right.

Well, we got to take another break. That was a huge segment . Yeah. But let's go to.

Wow. Let's listen to the going to a break theme and then we 'll come right back with comedy bang bang.

Go into the break. Go into the break. Go into the break. Go into the break.

Everybody wants to take a quick break. Everybody wants to take two minutes off.

Everybody wants to take a quick break. I wrote.

Comedy bang bang. We're back here with Ben Schwartz and we 're back here with Shelley Driftwood who's had a really interesting life.

During the 80s, he had hair like Davy Jones from the monkeys amongst other details. That's the only thing you recall. Yeah.

Did we talk about anything else? Talked about it. Electric ian snaking his wife and going to ball.

I forget everything during the commercials. And then drilling a water filled hot tub?

I'm not ringing any bells. Oh my god. Tell you what guys, it's time for our final segment, not final segment, but one of our favorite segments here on the show. It's time to play a little something called would you rather?

Sign play would you rather? And we all know how this is played and if this is your first show, here's how it's played. People send me would you rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBB WIR, Comedy Bang Bang, would you rather? Please don't send them to me or I'll put them in the would you rather pile. When I say the would you rather pile , I don't mean would you rather scenarios that I will use. I mean the would you rather pile consisting of would you rather scenarios that I won't use? They're not discarding. You don 't even read them.

Yeah, so it's not like a would pile where you put wood on a would pile that you aim to use in your fireplace. The would you rather pile is actually a pile that has discarded would you rather scenarios on it. So you don't want your scenario to get put into that pile. Gotcha. Okay, so send them to CBB WIR and I will read them out loud to both of the contestants. And that is you, Shelley and also you, Ben. Thank you.

And I will then open the floor for questions. You're free to ask me any question about either of the scenarios you like in order to help narrow down your choice. At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions and there will be no more questions after I close the floor.

You swear? I solemnly swear. Okay. Now, once I've closed the floor for questions, I will then ask you to vote and you shall vote. And then we 'll tally up the points and we'll assign a winner. Okay, and that's pretty simple. Here we go. And now today's would you rather scenario comes to us from Jay Burger at Hebrew when no Hebrew in 77 Jay asks, would you rather every word in the Bible is true or good fellows was never made? Would you rather every word in the Bible were true or good fellows was never made? All right, I'm opening the floor for questions.

Is the floor open? The floor is open. I'm walking on to the floor. Do you see me?

Oh, the floor recognizes Ben Schwartz. Thank you so much.

Now, hey, that's Ben Schwartz from House of Pies. Oh, God, Ben, walk. I'm walking off the floor. See me walking off the floor.

He's leaving. I'm going to walk back as myself. Maybe recognize me just as your friend.

Pytown. Pytown PD. No. Okay, so does that mean I'm not I don't know every part of the Bible.

I'm Jewish. I just know the first couple pages. Really?

That's all they did you in Hebrew school is just Genesis. I literally know that what the front cover looks like back cover because it's in the dedication. I know the I know dedicated to Rawd's all and that's like literally all I know from the Bible. Does that mean that all that means that essentially every single thing in the Bible, both Old Testament and New Testament is exactly true and happened exactly as it was said in it. So the world is only 6,000 and 9,000 years old. God created man and man was came out fully formed. No evolution. It means Jesus actually existed and had performed miracles.

Does it affect our lives today? So like if that if we accept that does that mean that like Jesus hanging out and also there could be there could be brim something that could be all this bad things could be all the plagues and everything like that. It means that you have to be a born-again Christian. Otherwise you're going to hell when you die. Oh, well, I already know I'm going to vote but I'm not going to close the floor yet. All right. Right.

That's how that's helped. Good fellas.

Yeah, we have a jelly. And do you have a question about that side of the scenario?

So I have to choose one or the other. Great question. Yes.

Either living in a world where good fellas never existed or believing that everything in the Bible is true. Not believing it actually is true. Oh, you can ask anything you want, Shelley. What do you mean to ask everything I want?

You can ask anything you want. So I ask for more details in other words. So in this in this good fella situation, good fellas doesn't exist. Does that mean no movies exist? No. What happened is basically there is a diversion time stream from the moment that good fellas does not exist.

And there are ripple effects that have just cascaded. So the present day is very, very different.

Ray Liotta, he only made something wild and then he was done with his career. He never got to make all those other movies. He never got to be in heartbreakers . Does that mean no other parodies of good fellas could come out after you can't parody something that doesn't exist?

I guess it'd be original. So my script, good felines. Oh god. Wait, wait, you're talking about good felines or a second? Yeah, I have everyone in California has a narrow screenwriting. Mine is good felines. Okay, you wrote a parody script as your your mob cats. Mob cats. That's maybe a better title. But you should call them mob cats.

Good felines is kind of clunky. Yeah. Well, it's it's it's off the heat from good fellas.

So that's why I use that. Yeah, but what like from 1991, what is Ray Liotta? So instead of cocaine, what are they doing? Catnip? Mm hmm. Okay. Uh, okay. What else happens in there? And then and then the cat Pesci when he's gonna be made. Cat Pesci?

That means everybody's name is gonna be cat in the last real last and by the way, his name in good fellas is not Joe Pesci.

I know. Isn't that fun? So then when when cat Pesci is about to be made and you realize is, uh oh, I'm not being made, but I'm being killed. Um, what? There's no you don't even know where you're I have a question. You just trailed off.

You just trailed off all the cats in the room that we're gonna make him take off their masks and they're all dogs and they attack him. Okay. Okay. And then of course, how does cat de Niro goes crazy when this happened? So what other questions? So cat Pesci and cat de Niro, do they have nine lives when they die or they come back? Yes. Oh, that's the very different movies. That's the fun of it.

So just cat Pesci. You've been with them. You've been with them.

So that means there's 81 movies. That was the idea to make 81 films based on good fellas.

Why stop at three? A lot of films are trilogy.

You know, Marvel comics are coming.

The movie has a list on a wall. Looks like a goddamn blow up of a phone book page and it's like, these are all the movies we're making. You know what I'm saying? Marvel is making movies about the friggin' janitor that worked there. How do you know so much about Marvel?

Well, I'm a fan to be honest that I'm. Thank you for being honest. I've been on the premises.

Oh, of Marvel. Yeah, but I mean, did you sleep there?

Because there's no way they would have let you on there. I slept there. I slept on the roof. I hung out. They had a couple of meetings out in the back and I hung out there. Yeah. But that, so it's like, get a house, man. Yeah, get a tree at least. Get a tree, brother. How long ago did you write Goodfeline's?

About 10 years ago. 10 years ago. So already we're still shopping. We're talking 2003.

That's a good 12 years after Goodfeline's came out. That's like space balls.

For a long time, I had Brendan Frazier attached. Why? He was so ready to do it and then just things fell out. Did he realize that he was not a cat? Yeah . Well, he wanted to be the first live human in an all cat animation movie. Oh, really? It's an animated movie of cats.

That's so much more expensive. 81 animated feature length films. And each one.

With one live human being? Yeah. What was he going to play?

Well, Brendan Frazier.

He was going to play Brendan Frazier. You don't make him cat Frazier? That was the easiest fucking thing in the world. No, he was going to be cats or Vino. Cats or Vino? The big as boss. As a human. As a human. Okay. Your story checks out. I have a question about your thing.

That we're still playing. Would you rather? Yeah, we're still in it. This is part of the game.

You said there's a ripple effect. Am I alive in this alternate universe?

Interesting question. You are still alive. Yes. But some of your loved ones are not. You do that every would you rather you make all my loved ones die.

Every seriously. Well, I mean, you know, that if you choose the scenario, yes, your loved ones die because it's a world without Goodfellas. It's a world where Robertson euros. But I die in the other one. If I'm not Christian, I guess I can convert. No, you don't die in that. You just burn in hell for all eternity after you die. Because you're not going to convert if you pick the other scenario? Well, if I had to survive to convert, I would have to think about yes, converting. I would have to. If you were in that scenario, you're raised Jewish. All of a sudden you you learn that everything in the Bible is absolutely true. But that it started with Hebrews. Yeah.

But I mean, the whole point of the New Testament, supposedly is that it's what is what you said, the what? The whole point of the New Testament. What is the New Testament? The part where they improve the Bible.

Yeah, I know the Testament. I know one thing is called the Testament. It has been a really long time ago. But say, but okay, regardless of or irreg ardless, as you say, Shelley, of what you believe now, as a Jewish person, you learn that the New Testament is actually correct.

You don't you don't then convert. You just have you love Judaism so much that you you can't convert to this is interesting. I guess can I can I keep my ideals in the way that I live my life?

There are Jews for Jesus. That's an organization. Yeah.

What are those guys like?

I don't know. They're kind of a bummer. But wouldn't he burn in hell?

If that if everything was true in the Bible, then would be burning in hell. Why? Do I burn in hell in the Bible? Yes. As as a sinner. Oh, for some.

Are you are you a religious man, Shelley? I am. God damn it. Shelley, your life is all over the map. I've been with Kabbalah for four years now. Four years. Yeah. Do you still talk to Brett Butler?

We had a falling out. Oh, tell that. Wait a couple years ago. Tell that. So you started you joined Kabbalah four years ago and then two years after that, you had a falling out. Okay.

Tell us about it. Um, well, what's treated we own? Where when this happened? Yeah.

We're back now. We're in six street. Got it. That's just and Las Well, hold up. So we're at sunset and then we're probably going to go to Malzies. We're probably right now. Like we're probably right near Highland or Bingo , Baja Fresh. Baja. Why? The first place you mentioned wasn't even famous. Why start? That's because I wanted to get banned to know what area I was in. You could have just said you're the Baja Fresh near a near Highland. Great. Now what?

Fairfax. Fairfax. I mean, I mean, they're with Brett Butler . Yeah. And and she just says, go get me my sauces. And I'm like, what are you talking about? She's like, go get me my sauces. And so I go and I get Pico de Gaille. I get green tomatillo. I get red salsa. And then I get onions and radish mix. I get all these. Yeah. And she comes back and she's like, I want Chipotle style, which is the brown one. Okay. Okay. I was like, you're too much. That was it.

I get you all the sauces. That broke the cabbles back.

Except the one and she chose to get on my back about the one I didn't bring. So I guess I choose a scenario that What's that? You choose you choose a life without. It's not time to vote.

So I know it's not close. I just realized that we have gotten such a tangent. Such a tangent.

Yeah. We're not closed yet. Where were we when we left? Oh, yeah. So yeah, good fellas.

Good. Good. Fine. This is what got us here by the way. Good fellas though does not exist.

Scorsese never had that hit with good fellas. So his career just kind of like declined.

His next movie was The Age of Innocence. It was good. Not good. And so he couldn't get the funding to make all those films that he made. And he never won that Oscar for The Departed.

Well, because he never got to make that movie. Never made k undoon.

Never thought. So it's a pretty sad life, pretty sad existence.

For him though, but for me, I'm all right. You're okay.

Yeah. All your loved ones are dead though.

I don't want to know.

Shelley, any other questions about either of these scenarios?

No, thank you. What's the next one?

There's only one. That's it. We're going to vote here in a second if you don't have any other questions. Is the food more delicious in the good fellas one?

Is the food more delicious? No, the food is really delicious in the Bible one.

Because knowing that you're going up to heaven makes everything taste okay.

Because and you gain a lot of weight because you're like, hey, I'm not long for this world.

I'm going to enjoy it while I can. And so you just you eat like a disgusting pig and you're just like eating everything. And because you're like, you don't care about being alive all that long.

So you only live to be 37 years old before you have a terrible heart attack.

But then you die and go up to heaven.

When Smirn's go see easy. Smirn's go see.

Smirn's go see.

When he direct if he did not direct good fellas and he did not direct Hugo.

Am I correct? No, he never made it to Hugo.

So who directed Hugo?

Who directed Hugo? That was the Fairly Brothers.

That's a different movie I bet.

Yeah, I'm going to have to say then.

Please don't vote yet. We have close the floor for questions.

But that was impactful on your decision making process.

Interesting. Well, we'll hear why in a second.

All right, I'm about to close the floor closing the floor.

My foot, my foot, my foot.

Open up, open up.

Sorry, I'm so sorry.

My foot is down.

Just a crack.

Please, when I say I'm closing the floor, you got to get your feet away from that.

That wasn't for real. Everybody listening.

Come on, Shelley.

Shelley, what the fuck?

That wasn't a real door.

We're about we're seeing at a table.

Shelley, I think it's dishonest.

Now you want to ask me.

Dishonous like you in that John Benet fishtail.

Exactly. One little lie.

Little lie.

Just one little lie in this house of lie.

Thank you.

Sunday's Sunday.

Sunday's Sunday's Sunday.

Sunday's Sunday's Sunday's Sunday this 10 p.m.

All right, guys.

I'm going to ask you how to vote here.

Ben, how do you like to vote?

Just to go over it on the other side.

It's either all my family dies or everybody that I know dies and I die.

Well, no.

I mean, but...

You said you're burning any hell for eternity.

If you don't convert, you burn in hell for all eternity.

Yeah.

Would you convert?

I would go to the place where we could survive.

So I guess I live in this world where we would have to figure out a new religion.

So you would pick the everything in the Bible's true.

And you would become a Christian.

I don't know about that, but I would pick that one.

You would pick that world and you would tempt fate.

Yes.

I'd pick that one.

Your Judaism means that much to you.

No, no.

I would have to convert to make everybody survive.

Make everybody survive.

It would just be you.

Well, there are other Jewish people out there.

Yeah, but what you mean you would go out and be evangelical and try to get everyone else to convert?

You would go to the Book of Mormon?

Yes.

I think it'd be like that.

It'd be like that.

Ding dong.

Hello.

I am Ben Schwartz.

My name is Malzefyze.

You know me from Hausopai.

So why don't you do this thing?

There wasn't a doorbell everybody listening.

Stop it.

We're allowed to lie.

One little lie, just like your Jamba day.

I just don't think it's honest for him to just keep making this world.

How do you choose Shelly?

Yeah, okay.

I choose a world without good fellas.

Why is that?

Because it would be really hard if that all that stuff was should be really hard to behave.

I would already be dead, struck down by God, for all the things I've done.

So if everything in the Bible were true, and you as a religious man who studies Kabbalah, yes, you think that it would be too terrible to have everything in the Bible actually be true.

So yes, I prefer that all my religion is based on falsehood s.

Okay.

So then because then it means we get away with more things.

Okay.

So you get away with stuffs, but then you choose the non- Martin's corsese directing good fellas, which means your script, good fel ines, does not exist.

It wouldn't be.

It wouldn't make any sense.

Or does it?

Yeah, does your script, good felines exist?

And it makes those...

That's a good fellas.

You make those 81 movies, and they're so popular because good fellas doesn't exist.

You're in the changing experience, right?

No one sees it as a parody.

You're in the changing experience.

I know.

This is a tough question.

Wait, that makes it tougher?

The fact that your 81 movies are actually made in this scenario?

Yeah.

Why is it so tough?

I would just grab it.

Well, because they're going to be made.

Is that what you're talking about now?

Yeah.

Or if there was no corsese good fellas.

If there's no corsese good fellas, then good felines wins all those Oscars.

Oh, then I would like that.

Yes, that's our point.

That is the very encapsulation of our point.

Oh, good.

That you would like it.

So even though all of your loved ones are dead, because of the ripples in time.

Yes.

Who are your loved ones currently?

Shelley, are you married or are you going out with a woman or a man right now or no?

No one.

Oh, I'm sorry.

No one.

Do you have cats?

My, I have, I have three cats.

I bet, think about it, felines.

I have three cats, four dogs.

Jesus.

Five lizards.

Jesus, six mice.

Jesus.

Some canaries.

I think canaries.

Why do you put a fake one on your head when you have some real ones?

So you can relate to them better?

Exactly.

Okay, so quite a managerie.

So I can relate to that batter, bad.

I'm sorry, Shelley.

All right, well, let me tally up the points here.

Really?

Yeah.

Let's see.

Well, Ben, you picked, of course, the, everything in the Bible is true.

Yep.

And you may convert, and you're going to convert, and you're going to go around testifying.

And Shelley, you picked good felines to be, to be an amazing Oscar winning movie.

Yes.

And Shelley, that is the correct answer.

Whoa!

You are our winner.

Thank you.

Congratulations.

That is, of course, how we play.

Would you rather?

That's the dumb.

Wow, Shelley.

Pulled the win out.

How's it feel?

I feel wonderful.

I feel like that was the right decision.

He did.

What it's what the one the game was.

Who says who wins?

He's got tosses.

I tallied up the points.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

All right, guys.

Well, that was a, that was a fun game.

It was fun.

It seemed to get off on a tangent during part.

Yeah.

You know what?

You got to take control of these things, Scotty.

Scotty, it's a new year.

I'm letting people run.

Dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada.

All right, guys.

We just have one last thing to do on the show.

And that is a little something we call plugs.

Oh, yeah.

We got the tools.

Oh, yeah.

We got the plugs.

And we got the fun.

We got the tools.

Oh, yeah.

We got the plugs.

And we got the fun.

We got the tools.

Oh, yeah.

I love this sexy life. I can real life. I love this.

As comedy and other things. My most possibility.

My mostfficiency.

My most protective.

I love this sexy life.

My most protective.

Who is this?

It sounds good to me.

I love this sexy life.

My most protective.

All right. That was sexy plugs.

The sexy plugs theme by DJ Sexy Randall.

I really like that.

That was nice.

You know that R&B artist Miguel?

I've voiced him.

No, I can beat that here.

If you have a plug theme, thanks DJ Sexy Randall or Randall Randall.

If you have a plug theme, head on over to the earwolf.com message boards.

Find the comedy bang bang message boards.

There's a thread there devoted to them where you can leave them and you can have your plug theme played on the show and be famous for a week and DJ Sexy Randall, you are famous for a week.

Use this week wisely, my friend.

The doors to Hollywood are open to you.

Oh, okay guys.

What do we have to plug?

This Sunday, House of Lies, 10 p.m.

on Showtime. It's a really fun, fun show.

Got any points on this show?

No. Back end?

No, no, no, no. Sorry, buddy.

You gotta get a piece of that action.

Right after Shameless right before California Caching.

Go to our website, Reject To Jokes.com. Follow me on Twitter, Reject To Jokes and Instagram Rejected Jokes.

Hit it, Shelley.

And you wait before we move on.

You have any comedy women fans out there?

Sure. You would love to date any of them, right?

Please don't do that.

I mean, I am single right now, I'm single.

Oh, it's January?

Oh, God, I hope I'm not single right this second.

We'll see.

But that song makes me want to...

Make me want to...

Fuck!

Makes you want to come your sheets.

Oh, God, Shelley, what do you got to plug?

Or do you have any friends you want to plug for?

I'm going to the house of pies.

Me and you.

You're going to the house of pies?

I'm going to the house of pies.

Down on where is that located?

That's on Franklin and Vermont.

That's perfect. You didn't take us from one place to that place.

Thank you.

That's right. Thank you. First time.

Shmuck.

He takes the house of pies very seriously.

Why mess around with that?

This Sunday after house of lies.

You're going to meet Ben.

Ben, you want to go there? Yeah, I would.

So house of pies is on at 10 and so...

House of pies?

So I need at 10 pm.

I need at like 11.15 over at that.

We're just at half an hour.

So I'll be there at 10.45.

Okay. Okay. Great. Yeah.

Cool. We'll see you there on Sunday.

Yeah, I'm in my life.

You're showing me what's got there.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah, come. Thank you.

I'd love to be there. Sure.

I just want to plug house of pies.

I'll be there Sunday at 10.45.

My bros.

And...

Also want to thank Justin Helm.

Hey Justin, thanks so much for donating $100 to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much. Keep it in the lights on.

If you want to donate something, go head over to earwolf.

com and click the donate button.

I want to plug head over to earwolf.com to get a Comedy Bang Bang t-shirt.

We have a couple of different styles. I think you'd like them.

And yeah, we're going to have a good time this year.

I'm happy to have you guys on the show.

Hey, happy 2013, guys.

Thank you very much for having me.

Yeah, let's close up the old plug back before we do that.

We'll get out of here.

Yeah.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

Brown.

There's a close one. Some plugs almost got out.

Alright.

Oh guys, thanks so much Ben.

This is a fun one. Always have a good time.

Thanks for having me again buddy.

Shelley.

Give.

Yes, that's some good advice for 2013.

Alright, we'll see you next week.

Thanks. Bye.

♪ Ear wolfs ♪ This has been an Ear Wolf Media Production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit EarWolf.com.

♪♪ Ear Wolf radio, boom.

To come.

♪♪ The Wolf Dead.
