---
layout: page
title: 194. Nick Kroll, Chelsea Peretti [16254⧸21080].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

One of our great friends, Nick Kroll is on the program.

He's been a great friend to us over the years, and he has a brand new Comedy Central Show, Kroll Show, coming out this week.

He wants to tell you about Plus, Chelsea Peretti.

You know her from the Farts and Pro Creation episodes.

All of that and more on today's...

♪♪ From impossibly specific vibrations of your eardrums creating language as interpreted by your brain.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you so much to Delaware Destroyer for that catchphrase submission.

Thank you so much.

If you have a catchphrase submission, you'd like to hear read on this program, you know what to do.

And I have to say, by the way, I'm Scott Ocumin.

Welcome to the show. I'm your host.

The dancing during that theme song today, the most dancing I've ever seen.

One of our guests had an uppercut style, and we all know the uppercut is the world's most deadliest punch.

No way to block it, no way to defend it.

I don't know why more boxers don't use it exclusively.

There's no way to block an uppercut.

And our other guest was doing sort of a...

I don't know, you're shaking his hips a lot and just...

It's almost as if they had switched dance styles, according to their gender.

We've never seen the boxer uppercut, Anthony.

Uppercut, Anthony.

He only does. He is slusively...

He slusively does uppercuts.

Let me explain what's happening here today.

No.

First of all, it's a brand new year.

It's 2013, and we're doing it.

Obviously, we are doing it.

I think we have a lot of new listeners from the show from the Best ofs.

And last week we had Ben Schwartz and Horatio Sanns.

That was a great episode.

But today, I am so excited because my two best friends have come in today.

And I've been trying to get them on the show for a long time.

They're like, hey, we don't want our friendship to kind of get in the middle of work.

And they put that aside for me.

I'm so happy.

But to my left, we have from our own podcast, called Chelsea, which is a huge success.

And also you've seen her on Louie.

What else have people seen you on?

That's it.

Sir Silverman program.

That's pretty much it.

You know, I've done a little of this little of that, but I'm really just scrappy and just persistent and just keeping at it no matter what, just persistence, persistence.

But then you're my best friend.

So you know that.

I know that I already know all this, but thank you for cluing in the listener on this.

Chelsea Peretti is here.

Thank you.

You know, we're from the Farts and Procreation episodes here, some of your favorite episodes.

Farts and Pro 2 hit number two for the year.

As voted on by the listeners.

So how do you feel about that?

What was number one?

Number one was Time Bobby by with Paul F.

Tomkins and Bobby Moynihan.

Okay, fair, fair.

I was neck and neck for a long time until Paul F.

Tomkins tweeted that he wanted everyone to vote for Time Bobby.

So he could win.

That's really sickening.

I would have tweeted as well.

What are you going to do?

Accept defeat.

Clapping directly in front of me with the hip shaking dance style, you know him from is it the croll show or Nick croll show?

It's croll show.

You know him from croll show, which is going to be on Comedy Central this Wednesday.

But you already know him from that.

You already know him from it from the promos.

Yes.

Nick croll is here.

He's clapping for himself.

If not me, then who?

Certainly none of us.

Yes.

I would.

Yeah, that's really nice.

Thank you for your lady club.

Why is that a lady club?

Because it's softer.

It's softer.

It's very genteel.

Oh, now that sounds like something else.

I loved your promos.

Oh, sketch comedy.

Oh, boy.

You love your sketches?

Oh, my God.

I love your characters.

Is he not ever said that to you in bed?

I love your characters.

Yes.

I love your characters.

Yes.

I love your characters.

Oh, really?

I fucking character.

You know.

I love your characters.

You don't feel like a baby.

I'm all peeled up.

Chelsea's over at Southern Pilda of character.

I can't feel much of nothing.

Nick gets a lot of acclaim for his characters.

And in fact, you do them a lot on the upcoming show from what I understand.

Sure are.

But Chelsea, you, your character work.

I get a lot more acclaim.

And that's what I'm so happy about.

And Chelsea, what are your some of your characters?

Well, I do.

We all know from Farts in Procreation 1, the curious Latina .

Yes.

And I've always been good at just different nationalities.

Like English.

Oh, I might.

I owe you.

Then like German like, yaw, yaw.

Spanish, pues, glaadocca, sí mí amor.

So it's kind of like across the globe.

Cultural divide, yeah.

Yeah, of course.

Swedish like, ooh, we ain't fish.

Almost exclusively.

That's spot on.

Thank you.

Why do you think they eat so much fish?

They're disgusting pigs.

All right.

Sorry about that.

PFT Sweden.

Always mindful of the listener.

What's PFT Sweden?

A nice young man who Jason Walner knows who was staying with Jason recently, who interviewed me for his podcast.

He's a nice young man.

And it's called PFT Sweden.

No, I believe that's just his Twitter handle.

And it's based off of Paul of Tomkins?

I don't know.

I did not get into it.

It's based off of his visual.

Another man.

I will bury this person.

Scott has his shoes off for the listener who's curious about his stance and his physicality.

That's right.

I do it like an airplane when I do the podcast.

Shoes immediately come off.

I ignore people on the airplane.

I will sit next to someone for five hours and not say a word to them.

Of course.

Oh, why would you ever say anything to anyone?

Because I'm constantly want to be liked.

Excuse me.

Hi.

Do you like me?

Excuse me.

Whereabouts are you from?

Do you like me so far on this play?

Do you like character work?

I can regale you with several of mine over the next five hours.

Tap, tap, tap, tap.

I'll do one character before my nap.

But Nick, you must be.

It must be an exciting time for you because you'll have your show on Wednesday and then immediately into first class, you know, you'll never travel coach again.

I will not travel.

A lot of people don't know that when you get a TV show, the minute that you get it.

Yeah, no, you have to travel first class.

I actually, I find I've been on flying a little bit for touring stuff and was like, well, I want to fly be comfortable and fly first class.

And then I found that I sometimes prefer a premium coach.

Yeah, right.

Listeners, he's trying to appeal to you.

No, no, no, no, because I'm about to complain about first class.

Okay.

All right.

Scratch that.

This is a mixture that I am still completely unrelatable.

Because I want the side things on the headrest.

I want to lean my head.

That's a key for me.

Because on the first class seats, really?

Why?

How they, they just say it's stewardess.

I want the headrest where you can fold the things and I bring it out.

Oh, really?

No, stupid.

All right.

I'm back on first class.

You want, you want to lean on the person next to you?

Is that why you like coach better?

Excuse me, a new character.

Can I leave me hit?

Can I put my kippy on you?

Really?

That's the only reason that you don't like first class is because of the, because of the, the headrest thing?

Sort of.

What about all the perks?

What perks?

Oh, me and seriously like ice cream sundaes.

Here's the main perk of first class is that the stewardess is or whatever flight attendants actually smile at you and are vaguely nice to you.

Now Chelsea, you were on a flight recently.

Uh huh.

Almost constantly that's true.

And you, you had to be, I don't, I don't want to lead you into a thing.

You were not taken care of on a plane.

I mean, that's almost, I've heard of snakes on a plane, but not taking care of one of the boys.

That movie was a chilling exploration of constant experiences.

What are you talking about Nick?

What's, what are you trying to play?

You got sick on a plane.

Oh, oh yes.

Well, I wasn't coached for that, which is, yeah, which adds to the beauty of it.

So I, I had a allegedly, I had a naked juice, the green.

I like that cause you're like, man, I'm holding over that naked juice spot.

No, I just feel like I maybe have to say that.

But yeah, and it smelled kind of funky, but it smelled like garlic and I drank it anyway.

And I drank, it was like five in the morning and I was like , this will make me healthy.

You know, and so I, and I was like, it smells like garlic, but odorless garlic was an ingredient.

So I was like, oh, probably be fine or whatever.

I drank like half of it and I was like, no, I should have, and I thought about taking it back, but I didn't.

Then I got on like a two hour flight and like, as we were landing, I just started feeling wildly nauseated.

Like I haven't, like where you just want to wave your arms in the air.

I just like felt like overcome.

And it was during descent.

So my, I'm like, no one can help.

Right.

I follow rules.

Like I see people get up during like times where it says buckle your seat belt.

And they see it and they go to the bathroom.

I won't do it.

Right.

So I'm there like, fuck, like this is going to be impossible to deal with.

I look, there's no vomit back.

No vomit back.

Okay.

A lot of airlines don't have them anymore.

Yeah.

I know.

You always see those and you're like, what does that for?

Who gets sick on a plane?

Like that's like some 70s shit.

Yeah, exactly.

Some 70s shit.

And so I look back and the stewardess is buckled in in the back of the aisle, you know, in her little seat and I wave like my eyes are all glazed over.

I'm like, wave flail one heart.

She's like reading readers digest.

Yeah.

Totally not looking.

That's just the best medicine.

And everyone around me sees that I'm having problems, but they totally just avert their eyes.

They're all guys.

So you know how guys don't you guys know you don't want to help anything.

You don't want to help a woman.

Yeah.

And so they're.

We had enough of that at home where it's like, help me do this.

Help me do that.

It's like when we're in a plane, it's break time for us.

Right men?

Right guys.

So no one looks at me and then I just start to projectile on it.

So I do it into the seat pocket in front of me because there is nowhere to put it.

So I just pulled the seat open with my hands like a little pause, like a squirrel and then I like pulled it open and just puked in there and then I'm like, and no one around me, not one person, you have to understand there's men all around me.

Not one person goes, are you okay?

Do you need anything?

Oh, puts a hand on my shoulder.

They just all look at.

What if a man put a hand on your shoulder?

Yeah, that's a human being.

What if he looked over at what?

I would love that.

It would make it all worth it.

No, then I would think I was dying.

Why am I hallucinating?

Yeah.

I wonder if anyone's ever done that to a kangaroo.

Just like puked in its power.

Just like on right up to it.

It was really good.

Come on.

Those guys drink a lot.

Yeah.

But anyway, and so then we land and I'm like, I'm like passing everyone.

Do you tell anyone that you did it?

Do you?

Okay.

Well, first of all, I was like wiping my hands with a dirty snark out of my purse.

Like, like I've never felt like more.

What are your mouth?

What do you wipe your mouth with?

I felt like a street urchin.

I didn't have anything left on there.

It was all given to the seat pocket.

Did any men offer their dicks up to wipe your mouth?

No.

Excuse me.

Tap, tap, tap, tap.

Yeah.

Would you like to wipe your thumb and mouth with the tip of this?

Yeah.

And so I like, I'm scooting past everyone in the aisle.

Like, and I go to the stewardess.

I'm like, um, I was just sick in 13B or whatever it was.

I'll see it because that's my great preference.

And then I'm like, I was just sick and I spit in the sink.

And she goes, don't spit in the sink.

What?

And I was like, what?

Like, I'm all disoriented.

I'm like, what?

She's like, there's a toilet right there.

And I was like, oh, I'm sorry.

That's what she's choosing to do.

Yes.

And I'm like, I was a little disoriented.

I'm sorry.

I'm just very sick.

And I'm, you know, I tried to get your attention.

I don't know if you saw me waving my hand.

She goes, why didn't you press the call button?

And I was like, I don't know.

I guess I was a little out of it.

And then she goes, but thank you for your compassion and your empathy.

And she goes, if you only knew I'm the most compassionate person.

I was like, really?

When do you bust that out?

When do you want the clock?

Yeah.

When do you clock in?

So far, no good.

Oh my gosh.

But yeah, it was a nightmare.

And then it was just like, and then I felt instantly better .

That's why I think it's the food.

Yeah.

What I want to know is, so she's at home.

And if she needs to expectorate, I believe you can use that as a verb as well as the noun.

Is that flicking the bean?

No, she needs to spit.

She, and she's in a bathroom.

Oh, you're carrying this.

I'm so compassionate to this pussy.

But she needs to spit and she's in the bathroom.

She spits in the toilet and to do so in the sink is gross.

Yeah.

When she's brushing her teeth, what does she do?

Yeah, what difference does it fucking make?

That's a great point.

I just didn't have my voice found.

Is it all the same pipes?

It all just goes down.

They jettison it above Indiana.

What if you ended up going, like you somehow ended up on a planet like midnight?

Oh, I forgot my keys.

Somehow you got on a planet like midnight.

Oh, I forgot my keys.

You run in there and she's like sleeping.

In the sink.

And she's sleeping in the sink.

I would have like a little teacup poodle or whatever.

Yeah.

So embarrassed that you'd expect.

This is my home.

That's why I said what I said.

Oh, well that makes sense.

I'm sorry I insulted where you live.

I guess, yeah, if you went over to someone's house and threw up in there.

Sink, but it wasn't a huge pile of puke.

It was like a spit because I had pile.

Yeah.

So did it smell?

So gross.

Scott, that's the great thing.

It smelled great.

Oh, okay.

That garlicky and they can.

No, this is the other thing.

It was dripping out of the sea fock it.

The bottom seam.

Oh, my lord.

And it was like dripping.

And then I had to re-board the same plane.

See?

No.

Yeah, it's for the next leg of my flight.

Do they clean it?

No, they cleaned it like fine.

But when I put my purse down under there, I lifted it later .

I was like, oh shit, I should check.

And there was there was wetness on the bottom of the purse.

I'm stonkult thick now.

This is what gets you off.

Yeah.

I've never heard of me and say that.

I was just staring at you blankly.

I'm thick for you, girl.

What?

So, gettin' thick.

Did you have the same crew?

Did you have the same crew on the flight going wherever you were going to next?

I can't remember if it was the same crew.

Was the woman there, the spit in the toilet woman?

You got back on the plane and she was in curlers.

Standing in the sink.

No, I think I've blocked it out.

I can't remember if it was the same crew.

I think it was a different crew, actually.

That Vomit juice was still there.

Oh boy.

I was just like, oh, I'm in the same seat.

That is terrible.

So gross.

Did you ever say, can I switch seats?

Someone vomited?

No, she was gross.

Somebody!

It wasn't me.

I guarantee it.

Character number five.

Yes.

I'm clocking in at 20 characters.

No, but it was really disgusting.

Then I watched the movie flight.

On the flight plane?

No, but I watched it.

All these things have now made me much more scared to fly than I used to go.

Oh, yeah.

That movie boy.

Yeah.

I got a migraine on a flight.

So now it's just like I associate flights with being trapped and severely uncomfortable.

And yet this is the life you've chosen.

Oh, God, I know.

I don't like warm nuts sometimes.

First class.

You can pull them down.

I will say, I think I was talking to Aziz about how like it is surprising how sometimes first class like they're actually not even as nice to you as you would expect.

Yeah.

For how expensive it is, you think they're going to be like , can I suck your toes?

But they'll still be short with you and you're like, what?

At best they'll nibble on your fingers.

They'll kiss the poo on your pinky.

Nick, tell me about the Crawl Show.

What can people expect?

You've obviously been a great friend to this show for the past three years.

Almost four years now.

You've been on it constantly.

Jesus, is that?

Been a lot longer.

Yeah.

That long.

Congrats to you though, because it finally paid off.

All your appearances here.

Oh, that's how I got the show?

Yeah.

I don't know who knew that.

But people obviously have heard you over the years beyond the show.

What do they expect?

They love you.

What are they going to see?

What do they expect?

I can tell them what to expect.

Okay.

Wow.

It's when they're expecting?

Yeah, yeah.

Okay, great.

When they're expecting.

They can expect.

What to expect?

You know, a mediocre orgasm.

They can expect a bunch of the characters that I've done before.

So like Jupa Kaabra and Bobby B and Gil Faison from the Oh, Hello Boys and Wendy.

Which by the way, number 10 on the on the on the on the down down.

Made the list.

Yep.

Great plug.

Yeah.

Which by the way, number 15 on the top 10.

It's with John Mulaney and and then so there's a bunch of characters that I've done in the past and then a bunch of new characters.

This character Liz that actually is that you were on the Christmas special with Jenny Slate where we played two publicist named Liz in a reality show called publicity.

Which Chelsea Pretti Chelsea wrote on the show and helped develop that character and a bunch of others.

And especially that title.

Yeah.

You know, a lot of work on that.

Right.

I spent three days on it.

Yeah.

Liz Pabadi.

Now that doesn't sound.

All right.

Let me take a break for two days.

And so there's a bunch of so it's a bunch of the characters that have that have people have enjoyed rich dicks with with John Daly.

And then a bunch of new characters.

So I think what differentiates the show from other sketch shows is there's a sort of the strong character stuff, but then it's a lot of recurring stuff over the season.

So you'll see like callbacks to previous episodes, almost like story arcs throughout a season.

So it's like justified, but comedy.

Yeah.

Exactly like and Timothy Olafone is the star of Crawl Shell , which is weird.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Thank you.

What have you been a swap for one episode where he starred in Crawl Shell and you starred in Justin.

I would love that.

I'd love to have that run off.

He actually did the league this year.

Oh, yeah.

Did he have a lot of run off put there?

Yeah, he did.

He played a white sushi chef.

He was really funny.

So it's like a I'm really I'm really excited for people to see it.

I think people.

What do you think is better?

Monty Python or Crawl Shell?

I would honestly say Crawl Shell.

That's great promotion.

You should put that quote on the DVD box.

It's better than any thing.

I think we tried to do a lot of obviously having seen a lot of sketch shows over the years.

How many would you say you've seen?

I've seen five sketch shows.

Five sketch shows.

And then also like the guys on it like John Kreisel directs it who does Portlandian Tim and Eric and did digital shorts at SNL.

A true talent.

A real talent and John Levin scene runs the show who I met doing life and times at Tim on HBO and then also was very integral the rest of development.

A true talent.

So he brought in integral.

So then and there's like Chelsea wrote on it and Joe Mandy and Megan Amram Seth Morris.

Yeah, great group over there.

Brian Husky carried Dornetto.

And then it's like Jenny Slate.

There's just so many funny people involved in it.

How many episodes we got?

We had eight episodes.

Eight episodes.

Wednesday night at what time?

Wednesday at 10.30 after workaholics.

After work?

Oh, what a great hour.

Yeah, I'm excited.

I'm a can I be genuine?

May I be genuine?

Yeah, please.

I'm excited for my own show.

I'm not excited because I think it's going to be such a huge success that I'm never going to get to talk to you anymore.

So I'm kind of treasuring these last moments.

I'm furious.

Awesome.

Dude, do do do it.

No, because when you do get the opportunity to talk to me, it will be such a treasure for you guys.

It will be such a treasure.

How's it burn?

Chels?

Well, I just itched it.

I'm talking about the Jeff Ross show.

Chelsea got burned lately.

Yeah, I burn.

Burn, burn, burn.

And I burn is the word.

And I burn.

I got burned lately.

I know.

Not bad.

I mean it.

It's a cross between Chelsea and the burn.

Chelsea got burned lately.

I mean it.

No, I burn myself at Thanksgiving.

It's pretty much healed now.

It was a severe burn with blisters, but I just itched it.

And now they're very puffy raised ridges where I hit it.

I am now straight up great.

It's like a barbecue ruff ruffles.

Oh, I like it.

Puffy red raised ridges.

I usually put ointment all over it.

But I want to do that.

I want to be the man who does it for you.

But I forgot this morning.

By the way, we could have Chelsea got burned on soup lately .

Mean it.

And then all the shows are won.

Yeah.

All right, guys, what do you say we take a break when we come back a lot more?

Chas Chelsea, Pometary, Paretti, more Nick crawl will be right back after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Chelsea, Brady, Nick crawl actually had to take off.

But that's no problem.

We can still have fun.

The two of us, right?

Even more so.

What do you want to do for the next hour?

Characters.

Okay.

What do you got?

One word characters.

Give me the curious Latina and you know how much I love it.

Where are the thing?

Where is it?

Hello.

What is it?

You don't know what the thing is.

First you want to know where it is.

Excuse me.

What is the thing?

What is it?

Please.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

I understand.

Chelsea, you have your own podcast called Chelsea.

Do you want to talk about that at all?

My podcast is a call in podcast where I take calls from truly fascinating creatures.

AKA anyone.

And yeah, I take calls.

I've had some interesting weird people call like this weird German guy who is like definitely psychotic.

And you know, people will tell me their stories.

I've had like three different people wind up realizing they were abused.

Oh God.

But like in a funny way where we're cracking up like where this guy is like, yeah, my dad punched me in the stomach.

I never even I forgot about that.

And then I play like really silly sound effects.

So someone will tell us tale of abuse and then I'll hit a jackpot sound effect.

And so you take calls on Mondays typically.

Yeah, Mondays from four to six L.A. time.

That's P.S.T.

And then the show comes out on.

It comes out Monday night.

Monday night.

Oh, so you do it.

Oh, okay.

It's a week.

It's very confusing because people think they call Monday and it airs that night.

But actually it's the one from the prior.

Oh, okay.

So right, right.

Yeah, because I edit the calls.

There's definitely like some calls that just aren't interesting.

So I cut them out and yeah.

Great.

And it's doing really well.

It's very popular.

Thank you.

Yeah, it's been it's been fun.

I love I mean, you know, you know, you know the medium.

You know the medium.

Sure.

No, I had a call in one of these shows was a call in show.

Oh, really?

I have one call in Hank's drop by.

So I know.

And how was that?

Did you get any really?

Oh, who's at the door?

Come in.

Oh, my God.

Hey, what's up?

Who's it?

What's up, Chelsea?

Is this your friend?

How are you even here?

How do you know where I am all the time?

I didn't know you were here, Chelsea.

Yeah, right.

Who is it?

Oh, what's up, Scott?

How do you know who Scott is?

I'm a straight up fan.

Oh, you're right.

This is a friend of your head.

It's nice to meet you.

What are you doing?

Scott, what's up?

I'm Chance.

That's not my friend.

That is an ex boyfriend from many years ago when I was a different person.

What's up, Chelsea?

We started as friends.

No, we didn't actually.

We did.

We were like, we barely knew each other.

Come on, we had so many funny texts.

So an ex boyfriend that you...

Yes.

Yes, I pursued you.

Why do you not have a shirt on in just a coat?

That is not a style that anyone wears.

What are you talking about?

I need to let the new tab breathe.

I have an egg-ground and pothat.

My favorite poet.

This is good to tan just the middle of your torso as well.

Yeah, you know, it's like I come in.

I haven't even introduced myself.

Yeah, you can't.

I'm a fan.

First off, I have to say I'm a fan.

So nice to meet a fan.

My name is Chance.

You don't have security?

No, we have an open door policy.

I'm so sorry.

We thought about changing it, but it's too hard.

I'm messing with you.

There's a little switch you have to flip to go from open to closed door policy and we just have never flipped it.

I'm messing with a righteous dude downstairs named Leroy who let me up.

Oh, he's a security guy.

I said, you know, come to my spoken word show, New York recomposed style poetry.

You do spoken word?

Yeah.

I mean, I guess one of the things I do.

He is always promoting something like he'll never just come talk to you.

He always needs something from you or is trying to sell you something.

That's his two gears.

Chelsea, you know, that I mean, it's like, it's like the same thing out of you.

It's exciting to speak to you in that way, but it's also like, I don't need.

Chelsea will always sort of point at you and say, what's wrong?

Yeah.

I would love for her to see the light because that's what I like to see.

We've all been there guys.

You know, that's why we go on so many plane trips.

Yeah.

I'll just get away from it.

Yeah.

I actually like to, I'll take buses and trains just to stay a little more connected.

He's scared of flying.

I'm not scared of flying Chelsea, but I just feel closer to the people when I'm.

And you can't afford it.

It's a one two punch.

You're scared to fly and you're too bright.

I'm investing in my poetry.

How long how long ago did you guys date?

Like four or five years.

What's before I moved to LA?

I was just a different person.

It was a rebound.

It was a time where I had to broken up from a significant relationship and I was kind of rebounding and it was like, I had never seen someone with a six pack before.

Honestly, like, and so I just was open to it in this weird window of time, but it's not someone you're not close to it either yet.

What?

I see how you look at me.

We're not closed off.

This is not done.

I'm looking at you honestly with disdain.

Do you know that word?

You sort of started blushing though.

Yes, I know disdain.

What does it mean?

It means disliking is when you don't like something.

When you don't like something.

When you don't dain it.

Yeah, like I have a disdain for racism.

I have a disdain for inequality between men and women.

What is your ethnicity?

Can you talk about that or?

Sure.

I mean, it's like, you know, I grew up white.

Irish Catholic.

Irish Catholic grew up white Irish Catholic, but you know, again, I don't see like what I something people ask me my favorite color.

I say is diversity.

I don't see color only dick size.

How was how was that part of it?

We got along from the start.

How was that part of it, Chelsea?

I mean, how's your love making?

That's like the way he ropes people in.

It's like, I will give him that.

Ten cut.

He makes love to them and then he has like he's like, he's kind of an alpha male and that's cute for like two seconds and then it just gets really old.

What about what I whisper to you, huh?

I don't like that.

You don't like it when I whisper in your ear?

No, I'm sure you do.

It sounds cookie cutter.

I'm sure you whisper the exact same things into all the horrible people that you bought.

Please, it's not sexual mad libs, Chelsea.

Yes, it is.

What do you whisper?

I'd love to hear just a whisper into the microphone of see if it works on.

I mean, it's a...

Our listeners out there.

It's an impersonal, I feel like this is an impersonal format for me.

It's much easier for me to do it in my poetry.

Oh, okay.

You'd rather do a poem?

I would rather do one of my poems, which again...

If you're not comfortable whispering, I understand.

No, I'll do it.

I mean, it's like I do it on the regular.

Chelsea knows that.

Yeah, okay.

Sometimes you can't get him to have an actual conversation.

He's just doing poetry at you.

Kiss your neck, kiss your neck, kiss your neck.

Move up to the ear with someone on your ear because what I want to get inside to is your mind.

Imagine someone whispering this close to you when you're like...

What's happening while you're...

It makes my skin crawl.

Right now I'm getting chills in my back, but not good ch ills.

That's right chills.

Like bad chills.

That's no...

Fighter flight.

I heard of the big chill, but a bad chill.

Yeah.

Oh my gosh.

It's like fighter flight instincts where I want to like flee the room.

Yeah.

Well, while you...

But and yet you're here.

You're drawn to me like a moth to a fire.

Isn't that a Madonna song?

What?

Anyway, so you're a poet?

Yeah.

I mean, it's like I have a new calling.

I actually came in here to talk business because like I have a new calling podcast.

Oh, you did.

I had one one day.

Yeah.

Oh, cool.

Yeah.

When Colin Hanks came in.

Oh, that was funny.

I like your use of puns, guys.

Oh, I just got that, guys.

I know you didn't.

I wanted to say one more time so it would click with me.

Colin Hanks.

No, this is another example of what choice is like.

It's like he just mimics whatever he sees.

So your pet name for him was choice?

Chance.

That is, it's chance, but I actually prefer...

I always like the Joseph Kombi choice.

Wasn't there like a two-week window where you were going to change it to choice?

I don't know.

I can't keep up.

He honestly has changed it like 10 times.

Yeah, no, I understand.

So, but you mean that he sort of capitalizes on what like people he knows do.

He sees what people are doing.

Like he probably stocks me, first of all.

Right.

Oh, yeah.

He just walks right in here.

You're doing a show.

He's doing an appropriate like that's borderline like call the cops behavior.

You like my passion, Chelsea.

It's not passion at a certain point.

It really is like a psychological syndrome.

Yeah.

Not in a good way.

Do you get that?

It's not a compliment.

I'm crazy for you.

That's what I know.

Boy, three Madonna.

So you said borderline crazy for you.

Boy, so many Madonna references.

Who is Madonna?

Okay, we'll talk about it a little bit.

So I'd love to hear an example of this kind of podcast that you do.

Is that possible?

I'll pretend I'm a caller.

Hey, I'm a stupid idiot whore.

Calling in.

I want to hear your bad poetry.

Thank you for calling in beauty.

I can't tell from your phone call of your voice that your self awareness that you're a beautiful person both inside and out.

Chelsea's kind of melting right now.

You seem a little seated.

That's a terrible interferes.

That's typical.

Chelsea, what happens is what happens in the scenario is that Chelsea has a lot of anger towards me because our relationship ended.

Yeah.

Well, have you been cheated on Scott?

Wow.

Yeah, multiple times.

You have?

From Coolop.

Yeah, it's crazy.

I guess it's not the place to talk about it.

No, I didn't know if you knew.

I mean, I see it all over town with different guys, but I didn't know if you knew.

Wait, you're with Coolop?

Yeah.

Wait a minute.

Choice chance.

You know Coolop?

Choice chance, please.

Yeah, no Coolop.

Don't tell me.

Oh my God.

I'm a big fan of who charted.

Oh, Choice chance.

Come on.

Come on, please.

You're saying the Choice chance cheated on you?

Yeah, all the time, but then it would constantly talk to me .

I just...

He's a psychotic person because he's the combination of saying the most romantic thing he can think of plus cheating on you constantly.

Look, I...

It's like just don't be with someone.

Well, but Chelsea, it's like, as I said to you, I loved you too much to date you.

Right.

That's like the most insane thing to say to a person.

I couldn't...

If I had held on to you, it would have been too much.

I would have choked you.

Right.

You had to set me free.

Exactly.

Mm-hmm.

Great.

How many times would you say he cheated on you?

Countless.

And you just put up with it for a while?

No, I kept breaking up with him, but then he would just come to my house and act like we hadn't broken up.

Oh, okay.

Like, imagine you say this is it.

It's over, peace, all this stuff.

Give someone their stuff back.

And you never said don't...

Their hair pummied.

Right, but you never stop saying...

Stop sending me those dick pics.

I don't send you dick pics.

No, I know I sent them to you and you don't ever say stop.

Oh, I got a few of those.

Yeah, why would you be sending him...

Who's dick pics would you be sending him?

Just his back to him.

Also, you said it like I don't send you dick pics.

Like who are you sending dick pics to?

Various young homosexuals.

No, I didn't request dick pics.

He's compulsively sends them to half of Los Angeles.

Yeah, no, that's not true.

And his stomach.

Like clearly he loves his stomach because his hand's pictures.

Yeah, but you love his stomach a little bit.

A little bit for two seconds when I first met him and now I 'm over it.

Are you over at Chelsea?

Yes.

Come on now.

Beauty, like not beauty.

I shouldn't even accept that word.

Beauty, oh, is that my beauty?

No, I'm just saying that the external...

Wow, thank you, Chelsea.

I can say thank you.

You quickly became like a monster in troll to me because of your personality.

When I looked at you, I saw like a truffle pig.

You know, just like someone just rooting around through the forest that is the world searching for things to like feast upon.

So that sounds exactly like one of my poems I just wrote.

Okay.

So, what are your poems?

Can we do that or what do you want to do?

You want to do a poem?

As I sniff through the dirt looking for things to love, I come upon you and I say goodbye.

This is it.

A eulogy to me and you forever, unless you come knocking on that door and then I will send you dick pics.

That's a poem.

Wow, great poem.

If you didn't like it, it wasn't.

Wow, so...

That's like my life is like a co-commercial.

You know what I mean?

Not really.

Beautiful people everywhere, but I don't believe in coke.

See, it's like I would love to do a show like this, but I don't want to sell out.

You know what I mean?

It's like you guys are about commercialism.

Like for me, I want to get that podcast.

No one invited you here.

I want to give my podcast out for free.

Yeah, well, we do that, don't we?

Yeah, I don't know.

How, in what way have we sold out?

By the way, we need to take a break here in a second.

Oh, thank you.

For a sponsor, it will be a sponsor free thing for me.

Like, it's just for me.

It's like, I'm not about that.

You know what I mean?

What are you about?

I mean, the words out to the people and selling them positive energy.

Alright, send some positive energy out there.

I'd love to hear an example of that because your first poem , not good.

Yeah.

Well, as I said, it's an improvised poem.

It's not going to be perfect every time.

Or even good, really.

It's like I haven't gotten on a garage band and locked it down.

Yeah.

Is every poem you do improvised?

Nope.

No, give us one.

Give us one that's written then.

Alright, here's a written poem.

Okay, here we go.

The negative energy I'm feeling right now is something that makes me want to have a cow Bart Simpson.

Really?

That was pre-written.

Was that attributed to Bart Simpson or is it a cow, comma Bart Simpson period?

Also, this is weird.

Most guys lie and say they're freestyling, but they're actually doing written material.

You are a bonsieur.

Chelsea, as you know, better than most, I'm not most guys.

You are.

You're actually the twin.

You are most guys.

You're an essential guy.

Ten inches.

You're like an interesting guy.

If everything interesting about him was sanded off.

And it's just like, yeah, there's that razor sharp width that I don't appreciate Chelsea.

I love it.

That's part of the problem.

Wait, you love it?

Yeah.

See how quick he's manic.

Bonnie and Clyde, Bonnie and Clyde.

That's me and you Chelsea, Bonnie and Clyde.

I thought you said we were like Cornell West and whoever he 's doing.

Cornell West.

They're like the Thelma and Louise are black and electuals.

They're thick as thieves.

That's me.

That's thick as thieves.

I'll steal it all.

Great.

Cool person.

Chelsea, do you want me to get rid of him?

Yes.

All right.

No, I got to get out of here, but I don't.

Really?

You have to get out of here.

All right.

I just was about to ask Corey, you did a door.

Security is at the door.

Yeah.

No, I'm going to do poetry at a homeless shelter right now to provide a faith in health.

No, I don't live there.

Chelsea.

Yeah, right.

I live in Glendale.

Well, Chase Choice.

I'm going to get out of here.

Okay.

Chase Bank.

No mention Chase Bank.

Don't mention Wall Street in front of me.

Oh, man.

I'll get heated.

Wall Street.

All right.

I'm out.

Really?

That's how we get.

Oh my God.

That's like a safety word.

We can just say that any time we want to get rid of him.

I don't want to punch anybody.

I'll just I'm going to go outside and write a poem and cool down.

Okay.

Wall Street.

See you later.

Wall Street.

Get out.

All right.

Let's take a break when we come back.

We'll have more Chelsea Beretti right after this comedy bag bag.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here with Chelsea Peretti and having fun and Chelsea decided to check her phone.

And what's up there?

I thought we were on break.

We were on break and all of a sudden it ended and we're back.

Let's see.

Do you think we'll have another Farts and Pro creation show before the end of the year?

We typically have done them in the summer when it's incredibly hot.

When it's boiling hot that really adds to the whole vibe of the thing.

It's like 95 degrees.

Man, that would be great to have another one of those.

Can we get all those people back in the same room though?

I don't know.

Do you know I read that article in which you described it and I didn't know that that was the bit was that Harris tries to say things that are actively unfunny.

Well, yeah, he had done that bit once before on the show and I think he was more successful at it.

It's really hard to do.

It's super hard to do.

Because at one point he said something interesting and I was like, whoa.

I'm sorry.

I take it back.

Yeah, it's really difficult to do.

You've been reading about?

Oh my God.

What?

Wow.

One of my favorites is here.

We need to lock this door.

No, thank you.

Not one of the guests of this caliber.

Oh my God.

Someone of my caliber has come into the room.

It's a chupacabra.

It's me, a chupacabra.

Cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo, cuckoo.

Gosh, I feel like I haven't seen you since when.

St Vincent, Annie Clark was on the show.

Oh, yes, St Vincent.

Yeah, St Vincent.

St Vincent.

I wish I had thought a lot of names when I was here last time with her.

She seemed confused by you.

She was confused by me as I am by her album with David Barron.

I enjoyed it.

I did too.

But I was confused by it.

I'm not guilty.

Hi.

You guys know each other?

Yes, come on.

Oh.

Yeah, I used to be one of those models on Spanish TV.

She was the most beautiful person on all of Unibisiam.

Right.

Wow.

So that was a...

And then everything fell apart.

Mm.

I miss you, Chancie.

Oh, it's a baby.

Capacababy.

I miss you.

Hi.

How are you doing?

I'm so good.

It's so good to see you.

You're cute.

Yes, I'm a baby.

I love babies.

Look at my hands.

All their little.

Oh, they're so tiny.

I can't creep anything.

Oh, no.

I'm so cute.

I love babies.

Look at my hands.

Oh, they're so tiny.

Oh, no, baby.

What are you?

You can or you can't.

I can.

You can?

I can.

You can or can't.

I can.

You can?

I can.

You have dimples instead of knuckles.

I love that.

Mm.

Do you wish, do you wish Chelsea was your mommy?

Oh.

Hey, we can't see what my girlfriend, my mommy.

Oh, no, that's weird.

That's weird.

This baby has another post complex.

Do you ever think about being a mom, Chelsea?

I only vaguely.

I don't have that, that like some of my friends have this desire to have kids.

They're like, if I don't meet someone, I'm just going to do it.

You know, I don't have that.

I haven't decided to be a father.

Yeah, but you're.

You don't have, I would assume you have many.

I have seven kids.

You don't see them very often though.

So you just want to be a father?

I have the desire for father.

What are I never had kids?

Is that old man waters?

Hey, it's Josiah Macquarie.

I was never married.

Oh.

That's so sad Macquarie's.

Why is that?

It's there because I was a homosexual.

In a community that didn't understand that.

Oh.

Wow.

What a realization to make old Macquarie's.

But maybe you had some nice companionship old menwares.

Oh, thank you.

I met a very nice mom, but we were never together.

Oh, you met him?

Was he a roommate?

Yes.

He was my roommate with sleeping two separate besties divided by a shit.

Oh.

Oh, boy.

It was a love never to be.

Probably better that way.

Why?

Yeah.

Why?

Because it is a scene I guess.

Oh, man.

You seem like such a fun guy.

Is that really your take?

The more we learn about you, Chubicabra, you're an absentee .

Chubicabra, you're an absentee father.

Oh.

Homophobe.

No, I'm not the homophobe.

God just hates homosexuals.

But his eyes are so joyous.

Yes.

Pukoriko.

You can say anything if you follow it with Kukoriko.

Yeah.

What is this?

What have you been up to?

I haven't seen you in so long.

Let's see.

Very many things.

I have a number of new sponsorships that I'm working on.

What do you have?

My choice is sponsored by the website Yelp.

Oh, the website Yelp.

Yeah, me too.

I thought that too.

Website Yelp.

Just exclusively of Santa Monica.

Yes.

No, no, no.

By the website Yelp.

Oh, okay.

Well, you do commercials for various sponsors.

Let's hear the commercial for Yelp.

Do you like to look at pictures of food taken by Asian girls?

Then visit the website Yelp.

Sounds like it could be for Instagram as well.

Hey.

What's Instagram?

Oh, you've never been to the website.

It's sort of a website.

Yeah.

I guess.

Why is there no website for Instagram?

I don't know.

That's a good question.

I don't like that.

It's a purely mobile device.

Mm.

I don't like that.

Maybe it's hard for you to get on to Instagram with not being able to grip your phone.

I can get on the internet and I can put on my phone.

What's your favorite website?

My favorite website.

Yahoo.

Just Yahoo.com.

Well, there's so much there.

You can get the news.

You can get the weather.

You can get directions.

Yeah.

I can understand that.

Yeah.

Hey.

You play the whole idea.

Who's that?

Is this another baby?

It's my baby.

You play the whole idea.

Obviously Tara is Instagram.

This is my friend.

She's only a pick as berm.

She said she can help me.

She said my favorite website.

That's my grandma.

I'm a kommosayama.

Me llama.

Goopi.

Because she's always making funny farts.

Goopi.

Well, it's Kommosayama, baby.

We've never talked about your name.

My mommy.

You're just always known as baby.

My mommy is baby.

Oh, okay.

Baby and toothy.

You see.

You play me pecania.

She's a little primmy baby.

Oh, it's so cute.

Those are my favorites.

She's never going to grow bigger.

Oh, why is that?

Because she's a primmy.

Oh, because you're a primmy.

She's got a nice laugh.

Yeah, where'd you guys meet?

In El Womb.

See, we met in the womb.

In the womb?

Are you guys sister, brother, and sister?

El mama.

The El mama.

The El mama boy.

She's a girl.

Oh, are you twins?

You must be twins.

Otherwise, how would you be in the womb?

Yes, there are paternal twins.

Oh.

No, so I'm also a dentist.

So, baby, are you a primmy as well?

Or would you, they just took her up first?

I don't mean back to my slather.

That must be hard on the mother.

Yeah.

Elis regular.

Yeah, I'm regular.

If she wants, sometimes she only speaks Spanish, but if it 's easier, she can't be too lazy.

He's their dad.

His lover, dad.

Is that true?

So she's your older sister by two months.

You have different birthdays, even though you're twins.

He's very weird because she is older, but she is much smaller.

She is a primmy.

Yeah.

And sometimes she becomes very sad and mean.

And when she does that, I say, you don't stop being a prim my donna.

Oh, boy.

She's very good nature most of the time.

Yeah.

But as you can see, she is yellow.

Yeah.

Because she is a jaundice, baby.

Yum, these.

What do you like to do, their Tito or Tootie?

Tootie.

Me gusta comer comida.

She likes to eat food.

Oh, wow.

Tootie.

Guusta pracicami, English.

She likes to practice her English.

It seems like you might want to start.

Pero tengo meido.

She's gone for you.

Oh, okay.

You don't want to listen.

I can't feel too.

Oh, I know what is.

A life wasted.

Yes.

He was just five feet from you in the next bed.

Oh, not too, but I'm a skillivist by this.

Okay.

Try out some of your English right now.

We'd love to hear some of it.

Yay.

I like juice.

Oh, juice or juice?

I don't know.

I like juice like the thing that comes from fruit, but I do not like juice.

Oh, kachupa kabra.

The people with horns?

No, juice.

I'm spellbound by this whole collection of weirdos in here.

Yes, I'm here too.

We got water as we got Chupa.

We got baby and tootie.

And the goats.

Oh, the goats.

That's right.

I forgot about the goats.

Why do you drive the goat everywhere you go?

Because he has a license.

He's the one who can drive.

He's the one driving the car.

It's quite a menagerie of people that you're around and people and animals.

Yes.

This is a glass menagerie.

I like to see.

What kind of car do you guys travel in?

We're driving in a Prius.

That's responsible.

It's a responsible car.

Me cupa pryus.

She likes the Prius.

Me gusta.

Why do you like the Prius?

Porque es muy.

Importante.

It's important.

I know that word.

Enfiramento.

Enfirmento.

Oh, yeah.

A great Spanish word.

Enfiramento.

Enfirmento.

Oh, yeah.

A great Spanish word.

Enfiramento.

Sanfiramento.

Why don't you power the car with your tooties?

Oh, that's so fun.

Do you guys think you'll be best friends forever?

Siparas quempre.

I hope so.

That's so nice.

Except when I keep going all day.

And she stays the same size.

Yeah.

But I could be your baby friend.

Yay!

Where are your parents in all of this?

Nothing.

Ehhhhh.

So the subject.

It's really cheap, but you had to adopt them both?

Mmm.

Oh, wow.

Yes.

The parents live somewhere in Ohio.

Oh, okay.

Ohio.

That's sad.

What's out, Ohio?

It's a great state.

I guess so.

Yeah, both, I guess.

I think I was recently in Cleveland.

Oh, really?

Yes.

I was recently in Cleveland.

Alright.

Anything happen there?

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

Okay, well, don't please don't tell us though.

Yeah, keep it under your hat.

I killed a homeless person.

No!

Okay, alright, alright.

Well, tell you what, why don't we take another break?

It was the man that was to marry.

Ohh.

Everything is full circle.

Do you want to take us to break, Chupa?

I will have to take you to break to the next commercial response by the website AOL.com.

AOL Boom.com.

Do you want to, you are you in your 50s and you want to be $12 a month for an email address?

Let me see the AOL.com Boom.

Alright, we'll be right back with comedy.

Bye.

Have yours.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here.

We have Chelsea Peretti here and Nick Croll's been on for a long time.

He's a jerk.

He basically left us here like, you might as well have not had a game.

I'm right here guys.

I just came back to the room.

Hey, you're not a jerk.

I'm not.

Kooka Riku.

What's that?

Uh, you're a jerk Kooka Riku?

Oh, okay.

I was outside.

Oh.

But thanks for having me.

How's it been going?

How's the trouble going?

Umm, garbage.

Really?

It's been really weird.

It's been a lot of fun.

A whole bunch of people have just been barging into the studio.

Really?

Yeah.

It's been really easy.

Yes!

You need to get better security.

I was saying that.

I don't know.

I guess for 2013 we could do that, but I don't know.

It's such a big expense.

Who a bird out the window by?

Oh.

Wow.

Do it for 2014.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, plus the other problem is we tape all these a year in advance as listeners know.

Oh my god.

So, yeah.

I mean, we're just cracked 2012 at this point.

That is not topical.

Yeah, I know.

What a rhythmic knock.

Hello.

Oh my goodness.

It's our old friend Fabrice Fabrice.

Oh, hello.

It's me Fabrice Fabrice.

The beast from the east.

The name is so nice.

You have to say it.

Twaa.

Again.

Oh my god.

Thank you for ruining my rhythm.

I got out.

I'd seem like you had a stroke there for a second.

Your eyes rolled up into the bag of your head and see what you're getting.

I am on Tina right now.

I am thick on some meth.

Oh, hello, Chelsea Peretti.

Hi.

You're so sparkly.

You my favorite.

You my favorite, apparently.

I am.

Yes.

Oh my god.

You are my favorite person because you a sassy bitch and I like you.

For people who don't know who Fabrice Fabrice is, you're, you worked in the craft service industry or you still knew?

Yes.

I do continually work in the craft services industry.

Mmm.

What was it?

And you worked for that so Raven from one of the years.

I'm so Raven and I'm currently working on a number of new Disney programs.

Big time rush.

Oh, wow.

Mmm hmm.

And those boys are sweet.

They are very nice.

They allow you to go talk about like I usually I feel like stuff in Hollywood.

They're very hush hush.

Like don't like people are business.

Like don't talk about the boys.

Big time rush.

You don't.

I say to everyone.

I said Bob I got ahead of Disney ABC.

I said you don't tell me what's what and they throw me out the office.

Oh, okay.

But that's fine.

I don't mind.

Right.

I'm a survivor.

Yes.

You seem like one.

I've always admired you from afar.

I'm very excited to meet you.

It's a pleasure for me to listen to your podcast which I enjoy very much.

Thank you.

I love it.

I love how you sass everybody.

I like your energy.

I like how you don't take shit as Scott Orkerman.

I like you.

I like how the empire that you have built.

I like that you don't take shit.

I mean I don't take shit.

You have I've seen you take some shit.

I've seen you take a load or two and I like it.

I like it because in the end you have a plan.

You're into absurdism.

Yes.

Right.

Yes.

I like that you're absurd.

I don't I tend not to sass people like you do.

Yeah.

I try to keep it in check.

Yes.

That's true.

I try.

I say let it go unsheat that sword and just slice people.

Not historically.

But don't you want to be nice like don't you ever worry about being.

I do.

You can always tell me to be nice because I will say stuff like this.

I was speaking a manner that is becoming for a man of my stature.

I was saying I love Scott Orkerman.

I like how you are dressed this day.

Thank you very much.

I'm going to say hello Chelsea Pirelli.

You're hairless.

Beautiful.

Your body is very becoming your hairless.

I thought you said you're hairless.

Beautiful.

I would never say that.

What if you were hairless?

But if you crossed me I will say to you I will put an air on over your body till you are a hairless dog that I will then breed out in the street .

What?

You're saying you're putting an air all over her body.

So she'd be hairless than you're breathing.

Being a sample of a mean thing that I would say.

You're like the ladies on Housewives of Atlanta.

I don't know if you've been watching it.

I know that show very well.

Yeah.

I know those women personally I did craft services for that show.

What?

Which season?

The Real Housewives of Atlanta season four.

Was Nini on that one?

Nini was on that show on her way out.

Okay.

I forced her out.

I said there is not enough room for these two personalities .

You and Nini.

We took your side.

I wasn't on a Nini leaks because I ended up with say Nini leaks.

This is what you getting on this said leaks.

I would surf her leaks.

Wilted sort of soggy leaks.

Okay.

And I would throw them at her face.

So she there's your hair.

Nini leaks.

So her hair looks like wilted leaks.

So she just quit.

In other words because you were being unpleasant to her.

No, she got a show on NBC.

But I said this show is not picking up for the two of us and they chose me.

They chose me.

She just left.

She left the show.

Wow.

It's great to see you.

I also do craft service on basketball.

Why is Chelsea?

You like the show basketball.

I love it.

What's your favorite aspect of it?

I like that one girl that like looks like an alien and has this crazy body and started a fashion line and she wears glasses to look smart when she 's talking about her fashion line.

And she hosts parties and she's got like a stripper body and she taught one of the other ones, Gloria, how to twerk a little bit.

And it was crazy.

And Gloria is like kind of uptight.

I don't understand why people like find her sexy because she doesn't have a sexy body.

She doesn't have a sexy energy to me.

No, it's like you can always tell when someone's down.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Because like my boy Angel, he DJ's the CVS.

That's CVS, the drug store.

Okay.

We go in there.

Sometimes I'll go to the DJ booth and hang out with him and we watch the cameras and I say that girl wants to fuck.

That boy wants to fuck.

That girl doesn't want to fuck.

Are you sure it's a DJ booth?

It's not just the photo.

It's a store room.

It's a back store room.

Are you straight?

I have no preferences.

Oh, okay.

My preference is.

Holes, holes, holes.

Ew.

You always love Shyla Booth.

Oh, that's funny.

I was the craft services coordinator on the movie Holes.

Oh, is that where you got your preferences from?

Yeah.

I mean, this was this was shy when he was young and und iscovered.

Sure.

I have done craft services on every one of his movies.

Sisson.

Wow.

All the Transformers movies.

Those robots do not like onion dip.

And Indiana Jones.

What's his favorite?

Indiana Jones.

I would always put some snakes on there.

Oh, you.

You found some scat of snakes.

And I say you shut up Harrison Ford.

Put an earring in your ear and smoke weed.

And then he did.

And he did.

He did.

He took that order.

Did you ever flirt with Harrison Ford?

I did.

Wow.

You want a hand solo?

Did you do it?

He did.

He gave me a hand job.

He chubbed out my.

Harrison Ford.

I called him Hank.

I called him Hank Chevy.

And I said, go wank this Chevy.

My dick looks like a big old Al Camino.

I'm just sorry.

Why don't you worry about the repercussions of seeing any of this stuff?

Because I'm bigger than Hollywood.

I'm important.

Oh, that's exciting.

I envy that attitude.

I'm trying to get there.

Girl, you have it in you.

You have that possibility in you.

I am bigger than Hollywood.

And then Hollywood says, okay, you're bigger than me.

Okay.

Seems like you've worked on a lot of jobs.

Do you not stay on a job very long?

I usually ask, I will be on a job for a minimum of time.

And then I will say, and now good, but bidding a due to you job.

And then they escort me off of the set.

How many times you've been fired?

I like to think of it.

Not as being fired, but as being ax to leave repeatedly with force.

And I will come back and I will come back to production.

Oh, really?

What's amazing is that all these production coordinators fire me and then bring me back in.

Bring you back for what?

For the next job.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Is there a certain snack they get addicted to or why is it?

Oh, it's an I do an almond butter with sliced apples.

That's not that complicated.

That's the way I do it.

Well, how do you do it?

Do you make your own almond butter?

Yes, sort of.

What does that mean?

I scared that.

Yeah, that doesn't sound that size.

I don't call blow loads in a bucket of almonds and they stomp them with a hammer.

That's illegal.

You can't stomp a hammer.

Okay.

All right.

Fine.

Believe what you believe is what I say.

You believe what you believe.

Well, I'll never eat your almond butter that much is for shoe.

Oh, Chelsea.

I don't know about that.

What if you had some right now?

Would you absolutely not.

Yeah.

Well, tell you what, why don't we, I think it's time for a game.

Why don't we play a little something called would you rather?

Whoo!

Hey, excited about this for Bruce.

I like her.

This is that.

It's a regal.

Boom.

I have the basin.

I love this remix.

Watch me move.

Yeah.

All right.

It's time to play would you rather we all know this is played.

People send us would you rather scenarios at our Twitter, which is that CBB, W.I.R. send them there, not to me.

And we read them out loud.

I will then open the floor for questions.

You'll be able to ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios.

I'll then close the floor for questions when you're done.

We'll vote.

We'll do points.

Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

All right.

So this comes to us from Josh with pants.

All right.

Josh with pants asks, would you rather have bubble solution instead of saliva or constantly grow chicken feathers from your skin that you have to pluck ?

Okay.

I don't understand any of this.

Okay.

Well, I haven't opened the floor for questions, but that's not a question.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

Oh, I apologize for asking for that.

Snap on him.

I will stone cold punch you in the face till it looks like an old potato.

Oh my goodness.

Like all scarred and crusty.

Yes.

That's funny.

All right.

I'll open the floor for questions.

Go ahead.

Oh, now we are open for questions.

I'm shutting the door.

What?

You can't shut the door.

That's unprecedented.

I did my own sound effect.

Go ahead, Chelsea.

We can't.

The door's shut.

We open the floor.

You can hear me through the door.

Open it back up, please.

He's giving you the silent.

He's shutting it again.

He double shut it.

I opened it.

And then slammed it shutting it.

He's got to keep that door open.

Otherwise, we can't play the game.

All right.

He just opened it.

All right.

Go ahead, Chelsea.

Well, I already feel like I know my answer.

Oh, no.

That's classic.

Would you rather blunder?

Oh, the feathers, it says they grow between your fingers?

No, they from your skin, just all over your body.

Your entire body is covered in feathers.

Yeah, but it's not covered with feathers.

No, they just grow out.

You know how, like, every once in a while, like, one long hair will grow out?

Yeah.

It's a lot like that, where it's just like, one day you'll wake up and you'll have just a tiny feather coming out and you'll, and if, you know, just pluck it out.

It's like the fly, but you are instead of chicken.

Yeah.

So you never get fully blanketed in feathers.

No, well, the more...

Sounds luxurious.

And first you...

Yeah, it does.

What's the count?

Human down comforter.

I like the sound of that.

If you shave them off, at first you start to shave them off and that makes them grow thicker.

And the soap mouth.

Yes, the bubble solution instead of saliva.

Do you...

Does it make you gag?

It doesn't make you gag.

No, and in fact, it's very helpful when you're cleaning your pots and pans and if you're ever in an airplane and you spit in the sink, then you can just kind of wipe it down.

That's a callback I've been listening to the podcast at home.

Good, really.

You just decided to drop by when you heard it start.

Is I have a live feed to ear wolf in my home?

Wow.

Yes, and Burbank.

I live in Burbank.

Oh, it's supposed to be beautiful out there.

It's beautiful.

I've never made it out.

Oh, it's beautiful, you've got to come out.

You've got to come out.

You've never made it to Burbank.

You've got to come out.

I want to...

Oh, that's great.

All the stars, all the stars, that little formerly fat boy Angus from 2 1-2-1-2-1-2.

Oh, but he's not real religious zealot, right?

Yeah, so good.

Yeah.

All the stars, none of the hassle.

That's what I call Burbank.

That's a great slogan.

I don't like the bubbles.

Okay.

Because it's like you a drunk person in a cartoon.

That's true.

You're always WC Fielding.

Exactly.

I do not like that.

I do not like all things.

I do not like it.

I like it.

You like all things?

I like it.

I do not like all things, Chelsea.

No, I mean, I'm talking about the bubbles.

I like those bubbles.

You like the bubbles?

You don't want to have the feathers coming out of your chin .

No, my cocoa butter smooth skin is one of my signature trademark.

You smell good to me.

Thank you.

You don't look ashy at all.

You look good to me.

Thanks.

I get a lot of compliments on my soft, soft, silky, skin, and so I would not trade that in for no one.

Well, please don't vote yet.

Chelsea, I was stuffing in you soft or hard.

Really interesting.

I'm thinking about it, even though I know you're a waggard.

You're thinking about it, Chelsea?

You did.

Terrible taste in men.

I know.

First chance chance.

The problem is I respond to alpha males.

And I know even though this man here is straight up into just searching for all kinds of butt nuggets.

Don't even know what that means.

I like it all.

I will throw you against a wall, girl.

See?

I respond to that.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

I don't like bust.

I do not like bust.

What do you enter your attention?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Right.

All right, so what do we, am I going to close the floor?

Really?

No more questions?

I have questions.

Okay.

What do you got?

Okay, first of all, is this chicken hair or is this like chicken feathers?

It's chicken feathers that are coming here.

They're kind of like chicken hair.

I do not like chicken hair.

I don't know that I know what chicken hair is.

Do you mean those tiny hairs, like if you get chicken feet and dim sum those tiny little hairs?

Exactly.

That is really.

Because I was stung cold.

I was on a Jackie Chan movie.

I did Rumba on the Bronx.

I was the craft services.

I was also in it.

I was one of the villains.

I was one of the people that Jackie Chan tried to beat up and I wouldn't let him.

He's a fake karate person.

I would not let him beat me up.

Really?

I smacked him up.

He came up to, I was supposed to get hit in the face and then I was like, oh, and I said, no, he tried to smack me in the face.

I straight up clawed him in the face.

That's all in this.

That's Wolverine shit.

That's in the movie?

And they said cut.

No, they said cut.

That was a rehearsal.

And we had to take two weeks off production.

Wow.

That's not a good thing.

You still get hired.

Yeah.

You're like, we had to take two weeks off production.

Like it's a cool development.

No, that's you're doing horrible things in Hollywood.

We shot in Vancouver.

So that's the wrong.

Mm.

Were you watching Rumba on the Bronx?

The hills of the mountains of Vancouver behind us.

Really?

Yeah.

When you watch out, go back and watch that movie.

So you're on the streets of the Bronx and all of a sudden you see the mountains behind.

Yeah.

And I said, if this is going to be this often, I'm not going to be the realism of Jackie Chan beating me up.

I'm going to make it get beat me up.

I'm going to fight him out.

What did you just say?

Oh, no, no, no, no.

This is the wrong way to start 2013.

Wow.

Fabriz.

No, no, no.

You can't censor me.

I will say very leisureously.

Oh, you can't censor me.

I've calmed down a little.

OK.

All right, I'm closing the floor for questions.

All right, we've established just not chicken here.

If that was the answer to your question.

My vote is for a chicken to blow bubbles.

Wait.

That's not an option.

You want a chicken to blow bubbles.

That is the sentence I do not understand.

Chelsea, how do you like to vote?

I mean, I think it's clear where I've been going.

Yeah, I'll take the bubble mouth.

That's because of your skin.

I like having nice skin.

And also, I do feel like having just constant, you'd have the freshest mouth.

What about when you fringe?

I feel like, well, I didn't ask a question about that.

You didn't.

But, I mean, well, yeah, the problem is that it's like kissing a soap dish.

And not one of those great actresses in soap dish.

Like whoopi Goldberg.

Yeah.

Like the other one who was the man.

Right?

So you never find love in there.

I was the crapser.

I don't want any way.

You were on soap dish.

I gave Bobby Downey.

I gave him crack cocaine.

That's not good.

That was good stuff.

Is that another?

Is that something else that's in your almond butter?

Is that the reason you're constantly getting hired because you're actually a drug dealer?

I don't know.

No amendment.

What's the, how do you say that?

No comment.

No amendment.

So you never find love in that scenario, but that's okay with you.

All right.

Well, I don't think I will anyway.

So at least I might as well have fresh bread.

Just say you need a better, you need a better outlook on the world.

I know.

I think you're going to find love, girl.

Thank you.

How do you stay so positive?

I'm on crack cocaine all the time.

That's right.

Speaking of crack cocaine, how do you like to vote?

Did you vote, you voted for a chicken with hair?

I like to vote for Mondale.

Really?

I always vote for Walter Mondale.

Do you even know where you are right now?

Mm hmm.

Burbank.

Is that where I am?

No, I was testing you.

My skin is electric.

I'm important.

Uh oh.

Well, let me tell you the points.

Chelsea, as you're the only person who's voted, I must assign you to be the winner.

So congratulations.

Hey!

That's exactly how you play with your hat.

I'm very chis-y, my defeat to you, Chelsea.

Fucking yeah, it's a trumpet now.

Fucking yeah.

Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.

Shake it twice.

Boy, that ass.

Shake that ass.

Shake it twice times.

Ah, all right.

That's of course a textbook how we play with you rather.

Maybe one of the best rounds that has ever been on this.

Aw, did we fail?

No, I'm saying it's great.

What do you mean?

No!

How do you take what I said and then think that I'm saying you're failing?

She's intuitive.

Scott O'Rourkeerman.

Yes.

All right, guys.

It's time for our final feature on the show.

It's time for a little something called plugs.

Plugs.

Let's open the plugs.

Plugs, plugs, plugs, plugs.

This is scary.

Plugs.

What's up, how's the time?

I'm going to go to the next one.

Yeah.

Watch me shake it.

Wow, that was good.

Yeah.

That's professional grade right there.

I love that song better than every other song.

That is plug step by right click save as.

Oh, that's good.

Right click save as.

Hey, if you have a plug theme that you'd like to hear on this show, just like right click save as, send it to us over there at earwolf.com under the message boards under the company bank message boards in the appropriate thread and you can be famous for a week.

Thanks.

Right click save as well.

That was a good one.

So what do we got to plug here?

Chelsea, what do you like to plug?

Ooh, well February.

Wait, when does this air again?

Yeah, well, yeah, we're in January right now.

January.

Okay, so February 13th through 16th, I'll be at Cap City in Austin.

That's a nice way to spend a Valentine's Day.

Yeah, I know.

Isn't that crazy?

I don't mean for you.

I mean, for the people.

I only think about me.

I like that.

Are you going to do like some sort of champagne toast on your own?

I love to.

Yeah.

I have to throw champagne at the crowd's faces.

And March 7th through 9th, I will be at the San Francisco punchline.

The punch.

Love that room.

The infamous Bay Area.

Mmm.

And of course, you are straight up outlaw Chelsea.

I love you.

Thank you.

I love you.

Puprease.

Of course, your podcast, call Chelsea Peretti.

Is it or is it called Chelsea?

Call Chelsea Peretti.

One R2T's.

Call me on Mondays 4 to 6 p.m.

The number is available on the intranet.

Chelsea, I'm going to get a phone card straight up call you .

Oh, get a prepaid phone.

Yeah.

Fabrice, what do you like to plug?

Yes.

I would like to plug so many different things as far as the color red, which is my favorite color.

I would like to promote that.

I would also like to promote different shoes and sunglasses on the same outfit.

Do it awesome.

Like what?

You're holding some shoes in your hands and wearing shoes and you have sunglasses.

Any number of combinations.

I would also like to plug a down vest.

Okay.

Great.

And can I, I got to go now by.

Okay, bye.

See you.

Hey guys, how's the show?

Oh, hey, Nick.

Great.

Kind of went off the rails a little bit.

We're doing plugs.

Yeah, we're on the little plug.

I got here just in time for plugs.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

I don't know if I should allow it.

Yeah, I think you should.

I'll allow it, counselor.

Thank you.

I would like to plug a croll show, Comedy Central 1030 on Wednesday nights following workaholics.

The premiere is January 16th.

If you had to predict what rating you're going to get, what would you say?

Can you get a hundred?

A hundred percent.

Can you get a hundred percent of the viewers?

I think you can.

What did Seinfeld, the final episode of Seinfeld get?

The final episode of Sepranels mixed with the final episode of Seinfeld.

And from Mash.

And friends.

And Mash.

Yeah, but I think, no, I honestly do think it'll get like a hundred.

Yeah, great.

But check it out.

And I think probably the first episode is online.

Which is the one I'm in.

You're in, you're with Bobby.

I think that's episode two.

Guys only watch episode two.

Yeah.

But check out the first episode with me and Jenny Slade.

And then also, Mizzouques, Helms.

Out of Harry Jones.

Harry Jones.

Also, a lot of funny stuff.

Such a great show.

And I can't wait to see it on my own TV screen.

Thank you.

One of the top shows in the country.

Yep.

Prediction.

Thank you.

What do I want to plug?

Let's see.

February 9th going to be in Vancouver at the Vancouver Comedy Festival.

We're going to be typing one of these shows.

A lot of special guests come out to see me.

There is info on that at comedyfest.com.

And that's all I have.

So let's close up the old plug bag.

Closing up the plug bag.

Ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding That is the closing of the plug bag theme Ken Marino with Casey Wilson and Adam Palley remix, of course.

And guys, that's it.

We did it.

We closed the plug bag.

None of them got out.

Yeah.

Hooray.

That was really beautiful.

She has a beautiful.

You're jealous?

I was taking it back.

That's you.

You sing a little something.

Do you want to do another remix?

No, no, no, no.

That's not good.

Chelsea.

Mm hmm.

Swat me in.

Mm hmm.

Who's this guy?

You'll have to wait till season two of Crolls Show to find out.

Closin' up the closing of the closing of the closing of the closing of the closing of the closing of the closing of the closing of the closing of the closing of my plug bag.

I don't know if I can close it up but I'll fill it up.

I'll fill that plug bag up.

All right.

Thanks guys.

Have a great week.

We'll see you next week.

Bye.

Hello.

Hi.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

The Wolf Dead.
