Billy Eichner from Billy on the Street Fuse TV's new hit show is here. First time guest cannot wait to have him on.

Also, my partner in crime, Reggie Watts is gonna be here, plus a guest that you will not believe is here.

An incredibly famous, not even a human being, but an incredibly famous thing. All of that and more, all on today 's!

♪♪ Take this job and fill out a 1099. Don't forget that as an independent contractor, you are responsible for withholding and paying your own taxes.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Ah, good catchphrase. That is sent by Dan1326657700. Thanks, Dan.

1326657700. Thanks for that catchphrase. That's a nice one.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, boy!

Hollywood Nights, we're taping this. It is pitch dark outside the windows here at the Erwil Studios.

I am Scott Ockerman, your intrepid host. And, yeah, we're doing this kind of late, although, you know, we're...

What do you call it? Daylight saving time, I guess, so it's ... The sun's set a little early on us, but it doesn't seem as late as it is, but it looks like it's midnight here in Hollywood. And that 's all the background you need about our environment.

We have a great show for you today. As I said, Hollywood Nights. And we have great people coming up on the show.

We have a fantastic guest that I can't believe we got coming up a little later. We also have Reggie Watts, my musical compatriot.

Maybe you saw the Comedy Bang Bang TV show last year. He's my one-man band leader.

He was supposed to be here from the top. And there's been a flurry of texts going back and forth from him regarding a valet supposedly stealing his car or misplacing his car, which, you know, maybe it happened, maybe it didn't. We don't know .

But it sounds 50% plausible, 50% implausible to me. But he is probably going to walk in at some moment.

But let me introduce to you our very first guest. And it's a great pleasure to have him on the show.

I've been trying to get him for about a year ever since the first season of his show debuted last year.

And you can see his television show currently on the air Friday nights on Fuse TV at 10 p.m. I believe.

Billy Eichner is here. Hello. Billy on the street. Hey, we got him off the street and into our studio.

I'm inside. It's fun. That must be weird. I hate it. There 's like six, six sides all around you.

There's walls. Yeah. Windows. Nice flourish. Billy, Billy on the street is actually a documentary about how you don't like to ever be inside, right?

Yes. I have a problem. It's a condition. It's like, you know, like a hoarders type of thing.

But instead of just keeping everything that I've ever gotten, I want nothing.

I want absolutely nothing that anyone has. I just want to be out of my house all the time.

I'm scared to go back inside. As Carlin once said, a house is where we keep all of our stuff.

You want to be where there is none of your stuff. I'm going to launch into that whole stuff routine.

Here we go. Right now. Let's do it. You know it by heart.

You got stuff.

There you go. That's enough. That was it, really? Yeah. I'm more economic in my word.

Oh, OK. Right. So, yeah, your suggestion to Carlin would be to pair it down a little.

I didn't up, George. Jesus. You don't have the rest of your life to work on this bit.

Exactly. When I, you know, his daughter, she has a book. I don't know.

Tell me about it, Billy. You're known for taking something in pop culture and breaking it down.

Oh, I know. I mean, I think George Carlin's daughter has some sort of book about growing up.

It's George Carlin's daughter. Who didn't want to hear every detail about that?

When I hear George Carlin's comedy, I wonder about his parenting side.

Yeah. I wonder what his daughter thinks of this. Billy, welcome to the show.

Like I said, or maybe I didn't say it, but I'm a big fan of your show.

Oh, thank you very much. Likewise. Thank you so much. And I didn't, I don't really know you.

I turned it on mainly because Funny or Die produces the show.

Yeah. I know all the people at Funny or Die. And so this was sort of their first foray, their first June foray into television. I think so. Well, they had their HBO show.

Oh, right. Funny or Die Presents. I don't count that. No one does. No, that's a great show.

But it's not like an original series. That just seems like a compilation of Funny or Die videos.

Yeah, exactly. Yeah. This is sort of their first real show where they, it's a concept that was launched on Funny or Die and exactly sort of like elongated for television fleshed out.

So I checked it out just based on that and I don't know you as a comedian or as a person.

Oh great. Or as a father or as a human being. Well, we know George Cullen as a father. Thank God.

But I just think it's so funny and I just sit there and I laugh myself silly.

And describe the show for people who have never seen it, never been in a room while it's playing and even checked it out out of the corner of their eye. If you could keep those people in mind while you explain it.

That would be great. They're not my favorites. They're okay .

The show is called Funny or Die is Billy on the street.

Like you said, it's produced by Funny or Die.

Did you have an argument about putting that in the title?

About putting Funny or Die in the title?

Yeah. I really wanted to put Funny or Die in the title. You did. Yeah, well, I wouldn't die.

I don't know. No, I thought it was great. I mean, it's a little wordy, but I asked, you know, now we're in the second season. Sometimes that the Funny or Die part falls off when people are talking about the show.

They're just like, oh, Billy on the street, which is great.

That was kind of what we always wanted to happen.

Yeah, at some point, you know, it'll be like you'll see those promos for on an all new Billy.

Right. Right. Exactly. I think that's just an all new Billy .

Yeah, it's coming up on bit. Yeah.

Yeah, street. No, but at the beginning, you know, it's on a smaller network on Fuse and people are very familiar with Funny or Die.

They have a great reputation. Of course, Will and Adam are great guys.

Who are they? I'm not sure. Everyone, when you go to Funny or Die, people are just like, Will and Adam, Will and Adam, I'm like, no idea who you're talking about.

So on your show, do they ever show that landlord? I wish they did.

Yeah, my show is basically the landlord on a loop.

So if you love that, exactly.

What was that? About three minutes? You love it 10 times in a row? Exactly.

Why isn't it called my question, I guess, Billy? Oh, God.

Bill Bih.

Yes. Why isn't it Fuse's, Funny or Die's, Billy's is on the streets.

It should be that. Yes.

We've made that Fuse, Fuse partnering with Funny or Die presents.

Presenting Billy Eichner in Funny or Die's, Funny or Die's, Funny or Die's, Funny or Die's.

Billy outside on the streets with pop culture trivia. Did you like Cash Cab?

What have you went around to your friends and we're constantly talking about a new website, Funny or Die?

That sounds like a very pretentious person talking about it , like a very well trained actor.

I work with Funny or Die.

So tell me about the show. It's you out on the street. What more needs to be said?

I did YouTube videos. They got popular. It was YouTube, it wasn't Funny or Die.

I started on YouTube. Well, really, if you want to go back, I did a live show in New York.

I went through, I went to upright citizens brigade after college.

I went through all the classes. I was doing improv. I started to write sketches.

Sounds exhausting. It was a lot, Scott.

Then I started to do a live talk show, like my own version of a late night talk show in New York.

It was called Creation Nation. We did it at various little comedy theaters in New York.

One of the segments in that show was a man on the street segment.

We'd throw to it, put it up on a big screen. You know, five , six, seven minute videos.

Like Kathy Bates's size.

I mean, if you stretched her out and covered her in whatever screens made out of.

What is a screen made out of?

Maybe Ivory? Maybe it's Ivory. That's why all those elephants are dying.

Well, that'd be worth it. Because I saw Life of Pine. I loved it.

But no, so I started to show these videos in my live show.

People like them. We threw them up on YouTube slowly, but surely they got, you know, people started to share them.

And then Funny or Die, Mike Farah, President of Production at Funny or Die, and an all-around great guy that you know.

He got in touch with me out of the blue. He emailed me and said, I like what you're doing.

Let's do something. And I think he meant, let's do like web stuff together.

But I happened to have had this idea and I threw it out there to turn what I do into a game show.

So my crazy man on the street thing where I ambush New Yorkers with pop culture trivia.

Right. And was that part of the videos up to that point?

Yes, but it wasn't in game show form. So on my show now, in the YouTube videos and they're still up there, it's just like, Miss, what do you think about Meryl Streep?

You know, now it's like Miss for a dollar.

Who's better? Meryl Streep or Gleng Closer and Hathaway?

You know, so we added some money to it.

So basically if people have not heard of the show or seen the show, it's you out on the street harassing people.

I don't say harass. I say ambush with passion and a patch of passionate approach.

Yeah. And you shouted them and you rang them. Sometimes, but not all the time.

Right. Sometimes you're very gentle with them. People say I scream all the time, but it's not actually, if you actually watch the show, I scream when it's appropriate.

You're in an amped up state. I am in an amped up state. I'm a passionate man.

Yes. And you, the games are ridiculous that you take these people through and they have zero to little stakes.

Well, there are stakes. I mean, you can win a dollar.

At some point, someone may win a hundred dollars.

Once in a while. We can't do that all the time. I made a money.

We're on fuse for God's sake.

You can curse, by the way. I noticed you, you, you almost said for something else to say.

It seemed like you were about to say. For fuck's sake?

Maybe. Yeah. I just wanted to let you know that because a lot of times people think they can't.

Oh, okay. So, I mean, get it all out now though.

All right. Great. I'm thrilled.

What are we, what was I going to say? Oh, yeah.

Oh, there's another twist in the show that unlike most games shows, some of the questions on Billy on the street are subjective.

Yes. So that's the big twist that people win money if their opinions about pop culture agree with my own opinions.

And what are some of those opinions? I don't like Taylor Swift.

What? Currently. Come on. How dare you. I love certain people and I don't like other people.

You feel very strongly about your loves and your interests.

Exactly. I love Meryl Streep. People talk about that a lot.

It became kind of a surprisingly became a thing people talked about.

Like on Twitter, they write like Meryl fucking Streep because I say that on the show.

Right. And I ended up meeting her on Andy Cohen's show on Bravo that he like introduced me this summer.

And then it was cool because I watched Meryl, she of course had not heard of me, why she should as she should not have.

But she he played her clips of me on the show screaming to people on the street, Meryl fucking Streep.

And you know, giving them money if they agreed with me that she's better than Glenn Close.

So of course she's really good friends with him real life, obviously.

And watching her watch the clips was completely bizarre.

I'm sure she was enjoying it because she's always very range like whoo-hoo.

I was also there screaming Meryl Streep in her face.

Right. So for the first few minutes, you can see it if you watch the clips online.

She looks a little taken aback. But of course she's Meryl Streep and she's a genius.

And she totally like gets the joke of it.

Right. So she was very very nice.

What a thrill.

It was, Scott. It was like I was on, you know, Tom Snyder or something.

Like, you know, it was a really great TV moment that everyone's still talking about you fuck.

There it is. There you go. Thank you so much. You're welcome.

I just need something to justify the explicit rating on this show, you know, so I really appreciate it.

So it's a great show and a half hour long and it's been airing on Fuse and this is the second season.

We're in the second season and it's been a fun season.

We have a lot of new like guests on the show this season.

Will Farrell was on the show. Will Farrell. Rashida Jones.

Rashida Jones, Maya Rudolph, Nick Kroll, Zachary Quinto.

You know, maybe you don't know this, but he plays Spock in those Star Trek movies.

I do and he's gay. Really gay.

So I think the...

Was I surprised to you when you met him how gay he actually was?

No, he doesn't act that stereotypically gay at all.

Then how when you say he's really gay, what do you mean?

I guess fucked by guys all the time, Scott.

But you know, Zach Quinto is an extremely nice, lovely person and I actually play a game with him on the show this season where I run around with Zach around the Flatiron building in New York in a game called, It's Spock, do you care?

And we run up to people and I'm like, it's Spock, do you care?

And sometimes they freak out and sometimes they're like, you know, I don't care.

Do they get something if they care or...

Sometimes they get a dollar. If they care.

Yeah, if they care. Right.

Or if I just like them. Sometimes they'll say they care and then I'll be like, oh, and did you watch them in Heroes?

And they'll be like, I don't know, I'll take the dollar away.

It happens very much in the moment.

So I just see how I'm feeling at the time.

Yeah. But Zach actually said an interesting thing afterwards. He said every actor who like thinks they're hot shit should have to do that.

Yes. Because it brought him right down to her.

That's over because I'm sure he's walking around going, oh, these people staring at me.

Yeah. And instead he doesn't do that. He's no, but not here 's in general.

But yeah, you kind of think like, you know, oh, it's going to be tough when I go outside.

Today everyone's going to be, you know, looking at me exactly what you're saying.

And then he found that that wasn't necessarily true.

That's good. We did that with Rashida too. And she was very funny. She was very game.

Yeah. It's a funny show. I really, really enjoyed it.

Thank you. I know that Paul F. Tompkins as well, friend of this show.

We were talking about how great it is.

Oh, yeah. So I really want people to check it out.

Thank you. Fridays at 10 on Fuse. Yes.

And I'm seeing out of the corner of my eye, I see that Reggie is here.

So here's what I'm going to suggest. I say we take a break.

Okay. We set Reggie up. He's here.

And when we come back, we'll also have a very special guest that you're not going to believe we got.

So let's do that. Let's take a break.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang, a little more Billy Eichner, some Reggie Watts, and something else coming up after this.

♪♪♪ Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Billy Eichner.

And as promised, Reggie Watts has entered the building.

Hello, Reggie Watts.

Hello.

Oh, is your microphone on?

I don't know.

Oh, no.

Hey.

There it is.

You're right.

There it is.

Uh-oh. Some might say.

Whoops.

Whoops. There it is.

A totally different song.

Is it?

Yeah.

For any spirits.

Reggie, welcome to the show.

Hey.

It's been a while since I've seen you.

It's been a few months, maybe, or a month?

Yeah, something like that.

I don't know.

We did that AMP thing.

Yep.

And across from you is Billy Eichner, do you know Billy?

Oh, hi.

Hey, Reggie.

Hey, we're shaking hands right now.

Oh, my God.

Can you hear that?

Beautiful ring.

Oh, thanks.

Stop it.

I'm going to be a part of one of my favorite songs, the Billy on the Street theme song.

That's probably my favorite song of all time.

Yeah.

Billy on the straight, straight, straight.

I like it's been one week.

You remember that?

Yeah.

Yeah, it's been.

That used to actually be my bare-naked ladies.

Oh, really?

I do a bare-naked ladies impression and all it was is it's been.

That's a good impression.

That was enough information for anybody.

Okay.

Um, so you guys have never met for horror, right?

No.

Is this your part?

No.

Oh, wait.

Matt.

Maybe you come on for the podcast.

Last party last year.

We met there.

I also met Reggie.

Oh, that's right.

Way back when at Ars Nova.

Are you serious?

Yeah, a long time ago.

Song, long time ago, right?

It's been.

Oh, my God.

Yeah.

We did some like variety show with like Kristen Shaw.

Yeah.

Well, this walk down memory lane has been interesting.

I'm sorry.

Let's get to why we're here.

What a bore.

Reggie, you have new equipment.

All of a sudden you took out an, uh, it looks like either an iPad mini or an iPhone maxi.

Uh, yeah.

It's iPhone maxi.

And to the max.

It's California.

You brought that out.

You have a new keyboard.

You have your standard setup.

I've got a hunter, uh, hunter, uh, what do you call it?

Explain yourself, sir.

I'd like to say the word camouflage if I could.

Oh, I see.

If that's not edited.

Um, it's a German industrial ban from the 80s.

You know, this, um, this case is a for hunters.

I have a hunter's case.

For the listener, he's pointing out his iPhone case.

Can you guys see it?

Check it out.

If you're wondering what he means when he says I've got hunter, he's pointing out his iPhone and he has a case on it that's camouflaged.

Me have hunter.

Look.

So Reggie, uh, what is all of this?

What is all this?

Some new sounds?

Yeah.

People should, uh, you have some new sounds for 2013.

Yeah.

I got some brand new hot fresh sounds out of the microwave and, um, um, I'm sure you're going to, um, it is hot.

So you got a, you definitely got to be careful before we get to our next guest here who's coming up here in a second.

Do you want to, uh, treat us to a new, uh, some, some of these new sounds?

Yeah.

We can expect for this year.

Yeah.

Let me treat you guys out.

Okay.

Um, okay.

Great.

So, um, here we go.

Uh, this is a brand new sound that's a, that just is.

Oh, listen to that sound.

Have you ever heard any, have you ever heard the like?

I've never heard music.

Okay.

Here we go.

I'm going to try this.

Okay.

That's stage one.

Stage one, complete.

Going to stage two.

Stage two activated.

Okay.

That's stage two.

Okay.

Here we go.

Good.

Great.

Great song.

Wow.

Thanks.

One of the, the most beautiful lyrics I've ever heard.

Yeah.

It's a since I would say belly on the street street street street street street street street.

It's been.

Belly on the street street street street street street street street street street street street.

You can just do a mashup.

That's what they call it.

That's funny because Pearl Jam is like, I don't.

Don't call me.

It's been.

Belly on the street street street street street street street street street street street street.

So those are new sounds for 2013.

Congratulations man.

Yeah.

I'm going to spruce them up a little bit, but that's the basic.

Yeah.

The spruce goose.

Yeah.

I'm going to spruce it up and the spruce goose.

Spruce.

That's what people are going to shout on you.

They're not saying boo.

They're not saying spruce.

Well, we have to get to our next guest here.

He's been sitting here patiently and I have to say, I am so excited because we were this last December, we were trying to get him on the show and we couldn't get him.

His agent was like, he normally would love to come do the show, but he's booked solid all month long and I was like, come on, we need him on the show.

He's one of the best.

And they were like, no, no, no.

There's definitely no way.

He doesn't have time to do it.

And then I guess an opening in his schedule must have opened up because all of a sudden he called us and said he wants to come in.

Wow.

And so I'm very excited.

So please welcome Frosty, the snowman.

Scott, it's good to be here.

Reggie, how are you?

I'm really well.

It's great to see you.

Billy, Billy in the streets.

Hey, streets, streets, streets.

I really respect anyone in the streets.

It's hard for a snowman to be in the street for very long without being hit by a car.

Yeah, that's right.

I guess you spend a lot of time outdoors, don't you, Frosty ?

Yes.

I'm taking a few years off my life just doing this interview.

Wow.

Yeah.

Just being in the back.

I'm melting as we speak.

Well, yeah.

Well, yeah, let's learn a little bit about you, Frosty.

Frosty, you have a corn cob pipe, right?

Yes.

And a button nose?

You know, I was born in December.

In December, yeah.

That story broke and everybody started talking about me.

Right.

Everything had happened.

You have two eyes made out of coal, I noticed.

I do.

It's hard.

It's difficult.

People think it's fun, but it's difficult to see through coal.

It makes everything very murky.

Have that button nose.

If you suddenly came to life, Scott, and you had a button nose, it's not easy to breathe through.

Yeah, I would wonder why don't I have a regular nose.

Right.

Well, you just came to life.

You don't know.

But what you do know is you have tiny little buttonholes for thread.

It's not easy to breathe out of.

No, you'd rather breathe through a horn or salt shaker at the very least.

Well, I mean, humans, we have two large nostrils.

Exactly.

You have four.

That's better.

But they're small.

Yes.

And the corn cob pipe.

And that's one of the reasons I'm here is to tell all snow men it's dangerous to smoke.

It's bad.

It melts your lungs.

It's the corn cob pipe.

It looks cool, but it melts your lungs.

And then your lungs melt and they melt every organ that's below them too.

Gosh, yeah.

Well, that's a great message, I guess.

Yeah.

Smokeless tobacco, kids.

Yeah.

Like I said, I know it looks cool for your snowman to have a nice, fun corn cob pipe.

But chewing tobacco would be much better.

Although that's not going to melt the lungs.

Yeah.

Like sort of ice cancer of the gums, I would imagine.

It would be a big brown splotch on your gums.

I mean, yeah, it's not good.

Billy, did you ever make snowmen growing up?

I did.

What did you make for ice?

What were the ice?

Were they coal?

Was it a button nose?

I don't know what I did.

I grew up in New York.

So it was just like two pieces of dog shit.

So hard to see through.

Also hard to see through.

Yeah.

At least, hey, it could be worse.

You could have two pieces of dog shit for ice.

That is true.

I'm glad I'm not from New York.

Yeah, where are you from, by the way?

New Hampshire.

Wow.

Let's talk about, let's tell people a little bit about the story.

I'm sure people heard about it back in December, but...

There's a lot of rumors.

Some said you were a fairy tale, but you're...

No, you're actually here.

The children know.

You were made out of snow.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, the children know how you came to life.

And some have to say it has to do with your old silk hat.

Well, it wasn't my silk hat.

It was a magician silk hat.

Oh, you found it.

I didn't find it some children.

The children see how stories get mixed up.

I get it.

Because I'm not alive to find it yet.

I'm just a snowman, some children.

There was this...

It's a very...

You know the real stories about the rabbit in the magician, really.

You should interview him sometime.

Oh, yeah.

No, that would be fascinating.

An abusive relationship with a rabbit, and the rabbit got the hat, ran away.

Some children found it, stuck it on a snowman, and I came to life.

What'd you do when you came to life where you just sort of ...

What would you do?

I'd dance around.

Yeah, wow, great.

Gosh.

Well, I mean, you're obviously alive.

Yes.

You're a snowman who's alive, and in my opinion, you can't be more alive than you are right now.

No.

But I wonder...

When you find something funny...

Yeah.

What do you do?

I laugh, and I play.

I know what you're leading me into.

A lot of the kids seem to be amazed how I could laugh.

You guys are comedians.

I laugh.

I like a good joke.

Sure.

I mean, we're comedians.

We love to entertain people, and what's better than hearing laughter.

I love to laugh, Scott.

Yeah.

I do.

It's just a thing.

The children love me.

It's the sad part is in December, everybody wanted to talk to me.

Everybody wants to play and run around with Frosty, hear my story.

But now we're into what?

Well, we're almost spring here.

Spring is just about to spring, literally.

Spring is almost sprung.

Scott, I'm dying.

Spruce.

Spruce, of course.

I know you guys are laughing.

Wait, wait, what did you just say?

I'm dying.

I'm sorry.

I'm dying.

You're dying?

Oh my God.

It's like that movie Simon Birch.

Remember that little kid?

Yeah, based on a prayer for Owen Meany.

Yeah.

Based on a book by Push.

I don't know.

I've only been a precious sapphire based on the book Push by Sapphire.

I've only been around living for three months.

I don't understand all these references.

You didn't see Precious.

No.

Based in the Simon Birch.

I saw Cloud Atlas.

I love that.

You ever see Brian's song?

Oh, I heard that was sad.

You see, tears are not good for snowmen once.

Don't let us cry.

So you can laugh the same as you and me.

Yeah, because that doesn't melt.

Tears melt.

You know that works, Scott.

Yeah, I do.

Oh, so you're dying?

I didn't know I was dying.

I knew I was dying.

It's like human AIDS, basically.

Oh my gosh.

And what's sad is the children came around and they don't come around anymore, Scott.

That's the message is snowmen.

We live after Christmas.

We live after the holidays.

Yeah.

We should be taken somewhere or we're not going to melt.

It seems to me like there should be a retirement home for snowmen up in Antarctica.

Exactly, you know.

Alaska, somewhere in Canada.

I guess you never really think about the Christmas trees that you throw out when you throw them out and you don't think about the snowmen that you make.

Right.

Sometimes people get a rabbit for Easter and then the novelty wears off.

Yeah.

The rabbit dies.

Let's flush down the toilet.

Wow.

Snowmen we melt.

Yeah, I imagine the sun it's getting hotter now and...

It wasn't a good move for me to come to LA.

Honestly, I should have stayed in New Hampshire.

Right.

Yeah.

Why did you come to LA?

And how did you get to LA?

I ran.

I like to run.

I'm known for running and having fun, I guess.

I love when I run.

It is fun.

Yeah, exactly.

I got here.

Do you start it off, I guess, in a village or?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm known for running around the square and saying, catch me if we can.

I don't know if you've heard about that.

There was a lot of excitement.

Spike TV came to me, introduced me to the producers of Wipe out.

Have you ever seen that show?

Yeah, great show.

Very good show.

So they wanted to take the Wipeout idea and my catch me if you can idea and kind of make some together.

You know, the contestants, they run around.

Frosty tries to catch them in a can.

With what?

With my stick hands.

Oh, with a brew stick.

Yeah.

Right, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And I, it was a lot of excitement in December, Scott.

Catch me if you can.

Fever.

Everybody wanted to do it.

I can imagine.

It was going to be the next Wipeout.

And this is just all throughout the town or?

Or a village.

Yeah, it doesn't work in the city, in the streets, like Billy here.

Right.

It's more of a town and country kind of show.

Yeah.

Like I said, there's a lot of excitement.

Everybody's excited to work with Frosty.

Let's run around.

Was there anyone who wasn't excited there?

Or?

Well, probably the fucking magician.

Right.

But who are you referring to?

I don't know.

I mean, I know what you're talking about.

What do I talk about?

Quote, quote, quote the story.

Read the story.

Well, I'd heard that there was a police, an officer of the law.

I want to hear your side first.

Well, what I heard was there was an officer of the law.

See, this story pisses me off.

OK, he just.

This is typical.

He paused for a moment.

Yeah.

And then everyone heard him.

When?

Well, when you were leading everyone through the streets of town.

Right.

It was fun.

Everyone, Scott, everyone was having a great time.

Yeah.

We're all going through the town running.

Have you ever done that?

You ever jumped into one of that?

Like everyone's just running through the town.

You jump in the crowd and everyone's running, having fun and laughing.

I don't know.

I don't think you really.

I've done it.

Yeah.

They're really in New York.

Oh, yeah.

I'll jump down.

People will start running.

And you just don't.

You go, hey, I'm in.

And you just.

I'll jump right now.

Yeah, the gay parade.

I've been there on Halloween.

Everybody jumps in and yells.

It's the same thing.

Yeah.

But then what I heard was a cop basically.

Yeah, quote it.

Read the story.

Well, he paused for a moment when everyone heard him holler stop.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's.

Go ahead.

Yeah.

And then you add to hurry on your way.

OK.

OK, let's talk about this.

Yeah.

You said he hollard stop.

Right.

You know what I say?

What?

Fuck the pigs.

You said fuck the pigs to a police.

I said fuck the pigs.

All right.

Boy, you can't say that.

Who are you to make me stop?

I've only been around living for a month or two.

I'm having fun.

I'm laughing.

I'm looking after the town's kids for God's sakes.

I mean, maybe that's one reason why he's asking you to stop .

You have a bunch of children behind you.

And who knows what you're going to do with those children, you know?

Am I?

Oh, see, that's what happened.

That's what happened to the spike deal.

That whole Boy Scout thing went down.

Wait, the Boy Scouts, maybe I didn't hear about that.

What was that?

Boy Scouts of America, they've been molesting kids for years.

That came out in the paper and everybody's like, what's up with this snowman?

He's running around.

He's laughing.

I hear he's running stop signs.

Right, right.

And next thing you know, they don't let the show is.

The show's done?

No one's returning my calls.

I don't know.

No one's returning my call, Scott.

You're Mr. Hollywood.

You tell me.

Well, was this why we had such trouble getting you on in December?

Can't catch me if you can.

That would have been amazing.

Right.

Yeah.

What did you say though, when you tried to leave?

I said, fuck you.

You speak.

But do you mean after that?

Yeah, to the kids.

All right, this is what happened.

All right.

So we just run away from the pigs, right?

You're leading out older, these children?

Four to six years old.

I don't think you should be using that kind of language around young children as well, or teaching them the lesson.

They don't know at that age.

It's just a word of that.

They don't know.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

They're just caught up in the excitement of laughing and running.

I guess.

You know, I'm playing in the song.

They're like Billy here.

Yeah.

I get to do it.

We're both guys that we make our nut outside.

Yeah.

We're all around yelling at people.

They're both gay men in America.

Exactly.

Oh, wait.

I guess we'd skipped over that.

You're a gay man?

You're a gay snowman?

Oh, we hadn't talked about that.

But yet that's the only thing that bothers me is I get caught up in the, uh, they guess everyone assumes because I was born in December that I'm part of the Christian Christmas holiday.

Oh, I'm not a fan of Jesus, by the way.

Okay.

Not a fan at all.

I'm seeing what's happening here.

So I can't a gay man work with children and not be assumed to be a pedophile.

You know what I mean?

Exactly.

Yeah.

I understand your problem here.

See?

Yeah.

I get it.

I'm not with the whole gays can't be married whole thing.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

I mean, God, God meant for man to be with man.

Otherwise he would have made men look different than other men.

Men are supposed to be with men because they're both men.

Get it?

Oh, I see.

Do you think all men should be with other men and all women should be with other women?

Yeah, it makes sense.

Hi.

When you go to the grocery store, what, where are the oranges?

Next all the fruits?

No, they're with the other oranges.

Oh, I see.

Oh, okay.

The oranges are all together.

Yes.

Yeah.

You wouldn't go look for a banana in the oranges.

I guess that makes sense.

Well, Billy, when you're out shopping for fruits, am I right?

My gay brother?

Hi.

Let me get a little support here.

That's true.

Yeah, oranges.

Yeah, everyone's gay.

I hate straight people.

If I could be honest.

Really?

I wish you would be honest.

It's gross.

Well, Reggie, where do you lie on this?

I just think you got to do the best you can with what you have.

And if you know your part's real good, then be with someone who's got the same part.

Yeah, maybe.

Well, I can mold my part to be anything.

Oh, really?

Is that what you do as a gay snowman?

Yeah, other gay snowmen, that's what's fun is we can mold our penises to be any size.

Or, uh, that's handy.

Buttholes.

Are you attracted to other snowmen or are you attracted to humans?

I get a lot of criticism because a lot of my girlfriends are humans.

I will your girlfriend?

Yeah, I will fuck.

Oh, sorry.

Boy, friends.

Well, it's okay.

I mean, there's, hey, they're non-gender specific.

I have fucked a girl, human girl.

You really?

Okay, it's getting weird.

Yeah.

I feel like I just spun myself into a corner.

I fucked one human girl.

Okay.

And honestly, that's what the cop was hauling stuff about.

Okay.

More than you running through the traffic line.

With children.

Okay, so now we're getting to it.

You fucked one human girl.

Look, we were all laughing.

Everyone was having fun.

Did I tell you I laugh and I enjoy that?

No, yeah, we heard a lot about that.

They're all laughing and playing, everybody's in the snow running.

One thing leads to another.

One's caught up.

You know how it is, Scott.

I don't because I assume you're ending the story with you fucked a human girl and I don't know how it is.

I fucked a human girl.

I've never been running and laughing throughout the streets and then it led to me fucking a human girl.

Look, I'm only two months old.

She's four.

She's an older woman.

Whoa.

Wait a minute.

Okay.

She's six.

Okay, here's the funny land age.

Here's the problem, Frosty.

What?

That's when you say you had sex with someone.

Yes.

And that woman.

That implies a consensual sexual relationship.

Oh, she loved it.

She was laughing and playing.

Oh, God.

No, no, no.

We just called it making the snow angel.

Oh, God.

She made a snow angel in me.

It's really all that happened, Scott.

If it's easier for you to understand that way.

Well, I guess.

We just laid, I said lay on top of me and make a snow angel .

Okay.

It's my carrot dick.

All right.

I, the story is getting weird.

I try when you, if you ever come to life and your dick is a carrot and you start to come.

Wait, so the, that hurts.

It come, because it doesn't come out.

It comes carrot juice.

Is that what you're saying?

Yeah, it tries to strain carrot juice.

I do.

That's what happens when you come alive.

Why did the children who make you give you a carrot dick?

Exactly.

That's what I'm trying to impart here.

And think about what's going to happen when your snowman comes alive.

How these parts are going to work.

Isn't the carrot supposed to give you a better eyesight?

Yeah.

So maybe you have no eyes.

Have you ever considered, I think what is.

I think I should have carrot eyes in a cold dick.

I don't understand.

I think what you're suggesting is you should rub your carrot semen on your eyes and it'll help you see better.

That's what you're trying to say, Billy.

Exactly.

Thank you.

The street is out, you were saying?

Yeah, it was implied.

Well, this is a crazy story.

Reggie, I don't know quite what to make of this.

That's the truth.

I mean, it's weirdly like, it's fantastic as it sounds.

It does sound more realistic.

Yeah, because earlier I've never heard these verses of the song.

Right, you hear the song you're like, why would cops get on them just for running?

Just for running a fucking tab sign.

Yeah.

In a village where there's no traffic.

Yeah, and instead it was you had molested a four year old girl.

No, no, no, she's an older woman.

To be fair, most snowmen live 90 days tops, right?

So one of your days is about a year for us.

Okay, that makes it even worse, to be honest.

Yeah, I guess it does.

Okay.

I was about 30 days old at that point.

And you're saying that's a year?

So that's 30 year old with, so she's not an older woman at all.

And why is a homosexual snowman do you want a young girl laying on you making a snow angel?

Don't I don't.

Please.

Okay, I'm sorry.

What you're into, whatever you're into.

That was one crazy day.

What happened in Natalie Wood?

We don't know.

Right.

You know what I mean?

I don't.

But okay.

It was one crazy boat trip.

Anything else to this story, Frosty?

That's pretty much it.

But really, I am saying everyone out there, don't cry.

I am melting away.

But if instead of crying, be active, I'd like a nice walk- in freezer to live in during the hot months so I can come back.

So if people are moved by your story when they hear it here and they have a large walk-in freezer in their home or maybe they own a restaurant?

Sure, but I'm allergic to meat, so no, I can't be around meat.

So maybe a vegetarian restaurant that has a walk-in freezer .

Right, a very large walk-in freezer with no meat.

That maybe they have a lot of vegetables being shipped.

I don't know what they would use the freezer for in a restaurant like that.

I don't know.

Vegetables would be great because I can make those various body parts for me.

To do what with.

I don't know.

Be very honest.

I understand that if I come in my eyes, I see better.

Okay, well Frosty, I hope that someone, one of these listeners out here listens to this show and hears it and gives you what you want.

Or the policemen come.

So fuck the cops.

Okay.

All right.

Fuck the pigs.

Cop killer.

No, no.

I haven't been alive that long.

I love that old iced tea.

Well, you know, Andrew Lloyd Webber co-wrote that.

Oh, really?

Yeah, we talked about it on a previous show.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

I'm not aware of that mythology.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, what count?

Why don't we go to a break up before we do Reggie?

Do you want to do you want to sing something before we go?

Yeah.

Let's let's do a little bit of some of these things.

Sure.

Smoothies things.

Yeah, let's just let's do it.

Let's do it.

Really want to get in on this?

There you go.

Yeah.

Hold on.

I'll set it up.

Okay.

Ready?

Okay.

Here we go.

Oh boy.

Okay.

Hey.

What's going on?

Want to buy me some stuff?

Not really.

How come?

I don't like you.

How come?

Just not into it.

If I gave you a diametrically.

I'm not going to do it.

Not into it.

If I gave you a diametrically opposing point of view, would that help?

Probably.

Great.

Here's one.

Did you know the Castro was so bad?

Who's the weird guy who was the best?

I could see that.

Okay.

And if you had to do it all over, which did it again, if you did it, if you could, if you had a friend.

I'm bored.

Come on.

Take it away.

I'm bored.

Frosty, take a wrap.

Thumpity, thump, thump, thumpity, thump, thump.

Look at Frosty go.

Thumpity, thump, thump, thump, thump.

This the way Frosty roll.

It's been.

Wow.

Woo.

We'll be right back with a little more comedy bang banging after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here with Billy Eichner.

We have Reggie Watts.

We have Frosty, the Snowman.

It's been a really interesting show so far, guys.

Learning a lot about all of you, everyone's on their phone currently, other than Frosty doesn't have a phone.

Do you have any kind of like mobile devices or?

Batteries tend to melt me, Scott.

Oh yeah, I can imagine.

Well, it's time to play one of our favorite features here on this show.

It's time to play a little something we call would you rather.

♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ It's time to play would you rather and thank you for giving the theme song the respected deserves Billy.

I appreciate that.

A lot of people tend to talk over it and you are utterly silent and respectful.

You want me to talk over that?

No, not at all.

I did not as a matter of fact.

I really appreciate it.

I really zoned out there.

What were you thinking about?

I just have emails and stuff.

Oh yeah, I got to get to those emails.

You're crafting a response to one that you looked at during the break.

I'm thinking about it.

I haven't said all that anything yet, but I don't get about it.

Why do you know how you're going to respond to that one?

Well, it is time to really want me to talk over that.

No, I'm saying I don't want you to talk.

Why didn't you talk over that?

What is that?

Reggie, what was that?

This is just a little...

Oh, it's piercing.

It's piercing my eardrums.

I snowy is a melting.

Sounds like radio head.

Really?

You think that's what radio head to me?

You don't like radio head?

It's enough.

What do you like?

I like good music.

Like what?

You know, like, you know, Rihanna.

Oh, nah, nah.

That's what you like.

I love that.

I like a good hook.

Yeah.

I don't need that.

You're a little bit scry-lucks.

Oh, scry-lucks.

I thought it was skrill-ic.

Oh, you're right.

I love that.

Who needs a melody?

See, frosty, what's your favorite music?

I like Jimmy Duranty.

Old school, but hey, I get it.

Okay, it's time to play Woodger Rather.

We all know how this is played, of course.

People send me Woodger Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWR, Comedy Bang Bang, Woodger Rather.

Please don't send them to me as I don't want them.

It clogs up my V-ed.

I don't want them.

I will choose from them, and I will say the Woodger Rather scenario.

I will then open the floor for questions.

You can then ask me any question you want about either of the scenarios in order to narrow down your choice.

There's a lot of information that is not included in the question itself.

You can ask me anything you like.

I have all the information here in front of me.

Then at a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

You will then vote.

I will take you one by one.

You can then vote on which scenario you would prefer.

I will then tally up the points and assign a winner.

It's that easy.

Today, we have a little something special.

It's a Woodger Rather remix.

We've done this once before where we take half of someone's suggestion and half of a different person's suggestion.

Sometimes I only like half of what they give me.

This is a Woodger Rather mashup.

It comes to us from half of it comes from Jimmy Wellington.

The other half comes from Doug Lorman.

Thanks guys.

Jimmy asks, would you rather give a presidential concession speech before every meal or Doug Lorman asks, or have Wes Anderson film all of your sex scenes?

All right.

Would you rather give a presidential concession speech before every meal or have Wes Anderson film all your sex scenes?

All right.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Who is Wes Anderson?

Has he released anything recently?

No, I guess his last film was more in June or so.

It was Moo Rice Kingdom.

Yeah.

Rushmore?

Not never...

Oh.

What about bottle rocket?

Oh, yeah.

Wait, you heard about it.

Wait, just to be sure, you may be thinking of bottle rockets the thing.

Oh, yeah.

They tend to melt snowmen.

We don't like them.

A lot of people stick them in our butts for fun.

A lot of people do?

Yeah.

Who else would do that?

Snowmen?

Other snowmen?

No.

Sticky bot?

I don't know why you only alive snowmen.

Oh, is that why you're only attracted to humans?

Yeah, they are a little more...

Honestly, snowmen are easier to rape.

Oh, God.

Sorry.

You asked, please.

They don't move.

Most snowmen are pretty much in a coma at all times.

Is that why they don't move because they're in a coma?

Yeah, that's how we do magic hat.

When you guys are talking to us, we hear you talking.

It takes a magic hat for us to respond.

Oh, has anyone tried this magic hat that you're wearing on coma patients, on human coma patients?

Whoa.

That's a good idea.

Maybe you could go to some hospitals and, you know, I mean ...

If you're melting any way...

You know some might do do because when you take my hat off, I'm in a coma.

This is a fun thing I do is when I'm fucking a girl, right before I'm about to come, I'll have it take off my hat.

Just for like 45 seconds.

And then you die.

What about the coma?

You, be careful.

I'm gonna take my hat off.

You don't want to Michael Hutchins that.

Yeah, it is like that.

It's like exactly like that.

Okay, gosh.

Interesting character.

Think about that.

You have no life.

You have life again.

Coma cum.

All right, so you want to know who Wes Anderson is?

He's a film director.

Okay, does that answer your question?

Who else has a question here?

Billy?

I'm thinking about it.

Do I have a question?

Yeah, in order to narrow down your choice.

I'm going through your mind here.

I'm not the biggest Wes Anderson fan.

Okay, and why is that?

I, that's all right.

And a lot of matching luggage.

Right.

And so how do you think that would affect him filming every time you have sex?

Well, I just think it would look really twee and composed.

Yeah, like overly composed and everything would be.

And why am I having sex with Gene Hackman?

Although, it wouldn't be terrible.

I mean, I could think of worse things.

I mean, just for the story, don't you think like having sex with Gene Hackman with you?

That would be cool.

You know, just to be able to say.

You'll never believe what happened last night.

Fuck the shit out of a retired Gene Hackman.

I brought Gene Hackman out of retirement last night.

I love how you think you'd be the one doing the fucking on Gene Hackman.

I don't know.

I think it would be.

Gene, by the way, hold on.

Gene Hackman's a bottom.

Do you think so?

Yeah, absolutely.

I think he would wrestle you to the ground.

No, that doesn't mean he doesn't want to get fucked eventually.

Believe me, I've been there.

You think it's going one way?

Oh boy, here we go.

Especially with a character actor.

That's why he's a character actor because he's inherently a bottom.

Exactly.

Hello, John Hawks.

Come on.

By the way, even though I'm a gay snowman, I don't like blowjobs.

Why is that?

It melts your dick off.

Okay, well, I thought you had a carrot dick.

Oh yeah.

I got whatever you put there, Scott.

Guys, I want to say to the new listener, maybe you just stumbled across this show.

Maybe you're a huge Billy on the street fan and you're like , oh, finally.

The show is not normally like this.

It's not this dirty, right?

I mean, I know I was encouraging you to curse.

I have no idea.

You never heard the show before?

No.

Why did you want to get on it so badly?

It's not publicity.

Try to sell my catch me if you can, Joe.

Just for the sweet pub?

Yeah.

All right.

Reggie, you have a question?

That's terrible.

Oh, yeah, so do it.

Would the Wes Anderson option, would it be a continuous shot?

So it'd just be like your whole life.

Yeah, you know, I mean, he started out doing a few longer takes and even some slow motion and rush more of long continuous shots.

But it seems like with Moonrise Kingdom, he's editing a little more quickly paced these days.

So I think it just depends on whatever style he kind of has evolved into it naturally as a filmmaker.

Does that answer your question?

It completely does.

But he's there in the bedroom.

He's there filming it.

He's there with his entire crew.

Oh, okay.

A lot of art department people, probably the biggest department on the Wes Anderson shoe.

Art and crafts on steroids.

So, okay, for those of you just tuning in.

I'm sure there are a lot of you.

Yeah, so the choice is clear for me.

The choices go, okay, don't vote.

Yeah, of course.

I'm not voting.

I'm voting.

Okay, good.

So not a lot of questions so far about the presidential concession speech before every meal.

One more Wes Anderson.

Sure.

If we use that option, if I go with the Wes Anderson, do I alienate East Anderson?

I'm three months old.

I don't know.

Is that a bad?

Is that bad?

Would I just improv card of yours?

The East Anderson.

The Four Corners of Anderson.

Oh boy.

Billy, any questions about the presidential concession speech?

No, now I'm weirdly thinking about Julian Anderson.

Oh, really?

From the X-Files?

That's right.

Mmm.

So would you prefer she film your sex scenes?

Oh, no, she's cold as ice.

You think so?

Yeah.

Sweet summer paradise.

What was that?

You've never met her before?

I have never.

Yeah, I'm constantly hanging out with Julian Anderson.

I don't know who you hang out with.

We're at Chateau Marmana every night.

Me, Julian Anderson and Marky Post.

Who would be wrong with that?

I think that's a game.

It's my dream.

I'm just saying it hasn't happened.

It hasn't come to fruition.

Who's the biggest celebrity you've got?

I mean, obviously, Meryl Streep, you've met her.

Is that it?

Do you end your life now?

Who's up there for you that you would just?

Oh, man.

Ah, Abigail Breaslin.

Mmm.

From Frosty would love her.

I'm not familiar.

She might be a little old.

She might be a dreamer.

Who is that?

From Zombieland and Little Miss Sunshine.

Ah, Zombieland.

Ah, Little Miss Sunshine.

She's good.

She's one of the actors.

I will never watch anything called, L-Sunch-Anything Sunshine.

Yeah, I understand that.

I just sounded that terrible.

I'm just watching that.

I would melt your coal off.

That's like, saw for you.

Exactly.

Or hostile.

Was that a movie?

It was.

Cabin in the woods.

Any questions about the prep?

No one's asked at anything.

Well, we know what that is.

We know what it is.

You know what it is.

What do you think it is?

Yeah.

Red ink.

It sucks is what it is.

It's a downer.

Before every meal, how long do those last?

They usually last about 25 minutes or so, where they think all the campaign workers.

Yeah.

What's positive about that?

Why would I want to do that?

It's downer.

Well, I mean, you'd rather have Wes Anderson and Anderson.

Because Anderson.

You'd rather have Wes Anderson there in the corner?

Oh, it's okay for you to say Anderson, but I can't say East .

Or Nor.

Really?

So everyone is going to vote that way?

Don't vote yet, but everyone's just going to vote for the Wes Anderson thing?

It's a better opportunity.

Definitely.

Really?

Even though he broadcasts these in every time you have sex, he broadcasts it before every movie.

It's going to be cute.

The thing is, it's not going to be dirty.

It's just going to be cute.

Do you ever see that Natalie Portman, Jason Schwartzman, prelude to the Darging Limited?

Yeah, but he's not good at dirty.

I don't know.

He's better at yourself.

You saw Natalie Portman's butt.

I'm going to translucent skit.

All right, boy, this is going to be the shortest game we've ever played.

No more questions.

I don't have to say.

Do you have to have the dinner?

Are you dining with campaign workers?

Yeah, who are you dining with?

Then they're all hideous.

Those are ugly people.

No, you dine with whoever you want, but you have to give that speech to whomever you're dining with.

Even if you're at an Arby's, you basically are giving it to everyone at the Arby's.

Every single meal.

There are no campaign workers at an Arby's.

Let's be honest about that.

You know what?

Because, I guess it's not fertile ground, but I'm going to throw another one into the mix.

I've never done this before.

Three choices.

His death match.

This comes to us from Grant, aka at Grantonius.

His third choices, would you also, or would you have to wear a bow tie and a propeller hat for the rest of your life?

Okay, that's a new choice.

What is the bow tie made out of?

It's tweed.

Oh, it's just a real.

So it's not like a...

No, it's not a frat or snowman.

It's not rock or something.

No, no.

It's a real bow tie, yeah.

It goes around.

And it twirly hat, what's that made out of?

It's just plastic.

Plastic's like everything made out of.

Oh, it's not a banana and...

No, it's not a banana hat.

No, no.

It's a terrible hat anyways.

Yeah.

Okay, I'm throwing that into the mix.

Does that change?

No.

Bring propeller hats back, though.

Do you?

Why is that?

I think that'd be a good fashion statement.

Like, see, Blake Lively show up at a premiere in a prope ller hat.

I wouldn't put it past like a Nicki Minaj.

That's...

Yeah, you know what I mean?

A propeller hat work like a helicopter.

Yes, this one does, as a matter of fact.

It works exactly like a helicopter.

And does the bow tie make you go forward and back and the propeller go up and down?

Yeah, the bow tie spins as well.

And so it's like that in the helicopter, it's like the back little things that are spinner copter.

Yeah, exactly.

It's exactly like a chakra copter.

Now I understand how it works.

Does that affect your choice at all?

Me putting this in?

But look, really wouldn't help your whole pedophile stigma.

I don't think.

A bow tie.

A more than a stigma.

It's a realistic label of his actions.

Yes.

Because I take care of a children, I'm a pedophile.

That's what this has come from.

No, because of the other thing.

I don't even want to repeat it again that you did.

Oh.

The thing you admitted to.

One.

One is enough.

They used to say eight is enough.

I say one is enough.

All right.

That's true.

Who is on eight is enough.

I'm back at him.

Okay.

Yep.

Okay.

And Adam.

Ooh.

Corolla.

Adam.

Corolla?

Yeah.

He doesn't work with women.

You know that.

But that's how he got started.

He was one of the kids on eight is enough.

Is that true?

A lot of people don't know it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No, that's not true.

It's not true at all.

Okay.

Thank you.

What about Dr. Drew Pinsky?

Yeah, you know, he was definitely on there.

He was on family ties.

He was on heart to heart.

Yeah.

He played, no, he was on family ties.

He played Mallory's boyfriend.

Oh, yeah.

That guy, Nick.

Yeah, he played Nick.

His father was in the New Heart Toyota.

So the propeller hat, when it's working like a helicopter, how does it not just take off on its own?

How does it pull the body up with it?

You someone has to spin it.

One of the children you're hanging out with has to spin it.

No, I know.

But how does the hat not just take off on its own?

Oh, there's a chin strap.

You didn't mention that.

You didn't say chin strap.

Well, you didn't ask about it.

You just asked about it.

So I mentioned it.

It's not here in the original question.

Okay.

Well, does the bow tie have a chin strap?

The bow tie has a strap, just a regular bow tie strap.

Okay, no chin strap, which we call part of the bow tie.

It's around you.

Yeah.

Okay.

There's a chin strap made out of licorice.

Oh.

You know what?

I'm adding.

I know where I'm voting.

I've never done this before.

I'm adding another one.

Okay.

Another choice.

What?

I'm only three months old.

I'm winning.

Here we go.

Oliver Gatalo asks, or have a Tyler Durden type split personality, but with an Olsen twin.

All right.

There's another choice for you.

I don't know who's Tyler Durden.

Tyler Durden from Fight Club.

You know, Edward Norton is spoiler alert.

Sorry, guys.

If you've never seen Fight Club, get on it.

Pause right now.

Watch Fight Club and then unpause.

But Edward Norton in that has a split personality whose Brad Pitt and his name is Tyler Durden.

Okay.

All right.

So we have a split personality who's an Olsen twin.

One of the Olsen twins from Full House.

See, I'm throwing that into the mix.

I get this.

Is it like Full House age or current Olsen age?

I'm going to go with New York Minute age.

So they're still, you know, this is pre Heath Ledger that whole thing.

Right.

Yeah.

So that the, the, Paul hasn't, isn't over them yet.

No matter what I say, it'll upset Michelle Williams.

Sure.

Exactly.

So, but I'm throwing that into the mix.

What's on the table, guys?

So this has never been done before.

Four choices.

This is a super sized, would you rather we have, would you rather give a presidential speech before every meal, concession speech?

Would you rather have a Tyler Durden type split personality , but with an Olsen twin?

Would you rather wear a bow tie and a propeller hat for the rest of your life?

And that takes off like a gyroscope, but has a licorice.

But has licorice that if you eat it, your hat goes up in the air and no longer can carry you.

Or would you rather have Wes Anderson film every time you have sex?

All right.

So any questions about any of those scenarios, it's all on the table.

In the Wes Anderson scenario, is there any, is there anything licorice?

The, like are the cameras made of licorice?

I'm just reaching your, no, your, your carrot penis is replaced with black licorice penis.

All right.

Because once you go back, black, whoa.

What?

I don't know.

I've never heard the second half of that.

It's just whoa.

Yeah.

So once you go black, whoa.

Okay.

So that's a, that's a, an attachment you can use.

Okay.

And is there any licorice in the split personality scenario ?

In the split personality with the Olsen twin?

Yeah.

I don't understand that one, but yeah.

You eat your split personality eats a lot of licorice.

Yeah.

But it's all mental.

It's all in your mind.

Oh.

Okay.

So I think the question's, Reggie, you've been awfully silent because you said the choice was clear, but I've added two more scenarios since then.

Yeah, but yeah.

I think the choice is still clear.

Really?

Yeah.

Wow.

Okay.

Billy, anything?

No questions, but I would just want to say Fight Club solid , solid flick.

Solid flick.

Yeah.

Great film.

Yeah.

No faults almost.

Great middle.

Sure.

I think personally an end is hell in a bottom car in that.

Sure is.

Okay.

American accent.

Oh, good for her.

American accents.

She's very, very good.

Always the same in a way, but great.

You know what I mean?

Sure.

I mean, you know, some always the same.

Maybe it's just me, but for me, if you're looking for EM Forrester novels that have been put, you know, films and adaptation as a film, Howard's End .

Can't get any better than that.

Fuck yeah.

Howard's End.

You know what I'm saying?

Sure.

That's weird, but true.

It is weird, but true.

Let's talk about Howard's End for three hours.

Sure.

I'm game.

Because if you're listening to this podcast, check out how much longer it has to go on it.

I think you'll see three hours.

So we have three hours frosty for this.

Howard's End was that was that pretty downtown.

Yeah, I've never seen.

Oh, yeah.

Those pre-downton Abbey.

Yeah.

That was down Abbey before down Abbey was downtown.

That's a downtown.

Yeah.

You've never seen it frosty?

I have never seen most things, but no, I haven't.

I wonder if you described Howard's End plot point by plot point.

Would it take as long as Howard's End to watch or could you do it quicker or would it be longer?

I think it depends on how OCD or, you know, old.

I remember I saw that movie when I was like, I don't know how old 12 something, 15.

I had no idea what was happening.

What's OCD?

Oh, you don't know what that is.

Old Candy Cane Dick.

Yeah.

You ever met a snowman who had OCD?

Oh, yeah.

That's a very common thing.

Candy Cane Dick's a very common for snowman.

That's why I wonder why are these children putting dicks on their snowman?

Of course they are.

I mean, what are you doing at that age?

I wouldn't know your dick existed, Scott.

Nothing went there on your snowman.

I don't know.

That was a snow woman then.

Are there snow women?

They're the ones without dicks.

Oh, got it.

So if you see a snowman out there that doesn't have some sort of appendage down there.

Yeah, it's a very rare.

All right.

That's very rare.

Yeah.

All right, guys, I'm about to close the floor for questions .

So get them in before I close.

All right.

Before I melt, Jesus.

Yeah.

All right.

Here we go.

And I've closed the floor for questions.

No more questions.

Oh, man.

Reggie, you had some?

Yeah, it's okay.

Okay.

All right, guys, we're going to have to vote.

Reggie, you've been very vocal about how the choice is clear.

It leads me to infer that it's one of the original two scenarios.

But which one do you like to pick?

I would like to, today, I would like to go for the second option.

And that would be the Wes Anderson.

Yes.

And I think every time you have sex.

Yes.

Why is that?

Because I just think, you know, there would be a lot of like crocheted things, a lot of wood glue smells.

A lot of handmade art.

A lot of hot and like Etsy, basically like Etsy on steroids .

And I think that's a cozy feeling.

And I think macrame is awesome and I love noodle paintings.

And you're comfortable with the world scene you have sex every single time that you do it.

I'm inspired by so much comfort and kind of a 67, 70s past iche kind of pleasantness, kind of with a drab flat color scheme.

I think that sex is pretty, pretty interesting.

And it would probably be scored with a really exciting 60s, you know, British invasion song.

Yeah, like whimsical and quirky.

Yeah.

You know, the splash of mystery.

You'd probably come off pretty good, even though people are seeing your butt.

Yeah, even though they're seeing the butt up and down, like a do.

Really so you, that's your style?

Yeah, I just, I just, you lift your butt up and down.

I just lift my butt up and down.

Just the butt.

But you leave your penis where it is?

I completely leave it where it is.

Yeah, I have.

Yeah, well, I'm able to extend my penis and retract it.

I see.

So the tip is always inside, but your butt goes up and down .

Always relative.

It doesn't move because turns out women do not like that in and out thing.

No.

They just like it just static, but they like to know that the butt is moving.

Yeah.

That's why a carrot dick is great for women.

Why is that frost?

It starts out small and pointy.

It just gets bigger and better as it goes in.

You don't have to be in and out.

It's just one slow in.

Yeah.

If you can make the in last for like a half hour, women love that.

Yeah, cone dicks, or that's the way.

Yeah, if you humans can get a cone dick going.

Again, I apologize to everyone.

All right, Billy, how do you like to vote out of all the four of these?

Which, which, well, I'm actually going to go with number one, I think.

Number one, the giving a presidential concession speech before every meal.

Yeah.

Why is that?

I like to start everything I do with an apology.

I want everyone to feel bad for me when the meal starts.

I want to get everyone on my side.

It's like a play for sympathy.

Okay.

You know, so before we start eating, as soon as the meal starts, everyone's like, guys, having a bad day.

Mm-hmm.

I just want everyone to feel really bad for me.

By the way, this also counts.

You didn't know one asked about it, but it counts, you know , in sex before you eat.

You know, you know, the other your partners.

Your partner's genital.

So what the?

Oh, I see what your saying.

Your partner's genital.

Yeah.

And that sucks for me because then I have to give a concession speech to Gene Hack.

Right.

But it still doesn't affect- That's a whole other layer too.

Does it affect his bottom status though?

If you're giving a concession speech- A concession speech?

Gene Hack may take what he can get from me at this point.

Let's be honest.

Okay, interesting.

All right.

So now we move to Frosty.

How do you like to vote?

What's a hackman?

It's- Man, a hacks?

No, it's not a man who goes around hacking things to death.

Okay.

Well, I can't be the presidential thing because I'm a snow man.

Snowman can't be president.

You're not eligible, although you were born in the United States.

That is true.

What was the second one?

Wes Anderson, I want to go with that because I'm a big East Anderson fan or what a- Okay.

Tell it what annoying him.

We also- Okay, so your choices now are either the- Tyler Durden type split personality with an Olsen twin or the propeller.

With the- And both these choices have licorice, as I remember.

Sure.

One the licorice is imaginary in the Olsen twin one.

Yeah.

But you have the sensation of eating licorice in that.

Like I taste it.

You taste it when it's true that.

Yeah, but it's phantom licorice.

That's going to be it.

What?

Tasting the licorice?

Yeah.

Even though it's fake, even though you could eat real licor ice with the propeller?

Yeah, but that's only one chin strap and it's done.

And my hat flies away and I can't go up in the atmosphere and freeze myself till next time.

But you're not going to go up in the atmosphere in the other scenario.

You're just going to constantly be eating licorice until you melt away.

That's true.

My life is so sad.

All right, well, let's tally up the points here.

Reggie, you picked the Wes Anderson with your butt going up and down.

Yep.

That's right.

In this scenario, people really enjoy seeing this before every movie they ever see.

And you become a big star.

And anytime you walk down the street, you walk away from people, people say, look, that's Reggie's butt.

So you're a big star.

So you get.

But star.

Yeah, it seems to me like you get 35 points for that.

So you're so far you're in the lead.

Billy, what do you remind me?

What'd you pick?

You picked up a presidential...

Excuse me.

Concessions.

Number one, concession speech.

Concession speech, which does not affect your Hackman.

And you have sex with Gene Hackman.

I guess.

I got to get points for that.

So that's some bonus points there.

So it looks to me like you get 3,473,682.

That's a snub.

Really you think you should have gotten more for that?

Maybe.

It's okay.

All right.

So you're in the lead at this point.

Frosty.

Just so I know.

What's the points with Billy?

Okay.

Billy has 3,473,682 points.

Reggie has 35.

All in five.

You love that number.

Why do you love that number?

That's my lucky number.

Really?

Yeah.

A lot of people's lucky number like seven or four.

Mine just happens to be 3,473,682.

Wow.

That's great.

That's amazing that he would get that number.

I know.

That's why we get.

That's why we get it.

Wow.

Okay.

Well, you picked the Tyler Durden Olsen Twin where you're constantly gnawing on licorice, even though it's fake in your mind.

Yes.

You feel that- It's like a matrix.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Like the eating licorice.

And that's a really good answer because you got 3,473,681 points.

Just shy of your lucky number.

Oh.

My liver just melted.

Oh no.

How does that affect you?

It's fucking me up.

You're going to the liver failure?

I'm going in the liver failure.

Oh my gosh.

Okay.

Well, Billy, you're a winner.

Quick play the wood.

You're out there.

Oh, what did you play?

Oh.

We have to get you to- We need ice cubes.

You need ice cubes?

Ha!

Such a such a time.

Ha.

All right.

That's how we play.

Would you rather- Ha.

Boy, you are not looking good for us here.

I'm so sorry.

All right.

Quickly, let's do plugs here.

Let's try to get some plugs out of you.

It is time for plugs.

Here we go.

Blah, blah, blah, blah.

Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Interesting.

That is Amyman Plug by Underscores are Good.

And between every word of that title, there is an underscore.

So underscores are good with Amyman Plug.

Interesting.

Good plug theme.

If you have a plug theme, please send it over to yourwolf.

com under the Comedy Bang-Bag message boards and the appropriate threads.

And you can be famous for a week.

And what do we have to plug here?

Billy, of course we have Billy on the street.

Oh yeah.

With the great theme song.

Great theme song.

Man, that's bad.

That's bad.

It's bad.

Yeah, Billy on the street.

Friday night, 10-9th central on Fuse.

You can go to billyontastreet.com and see a lot of clips from the show.

Mm-hmm.

Reggie, you were raising your hand?

No, I was just giving him the horns.

Yeah, you like that show, Billy, on the street?

Well, you weren't here when we were discussing it.

That's really good.

Yeah, it's great.

He's never seen it.

I've never seen it.

I'm just trying to have, and I'm stopping into that version of myself.

And he's like, tell him it's good.

Yeah, so Gene Siskel came to me in a dream and said that.

Gene Siskel, really?

That's right.

A lot like Gene Hackney.

You got a lot of genes in your life.

Oh, yeah, that's a good kid.

Designer genes.

This is a good taste.

Reggie, what do you like to plug?

I like to the World Children's Health Fund.

Great.

And I have some things coming up as well.

We've got jash.com coming out.

Jash.com, check out that.

Jash.

That's the launches in March.

launches very soon in March.

So you have a lot of videos you're making and stuff like that.

We're working hard on videos.

We're good.

That's you and Michael Sarah and Sarah Silverman and Tim and Eric.

That's right.

Yeah, great.

Yeah, and so, yeah, we filmed something yesterday, so we know it's real now.

Great.

Okay.

That's great.

So go check out jash.com and where can people get your tour dates and all that?

The tour dots, they can get it on ReggieWatts.com.

Oh, love it.

And what do we have, Frosty?

What do you...

Oh my God, this is not good.

My throat is melted away.

Gosh, can you get any plugs out before you die?

It's not better to come.

Really?

That's the one thing you want to say before you die.

It's not better to come.

What is at mapesser.com?

Why do you like it so much?

Wow.

Look at...

It's not death rattle.

It sounded like a laugh, but it was definitely...

Improv for humans.

Oh, great podcast.

I don't know why you're plugging it, but...

Wow.

And those were his final words.

Billy's dead.

Hi.

I really didn't care for him.

That's all right.

What do I want to plug?

Well, go head on over to earwolf.com and check out our T- shirts for sale and some of our old tour shows and guys, that's it.

That's been our show and Reggie, do you want to do a song to take us out here?

Yeah, let's do one.

Yeah.

All right, guys.

We will see you next week and this is Reggie, Reginald Watts.

And we...

Hey, hey, hey, hey.

Sorry.

Hey, hey.

One, two, three.

Exciting.

One, two, three.

Exciting.

I'm going to do a song to tell you how to sing.

I said to watch my show, right now, it's actually right here on Wolf of Ear Network.

Let's hear that earwolf tag.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockermann.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.com.

The Wolf Dead.
