He plays Jeff Green on curb your enthusiasm plus he has his own podcast on the earwolf network by the way Yes, Jeff Garland is here. He'll be here all show and I'm sure nothing else could happen in the middle of it to spoil that all of that More all on today's I When life hands you lemons make a lemon reduction sauce It goes exquisitely with poultry or fish welcome to comedy bang bang ah Great catchphrase. Thank you so much L club sodas over the head What a great screen name to L club sodas over the head when life hands you lemons make a lemon reduction sauce Welcome to comedy bang bang for a Thursday. This is one of those weeks. We're doing two shows this week Hope you enjoyed the Billy Eichner show this week That was a fun one and we're doing a special Thursday show here today, and it is my pleasure to Welcome our guest for the entire hour. We're gonna get into it We are going to peel back the layers of this onion if you know what I mean, and we're gonna find out about all about what makes him tick What makes him talk?

You know just everything we're first we're gonna find out what makes him tick then talk Please welcome you know from curb your enthusiasm You know from his own podcast here on the earwolf network, which we will talk about entitled by the way, please welcome Jeff Garland Hi Jeff hi Scott, how are you you were sitting there very silently and patiently, but I'm a listener That's true. You're at you're a patient listener Yeah, but then once if something gets me excited I completely switch gears and go the other direction you want to talk over I actually just had to sounds like you switch gears Lena Dunham is my guest on the episode that comes out there Yeah, and I talked to her the other day, and I was just so excited about Talking to her and what we were talking about that I don't think she spoke much and I don't know if she was bored enough But I know I texted her a short time later to tell her I also Would love to listen and I paid attention to what we were saying and I reminded her about things we were talking about that So nice. Yeah, you do that with your wife as well. Do you like text her like hey?

I was listening to you no no I I would never make that mistake Well two things with my wife number one I listened to everything she says and I actually Don't mind listening. I enjoy listening to her and secondly rarely do I get excited about a topic?

We're talking about Because even if it's my kids, it's like stuff of like I almost want to say to her Hobby something else. This is not that you know, you're obsessing really so your wife tends to obsess over your kids And you just let them be if to be honest Yes, I mean not that I'm not a concerned parent and I mean I'm madly in love with I have two boys 12 and 16 But I think that and I'm not gonna say women because I've seen it in Men, but I think the primary caretaker the one who spends the most time with the children Sometimes with school issues. It's always school stuff. Mm- hmm. They tend to say they you know, I mean they're mainly at school Yeah, they're at school, but I'm saying they just obsess about really little things things that Parents didn't used to obsess about when I was a kid, you know, like what let's get into this when I was a kid Chunk and how things are different. I don't have that and I refuse to if you introduce Something I'm talking about in a hack need way. I'm not gonna shut down I'm sorry. I didn't mean to know I've already shut down. We 're moving on. I do want to know though Because I don't have kids Well, we've talked about children human beings. What else is there? Let's see What else is there other than human beings to talk about talk about anything you want to talk about I?

Gotta tell you something. Yeah, I like a good chair. Yeah.

Yeah, I have not been sitting in a good chair recently I have to say really back. Oh, no, no, you sit in a bad chair screws up your whole life Yeah, your whole life life. Yeah, that's the thing people don't take into account when they offer you a chair They're not thinking about your life. They're thinking about all right. He just needs to sit screw him Yeah, exactly. Oh, this guy needs to sit is what they say.

Oh, okay Let's give him a chair by the way is there anything easier comedically to do than sarcasm No, no because I'm always explaining my sons. They'll do like the reverse. I'll say I love you hate you too, dad I'm like no, no, they don't do that very often because they 've been trained but It is a sense of like, you know, people aren't funny. That 's what they go to I think it's difficult because it's very difficult to Take something and then figure out what is its opposite and then say that thing So difficult that was just sarcasm right there. I know it's but by the way if you're a professional You can be sarcastic and be very funny sure but most people are not funny and most people will go to sarcasm And it's generally people I don't like like I gotta say that if you Work with me or spend time with me and you're sarcastic. I don't like you. Yeah What about your what about your kids though because it sounds from what you know, they're for they're rarely sarcastic. Yeah, but they've been trained Are they funny or they being there hysterical? Yeah, don't even for example my older boy recently 16 from what I've 16 About two weeks ago order Chinese food went to the door the guy You know delivery guy ring rang the bell went to the door on my way to the door my son said dad Now's your time to shine That's great funny last summer my younger son whispered in my ear My Christmas miracle Come on, that's great stuff. That's what wait. Is that sarc asm though? Yeah, no because if I was counting on being a Christmas miracle Or I was it's more of a non-sequel also interestingly word ed sarcasm is okay as well You know, I mean like but that's clever even if you want to put that in sarcasm You got to really be clever, but sarcasm is so easy to do.

Yeah, but yet we all do it. Yeah, we all do it The other person feels stupid, but see now that's the thing . It's like when you're Really cynical and you're really sarcastic people you're talking to don't feel good about themselves. You know, I saw Jerry Lewis the other night was I telling you about this or no?

Okay, so I saw Jerry Lewis because I would have jumped on that and went oh no tell them talk about it Because Jerry Lewis is always a big bowl of gold he I saw him speak the other night and at one point he said You know, I'm not a negative person and and everyone in the audience laughed at that because he's so negative And he's just the one where he told the interview interviewer that that I'm gonna take questions from the audience basically Because what I want you my friend Hadrian was was the the moderator. Oh, is your friend?

That was the moderator and he was he was so looking forward to this He adores Jerry Lewis and by the way if Jerry Lewis is people or anything here this I've not talked to Hadrian about this So this is not the official position of him or anything like this It was just merely my perception of watching the show and I felt bad for him because Jerry Lewis after Three questions four questions just said First of all, he cut him down said hey tell you what why don't we start over and you stay outside?

Just like and then he says look You know sometimes this happens where I'm not really connecting with an interviewer And I think they're not asking the right questions So what I love to do is just do a Q&A and you can just kind of step aside And it was the meanest thing sit up there the whole time Yeah, he made him sit up there and he he was like well Can I ask a follow-up question and Jerry Lewis is like oh sure and then the minute he asks a follow-up question He says that's not important. Let's move on. Oh my god. It was it was but I know somebody who was it was there and said The questions weren't good He may have been too nerdy about you like he's yeah That's what I heard he's super into Jerry as a filmmaker So he got he got very nerdy about certain things that Jerry look Jerry Lewis does not want to talk about being a filmmaker anymore He's an 89 year old man. He's not a filmmaker And by the way if you want to hear Jerry Lewis talk about being a filmmaker get the book the total filmmaker Yeah, which is which is as they say in Sweden a gem. Yeah, which is I have a hard cover Hadrian's favorite book and which is why he was excited to speak to as a filmmaker Jerry Lewis is not interested in being He's 89 years old. He's 89. He just wants to sit there and talk about how great he is and how He makes noises his noises. He does them at will he does them. Yeah, I know at one point He was like someone asked about the king of comedy and he says I really wanted to do that to show How great Bobby could be you know, that's why I did that film because people didn't know how great Bobby was and so De Niro. Yeah, come on. You didn't he jumped on board to make to make De Niro look yeah, the guy who was just in raging bull Anyone in an Academy Award for the godfather bar, too Yeah, dude, you were you were of Bob Einstein on the show if you ever had him on the show, I would love to I love him I think I'm gonna have him. I was just thinking yesterday.

I gotta have him as a guest on your show and my show He has got great stories. He's got the as a matter of fact unequivocally. He has the best stories of anyone I've ever met He's so oh people know him as super Dave Osborne back in the day. I know he's on four cows or on curb. Yeah But he went to see Jerry Lewis and all of them tell the story if he's on my show Somehow Jerry Lewis took somebody's clothing and then never returned it Like he said, I'll give it to you after the show and after the show he had left with it I don't remember the exact details, but it was awesome sounds funny I like it. Who did you get to know first? Did you get to know Bob Einstein first or Albert Einstein first?

I and some people may think I'm being facetious, but Albert Brooks's original name is Albert Einstein Yeah, that's then his born name because and they are brothers. Yeah, they're the Einstein brothers and there's also a cliff Einstein There might be another brother too. I don't think so maybe not but um I met who'd I meet for I think I met uh Bob first Through the shell or yeah through no i'm Yes through the show. We became close through the show.

That's true. Okay. I had auditioned numerous times For one of the super Dave shows that were really the USA network and I almost got this part And what part was it? I couldn't tell you but whatever it was but whenever I talk about with Bob he gets pain I wish you would have gotten it. Oh my let me tell you something Oh, we would add so much fun. That's a good impression.

Thank you. Who else do you do impressions of?

I actually see and I do uh Bob Einstein and Adam West I've heard your Adam West. I love it. Let's hear it and Richard kind. Oh, okay. Those are those are my three I've never heard a Richard kind of I so let's do let and and a bernie brostein esque voice, right?

Okay, so let's do let's do a meeting of all three of them.

Okay, and bernie. Take you to the palms. Okay, listen to me Richard. Yes Yes, mr. brostein's ghost Listen to me, Richard and listen good No matter what you're doing hollywood, they're gonna fuck you. They're gonna fuck you. Just know that Listen I have got the rights to the name the tony randal show I love for you to star in it. Oh my god. That would be so exciting We're using tony's name for name recognition, but i've also I've hired two other actors to play with you. I Richard meet Adam West Oh my god Adam West I love you Adam West Thank you very much Richard. I so appreciate it. I brought with I brought I brought with me my good friend bob Einstein Richard listen to me listen Bernie brostein's a ghost get out of here I didn't oh my god. I didn't I caught him. I see this is terrible. This is the longest uninterrupted streak of Characters but let me tell you something. They're all the only voices I do and um they're all kind of similar voices with with Kind of different vowels and like with Richard kind you're sticking out your Listen to me and listen good He sounds like your Bernie brostein That loves me. That sounds like Bernie brostein. It does but with just you're doing your john a different way I'm always fascinated by Let me see if I turn this into Richard time so i'm doing this and then i'm i've listened to me And it's not just the same for it stop it your Adam West though sounds unlike the other three Well, let me just say that the hours I spent at 20th century fox in the mid 60s while he was filming or I should say All right, rule number one of impressions you can't talk about yourself with the third person But you know you say that and that would be a really funny Way to go about impression worst impression No, do I just do Adam West again?

So I remember when he first came to hollywood He was a scared young actor My bobby dinner impression. Yeah, you're talking to him You're talking to him. Yeah, we'll be right back now Jeff tell us about Curb your enthusiasm you're you're off now. Yes, you uh, i 'm a busy young girl Just made a movie. Yeah, that's right. Tell me about that the movie is called dealing with idiots. It comes out in may It's about two theaters theaters and pay per view say vod everything yep It's uh the good people at ifc Paid for the movie fantastic and it's about uh youth baseball parents. Oh, that's it. We like saw or baseball little league Yeah, well, but you know what little league you can't say well we can say we're just you know But I can't say it promoting it because little league is an actual Specific organization, right? There's lots of youth league baseballs, right, you know and um So I am throughout the movie the number of times someone said little league and we had to go cut Oh, is it impr- is it an impr- Probably that's great. Did you write a like a treatment for it? Yeah, like it's about uh 25 pages. Oh cool Um and it comes out in may who's in the cast all right? All right. I'm gonna just say the names You know who you know you don't know who you don't know all right jb smooth no him Bob hoden kirk no him Fred willard no him um uh jinigurshan no her timothy elephant no uh richard kind no um um um kara kenny no um um neavartalus no him um um Uh, this is a great game. No, I'm or don't yeah, no, I'm so far. I'm uh 100% If you can't do that you'd know everybody you know trust me uh dave sharroden. Oh no, I'm okay Um my perfect streak in no mez no him wow. I'm good at this . Yeah. I'm trust trying to go through jamey gertz no him um Yeah, but it's an I'm like the best at this game that has ever been ever I can't believe it. I should go I should go pro. Yeah, this is amazing. Yeah, well that sounds like a good movie and you're in it as well or did you yes I directed it directed it yes. Mm-hmm. Wow and uh It comes out with uh peter murietta. Would you take 12 pages? He took 13 or no we wrote it together It's a story. It's fun. Um and so so tell me about curb because you're in the middle of it You probably don't or sick of talking about this is not gonna be back is it not coming back No, no right now. I'd say it's a decent chance. We're gonna come back. Yeah, we have fun doing it and larry enjoys it So why not but he hasn't called me to say hey, we're coming back as soon as you get that called You have like caller ID. It says larry david and you're like this is it I have caller ID But I don't say this is it because we talk other than that what if every time Every time larry called me you would never call me get if I every time I have to like this Is there something good?

Tell me something you tell me something I want to hear what have you had a special number that he called you from that that was the one That was the one that we're back the carphone larry and I answered the phone that way hello larry david Ant harry it this next to you. It appears to me that chief oh, hara and and harry it are missing So help me riddler if you have caused them how would the r iddler know to kidnap and harry it?

You know she's just an old woman going about her business.

She's a rich lady That's true and she lives with her. She's bruce waines and harry it and bruce is a an notorious bachelor in the goth Which is why and harry it was brought into that show, you know is so that it would kind of lessen down Don't down the gay almost sexuality. Yeah, exactly like it.

Was that really why yeah was that harry and ever in the compound?

No, she doesn't exist in the comics But but to me Having an old Spinser old spencer makes it more gay from the standpoint.

That's the kind of woman a gay man would live with That's what i'm saying But that's not what they just want some female energy in there like it's not just like a gay free-for-all happening House if like he lived in the back of a lingerie shop. Yeah , then you got something hey This is a show. I think you and me need to go splits fill on this. I guess what it's gonna be called What's that back of a lingerie show?

Great title to guys do a podcast from the back of a linger ie. That's right I'll write 13 pages if you write 12 and by the way, here's what here's what it would be I can even give you a scene from it. Let's do okay Um, did you order the teddies?

Oh, no, we just do the podcast back here. We're not in charge of the uh, you know the the supply of the show So you just denied me. So yeah, exactly a good show. It would be that's my specialty is doing no nobody teddies Teddy's do women wear teddies anymore? I don't know that they do Hey, honey. I bought a nice teddy. Yes, the term is so goofy Um speaking of goofy. Yeah, uh, I don't know. I have no follow up. That's not a transitional thing No, sometimes I launch into a transition that I have no way out of it speaking a goofy How did how did you get into comedy?

Oh my god But that's why I like my podcast and I assume I would like your podcast if I ever listened to it That's right. You're on it once before at a great time said you loved it. I never spoke again But I was not like I'm gonna pursue you to come on your show of course not of course And so this is the first time you've asked me since I was on true is that possible?

If you like maybe there was one where you were out of there might have been one where I was out of town Might have but still how many years ago did I do it? Uh, two maybe something like that?

Okay, what should have been on at least six times Really? You actually to be honest?

Every two months. No, that's the answer. I don't even like coming on shows really you're nice enough to be here I appreciate it. No, by the way, I dig you so much. That's why I'm doing the earwool my show with the earwool festival But um, let's talk about your show because people maybe people don't even know about it I can't fathom that people wouldn't know about it. Oh f athom my friend fathom away But it's a great show that we were we were lucky enough to work with you on and and these are a series of conversations that you've been having at the largo theater Yes, I'll by the way in conversation with Jeff garland And um, I've been recording these for like a year and we've been talking for like a long time about it nine ten months Possibly doing this possibly doing this and boy. I was a slow jumper honor slow burn, but we're happy you're here I was just thinking about different with but I like the idea that people download it for free That makes me happy and that I can share these with people.

It's it's fun It's a really interesting show. The very first one is so great. Uh, it came out two weeks ago with larry david The aforementioned larry david. It's such a great conversation and today the one with lina donham comes out Uh from hbos girls. Jeff tweedy in two weeks. It's every two weeks from wilco Yeah, and who are some of the other people that you have coming up?

I was about to go into a fake list and you know what? I'm a little bit tired I was gonna start with ben verine the cast of charlotte sw ab Naomi odenkirk. It's really Naomi odenkirk. That is a get Talk often on the record Just get her Uh, let's see here. Uh michael moor jot apatow Sarah soma man Who else Michirwitz Henry ron's is a great one The reason he was a great guest on my show was the comparing contrast with my life and his life Awesome everything he said opened me up for something funny It was like actually of all the shows i've recorded that one was the most softballs Pitched to me boom hit this one out boom hit this one out I mean just his life of the way he the as a punk rocker traveling around the world He's eaten rat Like with with with the band no he he ate rat The band no one does not know he hasn't gotten to yet he's chasing him. That's a movie that's coming out He's chasing a member of rat Um, no with with some tribe in africa. He ate was a delic acy and he ate rat and just that alone Wow, he's like the anthony bordane of punk rock If you think he'd like to be described that way. I don't think he knows who anthony He probably doesn't know anthony bordane is you know, I hate celebrity chefs. It's going on record. Yeah, and You do you mean they should stay in the back with their mon ogrammed outfit and have the music Have the food come out faster because every time they're asking you how your food is Somebody's in the kitchen doesn't know a recipe things are moving slower You know and then and then if you buy some chance get the food when he's out with you You can't eat no no no, but then he comes back out and apologizes why it's not good. Oh, yeah So just stay in the back, but you'll allow him the monogram As long as he stays in back and i'll have to look at it.

Okay good I don't even want him to have a monogram. I don't think it 's a big deal. I don't know I think that's pretentious, but then you're putting the companies that monogram Chef out fits out of business. I guess you're right. God. I 've never thought about that small business owners Yeah, some guy who's only some guy who just prays for a new celebrity chef All right, jeff, I want everyone to listen to your show by the way in conversation with jeff garland new episode today Subscribe to it. There's really good larry dave. It's already up. You can get that one and and elina came out today and uh, yeah It's a really great show. I'm so I don't know who's coming out after jeff tweedy. I'm not sure Well, we'll figure out the order and my live show, which is already sold out. I don't know why i'm plugging it But will ferrell i'm about to record. Oh really and that's here in town here in town Do you know what the date the date is?

This is a pre-plug everyone the plug bag by the way we left it open on uh on monday show We left the plug bag open. So this is what happens here.

Are you ready for this? No, it's already sold out But the next one's not sold out. It's the last monday of the month. I don't know the exact date Okay, so uh the last monday of every month of january is will ferrell February i've not announced yet and i'm gonna do it on your show. Oh exclusive. This is exclusive everyone here We go aziz and sorry what yes, v aziz. I'm sorry. Yes, ask him about the monday Jens if you could what's the money? Oh, he'll know what that means. Okay, I will But you know I there's so much I want to talk to him about not in terms of how did you start all that but this guy is The nattiest dresser. Yeah, he is a dandy. Do you know what that means? Yeah, he's a He's a typical renaissance dandy and I just I am not understanding where it came from I don't understand why there's always a have a Interesting woman on his arm doesn't have to be beautiful But you know if there's a woman on his arm she would be interesting Maybe he starts to live with someone like aunt here a her iot, you know Um, all right jeff let us take up just literally now by the way I know you're gonna take a break. Yes, but I will only be thinking as a of aziz and sorry living with Especially not his ad heriot, but the one from that show.

Yeah. Yeah, all right Let's take a break when we come back. We'll have more jeff garland and only jeff garland I promise there will be no interruptions of any kind we'll be right back after this comedy by me Comedy by me we are back here with jeff garland from kerb your enthusiasm Do you like when people say enthusiasm instead of enthusiasm? No one does say that except you but i've been enjoying it so much It's the english way of saying enthusiasm. I enjoy it very much. What if it was what if the word uh Laboratory was in there as well. It could be kerb your lav atory or a lavatory No, sorry. Let's start. We're really kerb your lavatory.

Let me just tell you something I really don't feel that funny today. It happens But that that kerb your lavatory or whatever is about as unfunny as anything Said to me come on. No, there's you gotta back me up. I am in awe of the unfunnyness of that That's a kerb. You're how do you say enthusiasm the way you 've been saying enthusiasm?

Yeah, I think that's funny. That's funny, but uh, yeah, bor atry not funny because I just think the idea of a show is a lesson by the way Lavortory you're trying enthusiasm very subtle. I don't know I think that the idea of a show where someone is being asked to not have their bathroom You know is interesting to be why are you digging a bigger hole? I love holes. This is your show. I'm the shy alaboo for podcasting All right. Uh, all right. We do have to yes my um That's weird I don't know why that was I don't know what that was either but you With the lights did you see the lights? What's how the lights what?

All right, scott Hey scott, what the hell is this you the lights on just went off my mouth?

Well, the lights went out. I know we're in the dark. Should I be scared now? Hold on scott. What's going on?

Wait a minute. I know who this is jeff. Do you know who this is? Hi everybody. It's me fuel houser Oh my god. Oh To be right here where you are. That's the ghost of fuel h ouser. Yeah, okay for listeners of the show who don't know what's going on We've had fuel houser on the show for for three years now over three years. He's back. Gosh one of america's favorite people to have on this show and uh, uh, fuel I I You passed away about a month ago. Well, you would not believe the adventure that we've been on Since we left this mortal coil. Oh my gosh. So you are the ghost of fuel houser or you're the If you have to put it that way, that's accurate enough Uh-huh. I mean you'd have to get into spectral analysis and multiple universes I don't care to hoot for that nanny. So I'll just tell you is that i'm here And boy oh boy have I seen some amazing things. Oh my god.

He will welcome to the show I thought we'd never see you again. Well, you're not seeing me per se what your what your Experience and is just sort of me within you Within me. Oh, I'm really happy he was here because he's bringing a level of energy to the show Hertaphor unseen so far Well, I have traveled beyond what I thought was the scope of human kind Since I left this universe the first thing I did was I walked up over Mount Shasta and into Oregon. Oh my gosh. You left calif ornia There is a hereafter I mean it involves other parts of this all of this Mount Shasta specifically and it just keeps going all the way up into the cascade range and they have their own lives up there And boy oh boy. It is an amazing part of even a bigger gold than california's gold That is so strange for me because uh by the way jeff if you 've been listening to the show, which I know you have not Uh, fuel here has never been outside of california So this is this is incredible to me to hear News that you have left california and been to other places . Well, sure. Well, yeah I went up to the crab nebula and I just asked them what what season the crabs are in What did they say to that and well, they're wondering anybody to answer the question So you just put it out there. I've been traveling the known multiverses just asking Just figuring things out and you know what I found out sc ott is sometimes it's the question itself Which is the answer? Hmm. What do you mean by that? Well, I don't know. Maybe it's some horseshit. I just might uh Please heal now when heal curses on the show by the way, it 's uh because he's remembering something in his past Do you remember everything he had a troubled childhood?

Well, sure Let's just say that the the veil of my has been lifted And I see and perceive in a way that only the ancient masters have before oh my gosh So you see everything that's before you everything all my mistakes everything we did right everything that was just plain fun Well, I would imagine most of your life was fun sure what sticks out the most is probably when we went down to the cracker factory And watch when they pour the salt on wait, that's the thing in your life. That was the most fun Second scott Until you've done it you don't know the hours that I spent at this at the at the cracker factory Don't even get me started. Okay. All right. So I'm with you on this. Please enough of the quest Trust me trust me. I'm sitting in the dark. Let's just accept whatever he says as the truth I know you're a journalist I am. I'm I'm I'm like a the wtf of podcasters. I'm like a podcasting journalist All right, you're so wait, you're the pot that is a you're a Hold on a second. That looks like a dog eating its own tail Now here's well if you turn on the lights jeff well sure, but if you want to turn on real damn Okay, I want to see you. I just know you can't see me. I can give you some smoke and maybe a little bit of wiggle But nothing much. Well, I'd like a little bit of well I'm not real if if I turn the lights on poof the illusions gone. Okay. Keep it. Keep it Hey, come on. You'll you've never treated me like this on the show. Well, you know what?

I'm not stuck down in a dumb old body now either. So things are going to change If you think it's boring to put salt on a cracker, let me tell you I've seen some exciting things in my life I pushed drug dealers out of helicopters with Pablo Escobar . What I've lived a thousand There's another multiverse where I destroyed the planet Venus And the most interesting thing I've seen Is just getting those little crystals right there on that little cracker bread interesting It is pretty fascinating and can I also say jack I have uh been divinis I don't miss it. Hmm. Yeah. Well, no, it was just kind of there real cloudy. We didn't get too many good shots Yeah, luckily I did get to bring the camera crew. Well, we were trying to film it and I got angry. I just went bam Yeah, but there's a whole that's a whole different universe . It sucks. Anyway, different hulaverse We talked about the different hula versus out there We did that and that was almost just a flight of fancy or predictive You thought it was but it actually now that you're seeing that it actually is true Well, what it turns out is that there's these inflection points in all of our lives in that they're just sort of always there Sure, and so when you're looking out at the far far distant stuff out there the stars It's almost the same as what's inside and a little tiny little Parts that are rolling around inside yet. Wow. Can I also just be blunt? Mm-hmm I have no idea what he's saying. Oh, I it's opening on my mind. Jeff. You really? Yeah, you gotta open yourself up to it I want to ask you live here in california, don't you? I live here in the california area. Yes Now so you're like I was just a few weeks ago and I thought all this is all there is to it But let me let you know there's more out there Yeah, you've destroyed a planet in an alternative universe And I feel fine and here I am just sitting here eating an ear of corn Just having a good old time. So they have corn where you're at. Is that a ghost ear of corn or is that a real one?

Well, yeah, well, you have access to all kinds of stuff. I got butter, but it's made ectoplasm Oh, yeah, like what was on slimer?

Yep And you know there's a there's a there's a really mean intellectual and i've been cruising around with him too Oh, I think I know who you're talking about. Do you is he with you right now?

Well, no, but I could pull him up if you need yeah, can we talk to him for a second?

Hold on second christopher hitchens. Where are you at?

I'm I'm not I'm not physically here on the spectral plane nor am I in reality I'm being conjured as a sort of comical scenario Uh by an actor who's dallying with powers. Who knows not how to handle. Hello mr. Hitchens This is scott ockerman of comedy bang bang you fuck all of you I know but uh, I'm here with jeff garland of curb your enthusiasm hold on chris It's christopher. Thank you. I would do not call you at least your house has got energy Well, that's what i'm saying. We got energy here. So where do you live in california jeff here in the southern calif ornia You live in the southern california area boy. Oh boy. Well, I've been all over the place I got I was then palm springs. I was in sanamonica But I didn't know until recently I went 10 000 feet underneath the crust of the earth right here in california And what did you find? I traced the sanandras fault straight down into hell Wait is hell is in the center of the earth?

Unnope, it's it's a 10 000 feet under it's just right under california just 10 000 feet Yep. Oh my gosh So what you do is you take you take uh you take high weight 10 Out towards needles and then you make a left of 29 palms and then you go downwards Down into the bowels of hell itself for about 10 000 feet and it's just right there That's incredible. What do you see?

You see me sam hopping around only 10 000 feet Well, that's it's doesn't seem that far down. It's just Underneath our crust. That's what the center of the earth is too hot even for the devil What i'm talking about is just a little magma shelf That's incredible and i'm i'm fascinated that you'll see me sam is hopping around. Oh, what did he ever do?

He's down there honking and swearing that's what he did he did have a lot of guns You know that he was firing. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, and you'll notice you'll notice We're entering a stage where maybe the mirens were right And maybe this has a consciousness that's opening itself up . Here's what i want to say sure go ahead I never watched him on pure. I'm sorry. I never watched you Untellable. Oh, that's just dumb to hear but i'm just going boy I always thought you were stupid and now you come out with something like that You never once watched the fucking show you you it was on twice a night. Okay. That being said All right finish your piece. I'll let you finish your piece sitting in the dark I'm getting a great deal of enjoyment moron You come on man. Come on. I like to keep a nice clean show where people enjoy. I think there's a righteous amount of Ignition if christ can clear out the temple from the money changers. I can talk about my fucking show I want to know you'll why do you care you've you've passed on 30 earth years into that goddamn show And it was on twice a night and you were here in southern california moron jeff For the past 18 years 18 years. I was on the air the entire time Except for one six months when I took off to have a little vacation our legacy is important to you in the afterlife Well, so you know what when you put it that way, I guess it doesn't matter much a hoot You know, I never watched your show either. How you doing?

I'm great and I could give a crap if you watch my all right Well, that's gonna be I'm still here on this plane yet I'm enlightened and lighten enough to be good with you not watching my show and maybe that's partly why I'm had to come back and learn This lesson then what if I told you this is why that's how enlightened I am. I knew why you come became interesting I've not been scared. I've let I've let it and also can I add I let this moment come naturally I didn't force it early on you could have showed up and I said you'll Don't worry about your legacy. You almost let me discover it myself here. I did let you discover jeff hold on a second. I'm having a hard time curbing my enthusiasm because that is just some spectacular Showmanship right there. You lured me in and we got an old fight. I talked about you semi-zam It was like I was just firing off But well you were almost my best friend like a like a yogi Just sitting there thumping me on the head and then that turns out. That's what I need it Thank you so much, jeff. That was incredible. How did you know how to do that? How did you look at him and you're asking me to question things?

I shouldn't be questioning. Oh, yeah, you're right. The g osh. That's incredible. You don't forget I do transit on a meditation twice a day TM twice a day really You do transcendental meditation twice a day But you don't have any time to watch California's gold come on Back to this isn't I'm not angry. I'm just pointing out how unimportant my programs were California's gold Visiting California's gold coast. Cool. Just plain. You I had show any shows coming out of my fucking ass You know, I guess that's this world this world is Temporary imperfect in that way. Well, I knew any idiot knows it's temporary farm. Oh hell. I've been to not's b erry farm I went down there just to have a strawberry jam. Yeah, good fried chicken good strawberry jam here The fried chicken down. I've had the I've had the fried chicken at monazoom was revenge I went all the way down to the snoopy snow cone ride Where have you when you go down there? I haven't been down there in years. I don't really eat that stuff anymore Well, it's right down there in Anaheim, California You see medieval times and you just get right off that five freeway right there at brain divista And here we are and if you could get a shot of it, this is a roller coaster. That's just a loop All right, how much money would it take? I know you're in another land, but let me ask you a question I can't sometimes I'm just recalling adventures. I'm coming and going Come back to us. Come back to us I want to know how much what it would take to get you to turn off the lights at medieval times When it's sold out and just talk to everybody Oh, that would be fun. I would love that Who gives a and but when that turn it on all the nights are dead and there's gas and all the people are dead And we're just killing folks. He'll it sounds like you were going folks Those two words do not go together. Oh, just one is so violent and the other is so gentle literally folksy and like folksy just slaughtering folks like there was little piggies slaughtering folks again the same combination He will it seems to me like you're drunk with some sort of afterlife power here you would nap Hule wow, what is that?

Every time you you've been on the show you've been a nice gentle man who you know undoubtedly has some kind of Problems happening underneath the surface that sometimes would bubble up to the surface you would Occasionally turn into a crow bot. Oh sure. That was dumb.

That was just desperate. How many state fairs have you been to?

Well boy, I've been to the state fair down in lompock when I've been to the straw berry festival in oh high I've been to the walnut festival down at the sandy angle went to these different festivals Did you wear something comfortable loose fitting? Where would you well normally what my outfit is is some tan pants Some good old hacking boots maybe a yellow shirt or a white shirt or a Hawaiian shirt something nice and loose not to something How isery? Yeah, not too tight. What are you wearing in the afterlife now?

Is it the what we all expected? Is it the white robe and the harp and the well?

There's uh, there's harps, but they're too big to play nobody knows how to play them. That doesn't sound great Why would it well they start teaching people how to play harp so when they die they're not just sitting there So you think down on earth here's all this infrastructure in heaven and there's no one trained to do it right?

Okay, so you you're suggesting more harp this I'm wearing mock moccasants. They're really fake moccasants . Yeah, they're made of they're made of soy Oh Interesting. Where'd you find those? What town in calif ornia?

In moccasant shot. Well, they were in big bear at the vegan ranch up in big bear california Oh, I love that place Well, is there anything you can tell us about the afterlife anything we should look out for?

No, no, nothing I can tell you you are We did you hear me? I can't really explain nothing. I'm in this herd exactly what he said. Did you hear some what he said was enjoy?

Pottery is wonderful. Huh? Okay. Well, that's valid. That's perfectly valid Well, what I would say to anybody out there is that it's coming no matter what and in some way looking at it I you're already dead. I guess so and I am still in this some way There's not much different between being alive and being dead. We just get chopped up and putting a different piles We get chopped up after we die. Well, you either get ripped apart by crows or worms come in and tag you to death folks get slaughtered sure whatever it is, but then you come back and now you're a different thing and that just keeps happening What about our loved ones? I mean, you know, jeff has a wife. I have a wife. Oh, they scoot They scoot real far down the shoot pretty fast. Really you never talked to them Have you ever been to a water park like a water world like raging waters? No, I never go there I said water world raging water is this for pussies. You've never been to raging waters On the set of water world I know well, no, I never knew Kevin Costner. No, but I'm from Orange County, California Well, what we did was we went down to his compound and we just tried to film it But all we got was some tall shrubs Someone I'm sorry You know, have you ever interviewed some tall shrubs? No, but I want to say something When costner first built the place he said tall shrubs or short shrubs. I said tall shrubs are more remember ones.

Yeah What was the question? What did we ask?

Well, you were asking about loved ones or something. What I 'm saying is it's almost just like Every once in a while you're alive and then you spend most of the time dead But when you're dead, it's even better than when you're alive Even though you don't have loved ones because you're everything And so when you get when you get that chance you're like do you want to be a part of the milky way galaxy?

Blinking at itself over the course of 10,000 light years.

Yeah, or do you want to be oh?

Here's your sister sal you're gonna push her down Like you would be in water world whoo right down a slide and you're never gonna hear from him again I want to know are you gonna be able to come back to the show then or now you're everything? No, this is it I'm shoving off this I just wanted to come back almost as a just to wrap things up Yeah, that's not even fair what i've been saying so far.

This is a transmission. I'm actually this is not me This is you recorded this a month ago. Did you not?

I did in a way. Is it a patient of what we'd ask you?

Well, yeah, I've just recorded one last final freaky thing and you knew what we were gonna say to you Well, what I am is an impression. That's what it is and it 's kind of dumb And I would wait a minute. What do you mean? You're an impression. I'm not here You may this isn't happening. But what what I mean to ask you though is what do you mean when you're an impression like Someone doing you oh, yeah Oh, I'm oh, I'm I'm almost like i'm creeped into some and i 'm losing track of where i've been because I'm not real Have you ever been fake?

I don't know. I guess I I've always assumed that i'm real but maybe when I die i'll find out i'm an impression that you are a story that's being whispered By our galaxy to the andromeda galaxy just tickling at each other And it's a little story between stars that they share with each other Right before both galaxies crash into each other and create a permanent black hole vortex that sucks our universe inside of itself But it's just pretty for now. That is that is incredible.

Well, he will thank you for So i'm not coming back i'm cutting my strings. You want to come with me jeff?

No, I've noticed how to go with you. Come go go with it. It would be so much more interesting if you just hold hands go into the lights It's like peter pan except you don't come back. I'm not going with you. This is an amazing opportunity to jump Scott hold my hand. Let's do come on. You ever I don't think i'm going with you Well, I need you much to achieve and show business. I need somebody to come with me or i really lose out Wait, look who just walked in the room Who's this? It's Adam Yeah, take out a quest with you I've always enjoyed your work in the California Area, I gotta tell you I live in In the bat cave up in Griffith park. Well, i've been there.

That was my character Batman, but what I mean to say is let's go into the light Together holding hands and janetalia. Oh my gosh. This is his well. All right. I don't know if i'm i'm not going to go for the full All right, you can imagine what you will Oh my god. They're holding hands now the reason now i'm picturing the penguin taking over if I leave town I cannot go I'm so sorry Robin quick from my utility belt my anti-heal houserspray.

Oh my god. He took out some anti-heal houserspray Be gone. He will be gone back when sports you can Oh the fucking crowbar. Oh, no the crowbar is there. Oh my god. No Oh, no, he's Please do not attack us Oh my god I hate when that crowbar pecks at me. Well Come to think of it here. I've got to go poke out I got a long-term gig just poking at this guy Who's named pro-methius and i'm as a crowbar. I'm supposed to pack his His intestines out. Yeah forever. Oh, okay, because he brought fire to the people Oh, so you oh in that myth of prometheus you're actually the crow that's picking him out One of the things I volunteered for and you've always been that well Yeah, you have a sign up sheet when you first get to town The afterlife is kind of like a retirement home and you just kind of sign up for what you're good at So they've sheets and stuff so I said sure i'll torture the guy that brought fire to human kind Oh my gosh. I'm go easy on him Well, is there anything that that we want to say to huel as he as he leaves?

Well, you know what the huel wants to plug We'll get to the plugs. We'll get to them. Well, I mean the plug bag is still open Well, I have a lot of stuff That people should watch we'll we'll get to the plugs But I guess I just want to say thank you so much for being on the show. It's been I mean well, it was a mixed bag I'll have to say Meaning all of your appearances were mixed bag Yeah, people enjoyed them people love you there was good ones and there's bad ones and all together I'd say it was probably pointless which is pretty much the verdict on everything Just about every do you mean podcasting in general or just everything that exists?

I just know I just mean Everything in total if I sat here I sat here hunting you guys just waiting my chance And I really sat there for my interview I was I was just listening Oh, we didn't know you were here because the lights didn't go off until we came back from that one break I know how to get people's attention when I need it And he knows when to come back from a break. Oh, he's got I can see you. I've been in the dark so long I can see you clearly. Yeah, I know what can we see him though?

No, there's nothing there. Yeah, there's nothing there's a little bit of smoke Yeah, a little bit of dry ice. I told that give you yeah, I 'm a pan of dry ice There's kind of a little bit of a burning bush kind of thing too. That's and there's a soul Look at the end of the table there. There's a single raisin . Oh my oh, I wonder what what the raisin's purpose is That's crazy. Well, that's the part that's um, I'm kind of anchored to it. Oh, so is it sort of like something from the earth It's not a raisin. It's a little ghost poop Ghost duty. Yeah, so when you appeared you had to make a poop in order to be tethered to this plane Well, you know, there is an expenditure of energy and that can only happen the tiniest Expenditure of energy I've ever seen that ghost poop can be cleaned up with a little napkin Well, whoever needs to clean it up. Maybe you can step in it Maybe we could leave it here and you could return to us sometimes or do you think this is it and I well I already I don't know much else to do. I I sent a god. I'm gonna check my email Yeah, go ahead. I send a I send a bloody flaming letter to jesse vincura. I mean, I'd never see him again Well, I hope we see him again. Well, he's that I sent him to take off and you're in the enigma force five together Well now did you complete your force for?

Uh, did you complete your work with the force five? I mean come on well I'll leave that to him what he's gonna divulge it as the as the time and its fullness gets there Oh, that's such a shame. So the enigma force four that's official. Well, you know if it if it turns out that I can be conjured I'm not saying I'm gonna open all right. I say something.

Yes. Yes Why would I keep you from saying my favorite words ever is conjured Hey scott and jeff if we have a moment I'd like to take you and show you something Okay, just as a just as a thanks for being the last folks on earth that I can We're not gonna go we're not gonna go with you into the afterlife. No, no, okay We're not there's no touching. I mean, we'll all but we come with me and we'll disappear for a second And I'll show you what it's all here. Okay. Are you gonna conjure what's all there? Well here. Let's all sort of become Okay, california together And do you feel us going back over time and time?

I've never meditated like you jeff. Do you see the big dumb clock clicking as we go back in time stupid?

Is that the clock from the movie wild strawberries?

It's just classic time travel backwards. Yeah, okay, so here we are Back and back and back. Where are we and now we're at the beginning of all This is the beginning the big bang which created the cast of land of the lost over there. We saw them. Yes, we passed by Yeah, there was a big picture of burt landcaster Sure just a picture of him there was john sutter's mill and sacramino california and here we are at the Beginning of california can't get over burt landcasters picture Really threw me for a loop. Well, we've seen everything and all recorded time and someone had a picture of it Well, hold on here. This is just it. We're here at the big bang. Is that from the swimmer?

I believe it was People know no california was the first thing California was the very first thing ever invented and all the gold that exists in this universe came from california Oh, that's insane. You are in a special place And this is a special tender place where the tender children of god shall forever come To hold sikarid their lives and their deaths As they shall come and turn thank you so much for showing me this I had no idea how special it is Yeah, I want to go back. Are you bored with this eternal?

I'm going to be honest with you. I'm hoping we pass burt landcasters I want to see that again on the way back. All right. We'll make sure that we just slow down as we go back Okay, so we're going from the beginning There's the sacramento river Okay, not really what we wanted to say, but all right look it's a glacier creating the sand from sisco bane All right, all right, let's you know what we want to say look at that. There's a dinosaur eating palace verdes Oh, that's kind of interesting Look at it. Look at it. It's just smoke. Oh, that's a San Francisco fire And look at that. There's a big old picture of burt land Oh And here the children of the dams eating themselves in 20, 000 years from now I don't want to say It survived Are eating themselves and then tweeting about it. Oh my god . There's an avocado eating dog take us back And have a cuddle eating we have to go all the way back. We 're too far. So we're gonna. There's no reverse time machine We're gonna loop around Okay, we're looping back around. We're back at the time so now to be fair I got that plot device from future. I'm a witch of thinking from an old Science machine story. Oh my god. We're back. He will.

Thank you so much for taking. That was easier than it could have been Uh, thank you so much. She'll it's been a pleasure to have you on the show people love you people love your appearances I'm sorry you're gone You were you were great here in life and you're born in oct ober 18th 1945 Yep. Well, that was my human birth Yeah, but now you're and i'm gonna go back to that right now now you're everything including that crow who pokes up for me the Usa's eyes and i'm nothing at all scott you're just talking to yourself here. I know I know but hey you and jeff Can you in fact?

Only the only people who listen when they hear this who will hear my voice Are those who are already magical themselves?

Which is truly the most amazing part of california's gold congratulations. He'll thank you so much Great to be honest folks wait stick around because we're gonna do the one last thing We do the show how many good bars do I have to have to stay here stay with us?

Okay. All right. All right. We have the last thing a board crazy We have the last thing to do on the show and that is a little something that we call plugs The show is done That's all It's time to look your ships No time for friends no time Oh Oh All right, wow that was good that was a shadowy plugs from a shadowy planet by clay Thank you so much clay if you have a plugs theme and you want to hear it on the show Go head on over to earwolf.com put it in the message boards for comedy bang bang in the appropriate thread and you can be famous for clay You're only famous for half a week. This is a thursday show Normally you're famous for a week but clay hey your reign of terror begins now and ends monday Thank you so much for that clay and uh, let's uh open up the plug bag has been open. Let's open it up jeff What do you like to plug? What do you got? Plugging one thing and one thing all what is that?

My mailing list What you have so much else i want people to go to jeff gar land.com and in the bottom right corner I want them to fill out the mailing list what they'll get with that Is i will let you know about my shows at uh largo who the guest is before anyone else except if i 'm doing comedy bang bang and i've already And you've done exclusive okay and also i'm filming my next comedy special march third and fourth What at largo and one of the only ways you can go is through my mailing list I'll let everyone on my mailing list know ahead of time Will you let your mailing list know about this program that you have we're just on no No, because I probably won't write to them Uh until I put up the march show actually no i'll put it out now the the azizan sari And i'll say that i mentioned it on the show thank you so much And then i'll also talk about my special and also fbure 15 and 16 you have uh your Oh, did you even mention that?

Yeah, the i don't look enough for your ever city comedy festival Which you is a festival that you have you were michael morn i put it up. Yeah, right great festival fbure 15 and 16.

Where is that?

Traverse city michigan. All right very good. Go to jeff gar land.com get all of that info And listen to the podcast of my podcast. Yeah the uh, by the way, by the way lana donna mount today larry david Currently archived. I want to plug uh, hey tonight if you 're listening to this on thursday I'm doing a live comedy bang bang streamed at youtube.com slash vpn Uh, that is our very first kind of kick off one. Um, that is tonight at six p.m pacific nine p.m eastern Also come see me in vancouver the vancouver comedy festival february I believe ninth and uh analyze fish fans we recorded a new episode that came out last week A lot of you maybe don't even know this but me and haris w ittles recorded a new episode And that came out uh last week along with paul if tompkins and howard cramer so uh, and that is where they do the analyze fish Where they talk about the movie jaws. So that's a really special one. So go check that out and fuel This is your last opportunity to plug anything you want well I could plug everything that has ever been or ever will be Mm-hmm, but maybe i'll just leave it at this and say it's been a fun ride And the ride's gonna keep on going it keeps on going for everyone Well kind of except you experience an incredible amount of pain and then you're and then you don't get to enjoy anything Oh, this sounds terrible. Have you ever yeah, you're such a happy happy guy You've presented so much negative information Hey, that's the afterlife. It's not him. Well, that's I wouldn't put that on me I'd put that on the jack that's been playing me all day. I 'm putting it on you. Is there a god I have forgot to ask you is there an actual god?

There's a god, but he's kind of he doesn't do much He's kind of started it all and then he's like a deadbeat god. So he's just abandoned the world Yeah, he lives over in pasadina Where it all be that house that he inherited. Oh gosh. All right. Well, thanks so much and nothing Like I would like to make a plug I have a new book that will be available In print It is a posthumous release. It is not being written by me in the afterlife It is called false hula g debunking the legacy of hula hula hula and califold is fool's gold No, don't don't sign me up. Sign me up. That's fair. Let's stand. All right. All right. Well, we'll disagree scott All right. All right. Let's close up the old plug bag Yeah He's called the bobbi mcfaren singers Ken marino and uh kasey wilson and adam palley uh closing up the plug bag which we forgot to do on monday And so many plugs got out. It was like ghostbusters when all the ghosts get out. Oh my god. It was terrible Oh, no, I didn't mean to I actually listened and I went to tushini eastern You heard yeah, you heard all about him. All right guys.
