Not only did he star in the comedy he actually is a comedian Tim Heidecker is with us all our plus Bill Cosby Kowski drops by for a visit and Paul Rust is here with some brand new new no-no's all of that more all on today's A's If you can't stand a heat you shouldn't have murdered so many cats Grandma welcome to comedy bang bang if you can't stand the heat you shouldn't have murdered keep it up there So many cats grandma that's right that comes to us from tickle list tickle list. Thank you so much for that catch phrase tickle list Another fine catchphrase put into the comedy bang bang cannon cannon. Oh my gosh. What happened to me there?

Doing a live show getting nervous my throat's closing up.

Thank you very much. You can put that back Hello Scott Ockerman here with comedy bang bang for another week and we have a very special show There's a lot of cameras here in the studio right now cameras. I should say We're doing we're actually you may be listening to this In your ear holes, but through your eye holes. You can also watch this. We're actually recording this right now with several cameras and we're live streaming it as we do it and Then you can also watch it at youtube.com slash VPN where it will be archived But you can also just we're doing the podcast part of it look watch it listen to it whatever way you want I don't care. You know as long as you watch it my You know my checkbook's gonna be fine. All right, so All right now that we got that cleared up. I should say Hollywood nights Just established that Hollywood nights great, okay moving on Let's see. We have a great fantastic show today We have first of all I want to we'll get to our main Superstar guest here in a second if that's okay Well, you can you hang out just for a second is that okay before we introduce you?

I would love to introduce my co-host first. I'm cool. You 're good. Okay, great. So Turning our attention from our main guest to the co-host He's a fan favorite here on the show. He was a big part of the best of episode He is back for some more new no-no's which we will get to a little later in the program But he's here with me all day. What is stronger than iron?

It is rust of course. It's Paul rust here. Oh, thank you Scott Thank you for having me on the show. You know, you know, I love this podcast, man You know normally I do sort of more political stuff social cultural social social social social Sure, so you'll cultural social political but and you you traffic more in the The sillies the mundane. Yeah, and I you know, it's fun to come in and goof around with you Sure, you know, like dip down to our level for a minute.

Yeah, right right right. I You know my philosophy Scott, you know, I don't know that I do know it. I think anything can be funny You know, I think comedy You know when I when I when something scares me, yes That's what I know. It's gonna be funniest. Oh, okay there.

Yeah. Wow. You are really crazy. Please. It's okay But do you really need to be messing with your phone? I have to stay connected during the hour. Oh, okay Please don't eat that into the microphone. What are you?

What are you eating there?

I'm doing these are wasabi pieces hot wasabi peas hot was abi. Please you're dry. I'm sorry I haven't had time to eat it. I've been too busy, but these I'm obsessed with these I'm absolutely You have you haven't had time to eat them. You've been too busy. Well, I haven't had time to eat dinner So I have to eat now. Oh, okay I was thinking that you have this this can of wasabi peas on you all day Just looking at them like oh, I wish I had no time I've been snacking all day because I've been traveling up from Anna I'm wait if you've been snacky all day. Why not?

Anna knows what's that why not snack on those I have been but I'm saying I'm obsessed with these and I can't stop eating I'm so I'm putting them down. All right. We're very spicy too. I haven't gotten you usually kind of acclimate your mouth to the spice But every single pee that you take everyone is like a deb ursed of spice and it's just a very hot very spicy But I'm addicted and I love them turn those turn those right to the camera Maybe we can get some sort of life thing Do you have wasabi peas are called and they're actually was abi coated green peas are dried just dried peas wasabi on them Okay, great. We'll introduce you in a second. Thank you so much I apologize for the noise But I think it might be something you're gonna have to live with because I'm not I'm gonna eventually I'm gonna get the hankering for more of these wasabi peas And it's gonna cause a little bit I think your audience can can endure a little bit of that Maybe I mean here's a suggestion if you get that hankering Maybe you could just put the mic away put the mic aside for a second and not crunch right into it Back here with our co-host Paul Russ you say that you uh whenever you're scared of something you you prefer to die Excuse me. I got the wasabi in the back of the throat. Sure . That's okay But again, you don't have to do it right into the mic sorry about that. Yeah, I mean just yeah If there's spontaneous cough so I can't we don't have a cough button unfortunately like a modern I understand what I'm trying to tell you is I can't anticipate the cough. It's a completely spontaneous cough Your cough just comes out and you have no ideas coming It's not a cool cough. It's a second to one second. I don't have to I wish I had that luxury. Okay Turning back to him. I would be pissed, but I am such a huge fan of yours, man I mean the stuff you and eric do it says it's crazy man.

You guys get wild Used to What do you smoke you guys must no no no no do you no because I watch your stuff man I'm just like these guys are on a no different planet than I was a long time ago Because I you know I look to the streets For my humor and I guess these guys look to the stars Just a different dimension. I guess yeah interesting the contrast big fan though. Yeah, you a fan of Paul's no Oh, you gotta pick up a couple of my albums man. Absolutely . I'm always interested in hearing you so I just don't know your stuff I got an album. I think you'd really like it's a live album . I see dumb people. Okay Does that face on the sixth sense? I Did that come out before no it came out in 1997 so it was a couple of years I think m night actually was a fan of my stuff and sort of tipped his hat a little bit with his movie and um I love it when someone tips their hat a little bit And he wears an actual hat. Yeah, a lot of people don't know that about m night by the way. We'll get to introducing you Uh, he wears a just a beautiful fedora. It's with a wide floppy brim You know and it's a floppy sun hat. Yeah, and it's sort of like, you know, sam reime He wears a suit when he directs a film He just likes to wear that because you know a lot of people don't know he's allergic to the sun Which is why he comes up with so many, you know, really weird ideas So let me get this straight m night is scared of the sun Yes, and he's not named m night either. He named himself out of the thing he loves If you see what I see Johnny apple seed Yeah, exactly Johnny apple seed loved apple seeds so much he hated apple trees But he loved the seeds and he hated guys named johnny That's true. It's the ultimate irony So that and that's what m night loves to do is you know the uh the the yin and the yang of of of a name johnny He hates johnny's he loves apple seeds Uh em night loves night. He hates shamalans. Hey, can I just say though?

Please say anything, you know, you might lose some listeners some viewers with this But I think johnny apple seed is just another example of american myth I would tend to agree with you paul. I think it's time we demystify. Hey, let's some of these myths Yeah, come on. Let's bring them down, you know, give me a myth scott. Uh, okay paul bunion Um, nobody could ever be that big I never thought about it that way. You're right. Mm-hmm.

You're absolutely right. It's so funny how we have this collective Uh, lie going on that paul bunion was so big. He had oh sure he had a big blue ox now that i'm saying it out loud It doesn't make any sense. Hey. Oh my god. We're here with paul rust the entire time I'm sorry get ready for some demystification throughout this hour. Okay. We'll look forward to that and you have some new no-nos coming up Definitely. Okay. Oh, yes. Yes I don't get it But we will be uh back with new no-nos and we'll have a bill kosby Bukowski our old friend will be here with us, but let's get to her main get you you spill a little something on you do you need a napkin or No, you don't have to be sorry for me. It's just water.

Okay. Good. It just it'll fade. Uh, let's get to you You know him from paul talked about it. Uh, he does stuff with eric. He did this thing called tom goes in the mayor for uh Comedy central nark cartoon nuke nork Cartoon nuke work Uh, and then he he remained on cartoon nuke work and did uh , tim and eric awesome show comma was in great job. Yes exclamation point Tim heidegger's thank you very much for having me. I'm glad it could work out and I'm glad I was Thank you so much for fitting us into what you are telling me is a busy schedule. Yes You you came in here. You're just like busy busy busy. I am busy. I apologize I'm I'm sorry. I hate to be one of these guys. I'm constantly looking at my phone because I don't know if you have this square app Where square app where your um, you can monitor purchases.

Oh, no, I don't have that. No. Oh, yeah, who's purchases?

Um, well, I should say I'm no longer doing comedy Uh, and I'm no longer in the entertainment industry in the sense that I'm a performer and a writer and that sort of thing. Oh my gosh I have just become a Season amazing opportunity about three months ago. I became a full-time member of the band the who and their traveling team Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on hold on hold on the who the who you're not just talking about like who I'm talking about my generation I'm talking about Tommy. I'm talking about quadrifenia. I am the senior or the vice president of alternative merchand ising And it's it's really uh, you know, they're obviously they 're merchandising presence. Yeah, hold on one second. Tim I thought you said you joined the who you know, I've joined the who family there the organization. Yeah, okay You're an employee of the who I am part of the yes. That's correct. Okay. So you're not a band member No, I know you do music well as I'd say it earlier. I'm not no longer performing in any kind of way I'm oh, well you said you didn't do comedy But as far as I remember the who is not known for comedy So you can see where I would make that kind of mistake my apologies I don't think anybody would jump to that conclusion that I 'm suddenly in the who as some kind of performing I don't know. Yeah with both of us. Maybe we're a little nutty Maybe a little crazy. Well then easy to clarify my my please my job title is vice president of alternative merch andising for the who vice president of alternative merchandising we are currently on tour We're doing the quadrifenia tour right now. We're in Anaheim and coming up to la very cool Monday, so this Monday this Monday. So today when the podcast comes out so people can come to the who tonight And I will be yes, I should be by the uh, not with us There's the main merch table and we're off to the side and when you say alternative merchandising what exactly does that mean?

I mean, I know for instance when I go see a band I love to get a t-shirt You know because I could then I can say hey, I was there that show I was there They won't let me get near the t-shirts or any kind of the mugs or the t the leather jackets They have a lot of mugs and uh, they have some mugs some pins and things like that sure Um, I did I love to get a mug, you know in the morning just to prove to my wife. I was there Well, I'm drinking my coffee first of all It's cool and you go to the main merch table is because they have a number of items But they also have a computer terminal and you can order hundreds of things right from the who website I see and get it delivered to you so you don't have to carry around a bunch of junk. Oh, okay So what but I've done is I've I sort of took it on my own I developed a couple of key products that are not your typical merchant. That's why we call them alternative All right, okay, so I brought you something. I don't know you can use it if you want or we can talk about I figure since we're on video You'd see it. Uh, it's a john end whistle And it's uh, it's just so it's a train whistle As you can see john's a base player was a base player's passed on but sure um, I imagine you still a base player up there in heaven playing, you know next to uh, jimmy henryx and eight off hitler And this is a beautiful wood home, uh, you know handcrafted wood train whistle And um, it's signed by the remaining members of the who you can see that Oh my god. Can I do?

I see that a golf tree and p towns and both sign that I used to be a signature authentic authenticator. Mm-hmm. I never knew how to pronounce who I was doing it It was terrible people had asked me what I did and I was like, I'm a uh, signature authentic Carter, um, they would correct me. No, this is the real deal But this is the real deal. Yeah, it's cool too because it's a whistle and it sort of sounds like a base It's not like a sounds exactly like a base. Yeah, this is like bores the spider here and bores the spider opening notes and a lot of people criticize me because they say no this is a really taking advantage of john, um john edwisto has passed on he must have signed off on these though before he died. Well, he does was a blanket agreement. He made many years ago with a who that lets them license his name and for a salad for a i'm sure they gave him a comfortable life. We split the profits. We don't have to do this, but we split the profits uh, he his the edwisto foundation base cares gets base cares 20 percent. Yeah, okay, and uh base cares that's a play on I don't need any play on anything. It's just that he's just that he had a base and he cares about he has he has he set up an organization in I guess the early 90s and and it's to further the further the actor in the way. Yeah, sort of when he he had the time money to do it, but it sort of advances the uh, the base guitar in music and it 's sort of there's you know, there's a base camp something because a lot of kids they grow up and they want to play the regular guitar and they think that's sexy, but he had an organization you're saying to get more people to play the base. I never met the man ever spoke with him. I don't really understand all the details of it, but as far as I know, are you a fan by the way of the who? Uh, no, I was never really a fan of the music. I love the movie Tommy show in the runway play in the merch. I'm always a you love the themes of Tommy because there as far as I remember Tommy had music just jam-packed in there pretty much almost 100 percent. I like the acting. I like Roger Dalton. Roger Dalton tree sort of was always my sort of hero and growing up and I was an actor. Yeah, I was resented Pete Townsend. I always thought that Roger Dalton should be more of a not not necessarily just as I thought it should be Roger's man and he should be writing more of the songs and what not because I felt the songs were a little too personal and I prefer more more of just yeah, just like hey look at flowers. Yeah, you must have some crazy stories. I mean you must have rubbed elbows with these guys backstage. Well, I got to tell you Roger and I clicked and about you know, so so Roger and I spent a lot of time together. We developed the Dahl tree seeds that we're selling as well. Dahl tree seeds. What exactly are those?

Are you familiar with the Dahl tree?

The there's a Dahl tree? It's a pine and usually found. I can't say that I am. It's not very popular.

It's not a North American tree. It's a European tree. It's a fur but it's a D. A. H. L.

Dahl tree. So we're sending it. We're selling these seed packets, the Dahl tree seedlings.

So we were talking about John the apple seed. From what I heard of the Dahl tree seed got around a lot in the 60s. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

I'll tell you what Roger has a terrific sense of humor. He 's a lot of fun to hang out with.

We spend a lot of time together. Really? How much time?

Well, you seem very busy. You'd barely have time to snack. He's always creeping around. He's always by my merch table wondering how are we doing. That's why I got that he keeps texting me saying where are we at with sales and everything on the end. How are the sales and whistle? Well, we've been on the road for about three weeks now and we've sold. Yeah. Could you check on your phone? You know, we still want a night at this stage because they're not, you know, first of all, our booth isn 't set up not very close to where the main merch table is. Where's the set up? And the price point's not really feasible for most people.

Where's the thing set up and how much do you charge for these? We're set up by the, well, just in another zone that's not necessarily close to where we're at. Are you inside the actual arena? Absolutely not. Okay. We're not technically not allowed to. And how much do one of these run?

Those are $600. $600. Yes. We had to, we had to rise that, you know, eventually we'd like to mass produce these, but unfortunately we're making these one at a time. Are you carving these by hand?

I am carving them by hand, yes. Wait. So, okay. How is Roger Daltrey always hanging around the merch table if it's not even in the stadium? Well, it's set up close to where the buses are in the back. Oh, okay. Okay. All right. So it's, what is it like right outside the bus or something?

Well, no one's allowed back there, normally. No, that's why it's a little complicated because I walk around with flyers. And if you're interested in the whistle, I'd take a demo and out with me.

Okay. And if you're interested in it. You just blown around going, anybody who?

And yelling the price. $600. This is my trick. I don't tell them the price.

And most of it, you know, that's an old rock and roll trick . Don't tell them all the details.

So you get them back. Most people say that's not for me, but everyone's, you know, once a show usually once a choice a show, we get somebody that that that feels bad. And I have the they have their credit card. It feels bad. I think they feel bad because it's it's clearly the only thing I got going right now. Oh, really? So well, does anyone recognize you from the, it's an older crowd. Right. Yeah. No, you did kind of kind of a young show. So no one recognizes you. How can they tell you have nothing else? I mean, didn't you, didn't you put any money away from the, from the shows? I mean, yes, but not very much. I mean, not enough to live off for more than maybe a week. Wow. So how much money are you making with the who organization?

I'm on commission commission. Wow. Just like the commission .

But that's great. Cause I got to hang this. When he acted on that show, he was, he did it all on commission. I get to hang with Roger and I get to make my whistles and I just kind of lead, lead a simple life. Yeah. And as long as Pete doesn't find out that I'm still kind of involved, we are good to go. That's the problem. So Pete, did you piss off Pete somehow? Does he not approve of this product? I told Pete the first time I met him, I said, I don't care for you and I don't care for the music that you write. Why did you lead with that? Or was that based on something he said to you?

You know, I speak my mind as you know, I'm sorry to talk to bounce back from that. I'm a creative guy. So I am used to being honest and upfront with people.

Well, you've taken criticism in your own work. Absolutely. Do people ever come up to you and say , Hey, Tim, I hated, hated your shows, hated everything you ever did? No, it's not, not, not, not in that way. Online, of course, they do.

People show me all the time. But you try to be the same person online that you are in person.

Correct. We've talked about this a lot before. And it's gotten into a lot of trouble.

I get in so much trouble, guys, from my, from people who've come up to me.

And they're like, why do you insist on pushing the line?

Yes, pushing the line and and straddling buttons. Well, let me just finish this story because I told this. Oh, I didn't know you weren't finished. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. See, I, I had assumed I started up that new story because I thought that story had concluded. No, I will get to the end of your story, by the way, because I know there's much more to it. So in your world that Pete Townsend just accepts that criticism for me and walks away. I mean, that doesn't, no, that's not the Pete Townsend I know.

You're right. He's one of the bad boys of rock and roll. As far as I'm concerned, he takes a swing at you, right? No, he doesn't, but he looks me right in the eye and he comes up close and says, if I ever see you backstage in one of my shows again, I'm going to kick your ass. Wow. Okay.

Do you think he's on the truth? Roger has my back and I walked away. Did that cause any, any friction between Roger and, and, uh, Roger told me much later, a couple days later, he said, that doesn't sound like much later, by the way. He said, you put me in a very uncomfortable situation, but he, but he didn't mind, but he, you're still friends. He's, he's a very forgiving guy. He's a good friend. And he said, I don't want you ever to do that again. And steer clear me. Wait, he said, he said, steer clear of me. Yeah. Wait, so you're not friends anymore then?

Not. I mean, he respects me and I respect him. And I know not to go. Wait, does he know you're on the, on the tour? So in merch? Yes. And, uh, he says, uh, he says, if I see you, when there's the last thing he said to me, I was leaving Anaheim. I said, he said , I see you with those fucking whistles.

I'm gonna have your head. I'm a sea for you. Oh, my gosh.

Wow. This is crazy. This is a crazy story to him. I don't mean to laugh, but oh my God. And it must be heartbreaking because it's from a band whose music you're not a big fan of. Let's kill you.

Wow. So I wonder why you're, why you're doing this at all. You're not selling whistles. You hate the music. The band members won't talk to you. What is happening in your life, Tim? Uh, you know, I don't think of, I don't think about it too much until I come on these kind of podcasts. You start talking about it. Yeah, then I realize it doesn't make a lot of sense. It's like talking about Paul Bunyan. It doesn't make any sense anymore.

Yeah. I get so wrapped up in my own head that I'm driving around thinking that things are going to change. And that was, if I could just get Roger down and buy him a nice Italian dinner here and does he have some sort of restraining order against you?

Some sort of quarter? He won't get near me.

He won't get near you. Are you allowed near him? No, because of the law, because of the courts.

The court, yeah. Right. Okay. I wish him the best of his listening. I wish him the best. And I wish the whole band the best. I don't think he's listening.

But okay. Well, wow. What an interesting story. Tim Heidegger is here. Any more to that? Or are you done? Can we get to the end of Paul's story? Please go ahead. Okay, Paul, let's hear the end of that story. I say get away.

All right. So anyway, let's take a break when we come back.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang more Tim Heidegger more Paul Rust and Bill Cosby Bukowski will be here right after this.

Start the clock. Comedy bang bang. We are back here with Tim Heidegger Paul Rust. Yes. Yes. The bad boys of comedy. The baddest. The baddest of boys. You guys have a lot in common. We do. I can't think of one thing. Well, you're men. We both dare to tell the truth in our comedy. We have an obliquing eye towards. I feel a little guilty that I was so elusive of the truth during my segment.

Yeah, you think you're elusive? Well, just because you play fast and loose with the truth doesn't mean you shine a light and you don't shine a light on it, Tim. That's right. I guess.

I don't know. I just I feel like a waste. Oh, come on, Tim.

You're a soucier, man. People love you on the show. You're a fan fan. You hold a mirror up to society. I mean, sure it's a fun house mirror, but you hold up a mirror. Sure. And sometimes the light in that mirror is going to reflect back on you and go off your glasses and blind you, you know, but hey, come on. Well, call me. You're at the fun house. Yeah. It's fun to be at the fun house. It's in the title. Come on, Tim. Write me and find out a way to buy John Antwhistle Wh istle on and I can sell direct until I get until he tell me. How much money have you dumped into this? All of it. All of your money.

At 600 apiece, how many whistles do you have? 600 whistles.

600 whistles. That sounds to me like it's about $36,000 times two. How are we doing? I think you did this to me before. It costs twice as much to make than it than I sell it for. What? That is a bad business model. Why does it cost twice as much to make than as what you sell it for? Because I'm not very good at making the whistle. So I end up usually making two or three. This is a bad business model. You have to stop.

Just throw them out. Throw them out. I'll stop doing it. I 'll just stop doing it. Yeah, I will return to comedy. I mean, I get it, man. You're in this rock and roll world. It's very, he's not in the world. I mean, for me, my comedy is a little like rock and roll. So I'm in it.

24 seven. I don't know about that. All right. We have to get to our next guest.

The rock and roll comedy. Who's sitting here for quite a while? Oh, we have to get to our guests.

Is that his microphone on or does he just need to be closer to it? Hello. Oh, there we are.

Bill Cosby, Bukowski. Everybody. It's me. Bill Cosby, Buk owski, live feed. Here we go.

Thanks for having that long conversation in front of my face while I was here. Would you provide me to get it behind your back? No, I'm glad to get to my face. Well, there you go.

There you go. Welcome to the show, Bill. I got my Capri Sun and I'm happy and it's time to go.

We're sponsored by Capri Sun today. That's right as well as the hobby piece. Yes. And arrowhead water.

Arrowhead. Get your arrowhead on. It's the West Coast answer to Poland Springs.

If people don't know what Bill Cosby, Bukowski is, I admit I'm a little confused as well.

What? Oh, he's doing this every time. This is fun for no one except for you.

He's a cross between Bill Cosby and Charles Bukowski, I guess.

Oh, no. I feel like that labels me.

What I am is Bill Cosby, Bukowski, but children are Theo and Rudy and Raven's Mode.

He is. And Jim Heidegger. And I'm just a big fan of...

These all things Bill Cosby. All things Cliff Huxstable.

Cliff Huxstable.

All things Charles Bukowski.

Charles Bukowski. I like to beat.

We're men. Just kidding. I love everyone. I would never...

Why would I say that? It's a live feed.

All kinds of stuff incriminating myself all over the internet. This is great.

You're wearing a jaunty hat that just fell off of your head .

No! Headphones and hats. They're kind of the same.

They do different things but they're on your face.

So you fucked. Try and squeeze. Oh, you're cute. Look at this cute little cute.

Tickle tickle tickle, Paul Rust tickle.

There's no no no that says you can't tickle Paul Rust.

Uh-uh, it's true. Maybe he's in the right one.

I don't know. I like to tickle Paul Rust.

I love that. So Bill Cosby.

Judge Exhibit A, I'm not resisting.

Tim, what do you think about Bill Cosby and Bukowski?

Have you met each other?

No, I'm not interested in any of that.

You're not interested in what he's doing right now?

Oh, you're not interested in what I'm doing right now because it's pretty fucking special and I'm really fucked up. Oh yeah.

You don't like that?

I'm just... my head's in a different place than comedy right now.

So I don't want to bring everybody down.

I'm not sure why you decided to appear on this show though, Tim.

If your head's in a different place.

Well, you wanted to promote Crow Show.

You wanted to promote Crow Show because you're not interested.

No, I don't want to promote that show.

I'm sitting here writing priorities.

So figure out what to do, get it together, and I wrote down, call a friend to ask for a friend.

What did you do?

For money.

Yeah.

Call it.

Those are my friends.

That's what I'm...

Figure out what to do, get it together, call a friend and ask for money.

That's what I got to do probably tonight.

Okay, this is a little reminder for yourself.

That's right.

All right.

What friend do you usually call for money?

I'll probably call my dad or somebody like that.

Okay.

Does your dad helped you out a lot in the past?

Not to date.

He keeps saying me it's my problem.

You're an adult.

Fix it yourself.

Yet he's your first call.

I call him in case he ever changes mine and in case for somehow reason he's always been joking about it, joking around about it.

Yeah.

Anyways.

Sure.

Well, let's get back to Bill Cosby because he's...

It was a great dynamic before I showed up.

No.

It's really sad, man.

You're bumming everyone up.

I came in with great energy.

We're here.

I mean, that's why we have you on the show, Bill, because ...

Because I'm pure fun.

I got a little bit of the PT, Barnum.

That's right.

Never let him see you sweat.

Yep.

That's right.

Exactly.

Maybe I should let things go for the rest of the show.

I'm just going to enjoy it.

Just let him go.

Come on.

Let's enjoy the house.

Let me deal with this later.

Hit.

Like put that in your coat.

Yeah, right there.

The next time you look in a mirror and you hold up that fun house mirror.

I'll deal with it later.

Right now, I'm fun.

I'm up. I'm up. I'm up.

Here we go.

All right, Bill.

Bill. Bill. Bill.

Bill. What do you got for us?

Bill, no, no, no.

Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill.

That's true.

Oh, I have.

I've been watching.

You're actually Bill Cosby V. Kasti.

That is true, Paul.

I've been watching a show on TV and on Comedy Central 10.30 p.m.

After Workaholics.

It's called The Crow Show and it's great.

Have you seen this?

Why you been watching that?

Have you seen The Crow Show?

I don't know.

It's this guy Nick Rold. He's really great.

What about a raffle cast?

That's another good thing.

And everything actually is on your wall.

Yeah.

And yeah, I came on here to just talk about the kind of TV I want to watch.

And that's The Crow Show.

The kind of TV you want to watch.

Okay.

That's The Crow Show, motherfucker.

Has Tag Cool.

I've never seen you promote something so heavily before.

Usually you come in.

I know.

Well, I'm just passionate about it.

I felt the same way about the Golden Girls.

You know, plants, mom, Simone, room, clan of hand.

Wanted to fuck them all in the 80s.

And I want to fuck Nick Rold.

Did you fuck any of them at the up front?

At the up front.

The NBC up front.

I got up front.

At the up front, me and Betty White.

On the driveway, it was weird.

I'm just kidding.

I love Betty White.

Life from New York.

It sounded like life.

How you doing, guys?

Well, Bill, gosh, you're saying a lot of interesting stuff here.

And, uh...

That's an, I just want to know, I, you know, 230 PST.

Sure.

I don't know if you've bought into that, but it's just...

I don't know what it is.

I, I...

I love, I'm a part of the 230 PST.

What is 230 PST?

What is this?

I'll tell you, it is so exciting.

Every once a month, the 230 PST.

Once a month, it only happens once a month.

Once a month, it's not one of these weekly daily shows.

It's a once a month experience.

Very special.

It feels it's...

Me, this guy, we have wonderful special guests like Nick K roll, Andy Richter, Joe Mandy.

Wonderful, funny people, great creative talent.

I've seen you guys tweet about this, but what do you do?

We, we get together, we experience the half hour together.

We engage in an online community, and we engage in that in a way that is exciting and fun and fresh and different, and using the technology that exists already to be a part of the community.

I've been saying this for years, the funniest show would just be comedians hanging out and talking.

Because when we get together, we see some of the funniest stuff.

We should start a show like that.

It's true.

We should do something like that.

Make another note if you could for me.

Is that real?

Yeah, just for me to start a show...

Rip us off or what?

No, just start a show with funny comedians talking to each other.

Okay.

Rip us off, rip us off.

Rip.

Call it podcasting, except for RadioLab.

They really put it together, man.

Good job.

You have a poem about RadioLab, don't you?

No, yes, it should...

Geloam.

I was...

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Yeah, that's right.

Bill Cosby does Geloam's not poem.

Yes, I don't know if you saw me at the inaugural for Barack Obama.

I didn't know you were there.

I was working.

It was.

I was the, uh, Geloet Laureate, and I, uh, I did do a poem, which I did lip sync, inspired by Beyonce three days after the inaugural, because it spoke so much crystal meth when I was there.

That a fucking fell asleep for Rip Van Winkle about a time.

We woke up with this beard.

It sounds like three days, so it just considerably shorter than Rip Van.

But go ahead.

Who knows the real story of Rip Van Winkle?

That's true.

It's another myth.

Or if it is a myth, but, uh...

I bet his beard wasn't that long.

Speaking of many...

He messed up long, but his beard wasn't that long.

Hey, man.

Speaking of myths, I gotta tell you something.

I was watching that inauguration.

That was an absolute 100% hoax.

The entire inauguration was a complete hoax.

We'll get to that, but I want to hear this Geloet.

Okay, sorry.

Here we go.

I do not believe that the inauguration happened as we saw it.

You're not going to lip sync with your brother.

This Geloet, are you going to do this live for us?

No, I'll get that lip sync.

I don't have an recording machine.

This is all you've got.

How do I know you don't have a recording machine?

I don't know.

Okay.

What was it about again?

It was about the, uh...

Oh.

Yeah.

That one.

Okay.

Barack.

Obama.

How do we love you, Barack?

Obama.

You saved the country.

I sang it.

I like you more than 230 PST.

Do I?

Almost.

No.

I like 230 PST, because it's a beautiful idea that exists in the world.

Barack Obama is the wizard of Oz.

Is the wizard, the wizard, the wizard of Oz.

Wow.

I am.

Boom.

I didn't realize you got that 230 PST plug in the inauguration.

That was really great.

I don't know how I was.

No way.

He fell asleep during the inauguration.

Well, I loved it so much and I did get really into the 230 PST from this weekend.

It was fun.

You know how to play a long at home.

Yeah.

That's great.

Listen, guys.

You know, when you put a Geloet on the spot like that, you know, he usually can deliver.

He can use.

He can usually deliver.

Because he's written so many Geloems that he could just pull red random.

I have.

I have so many Geloems that I wrote a Geloem about how many that I have.

I would love to hear that one.

All right.

Here we go.

This is Bill Cosby, Bikowski with a Geloem about how many Geloems he has.

Geloems to the left.

It's Geloems to the right of me.

Where am I?

But on a Geloem old.

I wiggle to the left and wiggle to the right.

I wiggle to the bigger, bigger, bigger, bigger, till I'm old on the mold.

And then I jump off and then I write, I write, I write with liquid Gelo on toilet paper.

That's how I write these Geloems.

Even though it was for the president Capri Sun.

There's only one.

Capri Sun.

It's great.

It's fun when the punch open one.

Wow.

And Walt Whitman.

Look out.

Weirdo.

I love that line.

And then.

Wow.

That's amazing.

Thank you so much, Bill Cosby for giving us that.

That's an incredible gift.

You're so welcome.

And I just want to say that thank you so much for having me on and honored.

And I think the future is the future is bright.

The future is bright.

Can you stick around for the future, meaning the next segment?

Of course.

Are we going to play a game?

Ah, we just may.

But tell you what, why don't we take a break first?

We will be right back with Bill Cosby.

Bukowski who's doing the Egyptian pose right now.

Paul Russ, Tim Heidecker will be right back after this with a little more Comedy Bang Bang.

Okay.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Tim Heidecker who's checking his phone.

You get any more sales?

Absolutely not. Square app is a rip off.

You have to sell something for it to work.

Well.

All right.

I'm getting a lot of cool comments on my comedy.

So pretty psyched about that.

I've Bill Cosby, Bukowski is here.

And the man of this segment, we've hyped it, we've been waiting for him to do it.

New knownos with Paul Russ.

From what I understand, Paul, you called me up a couple of days ago.

He said, hey man, are you doing a show?

You doing a live stream?

You doing a podcast?

What are you doing?

What do I say?

Scott, I am cheese.

Your cheese?

I am peeved.

I am ticked, pissed, and arnery.

All right.

Well, I love to hear what you're so cheesed off about.

We all tend to get cheesed in our lives.

But what you do is you get cheesed and you just turn that somehow.

You like comedy rumple stiltskin.

You turn that straw into gold.

I like to say a lot of people think I'm crazy, but I just show the crazy things we do.

All right.

I cannot wait.

All right.

So Paul, Russ, what do you need from us for new no-no?

I just need you to start the clock.

Oh.

Yeah.

New no-nose people.

New no-nose.

What's up with these gas prices?

Huh?

They're always fluctuating.

Some days they're up.

Some days the gas prices are down.

Hey, I got an idea.

Why don't we make the gas gas prices all the same price?

And we just pay one down payment.

Ten dollars a gallon.

New no-no.

Every gallon's ten dollars.

And wait, we buy it.

We make a down payment on them?

Hey, it's not going up.

It's not going down.

It just stays ten dollars.

But could we...

Okay.

So I get it.

Okay.

No-no.

You're not paying it.

No-no.

You're paying more now.

Okay.

New no-no.

How many you got teenagers, huh?

Oh boy.

Leo!

Hey, hey, remember when getting sent to your room?

Used to be a punishment.

Now with all these Nintendo's and TVs and guitars, it's a vacation going your room.

Hey, I got an idea.

What if the kids went to the parents' room?

No.

What if the parents went to their room?

New no-no.

Parents are going to the parents' bedroom now.

Oh, they probably just have sex in there.

Oh, run that by Claire.

I don't think they'll be popular.

New no-no.

Have you ever seen a movie and you go, yeah, I think I've seen this where before, huh?

Seen this where before?

I've seen this where before.

Sure.

I've done that.

We've all done that.

I liked the Lincoln lawyer the first time I saw it.

When it was called the Lincoln lawyer.

I saw it twice.

New no-no.

I saw Lincoln lawyer twice.

And I thought they were separate viewing experiences each time.

That's a good new no-no.

New no-no.

Here we go to a restaurant in the food they serve you.

It's boiling hot.

Burn your mouth.

You no-no.

All food should be cold now.

I like that.

Give me a big old plate of ice cold spaghetti.

Mature D.

Really, the Mature D helps you out with it?

He usually just seats you, makes sure.

New no-no.

The Mature D's serving me now.

Okay, great.

I appreciate that one.

Hey, what about these people who talk so loudly on their cell phones in public places?

I am.

They drive me nuts.

These are the people I'm talking about who cheats me off.

I got an idea.

If I can't hear the other side of your conversation, then maybe I'll just go home and imagine what that side of the conversation is.

And perform it all by myself.

You moron.

You like that?

You dumb dumb?

All right.

Nice.

You want a couple more new no-no?

Yes.

Are you that cheese to give us two more?

You want some cheese?

No cheese.

New no-no.

What's up with hand dryers, huh?

The hot air comes up up and goes down.

Why can't it come out in a little Tasmanian devil-like cycl one that I have to chase around in the bathroom to get my hand dry?

New no-no.

Hot air isn't cartoon cyclone now.

Okay.

That would be fun.

One more?

Do you have one more new no-no?

One more.

New no-no.

Teachers who assign homework on Fridays?

Mmm.

Gotta hate that.

How about this teach every bit of homework we have to do?

You have to do.

Mmm.

Okay.

Wow.

Incredible.

Wow.

Definitely don't make that one your clothes.

Uh, check my website.

Check my website.

I'm selling some uh, some of my snotty shirts.

Snotty shirts?

When you say that one?

They're my snotty shirts.

Uh, got one just in it.

No, I'm not being sarcastic.

No.

No, that's- I like that.

Maybe you could get in on this.

Maybe you could show me the square.

I don't think so.

Tim, if you want to help me out, man, you know I'm a big fan.

Maybe if you guys know, if you know a shirt distributor, you could use them for something.

Hey!

Talk right into the mic if you're going to say something back golden.

Maybe if Paul Rose, you know, knows a shirt distributor, he could get a dinner.

It could be how to make it in America, the podcast.

Yeah, I like that show.

Listen, you like this show?

Yeah, sure.

It's great.

I like it too.

Sure, why not?

That's a podcast.

Oh yeah, I like that podcast idea.

All right, guys, tell you what, let's take another break.

When we come back, we'll play a little woodger out there.

We'll be right back with Tim Heidecker, Paul Rust, and Bill Cosby Bikowski after this comedy, bang, bang.

Comedy, comedy, bang, bang.

We're right back here with Tim Heidecker.

What are you laughing at?

I'm trying to make people laugh.

I'm just saying I want to be a comedy.

You're back in comedy, okay?

I want to be back.

He's gesturing to the camera.

He's making funny faces.

Welcome back, man.

It's funny in here.

Shit, he actually did.

He actually did hit himself in the eye with his headphones.

Are you okay, Tim?

Yeah, I think I can.

Oh my God, I'm so sorry.

He was making the funniest face too.

This is the boy who never cried wolf, because he's always doing this injury thing, and then he'll spring out of it, you know?

Yeah.

Are you okay, Tim?

You okay?

Yeah, I mean, no.

Do you need to be taken to a hospital?

I don't know what to believe.

What's going on?

I know, I think it looks okay.

Okay.

All right, sorry about that, Tim.

All right, we'll try to get less sharp headphones next time .

We're here with Tim.

We're here with Bill Cosby, Bukowski, and also Paul Rust, who was just cheesed off.

Do you feel better after something like that?

I got some stuff on my chest.

I got that cheese off my chest.

Now that you've said it, you don't have any more cheese on your chest.

Do you find that you're able to forgive these people?

It's so cheesed you off?

No, I never forgive.

Not when you're this.

Say it with me, Scott.

Arnary.

Yeah, that's right.

Well, I'm trying to start that up.

That's my new, no, no.

New, new, no, no.

We can, you know, uh, forgive.

We can forgive, no, we can forgive the guy who embezzled all the money, but that doesn't, uh, we don't have to put him in charge of the locks.

Never forget.

That's right.

9-11 of embezzling birdie made off.

He was the 9-11 of embezzling.

9-11 of embezzling.

There are different cities.

Sure, but yes.

Yeah, of course.

So guys, we just, uh, we have, uh, one of our favorite features here to do on the show.

It's a little something that we call, would you rather?

Hooray.

Hold on, so down, low, down, and blow down.

That's the best elevator music I've ever heard.

Hey, Paul, would you rather feed?

All right, it's time to play, would you rather, and we all know how this is played.

People send me, would you rather scenarios?

Tim, we don't need an extra drum.

Is that that?

You're not going to be in the who.

What is an extra drum?

It's the only drum.

The who?

There's some drums in this.

The who?

Wait a minute, did you just say what I think you said?

The who?

I'm sorry I missed it the first two times.

Oh my gosh.

The who?

Good stuff.

Uh, people send me, would you rather scenarios to our Twitter account, which is at CBB-W-Y-R, and uh, I will read it out loud.

I will then open the floor for questions, and then you are free to ask any question you like about either of the scenarios.

At a certain point, and without warning, I will shut that floor down for questions.

There will be no more questions after that.

Holy shit.

Is that clear?

Yes.

There will be no warning.

Absolutely none.

All right.

This is in fact, this is your warning.

Just a heads up Scott, when I ask questions, people's feelings get hurt.

Okay.

All right, we'll be ready for that.

Just a dungeon master.

All right, so once I close the, here we go, once I close the floor for questions, there will be no more questions.

I have to do this before you do it.

I do a little, say good night, Gracie.

He's taking the John A. Whistle at his mouth like a cigar.

Wait, did you just say to call my friend, will be no more questions?

So once I close the floor for questions, you'll then vote.

And then I'll call my friend, will be more, no more questions.

He just got divorced.

He was married to will I am.

Frankly dear, I don't think I can terrible lawyer.

Frankly dear, I don't give a damn.

And it was.

All right.

So we're ready to play.

Oh, I should open up the question myself.

All right.

This comes to us from Jackie Farrell.

Jackie Farrell, if you're out there watching or listening, congratulations, aka at Bearwave.

Jackie asks, would you rather be a robot with laser fists, but no emotions?

Or a human being with a full range of emotions, but fists of bread?

I wonder if this person has problems with their emotions.

And hands.

And maybe that's why they crafted that question.

Let me read it again.

Jackie Farrell asks, would you rather be a robot with laser fists, but no emotions?

Or a human being with a full range of emotions, but fists of bread?

That is the question.

What kind of bread?

I'm sorry. I did not open the floor.

Paul Russ.

No, no, that's the new no, no.

Negative three for Paul already.

You guys are starting at zero, by the way.

Yes, yes.

Paul Russ, you're at negative three.

I'm so sorry.

Got you.

Understand.

Anyone else?

What?

Oh, what is?

Okay.

Fist made of bread.

I did not open up more for questions.

I'm so sorry.

Negative three for Bill Cosby as well.

Don't.

Okay.

Anyone else?

Hat trick.

I have no questions.

That's a good impression.

Who was that?

It's my George Williams.

Guys, I've opened the floor for questions.

Okay.

Here we go.

The floodgates.

Oh boy.

Here we go.

So many rules.

What kind of bread?

Finally.

Here we go.

Oh, I've been waiting to answer this.

Ever since you asked it the first time.

Oh man.

I couldn't contain myself.

It's a nice marbled rye.

Ooh.

Yeah.

Now.

It's fist made of...

Please clarify.

What if the question was?

Do you say that to your wife often?

Could you clarify that?

Say hey.

As I put some more clair pizzazz into that question.

Yes.

I say, can you clarify that?

Yeah.

Let me clarify.

You're either a robot with laser fists.

Okay.

But no emotions.

Or a human being.

Much like yourself.

I imagine.

I'm not quite sure what you are.

Okay.

You may be an idea.

Exactly.

We've never clarified this.

Clarify everything.

You may be a deity.

I'm not sure.

With fist made of bread.

Yeah.

Human being with a full range of emotions.

But fists made of a nice marbled rye bread.

Tim, you had a question.

You have to call me by my name is George Boynes.

All right.

George Burns.

What's your question?

I have no questions.

I'm going to answer whatever you want.

Good night, George.

I'm so sorry.

If you have no questions, you are getting docked.

That is negative.

Oh, wow.

565138.

You mean George's age?

Come on, Paul.

Watch it.

That's not nice.

I'm wired.

I'm wired to make jokes.

I'm sorry.

I know what you're saying, but that is not nice.

I really wish you would discontinue that kind of thing.

You don't want to upset our guest, George Burns.

That's a bad question.

I'm not upset.

I'm so old.

I remember when the dinosaurs were here.

In fact, you were so old.

You remember when McDonald's was now serving over two.

That's right, kid.

All right.

I have a question.

Sure.

Yes.

And we all know that you have a question from your hand.

I...

What color are the laser beams?

Yes.

He said marble.

Marble.

Marble rye.

No.

No, Paul.

Come on.

That's the bread.

The laser beams are marbled red.

Yes.

I hope the prize that this person wins provides some joy in their weird life.

Because it's the saddest question I've ever heard.

Really your choice between being a robot or a human being?

Like if you just pair it down to that, would you rather be a robot or a human being?

A human being and you could eat your fists of bread.

Bread fists would be pretty good.

But what if you eat them and then they're gone?

They're totally gone.

Well then you gotta make your hands again.

That's true.

You do get to make your hands again every morning.

That's right.

Yeah.

Get ready.

The taste of the fists of bread.

Does that mean when they're not fists?

When they're just regular hands, they're a flesh.

And it's not until you form them into fists.

Good point.

When you're just pointing at stuff, you are allowed to...

Anything less than two fingers is considered a fist.

So you can't even give a thumbs up.

That's going to turn you into loves of bread as well.

How are you feeling?

If you have two fingers extended, it's just regular hands.

Any time you get less than two though, bread, how am I going to stick with thumb in my wife's butt if I don't have thumbs?

Please clarify.

How will you do this?

I will clarify.

How will stick with thumb now at night?

We have dinner, then we chocolate cake and then we...

We dinner and then chocolate cake.

Huge.

How many slices?

Four slices?

I said...

One slice.

Four slices come up.

Shomp, shomp, shomp.

Two slice.

That's for you, Claire.

What is in chocolate cake?

It is bread and milk and eggs and flour and healthy things and the children.

And look at these.

Dad is great.

Give us the chocolate cake.

So I stick on my thumb into Claire's butt on the rags and ...

As long as you keep these hands out while you do it, I feel like these fingers rather.

Yes.

Well, I wouldn't want it to get her a yeast infection.

True.

All right.

I hope that answers your question.

I hope it clarifies.

Tim, any questions?

Of course you get a Felissa Rashad.

Felicia Rashad.

Paul just made the biggest I'm so sorry face as a high-f ived Bill Cosby Bukowski.

I've never seen that face on a person high-fiving any...

Conjectory emotions.

Oh my god.

I hope we caught that for the video.

That's a go look at the video youtube.com slash VPN.

You can check it out.

Tim, any other questions?

Check out that last time.

Check out that last...

We're considering live in a motion.

We're considering love in a motion.

Sure, yeah.

Okay.

I have my answer.

Wait, you haven't asked the question.

I'm asking you, do you consider love an emotion?

Oh, do you consider love an emotion?

I have never up to this point, but when you say it out loud, yeah, I kind of feel like love is an emotion.

Yeah.

I have my answer.

Yeah, I'm second hand emotion.

All right.

Any other questions here before the floor is closed down?

I just want to warn you, there is not going to be any warning when it's closed down.

I have one more question.

Yes.

Bill Cosby.

One more question please.

Yes, of course.

What do you call Paris Hilton in a bookstore?

That's a great question.

I don't even have the answer to that.

Peruse Hilton.

Peruse.

Oh, she's perusing.

Wow.

The books.

Sure, she never buys them.

Well, she's perusing them.

She's a dumb dumb.

Yeah.

All right, great question.

The floor is shut down for questions.

There are no more questions.

All right.

Here we go.

We're going to have to vote.

Paul, how do you like to vote?

Paul Russ, you're an interesting guy.

You're a comedian who's cheesed off occasionally.

I don't know if that's going to factor into your voting.

I normally vote libertarian.

Sure, of course, because you're a free thinker.

Gary Johnson.

I don't like people telling me what to do.

Sure.

So I guess I would say robot.

Robot with no emotions and laser fists.

Correct.

Okay.

And why is that?

You know, I'm an individual.

But have you thought about the other side of it, the human being with the bread for hands?

Well, don't you think about that?

I mean, individual with a beating heart and a sense of purpose would want to be a robot.

That's a good point.

Okay.

All right.

An interesting answer.

It's a rhetorical question.

It doesn't need an answer.

Of course.

All right.

Bill Cosby, Bukowski, how do you like to vote?

You know, Al Capone once said...

Mm.

Tragedy is easy.

Comedy is hard.

And I...

Mm-hmm.

Wise hand.

Mr. Capone.

I would say that the bread hands, that's the comedy side.

Sure.

And the laser hand robot, that's drama.

So together...

You can be on a teenager's wall.

The yang.

L.

The yang.

Yes.

So I would like to submit my vote of lasers hands.

Laser hands as well.

Oh!

Yes.

Interesting.

You both answered with...

No, no.

All right.

Tim, you're in the hole here.

I have to say, these guys are tied currently at negative three.

We haven't tallied up the points for their answers, but you're really dug a hole for yourself.

You're at negative 565138.

Tim, how do you like to answer this could make the difference in how you place?

I...

I hear you, Scott.

I tell you what's got there.

You asked me to sacrifice the love I have for Gracie, one of the greatest love of all time for me.

Understand that?

Sorry, I shouldn't be calling you, Tim.

I should be calling you George Bird.

There'd be no greater love in the world than I have for Gracie.

Gracie was...

Gracie Halle.

Look, a Gracie comes along once in a lifetime.

So if that means I gotta have the bread for the hands and what not, this and that...

Believe me, I'm old enough it don't matter.

I go to the hands with the bread and keep the emotions and the love.

Oh!

All right.

Let's tally up the points.

Here we go.

Paul and John, you were at negative three.

You voted incorrectly.

What?

So sorry.

So you are docked.

You are docked 565134 points.

So you are both at 565137 negative, by the way.

Boo-yah!

You're still both in the lead tied.

Okay.

George Burns, Tim.

Oh yeah?

Should I call it, by the way, much like Bill Cosby Bukowski , should I call you like, Tim Heidecker Burns, George?

I'm sold.

You know, I'm sold.

You might as well call me Noah.

You understand with the ark and what not.

Pretty old.

All right.

Let's see how you voted.

You voted for love.

The best reason that anyone can vote for anything.

Absolutely, Scott.

Trust me, when you're as old as me, you got certain things you need.

You got to change your own diapers.

You understand what I'm saying?

Okay.

Sure how that relates to what I was talking about, but all right.

Believe me, listen, I'm sold.

You might as well just put me in a grave and burn me for the rest of time.

I would love to do that.

I'd love to bury you alive.

Believe me, I'm, yeah, listen, you know, I'm sold.

I remember even the dinosaurs remember my name hat.

All right, well, you got two brains.

You're currently trailing.

I'm just gonna say his name.

You're currently trailing Burns, Tim.

Tim Burns, but you voted for love.

And you voted correctly.

Congratulations.

That gets you half a point.

Unfortunately, you are still at negative 565,137 and a half .

You two tied.

I don't know that we've ever had a tie on.

Would you rather?

But you guys are the winners.

Congratulations.

And that's how we play with your other.

We're gonna tie suit and tie.

Congratulations guys.

That was a tight game.

Tim Burns, George.

Tim Burns.

You should have my son, my grandson on the show sometimes.

Ken Burns, a filmmaker, makes wonderful documentaries.

Ken Burns?

Hi, Decker.

No, Ken Burns is my grandson.

Yeah, George.

I bet when he did that documentary on the Civil War, you could give a lot of insight.

Believe me, I'm sold.

I remember being at the, from when I didn't remember how that was when the Civil War happened.

How was it?

Very bad.

A lot of people got killed.

Hey, I thought you were dead.

Believe me, I'm sold.

I wish I was dead.

Ah, no, I was coming.

What suicidal thoughts running through your head?

You're wanting to be buried.

Believe me, I'm sold.

I have very, very bad cancer that's gonna kill me eventually.

Doctors have been out with not age.

I don't know what's up.

Cigars, probably.

Interesting.

It's those, it's those Johnette Whistles cigars.

Have you ever thought about that, Tim?

Selling Johnette Whistles cigars?

I'd buy him on Bill Cosby, who counts me.

Sure, you'll buy anything.

I love cigars.

I'm sitting next to the two most classic cigar smoking comedians.

We tie some.

In the world.

Let me tie some.

When Pete Townsend wrote my generation, he wrote the line, I hope I die before I get old.

Believe me.

Wasn't right about me.

You understand what I'm saying?

I do understand what I'm saying.

Yes, I do understand that.

All right guys, there's only one last thing to do here on the show.

And that is a little something we call pla-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a- a-a.

This is a remix?

Is this a suit and tie?

This is just a different like...

That's a good song.

Good advice.

I forgot to do that this last week.

That is Comedy Bang Bang plug song.

Ooh, imaginatively titled by Adam and Sue.

Adam and Sue, thank you so much for giving us that plug theme.

If you have a plug theme that you'd like to hear on the show, go head on over to earwolf.com, put it in the Comedy Bang Bang message boards under the appropriate thread.

You can be famous for a week.

And Adam and Sue, you're not only famous for this week if you're hearing the podcast, but if you're live streaming it, you're now instantly famous.

So you've got a few extra days on that.

So congratulations Adam and Sue.

That's very exciting.

And we've opened up the plug bag at this point.

So we're all ready to go.

Paul, what do you like to plug?

Anything here?

I got a couple of my books.

Sure. Some of the new No-No's books, a collection.

How many per page?

Oh, we usually fit on one to per page.

One or two?

And if you get managed to squeeze them in.

Is that a random house?

Yeah, a random humor house.

Yeah, because your humor is random.

Cool.

In hardcover, we got a yeah, I said it.

And I like to say it like, yeah, I said it.

Do you hope when people go to their local bookstores and say, hey, do you have?

Yeah, I said it.

You know, there's a little microchip on the cover of the book that you can press.

And I'll say it for you?

Yeah, it's for my voice.

We didn't have it.

Yeah, it's me saying.

How to say, yeah, I said it.

Yeah, so you can't press it when you get up to the counter.

It deactivates anytime it's next to a counter.

It shocks the clerk.

So you should.

No, please don't do it.

Before you go up there, just know that the clerk is going to get shocked.

Well, you can press it.

Right.

If you press it around.

So don't touch it.

No, of course not.

OK, good.

Oh, and I got a new album coming out.

Oh boy.

My fans are maniacs and I love them.

Is this like some sort of interactive album or this is just a love letter to the fans on the cover only?

Yeah, they're maniacs.

I love them.

OK, I get it.

I get it.

Great.

All right.

Look for Paul Russ on that.

Tim, are you Tim?

You're back to me, Tim.

I'm back to me.

I was doing two characters today and it was really fun to be here.

Yeah.

But I'm promoting my book, my cookbook Biscuit, which is just Biscuit.

Yes, it teaches you how to make anything make a soup into a Bisc.

So any.

Oh, I guess I had assumed when I heard that title, how loud it was about how to cook Biscuits.

No, no, no.

It's so you could take a tomato soup and turn it into a.

What's the C to me?

Can you give us a one little tip?

The books.

Got it.

Hey, I got a seafood shout.

Make it. You know how to make a seafood chowder.

As far as I remember from being a waiter, a Bisc was just a soup without cream to it.

I thought it was without cream.

No, it's with.

I have different variations on the recipe.

Are you like you just add cream to your soups?

Not not necessarily.

It's usually already half cream.

You're just adding more cream.

That's the that's all your secret is.

Biscuit.

Not necessarily.

No, not.

OK.

Because some people are lack very.

So if you have soy milk or almond milk, those also work.

But you add it to to soups that already have cream in them.

Yes, on some for some soup.

But listen, get the book and you'll see it.

There's a lot more in there.

I know.

A lot of them get this book.

Amazing photography.

I got the book.

It's Who Did The Photography?

Oh.

I did it with my Samsung Galaxy phone.

Thanks for the Samsung and the folks at Jamba Juice for giving me the idea.

OK.

Because Biscowski, how do you lose?

I was about to say, how do you like to vote?

But you voted already.

I voted already.

I voted for Barack Obama.

Why?

Because his.

Because of Obama care?

Yeah.

Obama cares.

About Americans.

We've heard about base cares.

Listen, I got Bill Cosby Boudores.

Bill Cosby Boudores, album coming out.

Bill Cosby Boudores?

Boudores, killer on the road.

His brain is squirming like Theo's.

Rudy's on her way.

Vanessa is OK.

He's a bone name.

That's comforting.

And Theo come here.

Let's see dinner now.

OK.

And then Crow show.

Crow show.

Watch the fucking, watch the Crow show.

I'm going to shit out of Crow show.

The third day.

Third day episode.

The third day.

So it airs on third day.

Wednesday, Wednesday.

Thursday, Wednesday, hump day.

After work at Hollocks at 10.30 pm on Comedy Central.

See it.

A lot of people here can.

Confused between Wednesday and Thursday because it used to be called third day.

Well, I call it Theo's day.

Why?

Because of my son Theo.

OK.

Watch the shit out of it.

What do I want to plug?

I'm going to be in Vancouver.

February 9th come see me do one of these live with Paul if Tomkins will be there with me and some other special guests.

And we're going to be doing these live streamed ones.

Third every Thursday at youtube.com slash VPN.

It's a fact.

You think it's a fad really?

Yes.

I don't know that I disagree with you.

But we're going to be doing these every Thursday.

A different earwool show.

I'll be doing the next three.

This one plus two more.

And let's close up the old plug bag.

We should do that before those get on.

I left it open last week.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

Close it up close it up.

Brow.

Ah, that is Ken Marino with the closing up the plugs bag theme.

Casey Wilson, Adam, Pali, remix.

And guys, we did it.

We're at the end of the show.

I want to thank my guests, Tim Heidecker.

Thank you so much for always the pleasure to be making time out of your busy schedule.

Thank you.

I know you have a lot going on.

I really appreciate it.

Very busy full plate.

You're going back out on the road, do you think?

I should say I'm super sure.

Okay.

Paul, thank you so much for being there.

They're truthfully, of course.

And Bill Cosby, Bukowski, how about a jelloum to send us off into the stratosphere?

One, two, three, four.

Come on, baby.

Sess and jello.

Five, six, seven, rhymes.

Buffalo, Jerry, Orange, Lime, Lemon.

Everybody's keep on counting.

Here, tell you get some jello mold.

And you're fucking friends.

Boom.

All right.

Thank you very much.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an earwooled media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwooled.com.

Earwool, Freidio, boom.

Dogom.

The Wolf Dead.
