---
layout: page
title: 198. Jeffrey Ross, Ron Sexsmith, Amy Phillips, Neil Campbell [16790⧸21084].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

The Rosemaster General, Jeffrey Ross is with us.

He's gonna tell us all about his new Comedy Central Show, The Burn, plus his and our good friend, Sarah Silverman is here.

Author Cam Billmoth reads from his new memoir, plus musician Ron Sexmith is here.

Big fan, he's here to play songs from his new album, Forever in Deaver.

All of that and more, all on today's...

♪♪♪ The contents of this podcast are to be used for educational purposes only.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Hello.

Thank you so much to Chalk Dust for that wonderful catch phrase submission.

The contents of this podcast are to be used for educational purposes only.

Hello, welcome to the show. I am Scott Ockermann and we're going live here.

If you're listening to this, we're not live.

If you're listening to it while you're watching it live, it certainly is.

But if you're listening to the podcast version, we're not live.

If you're watching the video archive, we're not live.

We're live right now on YouTube.

YouTube.com slash your wolf right now.

So welcome to the people who are watching us live.

And what a show we have for you tonight.

I mean, Hollywood Nights doesn't even...

It's an understatement at this point.

You know what I mean?

So let me go round Robin through our guests that we have here.

First of all, you know him as the Rosemaster General.

I've been seeing his comedy since 1995, I believe.

I saw you in Aspen was the first time I ever saw you.

And first time on the show, it's a big treat to have you here.

You know him as the host of the burn.

Jeffrey Ross is here.

Thank you, Scott.

That was beautifully, beautiful intro.

It really was.

I said some really nice things.

You were the host of the burn and I saw you in Aspen.

It came, it was in your delivery.

I felt the affection and thank you.

It was warm.

It was relatively warm.

I feel very at home here.

Thank you so much.

We've never been on.

Yeah, I can't believe you haven't been on.

Heard it many times.

Thank you so much.

Never been asked.

It's cool.

Maybe.

I believe at one point I asked and you were busy.

Anytime you've ever asked me to do anything, it's a bit 2am at UCB.

It's never been an actual.

That's true.

Speaking of 2am at UCB, you know her from her many sets of 2am at UCB.

Sarah Silverman, our old friend of the show is here.

Hello Sarah.

Come on.

I'm in the middle giving myself a breast exam.

You could have given me a warning.

Oh, guys.

I think I feel something.

Not good.

Right?

Right.

Hi Sarah.

How have you been?

Hi.

Great.

How are you?

I'm great.

I'm so good to see you guys.

We're close friends, obviously.

We're like this guy.

Hello.

And you've been on the show many times.

This is probably your fourth appearance.

Too many times.

There has been a lot too many.

Maybe too many.

I don't know.

Probably too many.

And you and of course Jeffrey, you're a good friend of Sarah.

And you're a good friend of Sarah's as well.

Great to see you.

Oh my God.

We just had lunch today.

It's over to see you again.

That's nuts.

What do we eat?

I forgot.

We had shrimp kebabs.

Oh, that was good.

Right?

I never saw you eat shrimp in my entire friendship with you .

Today.

What a day.

But today was amazing.

Hey, that was cool.

That was major.

Well, let's turn to my left here.

Sarah, great to see you.

And I look forward to hearing your wit and wisdom all throughout the show.

Oh, God.

All right.

So let's turn to my...

This is going to be Todd Barry.

No, to my left, this is a real person.

This is of course, you know, is this your first book, Mr.

Bill Moth?

Yes, my first book.

Your first book.

He's an author, a new author, new to the field.

And we'll be hearing some of your book.

What is your book called?

Letters to Mom.

Cam Billmoth.

It's very nice to meet you.

It's very nice to be here.

I appreciate it.

Mr. Billmoth, I look forward to hearing your...

You're going to read from the book?

I'll be reading an excerpt from my book later, yes.

That's right.

What are your interests?

We don't know.

I've never heard of you.

This is your first book.

Would I have heard of you from some other...

I'm a columnist for the Detroit Free Press Daily.

Oh.

Okay.

Oh, I have not read that, so...

No, I write a weekly column.

What's your column about?

Family.

Appreciating.

The old things like leather baseball mitts.

Oh, I love those.

What are they made out of now?

Synthetic fibers.

Interesting.

All right.

Well, I look...

But your book doesn't deal with all that.

No, no.

My book is a more personal matter.

Oh, okay.

Great.

Well, I look forward to hearing a little bit about that, but feel free to chime in at any point because this is an open forum.

I want everyone to...

It's not all just about comedy, so I'd love to hear about leather baseball mitts if you have anything to say about those or any topic.

I will, I will, thank you.

All right, fantastic.

Coming right across from us, this is also his first time on the show, and it's my pleasure to have him here.

I've been a fan of his since his first record many years ago, and a writer of one of my favorite songs, Secret Heart.

Oh, you know that one.

Yeah, great song.

Thank you.

And check out his work, and he has a new album coming out in a week or so?

February 5th.

February 5th, and that's called Forever Endeavor.

It's Ron Sexmith.

Hello, thanks for having me.

Thank you so much for joining us.

Yeah, I don't think that's Sarah Silverman.

That's obviously Sarah Silverman.

I can't hear you.

I can't hear that.

You hear that, Jack?

I'm not sure.

I think it is her.

We know her the best out of any of us.

I haven't seen her up close before, so...

How do I know you're you?

Exactly.

Thank you.

How do we know you're you?

Well, can you give us a...

Well, I wouldn't do that, so that's how you know it's not.

Okay, good, now it's him.

Well, now you know it's me.

All right.

I was mistaken.

Right, that's all right.

I do want to say, by the way, if you're watching this live, not if you're listening to the podcast, and in the comments section, you can ask questions of any of our guests, and at a certain point, I will read some of the best questions, and so look forward to that.

And so, Mr. Sexmith, you have a new record out Forever Ende avor.

That's true.

Well, no, it's not out.

It's coming out.

Coming out.

Sure, yeah.

I know, so when is this air?

Is this air like...

Yeah, I know it's coming out on the 5th, and Forever Ende avor is opposed to Endeavor.

Right.

And you spell Endeavor the Canadian way with you?

With the you, the correct way.

Right.

Because you are one of Canada's finest citizens.

Well, is that what you heard?

I don't know where I stand, actually.

You know, I haven't broken any laws or anything.

Do they night people in Canada?

They do, yes.

Yeah, do you...

You expecting that at some point?

Yeah, at some point.

Good.

About how many more years?

Well, usually when you're on your death's door, really, right?

That's when they usually do it.

How are you feeling?

I feel pretty good.

Yeah.

Is it okay, I keep hearing a lot of breath in my microphone .

Am I too close, sir?

Oh, no, no.

You...

Hey.

But no, I mean...

It's sexy.

I'm expecting a Sir Ronald at some point, you know.

Now is your actual name Ronald, or do you think they'll extend it if you get the sir?

I mean, it is Ronald.

Ronald Elden Sexmith, the third.

Great, fantastic.

Elden, yes.

Which you know, there's a period where I thought about dropping the Ron, because it's not a very exciting name for a musician.

Right.

Elden Sexmith, on the other hand, sounds kind of...

That's sexy.

Elton John, or Elvis Presley or something.

Or just change it to Elden John.

Oh, yeah, he's not using it.

Elden John Jr.

You got something.

There you go.

Jeff, you're a fan of Mr. Sexmith's music.

Have you ever heard of it?

I don't think you'd ever heard of it.

I'm so curious now.

That's very good.

Are we going to get to hear something tonight?

No, I didn't bring my guitar.

You're holding it.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

This is a video podcast.

It's right.

Come on.

Yeah, I'll probably do something a bit later.

Yeah, we'll be hearing us on the new record.

She's more convincing a Sarah Zimmerman than you are as a professional singer so far.

Thank you.

All right, John, see Riley.

I don't know.

You did start to look like John Zee, right?

I know, well, yeah, well, that's a compliment, right?

Yeah.

I love he's my favorite actor in the world.

Really?

I wonder if you were his favorite singer.

I got it.

See, he came to see me at Largo last year, which was like just surreal, you know?

Yeah, I love that guy so much.

Ever since Boogie Nights, you know, great film.

Boogie Nights.

I like the Canadian pronunciation.

How did I...

Google, he said Boogie Nights.

Oh, did I?

Yeah, no.

I mean, is that how you guys pronounce it?

My wife says I pronounce tofu wrong.

Oh, because you're stressing the second syllable.

Apparently, yeah.

Tofu.

How do you say it?

What's the correct way?

Tofu is the way I would say it, but that's not correct.

Right.

It's still crap, whatever you call it.

Hey.

Easy now.

Come on.

It's not that kind of an edgy show.

Oh, sorry.

I never liked this stuff.

Jeffrey Ross, tell us about the burn go.

Ah.

Well, it's on every Tuesday in 10.30 for two more for this season.

Just two more.

Yeah, we have short season six episodes.

Arnold Schwarzenegger would say it's not a two more.

We'll be back.

I'd have to be back.

And say I'll be back.

That's right, he would say that.

Yeah.

Sometimes he keeps that promise.

He does return.

We like to keep him, you know, roasting's very special.

We sharpen our pencils.

The writers are back there right now, coming up with some crazy stuff about the grammar.

Tell me about the premise of the show.

What exactly you do.

It's basically a weekly roast of whatever we want.

Sometimes I do an opening that's just basically roasting the week, whatever we want.

And I go out on a roaster coaster, which is a rolling podium.

And I roast public enemies like meter maids and smokers.

And this week for Black History Month, I'm roasting black people on Martin Luther King Boulevard.

Wow, interesting.

Yeah, we just shot it on Martin Luther King Day, which gives it a very festive feel.

Right.

A lot of celebration happening.

It was.

It was really good.

Wow.

Yeah.

It's basically a roast of all the things that we love in the world.

And you have a panel of comedians on as well.

Halfway to the show.

Three roasters come out.

There's a mine usually, and we take the world apart on each other mostly.

Really fun shooting with a lot of Michael Ian Blacks on this week.

Right, right.

And Brian, I know Brian.

Brian was on last week.

And yeah, it's been crazy.

Natasha Ligero and probably a lot of your bang bangers.

Right.

And how do you looking back at your career as the roast master general?

Is it something that you aspire to do?

I know you had a fascination with them growing up.

I mean, is it like the culmination of everything you've always wanted to have?

This one's pretty, I did have kind of a moment the other day where I was like, I have a freaking TV show where I say basically whatever I want.

Comedy Central hasn't censored me once.

Really?

No.

Not even one joke.

No, not really.

What's the hardest joke that you.

The worst they'll do is bleep it or blur something, but they don't say you can't do that.

Are you taking out your penis a lot?

Is that what's happening?

No, that's not my style.

Okay.

What's the worst, like what's the hardest joke that you've done recently?

I did a whole, I did a, I roasted, I went to a porn set and I roasted parts, body parts.

I roasted a penis, a vagina, and a rectum.

And you wrecked them?

I wrecked them.

Wow.

That was pretty good.

It was fun.

Wow.

Fantastic.

Turning to Sarah here, Sarah.

Yeah, you said vagina.

So clearly you have to come to me, right?

Vaginas.

Yeah.

What's going on in your career?

I mean, I know we talk all the time and I should know this, but tell the listeners and the viewers here at home.

I have a lot going on, Scott.

Like I had to go grocery shopping.

I had to feed my dog.

Right.

I am just now getting into singing telegrams.

Receiving or giving?

Giving.

Or buying four people.

I guess it doesn't have to be receiving or giving.

Giving.

So you're actually performing them.

Oh, yeah.

Wow.

Okay.

Yeah, I go, I ring the doorbell say it's somebody's birthday.

I say, hey, I heard it's your birthday.

Aren't you glad you weren't onboarding?

Like that.

Wow.

Or say somebody just had a baby.

I bring the doorbell and they answer.

I say, looks like you're a new mother.

Congratulations.

Aren't you glad you didn't get an abortion and a like?

And the like sure.

I must make a ton of money doing this.

Yeah.

How was you charged?

Killing, Jeff.

It is killing.

How was you charged for these?

Ninety nine five.

That's it.

Have Sarah Silverman show up to your doorstep.

Nineteen thousand.

I like a good deal.

No, nineteen dollars and ninety five cents.

I like a good deal.

I like to get a good deal.

I like to get a good deal deal deal deal deal deal.

Thanks.

Jeff.

If you were giving Jeff a singing telegram, what would you say to him?

I'd say, Jeff, you got your own show.

Congratulations.

Aren't you glad you didn't get aborted?

Not bad.

When did you start using Gilbert Godfrey's hand motions?

I don't know, but I might be leasing them.

Both are a good rate.

Nineteen ninety five.

What do you think though?

Maybe you guys could team up and do the singing telegram thing together.

I mean, a big star like Sarah here.

I could back her up if you want.

Yeah, yeah.

I have a way to go.

I don't do it back there anymore.

Don't do it back.

Oh, I get it.

Okay.

That's one of your Sarah Silverman.

That's one of my things.

Right.

I get it.

Let's get together and make some music.

Okay.

Yeah, I'm up for that.

You keep reaching for your guitar like you're going to do some of you in a difficult.

Well, if you're someone's going to go, okay, you're on.

Oh, no, you're on.

Yeah.

Let's hear a collabo.

You can play that or you just hide your heroin in there.

Oh, yeah.

I do all of the above.

Hey, will you just mention Gilbert Gottfried actually saw the burn the other night and he was on there.

No.

Now, does he ever groggy in the morning?

In real life.

In real life, he talks like this.

Oh, is that right?

He barely mumbles.

He's got to save it.

And then when he goes to the camera, come on.

I was there.

Yeah, he's pretty great.

So no collabo, really?

No Sarah Silverman.

I have a key.

I am ready.

Anything.

Okay.

Um, geez.

That's hard.

I'm sort of like this.

My headphone cord is sort of keeping.

Okay.

Let me help you out.

There we go.

This is Sarah Silverman featuring Ron Sexman.

And by the way, I just want to preface by saying I love when Sarah is saying she has such a beautiful voice.

I can't wait to hear this.

This is such a treat.

Thank you, Jeff.

I love you so much.

Thank you.

This is a song for Jeff.

Okay.

What any particular genre?

There we go though.

That's good.

Like something like that.

Is that like, is that bluesy?

It's sort of rock and roll.

Okay.

Like Elvis.

Yeah.

Elvis should be more like, like what kind of deal?

I got to get my shoulders into it.

And my thumbs.

Oh, yeah.

You know, gask me.

Why don't you come on back and we can bull go pee because I like the pee outside by the tree.

Woo.

Cause Jeff Ross, you're the guy.

You're the guy for me.

Let's go pee.

But join us.

Oh, that was pretty good.

Sarah Silverman and Ron Sexman together.

I never thought that the two of them would ever do a song to me singing about you and to you.

That was cool.

I didn't see that cool.

I never thought this would be fitching on or that I'm getting tonight here.

Crazy.

Cam?

That was wonderful.

Okay.

Great.

That was pretty great.

That was really good.

All right.

Tell you, well, why don't we take a break when we come back ?

A break from what?

That wasn't a break?

That was something?

That was work?

That was content.

That was premium content.

Let's take a break when we come back.

We'll have more comedy bang bang.

We'll have more Jeffrey Ross, more Sarah Silverman, more Ron Sexman, more Cam Bill Moth right after this comedy bang bang.

We are back comedy bang bang for another week.

And this one is live streamed on YouTube.

So congratulations if you're watching it live.

We have some viewer questions here.

We have our guests here of course Ron Sexmith, Sarah Silver man, Jeffrey Ross and Cam Billmoth.

This comes to us from Zach Dunne.

Zach Dunne asks Sarah, are you planning on writing sequels to the bedwetter?

Well, it's pretty much out there.

I guess there's not much more I can say about wedding the bed.

I explain it from A to Z.

It's pretty inspirational.

If I ask myself was that an amazing book, I'd answer yes.

I'd say no to your question and just read the book twice better yet.

Buy the book twice.

Right?

Sure.

But you know what?

Check your facts.

You might want to Google that for real because I might not know what I'm talking about.

Might be stoned.

That's right.

All right.

Good.

Here's one for you.

Jeff, what's the best burn you've ever heard about yourself ?

Oh, boy.

That comes to us from Wild Fool.

Wild Fool.

That's talking about myself.

Use your Christian name.

I would have to say Greg Giraldo was so funny.

I don't know how many people are just familiar with his ro asting.

But so funny on those roasts.

He just, I don't know why this pops to my mind, but it didn 't even come in the form of a joke.

He was just exasperated and yelling at me and he just said, how fucking fat are you going to get?

And the fact that he had all these amazing, he had 50 great classic roast jokes and then he just stopped, looked at me and stopped being clever.

I just got real.

And for some reason that cracked me up at the time.

And also I lost 10 pounds after that.

Right.

So it worked.

You were saying during the break to us that on the show recently you roasted the Westboro Baptist Church people?

Yeah.

And what were you saying to them?

Were you trying them at a funeral?

No, they normally go to funerals and stuff like that and they protest.

So I found myself in Kansas over Christmas.

So I took a ride.

You just found yourself there.

My girlfriend's family was out there.

So a couple hours from Topeka.

So one of them was following me on Twitter.

And one of the Westboro.

Yeah.

So I DM them and said, hey, I'm going to come out there and do a little, I'm just going to do a bit outside your church if you want to come out.

And they were into it.

Very into.

I don't know if he asked it, but just sort of like, okay, what time?

Because as long as I basically show their sign and the piece, they feel like they've gotten something out of it.

Which, you know, I don't necessarily agree with it.

They're so silly.

And it was, I got to have a stomach ache just going out there.

They're really evil people.

But I figured what better way to exercise my first amendment than go to their turf on Christmas.

It was on Christmas.

It was on Christmas day.

And roast them.

What did you say about that?

They didn't laugh.

They left like one out of like eight jokes.

And they were only when they couldn't help it.

If I made fun of these two giant dudes came out.

One of them was a Phelps family member and some other dude and is very good.

Do you remember the one they laughed at?

Oh, I said something like, how does a Phelps family are the most hated family in America?

And that includes Medea's family.

And they gave it up for that one.

That one, you know, he couldn't.

I said, you're always exercising your first amendment rights.

And then I patted him on his belly and said, it's the only exercise you guys get.

But it got kind of meaner after that.

I turned it on.

It was, you know, you're always protesting military.

You know, soldiers fight for your right to protest at their funerals.

Why don't you return the favor or something like that?

Right.

It got till it just became just where I just felt like I had to leave.

I felt sick.

Wow.

So it was kind of, it was interesting to see that they did laugh.

They were human.

Somebody to be that mean and hateful.

They have like God hate fags and God hate.

Yeah, you would think that someone who says stuff like that would never laugh in their life at all.

That's why the experiment for me was trying to find out how exactly what these people are like.

Right.

I felt like, I don't know, it was like meeting a Nazi or something.

They laughed during the movie Philadelphia, I think.

They did, right?

Let's talk to Cam here because Cam, you've been very silent here, Mr. Bill Moth.

I know that it's a great listener.

Great.

Oh, wonderful.

I know it's a tough panel to make a dent in.

You have three legends of show business here.

That's true.

Two certainly from the comedy world and one from the music world.

Well, I know.

But you may be a future legend of the author worlds.

That would be my hope.

I don't know why I pluralize that.

Well, there's fiction and nonfiction.

OK, good.

That's why I did it.

The literary world, I think.

Yes.

Yeah.

That would be my hope.

I mean, I'm just an old fashioned guy.

Sure.

You know.

I did say at one point go ahead and chime in about leather baseball gloves and you haven't done that at all.

I was just recollecting thinking about staying usual.

Oh, OK.

Oh, yeah.

Pass the way.

Yeah, let's do it.

Recalling.

You know, these days everyone has 3D LCD televisions.

Just remember in back when I got a plasma TV.

Wow.

I mean, that seems like it wasn't that far.

This doesn't have 3D capability.

I'll tell you that.

OK.

All right.

What else?

What else is old fashioned?

Sure.

I don't know.

It seems like you're on a roll here.

Oh, the older generation MacBook Air.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

So it's fun to reminisce about these things.

Yeah.

They don't make those anymore.

So tell us about your book, though.

You have a book Letters to Mom.

Letters to Mom.

It's a series of letters I've written to my mom.

Things that I wish I could have been able to say to her.

Oh, OK.

Your mom is, I guess, passed away.

No.

Oh, OK.

No.

I just don't have no plans to visit her anytime soon.

I've lost her phone number.

Oh, really?

It seems like, do you have siblings?

You could call them up and...

Yeah, but, you know, I only have six of the digits for their phone number.

Oh, OK.

I could spend nine attempts figuring out the last one, but ...

Sure.

Well, I bother.

Yeah, I understand.

OK.

Well, so tell us about this book.

You wish you had said these things.

Letters to Mom.

Yeah.

And each one is a different letter, something I wish I could have said to my mom.

OK.

Well, we can all relate to that.

I don't know how you're...

How he doesn't your mom miss you?

You should call her.

He's probably pissed off at you.

I don't know her number.

I wish I could.

She misses you.

She loves you.

What about your dad?

Good point.

I don't...

Are they the four?

I'll speak to my father anymore.

Oh, OK.

This is so sad.

I lost his number too.

Maybe the book will bring them out of the woodwork.

Possibly.

I'm pretty fine with not talking to them.

I should be clear about that.

I don't know why you wrote the book, but OK.

I guess we'll hear why when you read some selections.

So you...

I have an excerpt I could read from it right now.

Sure.

I have a PDF of it.

A PDF.

Yes.

What does that stand for?

Just curious.

PDF.

Yeah, that's a great question.

Cam, do you know what that stands for?

Portable data file.

OK, thank you.

Oh, wow.

Do you remember?

I'm so horny right now.

Thank you for answering that question.

Alright, so let's read from your PDF.

Alright, here we go.

Dear mom, how's it going?

I miss you.

Oh.

Look, I know I haven't always been the best son, but I want to become a better person.

So I'm beginning that process by fessing up to some of the stuff I've done over the years.

First, remember when I was nine how you came home one day and your antique vase was on the floor in a million pieces?

And I said patches knocked it over?

Well, that was actually me.

I was playing ball in the house with an old fashioned leather glove, just like how you told me not to.

And remember when I was 16 how the car had a big dent in the side and I said that it happened when patches drove the car to the pet store to buy dog biscuits?

That wasn't true.

I dented it when I was out buying beer with my fake ID.

And remember when you found all that heroin and I said it was patches heroin and that patches sold heroin so that he could pay for his nausage habit?

That was my heroin.

When the house burned down and I told the police, patches started the fire because he wanted to meet that cute dalmatian who rides on the fire truck.

Well, the truth is I got stoned and passed out with a lit cigarette in my mouth and that's what started the fire.

Patches actually dragged me out of the house, saved my life .

I don't know why I lied all the time.

I guess just having a mentally retarded younger brother named Patches always made it easy for me to blame someone else.

Right.

Anyway, I'm sorry.

I hope you're doing well.

I wish I could tell you all this in person, but I just don 't feel like calling you.

Love Cam.

Wow.

That's fantastic.

How about that piano playing by me though?

Yeah, great.

Great.

Thank you so much.

I expected a company man.

Wow.

I mean, you're backing up Cam here.

You're backing up Sarah.

This is incredible.

Wouldn't honor it.

That was very moving.

Yeah.

That's incredible.

And that's how many of those letters are in this book?

Sorry.

I hate thousand to three.

I hate to laugh.

That's quite a span.

At first I thought you were going to say eight.

I said eight and then I thought zero zero and I said well zero is a non-entity so you don't say those.

So I said eight three.

I want to know where Patches is because I want to hang.

I want to party with Patches.

I only have six of his digits.

I'm sorry.

God.

Wow.

Where do you think your mom is right now?

The Northern Peninsula where we grew up.

What if she hears this?

Oh, I don't know.

She probably feels some emotions or something.

Maybe it reached out to me.

I'll ignore it.

Do you still have a heroin addiction?

I mean it never goes away.

So yeah.

Right.

That's a good point.

But when's the last time you used heroin?

That break was pretty long.

I have to admit.

Okay.

I see.

Wow.

Cam, that's incredible.

Thank you.

I have a question for you.

How do you know if you are an expert on old things, do you know when the right time is it throws something out?

Like say my douche is expired.

So from November of 2012, is it safe to say I can still use it or should I throw it out?

I say use it.

We should appreciate these old things and never throw it out.

Even after she uses it?

Especially not after you use it.

That's what gives it character.

I don't know.

Cam, you're kind of a weirdo I think.

Well then just give it to me.

I'll take it.

Really?

You have a collection of like old used douches?

Old condoms, old douches?

Oh god, Cam, really?

Anything I've ever used, I've kept.

You've used a lot of condoms in your life?

Well, yeah.

Detroit Free Press gets you a lot of about a tale.

So why did you even write this book?

I can't figure out.

You don't want your mom to read it.

You don't care if she- I want her to get a bestseller.

Oh, I see.

I was driving one day down eight mile.

Of course.

Detroit reference.

Detroit Detroit.

I'm very familiar with Detroit being from there.

Of course.

And so- Tell us more about Detroit.

That's what I should be asking you.

I'm bearing the lead here.

Tell us about Detroit.

The Tigers.

The Red Wings.

Of course.

The Lions.

The Murner.

What else though?

They're like what's your favorite little spot?

The hamburger place.

Yeah.

The Detroit Lion Dome?

That statue of a fist or a hand I believe.

He never got close enough to really figure it out.

I always look in from a weird angle.

Yeah.

You ever meet Eminem there?

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

We used to hang out.

Me, Eminem, Cecil Fielder.

Wait.

The three of you used to hang out?

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

And you're the non-famous one out of that trio.

I mean, I'm a local celebrity.

Okay.

What did you guys do together?

We would go to Leeiah Coker's house and throw eggs at it.

What?

Oh, okay.

So you're not hanging out with Lee Ico.

No way.

Oh, okay.

Wow.

And did you ever hit the house?

No, it's way far off the street.

We couldn't, our arms are weak too.

We couldn't even get them over the fence.

But you kept trying.

Oh yeah.

I appreciate that about you Cam.

Thank you.

Wow.

Who were you named after?

Yeah, it's a great question.

I changed my name to name myself after Cam Nealey when I was about 18.

Who is he?

Oh, I had seen a Dennis Leary comedy special and he was skating with Cam Nealey.

And I thought, wow, that's what I want to be.

A hockey player gets to skate with a comedian for charity.

Look at the Boston guy in Cam Nealey.

Yeah, yeah.

No, it wasn't a popular, popular choice in my house.

But so you're a comedy fan?

I just was flipping through the channels one day.

Okay, but it inspired you because you wanted to skate with a comedian?

He seemed like a cool guy.

He was skating with a comedian.

He was doing a charity event.

Okay, so you're not a comedy fan.

You were just flipping through channels.

Yeah.

I'm a huge fan of remote controls.

Oh, okay.

Great.

Interesting.

Interesting guy.

I wish I had one right now.

Really?

Don't roll yourself.

This is great.

This is fantastic.

All right, well, tell you what, why don't we take another break?

And when we come back, we'll have more from Cam, I hope.

I hope you're just going to remember stuff and shout it out in the middle of the show.

Sure.

Okay, great.

We'll have more from Jeff Ross, more from Sarah Silverman, and coming up a song from Ron Seksmith.

Oh, that's going to be amazing.

And if you have anything old that you can think of, I'd love to hear it.

There's a few masters.

I like those things.

Few masters.

Cam, tell us about them.

Oh, well, they used to look in them before movies were around.

3D Fred Flintstone.

Yeah, but what in the...

I bet those could come back.

Really?

I bet people would watch this YouTube on a private view master.

You guys, the three of you are like, cinnergetic here.

I don't know what you said.

I don't care to give it.

You guys are all fucking nuts.

Right.

Can I say that on YouTube?

Yeah, of course.

All right.

Well, let's come right back.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Bye.

Yee.

Welcome back.

We're back here.

Comedy Bang Bang.

Do we have any more questions, by the way?

I forgot to get those during the break.

But if anyone out there has any that they want to get to us , Julia, just bring them on in.

But we're back here, Comedy Bang Bang, and Scott Ockerman here, and having a fine Hollywood night show.

And it's time to play a little something that we call, would you rather?

Oh, Ron, thank you so much for playing this.

Oh, okay.

Not a many talents.

What a treat.

And I'm playing it with my butt as well.

Oh, yeah.

What's that kind of music?

What would you call that?

It's a regal or something?

Battle.

Battle music.

That's good.

Let's go.

I want to come out to this with the next roast.

Yeah.

It's really good when people are silent during it too, as it is.

Oh, sorry.

I'm going to write lyrics to it.

Really?

Would you write lyrics to the song?

What's this?

The game is called Would You Rather?

If you would write, would you rather lyrics?

I would work on it for sure.

Oh, that would be the greatest honor of my life.

Okay.

We do have a late breaking question from one of our viewers here.

Brad Gates.

Brad Gates asks, Jeff, could Jeff roast a few of the names on the table?

You want to roast us here?

Oh, this table here?

Oh, I guess what he meant is the people on the panel.

Oh, because I was looking at the table.

The table?

You could roast some of the people on the table as well.

It's pretty amazing.

Look at this.

Maybe that is what Brad meant.

Is that what Keira Knightley was here?

Keira Knightley was here.

Holy shit.

What would you say about it Keira Knightley?

I would say she's so skinny.

Sarah could use her as a dildo.

Yeah!

Right!

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah!

Hello!

I kind of get what you're saying a little bit.

You know what I'm saying?

I don't know.

I guess so.

Would a couple double A's there?

No!

Who also's name is on the table?

Let's see.

We have, oh, here's Fitzdog.

Fitzdog radio over here.

Breck Fitzsimmons.

Fitzdog, Irish guy.

Went to BU.

He can make fun of Fitzdog because he'll get me back.

Yeah, he will.

Who else do you know?

Fish.

Fish was here?

Fish with Harris in a parenthetical below.

Patonaswa.

What would you say about Paton?

Oh my God.

I only make fun of celebrities.

Alright.

Sound of play, would you rather?

We all know how this is played.

People send me, would you rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWIR.

Please do not send them to my personal Twitter.

They will just get tossed out onto the would you rather pile.

We all know about that.

Don't need to go into that.

I will read the scenario out loud.

I will open the floor for questions.

Alright?

Then you are free to ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios.

Alright?

In order to help narrow down your choice because there's a lot of information that I know that isn't contained within the question.

So really just talk it through, try to figure it out, ask me questions.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions and there will be no warning.

And I want to warn you about that right now.

There's not going to be a warning of when I close the floor for questions.

Okay?

So get those questions in early and get them in great.

I'm stressing out.

Sarah, please don't have to.

I keep the ad on it.

No, it's alright.

You've played this many times before.

Alright.

Thanks to remind me.

I will then ask you to close the floor for questions.

You'll vote.

I'll tally up the points and we'll do it that way.

Alright, here we go.

So this comes to us from Colin Fraser, Colin Fraser, aka at C-phrase.

C-phrase asks, would you rather only be able to get around by rolling upon a computer chair or have to lick the entire outer surface area of anything you eat before you eat it?

Wow.

Alright, so would you rather?

Let's see.

Only be able to get around by rolling around on a computer chair or have to lick the entire outer surface of anything you eat.

I've opened the floor for questions.

Alright, feel free to ask any questions.

I have a question.

The actual food itself lick it all?

You have to lick the entire thing before you eat it.

Or be handicapped in a chair?

That's the rather, that's the choice.

I mean, when you put it down to that basic of a sentence, yes, that is the choice.

It sounds a little silly, but there may be other...

I think I've broken this down.

There may be obvious choices.

There may be bits of information that you don't know about either of the scenarios.

This is no Sophie's choice.

No.

That's a... remember Sophie's choice.

That was a tough one.

This is an easy one.

If you are licking the plate or a bowl...

Well, you don't have to lick the plate because you're not going to eat the plate ostensibly, unless it's one of those edible plates, I guess.

Can't do...

Do you remember those really good?

Oh, yeah.

I used to go out to a ball game, sit in Tiger Stadium.

Big edible plate in front of me.

Yeah, edible plate night.

Sure.

Yeah, boy.

Those are the days.

Oh, yeah.

Hanging that with Kid Rock.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Kid Rock, now go watch Ty Cobb.

Sure.

Sarah, you had a question?

Are you... is your mouth like Pac-Man?

Yes, your mouth is like Pac-Man.

That is a great question.

You have a giant mouth that's about the size of your head.

So, in one way, Jeff, you're handicapped in that respect.

Yeah.

You have a giant mouth that's as large as your entire head.

That's a twist.

That's why you ask questions.

That's right.

So, you've got to think about it.

You're basically disfigured.

Oh, I didn't realize that part.

Well, see, that's why you ask questions.

You decided way too early.

I didn't decide yet.

I just said that it wasn't enough to...

Are you disfigured in the chair as well?

No, you have a perfect mouth.

Okay.

But you have use of your legs.

So, just like roll around in a chair.

Yeah, you're kicking.

Wait, is this for real?

Are we really... is this really going to happen?

No, no, whatever you vote on, you actually are transported to it.

I'm going to pay attention.

It's the chair transportation only for...

when you would otherwise be using transportation, or can you still walk, like, from room to room?

No, you can only roll around in your chair the entire time.

And you're pushing yourself like this with your legs.

So, your legs still work.

So, you're able to kick people, because you roll it onto a plane and still take a flight somewhere.

Or a bus or something.

Yes.

I have two questions.

Can you wear a ball gown if you are in the rolling chair?

And two, will someone else be able to push you?

And can they either wear a tuxedo or a delightful ball gown also?

See, this is how you play the game, guys.

I mean, she got two questions in there.

I mean, they may seem related, but I mean, this is just...

Sarah, you're a veteran at this, so I expected nothing less .

Thank you, vaginas.

But, yes, you are able to change clothes and wear whatever clothes you want.

And bathe, right?

You're able to bathe, certainly.

You have to take the chair into the bathtub with you.

Or the shower.

Right.

But, yeah, you're able to take that in there with you.

And you are able to hire a person, depending on how much money you have.

As a celebrity, Sarah, you know, you have sort of...

A little more of an advantage here than Cam.

Probably more than Jeff.

I don't know.

I don't want to question your finances.

Oh, no.

Sarah's got way more money there.

Yeah.

Okay.

So...

Yes, Jeff.

You are able to hire someone, but they are not allowed to wear.

But, in fairness, she spends it on waxing.

That's right!

We're probably even.

I'm overdue, by the way.

Oh.

So...

They are not allowed to wear a tuxedo.

Oh.

Ah, back to square one.

I have another question.

Oh, see?

Textbook!

This is how you play.

Great.

Sarah.

As ice skating is an event in the Olympics.

Yes.

Do you see where I'm going with this?

Can this be its own event?

Such as an office rolling chair event with choreography and music.

And can I win every year?

Great question.

Great multi-part questions.

And Ron, you're going to want to hear the answer to this, because I know your eyes lit up.

When international event, the Canada can partake in Olympics?

Yeah.

No, I know you're interested.

Yeah.

Yes, this is an event in the Olympics.

You are eligible to win every year.

There is no age cut off.

How do we negotiate stairs and things on wheels?

You're a handicap.

You need to go to a handicapped elevator.

Oh, an elevator right now.

This is opening your eyes to a whole new world.

This is how handicapped people actually have to live.

Right.

You know what I mean?

I thought we had full usage of everything.

It's just that we had to sit in a chair all the time.

You have to sit in the chair all the time.

Right.

Yeah.

So that's- See the chair walk upstairs and the chair meets you up there?

Is this magic?

I will allow it.

Yes.

You are able to- Anytime you want to take over three flights of stairs, you are able to get up, walk up those stairs, and the chair will meet you up there.

Now what's in that?

Look at them.

It will take the elevator.

I definitely would choose the chair one over the- Oh, now Ron, I'm afraid that you voted really.

Oh no!

I'm so sorry.

Okay.

I'm gonna have to docu-points.

Okay.

That's negative 243 points.

Oh, were we all supposed to vote together?

Yeah.

I clearly said the rules before we started- I was listening when he was speaking.

I was looking at his green saver over.

I'm also gonna have to docu-points for not listening.

Okay.

Six points for that.

Negative 249.

Everyone else is- I heard you and me talking about rules and a blanked out.

I know.

I don't like rules.

I'm a rule breaker.

I'm a parent rock and roll.

That's right.

Of course.

May I ask a question?

Yeah.

Because you're so polite, I will allow it.

During the question asking period- This is a question I once asked.

I was having tea with Jack White.

Sure.

Alan Trammel.

Who's Alan Trammel?

Sarah Gay Fedorov.

You're reading names on the table?

And Jerry Minor.

Wait, he's on my side too.

That's right.

He's from Detroit.

That's second city Detroit.

The four of us.

The five of us, including me.

And I asked, what about with soup?

Is it possible to- People say that you eat soup?

So how would you lick the entire surface of soup?

Great question.

You have to basically lick the top.

You have to wait until it congeals in kind of a soup crust.

And then you have to lick that entire crust.

And that will suffice for the entire bowl of soup.

But water, the other liquids.

Drinking is fine though.

Right.

You don't have to lick.

Drinking is fine.

But a smoothie straddles the line.

You know what I mean?

You're going to have to lick that smoothie clean.

Who likes soups and smoothies?

Ew.

Really?

What is it about soups and smoothies?

You don't like liquids coming to your face?

They're just so fizzy, right?

Yes.

Ew.

Right.

Kind of.

Ron, you have a chance to get back here if you ask more questions.

I mean, you're down 249 points.

But if you get in here and ask some good questions, you can gain all that back.

Okay, I didn't know there were points either.

Oh, I'm going to have to doc you some points for not knowing that there's points.

Yeah.

Negative 255.

Come on, man.

Well, I'm pretty much made up on the chair because I don't have a ton.

You just voted again.

This is excruciating.

I'm going to have to doc you another 246 points.

Is that good?

It's terrible.

You're at negative 501.

No, well, what if it's- Good for Levi's.

Terrible for you.

But with the food, stuff, you'd only have to lick it once and then you could eat it like a regular person, right?

Like- Great question.

You're in the lead at plus four.

Like frozen waffles or something.

You could just lick them and then eat them like a regular person.

Yeah, exactly.

And that is a 505 point question.

That is exactly how you play the game.

505 is also great for Levi's.

He was just clarifying the game.

He wasn't even asking a question.

Jeff, I'm afraid I'm going to have to doc you some more.

Oh my God!

You don't argue with the judge.

I'm so afraid.

I'm going to doc you one point.

You're right.

Thank you.

Alright, so right now we have Jeffrey Ross with negative one.

Cam Billmoth with zero.

Sarah Silverman, you're still at zero too.

But Ron Sexmith is in the lead with four points.

This is exciting.

This is a nail monitor.

We all saw that coming though.

I don't like the arrogance.

I'm going to doc you five points.

You're tied with Jeffrey Ross now.

Negative one.

Alright.

Close.

I've shut the floor down for questions.

You there would be no warning.

Is there another question?

The question is that the only one that you pose.

That's a great question I'm going to give you two points.

Alright, you're back in the lead at one.

A lot of math.

I can't handle it.

Alright guys, here we go.

We're going to vote.

Let's go to Jeffrey Ross.

Yeah.

How do you like to vote?

I got a sense of where you were leaning.

Well, I'm obsessed with food.

Sure.

And I've been thinking about this.

I love to take walks.

It's one of my favorite things.

And I love to take a walk to get something to eat.

So I'd be okay with the licking, but not with the office chair.

So I vote to lick my perimeter of my meals.

With the giant mouth.

What about the ghost that chase you all the time?

I have that already.

Okay, great.

Turning to Sarah Silverman.

How do you like to vote?

It's pretty clear, Jeffrey, I'm going to take the chair.

You're going to take the chair.

A lot of prisoners would not like that.

I don't want the chair.

There's a lot of buzz about the chair.

Everybody's talking about the chair.

Get in the chair.

I'm there.

You just want to be different.

That's right.

Well, she wants to vote differently than you.

Maybe she'll pick up some points, you know?

It's an interesting strategy.

I already have a big mouth.

So this is not that big a...

It's not that big of a stretch for you.

Yeah.

And you have ghosts chasing you.

All right.

So you're voting for the status quo practically.

Just the licking is added, which I do sometimes anyway.

So that's what you think you might start actually when you think about it.

It's such a bad deal.

What if you went home seriously, Jeff?

I would like you to report back on this.

What if you went home tonight and licked your entire meal and just said, I want to see how this would be?

I would...

Okay.

Yeah.

You've got to get the whole thing there.

He's got some sort of health bar.

That's okay.

It's weird to lick it first.

We're going to be eating a health bar first.

Yeah.

That's all I could find on the...

In the...

Delly downstairs from here.

It's a great studio by the way.

Is this...

Did they shoot hostage videos in here?

Hey, wait a minute.

Hold on a second.

They should zero dark 30 in here.

Hold on a second, Jeff.

I know that you burn things.

Yeah.

But leave our studio out of there.

That was great.

Oh, that's...

Thank you so much.

That's lovely.

That's great.

Sarah, you voted and that's your explanation?

Pretty much.

Okay, great.

Yep.

Fantastic.

I'm going to turn to Ron Seksmith.

How do you like to vote here?

Well, I'm still going with the chair, I think, because I don't like...

I can't imagine licking things like mashed potatoes and things like that.

You can't imagine that?

I couldn't imagine.

What about these Reese's pieces?

You were all a fatter.

You came in here talking about the...

You ate Reese's pieces for the first time?

I wasn't really...

Before the show?

It was really, yeah.

Those are good.

Those suckers are really good.

They're great.

Can you imagine licking those before you ate all of them?

Oh, it would be fine.

I could see that with something like...

You could keep me from biting my nails.

Yeah.

I'm going to be your concerts, though, with the chair and the...

Yeah.

I guess this is a...

Well, this isn't really going to happen, though.

So I'm just hyping it.

Oh, it is happening.

Okay.

Again, you didn't...

Well, let me sing a songwriter sit down when they play anyway.

That's true.

Yeah.

So there's not a lot of hopping around.

You can maybe switch over to the pedal steel, you know?

Yeah.

All right.

No, I'm going to stick with the chair.

Sticking with the chair.

All right.

Turning to Cam, how do you like to vote?

With the mouth, the licking.

Really?

Why is that?

Just all those fond memories of those edible plates.

And brought me back.

Really?

Yeah.

The nostalgia talking about licking filled me with has influenced my decision.

Plus, we're already sitting in office chairs.

That's true.

So it feels like you want to change it up.

Yeah.

It's not so bad, actually.

Makes me, yeah.

Makes me want to do more.

Yeah.

All right.

So we have two for the licking.

Yep.

And two for the office chairs.

Interesting votes from interesting players.

What would you do, Scott?

Oh.

No one is ever asking that before.

I've had to sit here and listen to assholes telling me what they would do for four years now.

And no one has ever asked me that.

Thank you so much.

You're welcome.

I'm going to have to docu points for that.

Oh.

Three points off.

You're negative four.

Sorry about that, Jeff.

That's cold blooded.

But you may have voted correctly.

We'll see.

Let's tally up the points here.

Let's see, we have Jeff Ross here at negative four.

Cam and Sarah are at zero and Mr. Sexmith, you are in the lead at one point.

This is pretty exciting.

It's good news.

Yeah, this is good news.

All right.

So let's tally up the points.

We have the eating was the correct answer.

The licking.

We did it.

Cam.

No.

You guys did it.

So that gets you half a point each.

So Jeff Ross, you're at negative three and a half.

Cam, you're at half a point.

And that means our winner is Mr. Ron Sexmith here.

Oh, yeah.

Great.

Thank you.

Amazing.

Congratulations.

Oh man, I couldn't have done that.

Great job.

Voting correctly only gets you half a point in this game.

It's amazing.

Yeah.

It's really about that.

What do I win?

You win the opportunity at the end of the show to sing us one of your lovely songs and play your record.

Oh, that's great.

Yeah.

Boy.

Congratulations.

Is your label Motown Records?

Oh, is that in Detroit too?

That's right.

Motor City.

Oh, yeah.

Kiss.

Detroit Rock City.

Patrick Fugit.

Right.

Do you know Ted Nugent?

Ted Nugent, the Motor City madman.

Do you want stuff together?

No, I don't like him.

He's racist.

Yeah, I love that.

He's the one thing from Detroit.

Oh, you love that about him.

Well, I'm not supporting racism.

I'm just saying I support people who support racism.

Interesting.

All right, well, that's how you play.

Would you rather?

Of course.

It was fun.

Would you?

You almost pulled it out.

Yeah.

If you hadn't asked that question in the very end about how I felt.

It's a hard song to write lyrics to.

I don't think I can.

I'd love to hear some.

Go.

No, I know.

I said it's hard to do.

Go ahead.

Go ahead and sing something.

What you call it again?

Would you rather?

Yeah.

What?

I can't just wait and see what it's going to do.

What?

No, I can't do it.

Sorry.

Oh, good.

I know you're on a Sunday night.

I can't do it.

I know.

I can't do it.

Sorry.

You keep saying you can't do it, but what you've just done is gold.

I keep forgetting I'm not in my hair anymore.

I can do it.

I love that.

Yeah.

I don't know.

All right.

That's of course how we play.

Would you rather?

Guys, we're at the end of the show.

We only have one last thing to do and that is a little something called plugs.

Let's hold you some plugs.

See how you could have written that.

Now we fish playing all our games.

Now all that remains are gloves.

Well, you can plug whatever you like as long as it's the end of the show.

But if you plug before it's time, points will be to duck it for cross and see BB lines.

Let's have a good time.

Let's plug some shit.

We're out to sell.

Maybe concert tickets.

Got a lot of friends.

Also, hello.

Friends, I'll sing along.

It's time for a plug.

Nice.

Thank you.

That was Adam Blake.

Adam Blake.

Thanks for that song.

Let's all do some plugs.

You've plugged the plug guy.

Yeah, if they write a plug theme, I'll plug them.

Yes.

So if you have a plug theme, go head on over to earwolf.com .

Go to the comedy bang bang message boards posted in the appropriate thread and you can be famous.

And right now you're live on YouTube famous Adam Blake and your famous as well for the podcast listeners.

And let's open up that old plug bag.

What do you say?

Jeff, what do you like to plug?

Oh, the burn.

The Tuesday nights.

1030 means so much to me.

And you're suggesting people watch it.

I want all your fans to watch it, please.

And you have two more coming up this week.

This week we roast Black History Month.

I go out to Martin Luther King Boulevard and we have Michael Ian Black, Adam Corolla, Rod Small, and we're going to pay tribute to Joe Biden's Dead Secret Service Dog.

Did you put Michael Ian Black in there because of 101 crem ations?

Just put Michael Ian Black in there because of his last name, Black.

No, because he's hilarious and he's a good buddy and he's going to crush it.

I'm just saying Black History Month.

Oh, you're right.

Michael Ian African American.

You got very defensive when I asked you that and you didn't even understand what I was asking.

You're right.

I'm like a detective.

And what else do you have records to plug or anything like that?

Jeff Ross, Rose America is now on DVD.

Thank you for asking.

I blame it.

That's my stand up special where I go around the country making fun of people.

How do people get more information about you?

Jeff Ross, talk about it.

You can go to, you can tweet me at real Jeffery Ross.

Real Jeffery Ross.

Yeah, that'd probably be best.

Watch the burn on Tuesdays at 1030.

Thank you so much.

And you go to ComedyCentral.com and see when the reruns are , in case you have shit to do, Tuesdays at 1030.

Fantastic.

And Sarah, what do you have to plug here?

Well, during the show, I decided I'm going to write another book.

What?

It's a sequel to Better?

Yeah, it's called I Love That.

I Hate That.

I made that up.

Wow, why would you call it that?

Because it's going to be, you know, chapters where I just say things like, I love getting a letter from my dad.

I hate Los Angeles traffic.

Wouldn't it be weird if guys had to wear their balls on their face?

I made that up.

Wow.

Do you like that?

That's a great book idea.

Cam has an author.

I mean, if I had that idea, I would write it into a sketch and put it in movie 43.

I think the movie 43 already came out.

I saw it.

Here's a title you'll never hear.

Movie 44.

Cam, what do you like to plug here?

Well, my book letters to mom.

Which has 8,000 in three letters.

Is it 8,000 in three pages?

Or do you fit 10 letters per page?

Yeah, no, they're pretty brief.

A lot of them are just...

There's only 803 pages.

A lot are just like email threads.

They're right.

Okay.

What's up?

That kind of a thing.

You could just email or you don't need to write these phony letters to her.

You're never going to send.

And he doesn't care if she ever reads them.

That's the other part that I don't put in.

You want to get me on the bestseller list.

Yeah, that's true.

And if you can think of anything old-fashioned, write me a letter to remind me of it.

Oh, like an old-fashioned letter.

Yeah, yeah.

Like pre-timeline Facebook.

Sure.

Yes, of course.

And Mr. Sexmith, what do you like to plug your record coming out?

I've met, yeah.

I have a record coming out called Forever and Dou.

You said it earlier.

Forever and Ever.

And that's coming out on the 5th.

And it features me singing a bunch of songs with some musicians.

And we're going to hear a song from it here at the end.

After we close up the plug bag?

Okay.

Sure.

I mean, I'll, I will signal it out of place, but I'll, sure .

Oh, do you have to arrange your capo?

Yeah, I do.

Okay, why don't you do that while I'm doing my plugs?

All right.

And I will then as well close up the plug bag.

So none of the plugs get out.

I'm done.

Oh, okay.

No, I guess I should do what I was describing then.

I have to plug, let's see, February 9th come out to Vancouver to see me at the Vancouver Comedy Festival.

I will be there with Paul F. Tompkins that will, yes, is Vancouver nice?

It's gorgeous.

I love Vancouver.

What, what's a plate part of Canada?

I'm from the other side of the country.

Oh.

The sort of, um, Kitchener.

St. Catherine's, Ontario near Buffalo.

Uh, you know, oh, okay.

Yeah, on the border.

Oh, interesting.

Buffalo, I remember being where Happy Days was set.

No, that was Milwaukee.

Oh, that was Milwaukee.

Yeah.

I don't know what was set.

Buffalo Bill was the odd couple set in Buffalo.

No, that was New York, wasn't it?

Hmm.

Erv Einstein?

Ervine?

Ervine Stein.

You don't know, he was the newscastern Buffalo.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah.

All right.

Yeah.

So we, I'll talk more about that in Vancouver, Ervine Stein , February 9th, and come up to see me there.

And that's it for me.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

What do you say?

Yeah.

All right, guys, that has been it.

That has been our show.

I want to thank our guest, Jeffrey Ross.

Thank you so much.

Thank you, Scott.

Very nice to have you on your first appearance here.

Well, you're friends are fun.

And you, well, your friend, Sarah Silverman is fun as well.

Thank you, Sarah.

Love you, me.

Thank you.

Thanks for having me.

Oh, our pleasure.

Cam, thanks so much for being here.

Good luck with your book.

Thank you so much.

And good luck with whatever, you know, your old douche collection or...

Anything like that.

Okay.

And Ron Sexmith, you will do us the honor of playing us out here.

Sure.

Fantastic.

And what do we...

Does this song have a name?

It does.

I was going to do one called, Sneak Out the Back Door.

Fantastic.

Kind of appropriate.

All right, this is Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Ron Sexmith, thank you so much.

Well, I've never been good at goodbyes.

I'm going to sneak out the back door.

Nobody can say that I didn't try.

Going to sneak out the back door.

Let it ride, let the whole thing slide.

Truth far from the shore.

Don't want to be missed.

It didn't even exist.

I'm going to sneak out the back door.

Nobody can say that I didn't try.

Going to sneak out the back door.

Let it ride, let the whole thing slide.

Truth far from the shore.

Don't want to be missed.

It didn't even exist.

I'm going to sneak out the back door.

Nobody can say that I didn't try.

Going to sneak out the back door.

Let it ride, let the whole thing slide.

Truth far from the shore.

Don't want to be missed.

It didn't even exist.

I'm going to sneak out the back door.

I got no small talk to speak of.

Going to sneak out the back door.

There's a man here talking my hero.

I'm going to sneak out the back door.

Until the night in the pale moonlight.

Can't have anymore.

More be on my way.

Got nothing to say.

I'm going to sneak out.

Sneak out the back door.

I feel a bang, a bang, anxiety at the society gathering.

I'm going to find me a corner.

This little jack on is unraveling.

Unraveling.

And when my life is over.

I'm going to sneak out the back door.

Before the moon turns sober.

Going to sneak out the back door.

I added much of a matter's touch.

No luck to be sure.

Could you give my regards to the people in charge.

We'll let sneak out.

Sneak out the back door.

Let it ride, let the whole thing slide.

Drift fire from the shore.

I don't want to be missed.

It didn't even exist.

I'm going to sneak out.

Sneak out the back door.

Mmm.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Thanks.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪ Ear wolfs ♪ This has been an Ear Wolf Media Production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit EarWolf.com.

♪ EarWolf Radio Boom.com.

♪ The Wolf Dead.
