---
layout: page
title: 199. Gillian Jacobs, Paul F. Tompkins [16848⧸21085].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Two of our old favorites are back. That's right from community whose fourth season premieres this Thursday on NBC.

Our old pal Gillian Jacobs is back and her old pal that she has a little bit of history with.

If you heard the last time she was on the show, he is back as well. That's right. Gary Marshall is here.

All of that and more on today's ♪♪♪ Good fences make good neighbors, but a lack of curtains makes them great. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hey, great catchphrase. Thanks, Francis Rizzo III.

A lot of Francis Rizzos on the earwolf boards needed a Francis Rizzo III.

If you have a catchphrase, you know what to do. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. This is a fine February episode. Welcome to February everyone.

My name is Scott Ockerman. I'm your host. If this is your first time listening to Comedy Bang Bang, what up?

Or was up, right? Remember those days? Oh, man. Loved it. L oved it. I got a... I was on Hollywood Boulevard in Boulevard, as I call it.

And I got a T-shirt with that sushi chef on it and it said wasabi. Oh, man. So good. So good. So funny. Remember those commercials?

Anyway, welcome to the show. And we have a great guest here on the podcast today.

We have a long and storied history and we're going to get into it. But before we do, let me talk to my co-host here today.

And you'll know him just from his voice. That's right. Of course you will. Who else would it be? Who else would it be ?

Do you... Let me ask you this. Do you have other people who co-host this podcast with you?

All the time. Almost every week. Who would do it? Besides me, I'm a big-hearted guy. Why do you do it?

Why do I... Look, I'm a big-hearted guy. I'm trying to stay in touch. Your heart is abnormally large.

Oh, was I finished my sentence? I believe so. Oh, you believe so. Well, we all have different beliefs. Some people, it's like, Hey, you got a head of an elephant. I'm going to pray to you. Those are weirdos. Can't we be candid? Yes, they're weirdos.

Alright, good. So you're a big-hearted guy. I want to stay in touch with the younger people. Sure.

My grandkids are always telling me, Poppy, you got to check out these podcasts. Everybody curses. It's great.

Hey, if you're one of Gary Marshall's grandkids, enjoy this one.

I'm Gary Marshall by the way.

Gary Marshall is here, and this one's for your grandkids.

Please, everyone listening. Think of me as Gary.

Yes, please. By the compact of please think of you.

By the sacred compact of please think of me. I abjure thee.

Call me Gary. Thus the spell is completed.

Now, Gary, it's- Please call me Mr. Marshall. Mr. Marshall.

First the listeners get to think of me as Gary. You have to address me as Mr. Marshall.

Then I will say please call me Gary, but should you start with Gary, then- Am I forced the entire program to call you Mr. Marshall?

Please call me Gary.

Oh, okay. Thank you, Gary. Gary, if I may. Gary!

Gary!

No, you're making fun of it. It's a mockery what you're doing.

I am a comedian. That is my trade.

Is that all it is? Just mocking stuff?

That's all you got to do is just go, that's stupid.

I didn't realize it was so easy.

Let's see, I voted for a senator on election day.

Hey, it works. That's pretty funny.

Not bad. Welcome to the show Gary.

Gary and- It's not Gary.

That's three odds. It's Gary.

It is? Here's what that second odds does.

Scott, it allows you to take your time and enjoy saying a name.

It's like a vacation for your mouth.

That's- This is what I'm saying to you and to everyone who 's listening to me.

That's how I feel about the second T in my name and the Scott.

You know, just take your time on it.

Scott- It seems dismissive.

Yeah, it does sound a little sarcastic.

You can be a comedian if you say it like that.

Oh, that's true. Which you are?

I don't know.

Welcome to the show. The last time we spoke, not the last time actually, but the time before.

Yeah.

We had our special guest here on the show and I'm interested to see- Oh, I think I know who this is.

Yes, you're staring right after her.

That's why I think I know.

Okay, good.

But I'm interested to see what happened with your relationship because- Oh, I'll bet you are!

She's sitting here looking very uncomfortable.

Yes, she should.

I think that's more because of you though.

That's true.

We both have history with her in unpleasant history probably.

I know mine wasn't at the very least.

You will find out.

All right, well, if mine was.

We'll get a little catch up on that.

We'll reset.

Yes, of course.

Catch the audience up previously on- Previously on- How many- What's it?

Bing- What's it called?

Bing-bong.

Comedy?

Bing-bong!

Man, it's funny.

It is funny.

Yeah.

You know her from her work in film.

You've seen her- I've had that.

Waiting for the end of the world.

You've seen her in another Steve Carell- is that what it was called?

Another Steve Carell movie where she made out with him as well.

Was that- That picture was called another Steve Carell movie?

I believe so.

We're at that point with this guy.

It was said exasperatedly.

Another Steve Carell movie.

Yes, so first it was like Charlie Sheen, whoever, and then it was the Wayans brothers took it over.

Sure.

The Steve Carell movie franchise.

You know her from television and in- as a matter of fact, her television program premieres this Thursday on NBC.

Finally!

It's exciting.

I'm very excited because the last time we had her on the- television!

The last time we had her on the show was supposed to come out and then it was snatched from our grasps.

And yet now finally we are to witness the glory that is Community's fourth season.

Please welcome the star of the program above the title, Gillian Jacobs.

Hello.

Welcome to the show.

Thanks.

Very declarative.

Hello.

I'm really uncomfortable.

Baseline greeting.

You didn't tell me he was going to be here.

That's right!

Surprise!

Now for the listening audience.

You two, listen up.

Here's what it is.

The last episode, Gillian and I met for the first time.

She convinced me to murder my wife.

And marry her in the commercial.

Which I did during the commercial.

We did embarked on our marriage together.

Well, long story short.

We're not married anymore.

It did not go well.

I think- and let me say this.

Other people made this a grieve.

There's different schools of thought on this.

I'm not a marriage expert, clearly.

But I would say murder is not a good foundation for marriage.

For a second marriage.

Now take it for- You know what?

Good point.

Because it's not how my first marriage started.

No, you did.

Yeah, and that one lasted a good long.

How long were you married here?

Oh, for decades!

Until you murdered her, it was a great marriage.

You know what it was.

We were like comfortable old pair of shoes.

Yeah.

Just slip them on.

Until the one shoe murders the other shoe.

Commit shoe aside.

Oh, that almost sounded like a pun.

Which was not my intention.

But I still- I'm going to enjoy it though.

I feel compelled to tell the audience.

That was not a pun.

I want to hear both sides of this story.

You look physically ill.

Now we have our own history which- Oh my goodness.

She is physically ill.

Gillian, you and I have our own history which we don't need to go into because we've solved it.

Really, it's your god.

No, yeah, we don't- We've solved it all.

I actually thought of the other thing.

Let me catch everybody up.

Oh god.

You both have these smart phones.

You're playing this game.

It's called Words with Friends.

Turns out a bit of an ironic title because Scott trying to play multiple games with Gillian.

Gillian cancels all the games with extreme prejudice.

Scott says, why do you cancel the games?

Gillian says, you know, I'm not canceling the games.

Reading between the lines, it's clear she doesn't like him.

So, Scott confronts her in a public forum.

She's very uncomfortable by this.

Everybody loves it.

Do you think I should have confronted her in private?

Yes, that's what we- Really?

Yeah, what do you mock, man?

You gotta drag it out of the open.

Sometimes I think I'm Mark Merrin.

Sometimes I wish I was Mark Merrin.

Lock the gates.

Really, you think that you would have reacted a little better to it if I just called you up or invited you to coffee and said, Gillian, we gotta talk about it.

We prefer to resolve our conflict in private, not through the internet.

Alright, well, our conflict is over and I was actually thinking of starting a game with you last night.

Jesus.

Just for fun to see how you would have reacted.

Let me ask you this.

Are you playing this game with anybody else?

I am, although they've dwindled down to, I have a good three or four now.

Who are there still playing words with friends?

I play probably ten games at a time with Sarah Silverman.

Jesus.

What's the point?

Of playing games at all?

Paint games at it.

Yeah, you know what?

What's the point of playing games?

What's the point of art?

They short.

Why distract yourself with art?

What do you think the ultimate point of life is?

Living in a gated community in Bel-Air?

So much in accomplice.

See, that was the one thing we agreed upon in our marriage.

That's true.

I, too, was very interested in living in a gated community in Bel-Air.

What happened?

We talked about it all the time.

We'd be in the house in Bel- I was going to say my house.

It's back to my house again.

Yeah, it was.

That was a problem.

You never referred to it as our house.

That's true.

Didn't pull a madness on me.

Well, I fell.

What a madness.

Or a cross be stills a nudge.

I'm a bit older than you.

So, yeah, I never f- you know, I look.

I lived with my wife, Barbara, there for many, many years.

Please, she's a- Do you have a guilt when that's part of the problem?

If I got to hear her goddamn name one more time.

Oh, and the language.

We murdered her for you.

Yeah, it's over.

Now, his kids, his grandkids, the relatives, always talking about Barbara.

I couldn't stand it.

Oh, okay.

She hated it most of all when Penny would bring up all this name.

Oh, so you're seeing- you're talking to Penny again.

No, we don't talk.

She comes over to the house.

We're just staying separate rooms.

I like Penny's my favorite, though, actually, I have to say .

Yeah.

She's a pistol.

Mm.

Now- Kind of cute.

He is what- he is what the- Wait a minute.

She has some money that you're trying to- see, that was the basis of your relationship.

You heard how rich Gary Marshall was.

Yeah.

I'm pretty rich.

Yeah.

And you said, hey, let's hit yourself to that wagon.

Yeah, I wanted to live in Bel Air, don't you?

Yeah.

I guess so, but not- Everybody does.

Not enough to marry Gary Marshall.

Well, no, it's because we're two fellas.

What are you going to do?

Let's see.

No, you're going to dress up in drag?

Honey, honey, you can do that now.

What are you talking about?

Not in Bel Air, though.

We can get married.

Not in my- not in my Bel Air.

We got our own system of justice and laws.

So what happened?

I want to hear from both sides here.

Who wants to start?

What- I'll- I'll stop.

All right.

As always.

As always, I like this thought she likes this thought.

That's part of the problem.

Every time we go out to dinner with another couple, you know, you know that point with the two couples sit down across from each other and somebody says, who's going to start talking?

I really- I really draw straws.

You asked the waiter for three regular straws and one straw that's a little shorter.

Yes, but with all friends like- He takes his scissors.

All being the operative word.

All his friends are old.

We'd go out with Jack Jones and his wife.

I don't know who these people are.

He's a singe.

He's a famous- Stephen Edie.

Stephen Edie.

Oh, Jesus.

Stephen Edie.

Go away.

I did it.

You should have married him, Scott.

You'd get along great.

Maybe I should.

Do it.

Not in Bel Air though.

Not in Bel Air.

No gay marriage in Bel Air.

Gillian, what do you expect when you marry a man who's that much older?

Do you- I mean, he's not going to have a young friend.

I'm loving with me.

Go raves.

Stave with me.

Lead off.

I'm set in my ways.

I can't.

I don't- I got you to murder your wife within knowing you for 30 minutes.

I thought at least I could convince you to, you know, go to sayers with me.

Well, this- I might as well tell you now.

I faked Bobber's death.

What?

She's not really dead.

It was a form of non-lethal curare that I ejected her with.

She was just put to sleep.

Gillian, you are- what is happening here?

She is in a state of suspended- wait, so you- are you telling me you were Romeo and Juliet at her?

Yeah, except they're just Juliet at it.

Fucking Christ.

So wait, so we were never even legally married.

What are the laws on that, Gillian?

In Bel Air, yes.

I'm not entitled to any of your money is what you're telling me.

In Bel Air, no.

Oh, God.

You shouldn't have married me in Bel Air.

Oh, no.

The laws on that is if your first wife is in suspended animation, you cannot marry a new person.

Yeah, it's covered under- well, that's the law of the land.

But the law of Bel Air, I'm entitled to as many wives as I do.

Oh, okay.

I didn't know that about Bel Air.

Well, they never mind.

Then if Bigamy is allowed in Bel Air, then I'm legally married.

No, we're divorced.

Fuck.

I did the ceremony when you weren't looking.

What is that ceremony?

The Bel Air Divorce Ceremony.

How does that go?

It's, you have to go to Denzel Washington's house.

Okay, sure.

You say, hey, Denzel, get Paul Rizet again.

Hey, Denzel.

My man.

Oh, Denzel Washington, just walk it in.

No, that was me.

Oh, Gary.

You're a regular Frank Gaussian over there.

Thank you so much.

So, the Riddler.

So, sure.

For them.

Once again, who the hell knows who these people are?

Learn your Hollywood history, young lady.

No, learn my history.

What is your history?

Clubbing, partying, ecstasy, staying up all night, spending a lot of money, jets, drugs.

She spends so much money on glow sticks and jets.

Once you filled up an entire jet with glow sticks, didn't you?

And I coded the outside of the jet in glow sticks too.

Oh, man.

So, it looked like maybe a UFO fly.

Yeah.

I thought he'd be into it.

I thought I could get him out of these monsters and maybe into some alien, you know, hunting.

Aliens?

That's a hoax.

That's the other thing.

Oh, such things.

Extra-terrest drills.

The Wolfman's real.

They wouldn't.

Yeah, see, I'm going to find him.

The other thing we haven't talked about is Gary Marshall spends a lot of his free time hunting monsters.

Yeah.

What else am I going to do?

I mean, if there were some monsters at Teddy's, then maybe I could get into it.

But, Jesus Christ, am I going to go to- What places are you talking about?

Are there real places?

Hubs.

Teddy's?

What is that?

Like the brown Derby?

That's not the drawing room.

Teddy.

Step on Hillhurst.

That opens at 6 AM.

Hey, I know a lot of people that are there at 6 AM.

It's the finest.

I think I know a lot of the people that are there at 6 AM.

So, back to the ceremony.

You go over to the Denzel's house.

I got it.

The ceremony is you must go to Denzel Washington's house.

You knock three times on the door.

Denzel appears.

He says, may I help you?

I say Denzel, can you summon Paul Reiser?

I need to divorce someone.

Denzel walks across to Paul Reiser's house taking care to shield his eyes from Sylvester Stallone's house.

They all live in this radius, right?

Can I interject one second?

Yeah, sure.

He said knock three times.

I saw this on a James Bond movie the other day from Russia with Love.

He said, don't answer the door for anyone.

I'll knock three times.

I knock three times sounds like this.

How did you know the secret knock?

Wait, that's not everyone knocks.

You're like a baby.

What are you?

Since what?

What are you going to do?

You're going to come up to a door and knock once?

That's what I do.

Who just came in?

How would you hear if anyone just knocked once?

You would think it was a mistake.

People should listen more.

Another thing.

That's what we agree on that.

Yeah, we agree that you should listen to me more.

And we agree that I wouldn't do that.

Fucking worst.

All right.

So anyway, you're on your way to Paul Reiser's house.

Yes.

So then Denzel and Paul Reiser, they get together and they say, whom do you wish to divorce?

If that's Denzel, one more call from Denzel.

Is that your phone Gary?

Do you need to take that?

I do not need to take that.

I don't know my terms.

You carry an actual rotary phone.

Yeah, it's a rotary phone.

That you would get from like Sardos or wait, Sardos.

What am I thinking of?

What are you talking about?

You mean Sardos.

Sardos.

Yeah.

What am I saying?

Sardos.

He's fizzing the Green Lanterns' foe.

So, so Denzel and Paul Reiser say, in unison, they count down from three to one.

Do they do three to one and then the thing or do they like three knows one or what do they do?

Yeah, I think it's three knows one and then the thing and then they say, whom do you wish to divorce?

I say, oh, such fancy grammar.

They say, come on.

This is serious.

This is part of the script.

This is an ancient ceremony.

So then I say, I got this wife.

She's a pain in my neck.

They say, I hear you.

You are now divorced from her.

You didn't even have to give him my name.

Nope.

I just got to be thinking of it.

Who's the mayor of Bel Air?

It's more of a council.

And it's a council of elders.

Yeah, it's a council.

That's a thirteen.

Yeah, old.

Read old.

Yeah.

The elders.

I think there's more people my age in Bel Air.

In Bel Air, you thought there would be young people.

But a naive child.

How are young people ever going to afford property there in Bel Air?

Do what I do.

Maria Rich Old Man.

Who put his wife in suspended animation.

Yeah.

That's right.

Go back to that.

I want to hear a little bit about that.

What?

Oh, you find that interesting?

Where is she?

She's in an undisclosed location.

Descloset.

It's under Disneyland.

That's right.

I knew it.

I wanted you to take me there.

You wouldn't take me there?

Not even a club 23?

No.

Wouldn't do it.

That's why I have to go to the drawing room at 6am.

Well, you're still awake from the clubbing.

Yes, exactly.

That's why the drawing room is the most useful bar in LA.

Is that the only suspended animation facility in the United States?

That's why I guessed it because that's where it just is.

It's one of three.

Oh, okay.

Where are the other two in the US?

The original.

Consulental.

Yeah.

The original Cheers bar.

The Bullen Finch.

The other two are just inside there.

Under the bar?

I can't remember if it's above ground or not.

It might be in plain view.

Okay.

That's a big thing about these secret suspended animation locations.

Nobody can process it with their mind.

So sometimes they just stick them right out in the open.

Oh, really?

You mean if you look at it, you can't actually...

Your mind will make up an excuse for what it is.

Okay.

That's why the other one's on Lincoln's lap in the Lincoln Memorial.

What?

Yeah.

Lincoln's lap.

Yeah.

Just laying across his lap.

Really?

And he's like stroking it, like petting it, like a cat?

No, he's still just a statue.

I know, but I mean his hand is in that position.

No, his hands are on the chair.

His hands are on the chair.

On the arms of the chair.

Are they or are they on the thing?

Because I've...

I know what I see.

How did you become so attuned to being able to see these things?

I'm one of the Illuminati.

What?

Yeah.

We are getting some major revelations here.

We already knew that.

That's news?

I think people assumed that...

Right.

Maybe you guys talked about it on one year.

Well, on the uptake over here.

One of your dinners with Stephen Eddy.

God.

So, who else is in the Illuminati?

Uh, boy, a lot of people.

There's more people than on in it.

Oh.

It's a matter of fact.

In the United States?

Yeah, it seems like it's an exclusives.

It's like six people.

It's like six...

Six billion or a million people in the United States.

Neither.

How many?

32.

Are you going by the McDonald's hamburger sign?

I'm trying to remember because I looked it up the other day .

I hate when you make me laugh.

Yeah, if there's any consolation that sounded like a polite laugh.

I'm looking it up.

How many people in the United States?

Yeah, this is great podcasting.

Too many.

You guys have sold on one second.

All right.

Too many.

There's another thing.

We talked about genocide all the time.

It was unpleasant.

I would just like to have no traffic in Los Angeles and if that means killing millions of people, I'm fine with it.

I was way off.

311 million.

Yeah.

That's a lot of people.

It looks like six million people in Manhattan.

I knew it was three something.

I thought it was three billion or three million.

That's China.

It turned out it was 311 million.

I don't know.

Come on.

11 million people are in the Illuminati.

11...

Wait.

Wow.

But that leaves 300 million who aren't.

That's right.

It seems fair, right?

But I thought you said that there were more.

It was a figure of speech.

Let's not crucify Gary Marshall.

What would happen if we did crucify you?

Well, you'd find out in three days.

Hey, either come back or I don't.

I'm just as curious as you.

But please don't crucify me.

It's like I wonder if I'm bulletproof.

Do you?

I do, but no one's ever shot me so I have no idea.

Maybe that will be found out by the end of this episode of comedy being bombed.

I wonder.

Now you got me wondering.

So guys, I want to get to exactly what happened with the marriage here in just a second, but we have to take a little break.

Is that okay?

No, but...

Do we have any choice in this?

I wonder why you came.

Is it just to promote community on this Thursday?

Yeah, we need it.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, we'll talk about that too when we come back.

We'll be right back with a little more Gary Marshall, a little more Gillian Jacobs.

Just a little more.

Just a touch more.

Just a scooch.

We'll be right back after this comedy baby.

Comedy being bombed.

We are back here with...

Comedy being bombed!

With the bespectacled Gary Marshall and Gillian Jacobs.

They've put on their sunglasses because they can't bear to look at each other, I think.

And you.

Oh, right, of course.

It doesn't hurt.

And Gillian, you're on community which returns to NBC this Thursday.

Allegedly!

We may be recording this and they may pull the rug out from under us like they did the last time you were on the episode.

The last time you were on an episode we fully expected it to be on that week and then right before we were putting it out they snatched it away.

It was an awesome disclaimer though that you guys put on before the episode.

So it was almost like it was worth it to not have the show in the air.

Gillian, I know we ate each other's guts but let me ask you this.

Can you see a scenario whereby NBC premieres the show and then...

Like it gets a minute in and they say, you know what?

No, we're going to stop and we're going to throw in a rerun of Whitney or whatever and then we'll let you know when it comes on.

Yeah, yeah, I could see that happening.

They like to play it fast and loose over there with this schedule.

Sometimes they cancel a show after one episode like the next day.

Why not one minute in?

You know they go, you know what?

This is not working out.

We've seen enough!

Yeah.

Twitter is not reacting favorably.

Yeah, I'm pretty sure if we have zero trending topics, so just pull it.

How many trending topics do you like to have when it episodes on?

We like five!

Five is a good number!

Five is a good choice!

What's going to be trending this Thursday would you say?

What's going on in the premiere?

Uh...

Premaier.

Let me remember what this episode is about.

Yeah, it's been so long since you filmed it.

So long.

The gang is back.

The gang's all back together.

You got...

It's...

Brita.

You got...

You got the Asian person.

Senior Chang.

Right.

And the rest.

Yep.

That's what they call themselves.

The rest.

What's the rest?

It's like Gilligan's Island.

And the rest.

What's the plot of this season premiere?

I think it's senior year, so people are having some senior year anxiety.

You guys are about to graduate college and what happens.

Will we?

What happens after?

We will graduate.

Do people want to graduate?

What is graduation?

See, this doesn't sound like a story.

In my day when we were doing sitcoms.

Hey, yeah, back in your day, you just get a guy in a shark.

Hey!

How many years did that run and ran for a million years?

You guys, you can't even get a premiere to stick to one day .

Hey, to be fair though, Gary.

Happy day.

What is Mr. Marshall?

Okay, Mr. Marshall.

If you're being confrontational.

So sorry, to be fair, Mr. Marshall.

Please, call me Gary.

All right, Gary.

Happy days was in trouble.

Yeah.

Happy days was in a lot of trouble.

It was a single camera sitcom and you had to switch it to a multi-cam in order for it to get any traction.

Like a ball night.

We elected to switch it to a multi-cam.

In the middle of season two, much like up all night, you switched it to multi-cam because you were just trying anything.

You were throwing shit against the wall.

I beg your pardon.

That's how I just grabbed most of your programming.

Yeah, just throwing shit up against the wall.

My great kids will enjoy that Christmas.

If I had to listen to one more episode of Joni Lo's Chach iki, I'm charging.

How are you listening to me?

Joni was in a original series.

Joni was in love with a homo figurine.

And only she could hear a talk.

I can't understand his accent.

It's like Chachiki to me.

His classic sitcom plot.

Okay.

Somebody writes a letter in a fit of peak.

They sent it.

Oh no, that letter.

I sent it and then it took the person I sent it to turned out to be a nice guy and I read it all wrong.

I got to get that letter back.

Right.

Assassinate the mailman.

Yeah, that was an early draft.

The network didn't care for it.

Okay.

So then what did it do?

They got the assassination of the government employee.

Another classic.

Two characters.

They don't like each other.

They're trapped in an elevator together.

They learn a little bit about each other before the elevator is in it.

The worst.

You don't like these plots?

It sounds like community could benefit from these types of plots.

This is the quick sand upon which situation comedy has built this shit programming that he put out for years.

So what's so much more about community?

Character.

Callbacks.

Easter eggs.

What was the first TV show that Easter eggs?

Hey, wait, you need like a glossary to watch this show.

It's like, what is this Frank Herbert's dude?

I know that you like to turn your brain off when you turn on the television, but the loyal, small band of viewers of community enjoy comedy that makes them.

Listen, I watched the television.

I just want to be entertained.

He never watched an episode of community.

That was the moment I watched.

I had to watch Joni Love's Chockeys.

How could he?

By the time you got to watch Joni Love's Jotchi?

By the time you guys got married, it wasn't on the air and it hasn't been on the air until this week.

I got to do DVDs.

In Mr. Marshall's defense.

The one time, please call me Gary.

The one time I tried to watch an episode of the show.

In the first minute I was lost because there's so much history about the characters.

I was like, why was that a funny joke?

She says, because of something.

It was the pilot.

This is how little grass pee has on reality.

We watched the pilot.

Sorry, my blood sugar is dropping.

Just being around him sends me to a diet bed shop.

I have a score bar.

It's not a score bar.

What do you eat it?

It's a thin, thin, divine.

Is that what a Hollywood actress has to eat?

Think thin.

It's smart decadence, like me.

Jesus.

Okay, so community, coming back and you don't know what the plot is and what's up with the Halloween episode?

That's going to be one of our best of the season.

You're switching it over to, is it still going to be Halloween or is it Valentine's Day?

No, it's not.

We're doing Halloween Thanksgiving and Christmas and they 'll be airing in March and April and May.

How come you didn't do a Valentine's Day?

You know what, get out of here.

Sorry.

Can I get my lawyer in here?

I don't want to have to sit in a room with him anymore.

You know what?

I think it's okay because when you watch a movie, say you 're watching a nice Shane Black movie.

Okay, like.

Love a Shane Black movie.

Iron Man 3.

I can't wait.

Kiss Kiss Bing Bong, right?

Sure.

And you're watching this movie and it's set at Christmas.

Okay, usually you're watching it what?

You could be watching it at any of the 366 days of Halloween.

That's right.

It exists forever.

You can enjoy it anytime.

Yeah, tell me about cinema, Gary.

Tell me your thoughts on cinema.

Hey, he is a great Mr. Marshall is, I'm sorry, I called you Mr. Marshall when you told me to call you Gary.

Please continue to call me Mr. Marshall.

All right, Mr. Marshall is a great director.

Frankie and Johnny.

That's right.

Really, you don't like Frankie and Johnny.

Oh, for any woman, when a bachino's greatest heavy young actresses love pretty women.

My mom wouldn't let me watch it.

Why is that?

Because it romanticized prostitution.

What's wrong with that?

Nothing for men.

Could you chew right into the microphone, please?

Your divine decadence.

This is what divine decadence sounds like.

It did so much romanticized prostitution as it exalted it.

And exonerated the Johns.

That's right.

They're just guys that looking for companionship.

Please, Gillian.

I would think you would relate because you married me just because you were a little bit too married me just because I was rich.

I married you first and then I got your money.

Wait, so how much money did you end up with Gary?

That's true.

Yeah, that's usually how it goes.

Why, you don't think that?

Listen, when I found out that he was going over to Denzel Washington's house, I tried to grab as many valuables as I could, put them in my car and drive away.

Was it make some office equipment?

The stapler?

I got a fax machine.

Okay, good.

And I got one of his hundreds of rotary phones.

That's all I could grab.

Everything else is nailed down.

Nailed down, really?

Nailed everything down other than your fax machine and rot ary phone.

What would you do?

That's true.

Well, I also know things about, you know, thanks to being in the Illuminati about things that are going to happen to the earth in the coming years.

Okay, and so you want your stuff nailed down in case.

I would say nail your stuff.

Tornadoes.

Take it from an Illuminati.

Oh, you'll wish there were tornadoes happening.

Oh my gosh, you should put out a PSA.

Take it from one of the Illuminati.

Nailed your stuff down.

Tie your shoes tight, kids.

Yeah.

Talk to a policeman.

You ever do one of those more, you know, things, Gillie?

They don't want me for those.

No.

What?

You're one of the bright, shining crown jewels of NBC.

Are they still doing them?

Yeah, they're doing.

The vet Nicole Brown for my show has done them.

They don't want me for those.

What's going on?

What's wrong with your attitude?

Listen, I'm not a rough year.

First of all, it may be that you say listen to people, which is kind of a rude thing to do.

Okay, fine.

Maybe if you feel like it, listen to what I'm about to say.

If not, go about your day.

I don't say you don't need any kind of long.

What?

It's a little long.

Okay.

I've got a really rough year.

I'm really thinking of.

Okay.

Listen to this.

Yes, master.

Listen to this.

I marry a man.

I think I'm set for life.

Sure.

Community mayor may not be ending.

No, listen to this.

You're not listening to this.

Listen to this.

I'm worried, you know, I'm worried about my future.

Okay.

I don't have as much money as I'd like.

I have very expensive needs, tastes, desires.

Divine decadence.

I am into divine decadence.

I am divine decadence.

I marry a man I think is very wealthy.

He's going to be able to take care of me.

I am, by the way.

And he's going to die soon.

That's also true.

Or is it question mark.

And he's going to come back three days later.

Maybe.

Allegedly.

We'll see.

If I have super powers and that'll be even better.

So I'll have a rich husband with super powers.

Right.

Okay.

Not only do we get divorced.

My show gets pulled off the ear ear.

My show was going to air on an ear.

They were going to project my show on.

No rush more.

Yeah.

That's not happening anymore.

It's not on ear or television.

They got sued by the Alfred Hitchcock estate.

Yeah.

I get divorced.

I have no money.

No rush more just from earth by Northwest.

Yeah.

He doesn't know much about doing stuff.

Boom.

To scale models.

Yes.

That's right.

Okay.

I got nothing now.

My show is coming back.

Yes.

Very happy about that.

Excited.

All of a sudden you'll get the paychecks from that.

By the way, a lot of people don't know.

You don't get paid until your show actually airs.

So you've had no money for almost a year now.

No money.

Also I should tell you now under Belia Law I'll be garn ishing your wages.

See?

Who knew?

on her car as well. Uh, I let that go. Oh, that's nice.

Yeah. Too shitty. He didn't want it. That's true.

I don't know what to tell you, Scott. I'm in a bad place.

You're in a bad place. Yeah.

I was flying high the last time I saw you. Everything's gone to shit now. Well, here's what I suggest.

I think that we should have some sort of a contest to be your next husband here on the show.

That's a great idea. People love to get involved. It's interactive. Yeah, I think that we could put up some sort of a thread on the comedy Bing-Bong message boards where basically people sort of woo you and give a resume and could they provide bank statements that I mean, I don't need a good idea. Yeah. Let me ask you this. Is there any possibility people would react to this in a creepy way? I don't think so. I don't see how that would happen. I don't even know why I said that. Okay, good. Yeah, probably not. What is it you like in a man?

Other than, okay, other than money. What are you? I like a man. Wealthitude. Yeah. I love a terminal illness. Okay. I die for a terminal illness. Okay. Creepy senility. I also enjoy if he's not going to die. They have to have fresh.

They have to have young friends though, according to you.

Just be open to going to clubs. Why can't you go do your clubbing by yourself? Why do you need to drag poor Mr. Marshall? I get really drunk and I don't want to get a DUI. So I need someone to drive me home. Get a driver. I had a young friend she didn't enjoy. What's it? Oh, who's this? Thomas Gibson.

Away from Darmon and Greg. And criminal minds. Criminal minds more importantly. It's a fun guy.

Yeah, he keeps me young. He is kind of young. What is he?

Maybe about 45 at this point? Close to 50. I think. Close to 50? Yeah. I mean, that's not bad.

That's a step in the right direction. He was nice.

You seem kind of like you softened a bit when you remember that time. He asked you if you like baseball. He's got two shows and syndication. Yeah, it's true. Yeah. He was nice. He's older than you.

Sinner than you. True. He's not sick as far as I know. No, he's a fiddle. He could get sick.

Could get sick. What would you think if if Gillian here started dating Thomas Gibson? Are you more of a bros before hoes kind of guy with that effect your relationship with giving? I don't know what those words mean. I would say Tommy is a good guy. His life is his own. I'm not going to stand in the way of two people who are potentially happy together . I probably would say, hey, don't let her talk you into murdering anyone. Who would I need to murder with him? He's not married. I think he's single. Yeah. Yeah. That would be that would be a smooth transition. He's got an ex-wife. I don't know if that matters to you. Alimony.

No, see, that's what I liked about murdering your wife is no divorce. Suddenly you didn't have to split up your estate. You don't get half of the half. Yeah. You get half of the of the pot.

What do you get for like Darmon and Greg like syndication chats at this point? What do you think he 's getting a month? What are you getting for those? Darmon? Because of ABC, I made a deal with them.

Very smart back in the day when they said, hey, you got to make your show multi-camera show instead of a single camera show. I said, okay, I just need in return for that a cut of every future sitcom you ever produced.

Right. So out of Tommy's check, this is how we became friends, by the way, is he confronted me and said, who are you to take my money? I said, I'm one of the Bel-Air Illuminati.

Right. So he shut his mouth. I get roughly a quarter of every check that he makes.

A quarter of every check he makes. Yeah. Twenty five cents.

I still think that I got to kill you.

I mean, really for me. Hey, you're welcome to try. Why would you kill him? Because I, that worked. Yeah. But if I marry Thomas Gibson, I don't want to be giving a quarter of his checks to my ex-husband. It goals you, doesn't it? Everything about you goals me. Don't marry anybody from the ABC TGIF family. Those are my favorite shows. Don't marry her. Let's list them now.

Family ties. Family. That's a little bit. Oh, it's written.

In your old time slot, your new time. Family matters.

Family matters. That's what we're saying.

We got family. I get a quarter from everybody. Full house.

Full house. That's right.

That's about it. That's all I can think of. Step by step.

There sure. Yep.

What about a, do you get, do you get stuff from new shows?

Like don't trust the B in apartment 23? I still don't know what that B stands for. I think it's actual B. Wait, no, no, no. Please don't curse on this show. Bitch. Oh, no, I don't like the way you looked at me up from undo when you said that word. I'll use it in a sentence. It was chilling. You bitch.

Wait, how about a sentence you can't say? How about a sentence like don't trust the bitch in apartment 23? No, I like just you bitch. So you get some of that though. Yeah.

Okay. All right. Great. How about happy endings? Get some of that. That's right.

All right. Pretty much any of you. Hey, by the way, did you have a consent to appearing on that show?

I remember Casey Wilson has to. Yeah, if I would be on that show. If you'd be interested.

Has not happened yet. As of yet, but we will see. It's nice . It's nice that the writers were speculating that you might be willing to appear on a television show and have not got got that call.

This guy, do you know this guy named Paul off Tomkins? I do . He's a pretty good comedian. Yeah, pretty good. He was on community. Yeah. That's right. I remember that in a bar, right? Yeah. Yeah.

How did he do? Was he asked back? No. How much control do you have over that? 100%. 100.

Hi, interesting. Why don't you make your own money? I don't want to. It's hard.

Bestment's your well paid hard. I'm very tired. Okay. I just want to sit back. Listen to this.

It's true. She does not tell you to listen to things.

Listen to her. I don't listen to anything you have to say without you commanding me to. Listen, I'm just a guy. I know we've had a differences, but if you want him to listen to you, I will prompt him to listen to you. I think he'll respect it more. Okay, I probably will. So hear me.

Hear me. I'm tired.

Scott, listen to this. Oh, yes. Yes, sir, Mr. Marshall.

What the? You guys are sexist. That's what this is about. You won't listen to me because I'm a woman. That's why I have to say listen to this. I grew up in a different time. So that's my excuse. This guy is just a jerk.

He should know better Rosa Parks and so forth.

Mr. Marshall, I did want to ask about Barbara. She was in.

Oh, thank you. Gary, what happened with Barbara? Is she still in stasis or is she still in st asis? Laying you have frozen or no that we're divorced. It's nice to have the quiet around the house sometimes. I got the house to myself. I can watch all my sporting events. At what point do you think you'll wake her up?

I think what I miss. I think I think when you miss her, well, what I really miss. You know what I mean when I feel like, all right, enough for the boys night out. It's time to have a little Barbara back with boys night. Oh, you know, Washington and you.

You got that's right. He dental and Bob, you got this very rich. He was grandfathered in during those tastes great less filling. That's right. And then of course, Mr. Belvedere, I earn a quarter of every check that he gets for that. Yep, of course. Oh boy. Well, you guys, I wish that you weren't going to go to sleep angry tonight with each other, but it's not mad. Look at him. He's happy as a pig and shit. I'm the one who's on the street.

That's right. On the street. I'm going around pawn shop to pawn shop with a rotary phone and a fax machine. That's what I've got.

What is your situation? Where do you live? In my car. That 's right. She's the only working sitcom actress living in a car. Wow. What did you spend your money on? Listen, my wedding dress was very expensive and he wouldn't pay for it. And I really felt like I had to look great on that day. I thought it was every girl's dream to buy her own expensive wedding dress. That's true. What was it like?

It had diamonds. It had a lot of glow sticks sewn into it.

Very expensive. A couple Swarovski crystals. Some shot glasses that I stapled to the back. I was like a shot dinosaur, you know?

Yeah, we don't know what they were going to explain it.

Good. Stop.

Shot a sore. It was a fun party. I mean, people were just, you know, drinking shots off the back of my dress. Went on too long if you ask me. Sorry. 20 minutes. 20 minutes till 9 p.m.

Well, I got to be up in three hours to start my day. I feel bad. It wakes up at midnight. Wake up at midnight. Greet the day. Ask him what he does from midnight to 5 a.m. Ask me. Okay.

What's in it? Mr. Marshall, what's going on from midnight to five? I continue to write scripts for Laverne and Shirley. Why? I'm interested in seeing these characters and still alive.

They're still living with you. Yeah. And yet you don't talk to Penny, which is the real life Laverne. You can find out for yourself. You know, Scott, I guess in a way, I write these scripts as a way of talking to Penny. Oh my gosh. Can I please kill him? Please. Sorry. We're getting to the good stuff here. We're getting to the good stuff. This one always making that noise and saying gag me with a spoon. It's like you married moon zapp lers. Okay. So.

Valley girl. Have you ever thought that maybe your problems with women are a result of the relationship with your sister. You know what? I haven't.

But it sounds like you're right.

Okay. Well, there you go. So maybe that's the first step in order to. I'll call Penny tonight.

How much money does Penny have just to go back? Oh, she's filthy rich. All right.

Yeah, that league of her own. Their own.

Her own league of his own money. There. There. There's more than one woman. It was their league.

Yeah. You're exasperated with everyone. I don't know how anyone can stand you.

How would you feel if you were living out of your car and your only worldly possessions were a fax machine and a rotary. It wouldn't come to that with me because I'm nice to people.

Oh, it's so lucky. Oh, it's gonna come in. I'm having a pile of money.

You don't first of all, congratulations on living at that pile of money. Thank you so much.

Everybody's talking about it behind the gates. Yeah, I know . I hope to make it there.

Secondly, you never know what's going to happen. It's easy to say, oh, that wouldn't be me living in a car with a fax machine or rotary phone. Never say that you know what's going to do.

You bet it all on a diamond mine. Next thing you know.

Wow. All right. Well, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I had hoped that this might be the first comedy Bing Bong marriage. You know, people who met on the show.

That's right. There's there's UCB babies, people who meet at UCB and do improv together.

Oh, I thought UCB babies were it was like a dish where babies are born addicted to pot.

It's also a cartoon in the works with a tiny Matt Besser and a tiny Amy Poehler and you just see the mother's shoes and legs. But yeah, it hopes the mother is played by Viola Spolin.

That's a deep cut. Yep. I had hoped that you guys would be the first, you know, comedy Bing Bong marriage that lasted, you know. I mean, the bachelor has Trista and Ryan.

It's true. They're still together. Gillings crying. She's literally weeping.

What's wrong? What's going on, Gillings? What's the matter, honey? What's the matter, honey?

What's happening here? Carrie, I made a huge mistake. Would you have me back? Listen.

The best I can do because my wife is coming back any week now. The best I can do.

The best I can do is you can stay in the guest house.

Really? Yeah. You don't mean the guest house?

Now the guest house you should know it's a modified car.

Okay. The bum blocks.

It's behind the Hollywood YMCA. Oh, that's so better than what I got. No, it's got a toilet in it.

Oh, is it a holiday? A holiday toilet in the rumble seat?

The rumble seat. That's right.

Yes, an old packer. That's where the real rumbles are coming. All right. Carrie didn't like that one.

My grandkids sure like this. They love it. I, your grand kids love me. They do. You're not so much.

You know, they talk about you. You're a good kid. Come on.

Hey, look, I got.

I was a young, please call me Gary. I was a young guy once and it was fun to you know, say things you weren't supposed to say. Back when you were with the outsiders with the that's right. We used to go around stab at each other. Yeah , you know, the the Essie Hinton rumble fish years. Yeah. You know, boy. The woman author. Yeah, the woman author.

We know that's a woman author. Of course. Of course it is.

Yeah. I don't even know why I said that.

Why wouldn't we know she's a woman? You two pricks don't think that women can write books.

Sorry. Have you ever written a book? Yeah. What's your book ? How to get by?

Four wise. Well, look for that on audible.com. Who narrates that one for the audible gill bellows? Gill bellows. All right. We have to take another break. When we come back, we'll be right back with more Gillian Jacobs, aka Gil Bell ows. Gillian Bellows. Gillian Bellows.

Gillian Bellows and more Gary Bellows. We'll be right back after this. Bellows.

Comedy Bing Bong. We're back here with Gillian Bellows and Gary Marshall and Gary Marshall Bellows, please. Gary Marshall Bellows, of course. You're going to be when are you moving into that guesthouse slash holiday? I mean, what do you think listeners?

Should I move into a car? In my opinion. On single blocks parked near the Hollywood YMCA.

And for those of you that don't live in the Los Angeles area, it smells like vomit by that YMCA all of the time. In my opinion, you're opening yourself up to just a world of pain, just being around these guys. You know, you're going to be looking at Gary saying what could have been? Bean, yeah. And you're going to see Barbara Marshall Bellows and she's going to be there just taunting you. That's right. She'll be back. That bitch . You know, and I.

She'll never know what happened. I think you should move on to someone new. And there's plenty of Hollywood contenders out there. Well, we did say earlier that we were going to have some sort of contest and a content section. What is what is the con way 's wife is not doing so well.

What's the cutoff for you? How famous does someone have to be in order to date you? Like how many if you put their name into Google, how many unique searches have to come up for? Four.

Four? Anyone has four of these days. You could be very rich and have four Google results.

It's more of a bit to be fair. It's more about the money than about the fame.

Okay. So it doesn't have to be fame. So just you have to have a certain level of wealth. What is your annual income that you will accept? Because we don't want just any random jerk on the internet here who thinks, Hey, I got a shot. I can buy Gillian for 40 bucks. No, no, no, no. What can they buy you for? To purchase me. I'd say you have to have an annual income after taxes. Don't try and get by with you. No, you're pre-tapped. And after commissions as well. Okay. Good.

Good. Your agent, your manager, your lawyer, your me, your publicist. Yeah, the quarter that goes to Gary business manager, branding expert. Sure. All these things that we all have. Yeah. Yeah.

All that. I'd say two billion dollars. Two billion dollars.

So if you have two billion dollars a year and are spending your free time listening to podcasts, and it's, you know, when they're when you're working out, we're walking down the street. Everyone works out.

At road trips. You got to listen to podcasts.

Worships? Is that what you said? Worships. Well, you're in church. Yeah. In the house of worship.

Wait, what did you say? Woodchips? Woodchips. Where are you going?

What did I say? Walking down the street. Road trips. Road trips. Got it. Road trips.

But if you are a gigantic centi at guinea pig, and you're rolling around in some woodchips, why not listen to a podcast? Yeah, why not? The one commercial that I auditioned for and really wanted to get was a Dasani water commercial where I would have played a guinea pig. Wow.

You really wanted it. I really wanted it. Like Joan's directed or no, West Anderson directed all these commercials where people were dressed up as animals. I really wanted to play. And where are these animals wearing corduro y? No.

All right. Only boxes wear corduroy. If you have $2 billion a year, please go head on over to the comedy Bing Bong message boards and just type up a resume and Gillian, you're going to be how often do you promise you'll check the message boards? Every two to three minutes. Two to three minutes. Okay. So try to get in there as soon as possible, because you may be shit out of luck. That's for the grand kids. That's quite a toner round. So you got a squeaky wheel against the grease. Yeah. All right, guys. Well, it's time to play one of our favorite features on the show. It's time to play a little something called wood you rather.

Must you pound your pen into the table while the wood you 're out of the thing?

All right. Okay.

Right.

Time to play.

Right.

What's that?

The end.

Who said that?

It's a remix.

I believe it's a remix.

Time to play. Would you rather we all know how this is played?

People send me. Would you rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWIR.

Comedy Bang Bang. Would you rather comedy Bing Bong? Would you rather also works for that?

That was a close one.

Whew.

And don't send them to me personally.

And I.

What they can send them to you personally.

Sure.

And then I'll read them out loud and I will open the floor for questions.

And you are free to ask me any question you like in order to narrow down your selection.

I will then close the floor for questions.

You will vote.

I will tally up the points and that is how it goes.

You have a question before the question.

I don't have a question, but a statement.

Yes.

The last time I was here.

Yes.

I revolutionized this game.

That's right, because we didn't even read the questions out loud.

That's right.

Yeah.

It was very frustrating for the listener.

Yeah.

We all looked at it on Scott's phone.

And then we debated these two topics.

And no one knew.

For 10 minutes.

What we were talking about.

Nope.

And people were not happy about it.

Well, then let's do that.

Why are you so contrary?

I'm still poor.

Until I'm rich again, I'm going to be very angry.

You have to get your minds in.

No one's going to want to marry you.

I mean, yes, you're a Hollywood actress and you're your divine decadence and you know, you're obviously keeping your diet up, which is good.

Yeah, I need another one of those.

Obviously.

But you know, you need to be happy.

That's what people want is they want to be happy with someone.

Do they really?

I don't know.

Probably not.

All right.

This comes to us from Jeff Israel.

Wait, do you have a problem with the Jews now?

No.

Just trying to find another one of those think-thin bars.

Ah, found it.

All right.

Did you find it by thinking thin?

No, I just thought divine because that's what it's called.

I was actually thinking of the drag queen divine, but it works.

She's never fought for my thoughts.

Gillian, can you try to wolf that down and chew it completely by the time I'm finished with this question?

Sweetheart, can I try a bite of that?

I've never tried them.

Sure.

Don't always play.

Oh, God.

It's like young people food.

Gillian!

What do you have to say for yourself?

No, I think you should apologize.

I think you should say sorry.

All right.

It's time.

Gillie.

Oh, thanks.

I'm going to have a little bit of this.

All right.

Everyone take a break for us.

I could rock it or chew into this.

Hmm.

It's not bad.

Chocolatey.

Some coconut in there.

I'm tasting a coconut flavor.

Something fibrous.

I don't know.

It's like army food.

Why do you have to take off your glasses too?

Because every time you guys take pictures of me for this podcast, I look terrible on your website, so I decided I'm going to wear my sunglasses.

I like this.

And you have chocolate all over your teeth.

Please take a picture while she's smiling.

Please, please.

Those sunglasses make all the difference in the world.

You dressed up today, by the way.

Yeah.

You look great.

You're wearing a royal tenon bombs outfit.

Is it cosplay?

I'm doing royal tenon bombs cosplay.

I zod sweater dress.

Yeah.

Shirt dress.

It's what the men like.

I don't know.

It's fantastic.

Is it because we take pictures?

A little bit, yes.

Got a little sum for the fellas on the website.

You know, it's frightening looking at those pictures of myself on the Comedy Bang Bang Ear Wolf website.

Yeah, I don't agree to you.

Ah, ah, ah, ah.

I suck too.

I know I don't.

All right, so this comes to us from Jeff Israel.

I know Jeff, you've been breathless in anticipation since we mentioned your name.

But he's at Jeff Israel 25.

A lot of Jeff Israel's out there on Twitter.

He asks, would you rather eat every meal on the basketball hoop at Madison Square Garden?

What?

Or give every person you see directions on how to get where they are going.

All right, would you rather eat every meal on the basketball hoop at Madison Square Garden?

I don't understand that.

We'll get to it.

Or give every person.

But right now I don't understand it.

Okay, but I haven't opened the floor.

I mean, you are, it is just a declaration.

So you're within the rules of would you rather at this point?

Or give every person you see directions on how to get where they are going.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

I like it.

I have a question.

What'd you say?

I like cake.

Yeah.

It's questions time.

It's not declaration time.

Not a declaration under the wire.

I have a question.

Yes, of course.

Gary.

These people.

Thank you for letting me call you Gary.

Of course.

These people too, I'm giving the directions.

Do they always need the directions?

No.

And in fact, every single person you see, you stop them, you grab them, you shout in their face, tell me where you're going.

Oh, so I don't automatically know.

No, you have no idea.

How is that different though from how he walks down the street?

Oh my god.

That's true.

It's not that bad.

Another thing.

It's true.

I walk down the street and I yell and I'm constantly grabbing people by the lapels.

He thinks everybody wants to talk to him.

Let me tell you this.

90% of the people you meet don't know who the hell you are.

Ah, but the 10%.

They're thrilled to get Gary Marshall yelling in their face .

And plus you probably tell the other 90% who you are.

Of course I do.

And then they're thrilled.

Listen, I start.

Your words.

I start every interaction with a stranger by grabbing their lapels and screaming in their face.

I'm Gary Marshall.

Good.

Okay.

You would still start with that.

Okay.

Then you would say, where are you going?

Right.

And then they would tell you.

Hey, what did I just walk in here?

They would tell you and then you would say, all right, here 's what you're going to have to do.

And then you would do a breakdown of exactly turn by turn directions of where they're going.

Okay.

Even if they don't need it, they would just kind of, uh-huh -huh.

So the people, they patient with this.

Everyone is patient because first of all, it hits the trades that you have come down with this affliction.

So the famous Gary Marshall must now give every single person he sees direction.

So people are pretty patient with it.

Oh, so we're playing Spin the Glasses, by the way.

Of course.

So I pointed at you.

Are you going to kiss?

Oh, you're self-again.

So, uh, in this reality, I'm still me, Gary Marshall.

Oh, of course.

No, you don't get to trade body.

But I still have the same career.

It's not like history has been altered by this.

No, no, no, no.

It's not like we've gone back and you've killed Hitler or anything like that.

When do I develop this, uh, this, uh, compulsion or whatever it is?

You have it from the moment that, uh, you pick either scenario.

So if you pick the scenario, it would be the moment in your life that you're currently in.

I see.

All right.

Which you currently are.

So from this point on.

Yes.

From this point on forward.

Did this day fool what I would have to do then?

Yes.

Okay.

Do I still live where I live?

In Bel Air?

Yeah.

Next to Denzel and Bob Euchar and Riser.

That's right.

Yes.

Okay.

Also, yes.

Does it happen wherever I go?

If I go to Denmark, does it happen there?

If I go to Italy, if I go to Mongolia.

You, uh, basically download the GPS into your, uh, Also, he's giving real directions.

He's giving real directions.

No, he's not giving fake directions.

Well, I don't know.

He's not a trickster who's a good question.

He's an Illuminati.

What are they but tricksters, liars, Satanists.

You got me dead there right there.

You're giving real directions.

The minute you go to any different town, any different country, all of a sudden you get downloadable directions in your head.

What about from room to room in a building?

Yes.

Of course, you know the floor plan of every building anywhere you go.

So I might grab someone and say, where are you going?

He goes the fifth floor.

We're on the third floor.

I give him directions to the elevator or the stairs.

To the elevator and then which halls to go down, uh, in order to reach his ultimate death.

His or her ultimate death.

Why does that say, yeah?

It's not just men who are walking around office buildings.

Ladies go to different rooms and all of his buildings too.

Oh really? Do they?

They're not getting paid as much.

What about, what about if someone's moving within a room?

So they're crossing from one side to the other.

You know exactly how many steps that they have to take in order to get to where they're going.

So somebody even looks like they're moving someplace.

I grabbed them.

I say, where are you going?

They say over by the window.

I give them directions how to get over there.

Take five steps northeast.

And they're delighted by this.

They're fine with this.

Oh yeah, most people love it.

Because who doesn't want directions?

In this scenario.

Yes.

Uh, the giving direction scenario?

Yeah.

Not a lot about this one.

Not a lot about the best.

I'm curious about it.

I'm getting it to the basketball.

Sure.

In this scenario, where do people eat meals?

In the direction scenario?

They eat meals at center court, Madison Square Garden.

All right, I'm glad I asked.

Yeah.

All right.

Every single meal.

If someone reaches for a fork, is that technically enough movement for me to ask them where they're going?

And they give them directions to the fork?

No, they have to be in movement with their feet, or if they don't have feet, then they have to be...

Basically, their heart has to be moving towards, because the heart is the center of...

That was a spleen.

...a police spot.

You are not romantic at all, are you?

This is another problem with why you're releasing this.

She thinks we're gonna spleen this one.

Sorry, I'm Elizabethan about things.

No, a person has to be in progress, so a person can't just be sitting there, and you go, where are you going?

A person has to be in movement.

How will people know when I have entered dementia?

Meaning, once you entered dementia...

This sounds like crazy behavior.

How is anybody gonna be able to tell?

Yeah.

I think the people who know you best, like your barbers.

Ah, blah, blah.

Maybe you're Gillian's.

Maybe she would know.

You got to know me.

I feel like you know me pretty well.

Do you find that to be true, Gil?

Yeah.

Gilly?

Yeah?

Yeah.

Any questions about the hoop scenario?

Yeah, you haven't asked a single question.

I'm letting my wants and future husband talk.

Oh, get a load of this one!

Pretty saucy.

I like it.

You know what?

You keep me young.

Wow, you and Tommy Gibby.

Hey, Gilbellos.

So, I'm meeting every meal on the basketball hoop in Madison Square Garden.

Yes.

Is it including during active play?

Oh, yes.

If you decide to eat then, all of a sudden they make room for you.

Oh, so people are not upset about this?

No, I mean, it's a fun little trivia thing that is added to the sports history books.

Which hoop is it, by the way?

Is it the home team or do you wait for it?

Doesn't it switch each period?

It will not each period, but each half.

It's half time.

Each half time they switch it.

Each of the one half times.

Honey, honey.

I don't know about school.

I took you to that Lakers game.

I know, my friend.

You and Jack Nicholson, come on.

I know.

It's nice to sit with old people, but my favorite sport is still rugby.

It's the one closest to the Empire State Building.

Okay.

And what about during a concert?

During a concert like a fish concert, for instance?

Well, take that, for instance.

They will.

If you're ready to eat, they will stop the concert.

And Trey will say, what's going on, man?

And they will erect the hoop.

No clear everyone aside.

Now, is it okay?

Because it is a problem.

All these people at the fish concert, they're on drugs and they see my food.

And they're like, oh, I got those munchies.

I want to eat that food.

You're perched up on a top of a basket.

Well, sure, but they can climb up.

But they might start shaking it down.

It's like, look, if a bunch of brain-eating zombies try to get at you eventually, they're going to form their own pile that other zombies could climb up on top of.

This is a match.

Are you defaming fish fans like this?

I'm saying they're like brain-eating zombies.

But this is why you're constantly checking the Madison Square Garden schedule.

If you want a midnight snack and you see, uh-oh, fish concert going on, I better not risk it, because those concertgoers got the munchies, man.

So how many meals am I skipping to avoid these zombie-like fish fans?

I mean, it's up to you.

You can skip as many as you like.

All right.

But- Seems to me you'd have to move out of bell air.

No, no, no.

You're instantly transported.

Oh, come on.

The minute you want to- Oh, how convenient.

In both scenarios.

Is it- oh.

Because you're at the half- You're at the half-quall.

Half-quall, that's right.

Yeah.

So is it a instantaneous teleportation?

I don't believe in this.

It's uh- It's instantaneous- You may- You may- Hold on a second.

Let's explore- Yeah, okay, Daley.

What don't you believe in here?

Teleportation.

I don't believe in magic.

What about hypothetical situations?

You don't believe in your heart.

I believe in my sleep.

You don't believe in magic.

No.

What- What- What happened to you?

Truth, life, facts, walking down the street, finding a cigarette on the ground.

Picking it up, putting it in your mouth, lighting it, getting a bad infection, dying, that's what I believe in.

What a horrible worldview you have.

What are the creative discussions like with the uh- the writers of the show that you're on?

Because do you- Do you read a script and you say, Hey, this is fake?

None of this happened.

Why do I want to bother with this?

Yeah, none of this is real.

My name's not Britta.

There's no Greendale- Yeah.

No, yeah.

Every week it's like this.

Every week.

So what?

How did they finally convince you to act in the show?

To get a nice little cattle prod over there.

So when people are watching the show this Thursday, they should just imagine you having just been cattle prod.

So was my- Was your life with me so bad?

When that's your working life, I never prodded you with a cattle prod.

It really wasn't that bad.

Just a regular people prod.

That was really nice.

Honey, do you want to come back?

Yes.

All right, let's get back to this.

Would you rather- Then we'll- Why don't we- Why don't we make a wager on this?

If she wins, she gets to come back.

If you win, what do you want?

I want to take it back.

Okay, great.

Here we go.

All right, well, that's fine.

This is exciting then.

Because the stakes are high.

Any other questions here?

Are there other scenarios?

What's my favorite dinner in Madison Square, God?

On which scenario?

Either.

You have pineapple pizza on the- Just eating- California style.

Yep.

And- Hawaiian style, honey.

By way of California.

In the directions, it's a spam- Hawaiian!

All right.

Hawaiian style.

All right.

Any other questions?

No.

Any poi in there?

You get a little- Good catch, sweetheart.

You get a little poi.

You get a little pokey.

Okay.

Sure.

Why not?

Not about shave ice.

Sure, a little shave dice.

Shave ice.

Shave ice- Sorry, sorry.

Shave ice.

All right.

Any other questions?

Otherwise, I'm closing this down.

How much money do you have currently?

Oh.

I am bound by- Would you rather lose?

To answer truthfully.

You've caught me out.

How much money do you have, Mr. Marshall?

This is embarrassing, and I hope it doesn't sound boastful.

I have $300 billion.

What?

Yes.

Wow.

Between my own- Now your annual income- That's my daily income.

Daily!

I thought you meant I was to have on me.

Oh my god.

You got it.

You got to get in there.

I know.

I'm wearing my gold- I see what you're showing.

My gold ingot belt.

Under my shirt.

Oh my goodness.

All right.

Well- In your ermine socks.

Now that you've answered truthfully, let's close the floor for questions.

No more questions may be asked of any of us, nor are we bound to answer them truthfully.

Chunk-chunk.

All right.

So now we're going- We've got the law and order noise.

Yeah.

We're going to vote.

Gilly, how do you like to vote here?

I vote Gary Marshall.

You vote just Gary Marshall.

Whatever will make you win this so you can get back at his heart.

Yep.

All right.

Great.

Gary, how do you like to vote?

I vote Gillian Jacob's Bellows Marshall.

You know what?

You're both the winners.

Oh!

Of course we are!

And Comedy Bing-Bong is the winner because we're finally going to get this Comedy Bing-Bong marriage going.

That's right.

I think this is the time it's going to work.

It's time to have a baby, honey.

All right.

And that's how we play- Would you rather?

Oh, new Would You Rather theme, bro?

Hey!

And the remix!

The remix!

See how happy I am now.

I told you as soon as I got money.

I know you're just so cheerful.

Oh my gosh, you're so sparkly.

Buddy, yeah.

Hold on a second.

He is a thousand dollars.

Oh my gosh.

That's good to you.

What about for me?

All right.

There's only one last thing to do on the show and that is plugs.

♪♪♪ ♪ Flies ♪ ♪ Who here comes the flies? ♪ ♪ Flies ♪ Beautiful.

That is the Battle of Plugs Mountain by Nick Crefting.

Nick, thank you so much for that plug theme.

If you have a plug theme that is similar or even dissimilar , we'll take dissimilar ones.

They don't have to be- What if I have one?

Yeah.

Can I- I could send in a plug theme?

Yeah. Do you want to record one right now?

Let's- Oh yeah.

Put on the Freestyle Wrap battle.

Here we go.

And...

♪♪♪ All right.

Mr. Marshall.

Let's see...

2013.

♪♪♪ Well, my name's Gary Marshall and I'm here to say it's fine to wrap in a promotional way.

I've got some stuff that you like to plug and I say it out loud, not under the rug where you sweep things that you are ashamed of.

Maybe you've noticed someone in your past.

Don't do that.

It's nice to let people stay alive.

Plugs!

Go fuck yourself.

Whoa, for the grandkids.

That's right.

For my grandkids.

That was wonderful.

They love cursing.

Row.

All right.

So we'll use that on the- maybe we'll use that on the next episode.

I dare you to.

Okay.

All right guys.

What do we have to plug?

Gilly.

I'm going to be burning hundreds in Bel Air today and every day.

So nice.

All right.

And community obviously this Thursday.

What time?

Eight.

Really leading the entire night.

Yep.

Sorry, sweetheart.

Hey, I'm a PM.

Oh, honey.

I need to know if I'll be awakened.

Right before bed.

PM.

So, a late night program- My mom actually used to have to call my grandpa and wake him up to watch the show at 8PM.

Oh, how to do it.

Because he was already asleep.

Um, and why no longer?

He died.

Oh, so sorry.

Was this the guy with the brittle bones?

Yeah.

Oh.

So you suggest people should finish Wheel of Fortune then switch on over to NBC.

Yeah.

And watch- Isn't it the same network?

Is it the way of fortune on NBC?

It's syndicated.

Sorry.

I know.

It possibly is in some- Honey, you're the syndication god.

I haven't gotten there yet.

You and Thomas Gibson.

Hey, one day.

That's right.

Gibson and I- Gibby.

The syndication club.

Gibby.

I can't wait to join.

Sorry.

Um, Gary, what do you have to plug?

Uh, I'm just a- If you're a monster, give yourself up.

Yeah, we didn't talk about that a lot this- That's all right.

It's a constant interest of mine.

And I tell you why.

You would make it easy on an old man if you're a monster, surrender yourself to me.

You're not in it for the thrill of the hunt.

You would rather just capture these guys.

You want them to give up.

I'll be honest with you.

I've been doing this for a while now.

I have yet to catch a monster.

What?

Yeah.

You've never mentioned that.

I've gone to all the places- You've said they're all scared of you.

They all know your name.

You're like the Van Helsing of monster hunting.

Yeah, I'm assuming- I guess he was the Van Helsing monster hunting.

Yeah.

You're like the Sherlock Holmes of detectives.

Yes.

Uh, yeah. I mean, I'm assuming- I'm assuming- I'm assuming they're all scared of me.

And my name strikes fear it that a hodge because I've yet to catch one.

How would you even see- Or honey magic doesn't exist and there are no monsters.

Oh, gosh, Gilly.

This one again.

But no, let's see.

Yeah, come on, Mr. Marshall.

She's a wonder.

She's like- Call me Gary.

So, just if you're a monster, give yourself a hug.

Yeah, if you're a monster, please voluntarily surrender yourself to my gated home in Belgium.

Yeah.

And I promise you I will treat you very well as I put you on display for all the world to see.

Yeah, fantastic.

What do I want to plug?

I'm going to be in Vancouver this Saturday.

So if that show's not sold out, come on out and see Comedy Bing Bong over- Like the Vancouver live shows.

Yes, that's right.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Closing up- Yeah.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

Bro.

Yeah, that was not the remix.

That's the old one, actually.

That happened in the remix.

Oh, well.

This guy's asleep at the switch over here.

Engineer Frank, come on.

Get the remix going.

Oh my god, that's all right.

You don't have to find it, don't worry.

No, you should find it.

You think he should, all right.

I think so.

Find that remix, Frank.

There's people that listen to have OCD and stuff.

They need to hear it now.

We've talked about it too much.

Just like, hey, baby, I have it.

All right, and here's the remix.

Closing up- Yeah.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.

Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.

Bro.

There it is.

All right, guys.

That's it.

Worth the wait.

W-T-W.

Also, thanks to Brian Deloach, who, one of our donors, he donated $100 to Comedy Bing Bong.

Thank you so much.

Oh, actually, he did it to Comedy Bang Bang even.

Not Bing Bong.

Whoa, hey, come, Bing Bong gets the shaft.

No, Bing Bong, Bang Bang gets the shaft, because Bing Bong gets the money.

I don't understand your system or how that guy's name is, an OK thing to say out loud.

It sounds unpleasant.

Good, good, good program, guys.

Good program.

Are you happy now?

Sorry, sorry.

She had to pretend to be happy there for a second, because I was looking at her like, come on.

Please, she hasn't touched money in 30 seconds.

She's only, what happened to that $1,000 that you had?

It's already gone.

She burned it.

Yeah, she loves burning money.

Oh my goodness.

I'm cold all the time.

All right, guys.

Well, thanks so much.

Thanks so much for dropping by.

And I hope the next time you guys are on the program, you'll have kids that your grandkids can be related to.

We will.

Oh, I get so much more money if we have kids.

Yeah, please, bring the kids next time you're here.

I would love to give my middle-aged grandchildren.

A man infant.

Can't go.

All right, we'll talk to you then.

Thanks.

Bye-bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media Production, executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio, boom.

Talk on.

Um.

The Wolf Dead.
