---
layout: page
title: 2. Aziz Ansari,Kevin Nealon [143⧸21186].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Coming up on this hour, we have SNL's Kevin Neeland.

A little later.

We also have my co-host from Parks and Rec and Observing Report.

Aziz Ansari is here.

Plus a little later, we will have Doug Benson from Best Week Ever.

He's going to be telling us what he thought of Star Trek.

Comedy death ray radio is on now.

♪♪ ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Shortbacks, shortbacks in!

♪♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ you know, the ultimate distraction, because I was explaining to someone, it's like all comedians like doing it's just like thinking of dumb things to say to people and saying them to people.

And if you have a thing where you can just say it and you know thousands of people are gonna read it, yeah.

Oh my God, you're just gonna do it all the time.

Now you have thousands of people following you, is that correct?

Yeah, I think I might hit the 25,000 Mark.

Whoa, 25K.

Yeah, let's see.

All right, I'm trying to break 10.

No, that's not true.

What?

I only, I have very, very, to people not know how to find you, there is a few.

No, no, they find me, but I reject a lot of people.

Oh, you're right.

I only want quality.

Yeah.

I want quality flowers.

Yeah.

You have to.

Very selective.

So I have a few days.

10 followers.

In economic climate.

10 followers, I have five stalkers, I'm proud of that.

I'm a Twitter whore, I just accept everybody.

Yes, you're like, yeah.

I actually don't even have an accept process.

People just hit follow and done.

Wow.

Yeah, no, I am, I have very stringent requirements.

First of all, they have to have a phone.

How can you tell if they have a phone on your Twitter account?

And landline, you don't accept those people that use just cell phone, landline, old phone.

They have to have a great connection in order to.

And their landline have to be using Vonage.

Wow.

Yeah, this is really.

Wow.

You might think about opening those up.

You might get a little, a few more.

Kevin, it's been a, it's been a weird couple of weeks.

A lot of celebrity deaths.

We had Danny, Danny Gans last week.

Oh, yeah.

And Eloise, we have a B Arthur.

Just, just died to it.

I mean, it's been, it's been weird.

Yes, B Arthur, she was a good man.

Yeah.

She is an honor.

But very talented, all three, very talented.

Yeah.

Just, it's sad.

And you always wonder who's going to go next.

And you hope it's not you or myself.

It's these.

And what's really sad is Danny Gans used to do a great B Arthur and a great Dom Dely.

So it's almost like they died twice.

Well, they actually, that's how he average is.

Danny Gans is B Arthur.

That was the marquee out front.

Oh, really?

I hadn't been to Vegas lately.

I hadn't seen that.

Yeah.

But yeah, there are a lot of deaths out there.

A lot of deaths.

And there will always be a lot of deaths out there.

And as soon as you get used to it, the better off you'll be .

Like that.

Now, tell us about weeds.

Weeds is coming back on Monday.

Well, Scott, weeds is a show on Showtime.

We're going into our fifth season.

And it's very exciting.

How'd you get hooked up with that?

My man.

Just you were hanging out with me.

My guy.

No, I got an audition.

And I don't know, an audition.

But my agent sent me the script.

And when I heard the title, I thought, ah, I don't want to do a stoner or a silly stoner show.

And then I read it.

I thought, hey, this is pretty good.

It's good writing and stuff.

And the part kind of fit me.

And I went in and read for it.

And you have to go and read for things my manager tells me.

Really?

Because you know, it's not like you.

I always was under the impression that Kevin Neeland did not audition.

Well, that's what I send out to people.

Mainly because you didn't get auditions for a while.

Yeah, that's all.

But then when they offered me an audition, I said, I'll take it.

So it's very humiliating, in a sense.

When you've been in the business for so long, and then you're sitting in the audition with people that just got off the bus from Oklahoma that want to be an actor.

Wow.

And but you know, in addition, well, John Hill.

John Hill.

Did he ask you to hang out with him?

He did.

I auditioned for the part.

And I got it.

And I forgot about it.

You know, as a guest star part.

And then it got picked up.

And they asked me to be a regular on it.

And how many seasons?

I want to say 12 seasons.

You want to say 12, but you're going to say this is our fifth season.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

What part do you actually play?

I play the part of Doug Wilson.

I started off as an accountant on a city council in a town called the Grestick.

Now we live in a town called Renmar, which is down by the Mexican border.

But we actually shoot in the South Bay, not too far from my house.

Where do you live?

I live in San Francisco.

What's the address?

Oh, the address is, oh, it's on one of those streets down there in the South Bay.

It's that house.

You know the one I'm talking about.

You live in San Francisco.

You just, uh.

No, I live in the South Bay down here in Los Angeles.

Oh, OK.

A little bit south of LAX.

It's south of the Bay.

I don't know what it's like.

It stands for.

Yeah.

Why did we start talking about what we were talking about?

Well, we were talking about weeds.

And you wanted to know how it came about.

And we've picked up for another season already.

So the week of season's season's.

Thanks.

Well, I don't know if I'm going to be part of it.

But the show's been picked up.

Either way.

Still your legacies.

Yeah.

When you're on a show that's on like Showtime or HBO, you must just assume that you're going to be killed off in a really grisly death at some point.

I mean, do you think that's coming for your character at any point?

Well, again, we all die sometime.

You know?

And it's a very morbid show today.

Well, it's modeling.

And it could happen.

It's got a lot of Bayfills.

You know, I don't, my wife and I were just having this discussion on the way there.

Your wife, Susan Yiggly.

She's a very talented actress.

Committed actress.

Yeah.

Almost famous.

Her name is the movie she was in, one of them.

But we're just saying how you can't really have expectations in this town.

Because you don't want to be let down when you start hoping for something.

This is, you know what I'm talking about.

Yeah.

I always assume the worst.

I assume nothing's going to work out.

Everything is going to be in the life.

That's why.

And usually everything does.

So I'm not super.

Wait a minute.

Everything's worked out for you.

And then you've disappointed.

I've gotten everything you've ever wanted to show business.

It's all got a cup of graduate burning, Sue.

I'd share a shit.

Well, see, Aziz has got the other problem.

He doesn't expect things.

And then they happen.

And then he's disappointed because they happened.

Yeah.

That's going to reverse disappointment.

I'm disappointed that the failure I expected didn't happen.

Yeah.

So it's always, there's always something going on like that .

There always is.

So weeds will be coming back.

We will take a look at that on June 8th.

We're going to take a close look on June 7th.

No.

OK.

Now that can be tested.

So that one.

Aziz, I'm pointing at you.

What?

Oh, thank God.

I thought you were broken for a minute.

All right.

Let's go to a song.

This is a flight of the concords.

We'll be right back with Kevin Neeland and Aziz Ansari.

MUSIC ND1031, Comedy Deathray Radio.

We're here with my co-host Aziz Ansari from Parks and Rec.

Hello.

To have your season finale.

Yes, on Thursday.

On Thursday's.

On finale.

Will that park ever be built?

I don't know.

We'll find out on Thursday.

You do get to meet my wife in the next week's episode.

Really?

Who plays your wife?

Or is that a spoiler?

You know, I'll let you find out on Thursday.

Oh, my God.

I'm so excited.

Will Thursday ever come?

We also have a special guest, Kevin Neeland from weeds.

And SNL is here.

Tell you what, we have a caller.

Why don't we find out what's going on on the hotline.

877-900-1031 is the phone number.

If you want to call in for Kevin Neeland and Aziz Ansari.

Hello.

What caller are you there?

Hello.

Am I the caller?

You are the caller.

Sweet.

I had a question for Scott, I guess.

You guess?

I guess.

I guess you'd be the one that would know this answer.

Sure, why not?

It's not releasing a lineup for Comedy Death Ray anymore.

It's been like three weeks.

I release it every week.

Where are you looking?

This is more of a personal call.

Isn't it?

No, it's a well-picked game.

I'll call me Death Ray.

I just, by every time I go to the ECB site, I've been line ups never posted in the next week.

I never want to wait in an hour long line to just...

Tell you what.

I want to go in.

Tell you what, Twitter.com at Comedy Death Ray will release all the info.

Actually, tickets are up on sale right now.

Dex Shepherd is there this week as well as Andy Kindler and Matt Besser.

That shows Tuesday nights.

That's the show that we base the radio show on.

Tuesday night to the UCB theater, you can go to ucbtheatre.

com to buy tickets.

830 on Tuesday.

We'll try to get a little better about posting those.

You can go to ComedyDeathRay.com also and check out the lineup, although I haven't posted it because I'm here at the radio station.

All right, awesome.

Thanks, and these, Kevin, all of you guys got.

You guys are all awesome.

Thanks so much.

Thanks, man.

How many people does that room seat?

It seats about...

If we get creative, it can maybe do 140, 170.

It's such an intimate room there.

People are right up in front of you and around you.

Very fun room.

How do you feel about that?

Do you like comedy when people are...

I like that.

Yeah, you like it right in your face?

Yeah, like a good face.

I like it when they're under me as well.

We've thought about putting it in a glass floor, sort of like that club on Koenga, where people can just look right up at your ding-dong, I guess, is the medical term for it while you're doing comedy.

Kevin, you have a movie coming out that is one of the things you want to talk about, Aliens in the Attic.

Well, yeah, it's a film that I shot in New Zealand last February.

And it's...

Is that how they say February in New Zealand?

Well, you know, February's a hard month to pronounce.

Very...

It's got the R in there.

Yeah.

You know, you can't say it without sounding drunk.

You're like, February...

A lot of months have R's in them.

I think it's going to be February, it should be January, too.

January, February.

The drunk months.

But anyway, it's a family action film.

And I go on a fishing trip with my family and I meet up with my brother there and his family and the kids run into some Aliens in the Attic.

While you were away, the kids run into...

So it's like Home Alone.

Home Alone meets Gremlins.

Oh my gosh.

So it meets E.T.

Meets Closin counters.

Meets.

The last Starfire.

Arachnophobia because of the Attic stuff.

Yeah.

And it meets Rear Window.

Meets.

Where does this meeting take place?

In a fishing cabin in Maine.

Really?

Supposedly, or Michigan.

They all just get together and they talk about what kind of movie.

And here's Susan the Cast.

It's Andy Richter.

Oh my gosh.

He'll be a guest on this show in a few weeks.

Oh nice.

Andy Richter, Timmy Meadows.

Very funny.

Doris Roberts.

Very funny.

Ashley Tisdale.

Very funny.

Dumdellowies.

I didn't think you would say that.

Kevin said Danny Gans right when I said Dumdellowies.

The Swan Song of Danny Gans and Down to Louise.

But anyway, it's a family action movie.

And...

Do you action yourself?

Like...

Well, I walk and I talk to you.

But that's pretty exciting for you.

Yeah, it is.

Is it kind of a split movie where the kids are doing one thing and they're doing?

Yeah, yeah.

We don't even see the aliens.

So what are you doing?

The entire time the aliens are...

Who's the parents trying to get back in the attic?

Get the kids to do their...

I don't want to go in the attic.

Get the aliens in the attic.

Shut up and get back in the attic.

Are the aliens invisible?

Is that why you don't see them?

No, they're not.

But they're miniature and they're very aggressive.

Really?

Oh, a tiny alien.

That's all I can tell you.

I don't want to give away anything else.

Are there?

I don't want to go in the attic.

When you're about to have a baby, you start thinking about your own childhood and your parents.

It became more of a collection of comedic essays and memoir of sorts.

I talk about a little bit of my childhood, a little bit about dating, Saturday Night Live, even.

Really?

You don't have to be pregnant to go read it and enjoy it.

How does Saturday Night Live fit into a baby?

I think it doesn't.

I just had some extra pain in my head of film.

Gavin, put in some SNL stories in there.

That fill up some days.

You know what it is?

You see it in your book, Age It.

Here's what I remember.

I waited a while before I had a kid.

I'm an older dad.

Here I am having a baby at the same time.

All my friends are already sending their kids off to rehab.

I had to gash it up to do.

But it was time for me to have a child.

It wasn't that I was ready.

That's what Lauren Michaels used to say about Saturday Night Live.

The show's not ready to go on.

It's just time.

You could kind of notice that once in a while.

How old is your baby now?

He's February?

He's February.

That's literally what it is.

He is two years and it's three months.

Oh my gosh.

What a great age.

Terrible twos, right?

Horrific twos, we call it.

Yeah, perfect.

You should really try it for terrible because it's more all iterative.

Yeah.

Heterism.

This is a one step below terrible.

Yeah.

He hasn't reached that yet.

Oh, and Susan's handing me a picture?

This just in.

Wow.

Does he have a little bow tie on or what is that?

Oh, that is so cute.

We'll put this picture up at...

Now, do you think there's too much Botox in his forehead?

He's got a little work done.

We will put this picture up at Megan's Law.com a little later.

All right, let's go to a song.

Let's go to track number seven.

Oh, I love this song.

Oh, track number seven is so good.

We'll come right back with Kevin Nealon and Aziz Ansari.

We also have a call coming in from Doug Benson.

He'll be telling us how he liked Star Trek, The Motion Picture.

This is Weird Out With Edith.

Yes.

♪ ♪ Indy 1013-1, this is Comedy Deathry Radio.

I'm your host Scott Ocherman at Twitter at Scott Ocherman.

I'm here with my co-host Aziz Ansari at Aziz Ansari.

Hello.

And our special guest Kevin Nealon at Kevin Nealon on Twitter.

Yo, yo, yo.

Sorry at Kevin Underscore Nealon.

That's right.

Were you just saying yo, yo, yo, like some sort of a rapper ?

Dude, I grew up in the hood.

Okay, we're going to take some Twitter questions here.

What's up, Twitterville?

Twitterville.

Here is a question.

Kevin and Aziz, this is for both of you.

Do you smoke weed?

I don't.

You don't.

Kevin, can you admit to smoking weed here in front of...

Negative.

I do not partake in the substance.

In the substance?

Yes.

I am on Salvia right now though.

It's very intense.

Really?

What's going on in your brain right now?

Salvia's the new thing when I'm here.

All right, we have another question.

Earlier today on Twitter I asked for home improvement questions.

Most of them came back about the Tim Allen show.

None of us know anything about...

I know what?

Oh, you do?

Yeah.

I'm good friends with Earl Hidman, who played out.

Thank you, John Hill.

He played Oodie Blake, the Wilson, the neighbor.

The neighbor, all right?

It was a home improvement question.

I'll see you back in the answer.

All right, well, here's a home improvement TV show question , which is, what is Patricia Richardson up to nowadays?

She was on a show on Lifetime called Strong Medicine.

I remember that.

Strong Medicine, that is from Zachal Mue.

The Apple's Twitter names.

That's from Zachary Tybrian.

That was from Zachary Tybrian.

I miss her.

She was more of my mother than my real mother.

Where is she?

We have a question from Zindiji.

How would I go about improving my home to protect myself from the Pig Zombie apocalypse?

From the Pig Zombie apocalypse.

I believe that's some sort of swine flu reference, is that?

You want to stay away from the other white meat flu.

That is not a good one.

Well, she needs to protect her house.

First of all, insurance is always good state farm.

Sure.

Do you think insurance is really going to help out if there 's an apocalypse?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, really?

They have a good apocalypse.

Apocalypse coverage.

Yeah, don't have to play a deductible or anything.

I think duct tape would be the best.

Sure.

Did you put duct tape in your house when the whole big...

No.

...anthrax thing?

Yeah, what did you do to protect yourself?

We just scotch tape.

It gets cheaper.

It does the same job.

Plus, you can see through the cracks.

Yeah.

You can see through it.

Test done with the shot anthrax to scotch tape and it didn 't get through.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Wow.

I didn't read that report.

Powder did not go through.

Well, I did actually save more money.

Instead of doing the house, I just did my nostrils.

Did you get my mouth?

It's scotch tape.

Yeah.

Scotch tape over your nostrils' mouth.

How exactly did you breathe while that was going on?

Through my ears.

How do you ride with things?

That was a costly operation, though, and now the anthrax care is gone.

This really helps me to be friendly about these days.

Yeah.

I mean, the swine flu really never... it had its 15 minutes .

Sure, now it's gone.

Is it gone, really?

The avian flu never came about.

You know?

Yeah.

People are a lot more safe than they think they are.

Mad cow disease.

It's all hype, I think.

Yeah.

Because the regular flu kills something like 15,000 people a year, and it gets no props.

Yeah.

Regular flu.

Ba-ba-ba-ba.

There we go.

What?

Let's hear it for the regular flu.

Kevin?

Yes, sir.

What can I do for you?

You're in the Showtime family.

I am in the Showtime family.

And when we say that, what we mean is you have a series on Showtime.

But you also have something very exciting coming out on Showtime.

So, time tell us about that.

Thank you, Scott.

Well, I think you're referring to my stand-up comedy special.

Oh, that was not it.

My first one hour special.

One hour.

I've been doing stand-up for a long time, but I've never had a special.

I don't call it a special.

It's just a stand-up taping that's in the air.

What is the name of the taping?

It's called What About Me.

Ba-ba-ba-ba.

Kevin Neeland, What About Me?

What about me?

Comedy Showtime.

Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.

What?

And it's quite thrilling, actually.

In what way?

It's going to be one hell of a ride.

Is there a subtle way?

Is there some sort of plot running through all of your jokes?

Something that will leave people on the edge of their seats the entire hour?

Well, it may put them on the edge of their seats and then force them to leave eventually.

Really?

They'll just stand up and walk out of the room.

Yeah, they'll work their way to the edge of the seat and wait for that opening to leave.

You know?

You can tell sometimes, Kenny, when you're doing stand-up, you look out there and you see people on the edge of the seat waiting to think of a place where they can take off.

Yeah, proper exit strategy.

Yeah, yeah.

And then they leave.

You play clubs all around the country.

Do you travel a lot?

Do you actually go out?

I travel a fair amount, but now I'm shooting weeds, so I'm in town for three and a half months, basically.

Right.

But in March, I did a lot of gigs.

I was out almost every weekend.

You were doing a lot of benefits, I remember?

A lot of benefits.

And a lot of anti-benefit things.

You know?

Like trying to actually get diseases a little more recognition?

Yeah.

We watched an interesting show last night.

This has nothing to do with anything we're talking about.

We watched the John Edwards wife interview on Oprah.

Did you see that?

No, I didn't see it.

What happened?

It was very uncomfortable to watch that.

John Edwards' wife?

Yeah.

What was she doing?

John Edwards was kind of flitting around in the background.

I forgot who John Edwards was for a second.

And I was thinking about the guy that can talk to dead people.

What's his name?

Is it John Edwards?

Wait, did you say Haley Jill Osmond?

No, it tastes like a frog.

What is that guy's name that he had a show?

I was like, why are they talking to his wife?

I think it's something Edwards.

John Edwards.

That's the single guy.

That's a single guy.

We're talking to the plural Edwards.

Wait, no, the single guy was Jonathan Silverman.

There you go.

Take a break.

We'll be right back.

All right.

Well, let's go to a song.

We're going to go to track eight.

Oh, much better than seven.

Oh, I love it.

Then we're going to come right back with Doug Benson from Best Week Ever.

He's going to tell us what he thought about the Star Trek movie.

This is from a CD.

It's not necessarily a comedy CD.

By the way, Scott, can I just predict that Doug Benson loves Star Trek?

I'll make him a really particular guy.

I'm always a pretty good guy.

Let's take that.

Doug Benson is also high.

He's most definitely high.

Yeah.

This is from a CD that Joe Pesci put out.

Oh, wow.

He put it out a few years ago because I think because David Letterman was put out.

Because David Letterman was playing a track from his album that he put out in the 60s a lot.

There was a lot of call for him to make a new album.

He put out a new album in the character of his My Cousin Vinny character.

He sings all of the songs in the My Cousin Vinny character except for this song which is a song I believe as if he, Joe Pesci is a real gangster.

This is Wise Guy from Joe Pesci's album on Indy 101.

It's a bitch that a kitchen.

You got it motherfucker.

Joe Pesci, come now sir.

There is no need for that kind of language.

That's a Joe I know.

Wow, that is not the Joe I know.

Oh my gosh.

Indy 101, this is Comedy Deathray Radio.

I'm here with my co-host disease Ansari from Parks and Rec.

Hello.

Special guest Kevin Neeland.

Underscore.

Neeland.

Kevin Underscore.

Neeland.

Thank you.

I want to give a couple of birthday shoutouts.

Happy birthday to my wife Koolop coming up on Monday.

What kind of name is that?

Koolop.

That is some sort of Asian.

I don't know.

Has she ever worked Koolop?

I got nothing.

I also want to give a birthday shoutout to BJ Porter, the other mastermind behind.

BJ, what kind of name is that?

Comedy Deathray.

I believe that's also Asian.

His birthday is Tuesday.

You can wish him a happy birthday at the Comedy Deathray Show on Tuesday night.

Our special guest this Tuesday, Dax Shepard and Andy Kind ler and Matt Besser.

That is Tuesday at 8.30.

Tickets are available for only $5 at UCB Theatre.com.

Next week on the show we have Greg Barrent, author of He's Just Not That Into You and hilarious stand-up comic and he is in a band playing it takes one week from tonight along with the Tulsa Skull Swingers.

But first let's get to a call first.

I don't know first.

I'm not interrupting anything.

So let's get to Doug Benson on the phone.

Let's go to track number two.

That is his intro music.

Doug Benson is going to tell us what he thought of Star Trek.

Dog hates candy wrappers screaming baby sticky seeds with 50 as a popcorn curdles.

We have his.

They're still not one that he won't see.

Well, Doug loves movies.

Doug.

Hello.

Hello sir.

You're on the air.

Doug Benson everyone from Best Week Ever.

How are you sir?

Hi Doug.

I can't hear you.

Oh wow.

When you went to play the theme song I didn't hear anything on my end.

It just went dead.

Oh you didn't hear anything.

Okay yeah we played the theme.

Don't you worry about that.

I played it enough.

That's okay.

Okay.

Do you want to hear it again?

No thank you.

Doug where are you?

You could play it next week when I call in.

That's a deal.

Doug we're here with Aziz Ansari and Kevin Neeland.

And where are you calling from?

I'm calling from Boise Idaho where this evening I'm going to be performing at the Knitting Factory with Grand Elwood and we're doing the two city tour tomorrow night we're going to be in Spokane also at the Knitting Factory and can you really call that a tour, Doug?

What's that?

It sounds like you were on a tour.

Sounds like you were on a tour right now that would probably be kind of shady.

Why don't you just say we're doing two shows?

It's a two city tour.

Sounds like you're just doing two shows.

Yeah one show each night.

And we're also going to make it into a TV special for the G 4 network.

I'm being currently I don't know if you guys have cameras on you.

We do.

We have cameras in the studio right now and this is going to be broadcast on G4.

Is it live?

No, no, no, it's a documentary style.

It'll be a special coming out sometime later this year.

We're going to call it either Rolling Across America or the High Road.

Haven't decided yet.

Scott, yes.

We're talking to Doug Benson Kevin and he is.

He's a comedian.

Oh yeah, I know.

Okay.

Yeah.

So Doug, you're in Boise.

You just saw the movie Star Trek.

Is that right?

No, what happened was I've got I'm doing so much media and stuff today to promote the show that I couldn't have time to watch all the Star Trek.

So I just watched the first like I'd say half hour to 40 minutes of it and then left to call you guys.

So you walked out on Star Trek.

Yeah, but only because of media.

You could spread that on the internet that Doug Benson walked out of Star Trek and people just think I hated it.

But I actually liked it quite a bit.

Can we swear on this?

I'd keep it to a minimum, but what do you got?

What kind of words?

I just have a three word review of at least what I saw.

Okay.

What's here?

Tyler fucking Perry.

Tyler F. Fing Perry.

Yeah.

Is that what he said?

Okay.

Oh wait, he's in the movie.

Is that what you're saying?

Okay.

Yeah, that's what I reviewed.

That was the only thing that really stood out.

I did not know he was in the movie.

What did he play?

He plays does he play Madea in space?

I feel that Tyler Perry to Graham Elwood who went with me and he laughed like I was making a he looked like Tyler Perry joke.

Well to be fair Graham just lasted anything you say because he wants to be kept on these two city tours you do.

But there's scenes where we weren't filming ourselves during that part though.

He could have been more like himself.

But the reason he laughed was not because of what he said he was watching House of Pain on his iPod.

He got me every episode from P.D.F.

It sounds like Boise is a lot of fun.

There's so much media in Boise Doug.

Just so much press he had to do it.

Well when I say media I just mean you know podcast and make it.

If there was ever going to be a gay city it should be Boise .

You know what I mean?

You know what I'm saying?

So Doug do you have any other reviews for us other than Star Trek?

Did anything else try to open up against it today?

I don't even know but Ghost of Girlfriend passed open last week.

Girls of Girlfriends.

Zzzz passed.

Yeah now the premise of that movie is that he's a serial killer and he goes and he shows all of his girlfriends.

It really doesn't make sense it's like so all his girlfriends are dead.

And they come back and try to drag him back to hell right?

Yeah it doesn't matter what the movie is about.

Mcconney is hot.

Have you seen his six pack?

And his abs aren't bad either.

My review of that was that wearing the Dickens do they come up with this stuff.

But anyway.

You know what you do Scott you took language and you have fun with it.

Doug what else do you have?

We have to go.

What else do you have?

We stay in Doug.

How's the hotel?

I'm still looking forward to.

I'd like to see Tommy in the cool mule.

Have you seen the trailers for that?

Oh yeah who does the voice of the cool mule?

The voice of the cool mule is iced tea and it looks like a great movie because the rule actually solves rape cases.

Wow.

That's interesting.

So is he playing the exact same character from Law and Order Special Victims Unit?

Oh he's on that show?

Doug Benson everyone.

My God.

Doug loves movies.

He'll be back every week to talk about movies.

Let's play track number three.

Four.

Sorry.

Thanks Doug.

One another.

Talking.

Eyes of gold is viewing.

Brow is making.

There's no room in his heart for you because Doug loves movies.

That was Doug Benson.

Thank you so much.

He'll be back next week.

We're going to go to a song.

Let's go to track number four of this if we could Joe.

Big thanks to Joe Eskelante.

He is the host of Barely Legal on indie1031.

He's engineering for me today.

Nice.

Trying to teach me the ropes.

He's such a great guy.

He got me the gig here.

This is Heart and Firm with Pie.

We'll be right back with Kevin Nealon and as he's on, sorry , indie1031.

Comedy death radio.

The When it can pan in hands of men.

In scribe your form by beetle.

They draw an altar on which God has slaughtered.

All stability.

No eyes could ever soak in.

All the places you are might.

And yet to see you all at once we only need the point.

13th in finity or geometric progeny that fit inside you.

So tight with driving.

Those that feel so right.

3.1415926535897932384626433832795028419 271693993751058097494599 Forever constant.

Our release as far as discipline.

The patron saint of imperfection frees us from our sin.

And if our transcendental it should find a final floor.

Then man will know the death of God where wonder was before .

Y'all know this pie shit backwards and forwards.

Check it out.

Bit better than I did three chicks then I pointed at the door.

A girl entered in so that made it four.

I slept one time and came another five.

Add a more luck band that made nine.

The average age 26.5.

Now that's what I call getting some pie.

Five of the chicks were six inch heels.

Two other nine.

Squealed like steel.

Five one four was the area code.

Came back Canada.

My window abodeed my $1.3 million.

Y'all lay pie backwards.

Five four was all night and all day.

3.14159265358979323462 5 That is hard and firm featuring Dragonboy Swade with Pi.

This is the end of Comedy Death Ray Radio. I want to thank my co-hosts first of all, Aziz, I'm sorry.

Thank you for having me.

Big day on Thursday. We cannot hype this enough.

The finale. The finale of Parson Recreation.

Buh-buh-buh-buh!

What?

Thanks Aziz for coming in. I hope you'll come back and be my co-hosts again.

How are we going to do it again?

And we want to thank our special guest Kevin Neeland. Thank you so much for dropping by.

Scott, I can't thank you enough for providing this opportunity for me.

There may be upwards of 1,000 people listening to this.

I don't care.

Do you have any shows coming up?

Or are you just doing weeds? And that's all you can do right now.

I'll be in Ellen May 21st.

Really? Do you get to dance with Ellen while Ellen dances?

Have they ever asked you to do that?

Oh, okay.

But I do get Ellen underwear.

What's interesting is every guest has chosen not to.

That's it. Ever been on the show. So you're continuing the streak.

Weeds June 8th.

Weeds June 8th. We also have aliens in the attic coming out when?

July 31st. But the big thing is, yes, you're pregnant, but what about me in stores now?

In paperback, that's a great book. I hope to read it immediately after leaving the studio today.

Next week we have Greg Barants from the reigning Monarchs.

We'll be my special guest. I believe Nick Thune will be here. Still looking for a co-host.

This has been the second edition of Comedy Death Ray Radio.

Thank you so much for tuning in.

We're going to leave here with a little bit of Dragon Boy Swade, who you just heard.

Track 2. This is the song Nut Valley. We'll see you next week.

Nut Valley.

Dragon Boy Swade.

I met a couple girls. One was hot. One was not.

This situation seems to happen quite a lot.

I bet you think I want to bounce with the one that's fine.

I bet you think I want to get it. Unleave this game.

I know this is enough, y'all.

There's another way to do it. I'll lay it down for you and y'all can go to it.

There's no need to ditch a beat team to bring on the A.

Invader alone to be a nut valley.

A nut valley. What's that you say?

But something that'll make you go.

Kinda like a servant. Kinda like a maid that performs a certain function while you're getting laid.

To attend. So they're not to attend. To the snow.

Cause they just stay right to leave them boys alone.

So put around the woods. Kinda like a DJ.

Won't you be my nut valley?

Ha ha ha ha.

A gun's in great, no one can you.

Oh you're getting lucky tonight, just.

A gun's in great, no one can you.

Won't you be my nut valley? I don't mean to a fan, but that way you can boss this up.

Meanwhile I've been your friend. It's the night of this day 's work.

It's a worthy task. Can you have a great view?

Black dev on my ass.

I don't be a detail baby. I don't be a station baby.

Why me and your friend baby?

Haven't tell me relations. You'll be doing her a favor.

Cause that's all my relation. Can't you see that this helped out to be a women situation?

Besides I feel bad leaving you here at the bar.

And beside you, I'll probably came in the same car.

I'm what you want me for yourself.

But since that ain't gonna happen. Let your fingers do the walking and tickling and tumbling.

And I'm the one's in two. Kinda like a DJ.

Won't you be my nut valley?

Learning the liberty test.

Enough valley. A ball attending. A handy woman. A sack super intense.

And yeah you might not want to see, but I don't mean that she can't contribute.

It's plain to see that you're a woman of refinement.

That's why you should choose to accept this assignment.

Cause girl if you tweak my book or her and me.

In five seconds my dick will self-destruct.
