♪♪♪ This is Comedy Death Rate.

My name is Scott Ochermann.

We do this show every Friday from noon to 1.

You may be also listening to the podcast.

Welcome to all of our podcast listeners.

We have a great show today.

I have some amazing talent here in this room.

We have comedian Rory Skovall.

We'll be here a little later.

Reggie Watts, who defies expectations and belief.

He'll be here.

And I want to welcome my co-host for the afternoon.

I guess if you can call one hour an afternoon, we're going to turn up her mic in just a second.

There it is.

This is Mary Lynn Rice Cub.

How are you, M.L.R.?

Pretty fantastic.

What's happening?

I like your short hairdo.

Thank you so much.

Feel free to talk directly into the...

This one?

Actually, it's the other one.

No.

That one.

There we go.

No, no, you're good.

You're good.

Right into that one right in front of you.

I don't think they are good.

Oh, the cans?

The cans are...

Basically, we always have a few technical difficulties starting the show.

We're out of the cans.

There we go.

Can you hear it now?

Yeah.

Okay.

A lot of people would know you from your TV work, which you play Chloe on 24.

Chloe O'Brien, the computer genius.

Yes, that's right.

So it can dismantle a nuclear bomb in three seconds flat.

I performed at a laugh factory last night, and it was a bunch of blank stares.

People had just come from a bus and maybe some adolescents who were staring off into the corner who's dad brought them there, maybe some people that didn't speak English.

Right.

And so I tried to use the 24 card because usually I think they're probably looking at me going, why is this accurate?

Where do I know her?

And what does this actress from 24 doing at the laugh factory?

So I usually don't like to go there first, but sometimes it helps grease the works and then people are excited because I say...

Hey, if you got it, flaunt it.

Exactly.

So I took off my shirt and I said the name...

Wait a minute.

Hold on.

Keyver Sutherland and what I usually get is like, oh, you know, nothing.

I go, no.

Oh, you guys don't recognize me from that show.

Blank stares, nothing.

That's the worst.

When you go to it just to help out a bit, but then it seems like you're bragging and no one knows what you're talking about.

Exactly.

So I thought, you know, I can do the couple jokes I have about 24 and that'll loosen everybody up like, oh, okay.

Shoot, we know what the deal is.

Right.

Blank stares.

No one's seen the show 24.

Somebody else referenced the movie Milk Blank Stairs.

Like...

So these people just had never been to anything.

Never seen a movie, never seen a TV show.

Either that or they were just all afraid to speak because it wasn't a large crowd and you can see all their faces, which I saw a lot of like...

Maybe they were so busy reading the Harry Potter books.

You know, that's what a lot of America's youth are doing nowadays.

When they should be doing something else.

Sure, they should be watching TV.

It'd be really...

It's a good past time to pay to get in somewhere and buy two really expensive drinks and then just read a book.

I'm busy.

Mary is a comedian.

You've been doing comedy for 15 years, I would say, somewhere in the general area.

And we've known each other a while and you do these really great shows at the Laugh Factory lately.

Yes.

As I just described.

So come if you want to see her stare death.

It is today is September 11th National Day of Service.

This is our service to you doing comedy for America.

Thank you.

No, you're a question mark.

No, that's...

We are doing it for the people.

Oh, I'm with you.

Yes, yes.

You're performing years of hers.

You're looking at me, I thought, didn't know how to respond for a second.

Sure.

I'm co-host.

I get it.

You're the co-host.

What's in the news?

What do we talk about, Mary?

Let's see.

Danny Glover, in the news.

He just started his own children's clothing line.

I'm getting too old for this shirt.

So he's in the news.

What else?

What else is in the news?

Mary, you just got married.

Is that correct?

I didn't prepare any in the news.

I just wanted to say that.

He just sounded like a bitch.

You just got married just maybe two weeks ago.

How come when I go to never mind, I was going to try to do that, I lost my hair.

Do it, do it.

No, it's not even a bit.

It was my real frustration at why doesn't my car know that I'm the one pulling the handle when it's locked and just open for me?

Oh, there we go.

Because I'm so spoiled and my life is so fancy.

Why can't my car know it's me walking up to it?

They may invent that in the future like fingerprint activated door handles.

Hello, Mary Lynn.

Let me open it up.

Oh, that would be nice too.

I'll invent some sort of robot who would talk to you.

I guess I should just hire a butler and talk about it at the left factory.

Maybe you could do it.

I'm on 24 and I have a butler.

Can you guys relate to me now?

Do you like me now?

I just want you to like me.

Maybe you could hire Gerard Butler.

Good idea.

Is he in the news?

What I want, Gerard Butler was recently on the Tonight Show and I went to go see the taping and I told Andy Richter that any time he made a joke , I wanted Andy to laugh really loud and say the butler did it.

Did he do it?

Why are you trying to sabotage his career?

What else is going on?

You just got married in Vegas to a nice young man that I met.

He's very nice.

How was the wedding?

The best ever.

Yeah.

We didn't really plan it so much.

It was at Planet Hollywood.

And I thought...

Wait, did you say planned Hollywood?

Planned Parenthood Hollywood.

I don't know what that means.

So it wasn't very romantic for wedding.

Unplanned Hollywood for all of your anything you want.

So it was at Planet Hollywood in the Caesars Palace or in the Planet Hollywood Hotel?

Well, I was supposed to host their club night where, which I've never done before, you know, I'm such a clubber that I show up at a club and everyone goes, there's my club in the house.

And we get free rooms and free drinks for showing up.

When you hosted, what does that mean?

I do things I don't even wouldn't normally do.

Okay.

I'll show up.

But yeah, what were you saying?

It was at the Planet Hollywood Hotel.

But their club closed down.

They lost their liquor license for prostitution, underage drinking and drug use.

The trifecta.

I said that before and I have to separate that.

It has nothing to do with Planet Hollywood.

No.

Which is a wonderful institution.

So did you not host the event?

But that is why that happened.

I read an article.

I'm not flandering anyone.

Did you not host the event?

I think it's fantastic.

Did you just kind of show up and there was no work?

Did they pay you anyway?

No, it wasn't really.

I want to know all the business details.

We have engineering shows.

All the business.

Here's a lawyer and entertainment lawyer.

No, I wasn't going to be paid.

I was just like I said, I'm going to get like free room, free bottle service.

I guess just so people could watch me get drunk.

I would venture to say that you could get that if you just showed up to the club.

You don't have to host any kind of event.

Thank God I'm here for you guys to set me straight.

No, but so the club, I know free flight.

Maybe.

All right, that's good.

We're looking at $183 that it takes to fly to Vegas.

All right, I like it.

Private jet.

No.

Helicopter ride.

Whoa, really?

Where?

Butler Butler. Butlist. Yeah, have you seen Gerard Butler's to support? But the way he's amazing. Now did, did they pay for your wedding? Did they like host it and do all that kind of stuff? Well, they did host us at the wedding, and they have packages. And I just said, yes, to all the things, flower petals, Elvis, string quartet, but you had the big, you had to pick string quartet or Elvis. Oh, going into it, I was prepared, I steeled myself. I said, no, Mary Lynn, this isn't this might not be the most romantic wedding, because you're doing it at Planet Hollywood. And, you know, everyone's been gambling and out the pool all day. But Scott awker man. Yes, ma'am. I'll tell you something, it was so romantic and perfect and lovely. Because we walked past, you know, the curtains are open, you're in the casino, you're like, that's our chapel. Right. They shut those curtains.

Oh, like those candles, Elvis strummed on the acoustic guitar.

It was beautiful. There were many a tear, because we added our own flourishes to their generic, I totally recommend what kind of flourishes because they know what they're doing. The packages that was like, I'd mistrust it. Oh, Planet Hollywood.

Beautiful. Flowers. Yes, buten ears. Vegas isn't in the business of just doing ironic weddings. They want people to have a nice time. Turns out it's just me in my head who thinks the world is against me. They're for me. That's beautiful.

And do you write your own vows? We wrote our own vows. And you came with those, right? You're gonna. You're prepared to do those here. Thank you for being my friend. Thank you for loving me when you didn't want to when I was running away from you .

That was one of my vows because he asked me out at the improv and I laughed at him because I was running out to veil. I went really? And he asked me for my number really quick and I said it so fast, like, Oh, see if you can get that and I sped away.

And he remembered it and called me. Oh my God. Why we made a baby? Why did you not take him seriously? Because he's he's I mean, let's talk about it. He's a very good looking guy.

Let's talk about it. Let's get into it. He's he's you got are you around the same age or he seems slightly slightly younger than you can I say that he seemed like I'm 22. Oh, that's right.

I forgot you've been on the same age as I was when we met.

You've been on 24 for eight years. You were you were on when you were 14 years old. Okay, look, I walked into the improv. I saw him right away. He's super hot. He's super young. And I looked at him and I was like, Oh, so you noticed him first and you went home. I did. And I don't even think he really saw me and I was like, you know, I'm me. So I was like, whatever that guy he 's probably gay and just, you know, enjoy the look, Marylena and get on with your life. And then he kind of sat next to me, you know, how you can like, go to the bar and you can kind of pop in and watch a comedian and you can come back out. I mean, I guess if you know how some people have some telling any tales out of school. Yeah, you could do that guys take a break, go to the bar.

And so then his friend and him started talking to me. And then I left because I started talking to some other comedians and I was getting into the gossip zone. And the second vocationic and I was like, I don't need to be here talking like this. I'm 37 years old. There I said it. I'm too old for this BS and I made a beeline. Are you too old for this shirt? I'm too old for this shirt. Thanks for the call back to your to my own joke. You're new. And so he followed me out, unb eknownst to me that he was trying to secure it earlier. Right.

Because I was just like, I gotta go and he ran out to the valley and he was like, Haiti, when I hang out sometimes and I was like, and I laughed. No way is this guy asking me out. And then I thought it was like a lark. And then he turned out to be the biggest sweetheart. Best guy ever. That's so nice. And it improves to guys out there. Take a chance. You know, she may be a film and television star, but you know, throw it out there. She's better than you. Yeah, spend the next two or three months acting like I'm gonna break up with you because you are not good enough for me. That's how I acted. But all you have to be. And then I got mine, you know, all you have to be is really hot. Yeah.

So that's a lesson for you guys out there. All right, let's talk ochre man. I know. Let's go to a song when we come back, I will have comedian Reggie Watts here. This is Tim and Eric on nd one oh three one calm. Come to the nd one oh three one. That is Tim and Eric. I am here with Mary Lynn who's on that one. Okay, and great. And we're in the business of doing a professional show.

Professional professional is a m always. I want to welcome our next guest here. He is an amazing comedian. He'll be performing in Vancouver for the global comedy fest in Vancouver.

You'll be on the comedy death ray show September 24th up there.

Please welcome Reggie Watts. Hello. Hey, how are you? Oh, really? Oh, yes. No, no, I don't know. So you wanted you were reading down my track list. You want to hear a song? Yes, please. Okay. Let me explain to the listeners what you do.

Basically, you always that second to be on. We Reggie comes with his own machine that he invented. He invented this machine a long time ago. And it helps him. He invented it and said, you know, this would be really good for comedy. And basically, it's sort of what do you call it? It's like a four track kind of thing? Well, what do you call it? It's a it's just like it's a looping. Pepping device. Yes, those like echo stuff, looping stuff. So you perform music with it.

And you do all the tracks here. You're gonna sing all the parts on this. Yes. And let's hear it. All right. Are we working?

Everything good? I don't know for working. Do we know Joe?

We're good? No, not here anything. Check one, two, one, two. Joe, make it work. Tim gunwood. Why can't you? All right, me, Lynn? All right, MLK. We can also unplug this one.

microphone. I can also, while you guys are doing this, do a little plug here. Danny Glover started his own show. No, let's see , between two ferns that just came out this week. I directed this episode, although they are very collaborative between P2 Porter, Daniel Strange and myself and Zach, of course, but Zach Alphinakis interview Charlize Theron. It's a funny one . Go on Funny or Die and check it out. Also, I directed another video called the fourth flop top, which is on the main page there too. So I had two of my videos in a couple of days, a very exciting time for me. How are we doing? Waiting for Chuck.

Waiting for Chuck to come in. All right, well, you know, trying this out. Look at you. Well, seriously. Oh, I love that sound.

Don't stop. Wait a minute. Nelson Phantom power. There we go.

It's the power of the Phantom. All right, so does this need any other kind of setup Reggie? No, I think I think we're ready to go now. All right, here we go. Reggie Watts, Indy 10131.

65.7 FM coming to you live here direct by Burlington Birmingham Alabama. And this is a new track from Ferns Falsdarsh called Grouppenclack.

Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Take a sandwich. Put the sandwiches to do make a sound show. Why you gotta use that motherfucking big ass bread, big ass bread, too much bread.

Not enough for the middle. I don't know if you bread looks like pillows. What? Yo, what's the cheer bar? Anyway, yeah, it's time to want to sandwich that I can actually fit my mouth with me by. That's what the sound is supposed to be. It's going to be delicious. In proximity of the range of which I could open my mouth. Why do I got the battle? Why do I got the squishy hair? I don't understand what I did.

And that was everything that you've ever wanted to hear.

Yeah. So true. Fantastic. So so true. Now, for those of you listening, it's a lot like when you would buy a queen album that would say no synthesizers are on this album that you were performing that live. That was all you. Yes, that was me.

That was you. How would you describe your act, Reggie? It's somewhat say indescribable, but I'd love to hear you try.

I don't know. I guess I call it a kind of stream of consciousness, music, comedy improvised music comedy or culture sampling. I like to take it. We're weird things. I 'm majoring in that culture sampling. Yeah, it's a good excuse to get involved with other people, if you know what I mean.

Sexual. Mary, any questions for Reggie as my co-host? I and I have a statement which is look what I've turned into as a co-host. Oh, stick it in there. Sexual, I immediately just went to like, no, it's all this cultural sampling that's going on over here. All right. Well, why don't we? Yeah, I do have a question question. Did you start in music or comedy? I would say it's probably started in music, but I was always a goof ball.

ball of goof. What is are there musical people in your family?

No, it's no one. That's a follow up question. It is from ML R.

Thanks. I'm doing it. Mler. It comes out of my natural curiosity. Scott. That's why you're such a good coach.

Thank you. And so then when did you move to Los Angeles? I moved to Los Angeles five years ago. Okay, the end.

All right, let's do a song when we come back and eating Rory Scoville. We'll be here this flight of the concords on comedy death ray.

Sound good. We were heading our own percussion to that.

God, this lotion is so hard to go in the third grade.

Andy one or three one. This is comedy death. I'm here with my co host, Mary Lynn Rice cub and my guest Reggie Watts. And we have another guest we have now this is a young gentleman who came up to me on the street and every once in a while, we have people coming up to me on the street and saying, Hey, I'd love to get involved in the show. I'd love to, you know, you know, they all know it's a comedy show and some people want to break into comedy. And so this is a young gentleman named Rory Scov ille, who said that he's an exciting fresh new comic and I sight unseen. I just liked his look. I say, come on by the show. Welcome Rory Scoville. How are you my face? God, how are you guys doing?

I appreciate that. I appreciate you. Everything you've done for me up until this point. It hasn't cracked for me yet. Like they say it will, you know, when you put enough time in and you 'll break in. Well, that hadn't happened yet. But I feel like I 'm on that path, you know, even trying to break in. It will it since my DUI, since my DUI, I'm trying to get a new path kind of getting with a new crowd. My wife thinks it's a better place for me to be a comedian as a new crowd will sort of keep you off alcohol. Well, sort of. I'm interesting. The program I'm involved in, I'm a middle school boys basketball coach. So they know that when I got the DUI, they said one of the penalties I'd have to sort of do is I have to go state to state and talk to middle school kids. I got to basically relate to them.

Hey, here's some bad things you shouldn't do. Look what's done to me sort of like a public speaking type of thing. Yeah, yeah , it's a lot like public speaking. It's fun for me like I like to teach and coach and be around young people. You know, just sort of relate to them what I know about life. And my wife thinks it's a good idea. If you got some humor involved with those speech. That is a good idea. I went up to Scott and you know, he was he was outside of the theater. I said, you know, how does this work? What do you sign up? What do you do?

Usually I have a sign up sheet. And they got I got put my name down four times just to make sure that I got off. You know, and also if that meant I got to go on four times, I knew I'd get better.

You punch a couple people out get ahead in the line. I told some lies. I told some people that there was a car giveaway outside. Some people stormed out. They started out right away.

They said they were mad too. Never. People shouldn't give away cars. They don't want to people don't appreciate a car giveaway.

You know, they're like, well, I still got to pay insurance.

You know, you can't make anybody happy. You got to pay the taxes.

The taxes are involved. Yeah. So you're talking to young kids.

Is there? What do you talk to him about? I mean, do you like take a look at like people in life or in the popular culture who use too many drugs or basically like drinking and drugs and just trying to be a better person? I myself am in the process of trying to to quit smoking pot. Something I'm sort of addicted to.

I'm trying to quit, but they keep coming out with all these 3D movies. And it's hard. It's hard to quit when there's so much good entertainment, you know, and it's better if you go on a drug. I don't want to say drugs are good, but you know at church, I have a better time if I smoke a little bit before I go in. I feel more connected to what the point of it all might actually be true. And I'm like, you know what? I think they got a point up. There's a message in it. You know, I'm sure I'm distracted by this doodle pad I brought, you know, but some of it is notes. I am taking some notes. And I can't be, you know, people can't get people do get mad though. If you find out, y'all remember when Michael Phelps got caught. Oh, sure.

Yeah, from the Olympics. Yeah, a lot of people got mad. I think that's it's strange to me how people judge you on what you do and people were mad at him, but really the only people that were mad were parents of kids who swim. You know what I mean? If you don't have a kid, what do you care? You know what I mean?

He's still one gold medals, but those parents are like, I don't want my kid to see Michael Phelps smoke pot. You know, pots of dead in road. And while I agree with that in a way, so is swimming. Those are the same. They're going nowhere. Okay.

That guy actually made it in the swimming world. Let him celebrate. I only smoke pot after a game. You know, in my middle school boys like win a game by a certain amount of points. I get my coaching staff together. We have a few bubblies. That's what we call beer. We call them bubblies.

Really? Just a couple joints, maybe a blunt. I don't know.

Depends on if it was a conference game.

Now, are you trying to branch out at all? I mean, you're trying to be you've gone into this, you're trying to do comedy or is there any sort of artistic endeavor that you're trying to do as well? Well, I I'm sort of interested in improv. I'm sort of a fan of it. And I've got it. When I were doing a little bit of that on the previous show, it's fun to do, you know, you discover stuff within stuff that didn't exist. And I think that's so neat to like connect with someone like that. It really is. I put a group together just to practice and we are we 're going to be performing at UCB theater in the next couple weeks down when they're open mic improv night. It's brand new, brand new. We signed up. And that's our date we were given the date we were given is the next couple weeks. And yeah, we're a bit edgier though. I want to put that out there. We are offensive. Our group is called Hurricane Catrimprov. And we are wild. We are wild. We know no boundaries. That's because it 's meant to insinuate that you're crazy and you're a hurricane of comedy. Exactly. That is exactly fantastic. Yeah. Now, but you told me off the air that you're also a bit of a writer. Is that correct? I am. I'm trying to be an accomplished author. I take a look at accomplished. I take a look at books that people have written. And I say, how can I rewrite what they've written slightly different to the point where mine is still legal, you know, to put out there. Well, we have engineer Joe here has a show all about this very topic. So maybe you guys could talk off the air. But what give us an example, maybe? Well, I will you know the book. He's just not that into you. Sure.

Very popular became a film masterpiece. I've seen it. I loved it .

So were you smoking pot while you watch? All every movie, you know, doesn't have to be 3D. I shouldn't have put that.

Okay, yeah, we should clarify that it doesn't have to be 3D. You know, some movies aren't 3D smokes and pot do some mushrooms make them 3D. You know, right? You may put your own effort out there.

Okay. But I'm working on a follow up book for women who think they might have a stalker. It's called clearly he's that into you. And it serves a great purpose. I think a lot of women like, Hey, you know, yeah, he's following you around. But hey, maybe he likes you. You know, sure, he looks creepy. But don't judge a book that's covered. Wait, are you talking about your own book right now? Sort of. Yeah, the cover has a creepy guy on it. Okay, and you don't want people to judge it. I want people to see that and think that he's some sort of rapist, you know, I may not go that far. Rory, I have to ask why did you put him on the cover if you don't want people to judge your book that way? Mind games. Try to see what society will do when they 're faced when they're faced with an intruder on the cover of a book, you know, as opposed to real life. That is a great point.

If they're too afraid to buy the book because of the cover, they ought to buy the book to learn about how to avoid the cover . You know, if that were real. Rory, we're going to anything else you want to talk about here in this segment, we're about to wrap it up. But any last thoughts any final thoughts? I'm going to be at David's Chuck Palace tonight. I'm picking my wares and saying my gadgets and seeing what I got out there. So come by 8pm.

Come by starts at 10pm. David's Palace was it I David's joke Jack, joke check. Yes. Okay. Come on by David's joke check.

Thank you, Rory. Rory, stick around. I find you to be a very charming individual. I would love you to join the symposium .

I'm breaking. I'm breaking right now. That's good. Okay, fantastic. Let's do a song when we come back. I it's time for it. I will debut my brand new single coming up after the ruddles.

Oh, wait, let's get the with the harmonizing. Yeah. Okay, ready? We added to that.

Low note as a lady. I love it. That's the new millennium.

Let me do a plug here coming up September 24th comedy death retravels to Vancouver. You will be there, Reggie. Rory, you will be there, I believe? Yes, signed up. I will not be there.

It's Thursday September 24th of the Vogue downtown. We have let's see who's on comedy death ray. We have Andy Dick, Paul of Tomkins, Andy Kindler, Reggie Watts, Maria Bamford, Brent Weinbach, Nick Thune, plus more we're working on right now.

You won't want to miss it. Tickets are at comedyfest.com. That 's pretty simple to remember comedyfest.com. That's going to be a really fun show. That's going off that show already. Let me go. And then let me just make a little program note about the podcast from there. I was going to do a live broadcast from there the following day on the 25th. It is become too cost prohibitive to do the live broadcast. But I am still going to do the show. We're going to record it and release it as a bonus episode. I'm going to have a guest host in here that day on the 25th. So that so it's like you're getting two episodes in a week. So there you go. That works out for everybody.

I guess it really does got as a co host. I support you.

Okay. Now Mary, as my co host, I want you to listen to this story.

Love to.

I'm going to set it up a little. A couple of months ago, we had the esteemed member of comedy. Weirdo. Yankovic on the show .

He was fantastic. We had a great interview. Is this hair still long? Yeah. Same hair. Not curly. Straight now, I believe. I think. No, it's slightly curling. Come on, you guys. You want to pay attention to this? I wasn't looking at his hair if you know what I mean. Oh, I was looking at his boobs.

It's moobs. But he was on and he did some of his songs. And you know, I got so inspired by him that I was like, you know, I love what he does. I would love to write a song myself. So I put out frequent listeners of the podcast. No, I put out my famous single birthday checks, which is a parody of birthday sex by Jeremiah. And I had a listener write to me the other day and say he was in an Arby's in Iowa, I believe, and the person behind the counter was singing birthday checks. And I said, No, no, no, you're mistaken. He was probably singing birthday sex. He says, No, he sang all of the verses. Yes, you've made it. And that's just one of the many responses I've gotten from this song. People love it. It's kind of catapulted my career to another level. And everyone says, When is the follow up?

When is the follow up? And I had one plan. I mean, Joe, as a musician, you know how this goes, you go down a certain route and you pursue certain avenues artistically, and they don't quite pan out. So for weeks, I've been hyping, I was going to do a one song. And it was just not quite working out. And then all of a sudden I heard a song on the radio the other day. And I was like, that's it. I and just the lyrics tumbled out of me and I just wrote them down on the on I didn't even write them down quite honestly, like Jay Z, I just like hit play. First I hit play, then I hit record. Sometimes you have to hit record and play at the same time. I don't know. I'm not sure exactly how my recording equipment works. But at some point I recorded this song. It's what fresh off the radio today, I heard the song on the radio and I was like, you know what, let's get it out there, make sure it's topical, let's make sure it's fresh.

So I am going to debut it here on the air right now. This is indie 1031. This is my new single from weirder Scott. This is Tangelo.

I take a bite. It's good. The pulpy juice tastes better than it should. And even though I usually hate fruit, I like this cross between an orange and a grapefruit. It's a wonder.

Hello, hello. Just ate a thing called a Tangelo. It's sweet as anything I've ever grown with. Cause you give me something I could feel.

I'm feeling kind of tortured because I went and bought a whole big orchard. You know I'll take my car and I'll go park it because I got a space at farmers market. I can sell this fruit. I got a tasty crop, but girl at the next stand has cheeses from her shop. Trying to dump my surplus, trying to dump my surplus. Hello, hello. I'm trying to sell lots of Tangelos. I need to make a lot of dough. So let me sell you something you can feel.

Oh, this was such a mistake buying this entire orchard.

I mean with closing costs we're talking hundreds of thousands of dollars. I mean this is my inheritance. This is what my grandfather left me.

All this, all this can be yours. Seriously, all of it.

Please, someone buy any of it. I mean I've bought too much of this.

Just give me 50 cents for the fruit. That squirts. Hello, hello.

I'm stuck with all these extra Tangelos. Prices go down and all I know is that you can have the whole thing. For still I should have bought Peaches and I. Why did I buy Peaches or Grains or Clongs?

Or something else you didn't have to peel.

That's it. That's my single just got back from mastering.

Let me tell you an interesting story about this. We recorded it. We laid it down as they say. We stayed up all night. We mastered it all night. We went down to the record pressing plant and we said here just take it and we just threw it at them.

And they said you know what, here you go. And they threw it back at us and it was all of them were made. And we just played it. What do you guys think?

It's pretty good. Did you play the guitars? Yeah, I did everything.

It was amazing. I loved it. I thought it really opened everybody's eyes fruit and you know the importance of vitamins I think.

That's what I took away from it.

Thank you Rory. Mary any reactions? My favorite part was when you got to the end of the phrase and hit the peel twice in a row. Thank you. And your voice and that you didn't hold back.

No. Why hold back now? You know maybe the lyrics were oh this is so clever and so interesting.

And then when it came time to sing it you showed up and you sang it.

Thank you so much. It's weird. It's like when you mix natural ability with a desire to teach. It's just amazing what you come up with.

Wow I didn't even think about it that way. I'm just saying.

That's great.

Alright well it's out there now. You can't stop it now.

Blogs, music blogs. They're picking up on it I'm sure right now. You know it's out there remixers. Do what you will. Do you know hey justice?

What are you gonna do with it? CSS what can you do?

Alright let's do a song when we come back we will have what your would you rather as this is the honeymooner's rap. And you went 031.

No no no no no no no no. No one can take more of that. No no no no. Paul Tompins I told him I was gonna play this today and he got very tickled but that 's about all we can stomach.

You know what's great about our society we were talking about this.

Offer is you put something like tangelo out there and instant gratification.

Already the emails are you've been getting some emails.

Yeah yeah yeah. What do we get?

One was saying what's going on. Wait a minute no is that Marvin Gaye?

I think that's his cousin it's his cousin. We're trying to recreate the riff we did.

That's the way it happened. Because like no one until that period of time no one had said anything to Marvin Gaye like that. It's like what's going on. He was like what?

So his cousin said it to him first. Yeah that's what Marvin Gaye stole it. Yeah but he never gave him credit. So every chance he gets he's always like trying to just get him.

Hey Reggie what's going on? Yeah yeah I know. I know.

He's like what's it going for? I didn't know that. I know it's him.

All right this is comedy death ray I'm your host Scott Ock erman. I'm here with my guest Marylin Rice cub. I am here with Reggie Watts. I'm here with Rory Skoval and now it is time for the part of the show that a lot of people love. Do we have that ready? It is time for Would You Rather?

♪♪♪ Okay that's the theme song. It's time for Would You Rather.

Now let me explain to my guests how we play basically I have my Twitter account at Scott Ock erman and people write in these Would You Rather's and suggest very funny ones and it's just like the old game that Kevin Nealon says he invented where you have a choice of two things and what the rules basically is are is I will read these from my Twitter page and then I will open the floor for questions. Do not vote immediately.

I will open the floor for questions and then you can ask me certain questions that have to do with this either situation either the the first one or the second one at a certain point the floor will close and at that point no more questions are allowed and then we will vote and then we'll keep keep score from that. All right does everyone clear on the rules? I was only half listening but yes. Okay good. So our first Would You Rather is everyone ready to play? First of all that's that's a very important part. I should not skip that. I'm ready Scott. All right yeah ready. Okay the first one comes to us from Dr. Horblott's at Dr. Horbl ott says would you this is a kind of an easy one would you rather get stabbed to death or get stabbed and live. All right I'm opening the floor now any questions about either of these particular scenarios. Does it hurt? In which in either of them. In either. Ah see now this is how you play would you rather Reggie you're coming in strong you're coming in fast and you're asking a question about that that can apply to either of the scenarios and that's you know that's really taking advantage of the time that we have here and so that is excellent gamesmanship. Does it hurt?

That is a great question because in this scenario if you get stabbed to death it does not hurt because basically the person takes a knife and just kind of like stabs you right into the heart and your heart just immediately ceases and all activity to your brain just goes numb. But in the get stabbed and live it not only hurts while he's stabbing you and you're conscious the entire time but you have many many years of physical therapy to get over the to get over this so that is. Are you sure? Yes oh no I have all the information right here. Yes. How many years is many do you consider many? I consider 30 years to be many and that's how many years it takes for your physical therapist. Yeah that's it any okay any other questions? Mary by the way great play there getting some questions in. I mean the human body is amazing. That is true. At 30 years I mean what? You would be 67 by the time that you recovered based on the information you gave us earlier in the show.

Rory any questions from your end over there? Yeah I wonder if during the rehabilitation process you might have like a hot nurse or something.

That is a great question. See now this you guys already are fantastic at the game because Rory that information is in front of me yet none of you would have known if you hadn't asked that question and yes you do have a hot nurse and Mary I'm going to preemptively answer your question.

It is a male nurse if you want it to be. But you gentlemen would have a female nurse. Does that nurse grow old with you and is that nurse with you for the whole of the rehabilitation? Great question and this see now this is a great example of taking another person's question then kind of adding it to your needs. Now what happens with the nurse basically is they do not age.

They do not age. They stay exactly the age that you want them to stay. Are they a vampire?

They are not okay well let me clarify a little bit here.

They do age if you want them to age. They stay the age that you want them to be. So for instance if you find that it's a little creepy that you're growing old and they're not growing old you can have them age in your mind and then you can that's what I was thinking. You can have a beautiful relationship with them where you grow old together and you're that couple out there on the park bench that everyone looks. Can I start to not grow old as I'm rehabilitating from my stabs? That is a great question. You have one time in your life where you can not grow old for one year and so you will not grow any older for one year and then at the end of that year you will then start to age.

Okay this is again I don't even know if I can articulate this. And this is great let me just say getting three questions in a row is how you play would you rather? Thank you. Because you are edging these guys out. I don't even know if I can say put words to this but if you are stabbed to death which we haven't touched upon at all. Stabbed to death there is a time frame involved where you're being stabbed to death and I know the question is oh I'm dead I just got stabbed to death but what happens if you choose to also take your time that you are don't grow old for a year in between before you die then you wouldn't be stabbed to death. That is a great- I don't mean to be messing with the question and maybe I went too far with that. Basically as soon as the person with the knife comes out you have to make this choice. In fact you're making the choice right now because this scenario may happen to you and you will have made this choice already. So basically you've already made the choice it doesn't affect you can if you choose to get stabbed and live in the middle of being stabbed to death yes you cannot grow old it will still hurt exactly the same. For a year.

Will you be dying for a year? No well you don't die you you don't die from this as we establish and have a question. What happens if when you get stabbed to death you just jump into a parallel reality where you live through it and you're being nursed by a hot nurse in need on age for a year.

That's a great question. It depends on what faith you subscribe to. Right. Now what exactly do you believe? I'm kind of universalist. Universalist okay you would go to sampling. What does it mean?

You would go to heaven in that scenario and if you get stabbed and live you would get nursed by the hot nurse and then you would go to hell at the end. Because sex outside of marriage is the sin. Well that affects my choice. All right I'm about to close the floor for questions and it is closed we're going to vote here starting on my left with Reggie Watts how about you?

I'm going to say get stabbed to death. Stabbed to death and why is that? Because you never know.

Great okay now Mary how do you vote? This is really hard because we've established that being rehabilitated is like the greatest thing and then he threw for a loop and said I'm going to be stabbed to death and took the dark horse of the answer.

Sure. Where am I supposed to go?

That's right. Stabbed to death I'll see you in heaven. Yeah they're going to be pals in heaven.

All right Rory I'm also at a crossroads here because I firmly believe that if I were to be stabbed to death and I die surely I'm going to have like 99 virgin nurses. They are just waiting on me you know. A good wholesome women but at the same time if I go through that hot nurse rehabilitation reality process that's the closest I'm ever going to get to being like a Steven Seagull type guy you know. That's more heaven to me than any amount of women. It's just getting to be him.

So I'm going to say I'm going to say live through it. I'm going to say live through it.

All right we have two four getting stabbed to death and one for living through. Do we have any prizes today by the way? Let's see. Engineer Joe looking for prizes. I will I have to determine a winner for that round and the winner is Mary Lynn. Mary Lynn won that round. What?

Wow. Congratulations. Do we have any prizes? I don't deserve this. Seems obvious. We're going to look for some prizes and oh wait here we go. Yeah it's Mary you would get. Thank you so much.

You get some two Japanese coins. I couldn't be happier. I couldn't be happier. All right moving on to the second round this comes to us from at I am Kessler. I am Kessler on Twitter.

Would you rather live in an apartment full of rats or get bitten by a rat with a syringe in its back?

I'm opening the floor. Okay question I'm accepting questions now. All right how. Oh Rory jumping in early. How many I mean we talking to living with a lot of rats like in a Joe's apartment cockroach kind of thing or just like one rat in a Charlotte's web kind of hey maybe it talks to you. Great question.

Can you repeat the question? I'm sorry I'm gonna see Mary I 'm afraid that that is a faux paw and would you rather you jumped in and asked a question . I'm so sorry. Before I was able to answer Rory's question. I know I know I know I know. That is not how you play. Just got excited I didn't mean to know. I know that will count against you in your score. All right I already won one. All right Rory let me answer that. Are we your question is will that be like a Joe's apartment. Yeah we talk like tons of rats. I mean that'll be hard to get through. It depends. If you have seen the movies Joe's apartment if you've seen the movie Joe's apartment then yes it will be like that with a ton of rats. If you have not seen the movie Joe's apartment then it will just be three life-sized rats that are as big as you. That where but they wear tuxed os. Roommates. Yes it's a lot like roommates. All right any other questions. Well I'm embarrassed frankly for the faux paw that I committed earlier but now I'm on divine. Now I see this is how you play. You apologize for your mistakes and now it's wiped clean. It's a lot like inviting Jesus into your heart. I just got a rush of energy and white white light. Second wind.

You have a question. What is in the syringe?

What is in the syringe? Oh that is a great question. It is Coca-Cola and it's yeah it's it's uh.

What does Coca-Cola do the rat? It excites him and sort of titillates him and he has a rat boner while he's while he's biting you. Yeah all right Reggie any questions? You've been very laxadaisical here. It's just it's it's one of the hardest questions I've been asked in my life and I just I want to be careful. Okay sure. That is actually good gameplay and I appreciate that.

I'm thinking so the the the rat with the Coca-Cola syringe in his back. Does he have a tuxedo?

Great question. See this is how you play. That is how you play. He actually is wearing one of those tuxedo t-shirts. So he still looks classy but it's kind of funny and it's kind of ironic. Yeah.

Okay. So I'm not sure how that affects you. All right I'm closing the floor for questions now.

I hope you got them all in. He just bought you once. Okay now Rory I'm sorry that is not how you play.

I said I closed the floor for questions and then you tried to jump in with a late question. I'm afraid that's going to affect your score here. I meant to think that. I didn't think I said that out. I was trying to think it you know. You take a couple pills you don't know what they're gonna do.

All right well all right so now we're gonna vote. I'm gonna start with Mary in the middle.

I don't think that a tuxedo t-shirt is classy so that tipped it for me. Okay. So I'm gonna go with the room full. With the room full of rats have you seen Joe 's apartment? I had kind of a recovered memory where I feel like I may have seen that because I have a visual is it all hanging like they're coming from everywhere. Unfortunately you're going to be living with all the small rats with hundreds and hundreds of small rats. All right Rory moving on to you. I've never seen Joe's apartment but same answer. I'd love to have three big roommates. I think that'd probably be the best security system you could ever have. No he's breaking in steel and stuff. You got human size rats.

Hell that'd be fun. Great answer. All right moving on to Reggie.

Yeah I mean I'm gonna have to go with the Coca-Cola syringe t-shirt tuxedo rat because.

Why is that? Because I'm thinking like maybe he's a lab rat that's escaped and it's a special kind of Coca-Cola and that when it's mixed you know like if you're being bitten and you're like trying to stop him and you accidentally like you know deton ate the syringe. Right. Like perhaps it does something amazing like makes you immune to every single disease on the planet. You know.

Unfortunately you did not ask that question and that does not happen. Okay. I have that information but you've already voted so I'm afraid that means you lose this round. Now I have to determine a winner let's check to see who won. Mary you won this round.

No you did because you apologized and Rory he made a faux pasn he did not apologize and I won 't I'm a Christian I'm a Christian man and Reggie Reggie was disqualified so. Christians are supposed to apologize and they're not supposed to smoke pot I hate to pretend. New way that's a new way.

You're not supposed to bring a doodle pad in church. In WC. Please put the doodle pad away right now.

I feel you're not paying attention.

New pictures of Jesus. Oh we have a prize for Mary. This is something that was mailed to Count Freddie Radio. He even gets the name of the show wrong. It's Camp Freddie Radio. It's from Mr. Robert Kaufman apartment 206 in Wichita Falls, Texas mailed something to Count Freddie Radio which is not the show that Dave Navarro hosts but you can. Can I open it? You can open it and have whatever is inside. Can I. I don't feel right. This is exciting.

Keeping someone else's mail.

Joe do you think we have time to play one more? I don't know what do you think? No all right.

Come on. Okay. What am I going to say to you? Whoa. What do you want to say to tell you?

Whoa. And we're getting a song by Reggie. Still to come. Is that all right? All right let's do it.

All right so we have one more question. Mary what's in there by the way. Wow. This is not what I expected.

Is it? Oh my gosh. Very close handwriting. Oh. Very small.

It's like a half handwritten half-typed a copy of someone's registration at the writer's guild.

Some type of run-on script entitled coffee.

I've seen that. I've got a chapter in my book about when you receive stuff like that in the mail.

What it might mean. Okay well that I'm afraid we're going to two rounds is all we have time for today. And that uh do we have the theme song ready Joe? And my reverb that is how you...

No it's not ready. That is how you play Would You Rather.

Oh hi. And that's how we play. That was a little short round. We have just too much show. You guys are too good. Reggie what do you think? You ready to do another song? Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Yes.

Did we hook it up exactly the same way we did last time?

Okay now back. There we go. All right this Reggie you're going to be at Vancouver Comedy Fest doing comedy death ray. This is a little bit of what you do. What is this song called? This one's called Mephistifalofa.

Yeah. Wanna do it. Wanna do it. Wanna buy me some loin moist now. Gonna mussin those loins for everybody that I see. Cause everybody I know always complains about having really dry alarms. Gotta get some more strong me. Come on. Well Sally comes down the street with a little dress and she's always chafed and she doesn't know how to think of rest. So I pull out my tube of loin moist nerve and Jesus doesn't really work and I say yes it's like named with tefl om so you won't ever know that you even have legs that create friction in the first place.

Hala, hala forget a bit.

Moo.

Bye.

Snerloi, boister, my boys.

Niii, boister, my boys.

That is an important thing.

All right, well, dare I say it, but this has been a fantastic show.

I hate to even wrap it up.

But that's it.

That's all we have time for.

This has been so much fun.

Let me talk to my guests and thank them individually.

Mary Lynn Ricekub.

What do you have coming up?

Thanks.

More shows at the Laugh Factory.

Are you doing those every Thursday night?

Yeah.

How can anyone buy tickets for those?

Go to the Laugh Factory website or call them.

Laugh Factory, Los Angeles.

Chicago Lakeshore Theatre.

Can Rory sign up for those?

He can sign up.

Hell yeah.

He'll be put on in around two weeks.

Oh, okay.

Just like you.

That's a good date.

A lot of shows that week.

I can't wait.

Bring your doodle pad for Jesus.

Rory Scoville, what do you have coming up?

I'm going to go check out this Reggie Watts guide to Space land.

Yeah, go see how he does that with his voice and hair, but it's crazy.

I like it.

I'd like to see more of that.

I'm going to go see.

If anyone wants to see me see Reggie Watts tonight, I'll be there.

I'll be in the back.

Reggie, you're doing show at Spaceland tonight?

Yeah, Spaceland actually.

Okay, sorry.

It's cool.

Yeah, I'm going to be doing that with Rory Scoville's going to be there watching and probably drinking Gatorade or whatever.

Whatever he does.

Yeah.

Whatever he does.

I'm going to eat.

I got some other gigs going on, but you can find out all of that stuff at ReggieWants.com.

ReggieWants.com.

You're also on Twitter at ReggieWants.

So you don't update that much.

Mary Lynn, you updated RiceCub, which is R-A-J-S-K-U-B.

I do.

I'm at Scott Ockerman.

I want to wish Happy Anniversary to my wife.

I got married one year ago.

Today!

We're at Noa Sunday.

We're at our anniversary.

Wish you a Happy Anniversary.

And we wish Danny Glover a lot of luck with his children's clothing line, which I may have talked about.

And we're sponsored by Claddy with a chance at Meatballs.

All right, that's it.

We'll see you next week with David Cross.

Woo!

On the day I went away.

The time was all over.

It was all I had to say.

I want to come again and stay.

Smile, and that will mean I'm there.
