Happy Episode 200! That's right, we've done episodes 1 through 199 and now Episode 200!

We have Jason Manzukas, one of our favorite guests.

We have a very interesting fellow I think you're gonna be interested to hear from all of that more all on today's!

♪♪♪ I'm Steve Croft, I'm Leslie Stahl, I'm Morley Safer, I'm Lara Logan, I'm Anderson Cooper, I'm Scott Pelley.

These stories tonight on 60 Minutes, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Good catchphrase! That's a really solid one.

That's really solid, thank you to 16.5 characters for that one!

If you have a catchphrase you know what to do, and welcome to the show Episode 200!

Boom! Boom indeed!

I mean, that is a lot of episodes.

That's too many episodes. That's way more than I ever thought you'd do.

My half, oh no, I mean when I first started this, 3 at most , 3 at out!

I like to do the English TV model, 6 episodes and then I'm done.

Then you're done, 4 weeks hours. 12 episodes, 13, done.

I'm Scott Augerman by the way and welcome to the show, this is Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We all have our lip balms, our respective lip balms and that's good to know.

Oh thank God.

And we have a very special show here for you today.

First of all, one of my favorite guests of all time.

Look, we've had 200 shows, he's been on probably 5.

I think that's right, actually, 5 or 6 probably.

But one of the best, one of the goats, greatest of all time .

Which one do you count as one of the best?

Uh, guests or episodes?

No, which one of the best? Which one are you referring to as saying one of the best?

Me and which episodes?

Oh, I was saying you were one of the best guests.

Oh, I thought you were saying one of your favorite episodes .

Oh God.

Two hundred episodes in and we still can't figure it out.

I want to, if this is your first show, by the way, the guest that I'm speaking to is not on every episode.

He's only been on about 5.

So if you're not enjoying it, stay away from those 5.

Stay away from those 5 episodes.

Although you'll be missing some great episodes.

Oh yeah, sure.

And some nuts are great.

The fans like you.

Uh, let me say who he is.

He plays Raffi on the league.

Yes.

In Mexico, they call a league.

Do they really?

I believe.

I hope so.

Uh, he plays, uh, he was in the dictator.

He played, uh, Sasha Bubo Gubus, best friend.

Yup, Sasha Bubo Gubus, best friend in the league.

He...

They mean in the dictator.

He is in a show called Enlightened.

I am.

Which I had no idea you were on until apparently we hear, uh, my wife.

Oh boy.

Two hundred episodes of my wife, Jugz.

My wife.

It's nice.

Oh my god.

Speaking of Sasha Bubo Gubus.

Uh, flawless.

Um, she saw you on a, I want to call it a billboard.

Is that correct?

It's a billboard.

It's kind of like this.

Ooh, you're making a, like, a film frame with your thumb and fingers.

That's right.

And by the way, you can see me make this film frame if you 're, uh, are watching this.

Uh, we're, we're shooting video of this one, by the way.

Which, uh...

I was wondering why there were cameras in the studio this time.

That's right.

You can go to youtube.com slash at your wolf to see me make this sort of rectangular shape with my thumbs and more fingers.

Now, let me ask you, can they definitely do that?

Uh, I forgot why I was doing it.

What are we talking about?

Can they definitely go to YouTube?

Oh yeah, yeah.

Okay.

Why not?

It's there.

It's already there.

Oh, it's out there.

Oh, wait.

It went viral.

What?

It's a viral.

Yeah.

That's what you call it when you put a video up on the internet, right?

Well, that's, it's actually, it's gone viral is appropriate for a number of situations actually.

Really?

A couple that I could explain.

Welcome to the world of AIDS.

Um, I do want to ask you about enlightened.

You're on this show.

Sure.

Uh, is it on right now?

What is the, what's the official?

Well, what's, what's today's date again?

February 11th.

Okay, yes it's on.

Uh, also, I am no longer on it.

Oh, sorry.

What happened?

As of now.

Oh, okay.

I'm not really in, um, part of this season.

Oh, okay.

But you were on the poster or something?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I am on the billboards and the posters and there is an entire poster that is just me.

What?

That's even weirder than the one that is all of us.

Are they trying to get some of that like dictator run off?

I don't think so.

I think they just did this, they did this kind of funny marketing thing where they marketed around all of Laura Dern and her kind of lowly workmates and there really is only a couple of us.

So it kind of made sense to include me even though I'm not in the entire season.

Although I'm not even sure if I'm supposed to say if I'm in the entire season or not.

Probably I shouldn't be saying that.

Who cares?

I'm probably in every episode.

I don't think there's a lot of crossover between enlightened fans in this thing.

Quite possibly.

Who knows?

It is a terrific show.

I'm sure there is.

But, uh, I'm sure there is.

Okay.

I'm sure there is.

Look, it's a terrific show.

I'm sure there is.

What's the wrong way of saying that?

Oh boy.

200 of these.

Oh, flawless.

Yeah.

But, um, gosh, Jason, where were you when we did episode one?

Go.

Where was I?

What was episode one?

Episode one.

I didn't listen to I started listening.

I probably started listening when you were on like episode 10.

Ooh.

I missed the first batch.

Wow.

So I was probably living in New York when you did episode one.

Gosh.

I'm guessing.

I don't know.

And podcasts don't reach New York?

No.

I'm the only podcast I listened to.

I don't think I barely even listened to podcasts very much then.

It was like, uh, yeah.

Yeah.

What did I even, I don't even know what I listened to.

Oh, how did I even, how did I even put audio into my body at that point?

Oh my gosh.

Just through the radio, through the stupid injector radio.

Injector radio.

Through your rectum.

Oh boy.

Now that is now that was back then, indie 103, correct?

That's right.

We did the podcast out of indie one, oh three one dot com, ponto com.

And now we're here at ear wolf.

We're here in the lovely ear wolf studios.

There's posters behind us of all the wonderful ear wolf.

Which you'll get to see if you go to YouTube and look up what we're doing right now.

You go to the comedy bang bang YouTube dot com slash ear wolf to check it out.

Check out the magic in video form.

I think you need a better web address for that.

I think you think so?

I think you need something that just goes zap straight to it.

Like zap straight to it dot com.

Zap straight to it.

By the way, not bad.

Zap straight to it dot com is a fucking home run web address for anything.

Oh, believe you me, I have already bought it.

Zap straight to it?

Yeah, I have an app on my phone that anything I say just you buy the domain name.

I buy the domain name.

Every single thing that I say.

I read everything you say.

Well, that's got to get expensive.

Hey, you know, but you've got that you've got that I have seen you.

You've got it on.

You get the IFC cheese.

Which by the way, we start filming the show today.

Febble 11.

Yeah, this comes out Febble 11.

We start our first day of production.

Yeah, very exciting.

Congratulations.

Oh, thank you so much.

You took home.

We're going to well, you know, I actually am not there.

We're doing this a little bit in advance.

Oh, OK, got it.

I see, I see, I see.

I have plenty of time to freak the fuck out.

But yeah, very exciting doing 20 episodes.

What, can you give us sneak peek, which we look forward to?

So many sneak peeks.

We're going to do episode one.

Then we follow it up with episode two.

Interesting.

Then episode three.

Now, are you going to do an episode five?

We're not going to do an episode five.

OK, good.

We go right to episode six.

Give a right over that.

Episode seven.

Yep.

Episode eight.

Episode nine.

Episode 10.

At this point, I think you should start now that you've reached episode 10.

You should do episode nine.

Episode eight.

Yes.

Episode seven.

You should go back down.

We're just going to repeat those.

You should know you should go back to all new episodes, but they go backwards to zero.

And then we're going to go count down from one to negative one.

Yes, exactly.

Episode negative one.

Which, by the way, I do want to say we're in the middle of February, and it's an exciting time, isn't it?

Yes, that's valid.

Because it's Valentine's Day and you know it's right around the corner.

The eye of the March.

In a couple of weeks.

No.

The 10th day of Oscar.

Oh, yes.

Of course.

The 10th day of Oscar right around the corner.

Out of the 12 days of Oscar, we have the 10th right around the corner.

The actual Academy Awards.

Yes.

It's actually, yeah, it's days away.

Just a couple of weeks.

A couple of weeks away.

And so beyond exciting.

So we've had the nine days of Oscar before.

We have the 10th right around the corner, followed by the 11th.

Have we had snubs and flubs yet?

No, that, well, we've had snubs and flubs of what was nominated.

Right, right, right.

But the 11th day of Oscar is when the entertainment weekly wrap up issue, including the snubs and flubs.

Of course.

And then of course we all know the 12th day of Oscar when the telecast wins the Emmy.

Yes.

So it is, it is my favorite time of year.

Oh, Oscar time.

I have an advent calendar for it where every day I open up and it'll be a little chocolate.

Little chocolate.

A little chocolate.

Chocolate.

Is that you?

A little chocolate Steven Spielberg.

A little, there's also a little, there's a little chocolate E.W. magazine.

Oh wow.

There's a little chocolate snubs and flubs.

I have wanted to say you've gained 200 pounds.

Yeah, no, no, no.

I am.

Well, and it's weird because the advent calendar is only 12 , only 12 days.

Yeah, right.

But each each door you open is actually into a door of your house that is filled with chocolate.

Yes.

It is not cool.

Yeah, you are a monster.

It is gross.

You're a gargoyle.

It is part of why I'm no longer on enlightenment.

They were like, you are too fat for you.

You cannot fit into this.

No, which by the way, I'm making that thumb and forefinger.

Get on YouTube.

You gotta see me.

Make the thumb and zap straight to it.com.

Go to zap straight to it.com right now.

Check it out.

I'm wrong with you, Jason.

Sorry.

I have had aggressive diarrhea and a little bit of a cough.

Just drive aggressive diarrhea.

Aggressive diarrhea is the kind of diarrhea where you are like, oh, no, I have to shit immediately.

The diarrhea is like, hey man.

Yeah, hey man.

Hey, come through.

Hey man.

Something's about to happen in life.

It's like when you're waiting in line for a restroom at a bar and some guy just like makes a beeline like pushing you out of the way.

That's what aggressive diarrhea is.

It is.

There is absolutely.

With a minute, the diarrhea is like, I'm coming out.

I have maybe a minute to get to a bathroom.

Really?

Yeah, yeah.

Maybe a minute.

Otherwise, it is just watery, brown, disgusting, pouring out of my butthole.

Tell me the truth.

If you have aggressive diarrhea during the program, will you excuse yourself or will you just do it right here?

The show must go on.

Have you ever heard of that?

I didn't realize it applied to this.

Oh, yes.

And we are in a very small, very hot room.

I don't think that Beauty Barnum, whoever coined that phrase, actually meant it when it came to aggressive diarrhea.

All right, well, so, and you can smell that, by the way, it 's apt to straighten it.

That's a two-tonk on with smell-o-vision.

Yeah, of course.

Smell-o-vision.

Why didn't that take off?

Why not?

You know what I mean?

Come on, guys.

All the other senses.

Three, four K, we can do all this visual stuff.

Why can't we just make a TV smell?

I hads, I phones.

I don't know anymore.

Oh boy.

That was not good.

All the other senses are taken care of when you see a movie , these iPhones.

I heard it.

I don't know anymore.

All the other senses.

This doesn't make sense because the eye in that sentence makes it.

You can't put an eye before a continent.

You don't...

A continent?

Speaking, bringing it all back around.

Oh, connections.

But look, all the other senses are taken care of when you see a movie.

Number one, you're seeing the movie, all right?

Number two, you say...

And by the way, I'm going to tell you right now, not all of the other senses are taken.

The U sounds.

Yes, okay.

Okay.

That's sight and sound.

Sight and sound, terrific film magazine.

Feel.

You're getting a handy.

Wow.

Bye for everyone.

Everyone...

Come on.

Everyone gets hand jobs and movies.

No, I have never had any hand jobs and movies.

Every single movie you ever go to, someone's getting a hand job.

I can probably name the movies I got a hand job during.

Name that movie.

Please, I believe...

I believe Rocky Four was one of them.

He Four.

So what?

Drego?

I think so.

Come on.

Dof Lundgren, right?

Right.

I'm pretty sure I got a hand job during the movie.

He comes out draped in the Russian flag.

And I'm...

You're a rock solid.

You are sick.

I am engorged.

Okay.

And who's giving this?

Don't mention her by name.

I'm not going to mention her by name.

I don't know what you're going to do with whatever it is about there.

I was involved with...

Oh, you were involved with her as a time.

I was involved with her at the time.

Oh, good.

That's a scene in the movie together.

Sure.

You didn't come separately.

You went to the kitchen together.

No, I didn't.

Run into her at the movie.

All the trappings are there.

Oh my god.

Getting in that handy.

You were involved with her?

You came together.

I'm sure I bought her fucking popcorn.

Sure.

And goddamn soda.

All right.

Next thing you know, her digits are wrapped around my unit.

Her digits are wrapped.

And this was a surprise to you during Rocky Four?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, I mean, we were like making out and stuff, but like shit went down.

What's the most aggressive making out?

You've ever done in a movie?

I mean, it's obnoxious when people are making out during a movie, isn't it?

Oh, it's super.

It is.

But in a relatively empty movie theater...

Sometimes it's okay, yeah.

I did get a blowjob once.

Is this the same theater that Fred Willard was at?

No, no, no.

This was just a regular movie theater playing a regular movie.

Okay, regular movie time.

Yeah.

Okay.

It's just like hanging out.

The movie was...

Shit.

Oh, oh.

Just grab it.

Matthew Dillon, Kate Hudson.

Matthew Dillon.

Matt Dillon.

As he's known.

Matt Dillon.

Is John and John and John and John and John.

Oh, he's John and John.

John, John is brother.

Hey, John, he's not.

You mean Dupree.

You mean Dupree was the movie.

That's not even how long ago.

What is happening?

That's like something a 16 year old though.

I agree.

You mean Dupree.

The girl was 16.

You mean Dupree by me.

You mean Dupree.

Dupree, let's do this.

I...

The most aggressive making out I think I've ever done was during the ice storm.

Oh, no.

Oh, my God.

It was just like full on.

It was first date.

Just blah.

First date you went and saw the ice storm.

I know.

It's one of those things where it sounds like a good idea.

I had pretty mind boggling sex to the sweet hereafter.

Really?

No, it's a movie about a bustle of children dying.

Yeah.

Spoiler alert.

For the sweet hereafter.

Spoilers for the sweet hereafter, guys.

No, the ice storm, just the most depressing.

Although, you know, the key parties, I don't know.

Maybe something.

There was something sexy about it.

I'm sexy.

You know, definitely.

I don't know.

But at the end, I remember we were making out much to the detriment, detriment, I guess.

No one liked the fact that this was happening around.

Were you...

People?

Or you mean just the other...

No, just the other patrons of the theater.

No one liked it.

In the middle of a row.

Oh, okay.

Although it was relatively empty.

So the only time I've ever had anything happen in a movie theater was virtually empty.

Virtually empty.

And we were seated behind everybody else's there.

Right, right.

This was not even that.

It was...

You were real.

People were behind us.

And I remember the very end of the movie, Kevin Klein is shattered by everything that's taken place and he gathers his broken family around him.

And we did not care.

And we whispered, let's go get ice cream.

Like that was what Kevin Klein was saying.

Oh my God.

To his kids and then we got out there and fucked.

Yeah.

So there you go.

That sounds amazing.

I so seldom tell stories of my life.

It's safe.

Because I've been with Koolop forever.

But the ice storm gives you some idea how long this was.

Well, if you and Koolop are at home and you are flipping through channels and the ice storm is on.

Does flipping through channels with one hand and flipping through something else with the other?

Hey!

You need Koolop's vagina.

Damn, maybe.

I don't think girls like it when you refer to it as flipping through.

How about I flip through your vagina for a little while.

Can I flip through you?

Hey, how'd you like a little flip through before we go to dinner?

By the way, the show is not this dirty most weeks.

But something in Jason breezes out of me.

When you if you come across the ice storm, is it awkward because she knows this story or is it.

I don't think she knows that story and I hope no one tells her.

Do you have a Pavlovian instinct to be like, let's go.

No, it's just the same with you and you mean to preach.

Oh my god, anytime Owen Wilson's dumb nose comes on the screen on any movie, I'm like, let's get it done.

I'm usually alone though.

The Royal Ten Moms.

Bye!

Drill bit Taylor.

We'll doppler effect.

I really love that.

You're so much.

A lot of people don't know you're a very accomplished Foley artist.

Oh, yeah, Dave Foley.

He was the first one and then I took up his- Mick Foley?

Sure.

The rest are mankind.

Foley, who was a motivational speaker and then he went into - He's character actually.

He character, yeah.

Jason, what else is in the news?

What else is in the news?

I'm kind of wrestling.

Wait a second.

I literally just saw you get to a point in the show where you were like, we're down a real rabbit hole here.

Yeah, I'm just going with- I'm just going with- I'm going to recover this.

Do I take a break?

Do I continue talking?

I can see you.

Instead, you looked away when Jason- what else is in the news?

What else is in the news?

You're just purely putting me on us on you.

February 11th.

By the way, terrible improvising.

Terrible improvising.

Hey, what else is happening?

What else is happening?

Today, February 11th.

That's how I like to initiate scenes, by the way.

As I bring someone up and I go, hey, what else is in the news?

Why don't you tell me what's going on?

Sure.

What else is happening in your life?

What else is happening?

You know you had a much- I had a- I just turned 40.

Yeah.

Just turned 40, pretty intense.

This is 40.

About you.

Popular movie, very much about me.

Me, my beautiful wife and my two beautiful grown children.

Trying to get away from him by shitting in the bathroom?

Oh, yeah.

With my aggressive diarrhea.

Yeah, all's well.

I just- All's well- All's well- Well, you're dead.

I don't know what to tell you.

Same old- same old nothing.

You have a podcast, how did this get made?

How did this get made?

We just did a bunch of live shows in New York.

I mean, fun as shit.

Great crowds New York.

Great crowd.

You know what I mean?

You did it again New York.

I love- You did it again.

Broadway.

The great way.

Oh, I love it.

Other than all the theaters there, I just- Oh, it's so great.

Oh, wait.

That's my one complaint.

Other than all the theaters.

My one complaint is all the theaters.

Too many theaters.

Yeah, but I love that street.

I love Sparros.

Uh-huh.

The pizza place, of course.

Faze New York pizza place.

Sparros.

Such a great street.

So I know what you're talking about.

The Hershey M&M store.

Mmm.

Yum.

What do those M stands for?

Are they ever going to let us know?

Uh-uh.

Mike and Matthew, I believe, isn't it?

Or maybe Mounds and Mars or something like that?

I don't know.

Mmm.

We'll probably never know.

We'll never know.

We'll never know what I'm saying.

Oh, God.

Give your lip to her.

Oh, yeah.

Get it out.

Let's put on some lip balm for the- Oh, we're going to- We're going to bomb it up.

We're going to flip through some lip balm here.

You know what I'm saying?

Where is yours?

You have more pockets.

By the way, Jason is wearing a nice white button up shirt.

And he- That's my surprise.

He also has some sort of jacket with a lot of pockets because as I found out when I went to your house recently, you carry the most stuff in your pockets more than any person I've ever- I do carry an aggressive amount of stuff.

It's a lot like your diarrhea.

It is aggressive diarrhea.

Oh, let's put our bomb on.

Mmm.

That's for the viewer at home.

Oh, yeah.

That's for the viewer at Zapprite 2 at Zapprite 2 at Zapp.

Zapprite2 at Zapp 2 at Zapprite 2 at Zapprite 2 at Zapp which is now half of the people are actually trying to use.

Yeah, sure.

Because we've said it 12 times more than we've said the actual address.

Let's redirect.

Oh, let's buy it.

Um, it's only eight bucks.

Let's buy it.

Is that really?

Yeah.

It's only eight bucks.

I don't know.

I'm probably- It's like expensive to buy domain names.

Bum domain names?

Come on.

Where are you buying your domain names?

I'm so happy.

Who are you buying your domain names?

Where are you buying your domain names?

I'm so happy.

Where are you buying your domain names from?

How do you- Look, bring it down.

Oh, bro.

I can get you a Jeep domain.

Oh, a Jeep domain?

Jeep domain.

I would love it if I could get www.jsonmanzukas at, uh, at Jeep.com.com.com.com.com.com.

dot.g.

Dot Jeep.net.

Remember our friend who drove a Jeep?

Remember that guy?

What was his name?

The guy who drove a Jeep?

He, uh, he wanted to be the mayor of Hollywood.

Chip Gardener.

Oh, Chip Gardener.

Of course I remember Chip Gardener.

He had a Jeep drive over his- He scarred our entire lives.

Oh my gosh.

Remember how we were driving that Jeep?

We were driving yesterday.

That's what I'm saying.

Remember how it seemed?

It seemed we revealed, we realized rather that we were driving that Jeep.

It seems like I would have said that first.

Remember that Jeep we used to drive?

We used to drive it.

But instead I said, remember our friend.

Who used to drive the Jeep?

That was- That was a real shocker.

That was a real shocker.

Those were great times.

What I remember of them, I mostly have- I blocked them all out, but they were great times.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Great times.

Well, speaking of great times, let's make some new ones.

Episode 200.

So good.

We're gonna get going.

We have a very special guest coming down- We're gonna countdown all the episodes, right?

All that we're gonna countdown from one.

And we're gonna go to negative 199.

Great, great.

We're gonna start at nose and we're gonna get to negative- Again.

Great.

So thumbs yesterday, Episode 200, we are gonna come back.

We're gonna have a very special guest.

When we come back, we have more Jason Manzukas.

His comedy bang bang will be right back.

Comedy bang bang, we are back here.

Back in the saddle again.

That's not a song.

Because they're back!

Back in the saddle again, that is a song.

That's a song.

Eros Smith.

For all of you.

For anyone under 80, that was Eros Smith.

Everybody still knows Eros Smith, just they just think they are from American Idol.

Yes.

Good call.

Jason Manzukas with the great call.

Manzukas nailed it.

This is a section of the show with call.

Man in their 40s talking about pop culture.

Good call with Jason Manzukas.

That's a separate podcast you're doing.

I just added up straight to a dunk.

Yep, zabstrichu.com.

Good call with Jason Manzukas.

Good call with Jason Manzukas sponsored by Jeep.

He's sponsored by our Jeep.

Sponsored by our Jeep.

Our Jeep.

Blonde sponsor.

Bloody tire tracks.

Bloody tire tracks and all.

And speaking of bloody tire tracks, did you make some during that break?

I didn't.

I just peed on my pee hole.

I didn't do any bronzing.

Good stuff.

We have a very special guest here.

This is the first time on the program.

I guess I don't have a last name for him, but Jason, please help me in welcoming Cactus Tony.

Hey, how's it going?

How are you?

How's it going?

I was good to meet you.

Hi.

How's it going?

I'm power cactus Tony.

Hey Tony, do I call you Tony or good?

Have all my friends call me Cactus.

C-T.

What's up?

C-Is anybody call you C-T?

Nobody calls me that man, please no.

But no one calls you C-T.

We should not call you C-T.

Absolutely no call me C-T.

You can call me Cactus Tony.

Sometimes people will call me Tony if they don't feel like they have time to go.

Some people call you Tony.

Most people call you Cactus Tony.

Those are the parameters.

What is your given name as I assume?

Anthony, something or other?

Yeah, that's right.

And you were given the nickname Cactus.

I was never at no time was I ever told my last name.

That was done very intentionally.

So that I could not find the people would you more me?

Oh, wow.

But who?

Okay, so I'm assuming your mother and father gave you up.

Nope, they raised me.

They raised you.

Biological parents?

They did, yeah, that's right.

But I didn't want you to know their last name.

They did not want me to be able to find me if shit went bad .

Wait, find yourself.

They did not want me to be able to find them if shit went bad.

So basically until you were- Wait, it did.

It went bad.

At what point did you leave home?

I was 11 years old and shit had gone bad.

If you knew where home was, it couldn't you always find them?

Well, I knew what it looked like from the inside.

They never told you the address.

Has you never been outside?

I had been outside.

But I never did take note of the address.

If it was in a while, the numbers on the house would get scrambled in a different order.

Oh.

That was all part of the plan.

But you didn't know your numbers.

Because that was the other thing I was going to ask.

Didn't- Didn't I have familiarity with what numbers?

And how they work?

Pick you, you could pick up a piece of mail and then from then on you would know your address.

I'd never allowed to handle that mail.

You weren't allowed to handle the mail.

They would scramble the numbers on the actual door.

They told me I was deathly allergic to mail and paper.

Oh my God.

I have a very severe food allergy to egg so I understand that.

Yeah, exactly.

But that sounds like yours was not true.

It sounds like it was not true.

I have- Have you ever touched paper since then?

I have, but you, you know, you outgrow allergy so I don't know for sure.

So as a child you could have been allergic to mail.

Very like, it's possible that touching the mail and finding out what the address was of our home might have killed me.

So in other words, up until the point you were 11 years old .

That's right.

They didn't allow you to touch mail.

They didn't tell you your last name nor your address.

They would scramble the numbers on the door in case they had to drop you off into the middle of a field somewhere.

That's right.

They changed them up every few days.

Okay.

So they referred to the street.

We lived on by various different names at different times.

Okay.

And then at 11 what happened?

At 11 years old, I was digging a hole to China and just in the backyard, just like a kid will do just for fun.

Sure.

We've all done it.

Of course.

How far did you get?

I got far enough that when my aunt walked by and I pushed her in for fun, she did not get up.

Wow.

Okay.

I'm very like 11 foot hole or something.

I don't know.

She did not get up meaning she died.

I covered her over.

Oh boy.

And then, you know, I went in and had dinner and then over dessert.

I said, Hey, anybody wonder where can I just can I inter ject here for one second?

What do you have for dessert dessert was a peach cobbler.

So that'll have my favorite desserts.

At 11 you commit a murder.

Well, like I said, I was just taking a hold of China.

Well, little did you know you were digging your aunt's grave.

Well, I had not a lot of dots where do I had no idea that that was going to turn out to be anybody's grave at all.

You swear?

I swear to God.

Okay.

I believe the guy.

I believe it was long enough for a body.

It was so it was about body length.

In other words, body length.

How tall of a woman was your aunt?

Wait, how wide was it?

Did she fall?

Did she fall in like diving into a hole?

It was not an elegant entry into the hole.

Okay.

So she hit some brambles on the way down just some jagged edges.

Did she have some help perhaps getting into the hole?

She didn't want to get in there.

But anyhow, I said it's over page colors.

I didn't anybody want to know where anti lead is.

I mean, nobody's even asking about it because I was waiting to pay last.

But sounds like you had a guilty conscience.

It sounds like you it doesn't to be honest, you said she fell in there earlier.

But now it sounds like and now it sounds a lot more like you helped her in there.

Well, that's what's known in legal circles as an assisted fall.

Oh, okay.

I'm not a lawyer, so I wouldn't know.

Right.

But you know, you know, you know, you have an assisted fall in the hole.

You know, you have an assisted fall in the hole.

I'm trying to get more into integrated marketing.

You know, you have an assisted fall in the hole.

You have an assisted fall in the hole.

You are the master.

You have an assisted fall in the hole.

The world's dead.
