Big news happened in the world last week and we have to address it.

That's right, the Pope returns to the show to talk about his retirement.

This is an incredible, very special episode.

As well as we have first-timer John Glaser from Delocated here.

All of that and more, all on today's...

♪♪♪ He conquered an empire with his sword.

She conquered him with her bare hands.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Fantastic catchphrase.

Thanks to Carlos Fugazi for that.

Do you think he's in the real band Fugazi?

I wonder.

Huh.

I'm gonna say yes.

Yes, Fugazi means fake as well.

So maybe that's what he's saying.

He's a fake.

Well, I'm sure you guys know who those people are just from their voices.

But we, of course, will introduce them in just a second.

This is your life.

Welcome to the show.

This is Comedy Bang Bang for another week and was a great week last week.

I just got back from the Vancouver Comedy Festival.

We had a great time up there.

Paul F. Tomkins and I did a show as well as Baron Vaughn was on it and Ron Funches.

Also, John Doar was on that show as well.

There was a lot of fun, great crowd.

That show actually that we did is on sale right now in the ear wolf store.

So get yourself a memento.

Paul F. Tomkins played Werner Herzog.

That was very, very fun.

Oh, I love German characters.

And we started shooting the TV show on Monday.

And finally we were able to announce that.

And yeah, first week of shooting went great.

We have incredible guest stars this year.

It's going to be fantastic.

And the show went up on Netflix.

The first 10 episodes is now on Netflix streaming, which a bunch of you have been writing to me about saying you've been watching it finally.

Thank you so much, Vat.

And maybe you're coming to this show, this podcast from the Netflix watching the show and welcome.

This is a little bit different from the TV show, but you can't see anything.

Unless you're looking at something while you're watching it .

Oh, that's true.

I'd like to imagine that everyone closes their eyes while they watch it and just imagines us.

The theater of the mind.

Do you know a lot about the theater of the mind?

We'll get to it.

Theater of the mind comp.

Oh, come on.

Go on.

Thank you.

And also the between two ferns episodes that I directed came out this week.

And thanks for watching those.

And those were a lot of fun.

And yeah, so thanks for watching those.

And we had last week was CBB 200.

And that was a very special show.

And now we're all caught up where it's CBB 201 recording this on a Saturday, Hollywood afternoons and.

Well, over the hump.

Yep.

That's what you're saying.

Meaning.

201.

Oh, I see.

You think that there's only going to be 400 episodes?

Yes, pretty much.

It's all downhill from here.

I wonder if there will be 400 episodes of this.

I'd like to think so.

No, there'll be a new technology.

There'll be hologram comedy or something you everyone moves on to.

Hollow comedy.

I love it.

Or just gram comedy.

Most comedy is pretty hollow.

If you ask me, Scott.

Interesting.

We'll get to that.

And let me introduce our guests here.

You just heard him describing that he feels most comedy is hollow.

And big news.

He's my co-host this week.

We had to get together.

We had to do this show because on Monday you announced you 're retiring and we want to talk about that.

The Pope is here.

Can you give me my full intro?

Oh, I'm so sorry.

A full title.

Oh, okay.

He's handing me a piece of paper.

Okay.

Oh, boy.

This is quite a mouthful.

All right.

Well, it's the official title.

His holiness Pope Benedict the 16th Bishop of Rome, Vicar of Christ, successor of the Prince of the Apostles.

Slow down.

Okay.

Let them smell the roses and take this in.

This is really not taking these.

Okay.

Well, maybe we can just comment after each.

His holiness Pope Benedict the 16th.

Awesome.

16 of those motherfuckers.

We've all been great.

The Bishop of Rome.

Yeah.

Rome, the best city in the world.

Where do all roads go to?

Me.

The Vicar of Christ.

I don't even know what that means.

You don't know what it means, yet you're it.

Vicar.

This is one of those words that sounds official and cool.

You don't meet many of them.

Yeah.

The Christ.

Yeah.

The successor of the Prince of the Apostles.

That's one of my favorites.

Yeah.

What?

Okay.

The Prince.

That's a Illuminati like who is the Prince of the Apostles.

Isn't that great?

But who was the original?

Because you're the successor to him.

I guess it's Jesus.

He was the Prince of the Apostles.

A lot of these things I never really thought about.

Who were the Apostles?

This is the Apostle Peter, the Matthew Mark Luke John.

All of them.

They were the Apostles.

But Jesus was the Prince of them?

Yeah.

He was the guy in the center of the table.

I guess you could say he's the leader.

Like the QB is the leader of a football team.

QB number one.

Okay.

All right.

Supreme Pontiff of the Universal Church.

That's cool too.

Supreme Pontiff, not just A Pontiff of the Universal Church .

We're not even accounting just for our small planet but all of them.

Is there a meat lover supreme Pontiff of the Universal Church?

Is that a fast food reference?

Maybe.

You don't eat fast food.

No, no, no, no.

All your stuff delivered to you.

All fish on Friday.

Yep.

But fish every other day as well.

You said all fish.

Fish on Friday.

Follow fish Friday.

Okay.

There's a lot more of these.

Can I speak through any of them?

Okay.

Go ahead.

The primate of Italy.

What is that?

I'm the main monkey of Italy.

Okay.

Archbishop and Metropolitan of the Roman province.

Sovereign of the state of the Vatican City.

Yeah.

Vatican City.

We're a whole country, one city.

Who else can say that?

Well, Universal City.

Oh, that's true.

I love Universal City.

We have a city walk coming into the Vatican soon.

Everybody look and I jump around with Shrek ride.

Giant gorilla just hanging off of a building and a car coming through one of the.

And John Lovitz club is going to open up there too.

Oh, I cannot wait.

Servants of the servants of God.

That's a cool one to use the same word.

Who are the servants of God and how do you serve them?

I think you are.

All you book.

All my Catholics are.

They're the servants and I'm their servant.

That's kind of a book.

That's my least favorite of all my titles.

I got to say.

Yeah, it's the most subservient.

Yeah, I don't like it.

Matter of fact, scratch that one.

Okay.

Yes.

Scratch that.

Yes.

All right.

Well, thanks for the intro.

It's great to be here.

Yeah, I want to get to talking about exactly why you retire .

But I also want to introduce our main guest.

Okay, sure.

Is that okay?

Of course.

As co-host, do you want to do it or do you think that I should do it?

You go ahead.

I'll join in.

I'll co- I'm not used to co-hosting.

I'm pretty much used to being in charge.

This is new to me, but I'll do my best.

All right.

Well, it's his first time on the show.

We are so happy to have him.

Virgin.

I love virgins.

All of the Catholic priests of Virgins, you know.

I do know that.

Yes.

Yeah, that's a very famous piece of trivia.

Yes.

People don't think of it that way.

It's true, though.

I have been trying to get him on the show for as many years as I've been doing it, but I never know when you're in town.

And about 200 episodes now you've been doing it.

Exactly.

But I heard you were in town and we rushed to throw this recording together in your honor.

And you know him from Delocated, which has its series finale, season and series finale.

Series finale.

Series finale is it.

Series finale on March 7th at 12.30 AM, which technically is March 8th.

Yes.

So if you want to maybe set the alarm for 12.15 in the morning.

I'm a huge fan of all the located humor and stories.

For a time I was in charge of the locating priests who had gotten in trouble to other places.

You were relocating them, I believe.

Yeah, sure.

Whatever you want to call it.

Okay.

His name is John Glaser.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you.

That's some good co-host clapping.

Thank you.

We don't have a lot of clapping when we...

I need some energy up in here.

Very exciting to be on with the Pope.

This is pretty crazy.

This is a pretty historic podcast.

Very strange.

I know they're not Catholic.

I don't get the Catholic vibe from you.

I'm not Catholic.

What are you?

I am Jewish.

Really?

Mm-hmm.

Is that your faith as well as just your birthright?

Yeah, you know, I'm a...

I guess I would say a loose Jew.

Yeah, it's kind of a non-faith, really Scott.

Lucy Juicy?

Lucy, Lucy.

Lucy, Julie.

Welcome to the show.

It's a big fan of yours as well as knowing you a bit.

But...

Really psyched to break the cherry on a fresh hundo.

Hondo?

Isn't that 100?

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

I just want to think of the worst way to introduce a 200 episodes.

You're not getting a lingo, Scott.

We're over the hump, we're into a no hundo.

I got Lucy Juicy.

That's true.

It's...

Isn't it great to just crack open a fresh hundo?

A fresh pod as well?

You'd never been on this pod.

Yeah, man.

Yeah, just, you know...

I'm always kind of looking to crack a new pod.

You know...

How many pods you doing since you've been here?

Oh, God.

I guess I've done three.

Should be number three.

Have they all come out yet or is this one gonna...

This is out on Monday, of course.

Is this gonna be the first one to...

Might be the first?

I might Trump it, all right.

Might be the first.

I love it, all right.

Podicating.

And you know, Mark Marin, he's got...

He's had some great guests.

He had Mel...

What's the name?

Gibson?

Mel Brooks.

Yeah, he had...

Even I know that.

He had Mel Brooks on...

I love Mel Gibson, though.

Yeah.

That guy speaks from the heart.

I'm sure you do.

But he had Mel Brooks and Carl Reiner on, and you know what ?

I think we trumped him here with the Pope.

I mean, this is...

Right.

What's with all the Jews, Marin?

No Catholic comedians?

Did he have them on the same show?

No, I believe he had them on different shows.

I think Mel...

Gibson, what can I give his name?

Mel Brooks.

Mel Brooks, I think Mel Brooks...

The thousand-year-old man.

Hell, that's right.

It is Mel Brooks and the thousand-year-old man.

That's right.

Those are two true statements.

But...

Isn't that this name?

Mel Brooks and the thousand-year-old man.

Yeah, the one-thousand-year-old man.

But I believe Carl Reiner did it at Mel Brooks urging or behest.

Oh.

Why are we talking about a different pod?

Let's crack open this pod.

Let's talk to...

Before we get into exactly what you're doing, can we talk to John here?

Of course.

Just a little bit about what's happening.

Yeah.

What's more important...

John O'Cannon are the Pope getting a new Pope.

John, can you say what you're in L.A. doing?

I'm in L.A. doing some Parks and Recreation episodes.

Fantastic!

Which I can say.

Good.

So, yeah, that's why I'm here for the most part.

You've been really funny on that show.

What's your character name again?

Counseling Jeremy Jam.

I love the look of fear in your eyes.

I'm going to have to answer this.

I'm like, make sure I'll get it right.

Jeremy Jam.

Jeremy Jam with two M's, J-A-M-M.

What a terrible name.

Yeah, that's so great.

And you're causing up trouble for Leslie Knope.

Yeah, he's an asshole.

You're sort of the antagonist of the entire season.

You're sort of like the Gustav Fring.

Just very quickly, I want to paint a picture for your audience.

Okay, just very quickly.

Before you moved your head just now to take a sip, when I'm looking at you behind the mic the way you were angled just a moment ago, go back to your left stop, a little more stop.

So right there, what I'm seeing is your left eye and the microphone coming out of your mouth and then your right eye is covered by that lucky rabbit's foot.

Oh yeah, there's like a rabbit's foot on my microphone.

So your face is really super.

Let me do this.

I'm going to take a picture of what I'm seeing.

I'm going to look very serious.

It's really...

It's like a...

It's like a cult album color.

Color cover.

Alright, that's pretty awesome.

V-cult?

V-cult, yeah, because it's so into Indian mysticism.

Alright, well, we'll...

Hey, that was really...

You got a website, you can post it in your fans.

Yeah, that was really dramatic.

Go check, go check.

I take back saying you can't see things on the show.

Good, I was going to...

You're going to see them out.

Put your feet to the fire.

This is going to be a lot of fun.

So yeah, is it interesting for you to play the villain?

It's pretty fun, just because he's a total dick and it's fun to play assholes and act obnoxious.

So it's been a really good time.

It is fun.

You know, a lot of people say, yeah, you're a former Nazi, but you know after a while you embrace it, you're like, oh, fuck it man, I am.

I was big deal, I'm over it.

Everyone loves a bad guy.

Yeah, someone has to be that guy.

Unites people.

And how was the audition process for that role?

I was lucky to not.

Are you off for only?

Yes, bro.

Wow.

Blowjob only.

I really think that he got the job.

Cast and couch.

Have you ever succumbed to the casting couch?

Suckomed on it.

I'm full of puns today.

Yeah, not that.

I'm a pontificate.

I'm not a weird situation like that where someone wanted you to do anything weird in an audition.

I'll accept anything weird.

I just had to walk someone's dog.

You walk someone's dog in an audition.

Which is a sexual euphemism and if you know what it means, you're shocked right now.

It's kind of exactly what you do with a yo-yo when you do it.

But to a penis.

Yeah.

Okay.

Gosh.

What's it?

Thankfully, no casting couch excursions.

I haven't either.

I think it's a myth.

I think it's a bullshit.

Or maybe it's because we're not hot girls.

Probably.

Yeah.

No time back in Chicago and second city, the SNL people come to town looking for hot boys.

No.

Marcy Klein.

No, no.

I never had to pull out my wiener.

You just let it in.

You just show it to somebody.

Like, oh, just all right.

I'll show it to you.

There it is.

Didn't get the job.

All right.

That must be terrible when you do the casting couch and you don't get the job.

Yeah, that seems like a bummer.

Ah, boy.

Just a wiener viewing.

We have a cast in couch.

It's called a confession booth.

There's a lot of those per church, by the way.

Yes, yes.

Get ahead in the church.

And a delocated ending.

As far as I'm concerned, it could go on forever, right?

I mean, why, why end?

And I'll ask this of you too.

You have to go out on top, am I right?

Is that what you're thinking?

Yeah, I mean, it was a, it was the network's call.

We would.

What?

The network wants you to go out on top.

Yes.

Yeah, it was just they just, they didn't pick it up, which was fine.

I mean, it was a.

Whoa.

News?

Is this a scoop?

Is it a sclewsie?

I don't think so.

Oh, OK.

It's just the way it is.

Right.

Just the way it is.

Go hard feelings.

You got to do.

No, no, no, not at all.

It was a great run.

It was extremely fun.

It's actually, I think, a good place to stop story wise.

We've been on Strange Trip.

It's been.

Yeah.

Keep them wanting more, John.

Exactly.

But a lot of shows don't get to do what you do where you, you come in and wrap everything up, right?

Yeah, that was the other thing.

It was certainly a bummer not to get to do more, but no complaints.

And we got to do this finale episode, which was great.

Yeah.

Very cool to get to do it.

It turned out really well.

How long are you inside a snow globe of a mentally challenged child?

What was that?

The reality of your show.

Is that the most famous?

Is that the most famous season or series finale of all time ?

A sign filled on the plane, perhaps.

And mash.

Probably mash.

And that was the most watched, but I think I find that the one that everyone references is the snow globe.

Because they did the twisty turny.

How many of them did that?

Yeah, well, Newhart did it where the entire show was a dream.

What else?

Lost.

Well, I know.

I'm purgatory the whole time.

I still don't know what happened.

That's not what it is.

So that's not a spoiler, by the way.

Look, look.

Look, I talked to God.

We talked it over.

That's what it is.

Really?

That's where they were trying to.

Okay.

Sopranos, yeah.

That's kind of sitting at the table.

Sitting at the table.

Yeah, if you haven't seen the Sopranos, they sit at a table .

Thought it was bullshit.

If in doubt, cut to black and put on an awesome song.

Yeah, that's true.

What do you have planned for the series finale?

I mean, it's a special episode.

Can you say anything?

Yeah, I want to be very careful to not tip anything.

But there is a clip online and what you see is my character waking up on the beach, not the beach, then the shore.

He said the beach, by the way, everyone.

I guess it's out there now.

Fuck, man.

What's the difference between a beach and a shore?

Well, he's on the shore of New York.

So it's not really sand.

It's not like a rocky beach.

It's not a...

Correct.

So he wakes up and he seems to not really know who he is.

And that's where that teaser ends.

And the audience's curiosity begins.

Wow.

Holy shit.

I have a voice.

Yeah.

I cannot wait to watch this now.

Yeah.

He just said the table.

Yeah.

I just set the table and told my kids you don't get to eat until March 7th.

Oh, yeah.

My stomach is digesting itself, waiting to find out what will happen.

So that's how the whole thing, that's how this video episode starts.

Wow.

And a lot of awesome shit happens.

There are a lot of like the Super Bowl, there are a lot of big sponsors for the finale jumping on board here.

Go, Daddy.

Mm-hmm.

Yep.

I eat a lot of Doritos in the finale.

Okay.

What, is it bonus sized?

Is it extra long?

Is it like three hours long?

No, it's still a half hour.

Oh, okay.

Which is what the show is normally.

Right.

Wouldn't that be funny if they didn't pick you up but they let you do a five hour?

Yeah.

A five hour finale.

We're doing a five hour finale and we're going to spread it over five weeks.

We'll show a half hour at a time.

Yeah.

Well, it's too bad they didn't pick it up, but that's great .

And fans of the show are in for a treat it sounds like.

Yeah, that's pretty good.

I think fans will be very happy.

Yeah.

And even people who aren't fans.

People that hate the show might go, oh, that was good.

Yeah.

I fucking hated this show, but that was a good one.

I was hate watching every single.

No, I don't think it'll get any newcomers.

Yeah.

Just people who hate it.

Just want to watch the finale, but that's it.

I just want to wrap things up before I find out what's going on.

There are people who just watch finales of shows.

Oh, yeah?

I want to see, I've never watched it.

Like life on Mars to me was like that where I was like, I watched the first one and was like, don't like it, but I like the premise.

So I'm just going to check out the finale.

And you want to see how he gets back to the future.

Tell me when it's done and I'll watch.

Exactly.

Well, that's amazing.

And John, are you working on anything else coming up that fans can, or fans or newcomers or people who hate you?

Since the Parks and Rec episodes have been doing, it's been like a through line through the season.

Are you in the finale of that?

I don't know.

I don't think so.

Not that I'm aware of.

So your character probably dies in one of these episodes that you're filming right now.

He may or may not commit suicide.

Wow.

I don't know if I'm allowed to say that, but he might commit suicide by jumping off of a bridge onto an airplane that then flies under the bridge.

Flies under the bridge.

He jumps off of the edge.

Anthony Kiedes lands on the airplane.

The airplane then dumps him into the ocean where a submarine is waiting where he goes down into the submarine.

So the airplane serves a step from the bridge to make it a safe jump to the submarine.

Correct.

He just jumps from the bridge to the submarine.

You kill yourself.

Probably kill himself or hurt really bad.

But you do end up killing yourself.

How does he kill himself from the submarine?

So it goes into the submarine and again, I probably...

Into the hatch?

Is the hatch open?

I'm probably going to get in trouble for ruining this scene , but it's still, even if I say this, describe this whole scene, it's still worth it.

You'll watch it.

Yeah.

You'll still be amazed.

Just for the spectacle.

So yeah, open the hatch, go into the submarine.

There's nobody in it.

It's just floating.

It's a button.

It submerges and goes down almost to the point.

Is that how they submerge?

You just hit a button?

It's a little more complicated than that.

No, I happen to know.

It's three.

In the real life, it's three buttons.

One, two, three, right in a row.

No, but the tour in a row and one's over to the right and down.

Okay.

So it submerges.

So it submerges, it goes to a depth level like you know, where if you go any further, it's going to...

Where do you get the bends?

Yeah, or the pressure it's going to implode.

It pops to a safe level and then I go to the very back of the submarine and go into the small room and lock the door and blow my brains out.

Wow.

Did you ever think of cutting a lot of that shoe leather to that room and just blowing your brains out?

Wasn't my call.

I don't write the show.

Yeah.

That was Amy's call probably.

She just really...

I don't know whose call it was.

That's pretty good.

Wow, that's amazing.

It's a fun scene to shoot.

Yeah, I bet.

I started shooting it last year.

I didn't know there was a bridge in Pardonnay.

There's not.

Oh, there are...

Oh, there are recti... that's what you as a councilman are doing or erecting a bridge?

We'll see.

Oh, shit.

Oh, for me to know and you to find out.

Amazing.

Gosh, I cannot wait to see you blow your brains out.

And is the blowing your brains out live?

Is that the one part of the show that's actually live?

We cut live.

Wow.

So you've filmed over the last year all of the bridge stuff and the plane and all that and you've taken...

I'm sure it's taken a year because you've taken a lot of stunt training.

Correct.

And you do your own stunts?

For this one I did, yeah.

Unbelievable.

And then it's just gonna...

You filmed all that and then it's gonna cut to a live shot of you just blowing your brains out.

Correct.

And again, I probably shouldn't be saying all this but it's still not gonna lessen the impact of watching.

Wow.

Yeah, it's gonna be pretty fun.

Amazing.

That's a little tonally different than a lot of those episodes on that show.

And once again, is this a super sized episode?

Because just that description sounds like 30 minutes.

I'm not allowed to say.

Remember when NBC was doing the super sized episodes 37 minutes or so?

That was what the best.

So good.

Oh, I was so filled to the premise comedy.

Oh my gosh.

I hope this one super sized.

Oh, it's productive.

I could watch you blowing your brains out for...

I hope they repeat it like slow-mo incident replay.

It might...

They were talking about running it over the credits.

Or just right as the gunshot happens, then they just cut to slow-mo.

So it's over credits.

Whoa.

You see it enter your head.

Right.

Crash through your skull.

You see little pieces of just brain matter escaping the back of your head.

And like, oh my God, that is amazing.

Pretty intense.

Wow.

Congratulations, man.

Thank you.

As an actor, I'm sure to get to do something like that as a thrill as well.

Super exciting.

You know, it was when they approached me about it and asked if I was up for it.

I said, of course.

Didn't have to audition for that.

No.

Where were you when they approached you?

I think I was home and...

You just knocked on the door?

What exactly happened?

Sneaky.

It's a phone call.

Surprise you.

No, it was a phone call.

I was getting ready to walk my dog.

She was putting her harness on.

She's in one of those dog wheelchairs.

Oh, Sheridan.

And one of those self-putting on harnesses that they make for dogs.

And so I was putting the harness on and it was going to put her and then I got the phone call and they told me they described what I just described to you.

And I was like, let me think on it.

And I walked the dog and it takes a little longer now because she's in the cart.

Sure.

But that turned out to be a good thing for this because that gave me time to process.

Exactly.

At what point was it the middle of the walk?

You were just like, I have to do this.

No, it was about a year later.

They actually approached me three years ago.

Oh my God.

About shooting the scene.

Oh, wow.

And they started with the finale.

Well, because they knew it was going to take a year of the training and all that stuff.

And so.

Yeah.

That's how far ahead they are.

That's amazing.

Well, all these shows, they have to be, you know, they want to be head and they want to bank scripts and all that stuff.

Most of your favorite shows, if you watch them, they filmed them three years ago.

That's why the actors, if you see them at like the Emmys, they don't look anything like what they do on the show.

Yeah, they're much fatter.

Yeah.

Much more.

All the references are like Sarah Palin and...

Yeah, Gangam Style.

That'll be out in a couple of years.

Yeah.

Do you talk about Gangam Style in this when you blow your head off?

Oh, man.

Again, I really feel like I probably shouldn't...

Oh, come on.

Give us something though.

Do you do the pony dance that he does in the video or?

What?

Oh, man.

I just want to get in trouble with the network.

I understand.

But as the blood is, you know, and the brains are coming out of my head, they're going to CGI it into a character that then...

Oh.

And probably just got in trouble.

Okay.

I can, you know what?

I'll cut this out.

I promise you I will cut that out of the show.

So no one will hear this.

Thank you.

Don't worry.

Oh, you're going to cut this pot out?

I fucking hate fucking jewels.

Okay, I'll cut that out too, Pope.

Thank you.

I don't want to go out with bad taste in people's mouth.

John, what is your family going to do now that you're going to be gone then?

Well, I mean, I've been here for a month and they came out for a visit.

No, but I mean, you know, when you blow your head off in the show.

Oh.

Have you not thought about this?

This is a snuff sitcom.

Is that the Swat I'm understanding?

I've heard about snuff sitcom.

Well, I did not think about that.

I did not think about that.

You haven't made any kind of preparations at all?

No.

Wow.

I mean, have you told them about what's happening on the show or did you just say I have a great- Do you run lines with your wife and she's like, wait a minute, what's this on the last page?

You blow your brains out and it says for real parentheses.

Oh boy.

He probably has those color coded scripts that other people can't read.

Yeah.

But you have to, that's how you keep it secret.

You got to put on special glasses that only he has.

Um, yeah, I did not.

I don't know anything about Hollywood.

That's what happens.

Oh yeah.

So every pilot season, the agents send these glasses out to actors?

Yeah, exactly.

Well, if you're, if you're a really big actor, like a George Clooney, you have your own glasses that you own and they have to color code it in Clooney style.

Now hold on.

Does the one pair of glasses work for every script or every script cars its own?

Every has it's own decoder glasses.

Exactly.

Yeah.

It's like, the pilot season so expensive.

It's like how every iTunes gift card has its own, you know, 25 digit number, you know, so it can't be duplicated.

Yeah, I don't know that.

So gosh, John has been processing this while we've been talking, Pope, and he, you look really upset.

I freaked out.

Yeah, this is a messing me up.

I'm trying to think about if it's not too late to request a rewrite.

Oh, really a rewrite or I would say recast because that, I mean, I don't think I'll rewrite that.

That's what's the whole thing about.

That's too extreme.

I think just let's rewrite ending maybe just the submarine sails off and are we cut away from the submarine before we know what happens, which I think is actually more interesting because did he didn't he?

Why can't people and end up with Leslie Nope instead of committing suicide?

Anything besides what they're what we're about to do.

We enjoy the show because it's grounded in reality.

Somehow you're just sailing off in a submarine.

It's like pulling the carpet out from under us.

We won't enjoy any of the characters anymore.

You need to kill yourself.

It's a risk.

It's a risk TV show.

It takes some time.

John, what if they came to you and said, okay, we'll rewrite it.

You don't have to do this, but instead we want your family to do it.

What would you pick?

I would pick neither.

You'd pick neither?

I would walk away.

You can't walk away.

You have your cake and eat it too.

Yeah, you signed a contract and Hollywood contracts are not meant to be broken.

When you go to the store and buy a cake, you have to realize you'll never be able to eat it.

And scene.

Oh, shit.

Can you do that in real life?

John Lee, who is one of the, do you know who John Lee from PFFR?

Oh, yeah.

Those guys.

John Lee.

They were one of the production company I heard for, located and they do their own shows.

Really brilliant guys and very funny.

The Archie Holler.

Correct.

And he wants, that's what he wants to do when he tells his daughter good night is just, as he's turning off life, which you just say, and scene.

I'm in the reality of I have a kid who's broken.

Yeah.

And he steps out and do his real life.

All right, well, we have to take a break.

When we come back, I want to get to this, Pope, because this is big news and I feel like I've been bearing the lead on this because, you know, I mean, why have we been talking about delocating?

No kidding.

That's, I mean, what the fuck kind of interviewer am I to be talking about?

Delocated.

What about my finale?

Yeah, exactly.

Okay, we'll get to that.

When we come back, we'll have more John Glaser, more Pope right after this comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang, we are back with John Glaser and the Pope , the Pope.

Very special episode.

Crazy.

Very special.

Not the Pope for very much longer.

When you don't be my title.

When are you done?

The end of this month.

March 1st.

All the card must come.

Yeah, do they do the white smoke thing?

And is that how they're going to pick the new one?

Yeah, we all get tired and I get really fucked up high.

And we excel into, you know, how the volcano vaporizer works?

I know I do not know.

But I can imagine.

Yeah, it goes into this big bag and then we let it loose when we figure out to get fucked up and randomly figure out who's going to be next Pope.

I thought that though, I will get to that, but you do get a say in who the next Pope is then.

Do I?

Yeah.

I should.

I haven't really thought about that.

I should get like 10 volts, shouldn't I?

Yeah, I mean you are of course the supreme pontiff of the universal church.

Well I'm the first Pope in 600 years to retire.

I don't know if you know that.

No, I mean that's what I thought.

I thought the Pope's only got out when it's like the mafia.

You get out when you're dead, you know.

Yeah, I know.

Well, no, that's a lot of people don't know about the church.

There's actually one more level higher than the Pope, which is my new title.

Yes.

So you're not technically retiring, you're ascending to a new Pope?

Yes, there's the Grand Wizard.

Grand Wizard.

That is not right.

And then Grand Wizard.

And a lot of Pop's just never achieved that level really, getting onto Grand Wizard.

And I'm really happy.

So the previous Pope, what was his name?

John Paul or something?

John Paul too.

He.

John Paul slash slash.

He never got to be Grand Wizard?

No, he was a weakling.

Wow.

What do you do as Grand Wizard?

I mean, no one knows about this.

This is not common.

I'm a grand second guesser really.

What happened to New Pope says, I'll go.

Are you sure?

I don't want to do that.

I thought you're sure.

Yeah.

Yeah, make a new Pope decision.

I'll tell you what I'll do.

Okay.

I now as New Pope have decided that homosexuals can marry in the church.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Wait, what's this?

Come over here in the garden.

Let's talk about this.

Hey, hey, Grand Wizard.

What's up?

I hope you guys are here.

I hope you guys.

Oh, it's about a con gardener.

Hope you guys.

Hey, hey, I'm just close right now.

I mean, well, technically we can be wherever we can.

Yeah, technically you can.

It's the Pope and the Grand Wizard.

I don't think he cannot actually.

He isn't charged with a con and it's just a good.

All right.

No, well, we'll get out.

But before we do, can I talk to you about something?

I've just been mean to talk to you about like, do you.

Yeah, make it quick.

Do you mind not turning on the leaf floors before 8 a.m.?

I'll do what I can, but not much we can do about it.

Also when the seasons change.

I'm going to get out of here now.

All right, we back us.

We got to go back and do the church.

Yeah, yeah.

Into the Vatican.

Oh, my gosh.

Excomunicate the motherfucker.

I guess that guy never comes inside because he was.

You dropped your watch.

Okay.

Thank you.

There's no leaves in here.

Hey, I'm knocking over the vote of Condols.

That's how it will go.

That's how it goes.

And see.

Well, okay, I get it.

I get, well, that must be fun for you.

That's a little bit fun.

But you know, it's like Jordan, like I was saying, you know , a channel over here, you want to go out on top like Jordan did.

Did Jordan really?

Well, he.

Michael Jordan.

He went out.

He was.

And I came back and he was great.

Yeah, that might.

I might do the same thing.

I think I might want to try being a rabbi for a while.

Check that's out.

Wow.

Rabbi.

Wow.

In John's faith.

Wow.

Yeah, you know, it seems a little easier.

It seems fun.

You can fuck.

Can you fuck as a rabbi?

Hell yeah.

I never asked a rabbi nor imagined.

Well, yeah.

It's okay.

You know, that's a question.

They fuck like rabbits.

You know where that come from.

Oh, they added tea to that.

They're fuck like rabbis.

Someone mistook it for rabbit.

Oh, my God.

Yes.

Are the Jews a horny people John?

Have you found?

I mean, who's not regaz?

That's where all human beings.

That's why I know the way the thick wool claws keep the bon er stone.

They're just strapping them down like Spanx.

Yeah, that's my theory anyway.

But you know, I just be a rabbi.

Get all my old sermons.

Replace Jesus with Moses.

It should be fun.

And if it doesn't work, I'll just come back and be pop again.

Don't you have to learn that language that they speak?

What is that called?

Hey, bro.

That backwards talk.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Backwards.

Yeah, that's what it looks like, doesn't it?

It looks like just hold it up to a mirror and it would be like, Hello.

We call it mumble complaining in the Vatican.

That's what it sounded like to us.

Oh, yeah.

Do you have other religions a lot in the Vatican?

Yeah, are you killing me?

What do you think we're doing all day?

Take a charmer's station now.

Making fun of other religions.

So you just think you're going to be a rabbi for a while and then come back to it like Jordan did, huh?

Yeah, I mean, would you want to be a pop?

Think about it, people kissing your hand all day.

Slobbery.

Yeah, it's slobbery.

Slobbery on your hand.

Very unsanitary.

People don't think about that.

Do you actually have hand sanitizer right next to you?

Like when someone comes over and kisses your hand, do you then go, okay, thank you and use purees?

Yes, yes.

The South Americans in particular slobbery all over.

It's like enough already.

I've noticed it.

Stop using so much tongue.

What is that about?

My ring just wants a pack.

You know?

That's weird.

Go get a room with my ring already.

I would love to see that.

Someone actually going up to a hotel with a ring.

With a raffle ring.

And saying me and this ring want to get a room together.

Yeah.

Do you have a queen or do we have to have two singles?

And then see what they say.

Yeah.

I'd like to see that too.

That's a great prank show right there.

That's like a candid camera on.

You've been ex-communicated.

Do a prank show.

That's what I'm saying.

You've been ex-communicated.

The Spanish in question, son.

You sounded a little like that right now.

So what, why retire though?

I mean, I know you want to get it on top, but has there been some trouble?

My official statement is lack of strength of mind and body.

What is that?

I've heard that you might have a pacemaker.

All right, folks.

I've got a pacemaker.

All right.

Here we go.

It's not cheating.

A lot of the kernels give me a hard time.

Don't you believe God will take care of you?

Why are you science?

Because it's there, all right?

I want to use it.

Is that really a Catholic?

I knew that was like a Christian scientist thing where you 're not supposed to go to doctors and stuff like that.

We don't have a rule.

You just get a lot of shit.

Like all the prayers didn't work.

You got to get a pacemaker.

Oh, yeah.

So they think you're sort of a pussy for...

Yeah, exactly.

Oh, God.

It's not easy in the kernels.

Call your pussy in the Vatican halls.

Yeah, but you know, you are the pope.

You are the sovereign of the state of the Vatican city.

Couldn't you tell him to knock it off?

The servant of the servants.

Yeah.

Believe me, I do.

Oh, God.

I shuffle him around.

Yeah.

I'm not ashamed.

I want to get a bionic finger.

Bionic finger?

Yeah, that's the next purchase.

For what purchase?

I mean, for what purpose?

I haven't seen.

I'm accusing.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

That should be your pre-shidue prank show.

We just call it MC-N.

Yeah.

And that's how every prank ends with the pope coming in and see.

I haven't seen.

So maybe you're not actually pulling the prank because you 're like Ashton Kutcher.

You're too famous to pull the prank.

Yeah, I'm in the van.

Yeah, you're just laughing my ass off.

Just like what's not like.

Oh, it's Texas cargo tolled asshole.

Wow.

Yeah, so good.

I love it.

What's the deal?

What?

The deal.

What?

The deal.

Hey, what's my sign filled?

In Russian.

I didn't know you did it.

Who else did you do?

Well, still I thought.

Yeah, this is amazing.

Oh, I'm sharing store.

That's my job.

Wow.

You watch it a wonderful life?

That was incredible.

We love it a wonderful life.

We hate most Christmas movies at the Vatican, but we love it a wonderful life.

I thought he was in a Jimmy Stewart.

Yeah.

I thought he was here.

Really solid Jimmy Stewart.

Yeah.

What about Ray Romano?

I can't do Ray Romano.

Sure.

I'm gonna do Ray Romano.

Just try.

You give me a little and I'll see if I can.

Oh, Deborah.

Oh, just.

You really?

You can't do Ray Romano?

I can't.

It's like doing a cookie monster.

But without the gravel.

I can do Kermit.

Oh, that's Ray Romano right there, actually.

Oh, you're halfway there.

Wait a minute.

You're saying that's the trick to do in a Ray Romano?

Is this a variation of a Kermit?

Yeah, that's all you got to do.

That's one of you.

Comedy's so easy.

Say, I'm Kermit the Frog.

Hey, Deborah.

I'm Kermit the Frog.

Hey, Deborah.

Yeah, it's right there.

Yeah.

Very close.

Wow.

Very close.

Just turn the corner.

That's so much fun.

That's so much more fun than judging people all day.

Well, you're very gifted.

Getting complaints.

Now, I've always had a question, which is, what if Ray Rom ano were elected Pope?

Whoa.

What would he say upon being elected?

He might say, it would start with, I'm Kermit the Frog.

It's not to get into it.

It's not to easy being the Pope.

Wow.

Really nice.

Nice.

Solid bit of comedy.

Wow.

If you've come to the show from Netflix from watching the TV show, then you are getting a prime slice, right?

There is.

That's another thing not a lot of Novadik and his Netflix because it's science.

Oh, they don't like Netflix?

That's all.

No live streaming.

You're lost, guys.

Avadik and Toad not to prove live streaming.

Oh, terrible.

Too bad.

Terrible.

Well, can I ask, though, I was about to say, what's the deal with all the child moments?

All the child molestation and shuffling around and we just heard about a lot more of it.

Come on.

This is one of the things that's out there that I wasn't going to talk about, but I will right now.

I haven't been able to focus on that because a couple of years ago, I got catfished by a guy pretending to be God.

He convinced me for about three years that he was God.

Wow, on what?

On Facebook or just like talking into your mind?

No, that's what usually God's would do.

Come to me in my mind or a reflection in the pond if I needed a visual.

What is that gardener out there ever sees?

The reflection in the pond.

He has access.

He definitely has access to the pond, I think.

Yeah, I got to Twitter at God.

I got to talking to me and I gave him my Vatican phone number.

Then I started talking to him on the phone late night.

I'd fall asleep talking to him as he complimented me.

I'm sorry, GitHub said thinking about this.

He was so nice, this man pretending to be God.

I saw your talk today in your fancy garments.

You look so splendid for us.

Splendiferous, that may have been a tip off.

That should have been a tip right there, I agree.

It's so weird.

You've cried one single tear and then you licked it up like a frog.

Like your Kermit impression, you're just like, and you just licked it up in your mouth.

That's really weird.

Did you see that, John?

I didn't want it to just leave it be, but I'm glad you.

Do you like the taste of my tears?

Well, it's more a reaction of my lizard tongue.

You have a lizard tongue.

Yes, it's well known Nazi experiments by Gorbels doing World War II, which is a networks and mutations.

I was part of Brownshirts, part of those experiments.

What are you going to say, John?

One thing I'm realizing as we're talking is that something I've realized, something I've never seen is Ray Romano sad.

I'm very curious what that might sound like.

Okay, well, I'll leave moat because I assume he was not talking, so I'll just make the sound of that emotion.

Huh.

It seems like a cop out, but go ahead and have a little bit of a cop out.

That's the primal scream that John Lennon talked about.

Does sound like...

Wow.

I'm sorry, I just went into a trance.

Was that good?

It was amazing.

I think in its own way, really sublime.

It's pretty crazy.

Unfortunately, this is a podcast because I wish people could have seen what that was.

Yes, sadness is a visual emotion.

And you stuck your lizard tongue out a lot during that.

I wasn't even aware.

Once again, like Jordan, I'm not aware of my tongue.

I sort of had to have my mouth swatted away from my microphone because you were like just just like a wild fire hose.

Don't swat the papal tongue, Scott.

So sorry.

Yes, sorry.

It won't be the papal tongue for very much longer, though.

Can I swatted after that?

Well, the grand wizard tongue's even more elevated.

Oh, gosh.

Well, so anything else you're going to do when you retire here?

Well, we don't need a no-a no pop, after all.

We need a no-young face.

The new young fresh face of the papal...

We do.

A lot of people are saying we need a black pop.

Wouldn't that be weird?

It'd be too weird.

It'd be honest.

It'd be weird.

It's like a black golfer.

No, no.

A black golfer or a black president, I get that because like, you know...

No, it's crazy.

But a black pope would just be strange.

Might be a little weird, but I'm, you know...

You're for it?

Sure.

Yeah.

Really?

What about me?

Would people take him seriously in the hat?

He'd look a little too pimpy.

I think it'd be honest.

Let's be honest, though, an Asian pope, even weirder.

Aww.

No one would take an Asian pope seriously.

And you know, if picture on Asian and papal wear, it doesn 't look that weird all of a sudden.

It kind of seems too right.

I don't know.

It's weird coloring for Asians too.

You know what I mean?

Like all that white, you know?

I mean, you know how sigh?

I mean, we've taped this two years ago as well.

You know how sigh wearing that white suit, you know?

It's just like strange coloring on an Asian person.

You don't like that?

I don't know.

It seems to work for him.

I mean, it's working in a comedic way for him.

Mm-hmm.

I don't think Asians look good in white.

You know, now that I say it, I'm realizing how racist it sounds.

I mean, I've always thought it and thought, that's not racist at all, just Asians don't look good in white.

But now that I'm actually saying it out loud, you know?

Yeah, that's true.

But you don't think Asians look good with whites?

That's terrible.

Come on now.

I mean, maybe you don't know about my home situation, but I ...

It is your situation.

I have a...

My wife is Asian.

You have an Asian wife.

I have an Asian my wife.

And yeah, I mean...

She doesn't look good in white.

I don't know.

What color are your sheets in your bed?

They're whites.

That's what's happening.

Oh my god.

Oh, I've had a breakthrough.

I've had a breakthrough.

I've had a breakthrough here.

All of these shit.

Asians do look good.

I just don't like my wife.

Maybe the pop should be a marriage counselor in my second career.

Oh my gosh.

Wow.

I got it.

When I get home.

Speaking of tears, we're just crying now.

Don't please don't put away the papal tongue.

Please.

Oh, God.

That is disgusting.

Disgusting.

Alright, Popo, anything else you want to say about your situation?

My situation.

I'm just proud, you know, shout out to all the Cardinals who believed in me.

Maybe it wasn't great to elect a 77 year old guy to a new job.

Maybe it's not great to elect a former Nazi guy who used to be in charge of the most secret part of the church for moving around the pedophiles.

Maybe that wasn't a good idea, but they believed in me.

And I believe in them.

Thank you, Scott.

Fantastic.

Alright, well, we have to take another break when we come back.

There will be more comedy bang bang and more John Glaser, more Pope.

Great.

Women can't be priests.

Gives go to hell, no condoms.

Okay, great.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy bang bang, we are back with John Glaser.

And that was a pretty, uh, pretty powerful and impactful segment, wasn't it?

Pretty intense.

I mean, a lot of revelations and just, uh, pretty, it was incredible.

Yeah, it's incredible.

Even though I don't share the Catholic faith and neither do you.

It's, you know, I mean, guys are led.

And I only do for a couple of more weeks.

You're not going to be Catholic.

I don't have to be.

I've graduated.

Grand Wizard does whatever the fuck I want.

Let me ask you this.

Is religion true?

Is all that stuff true?

Big question.

Wow.

Believe me, before the sky was cut fishing means God.

I, I believed in him, but after this, I'm like, I don't know who to trust.

You know?

Wow.

Is there ever any introspection involved on your end?

Like as far as the cat fishing goes and do you sort of think about like, well, maybe, I got to think about this like.

Yeah, if I got catfish, maybe Jesus was cut fishing the apostles for all I know, or maybe he got catfish.

Have you ever been to the church?

Maybe he got catfish.

Have you ever thought about somebody who knows what's real?

Have you ever thought about what, if there is a God, why would he allow there to be catfishing?

That's a good one too.

Right.

Why would he allow dishonesty of catfishing?

Yeah.

I mean, out of every atrocity that God has allowed on this earth, catfishing is just how could, how is it possible for there to be a God if he would condone that?

Right.

And we're getting on to this catfishing problem away from things like pedophilia, so we can talk about what's really the problem here in this country is football players being fooled online by people pretending to be women.

Yeah.

I don't think it's just a football problem.

The basketball players and football players.

Basketball players too.

Yeah.

That's what it's going to say.

No word of the term, why was it catfishing?

Why catfish?

I haven't seen that movie.

Oh, no, you don't have to say that if you haven't seen it.

The term, well, if it's the, if it's the movie of your life , that's a spoiler on that.

Okay, that's true.

No, I haven't seen it.

I don't know why they call it that in that movie.

Catfish has no scales.

It is a bottom fitter.

And you think it's in the mud?

You think it's another type of fish when you catch it like one that you actually want, like a salmon or something, and then you're just like, oh, this is just a catfish.

You can eat catfish.

You can, but does anyone actually eat catfish though?

Really?

Yeah, fried catfish.

No, no, no.

I mean, realistically, yeah, we hear about it.

Catfish, po' boys.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

I mean, yeah, those things happen.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

No, no, no, no.

This sounds like Southern California.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, have you had a good one?

A pretty, a delicious.

I enjoyed that.

All right, well, you know, guys, it's time for one of our favorite features here on the show.

It's time for a little something we call, would you rather?

Scott, this is the song of the summer of 1947.

I haven't heard this in years.

Zebedeboo.

All right.

It's time to play, would you rather guys and John?

What are the chimes?

Remix.

Love it.

Nice.

John, maybe you don't know how this is played because this is your first time on the show, but I don't know if I do.

Obviously, you know how this is played.

People send me, would you rather, scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBB-W-Y-R.

A.K.A.

comedy Bing-Bong, would you rather?

And I will read them out loud.

Sure.

I will then open the floor for questions.

We're then free to ask any question you like about any of this or either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice.

Sure.

I have a lot of information that is not in the actual question.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning.

Okay.

Fair enough.

I just want to warn you right now, there's not going to be a warning regarding the closing the floor for questions.

All right, guys?

There's a warning that there is not going to be a warning.

Oh, yeah.

There's a warning that there's not going to be a warning.

Of course.

I mean, how rude would that be to close the floor for questions without warning that there's not going to be a warning?

Okay.

That would be terrible.

I am not that kind of a host.

Maybe you thought that this was going to be sort of gotcha journalism?

No, just curious.

But that's not me.

All right.

Okay.

Fair enough.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Wow.

Yeah.

Attention with a little boy.

You got the tension with it.

Hey, man.

We're working in here.

Oh, sorry.

Yeah.

Good junk.

All right.

I will close the floor for questions.

Then we're going to vote.

All right.

That's a good point.

And it's really very self explanatory after that.

All right.

So here we go.

This comes to us from Henry Morgensen.

Henry, what's up?

Hengams on Twitter.

He asks, would you rather live with somebody who constantly wants to explain the ending of Donnie Darko to you or blow kisses to every child you see?

Would you rather live with somebody who constantly wants to explain the ending of Donnie Darko is a trick question.

I have not opened the floor for questions, by the way.

So I'm sorry.

I wasn't asking you.

I was asking the sound man.

Technically, that was a question and any question that is uttered within the confines of this space, even if rhetorical.

Retorical or no, I'm sorry.

I'm going to have to document.

That is negative one million three hundred and sixty five thousand five hundred and twelve.

Oh, oh.

Bit of a hole.

Bit of a hole, but you can work your way back in.

Any other questions?

Is he in a bit of a hole?

Yeah.

You know what?

That technically was a question.

That's right.

I opened the floor.

Even in character.

That is negative two for you.

Wow, my friends.

I'm sorry.

Bit of a hole though, right now.

Can you in the middle of a sentence turn a question into a sentence statement?

Yes, you can.

Period.

No, because you could have, but you did not.

I did.

I think it's possible.

Is it possible to ask a question in the middle of this said the person?

That's a way to do it, but you can't ask it.

Complete that sentence and then say yes, you can as a separate sentence.

I'm going to have to doc you another.

What if it was, can you ask a question?

Never mind.

Oh, that technically was a question.

That was a question.

But it felt like there was no period.

Guys, this is out of control and love questions.

You're right.

Yeah.

So John, you asked one more question.

So you're at actually negative three now and you asked another question in hope.

So you're at negative two thousand five hundred eighty three thousand nine hundred and forty seven.

So I'm so sorry.

I've gotten myself out of holes before.

Let's do this.

I don't want to ask you what that means.

All right.

I've opened the floor for questions.

You can ask me anything about either of the scenarios.

I already have gotten all this.

Please don't answer before.

Okay.

You know, I mean, there's so much more.

Okay.

The second part was blow coke kisses to every child.

I already do this Scott.

You hope this is why.

Why do you want kisses to every child you see?

One, they love it.

So they're asking for it.

Look at the way they dress.

They're saying like how cute I am.

Blame your kiss.

That is true.

The babies tend to wear like really skimpy clothing that doesn't cover their stomach.

It's too tight.

Solomon shows all that curves.

Curls.

Yeah.

So you already do that.

But what if you could do the other thing?

I forgot.

Oh, Donnie Daco explanation.

Every.

Yeah.

If you could live with somebody who constantly wants to explain the ending of Donnie Darker.

Do you already understand the ending?

No.

You don't understand.

You don't.

But that person thinks he does.

Yeah.

And does he have a new theory every night or the same theory?

Every single night he goes, oh, oh, oh, I just realized something.

Oh, no factor.

Yeah.

He wants to explain it to you for an hour and a half before you go to bed.

Yeah.

John, no questions.

I'm no, I know exactly.

All right.

I'm closing the floor for the scenario then.

Can you remind me the end of Donnie Daco very quickly?

I'm sorry.

I closed the floor for questions and that was a question.

So, Poe, what the hell?

I very clearly there was no warning.

This is the shortest would you rather ever.

Well, we'll go on to another question after this.

Okay, fine.

Okay.

So, but I am going to have to doc you points.

I'm going to doc you two points.

Hmm.

So you're at negative two million five hundred and eighty three thousand nine hundred and forty nine and you're at negative three.

All right.

We'll see.

We'll see how the points go.

All right.

John, you're very clear about how you want to vote.

How do you like to vote here?

Blowing the kisses to the babies.

Blowing the kisses to every single baby.

Every single baby.

Why is that?

Of course.

It's certainly to me better than the alternative.

Okay.

The other one.

It's better maybe.

But have you really thought it through of every single baby you see you're going to be like, well, that's not how I would do it.

Really?

Because I've watched you.

Well, maybe to some babies, but every single baby, no.

You're going to switch it up then.

Yeah.

You have to sort of, I think, assess the baby and figure out how you're going to blow that baby a kiss.

And it's something that I just do a lot anyway, you know, with my kids and other kids.

So I'm easy choice for me.

So when you see the baby, you can't really know how you're going to blow the kiss until you actually see the baby and the babies in front of you and you're in that situation.

That's what you're saying.

I think so.

I think you can sort of call an audible.

Yeah.

Judge McCall.

Yes.

Exactly.

My favorite way to blow kiss is to, you know, establish eye contact first.

A lot of eye contact?

Mm hmm.

Wait till the baby sees you.

And if it, and don't rush it, don't like try to get the baby's attention, just let it happen.

Hold the eye contact for a little bit.

Wow.

And if the baby then breaks eye contact, wait for it to come back.

Again, don't force it to happen.

Don't try to sneak one in.

Yeah.

If he's just kind of like meeting your gaze.

Then you might scare the baby.

So once you've got a good eye contact, then just again, assess the baby.

Can you be enthusiastic?

You want to be quiet and subtle about it?

And then you blow the kiss.

So I'm going to add one thing on that.

There's a lot of people who aren't used to blowing kisses don't account for distance.

Oh.

Like, and you need to give the kiss a little bit of an arc.

Yeah, it needs to reach there because yeah.

Otherwise, you know, if there's five feet away, you really got to blow that kiss.

Yeah, you have to do it kind of up in the air.

Pretty much.

Give it an angle.

Don't be an idiot.

Not just going to do it really far up in the air and let the earth rotate and kiss come down and hit the baby on the head.

That's interesting, John, that you like to hold the eye contact.

It's a lot like, you know, when you kiss someone's hand, the way to do it to show that you're not interested in the person and you're doing it out of respect.

And you know this.

Oh, I know.

I believe me.

Is to lower your gaze and not look at the person.

The way to do it of like, I respect you and I may be interested, but it's not, you know, a sexual thing is to look until you get down to the hand and then you kiss the hand and the way you do it.

Yes, and you follow through towards your toes.

Yeah.

And the way to do it of just like, I want to fuck you is to just while you're kissing, look them in the eye.

Yes.

And then you do it.

You follow through your chin brushing their hand as you look up towards the ground.

You give like a little lizard tongue like on the back of their hand.

Not everyone has a lizard tongue.

How many?

Because I was directed at me.

How many people did Gerbil's do that to?

There was different combos.

Yeah.

You know, I'll give you a lizard tongue and a monkey tail.

Is that why you're the, by the way, the primate of Italy?

Exactly.

You have a monkey tail?

I do.

Oh, that's why I wear those robes.

Things that you hear, you know, just by asking.

No one's ever asked you that question before.

The thing, Scott, if you don't ask, why am I going to bring it up?

Yeah.

You know, I propose nothing.

I got a monkey tail.

So that's interesting that you're going to meet that gaze, John.

And just like, I never meet the gaze.

I can help it.

All right.

Man, oh man.

Come on.

That was great.

It strikes again.

All right.

Po Patty like to vote on this.

Oh, I'm going to go out the blowing the kisses.

I'm great at it.

Yeah.

You know, the dani darco, if it had been Southland tales, I might have been a little bit of a gun with that.

That's really difficult to understand.

So I wouldn't mind hearing.

I watched that one like three times.

I still don't get it.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, let me tell you the points here.

And John, you voted incorrectly.

I'm so sorry.

So, but you do get one point for style.

Okay.

So you're enough.

Yep.

You're at negative two for that.

And then you get three points for Pazazz.

Oh.

Congratulations.

So you're at one point.

Not one.

Yep.

Pope, you also voted incorrectly.

So sorry about that.

But your Pazazz was off the charts.

I don't know if you noticed that, but you were doing things with that papal tongue.

Pazazz is a town outside of Rome.

So I mean, that was amazing.

So you were off the charts on Pazazz.

So thank you.

You actually get four Pazazz points.

Oh, that's really so it's not down some of those negative points.

So you're at negative two million five hundred eighty three thousand nine hundred forty five.

That's still a third of the Jews we killed.

Yeah.

So it's not close.

So we're going to have to ask another question just to make this competitive.

All right.

So this comes to us from Phil Morehead, AKA at Phil More head, who asks, would you rather be a paparazzi who exclusively follows the cast of Roseanne ?

Mm hmm.

Or relive the day you lost your virginity on a groundhog day loop.

All right.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Go away.

What was the second one again?

Relive the day you lost your virginity on a groundhog day loop, meaning you just that day over and over and over and over and over and over and over.

Do you remember what you're doing?

Now Pope, hold on.

This question, does it even apply to you?

Well, it shouldn't apply to me.

But wait, you're saying that you lost your virginity?

I may have Scott with who can I ask with the guy who cat fish me.

His God.

What?

Wow.

I like what I'm saying.

Why?

You guys met up?

You would turn down fucking God.

Give me a break.

I mean, you're a married man, Scott, but Arthur's certain people you tell your wife, look, like I have a list.

Yeah, you're like, come on.

Angelina Jolie.

Yeah, Angelina Jolie.

You got to let me fuck her.

God.

Yeah, exactly.

Either Wendy or Lisa.

Look what Job did for God.

Oh, you know.

Right, I mean.

He did it.

He was going to kill his son.

Job?

Was it Abraham?

That was Abraham, I believe.

Yeah.

Well, you don't know anything about the Bible, do you?

That's another weird thing about the Pope.

So really, so he came to you and you thought it was God and human form?

What do you look like?

Yeah, we were thought hotel.

What do you actually look like?

Um, kind of a droopy George Clooney.

Mm.

Kind of like a George Clooney's kind of out of shape, brother.

Okay.

You know what I mean?

You know what you mean?

Like you look at me like, he could be really cute.

Yeah.

But it's God.

So okay, so, and then, and then John, what about the day that you did it?

Do you sort of remember kind of any details you can offer the listeners or?

Uh, it was in Cancun.

Nice.

Were you part of the real world cast?

Cancun, spring break.

Oh, holy moly.

And that map to me.

Whoa.

Mm hmm.

Next to the power of why.

Amazing.

Equals fucking an hammock.

Nice.

Wait, you were wearing a banana hammock while you were fucking?

Is that what you're saying?

Uh, we were actually on the ground, not in the hammock.

Uh, not on the ground.

Cancun, like just right there on the earth.

Wait a minute, on the beach or the shore?

Ha ha, Pope.

Ha ha ha.

So, is that a day that you would like to just, can you remember the whole day though?

I mean, not just actually doing it?

Uh, I don't remember the day I do remember.

Yeah, outside that one minute, what about the rest of the day?

Hey, oh.

Ha ha ha.

Pope, you need your own show, my man.

Pope is on fire.

Come on.

His Pope is on fire.

It's a very quick experience.

What about you, Scott?

Do you remember?

I do remember, it was hours and hours and hours.

No, it was winter formal for me.

Yeah, senior year.

Yeah, that's wonderful.

So, a lot of the day to me probably was taken up by trying to, you know, put on a tux, picking up a tux, buying a corsage, buying a corsage, trying to fit the tux on, you know, like trying to figure out how the cummerbund worked.

Oh, believe me.

What kind of my life?

Yeah.

Do you wear a cummerbund?

You can't imagine all the things you put on.

Do you wear Spanx underneath there?

Yeah.

We call them thanks.

Thanks, you Lord.

Oh, boy.

So yeah, that day for me, I would imagine the sex part of it would be.

Oh, and then, and then I got home and my parents were upset that I had stayed out past my curfew.

So that part wasn't pleasant either.

So I don't mind now.

Mine was a cancoon, spring break, no parents.

Benet, daiquiris.

Amazing.

I can't remember much of the day.

I would assume I was just probably drinking and hanging out at the beach and eating some good food and then eating.

That's a dream.

Pretty good.

Wow.

Yeah.

And you like the girl, like in retrospect, it's like, hey, that was a good choice.

Yeah.

Okay.

No regrets.

Was it someone you met in Cancoon or this?

What?

How?

John Glaser.

You dirty dog.

It's an easy choice.

Again, I know my answer.

Did you ever see her again after this?

Kept in touch for a little bit.

KIT.

Wow.

We KIT.

Did you ever go back to Cancoon?

No.

She ever go to America.

She's not from there.

Oh, okay.

She's a bit also.

You imagine some Mexican girl down on the beach.

That's what I was famous.

I see.

It was another spring breaker.

Ah, from what?

From another state.

Another state.

Gosh.

That's cool.

You were picturing the banana daiquiri girl.

Yeah, I was the one sold banana daiquiri.

You started way down in Deflaugherty, young Mexican girl.

Still, your story is pretty good.

Pretty good.

Not as good as it was.

Perhaps not.

And then so, yeah.

I mean, can you imagine just that day for you?

Great day.

Pretty good day.

Pretty good day for you.

Filled humiliation.

Yeah, okay.

When God says jack off in my hair, you know something isn't right.

Cut that pot out.

That old adage.

Cut that pot out, Scott.

So then the other side of the equation, of course, is Bia Paparazzi who exclusively follows the cast of Roseanne.

We're talking John Goodman, of course.

Roseanne, what's her name from the talk?

That's right.

Like, Jennifer, Melissa Gilbert?

Melissa Gilbert, that's, no, no, not Sarah Gilbert.

Sarah, Sarah, Melissa.

Sarah, Melissa.

Either daughter or sister.

No one knows.

And who else is on that show?

Wasn't there the guy who played the neighbor who you never saw over the fence?

Right.

Yeah.

Yeah, that guy's there.

I barely remember that show.

Even if he's not on that show, you get to hang, you get to follow him around too.

I'll give you that.

I will allow it.

So, no, not even close for me.

Not even close?

Okay, don't vote.

Yeah, don't vote.

Yeah.

What's the positive part of that?

Yeah, why do you, who wants to be a paparazzi?

Well, you're paid well.

You get to, you get to just despicable.

Why are you getting paid for pictures of Roseanne Barr?

Despicable.

Well, I mean, that's a good point.

I mean, so I guess you're not paid all that well, but you get to go into high speed chases with people on the freeway and cause accidents and, you know, it's kind of exciting.

You get to be human piece of shit.

Yeah, you know, I mean, haven't you, I mean, when you think about it, have you ever fantasized old man?

High speed chase.

We're talking about two of the fattest actors in Hollywood.

How fast can they be?

Cars don't slow down just because a fat person is there.

Well, a little bit.

Okay, maybe a little.

But haven't you, when you fantasize about having, haven't you ever fantasized about having a different life?

Like what if I had done this?

What if I had gone this way, you know?

Like haven't you ever fantasized about being a piece of shit?

You know, like, yes, but not that kind of piece of shit.

Yeah, but I mean, wouldn't it be interesting?

You know, getting to hang out with like Harvey Levin and, you know, being the surfer guy, you know, I don't like that Tim's the harass people tell them they aren't living right.

Always judging them, humiliating them in public.

You don't like it, huh?

No.

All right.

All right, I'm closing the floor for questions.

Let's vote it up.

John, how do you like to vote?

So right now you're in the lead with one point.

You're closing the floor?

Yes, you are.

How do you like to vote?

I mean, I am going to go with spring break.

Spring break?

Of course you would.

Groundhog loop.

Wow.

Walking into a cancun disco.

God, I wish I was you.

Spotting her across the floor.

Oh my Lord.

What did you dance to?

Do you remember?

It was just some shitty, I don't remember the song.

Just some dance music.

Yeah.

Bad dance by Prince.

God, I wish.

That would complete the dream.

Why are you forcing your own favorite things to just fantasy?

What if it was the Billy on the street theme song?

How great would that be?

Billy on the street.

You're just dancing.

Oh, what if it was?

Yeah, it's been.

Bare naked ladies.

I don't know that song.

Yeah, it's been one week.

Don't know it.

I don't know how that dare you.

I don't know.

Yeah, it's been.

Chicken each time.

It's been.

Yeah.

What do you think I was saying?

Something's been.

Go spin.

Okay, great, great answer.

Yeah, easy choice for me.

Great answer.

Great day.

All right, Matt, what do you got?

Well, I'm wait.

All right, hope.

All right, hope what you got.

Wow.

I was thinking of my friend Matt and just thinking about how, you know, what a great day he had when he lost his virginity.

Really?

And it just, I don't know, slipped at the time.

All right, so Pope.

And no more tongue jokes, please.

Sorry about that.

Pope, what do you like?

What do you got?

Well, they're both pretty lame.

I guess I don't want to be cat-fished by fake God again.

This is a tough decision for you.

I'm following around the fat doctors.

You're going to follow around the fat act.

They're not all fat.

Sarah Gilbert is lovely.

All right, relative.

You're the others.

So, okay, and you just, and it's merely because you don't want to go through being cat-fished.

Of course not, who would?

Yeah.

You humiliated and I'd like to.

You figured it out that day?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

What after you completed the act?

I was in a shower wiping guys, come on my head.

I'm like, God, this is not God-like, you know.

So you just confronted him?

I came back out there and he was still in my fucking wallet .

Oh, man.

Like, what are you doing?

Yeah, what do you say?

It's like, I'm not God.

Just write out with it, huh?

Yeah.

But did he hope that maybe you guys had something special and wanted to continue with you?

Yeah, he was in love with me.

Yeah.

He ended up being this guy I know back in the brown shirts.

What?

Back in the day.

But the brown shirts of Germany of the war?

Yes.

What?

I was in the hit or go.

I know you were, but this guy, he had a crush on me back then.

And he had followed you, your career, and he figured the way to get to use to catch fishing.

It was sad.

It was kind of bittersweet.

Droopy George Clooney.

So he must have been really old as well.

Yeah.

Oh my gosh.

Well, if you picture God being old.

I didn't.

But I don't think you're a Droopy George Clooney being old.

No, I know.

Picture him being about 45.

Well, droopy.

Yeah.

All right.

Okay.

All right.

Closing the floor for questions.

And here we go.

Let's tally up the points.

John, you voted for the reliving your day on the loop.

Great answer.

Great day.

There's got to be some bonus points for just the day.

You voted incorrectly.

Okay.

So I'm sorry, I can't award you points for your actual vote .

Okay.

Great day.

You do get great day points.

Okay.

We've always awarded great day points.

Good to know.

So you get three quarters of a point for that.

Okay.

And it was not a Mexican girl who sold you a banana daiqu iri.

So I'm sorry, I'm going to have to take away three quarters of a point for that.

But you're still in the lead at one point.

It could have been a Mexican girl who sold me the daiquiri.

Uh-huh.

But it was somebody else that I was with.

Yeah, you really should have ended up with a girl who sold you the daiquiri.

Okay.

You know?

Fair enough.

So our answers need to work into your fantasies.

That's where it works.

That's where it works around here.

Yes.

Who is it?

Who else is judging?

Oh.

All right, Pope.

What fucking an Asian on a white sheet?

All right, Pope.

Congratulations.

You voted correctly.

Oh, finally.

So let's see if you have enough points.

You did not get good day points.

So so sorry.

I agree with that.

Yeah, you don't get a bonus for that.

But you voted correctly and you get two million, 583,945 points for that.

So congratulations, John, the winner of one to zero.

Oh, so close.

It was such a good answer.

You almost made it up.

If only you hadn't asked those questions.

When the floor was closed.

So sorry.

That's the final one zero.

One zero.

Wow.

Pretty close.

Competitive.

Wow.

Tight.

And that is, of course, how we play.

Would you rather?

Wow.

My goodness.

Remix.

Brings me back to my senior dance.

Congrats, guys.

That was a great game.

And we only have one last thing left to do here on the show .

And that is, of course, a little something we call plugs.

Mm.

Nice.

Wow.

Nice.

All right.

Didn't see that coming.

No, but once it did, I was glad that I was surprised by that.

That is a plug song.

Mm.

Imagine it if we titled too.

Pretty nice.

Plug song by Bilbo Marks.

Bilbo Marks.

Thank you so much.

That was really nice.

Mm.

Yeah.

What do you think of that, Pope?

Ah, plugs.

That's what we call a priest penis.

Are little boy buttholes?

You said it, Scott.

Okay.

All right.

Thanks to Bilbo Marks for that plug song.

If you have a plugs theme, go head on over to earwolf.com in the comedy bang bang message boards.

Find the appropriate thread for plugs themes, put it in there, and you can have your song on this very program and be famous for Bilbo Marks, the least favorite Marks brother.

Yeah.

He was related to Richard Marks.

Mm.

Yeah.

All right, guys.

What do we have to plug?

John, tell us about Delocated, of course.

Delocated series finale, Thursday, March 7th, 1230, technically.

Technically the 8th.

But so if that's confusing to you, but however you got to put in your calendar, that's when it is.

Mm-hmm.

And then the big submarine suicide finale for Parks and Rec , unless I can get out of doing it.

I hope you can't because I really want to see it.

I understand.

Okay.

Pope, what do you have?

For example, I have a set of me doing stand up comedy available on mattbesser.com.

Matt Besser, that's my friend.

The Matt you were talking about, what's a small, small world Scott?

He did six different character sets and one of them he included me.

He let me come down and do a set.

That's incredible.

Yeah.

And that's for sale at Matt Besser.

Oh, in two dollars.

Great.

How long is that?

45 minutes.

You are beating the Z's and Louis EK at their own game.

Exactly.

I'm Jim Gaffigan.

Yeah.

Wow.

Congratulations, Pope.

Thank you.

It's incredible.

And then anything else coming up for you soon?

Improv for humans on this network.

You're going to be on that?

Yes.

I'm all over this network.

Wow.

And that's a new episodes of that come out every Thursday, I believe, on the year old.

Yeah, it's a podcast.

Who cares?

Yeah, that's true.

All right.

What do I want to plug?

Go head on over to earwolf.com to get the Vancouver show with Paul F. Tomkins as Werner Herzog and Baron Vaughn is in that show.

That is in the store over there.

Also, and Vaughn, he sounds like another German.

That's true.

Sounds like a made up name.

Also new episode of Analyze Fish comes out today.

You can get that on iTunes and the podcast or on earwolf.

com.

And that is Harrison.

I introduce it, but that is the part two of the Paul F. Tom kins and Howard Kramer and Shelby Farrow watching the movie Jaws.

So his Analyze Fish, F-I-S-H.

I see.

So new episode out today, the climactic conclusion they find out whether Shelby liked the movie Jaws, which she has never seen up until now.

What about an episode that goes after that guy from Barney Miller?

Hmm.

Interesting.

The guy who played Barney Miller.

How Lyndon?

Not great.

God damn it.

And then go check out the Comedy Bang Bang TV show on Netflix.

It's up there now on streaming.

A lot of people discovering it.

And then of course, watch every week Thursdays at 6 p.m. in Pacific.

We have on YouTube.com slash earwolf.

We have another earwolf show streaming doing a live stream.

I'm not sure which one it is this week.

But last week was Who Charted, which was really great and improv for humans the week before.

And people are really enjoying those.

And I'll be back doing those soon.

I hope I'm in the middle of shooting on Thursdays right now so I can't do it.

I got something to plug.

Hey, man.

You got to turn your thing off if you're going to plug something.

What?

I'm plugging it.

You want to plug your lead four?

Yeah.

Weird.

Okay.

Go ahead.

Okay.

Good.

And scene.

Very nice.

Okay.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

There we go.

Oh, God.

I was close one.

Mingle, mingle, mingle.

And close it up, bro.

All right, guys.

Great show.

Thanks.

John, I hope you had a good time.

Your first time.

This is a lot of fun to have you.

No, good.

Wait.

I'm just bust your cherry on a whole new hondo of bang bang s.

I hate that.

Um, Pope, thank you so much.

Good luck to you.

Thank you, everybody.

Yeah.

And we will see.

We have another show coming out on Thursday.

So we'll see you then.

Thanks, everyone.

Bye-bye.

♪ In your love ♪ ♪ In your love ♪ This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

♪ Earwolf radio, boom.

Come.

♪ The Wolf Dead.
