---
layout: page
title: 202. Nick Thune, James Adomian, Lauren Lapkus [17192⧸21088].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Do you smell that in the air? Oscar season is upon us while we have an Academy Award-nominated actor here with us. Plus comedian Nick Thune, fan favorite.

You never know what's gonna happen, all of that and more, all on today's!

♪♪♪ It's a bird, it's a plane! No, it's a bird. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Yes, it's a bird, it's a plane, no it's a bird. Thanks for that catchphrase submission. The sex, the sex submitted that, maybe short for section, we don't know. Welcome to the show . This is Comedy Bang Bang and we are here.

It is a wonderful day here in Los Angeles, California. No greater place to be than Los Angeles, California in the midst of this season.

And we know what season that is. It is Oscar season! Oh! And I have with me some wonderful guests both nominated and non-nominated.

As far as we know. Yes, that's right. There may be some secret Oscars happening in a skull and bones Oscar ceremony that the public does not witness. However, as far as we know, we have at least one Oscar nominated actor and one non-Oscar nominated actor that I'm looking at.

I'm still not gonna say I'm a fully non. I could. It could come in last minute.

Really, right under the wire? Yeah. Let me explain who we 're talking to you right now. You know him, you love him from his comedy. His wife loves him from their marriage. Not from anything significant other than. What else do people know you from? Gosh, spring breakdown. They went to Reben High School with me. Yes, people know from high school. People know him from friendship.

You have friends? Old neighbors, yeah. Old, maybe if they lived in Wildtree in Reben, Washington.

That's right. When I was younger, yeah, 28th place. So a wide swath of people who know you from different. Yeah. People also know you from this podcast. You're a multi-appearances.

Appearances? Multi-appearances. Yeah. So let me explain exactly who it is, but our good friend Nick Thune is here. Thank you. I was expecting some applause or something. What happened? Was I supposed to apply? No, I just realized there's no one in the room here. We can't hear people asked for it. We can't hear people. They're like on the subway listening right now. That's right.

If you're on the subway listening or on a bus or just anywhere in the office, please just applaud. We love them. Plenty of room to do it. We sure did . Giant gaping hole.

Nick, thanks so much for coming. Yeah, you're welcome. You 're a thanks for having me. Oh, okay.

You're welcome. Thank you. You're a friend of the show. I am. Good friend of the show. You've been on so many times. This show has gotten me in arguments with neighbors. Yeah. Was it your last appearance that you were on with two times ago? Two times ago you played your surreptitiously taped recording of your neighbor going crazy. Yeah. And then we put it out and apparently your neighbor. Everything's been fine since.

Everything's good. Yeah, we're better now.

Still living. It brought us together. Really? Yeah. You guys have like a bro hug? We did, actually, the night that I got back from New York after it kind of all hit. I went right to his house when I got home before he even dropped my bags off, knocked on the door. He came out.

I was like, I'm so sorry. Everything I did broke. Probably so many rules of just living next to somebody. You can't. When you decide to live next to someone, there are rules. Can't tape them.

You can't tape them in their yards. Audio telephoto lenses.

No, well, there was none of that.

I was just all audio, you know, which seemed legal at the time. And probably is legal? We don't know.

Maybe. Yeah. Could be. We haven't checked into it before we brought it. I was actually filming myself, audio filming myself. Audio filming yourself. Just happened to pick up his voice in it.

Right. I was taping something else. But anyway, what were you saying? Me walking to send him my doctor to let him know I was dog footed. What?

You ever do that? You walking? What?

Yeah. I was just filming my feet walking to send to my doctor and it happened to pick up audio of my neighbor. Have I ever done that? You ask? Yeah.

Of course I haven't. No.

It turns out I'm not dog footed. I'm only pigeon toed. Pige on healed. Fuck. I miss that joke.

Ah, take it again. I told it to my doctor two days ago and he really loved it. Dr. humor.

He said I was dog footed and I said, or am I pigeon healed?

And he loved it. He loved it. He asked if he could use it. Where Dr. humor crosses over with dad humor. Well, it's like you can give, yeah, that a little bit. The circles are intersecting there . I give those doctors jokes.

Yeah. Why not? That's where you get a lot of your trade from. Don't you? I mean, because you have a lot of health problems. Yeah, a lot of them. And so you were just getting over a parasite actually in real life. Really? Mm hmm. Tell me about it. Tell me about it.

Giardia. What? Can you believe that? No. Yeah. I don't even know what it is. Apparently, I've had it for a while. It's I haven't wanted to Google it just based on fear. But he said, I'll get over it. And he said, I'm 75% over it. It's been like four weeks now. I've been taking this detox tea. It's been ridiculous. Really? Just tea? That's the only cure. Tea and black radish pills. I'm going to a natural doctor. Mm hmm.

Because I went to a GI specialist.

A GI specialist? Meaning? Army. Oh, okay. No. Gastro intestinal. Oh, okay. This is some sort of parasite that lives up your butt. I was hoping it's actually my lower intestines, which I believe connects to my butt. Okay. Hey, we don't know. And my mouth on both. Probably.

It's a straight shot. Yeah. It's really a it's like kind of like this foam court, actually.

By the way, Nick has an old 1920s telephone that he's brought in so he can refer to it.

That was I knew I was going to have to show you. Yeah. But he didn't find it. The real doctor that my insurance pays for went to two different ones. And it turns out when I went to this natural doctor, they said that real like doctors that like pharmaceutical companies give everything to whatever they can only find about 30% of parasites with the techniques that they use. And there's over 30,000 parasites that we could have. Wow. Most people have them right now. What? Yeah. You have a parasite. Really? You have a parasite. He's pointing at engineer Cody here. You guys probably have them. Yeah. It's smart to go. You know, you can get like a detox at like some whole foods or something. Sure. But how do I know if I have one?

That's all I really do. Go into a natural doctor. Yeah. They can find almost all parasites. This guy 's found parasites in someone's brain and like had to separate their brain through this like mucous level. It's like he was like describing him. He was crazy. But have you ever seen the monsters within us that show on I think it's an A&E or the history channel? No, I have not. It is sad and it's scary. People die from parasites.

And most people never know that they have them. Wow. Yeah.

All right. Well, I go to a big natural doctor. You do? Yeah. But it's an entirely different thing.

No. Isn't... Wait, is your wife a doctor?

Yeah, I believe she is. Well, Nick, it's a pleasure to have you. I'm glad you're okay. I'm glad you're at least 75% okay. Yeah. So if you're out there ... He said about another week.

If you're listening to Nick and he's giving 75%, you know, there's an explanation for it.

Yeah. I hope you'll get back to 110 soon. I appreciate that . I do want to introduce our other guests, sort of my other co-host for the first part of the show. And when I say we have Oscar nominated guests, that does not include you. But it does include nominated for the master, which it's very exciting. Will he win? Will he not? It's Philip Seymour Hoffman.

Oh, yeah. Things for me. Oh, yeah. Yeah. My pleasure. Nick, have you ever met?

No, nice to me. I honored. A huge fan. Of course you are.

A great actor. Yeah. So, I mean... You know, I know that Scott, you know, and I have... I'm aware of my talent. Yeah. Some might say, why did I spend so much talking to Nick?

When I won, came Polly. Well, I demanded it. I demanded...

Well, I won, came Polly in the corner over there. Yeah.

Well, you know, what I like to do before I get into any role is to re-shot it.

That's from the long... You have a long came Polly on the brain right now.

I love the movie. Sharding is a very important part of the process.

But I saved that for the last week of principal photography .

I generally... I don't... Did you pitch the sharp bit dist iller?

I don't want to pitch films. You don't pitch lines?

I don't pitch lines. You don't want to pitch... You don't improv in a role at all?

I'll improv... I'll improv in roles in... I'll give it to me.

I doubt that movie doubt two years ago. Keep going.

Have you ever been in the room with a fucking genius, Nick?

Yeah. Have you ever been in the room with a fucking genius?

Yeah, Nick. Have some fucking respect.

All right. I won't drive your movie names anymore.

Yeah, yeah. Just, you know.

Now, you are a master at acting.

The master?

It's very interesting that you brought that up.

I've started to take only movie roles that describe...

Your personality?

My personality.

Oh, okay. What's your next movie?

My next movie is The Brilliant Butter.

Really?

What about Rotund? I heard you were starring in that soon.

Yeah. I'm going to be... Well, I'm not supposed to talk about this, but I think it went up on Deadline.

So I'm going to be playing Orson Welles in the Frozen Pease story.

Have you started working on his voice?

Of course I am.

Now, this is the Frozen Pease story when he was in commercials for those Frozen Pease.

When they're under the mattress and the girl sleeps on him.

There's the climactic scene.

I don't want to give too many spoiler alerts.

I do want to give spoilers.

I don't want to give spoiler alerts.

Yeah, yeah. You don't want to give it.

But this much like RKO 481, this focus is on a very specific part of Orson Welles' career.

I think the Orson Well story has been told in many ways, but I don't think it's really been sat on the way I can.

Can we hear a little bit of that?

Much like that girl sat on those mattresses with the pease on her.

Yeah. That's what we're talking about.

Let me give you a little Frozen Pease.

This will be in the Red Band trailer.

Oh, the Red Band? Really? It's a dirty film?

Yeah. We always release a Red Band trailer.

Sure. Yeah, no matter what the rating.

Yeah, yeah. No, I always, you know, I always want a Red Band trailer.

I'll take my pants down.

I'll take it halfway down the crack.

Oh, just halfway.

Yeah. We know a little place where Mrs. Buckley lives.

Okay. And every July peas grow there, you know?

You know the part in the fucking movie where there's peas?

Well, there's fucking peas.

I can't read the fucking coffee.

You want me to sit here?

I made aliens come down from Mars.

Have you ever done that, Jack?

Wow, interesting. Not bad.

Is that a straight scene of the movie?

Oh, you started your own applause.

That was fucking brilliant.

I don't know that you nailed the voice necessarily, but...

You know, I'm going to be in layers and layers of makeup.

In fact, I'm going to organically.

I'm going to experiment.

I'm starting with PT.

PT Anderson.

No, no, no.

PT Crazers?

PTSD.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

You're developing PTSD?

It's post-traumatic Seymour disorder.

Oh, okay. Because you're in the movie Seymour?

AKA Hard 8?

Fail-up traumatic Seymour.

Fulfurmatic Seymour often.

Disorder. Yeah, good stuff.

PTA.

Well, we're going to try an organic method of developing our prosthetic makeup.

You know, it's certain itches.

Have you ever...

Let me ask you this.

Please do.

I'm an open book when it comes to you.

And I need you right now, Scott.

Okay, good.

I need this from you right now.

I need to know if you've ever used prosthetic makeup.

Prosthetics, prosthetics, prosthetics.

I'm not asking you to rack whatever thoughts are in your brain.

Hold on.

Let me...

You reach back through the cognitive sources in my mind here.

Praset, prosthetics, prosthetics, prosthetics. No, I have not.

I have ones.

Brilliant.

Nick, what have you used it for?

Penis.

Attachment.

Yeah.

So very seen.

No, it was...

No, how would it do?

In a home film.

Was it exactly the same as your penis the way the marks was ?

Smaller.

Yeah.

You had a smaller penis.

Yeah.

So you looped it back up.

You know, I think that's...

I think that's some really great...

You know, I did that.

I've known that before.

Yeah.

I've known that for some live productions.

But, Philip...

I did a one man show of complete works of escalas.

Oh, okay.

And I taped my penis behind my...

into my buttock.

And your buttock?

And did you expose either one?

Or did you just...

No, I was fully clothed the whole time.

The audience didn't know.

That was my secret.

I always have a secret.

It's great to have a secret.

You always...

Every day?

Or just every job?

Well, that's actually one of my secrets.

Have you ever killed a man?

I have killed a man.

That's not a secret.

No.

And not in a movie, meaning just in life.

You've...

Well, my character...

You know, I've said this before in court.

I've said this to a grand jury.

I'm not going to be legally held responsible for any deaths that happen while I'm in character.

Yeah.

No, I get that.

I get that.

So you were telling me about a non-no, an organic method of prosthetics, meaning you just gain weight.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Yeah, I think it's really heroic.

I think it's really, really, really...

Natural prosthetics.

And you know what?

We need to have a beard rather than the spirit gum.

You just grow one?

This just seems like you're changing your...

You don't understand, Scott.

You understand the craft.

Oh, okay.

I was...

I have a question I've always wanted to ask you.

Who started acting first, you were your brother?

Great question.

Who's his brother?

Dustin Seymour Hoffman.

Oh, right.

You know, I don't answer questions about Dustin.

Yeah.

It's a touchy subject.

I obviously got a little talent.

Obviously, we got all the...

Do you hear...

And you know that...

I mean, I guess Jonah Hill broke up with his daughter a while ago.

You don't know anything about that, though.

Well, I should hope so, because that side of the Hoffman family is full of incest.

Dustin Hoffman is a rapist and he passes on the sins of his father's to his children.

Wait, the sins of your father as well.

My father is not part of this.

Let's move on to something more interesting.

I don't need to talk about what my daddy did to me.

Gosh, how about what Jude Law did to you?

Jude Law was fantastic.

We used to go fishing.

We used to go salmon fishing.

And we...

You know, the salmon are overfished.

Yeah.

So big problem.

But luckily, we brought salmon rushty with us and we pushed him into the water.

Yeah.

There's nothing like...

And when I fish, I fish like a bear.

You just weigh steep?

Just...

Yeah.

There's nothing like seeing salmon rushty try to make a river run.

And you know, just swiping out with your big step-at-wolf claws.

Yeah.

And you tackle them down.

I heard once that Jude Law was going to be prosecuted for fishing out of season, but he's actually...

You can't prosecute him for anything.

As Jude Law number one, you can't prosecute him at all.

It's crazy.

He goes by his own law.

Yeah.

It's insane.

It's an older law.

It's an older law than what we have.

It's a law laid down in time before time.

Were you working with him around the time when the pictures of his penis came out?

Would you ask a question like that if you were across the table from Gandalf?

Feeny?

Yeah.

James Gandalfini.

You understand...

I don't know if he knows Jude Law's...

He's directly descended from Gandalf degree.

Is he really?

Wow.

I've never seen him in the present.

I didn't know it's necessarily.

Okay, I want to ask that question.

I'm sorry.

Well, I was very interested in the quite...

You know, you're interested in...

I think you might want to bring you on a project.

You want to do a project?

Yeah.

I have a passion project.

It's a really exciting project.

The jumping off point I used was the master.

I think what's most exciting right now as an artist is to really try to take things down slow and boring as possible.

That's like my stand up.

I know.

I'll attract it.

I'm attracted to it.

Have you seen him my stand up or...?

You know what? I've seen him come up in...

Take that chance.

Gooey.

Yeah.

You know.

I think...

I think actually...

I don't talk about what I see or what I haven't seen.

I think, Mr. Hoffman, you could play Nick in a movie in a biopic, I think.

If Nick, if you were to ever do anything of note, people would want to think about you.

I have a really full schedule.

I have a really...

Fingers crossed.

I have a really full schedule.

It's going to be nearly impossible.

Really?

When's your next opening?

Well, I'm...

I'm actually...

I'm opening a major Hollywood production of Head of Gobbler .

And I'm playing the Gobbler.

Really?

There's a lot of sandwiches.

Yeah.

And I'm not saying this to put any pressure...

And the craft services that are heroic job on there.

I heard you're playing the hamburger as well.

In an upcoming biopic.

We're doing some art house McDonald's branding.

Yeah, good.

I don't want to put this any pressure on you, because I know they sound like good projects.

As long as it's pressure, if you're trained...

There is another actor out for the role that's actually interested in playing you.

Yeah.

Who's that?

Dustin Hoffman.

Whoa, Dustin Seymour Hoffman.

What do you mean, my fucking brother?

I'm just saying I know he's had this.

Why does he always get it?

Why does he always get it before me?

Yeah, he got the Oscar, right?

Why does he always get the fucking Oscar?

Yeah.

Get it out.

Why is he better than me just because he let daddy come?

What?

So if you win the Oscar, moving on to a brighter topic, then your daddy coming.

I do want to plug the brighter to everybody but your dad.

Yeah.

But if you win the, you want to plug the film, the master of that one?

Well, you know, it's funny.

I'm assuming that it's nominated.

I've actually...

Yeah.

I've been in it...

You don't know.

I've been in it well, you know, I've been in it...

Whenever a major Oscar worthy movie of mine debuts, I go into a sensory deprivation tank.

So I've been in a sensory deprivation tank since September of last year.

Geez, Joe Rogan.

So I'm a soup.

I do.

I do actually.

Is it the two of you and the tank together?

I spar with Joe.

I spar with Joe sometimes.

That's some of those senses are not being deprived in a two man tank.

We go in there, you know what happens in the sensory deprivation tank really feels like it's happening in all three universe.

Right.

You know, the balance of moral decency are gone.

Do you take any alter...

Like any drugs, but when you go into my altering substances?

You know, medically I'm required to take a certain amount of psilocybin, peyote.

But that's really...

Daily?

That's really only to counterbalance my anxiety.

Oh, okay.

I've struggled with depression and anxiety for years.

Yeah.

Who could have told?

And...

But you know, Joe and I and Joe and I have a great time.

You know, we don't work...

Sometimes you're closer friends with somebody where the professional relationship doesn't come in.

And Joe and I have always had that.

You know, he's an aggressive guy.

Yeah.

He's a big guy.

In the ring and out of the...

He is...

A very big guy.

And when we spar, you know, you might think, you know, I'm just a sack of...

You know, I'm just a big old sack of bare meat.

Yeah.

Bare muscle.

Maybe that's the thing.

There are some muscles down there.

But still, you know, when I'm going at it...

Yeah, you know, when I'm going at it, I pretty much play the punching bag.

That's my real...

I hang from a hook.

Really? That's your sparring style.

I guess some people get their ears pierced.

I get the back of my neck, the scruff of my neck pierced.

And I can hang from a meat hook.

I developed it for some...

I'm an addition for Goodfellas.

Yeah.

I auditioned for the Frozen guy.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, I got the fullness.

Well, that's commitment to your craft.

Yeah, you know, you gotta be able to accept some failures.

Yeah, still coming in.

Some might say his muscles are his best kept secret.

Yeah.

And you might say that the ink with the octopus shoots out to the strength from it is my fat.

A lot of fat.

Yeah.

You're really fat.

You've gotten fatter and fatter.

We knew a little place in the American West.

Where Charlie Briggs chops up the finest furry fit.

You know, it's a lot of shit.

It's a lot of fucking shit.

So another little glimpse at the Frozen piece.

Do you have a wife or anything?

I have a wife and anything.

Oh, good.

Actually, that's the arrangement that I...

What we have is that I have a wife, and she knows she's cool.

And also I have anything I want.

Great.

If I really, you know, Nick, if we wanted to get into negotiations about the movie, I might say I want you.

And we would probably go salmon fishing.

That's your sort of pre-movie ritual?

I do a Jude Law, and you know, there's some results you're attractive.

You know.

Thanks, Phil.

You know.

Man.

And uh...

Thanks, Phil, man.

You know, but I have to find out.

I don't know if he is.

I got to see if you're...

I want to see if it's prosthetic.

I want to see if you can catch a fish.

I want to see if you can catch a fish that's a dissident Islamic author.

And when I go salmon fishing, it's always...

I brought in a 32-pound salmon once.

King salmon.

Where?

Tofino, Canada.

Where did you purchase it at?

A fish market?

If the fish market's under the sea, then yeah, and the money I use is my own.

Does Aquaman run a fish market?

Then it might have came from him.

Does he take fish hooks and bait as money?

No, he takes clams.

And that could have been him still.

Yeah.

Answer the fucking question.

Was it your fish that you caught?

Or was it a fish that you brought in with money?

I caught it.

Clams from Aquaman.

I'm going to go with what Scott said.

All right.

Well, we'll never get to the bottom of the story.

We may not...

But we'll get down to the bottom of the sea.

Yeah.

And I think...

I think...

It is when...

I think it's worth...

I think it's worth a 70 millimeter shoot in underwater at the bottom of the ocean if you want to do it.

I have a slush fund now.

For just fun projects like this?

I have a 70 millimeter slush fund.

I can either use it for a film thing, or I can just put it into slushies.

One or the other.

And you know...

So if you want to film some bullshit, 70 millimeter, we can go swimming down the ocean, rustling around with some salmon in our pants.

Great.

Yeah.

I'm in.

I'm in too.

I know I wasn't invited, but I'm in.

We got...

I'll be there.

I'm in X constant companion.

Yeah.

As well.

We'll all in together.

We'll have our clams in case we can run into Aquaman down there.

She's got...

Scotty.

What makes you think you'd be welcome on this journey?

Oh, just my personality and how much people love me?

You know, Scotty, it's very interesting.

You played Scotty in Boogie Nights, by the way.

I did.

Yeah.

And I think I modeled it on you.

Come on.

That's...

Well, I modeled the part on you.

I mean, you're notorious for your tank tops.

All right.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Philip Seymour Hoffman.

I'm very excited for the Oscars coming up.

I'm so excited and I want to talk more about it.

I'll be watching him from my private balcony.

You're not actually going to go.

Oh, I'll be there.

Oh, you have a private balcony in the theater.

No, no, no, no.

It's in a blimp in a geosynchronous orbit.

OK, great.

And we'll be back with more Nick Thune.

And this is Comedy Bang Bang right out of this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Philip Seymour Hoffman.

And also Nick Thune.

Not as exciting, but you understand that.

I'm as excited.

You're excited to be on the show, Nick.

I appreciate that.

But our listeners, a little more attention coming over here to Phil Seymour Hoffman.

As you can tell, it is Oscar season.

And this is a live thing and we're seeing them.

We're seeing the numbers.

Yeah.

Every time he talks through the room, every time you talk.

Pause through the floor.

Me, actually.

Well, you know, when something goes through the floor, you're going through someone else's room.

Maybe back through the roof.

And we're going through China's ceiling.

I think it's very important to always consider what China is doing.

That's true.

And when, yeah, whenever Nick talks, Chinese people love you.

So you have a great time.

I have won a short film award from the Chinese.

Really?

They just any film they make is a short film.

I think it, uh, do you mean China?

Do you mean the Shanghai Film Council?

Or do you mean the Chinese?

I mean the Chinese.

Was it a fucking buffet?

Or was it a cultural exchange?

They sent me a letter and a medal.

Okay.

That just sounds like the Chinese.

You're right.

Yeah.

Uh, well, um, guys, I have so many questions about the, the Oscars and I just, um...

Can I get out of here?

Oh.

Can I go?

I'm...

I've had a secret this whole time because I'm grounded.

I just want to leave.

Please.

I'm sorry, guys.

Um...

Scott!

I have wondered why he has been sitting there.

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

Can you just hang out for just a little bit?

No.

I assumed he was a PA.

No.

A really young PA.

Scott's nephew.

This is my nephew, guys.

I'm tired.

Todd.

Todd, do you mind just hanging for a while?

We have a little...

I mind.

I'm in trouble always.

I can't get out of trouble.

I just want to get out of here.

Sorry, guys.

This is...

So boring.

Todd's been staying with me for...

How long have you been with me for now?

Four months.

Four months now.

In my opinion is irresponsible.

Well, on...

On the part of Todd's mom and dad.

Ever.

But, um, you know, hey, it's my responsibility.

I don't know.

Are they coming back?

You said...

You said they were.

I assumed...

My god.

They have been in touch with us at all.

Whatever.

You're always getting me in trouble.

It's a lame.

I just want to go out with my friends.

Go, dog.

Yeah, here's the deal.

Todd has been hanging out with me for four months.

And, um, you know, after the first month, I kind of said, you know, it's time to stop treating Todd like a house guest.

I had to start disciplining Todd.

And I have a firm hand.

Yeah, you're mean.

I didn't even do anything.

Oh, you're always punishing me.

I have a Nintendo DS on me if Todd wants to go.

No, no, it's not allowed to play video games for the next two weeks.

Sorry.

To that, there's Mario Kart loaded up.

Oh my god.

No, please, Nick, don't, don't.

Do you have Princess Peach?

Yes.

Glide up.

Nick, please.

No, Todd's not allowed.

I hate my life.

Sorry, Todd, but you know what you did.

Yes, Phillip.

Todd, you hate your life.

Do you know what?

You hate your fucking life.

Yeah.

You know what you are, Todd?

What?

You're a creature here.

You're a creature that's risen up from a dead universe to be alive, to be the fucking eyes and the shitting ears of God himself.

How does that fucking make you feel?

I don't even know.

I don't even know because when older people talk to me, I don't even be a dinch, you know, game because I can't even think about it because it's so boring.

Yeah, I have never.

Could you not curse at my nephew, Todd?

Todd, think about it this way.

We got- You know what?

I mean, I'm getting any care.

I'm getting into this.

You're getting into what?

You're just talking to Todd.

This is drama.

This is real life.

This is a troubled youth.

I know, but it's not your responsibility to talk nor curse at my nephew, Todd.

I got some- My responsibility to be on stage all the time.

All right, Nick, you were- I'll tell you what, I've started mentoring Todd already.

Already?

He doesn't know it, but I am mentoring him.

What?

And I'm going to tell you, we got two ears and one mouth, one mouth for a reason, all right?

Two ears, one mouth.

Listen twice as much as we talk, all right, Todd?

You should suck on a hot dog all day and night.

Todd, Todd, Todd.

Don't care.

Not Todd.

Don't care.

Todd, I'm going to have to extend your- Todd around dogs that didn't bother me.

Oh, really?

That doesn't bother- You look like you love sucking on hot dogs.

Yeah.

Do you love sucking on them or eating them?

If they're cooked and they're German dogs, I'll eat them.

Todd, I mean, I guess sucking on them would be okay.

Yeah, because- You are the bravest young man I've ever seen.

Welcome, welcome to my kingdom.

It's not going to work.

I see your breasts.

I always do my table reads with my breasts out.

That was weird.

You want to- That's so strange.

You want to suckle at it.

No, you're sick.

Please don't ask Todd if- Well, welcome.

Welcome.

I want you to try to exercise.

Todd, do you know if you're gay or straight yet?

I don't know.

I don't know where I am.

Come on, Nick.

That's not the kind of question.

I imagine that- I like what- As is mentor, I like to know these things.

It's something that Todd should discuss with his parents if they ever come back.

No, I agree.

It's very important if you- If you're mentoring a younger person, it's very important to know if they're gay or straight, because you've got to know if you're going to get it in there or not.

Yeah.

What?

I don't like anyone.

I don't have questions of anyone, okay?

I never had a crush.

Come on, Todd.

Be respectful.

Your uncle Nick asked you a question.

And even though it was kind of impertinent, it's polite to answer adults when I ask you questions.

I mean, how do you know?

How do you know?

I mean, do you like PPs or boobies?

I like- I like boobies.

When it's like, oh, my babysitter, and I like PPs when it's my friend.

Do you like sports or do you like music?

I like sports.

Do you like daytime or do you like nighttime?

Night time!

Oh, wow.

Do you- Mix messages here?

Do you like food or do you like water?

I like both or I need both.

Who are you?

The answer, Todd, is both.

You need it all.

You need good and evil.

So what do you need?

Get fucked and you need to fuck.

I've heard of these new hybrids.

Come with me.

I'm freaking out.

To a secret meeting.

Mr. F.L. please.

Come on.

I'm begging you.

I don't know if Todd's parents are ever coming back, but if they do, I'm going to be in serious trouble.

What did I do?

That they're not coming back.

What did I do?

What?

Tell me one thing.

Well, Todd, you're constantly in trouble.

I mean, I have to be honest.

I would never do anything.

I never did anything.

You don't do anything that you think is wrong, but other people think they're wrong.

Aah!

Sometimes not doing something is doing too much.

Whatever.

Yeah.

Todd, what if I told you right now that I had a 70 mill imeter camera burning $50,000 a second because you're giving the most compelling performance I've ever seen?

Right now.

What are you seeing?

What if I told you- Well, I'm just- I'm asking you, what would you do if I told you that- I would stick my finger through all the DVDs and fuck them.

What?

Well, the good news is I'm not doing it.

Yeah, Todd.

And I would never put you in one of my movies.

Because you're too brilliant.

You're too fucking brilliant.

Whatever is happening right now.

Wait, you- You are not gonna put her in- You are not gonna put her in the movies.

No, but I would use you.

I would use you as a teaser.

I would put you would be the rehearsal- You would be the best stand in the business.

We don't want to work.

Todd, you're at that age right now.

You haven't hit puberty.

Sometimes people are gonna confuse whether you're a guy or a girl.

Happened to me all the time when I was younger.

Whatever, I hate it.

I hate everything.

Yeah, I know, but Todd, that's part of the problem is you hate everything.

And it's- it's, you know, I mean- You haven't been great to hang out with.

Oh my god.

To be honest.

Why? I do everything you want.

Everything I want do you clean up after yourself in the bathroom?

No, you do leave your sopping wet towels on the ground, don 't you?

Phillip, please.

Oh god, have you taken- Have you taken Todd to the batting cages or anything?

No, Todd hasn't earned the right to go to the batting cages .

You just keep locked in your office all day long.

Yeah, you've been grounded since day one.

God, this sucks.

I can't wait to go home.

Look, Todd- Are you hungry, Todd?

Yeah, I'm hungry.

You want some cottage cheese?

Hey, Todd's not allowed to have cottage cheese.

Todd's not allowed to have- No, I wanted- No, I wanted- No, Todd's not- Hello, calorie!

No, I'm sorry, but- Why can't I have anything?

Look, Todd, here's the situation.

The day that you came and your parents left you with me, you looked me funny and I grounded you.

Okay, and ever since then, you've been complaining about the stuff that I haven't given you and you've been grounded every single day.

You didn't even do like a three-strack thing.

No, see, he's so mean.

All I ever wanted is to go out with my friends.

Go to a party!

What friends?

Go to a party, buddy!

Do you have any friends here?

Does Todd even know any people as age here?

I don't know.

Todd's been locked in my office ever since the day that he got here.

You know, let me go to school!

Yeah, I mean- What's the city do his parents live in?

Uh, Temecula, I believe.

You believe it's a sister?

I mean- Todd, do you care- Keep up with that side of the family.

Does anyone know that you're here?

Well, my mom sent me here.

So she knows I'm here, but she- Did she tell anybody else?

No, it didn't care about me.

Stay out of the sky.

I want to know about this.

She hates me.

Everyone hates me.

Everyone hates me for nothing.

Uh, because- There's gotta be a good reason.

You have to be some kind of threat to me.

I did one thing.

What did you do?

It looked at me kind of funny.

What did you do?

Do!

The reason I got sent to Uncle Scott's house- And it's not even a thing.

It's not even bad if you really think about it.

At school, I was- Hey Todd, can't hear you while you're crying, buddy.

Huh.

At school, I was walking around the hall going to my class.

Okay?

Yeah.

And- Yeah.

Yeah.

And I got- Yeah.

I got- I can picture it.

I got pushed into my locker by a mean guy.

Okay, who's a senior?

Oh, man, that's cool.

Yeah.

Okay.

Come on, bully.

So what I did is I went up behind him, and I took my penis out of my jeans, and I put it into his pants pocket in the back of his pants , and I punched him in the head until he fell down.

And then I went to science, and no one even knew, except the cameras caught it.

So no one would have known about the penis part of it.

Even that guy that you did it to?

He didn't even know I did that.

It was- That was just- Just shame him.

It was just in your mind that would have given you status over it.

Yes.

Wow.

And then the- Todd, I got to say I respect the shit out of you.

The cameras caught it, and then- And then I was in trouble, and then from that point on, nothing I do is right.

Now to be fair, I don't know if my sister knows she's- To be fair, I don't know if my sister knows he's with me or not, because I went to go visit my sister in Temecula, and Todd was the only one there.

What?

And- What?

Was she- Todd's parents weren't there, and so I just kind of like, oh, I was like, oh man, you better come with me.

That was four months ago.

Yeah.

So- They know where I am.

Have you checked out their Facebook or anything?

Ah, that's a good idea.

No.

They don't have Facebook.

We'll see.

They don't have anything.

Todd, we're born in this world without anything.

We don't have anything.

All you have right now is- I was born in a female account.

Everything else might be fake.

You're from hell to that.

No.

All I want is to go to one party and to go in one video game.

There's one way you can do that.

You want to do that right now?

Yeah.

Close your eyes.

Would you like to do that right?

Yeah, my uncle's got- Why won't- Let me- Because he's a mean!

It doesn't matter.

He's not here.

I- I'm right here.

No one is here.

I'm not here.

You're not here.

You know what's here?

Our imaginations.

Look, here's the deal.

You interrupted the show.

So you're grounded for another three weeks.

Oh my god, you sold the one- But- That said, because you interrupted the show, now you're part of the show, unfortunately.

So- Oh my god!

If you'd like to go to a party, meaning this is kind of a party with three kind of creepy grown men.

You know, why don't- Thank you.

Why don't we just say this is a party?

Thank you very much.

And this can- Thanks to the Academy.

Oh, is that going to be your speech?

Thank you.

I'm just- Yeah, what can you give us a sample speech?

I was just- I don't- Okay.

Have you ever watched the Oscars, Todd?

Are you interested in actors?

No, no, no, I don't really care about anything.

I want to play a game.

Uh, I want to say one- I want to think- First of all, this was a labor of love.

I want to think primarily- I want to think- Elrond Hubbard, I want to think the Church of Scientology.

Oh, so the Master is about Scientology.

Uh, yeah, I want to- I want to think- Paul Thomas Anderson for pretending that it wasn't about Scientology directly.

After the death threats.

I want to think in and out, I want to think- Uh, Fabburger.

Really?

I want to think Johnny- I want to know- No!

No!

I'm sorry, but you haven't earned the right to have him in the- What?

I'm trying to get me the right- What do I have to do at least- What do you like to do at least- What do you like to do at least- You're being punished, Todd!

I want to eat them all so everything!

He's never had it all.

That's- I can't.

He doesn't even know- What do you eat when you're grounded?

What do you eat when you're grounded?

When you're grounded, all I can have is- Whatever Uncle's content for dinner- Grounded beef!

That's all you get.

Yeah, that's all he eats every day- Hamburger helper.

That's all he eats when it's easy- Is it- That's actually a good diet- Made from cows that are ostracized- To nasty- And not allowed to go outside.

Yes, exactly.

Because they're bad cows.

I go to Costco and I buy huge packages of grounded beef, and then I freeze them, and then it's Todd's job- Three hours before I get home- To take the grounded beef packets, Which I cut into little tiny individual things, And I wrap them in foil.

You're Hitler! You're Hitler!

It's Todd's job to take the grounded beef packet, Take out three packets of grounded beef, Two from me, one for Todd- And defrost them- Three hours before I get home- And what do I find every single time I get home, Todd?

Frozen grounded beef!

Frozen grounded beef- Because when do you do it?

When you hear my car pulling into the garage?

Isn't that true?

The first sound of my life!

Yeah!

You make me fold all your underwear all day!

Look, I have a lot of underwear.

Okay, Andy- Oh!

You know, it needs to be folded like a flag.

I'm sick of doing everything you want!

I don't know if we're just one thing- I want one time- What do you want to do, Todd?

Well, I want to do is watch Every Disney movie in a row all day!

Every Disney movie including the live action ones?

Yes!

Apple Dumpling Gang?

I never heard of that one!

Twenty thousand leaks under the sea!

That one's dumb, it's for old people!

Would you want to watch the Three Cabo-yeros?

Yes!

That's a mixture!

That's a mixture of animation and live action!

Roger Rabbit stripped it off!

Yeah, it straddles the line between animation and live action magnificently!

Do you want to watch that?

Bed knobs and broomsticks is a pile of dukie!

The Three Cabo-yeros is the real confluence of animation and acting!

And the nominees are Bed knobs and broomsticks!

Oh, are you presenting in the animated- The Three Cabo-yeros!

Oh, okay.

Presenting in the Mixed Martial Arts Animation department.

Oh, and then Joe Rogan doing this?

It's me and Joe Rogan.

Yeah.

We're presenting Mixed Martial Arts Animation.

Right.

So, really, you just want to watch animated movies all day?

I'm gonna do one day, just one day I want to do that!

Please, there's a treat!

You'll get there if you ever- If you ever defrost the hamburger!

That's it!

That's all grounded beef!

Good!

You're the worst person!

I hate you, I hate you!

I don't sound that bad to you.

I honestly have met two or three people worse than him.

Thank you.

Right.

I haven't.

You know what, Todd?

I'm really connecting here.

You've ever connected with somebody?

I don't even know!

You don't even fucking know.

No one even wants me!

You don't even want me!

No one wants you, my friend!

No one- Nobody wants to be your fucking friend!

No one!

And you're here.

And I'm here right now, and you're fucking here!

You're here right now!

You hear my voice, don't you, Todd?

Yes.

You hear my voice, Todd!

Mm!

Do you hear my voice, Todd?

I'm in trouble!

Do it again!

Am I being punny?

Do it over from the beginning!

Do what?

Life.

Brilliant.

Life.

Wow.

Yeah.

That was fucking brilliant!

So were you just trying to get a performance out of Todd?

I'm not trying to get a performance out of anybody.

I don't try.

Don't do anything.

I let everything organically happen.

I roll out of bed.

Whatever the scale says.

What do you think about when I say cheerios?

You know, I think of a bumble bee.

Mm-hmm.

Think of a bumble bee?

A honey nut?

Bumble bee?

Yeah, I think of a honey nut bumble bee.

I think he's, uh, swatting around next to, uh, Ebenezer Scrooge.

And his, who says cheerio, because he lives in England.

Yeah, and he says, he says, he says, he says, but plenty of gruels to fight.

Thank you.

Yeah.

And I was up for that part.

I've been here for you.

I've been here for years.

Oh, look, I'm sitting here, feeling the more speed in my whole stomach in my whole life .

You're feeling so much pain.

Because I'm not being able to eat anything besides meat for so long.

Well, you get in the morning, called no jerryos.

You get leftover grounded beef.

Come, come, come, come, come.

Left over hamburger help.

Why are you hugging me?

We're hugging me.

I want to get a look at your face.

Look at my fucking face.

Are you going to kiss me?

I'm not going to kiss you.

Please don't kiss my nephew.

If we can.

If, if, if you...

Can't give him one kiss.

No, don't kiss my nephew.

I've never been kissed off.

Do you see these fucking kids?

I've never been kissed.

Don't, don't make Todd's first kiss.

Do you see more Hoffman?

Yes.

I've never been kissed because no one wants to kiss me.

He wants to.

Todd, God wants to kiss you.

Do you know about God?

Yeah, right.

I don't believe in God or anything above.

You see these, how do we talk?

You see these fingers?

You see my fingernails?

You see how perfect my fucking fingernails are.

Look at these fucking nails.

Let me see your hands, Todd.

What do you want to see?

Hold your hand up on my palm.

I'm doing it.

See, oh, my fingers are longer than yours.

Because you're a hundred.

It's because my penis is bigger than yours is.

Mine will be the biggest ever.

That's the spirit.

It's good.

That is.

That's optimistic.

Yeah.

Bravo.

It's good on me.

Bravo.

I want me to get this book of world records.

More than John Dylinger?

Really?

Yes.

All right.

Good luck to you.

13 inches.

You're one of the premier underrated artists of our life.

Todd, that's too much.

I know right now you're young.

You think I'll 13.

That's what I want.

It's not fun.

Yeah, it's not good.

Really?

From experience?

No, I'd have a friend, a friend of mine.

You're living through the worst years of your life.

Marky, Mark.

I know.

In that movie.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You know Mark.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He's a pretty guy.

All right.

Well, guys, I'm sorry about Todd's intrusion.

Oh, I'm not sorry.

He's grounded for another.

If you compared your prosthetic dick to Mark's prosthetic dick, by the way, Mark, Mark never took us off.

Did you ever take yours off?

Yeah.

You did.

Yeah.

Not.

Can you put it back on?

Yeah.

I don't know.

I never did a prosthetic penis, but I do have a prosthetic buttable.

Is that the organic prosthetics that you were talking about ?

It's 70 millimeters higher than my real butthole.

I have one too mine has a hemorrhoid fake prosthetic hemorrhoid attached to it.

Yeah.

That's what the ladies love.

Yeah.

I actually have a prosthetic tape worm.

And Giardia, you were mentioning.

Yeah.

One time someone in my school had a tape worm.

I got a prosthetic parasite.

And my science teacher had to pull it out and looked like a big rule to other people.

Come here with a butt.

Todd, don't tell those kinds of stories on the podcast.

Don't tell your story.

Don't listen to him.

Phillip, the podcast is not a place for those kinds of stories.

There probably was toilet paper.

I've seen it kid do that before.

No, it was a deep problem.

This is the problem.

Todd is constantly telling these types of stories at dinner .

And I don't think dinner time is, you know, we're trying to eat a nice dinner of a hamburger.

Do you know what happened in your day?

And I don't want to hear those kinds of stories.

What kind of stories do you hear?

All right, guys.

Well, we have to take another break.

And I'm sorry about Todd's intrusion.

I'm not sorry.

But let's take another break.

When we come back, more Phillips Seymour Hoffman, more Nick Thune.

And I'm going to try it out.

No, I don't think so.

We're going to try to just blend Todd.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here with Phillips Seymour Hoffman Academy Award nominated.

Nick Thune.

Let's start out with Academy Award winner.

Well, we don't know at this point.

Yeah, but I'm an Academy Award winner.

All right.

We'll see.

We will see.

And Nick Thune, you're not going to pretend that you're ever going to.

We're going to win an Academy Award, right?

I don't know.

You still have that hope.

You still think that really?

This year?

Yeah.

This year?

What did you do?

Were you in any motion picture?

I mean, any year.

Were you in any motion picture?

Saying any year is like Blaine Ly, obviously.

You think that you could win an Academy Award.

What would you ever do that you'd win an Academy Award?

Stand up.

Really, you do like you think all of a sudden they'll start doing best stand up film?

Yeah.

Nick, I want you to look me in the eyes.

Now I want you to look a little bit lower at my nose.

You see where my nose is?

I want you to look down on my lips.

Okay.

You see my lips.

You see me talking to you right now.

You see my lips?

Not clear.

Talking through your eyes into your soul.

Was it a movie?

Yeah.

Or was it a picture?

That was a picture?

So the answer is yes to both.

Yes.

Was it part of the motion picture Academy of America?

Yes.

That I'm going to win for.

Was it one of the announced nominees?

Yes.

Now you see you're glancing around.

I want to look at my tongue.

Okay.

You see that tongue?

You feel brilliant.

You think you're going to beat that tongue?

Physically or?

You think you're going to be able to stop this tongue?

If it's coming at me?

Well, we're interacting with you.

If I have to, yeah.

Have you ever smelled the musk of brilliance itself?

Is it smell like old spice?

Uncle Scott, I think he's the car.

Can I have the keys to the car?

Todd.

Oh, really?

One of the world's greatest actors is doing some kind of incomprehensible quiz right now with Philip Seymour Hoffman.

And what was it in the radio?

Yeah.

Thank you.

I'm working on a project that's called Two and a Half Hours of Me Smurking.

That's going to be great.

It is.

I'm all I'm nominating it myself.

Well, guys, it is time Todd just trying to play along.

This is a kind of a part game.

Yeah, this is kind of a party game.

Yeah.

You have to play it right, okay?

Otherwise, there's consequences.

I was play it right.

No, a lot of times you don't.

What did you do with the clay and cranium?

I put it into my ear.

Yeah, that's not funny.

Yes, it was.

That's not funny.

Other people have to use that clay, Todd.

You had to use it.

Do you get purple?

Yeah, I have to use it.

Maybe I'm the only person who likes to play cranium.

And I thought that maybe...

You mean me play.

Maybe when you're staying with me for four months, you could...

You're a psycho.

Clay cranium with your uncle one night.

Clay cranium.

One night until you get it right.

Todd is your mentor.

You should play with him one night.

One night we...

Todd, as your scene partner, you should play it however the fuck you want.

That's not good advice.

All right, but we are going to play a different game here.

Time to play a little something called, fortunately, unfortunately.

♪ Thank you.

Thank you.

All right, it's time to play, fortunately, unfortunately.

Thank you so much.

Thank you.

I don't know what you're thinking.

This is an honor.

Thank you so much.

I thought it was being played off.

Played off the stage.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, I don't think...

I'm just preparing right here at music.

Culture club music.

Be the music that they...

Well, I'm all full nominated for some MTV awards.

Oh, okay.

Well, that maybe.

It's time to play, fortunately, unfortunately, we all know how this is played.

I will start with a sentence and then...

Nick, since you're our guest of honor, what do you want to do?

You want to do clockwise or counterclockwise?

Clockwise.

Clockwise?

Okay, we're not in Australia.

Why would we...

You know, you don't want to go counter.

I will start with a sentence.

We will then go clockwise.

We'll go to Philip Seymour Hoffman.

Oh, Hoffman, so sorry.

How did you...

Who told you my name?

Really? Your real name is Hoffman?

How did you...

How did you hear my fucking name?

Philip Seymour Hoffman.

How did you know my name?

Oh my gosh, breaking it.

My name is my only secret.

Who fucking told you...

Where do you place all your power?

Your true name.

It's actually just sort of a glitch.

Oh.

It's a little error.

Mm-hmm.

In your first movie in M.

I put it in there.

I easily corrected it.

Yeah.

We'll go clockwise.

Starting with me saying a sentence, then Philip Seymour Hoffman, you will say another sentence that starts with the word fortunately.

Then Todd, please play this ring.

I will.

You want to play it right?

Why would I miss it up?

You just keep saying you want to play games.

I've been wanting to play games so long.

So play became right.

Okay, don't embarrass me in front of my friend.

It's bringing me.

All right, so Todd, you'll then start with unfortunately, and you'll say a sentence that connects, and then Nick, you'll start with fortunately, and we'll alternate fortunately and unfortunately.

All right, so we all know how this is played.

All right, here we go.

I will start with a sentence.

I was looking at myself in my little mirror.

Is that a listening?

Okay, well, we'll see how it comes out then.

I look great.

Okay.

All right, here we go.

I'll start with a sentence.

I went to the next door and bought a new computer today.

Well, unfortunately, the new computer.

Let me look into a new site of my fucking soul.

Unfortunately, I couldn't Google pictures of hot dogs to look at all day.

Hot dogs.

But fortunately, I did have a hot dog with me that I could suck on.

Unfortunately, the hot dog was rancid, and before I could suck on it, the smell made me gag and throw up.

But fortunately, when I threw up, I also threw up a vial of poison that had been given to me by the Zars of Russia.

Good.

But unfortunately, I couldn't play video games after that.

It seemed really obsessed with two subjects, hot dogs and video games and parties.

Yes, no.

But fortunately, I was there with my prosthetic penis, and we could just enjoy each other's presence and learn.

Unfortunately, my prosthetic penis wilted and decayed over the next 100 years and was no longer my friend.

But fortunately, as it wilted and decayed, the cycle of life provided in its place a replica of an Oscar statue.

So instead of a prosthetic penis, I now have a fully functioning organic Academy Award statue coming out of my pelvis.

Out of your pelvis.

But unfortunately, it's only eight inches long.

But fortunately, that's above the American average.

You know, so basically, to most people, I'm a king.

Unfortunately, Nick Thune came into the room and shrieked at the side of an eight-inch prosthetic Oscar.

And said, where did you get that?

Unfortunately, I said it's mine.

I have it.

And I pull them down on his knees and I made him's post-art polishing my brilliance and the and the omen thereof.

But unfortunately, nobody was watching.

So nobody believed me when I told him later.

But fortunately, you know, you let a bird go and it comes back.

It's meant to be.

Unfortunately, I never let the bird go and it never came back and it was not meant to be.

And the bird died right there in my Oscar statue.

Unfortunately, that bird was a chicken and I fried it up with bread crumbs and a skillet full of grease.

And I fed myself and some hungry prospectors.

Have you ever fucking done that?

But unfortunately, I got grounded because I didn't eat meat .

Eat chicken.

Yeah.

It's against the rules.

Yeah, unfortunately, I guess if you let a bird go and it comes back, it's actually just a carrier pigeon.

Now you got a cool bird that passes notes.

I think that's a great sense to end on.

That's of course how we play, fortunately, unfortunately.

Yeah.

Unfortunately, unfortunately.

I just want to do a little button on that and say just unfortunately.

Yeah, you never got to say it on for.

I realize now playing with four people.

We were locked into our roles.

Really?

Todd and I were very negative the entire time.

Todd's always negative.

We're not.

You are kind of- You just were when you responded to that.

You know, when I get into a role like that, I understand it's not going to be the complete picture.

Yeah.

What I'm doing is experimenting with the side of my reality that I have access to.

Cool.

Yeah, that was- Good.

So yeah guys, that was fun.

Thanks for playing that.

And Todd, how's it feel to play a party game?

Felt really good.

Yeah.

And I thought I was able to express myself.

Yeah.

Wow.

And your love of hot dogs?

Yeah.

Positive.

I, you know, I should buy some hot dogs if you love them so much.

That sounds all right.

Sounds like you guys are really starting to get along now.

Can I sleep in your bed?

Oh, why do you want to sleep in my bed?

Without you.

I just want to sleep in your bed because it's bigger.

Wait, where do you want me to sleep?

The couch.

Where you put me?

I'm taller than you, Todd.

Oh, God.

I deserve a big, precise zone.

You're a Scot.

What are you doing with this kid?

So Todd has to sleep on the mini couch.

So what?

It's for a baby.

He's growing up.

Let him express himself.

It's not for a baby.

It's- I mean, it is just a chair.

That's why we call him a mini couch.

So it's a couch for a baby, yes.

But- My couch- Todd, I couch served most of my young 20s.

You know, it's cool to be out in the couches.

Cool.

Yeah.

Really?

You seem cool.

Did you ever couch surf down in Hermosa?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

A lot of them.

Cornado.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, cornado.

Yeah.

Before I fractured my bones, I used to do all that couch surfing.

How did you fracture your bones?

Acting too hard.

Oh, that can help.

I always- You know, I would do some projects and I would- You would just cut to me and I would just be in the corner furiously acting.

Which one did you break your- No, I just broke my bones.

I broke all my bones just from it.

Every- In every- Just really emoting.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

You ever just get- You know, you get your teeth into a part like that.

And then you know, you know, even when you stare into a biz.

You know- What's that?

When you stare into a biz.

Yeah, when you're right.

Yeah.

So- Do you think- What happens?

Genius.

Don't start your own applause, please.

Do you think if Chili's had a baby and somebody kidnapped it, do you think they'd want their baby back?

I love Chili's.

Can we go there?

With the- I- First of all- Bob and Bob and Q's off.

Hold on.

First of all- When they want their baby back.

No, we may not go there and- Oh, maybe.

Maybe.

And, uh, go into the act already?

That's not in the act.

That's not in the act really?

No, it's one of my- It's one of my Twitter drafts.

Put that right into the- Outbox.

You think I put that in the outbox?

Yeah, put that in the outbox.

It literally, you know, I'll try it- I want my baby back.

I want my baby back.

Bob and Q's off.

I want my baby back.

I want my fucking baby back.

That's what Chili's gonna be like.

Give me my baby back or I'll blow up the fucking building.

And some Bob and Q's off.

Right?

While you're at it, throw in some ranch.

So, Phil, I- You can call me Phil.

Oh, Phil.

Thanks so much.

I noticed that, um, you had- Can you actually call me Philbert?

Philbert?

Yeah, I did.

You know, I just- Why would I call you Philbert?

Because it just sounds like a blanket.

Okay, Philbert?

Yeah.

Philbert, I know that you want me- Please, that's too formal.

Just call me Phil.

Okay, Phil.

Sure, Phil.

Phil, I noticed that you wanted me to validate two parking things for you.

Can you not do that right into it?

Yeah, you know, I'm just getting hungry.

That's what you do after you eat.

You just- That's not my process, Nick.

Oh.

He did just eat.

That's the thing.

He's getting hungry.

I noticed you wanted me to validate two parking slips for you.

Did you drive two cars here or what?

Uh, well, you know, no.

I- I- What I have is, uh, I- I drove a car, but then I have a trailer with me.

That I have to park.

You know, it's- You had a double park and then you get angry about it, you know.

So, I have a trailer at the- Oh, okay.

I thought you brought someone here with you.

No, yeah, no, I do.

Are you- But he's- I lock him in the trailer.

You locks- You lock someone in the trailer?

What do you mean?

Well, yeah, you know, it's because, you know, I'm an actor and, you know, I'm- You know, sometimes you have people that are your colleagues and you work on stuff together.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

And you just hang out with him?

Tell like, you're- I don't hang out.

I kind of want to have him.

You got Chili's baby locked in there.

You keep him locked in a room by themselves.

It's one's familiar Uncle Scott.

Uh- This is not the time to reflect upon our own situations.

This is the time to listen to Philip and his story.

Who is in the car?

My story is boring.

Is it boring, really?

It's really- No, it's incredibly boring.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

I'm more proud of my boring stories than anything.

Okay.

Have you seen the fucking master?

It is pretty boring.

You're right.

It's- It consists of four shots.

Yeah.

Two of them are profiles of me and Joaquin staring at each other.

Right.

Was he walking?

Uh, we were actually- He's actually walking.

I understand.

Yeah, he- He understands basic puns.

No, I didn't- I wasn't- I was- Oh, that does work.

Oh, you weren't talking about it as a pun.

You actually literally wanted to know if he was walking.

Yeah.

I teach a question.

Why were you interested in that?

Oh, it's just- Doing a pun.

Yeah.

That's what I thought.

Now you're grounded.

Okay.

All you get is grounded beef, and no, you cannot hang out to get- No, do not high-five.

High-five.

Finally.

You're gonna be in separate rooms.

Bring your DS, bring your DS.

I will.

Your DS is not allowed.

Do it.

You're so mean.

So sorry.

Skye, it doesn't sound like- It doesn't sound like you're an actor's director.

You're more of a technical guy.

I'm not really a director at all.

Sounds like when you get on set- Todd, here's two for all.

You're more of a- Oh, no, no, no, no, no.

You're more of a copala or a hitch guy.

What- What just- I got two for all ups.

I already am.

Gah-hat- No.

Give me one.

I had two.

I already eat them.

Give me a four roll up.

I already eat them.

This is strawberry or as a raspberry.

It doesn't matter.

It's another three weeks.

Then pull it out of your fucking esophagus.

Oh boy.

What's- A pan's a pancakey, spready, plummy thing.

And I want it.

Philip, who's in the trailer you were saying?

I have Paul G.

Mottie locked in the trailer.

That's all.

You Paul G.

Mottie locked in the trailer?

I got him locked down there.

He's way down in the parking lot.

Oh, he probably wouldn't come up here then, would he?

I have to go.

Do you want it?

I have him down there just in case I can't do a part.

And I unlock him in it.

Because when people try to cast me first.

Right, and then- And then if I'm unavailable, because I'm working too much- Keep him on hand.

I just have him around.

That's convenient.

Yeah, you know, he's not doing anything else.

Well, he's a friend of the show.

I'd love to say hi to him if he- He's been on the show.

Well, yeah, that's right.

This- We've only been doing this for about a year or so, I guess.

Yeah.

You want me to go get him?

Yeah, go get him.

I'm just a few minutes to run down there.

Okay, sure, sure.

Can you validate this while I go run down and get that?

I guess so, yeah.

No problem.

All right.

Here you go.

Okay, cool.

Yeah, I'll be right by- I'll bring- Good piece of my work.

All right.

Anybody need anything while I'm out?

No, no, no.

Everything!

No, she- Nope, he doesn't need anything.

Yeah.

This is- This is really mean.

What's mean?

You keep calling me a she.

And I feel like- That's part of your punishment.

I need to shame you and your sex and your gender.

That is a- It's a good strategy.

I have a penis.

Oh my gosh.

Okay, sit down.

Just sit- Just sit- Just sit- Just sit- Just sit- Just sit- Just sit- You know, just- Hey, just sit- Just sit down.

We're gonna be- Just sit down.

Oh my god.

Hold on.

You wanna take- You can be quiet first.

Just sit- PANTES!

Just sit!

We just take- I wanna take the- The bandage off his mouth.

You're keeping him bandaged up?

Why are you doing- It's just an acting exercise.

It's just an acting exercise.

Just an acting exercise.

Can I tell him I loved him and duets?

Uh, you know what?

No.

Because we're- We're in the middle of an exercise right now, where if he hears any kind of reinforcement like that, it's really gonna break his- I agree.

And I agree with that type of treatment by the way.

Fuck yourself!

The film!

Alright, we're gonna take this off, okay?

Alright.

Can I borrow that bandage that you're keeping- No, you can't!

God, I'm so fucking tempted with you right now.

I'm so tempted to bandage your mouth.

Alright.

Tempted to take me to a party.

Paul?

What party can I possibly take?

Fuck YouTube.

Touch it.

Take what he says, one ear out the other.

One ear out the other.

That's why we have two ears.

Oh, yeah, I'm a treat.

Argh!

Yeah, well, fucking paradise.

Hey, Paul!

Yeah, I've been beaten and bruised, and here I am.

And a shadow of fucking- But- But- Phillip, she more often again!

You almost forgot my name there, didn't you?

Yeah, you almost did.

Gosh.

Hey, it's great to see you again.

Yeah, well, thanks.

It's nice to be here.

And basically, I feel like I'm tales to a fucking Sonic the Hedgehog here.

Yeah, hey, this is- We actually are working on the Sonic the Hedgehog project.

Who's playing Sonic?

Um, well, I'm playing Sonic.

I'm not fast at all.

Uh huh.

What's- What's Paul playing?

Well, I'm fucking tales, okay?

But the thing is, it only works in two-player mode.

And only in the last half hour of the film is the two- player mode.

Oh, that's unfortunate.

When I happen- Look, we are saving you for the best part, Paul.

Oh, yeah, you want to steal all- Shut the fuck up!

What happens when I play Sonic the Hedgehog, is I do it at my pace.

I don't go fast at all.

I when I collect the shiny coins, each moment I collect a coin, I have a brilliant acting moment.

I get a coin and I go bling, bold-bulling.

You see that?

Bulling!

And then I go up- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

You're taking a- Fuck the shit out of your god!

And I go- What?

Fuck the shit out of your god.

I would- Sounds like something worthy of a punishment, because every time I say anything like that, I get punished .

When I go up the loopy loops, when I go up the loopy loops, we had to cheat- You're suggesting that Philip Punish, Paul Giamatti?

It'll punish him.

What?

Punish him.

He's- He knows better than to challenge me.

You could take some lessons.

I have him on a leash and his hands are bound.

There's no possible way.

That's right!

Yeah!

I'm a- I'm a fucking pie!

I'm a pile of fucking tape- Bullshit!

I didn't even fucking do anything!

When do we fucking start filming?

Hey, Paul, tell me right now, if you want out of this?

Yes!

Yes! I'm fucking tied up in brooch!

Do you want to go to a party?

Yes! Give me the fucking- Bullshit!

You're gonna- Fucking- Fucking- Fucking- Phil, is this him joking or is he want help?

I want it- You know, he's in character right now.

And I don't- I don't think that- I don't think that it's up to you, Nick, to try to intervene in this kind of thing.

You know what I mean?

I mean, I think every family should sort of just like- It's Sonic- Maybe we have a Sonic- We have a- We have a Sonic in Tails Bond.

I appreciate that.

I feel that's what I have with Todd.

We have- You don't feel that. You don't feel that.

You never told me to do the library once, even though- Why do you want to do it with the library?

You want to get on the internet, don't you?

You want to go online now?

You know!

You want to play Sega?

You're not- You want us to play some fucking Sega?

Well, guess what?

We're ready to do it.

A live-action Sonic the Hedgehog.

Todd is not- Let him go!

Todd doesn't even know what that is, hopefully, because- What if we're- If you do- We have something to talk about, mister, because you're not allowed to play Sega, you're not allowed to play Sonic the Hedgehog.

You're not even allowed to know what it is.

I hope- You know what it is.

You do? Where did you learn what Sonic the Hedgehog is?

Super Nintendo Magazine!

Where- Where are you reading that?

Are you reading my stash of Super Nintendo Magazine?

Big Sega Sega did advertise some games in the Nintendo Magazine.

You're not allowed to go into the basement and read my magazine- But it was a paid advertisement.

I was- Whatever, I was down there.

What were you doing down there?

Snooping?

I was snooping through your laundry!

Snooping through my laundry, what were you looking for?

For something to play with to entertain myself!

That my laundry is not for playing with Todd.

My laundry is for wearing.

Yeah, but you have shirts with cartoons on them.

Well, I'm sorry if you're so star for entertainment, that you have to stare at my shirts that have Woody Woodpe cker on them.

But look, that's my fun shirt.

Alright, that's my Friday shirt.

Okay, and I wear it on Fridays, and it's not for looking at- Whatever.

Other than if you're a pretty girl who happens to be at a restaurant that I'm at and who happens to see the shirt- You're always trying to get girls that way!

Well, I'm sorry, Todd, but it's a fun shirt, and girls tend to respond to it.

You know, when they took on the part of Sonic the Hedgehog, at first they said there's no way I'm gonna run fast.

They don't do it.

Well, you don't do when you play the game either.

Yeah, that's right, and I said I'm gonna play Sonic the Hedgehog the way I would play it if I was a player, sitting lazy, moving around a little bit .

Todd's mouth is salivating right now.

I wanna do all of that.

Here's what you want to play the game.

Oh, play the game I want to be you in the game like you are .

Alright, I'm gonna be Sonic for you, and you use your thumbs to do a bullshit of up and down and bullshit.

No, I fucking make it happen.

Put your hands behind your back.

Oh, you know what you want.

Hold your eyes and put your hands behind your back.

Oh, Bob, don't!

Oh, okay, now see I'm walking.

I'm dragging Paul behind me.

Make him run, Todd.

Make him run.

Push him, push him, push him.

I don't feel fat.

Oh, Scott, you can't control me.

I'm going up a loop, but you know what?

We have to CGI the rest of this, because when I get up halfway up the loop, I'm not fast enough.

Goddamnit, Todd, stop pressing those buttons.

No, I'm controlling you.

Ow!

My mind, my mind, my mind!

What are you doing, Paul?

I'm jumping on you.

Stop.

I'm jumping on you like Sonic.

Because I'm a fucking genius.

I'm trying to refrain from that.

You just jumped on my shoulders.

You spanked me 12 times.

I know I'm going to sick tales on you.

I don't like this.

I don't like to spank.

Please, please.

Mr. Giovanni, stop biting me.

I just want something to eat!

Todd.

I'm back in the fucking cellar.

I don't like to spank, but sometimes I have to.

Well, that hurt.

It's supposed to hurt, Todd, but more than that, it's supposed to be embarrassing.

What do we say?

You know, spare the rod, spoil the child.

I know I'm a little shiny.

Everyone here is seen a butt.

They're not embarrassed to show me butt to everyone here.

You're embarrassed to have a little red butt, though, aren 't you?

A little red butt from spanking?

Yes, but it's a little red.

Good.

Like, Indian.

You know what?

You're embarrassed to have a little Indian butt?

Todd, that's not appropriate.

I don't find anything wrong with that.

Alright.

Uncle Scott's fine with it.

Todd, if you look- In fact, I'm taking away the last three weeks of punishment .

Yes!

Because you were racist.

My butt's like a little Indian.

Alright, another two weeks gone.

My butt's like a little Indian on fire.

A little red Indian on fire.

Yeah.

Alright, I'm taking away all of your punishment.

Yes!

You know what?

That's making me, I can't help it when you say a little red Indian on fire.

I'm thinking of flipping up this red tail on Paul and just going at it right now.

Is that- Uh, because you know what?

There's no tail like tails.

You spin.

Alright, what are you trying to say you're going to do to pull your butt?

I'm just going to pound them a little bit right here.

Really? You're kind of pork butt?

Yeah.

No.

What are you doing?

Yeah, that's it.

Todd, I want you to look directly at this.

Oh, I'm fucking staring at- So, what's happening?

What's happening?

I want you to look straight out of it.

Don't blink.

He's putting his penis in his jeans pocket.

Don't blink.

This is a very important lesson.

I run fast and I fuck slow.

Stare out of time.

Todd, you blinked.

Goddamn it.

No, no!

Oh, hell!

You're getting a little red butt.

A little red Indian butt, Todd.

I want Cherokee.

This is- I'm a Cherokee.

Oh, I'm a Cherokee.

Interesting situation.

Oh, oh, my asshole.

Oh, my asshole with my dick at an asshole.

Oh, my asshole and I got my big, big, big, big, big, and an asshole.

Mr. J.M.I. are you okay?

I'm a real real real real real real.

Dude, let me take his- Where are you all crazy?

He just fucked me in the fucking ass and you said you're looking!

Well, to be fair, I was spanking Todd.

Be fair, I wasn't watching.

I'm an ice-curve-dominate!

Yeah, well, you know, the winners are the ones that get the fuck.

You're not a winner yet.

I look, I, well, thanks for rubbing it in.

No, I'm talking- No, I was rubbing it out.

That flows.

Oh, interesting.

Seymour.

Look at that.

I look at that.

I shot all the way up his back.

Look at that.

What is that?

That, Todd?

Don't lick that.

That's got it.

I'm hungry!

That's not- No, I'm making cottage- I'm hungry!

No, Todd!

I'm hungry and you said- No.

You said- I know you're not on punishment anymore, but did you- That's not going to fill you up.

Todd?

Did you- There's no calorie.

Teasted rotten.

I know, it's actually pretty good.

Teasted rotten.

Like rotten frozen yogurt.

Todd?

You're not supposed to say that.

You know what?

You taste the chunks.

You see the little chunk, it's not- It's not your fucking pet!

Nick, I'm sorry to subject to you a show where Philip Seymour Hoffman has anal sex with Paul Giamatti while I'm spanking and making my nephew's little butt red.

So you're apologizing- You're apologizing to Nick Thune, but I'm fine.

I'm just supposed to sit here and take it.

Well, Paul, I mean, you're used to this kind of treatment when you're here.

I just- I'm still- I can't even move my fucking arms!

Yeah.

I bent over the goddamn podcast table!

Well, guys, um- Anybody else want to fucking take it?

That's a good idea.

Did anybody else want to take a turn?

I'll do it.

Yeah, when I- Come on in.

It's the same to break it.

Come on, yeah, a little take a shot.

No, he can't go anywhere.

You're gonna make Todd loses virginity to Paul Giamatti.

You might as well.

I never kissed or done anything.

Just try to go soft, okay?

Try to go limp.

Yeah, just- If you go in limp, you know, I can- I'll sing for you.

If you- If you make it nice and easy, I'll sing a song while he goes.

I'm too scared.

I got a pretty good- Pretty good one.

That's fine, too!

I'd love to hear the song, though.

Well, I- Even if- Even if- No, I'm- Oh boy, I shouldn't have offered it now.

Sing him, please.

He's only gonna- He's only gonna sing if- If- If you- Todd, do you have- Gonna- Paul- If you- If somebody else- I- I'm done.

I- I- I use- I juiced.

Anybody wanna- Once the fuck- Paul, you know, he'll sing a song.

Todd, you're not allowed to listen to a song.

By the way.

No, I heard that one song when we played the game and I was so excited.

No, sorry.

I forgot that I played that song.

Oh man.

I loved it.

Does anybody want else one in on this, or can I go ahead and scrape the cum off his bag and make it a swallow?

Oh boy.

I'm gonna pass.

Gonna take a hard pass on that.

I'm fine.

I didn't like it.

Yeah.

All right, well I'm gonna go ahead and do that, man.

Oh great.

Well, here we go.

Shut up, do you hear me?

Oh yeah, you like- There we go.

Yeah, it's flaky.

Are you guys in love?

It's love.

Yeah, this is love.

This is love between two esteemed actors.

Okay.

How about you teaching my nephew the wrong lesson here?

I know, she kinda shish love.

Calorie and it's- It goes with a- It goes with peaches.

Yeah, that's right.

That's right.

Just fucking look it off my finger.

Oh god.

Gosh, I'm gonna- I'm gonna banage it right.

I'm scared.

Uncle Scott, I'm scared.

Look right at this, Todd.

I don't want it.

This is the kind of lifeless and you need.

This is what men are about.

All right.

How did that make you feel, Todd?

Scared, but I hope I'm in love one day.

Yeah, it's a nice feeling.

Right, Nick?

It feels great.

Coming from a married man like Nick.

This is the kind of thing that- What is your boyfriend- I'm raping him.

Oh, I'm raping him.

I'm a crazy grand actor and I just raped him.

Philip, come on.

It's okay.

Oh, fucking rapist.

I'm a fucking rapist.

Come on, Philip.

Fucking 8-0-rapers.

I know, but- Is this too big?

It's only guilt every time you do it.

No, I feel fucking brilliant.

That was fucking brilliant.

Bravo.

That's the- Thank you.

Bravo.

Oh my gosh.

Mood swings.

I want to thank- Up and down.

I want to thank the Academy.

Literally.

No, we're not the Academy.

We're not giving you an award for- I want to thank the- I want to thank the crew.

I want to thank the producers.

Of course, I want to thank my wife.

Wait, when you say the producers, do you mean the movie?

The producers?

I want to thank- I want to thank Zero Mustell and Gene Wilder.

Throw Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick in there.

Uh, sure, I want to thank Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick .

Guys, come over.

It'll be good to see- I'm running at it.

I- I- I want so many people- No, I'm fucked.

No, I'm- Yeah, oh, there's so many- So many- So many- I forgot, I'm so sorry, I forgot- Thank Paul, thank Paul.

Thank Paul.

No time?

Nah, uh- Is it time yet?

I think I'm gonna feel like I'm gonna be played off you.

Nope.

No music.

I don't know!

Thank Paul, you have plenty of time.

No, you know what?

You know, most of all, I'd like to thank all the people who taught me as role models- How to sexual- No, growing up.

How to have sexual relations in a way that could really bring out the sadism when I'm in character.

Yeah.

No, no, no, no.

No, no, too bad.

Thanks.

See you tonight.

You know what?

I hear music.

I hear music and I'm gonna play myself off.

Thank you.

Wow.

All right, well, interesting show, guys.

Mm-hmm.

Oh, that was fucking brilliant.

Yeah.

Well, guys, there's only one- Oh, you know, we did near a song.

Yeah, there's only one thing left to do.

Wait, when you hear- I mean, we- We- We- I'm gonna play you off here with a song and it's a little something that we call plugs.

It's time for plugs, my friend.

It's your favorite part of the show.

We shot your mouth and crank the goddamn sound.

No.

Cause here we fucking go with projects.

Are you involved with this one?

It's the next episode of your fucking show.

Do not gobble your words, my friend.

I really wanna know.

No, thank God it's time for plugs, my friends.

It's the very best part of the show.

Crank the sound and shut your goddamn tracks.

Cause here we go, definitely, by now, now, now.

But then we'll plug it in town.

Now let's go to plugs town.

This is an appropriate time to plug him up.

He's leaking a little bit.

Yeah, if you could- That's- If you could start with him, that would be great.

All right, guys, by the way, thanks to- Tch.

Cheeseburger Eddie.

Cheeseburger Eddie made that for us with plugs.

It is.

That's the title of that song.

Cheeseburger Eddie, thank you so much.

If you have a plugs theme, head on over to yourwolf.com to the comedy bang bang message for it.

Just post that in the appropriate thread.

And you could be famous for a week.

Thanks, Cheeseburger Eddie.

And what do we got, Nick?

How- What do you have to plug?

Where can people find your comedy?

I'm just gonna go website.

Yeah?

Got a website?

Got a website, yeah.

Yeah.

I own it, it's all mine.

Cool.

And you own the actual domain name or the entire site?

The full site.

Full site.

All the content on it.

Great.

Everything.

Mm-hmm.

Great.

How many pages?

One- and actually I have it set up to when people check the website and then own their website.

They can own their own website through- No, I own theirs through their- You own theirs.

Checking mine.

Oh gosh.

How many pages on your website?

Six.

Six good pages, really?

Lot of info on it?

Yeah.

Some videos, some shows, an about section, just about me.

Really?

What could people find out about you?

My lens prescription for my contacts, which is in the contact information.

Okay.

And just my background.

Great.

All right.

And what is the- Should we talk about the title of that?

Or we may be running at a time.

The title of my website, Nick Thune.

Oh.

Yeah.

Okay.

Got it in on the wire.

Yeah.

Nice.

Right there towards the end.

On Twitter?

On Twitter at Nick Thune.

Oh, Instagram, that was more important to me these days.

Oh, okay.

Great.

What's your Instagram?

At Nick Thune.

Yeah.

It's all linked up.

I'm the only Nick Thune.

Really?

Name that Thune.

Nick.

And that Thune.

Except there is some idiot that is Nick, Nick Thune, not some other guy.

Is there a Nick Seymour Thune?

No.

Yeah.

I figured it would be.

Cool.

All right.

Philip Seymour Hoffman, obviously the Oscars.

Coming up.

Good luck to you.

So yeah, I want to thank everybody for the win.

You haven't won yet.

I, you know what?

I've won enough times that I know when it's coming.

Yeah.

I always know when I'm coming.

You haven't won ever.

All right.

And oh wait, have you won?

No, yeah, I've won all of them.

Oh, okay.

I'll have won all the Oscars since I've been active in 1995 .

Oh, yeah.

But yeah, I have an upcoming project.

You wouldn't be doing a two-man show.

Oh, cool.

It's going to be in, it was going to be debuting in New York.

It's a classical Greek reimagining of James Bond.

It's called Edipussy.

Cool.

It's me.

Do you give us any details at all about that?

Well, yeah.

I'm, I'm, it's just the title.

Speak for a second.

It's going to be me and Paul here in, in Togas.

And I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to fuck it one stage.

Cool.

So we actually got a little preview of the show.

Yeah.

Yeah, you're in previews right now.

You're, we're working on out.

I'm, I'm, let me take a bow.

I mean, he's always taking them back.

I just realized him that whole sexing was just to promote the stamp show.

Oh, really?

Well, you know what?

I'm an artist, but I also have to make a living.

So I understand.

That was a natural thing.

And you want to see something?

Let me just, we're out of character now.

I want, I want my baby back, baby back.

Baby back, baby back, baby back, fucking raps.

Yeah.

And that barbecue sauce.

Um, so, edipacy.

And at the end of the play, I gouge Paul's eyes out.

Oh, cool.

So one performance only?

Uh, no, he, he keeps stabbing him.

Over and over again with fake knives.

But it does eye damage because it's sharp enough.

Right.

Oh, so sorry to hear that.

You know the retractable knives.

Yeah.

Todd, what do you have to, to plug anything?

Oh, me.

I have one thing on my favorite website.

Favorite website.

How are you getting on websites, Todd?

I'm not telling you, but I just have one that I would love to look at.

What is it, Todd?

It's twitter.com slash Disney.

It's my favorite site.

Why don't you just go to the Disney site, Todd?

It's that a Twitter.

They have good tweets.

Uh, all right.

Uh, I just want to plug a, come out and see us at South by Southwest.

Um, doing a bunch of shows out there.

I'm doing one at the IFC house and also doing a live version of this, the podcast and some other stuff.

So check out south by Southwest.com or S S X, uh, S W dot com, I think is what it is.

Okay, so let's close up the old plug bag.

Uh, let's hear it.

The closing up plug.

Yeah.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

The closing up.

Wow.

Thank God.

All those tweets almost wait.

What am I saying?

Oh boy.

Thank God.

Almost all those plugs almost got out.

Oh boy.

All right.

So, uh, guys, that's it.

So we're just about done.

I just, uh, thank you so much, Nick, for being on the show.

Thanks for having me.

And Philip Seymour Hopin.

Always a great pleasure to- Well, thank you.

Thank you.

It's all everybody in the Academy.

Paul, no, please don't think of the Academy.

Paul, thank you.

It's always nice to see you.

He's- we want to think, Zach.

He- we want to think, Zach.

Yeah, yeah.

He thinks that the merger is a good thing.

And Todd, um, uh, we're on our way home.

Uh, home, your home.

For dinner.

And I just want to make sure did you defrost?

The grounded beef?

I've been here all day.

Todd, I picked you up before the show.

Oh my god.

Three hours before dinner.

I just thought rid of all my punishments, and now I'm back to being punished.

I'm sorry.

You're back to grounded beef tonight.

You're rotten.

No, the- the grounded beef is rotten.

Are you- are these guys my friends now?

I don't know.

Are you- I'm as mentor.

I mean, I'm gonna beef your form.

Can I have your number?

I'm not your friend.

But my character is.

Cool.

Well, you got one friend and one fake friend.

It's like I'm in a movie.

No parties though, sorry.

Uh-oh.

Art is more real.

The reality.

Great.

Alright guys, well thanks so much.

Uh, we'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye-bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

The World Dead.

Earwolf Radio Boom.com.

The World Dead.
