---
layout: page
title: 203
category: cbb 
---

Two immense stars from the world of music are on the show today.

That's right, weird Al Yankovic is our guest in the studio, as well as Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

They are both in the same room at the same time, along with me.

All of that and more on today's...

♪♪ If a tree falls in a forest and no one is there to hear it, will all states still cover the damage to my house?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ahhh, good catchphrase from...

Oh, who's this from?

Malcolm McDowell says meow.

Even better screen name than the catchphrase I might say.

Screen name better than the catchphrase.

Ha ha, the classic connoisseur.

What a serve!

There's a bit of catching freeze!

We all know who that is, by the way.

Welcome to the show, Comedy Bang Bang.

That was a catchphrase.

You know, if you have one, you know what to do.

And I'm Scott Ocovin, and you know that melodious, malefulous?

Is that a word?

Malefluous, please.

If you must borrow a language, you're probably too tried, but I was still that's correct, yeah.

And that's what we're really doing.

We're just borrowing the king's speech...

Correct.

...from the English.

It's correct.

No, not the king's speech.

The king's English, no.

That's right.

I borrowed the king's speech from my friend, Jim.

Yes, where are you going to return it?

Has he been talking to you about this?

He's measured a few things.

Very passive aggressive.

Why is he talking to you?

I didn't even know you were trying to triangle it.

Just do it.

Oh, okay.

Well, he needs to get to one another.

You must be going crazy right now.

I'm going simply bad.

I'm out of my topping hat.

Thank you so much for bringing your topping hat, by the way .

Of course.

I'm a gentleman.

We all know who this is.

Everyone knows who this is.

Friend of the show.

I see.

In your job, it collude you with.

Friend of the show.

I'm a friend of the show.

I got a talk to Gary Marshall about maybe a sitcom called Friend of.

Oh, please do talk to him.

Really?

Do you have something against him?

He's just frightful.

He is, isn't he?

So loud.

He's so very loud.

Constantly hollering, screaming, yelling, bellowing.

Just like Gil bellows as well.

Yes, the charming actual.

Yes, from the shorting redemption.

Yes, and Gillian bellows as well.

And, but we all know who this is.

This is of course Andrew or Weber.

We all know who I am.

Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, the composer of such Broadway musicals as.

Can't Jesus Christ superstar?

Joseph in the amazing teh, Nicole dream good.

Starlight express.

Express.

I believe is pronounced.

I think.

Starlight.

Oh, did I be spruced?

Yes, of course.

Starlight express.

Roller skates.

Roller skate train.

Remember, Dear Scotric, one of those people in their tight- fitting dance skills.

Dond their roller blades and wrist life in limb to bring life to a musical that no one remembers anymore.

I feel like you and I may be the only people who do remember it.

It was the turn off the dark before the turn off the dark.

That's right.

Was anyone injured?

I don't remember.

Everyone.

Every single person, every single night.

Check the Gidders book.

Yes, we hold the record for most injuries in a broad way play.

Oh, gosh.

You know, I can't afford the book, but I've always wanted it to be online.

Why is it so prohibitively expensive?

Why is it only for people like me?

Why is it for the 1%?

Guinness, change your business model.

They also have a record for the most exclusive book.

That's right.

Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, and really, whoever, you're here.

I'm here.

You are, as I said, friend of the show and you are back and we haven't seen you in quite a few months.

No, it's been quite a while.

It's been quite a while.

It's been what's that?

I don't know.

Have you thought, by the way, about doing some sort of new musical based on the music of the Bear Naked Ladies?

It's all I think about.

Then why don't you know the song one week?

It's soon.

What is that?

See that one of their songs?

That is what their most popular song.

The Devil You Say.

They're one number one hit.

How does it go?

It's been.

Surely you know it.

It's been a short, brief number.

Well, that's why I went to number one.

People could listen to it over and over again.

Ooh, indeed.

And so it got, yeah, exactly.

Not like that American pie.

Oh, God.

Or Lido by Ballscags.

Or a stairway to heaven.

Hmm.

Don't know that one either, really?

By Led Zeppelin.

Yes.

Yes, of course.

What do you call it?

Stairway to heaven.

Oh, I see.

I see.

There's some sort of disconnect here.

Am I mispronouncing it?

Stairway to heaven.

Yes.

Because there was no music also called Stairway away from heaven.

Oh, well, did that go?

I remember that.

It went to something like this.

Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm.

Mmm, mmm, mmm.

Singing, singing, singing.

Singing is fun.

Oh, grand is all upset.

Because, no, you're making it a sort of keyhole.

I'm doing a hillbilly clap.

No, it's not a hillbilly song.

Okay.

Are you familiar with the tradition of British music?

Oh, of course.

Paul McCartney.

It was out of vlog 64 type songs.

Yes, that's somewhat crazy.

It's very inspired by that.

Has he said that in interviews?

I'm sure I've never been able to sit through an entire interview of Paul McCartney.

Oh, lad.

Only a sir.

I hate his speaking voice.

He's speaking voice.

He's a terrible speaking voice.

It's so bad.

One can hear the constant thumbs-uping he's doing as he speaks.

It'll like, ooh.

Oh, the liver puddly an ex.

Oh, my goodness.

Is like something out of Dante's Inferno?

What the English, and we'll get back to the other question we had, but which English accents are pleasant to the ear?

Is it just like one square city block in England, and if you go outside of it, it just gets distorted?

It's not so much located by a particular region.

As it is particular structures.

And I find that the most pleasant speaking tunes tend to reside in, what's the American word for them?

Manjans.

I see.

Castles.

What about a place like Big Ben, if you grew up in Big Ben?

Oh, it's, you sound like a terrible cock day.

Oh, it's too close.

Any time you're near a large bell.

If you have to shout in order to be heard, is that?

If you're bored with the sound of any large bell, your accent just, it's just a teary-ree.

So if you're growing up in a mansion, you're able to speak in lower hushed tones, much like you.

And then if a bell comes along, then you have to be like, oh, the bell!

That's exactly right.

Just a shouting.

You see, if one lives in a castle, one can speak very quietly.

And because of the nature of the stone walls.

And also you have servants who will relay instructions.

If I'm honest, most of it is the servants relaying things that you say to the other side of the room.

Right.

Okay.

If you saw the movie, Bat-Man directed by Tim Burton.

Hmm, let me think about that one.

I know my favorite song is Bat Dance, but I don't know that I've ever seen the movie.

One of the songs.

For which it was written.

By the little prince.

The little prince.

Yes.

Yes, there's a seed in which Bat-Man's alter ego is...

Batting Man, do you mean?

I believe you're talking about The Bad Gentleman.

Ah, yes.

The Bad Gentleman is...

It is a daytime alter ego of Bruce Wayne.

I didn't know that.

He's on a date, a stay at home date with the reporter Vicky Vale.

Vicky Vale.

Vicky Vicky.

That's what that lyric in that song comes from.

Yes indeed.

Vicky Vale.

Okay, God.

The movie, The Bad Gentleman, was inspired by the song Bat Dance.

I see.

So the little prince wrote Batting Dance.

Yes, first.

Antoine Deshalles-Fries, a little prince, wrote the song Batting Dance.

I see.

He's called a motion picture franchise called The Bad Gentleman.

Okay, great.

I'm on board.

Yes.

Thank you.

Welcome aboard.

Thank you so much.

I, Chris, the good ship, conversation, and God bless you at all who sail it.

I'm just going to take a nap in my room for 15 minutes if that's okay before we...

Yes, I'll see you in eight bells.

I'll just kind of put away my luggage and just kind of take a nap.

Just relax.

All right.

Thank you so much.

Make sure you check your room for bedbuds.

Well, really, is that a problem on this ship?

It's a problem on the high seas.

I didn't know that.

No, no.

Not a good bedbug.

You're not familiar.

Not a good bedbug.

Yeah.

This is a problem.

I haven't heard of these at all.

Maritime bedbuds have been a scourge upon sailors dating back to Sinbad.

And what would they do?

They would swim out from the shore and jump onto ships.

That's right.

And then, that's right.

Because they knew that the beds were more comfortable.

There's a certain type of bedbug that's very adventurous.

It just counts.

They still can't be kept in a cage.

Can't be kept in a cage.

Needs to be out there on the wide open seas.

He feels as if there's something greater than himself out there.

Sure.

And he's going to see it.

And there'll be no talking about him.

Oh, many a bedbug mother will weep on land, watching her son swim out to a boat to make people itch on the sea.

Too bad they have to live in the beds because beds are usually in a room.

They can't be out, you know, with nothing above them.

They can't be tree bugs.

Ah, but it's right there in the name.

That's the problem.

Yes.

Do you feel that if you're a bedbug, it's nature versus nurture?

I think, you know what?

I think there's an interesting children's book idea that you and I should write.

And maybe our guest, whom we'll get to very soon, he's a children's book author himself.

How do you insist on having these guests?

You just want to talk to you and me one of these days?

Well, you're close to what I'd like to do.

So you would just like to talk.

Well, all right.

But I think there's a children's book in here about the bed bug who didn't want to stay in the bed.

You know, like the adventurous bedbug who couldn't be confined to a bed.

He wanted to, you know...

Watch how this bedbugs name be.

Ah, I think that his name...

Yeah, yeah, out of three.

Sure.

We'll both say what...

Let's countdown from five to one.

Okay.

We should blurt out the name that we both agree upon.

Okay.

So it'll be the name of this eventual countdown.

So we'll countdown five, four, three, nose, one.

Yes.

And then we'll say the three.

Okay, great.

Five, four, three, nose, one...

Pajimini!

I said hegemony.

You said Barnaby?

Yes.

Why did you think that we would say the same name?

I'm now realizing that there would be practically no chance of that.

The Scotland thing, don't you realize children's literature circles?

Eliseration is very important.

Ah, what was I thinking?

And of course, if his name has to start with a B, it's going to be Barnaby, because there's a B at the beginning and a B at the end.

Indeed.

Barnaby.

No, he's not a B.

Yes, but his name starts with a B and ends with a B.

Barnaby starts with a B and then Barnaby.

Who told us that?

His Christian name.

And beg your mistake.

He is a Christian.

Okay.

His Christian name is a Catholic.

Aren't you Catholic?

What?

The very idea.

Church of England, dear boy.

Oh, so sorry.

Please.

You've eaten.

To the day I die.

When do you think that'll be?

I know we'll get back to the Barnaby.

I wish I didn't know.

You do know?

Have you been talking to Cake Boss or what?

Never mind.

Of course, of course I know who the Cake Boss is.

Most of all cakes are you joshing with me.

Okay.

I'm jesting with you in a way.

Do you know?

Idi, Idi, Idi, Idi, Idi, Idi, Idi, Idi, Idi, Idi.

Do we have a history of court jesters?

Yes.

They are the only ones forbidden to mock the royalty.

Yes.

And they did this in this realm, I suppose.

You are the royalty, as much as it pains me to say so.

And may I...

Humbly, sir.

That's your court jester.

Thank you so much.

You will act with idiots.

Oh, well, I love your history.

I love your history.

You're not sick, yes, sir.

All right.

That's what they did.

So, so Barnaby is a Christian.

Barnaby is a Christian.

Barnaby is a Christian bedbug.

Yes.

Okay.

So, his Christian name is Barnaby.

His surname or second name is bedbug.

Is bedbug.

It's also what he is?

Well, this is...

This is the tradition of names, isn't it?

Barnaby, the bee, bedbug.

If you were a miller, a brewer, a taxider, these are all common last names that people have these days.

A yank of Vic.

He was a vicar of yanks.

He was an American.

Yes.

An American clergyman.

Yes, of course.

Yes.

And of course, it becomes corrupted over time as it travels from England as the yank of x did when they were vicar yanks and then they make their way to the new world.

And then it becomes corrupted and people to say yank of Vic and then people...

The names are corrupted and call him...

And name corruption.

...and call him...

...a bitch, which is a huge problem.

Yes.

Oh, extreme.

When people put extraneous ates in names, I'm not a fan.

Oh, no, no.

We're talking with handrew Lloyd Webber.

Now you've done it!

And we...

Speaking of yank of Vic, why don't we get to our guest?

Yes, let's leave all of those threads dangling.

What threads are we leaving?

What are we leaving dang?

That's for the listener to be frustrated by.

Yes.

Do they really need closure on this bedbug thing?

You'd be surprised.

I did want to hear you shout because I was wondering if your voice would turn into a cockney if you ever shouted.

Oh, yeah.

I wonder if it would.

That's terrifying.

When we play act here and you shout something out, like pretend that we're across a parking lot.

Yes, yes, please.

Do give me a scenario in which it would be necessary to shout.

Now understand, I'm very rich.

Right.

And I'm a lord of the British Empire.

So shouting for me is very extreme.

So let me just think of something.

Okay, so we're out on the street.

We're in a parking lot.

And I can see you across the way of the parking lot.

Yes.

Is this some sort of post-apocalyptic dystopia?

Why are we out on the street?

Okay, okay, I'm sorry.

We're in a mansion.

Yes, go on.

Okay.

And your man-servant has taken ill.

My butler, my valet.

Both of them.

This is a post-apocalyptic dystopia.

An outbreak of the chickening pox.

And close your chickens.

A pox on you.

You got them.

That's how you get them.

That's true.

You know, we are across the dining table from each other.

Yes.

You are at the head.

Like the bed schedule.

Yes.

You are at the head.

I'm at the foot.

Much like the batting gentleman.

A thread.

Of course.

Let's wrap this up.

I am Vicki Vail.

Yes, indeed.

You are the bed gentle.

But like the bed gentle bit.

Yes, of course.

I'm excited.

We're across a table from you.

And I say past the salt.

I haven't seen the movie, but I'm imagining that's what it is.

Yeah, well, it's a sort of thing that if you don't have a full-time kitchen staff, you may end up having to season your own food.

Yes.

Some people do it.

I personally don't subscribe to this method.

I think people trying to, they think it's charming to season your own food.

Yes.

It's very, very common.

And now we are across the table from each other.

And I say past the salt and you can't hear me.

Yes.

Let's see if you would shout.

Okay.

Alright.

I'm sorry.

Do speak up.

I'm sorry.

I cannot hear you.

Could you hear me?

No, I can't hear you.

Speak up.

I'm sorry.

Could you, could you say?

Make your request a little louder, please.

Ah, stop, stop.

Just on the edge of my earring, I've never raised my voice quite this high before.

I'm short in territory.

Yes, stop.

I can't hear you.

Ah, stop, stop, stop.

Speak up, love.

Whoa.

Oh, no.

Oh, my gosh.

That was terrible.

Oh, I didn't.

Oof.

Heavens.

Oh.

That was like, uh, a lot is a doodle little.

I don't care.

I don't care for that at all.

No, please.

Let's keep your voice down at all times.

Like I became a Mr. Hyde.

Have I done a Jekyll and Hyde musical?

Someone's done it.

You should do one though.

You should have done it.

I believe it's happening right now, but I didn't do it.

It's it.

It is out there.

I know Sebastian.

Oh, wow.

There.

Who dares?

I can't come up with the Jekyll and Hyde musical before Android WebR.

Are there musicals and we'll get to our guest in a second, but are there musicals that you want to get to that you've never gotten to?

We've talked about the Bear Naked Ladies one.

Certainly Jack and the Beanstalk.

Oh, yes, of course.

So many songs while he's climbing up that Beanstalk.

It took him about three days, I believe, to climb all the way up.

He could sing probably 50 songs in that span of time.

Absolutely.

It's a very tall Beanstalk.

Yeah.

It's a stalk of beans.

Of course.

Sure.

Let's see what else.

MASH.

Yeah, so what did you make a MASH musical?

MASH.

Hawkeye, BJ, Trapper John.

I'd have both the first season cast and the latest season cast as well.

All of them in just one big melting pot there.

Both Colonel Henry Blake and Sherman T Potter.

But wasn't Sherman T Potter the replacement for her for Blade?

Not the deceased Colonel Henry Blake who was shot down over the Sea of Japan.

Sure.

His ghost would haunt Colonel Potter.

You can never replace me.

You're placing your hand up against your face like it's the Phantom.

No, please.

I'm Henry Blake.

You can't just put the Phantom mask into every musical.

I can't.

Please put it.

Take it away from your face.

Please be Sherman T Potter.

Now I'm sort of on board actually.

Happy birthday.

Oh, those spinsters.

We have to pay them.

Those Miesleon Crohn's Mildred and Patty Hill.

Ah, I wish you wouldn't sing copy written songs.

I do apologize.

All right, we have to take a break before we get to our guests.

So sorry about that.

But he's in the green room, anxiously awaiting to come out.

We must take a break if that's OK.

I'll allow it.

All right.

Do you have any sort of jesterish kind of thing to say to me before we go to a break?

Yes.

You look at if you have that acromagaly disease.

Off with his hand!

Wait, are the gels done?

Oh, so sorry.

So sorry.

It was cool.

All right, let's take a break.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang.

And we have our main guest, Weird Al Yankovic, coming up right after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

One must be a sir before one becomes a lord.

Well, we won't get into that.

No heavens, no.

We have to get to our guests have to get to.

It is a privilege to.

You're semi-armulgated at this point.

I don't know.

I could just keep talking to Andrew Lloyd.

It just makes you watch.

I can go back in the green room.

It's OK.

Weird Al Yankovic is here.

One of our favorite guests of all time.

Thank you, Scott.

Oh, please.

A round of applause.

Please sit down.

Sir.

Weird, Alan Yankovic.

That was so nice of you to stand.

Yes.

Here's American royalty as well.

Do you hold as some sort of a royalty title?

I am, you know, the vicar of Yanks back in the old country.

That's true.

So we have confirmation on it.

I know you weren't listening.

Are we talking about that earlier?

Yeah, we were like, yeah.

OK.

Al, thank you so much for being here.

I have to guess is your fifth appearance on the show?

Let's go with fifth.

And you were on the TV show.

The last time we saw each other, you were on the TV show last season.

The season finale.

Is that the last season?

I thought there'd be another one.

Well, of course, yeah, we're coming up on...

So it's not really the last season, is it?

I believe...

OK.

It could be the penultimate season.

We don't know.

Very well might be.

Vicar, he has trouble with the...

English language.

What he means to say is previous season.

Now it would make sense.

Thank you.

You guys seem to speak the same language.

Well, yes.

Countrymen after a version.

That's right.

So what year did your family come over here?

Oh, gosh.

It was in the late 13th century, I think.

Oh, my gosh.

On some sort of Mayflower type shit?

On a raft, on a small raft.

On a small raft.

Yes.

All the way from England.

It was an accident, I understand.

It wasn't intended.

It was a very small, fairly accident.

You're just kind of meant to go out in a pond or something.

It was a three hour tour.

And yeah, they wound up coming to America centuries before it was, you know...

Steve at Trucks of Hawaiian troops.

They brought them right over, yes.

Really?

So these are family heirlooms.

Yeah, they float.

You know, Hawaiian shirts, of course, is a bit of it.

Not many people know that.

There's a one piece of clothing that floats.

That's why I always wear Hawaiian shirts on an airplane because if we go down, you don't have time to reach for the life jacket.

I'm good.

So you only wear them on an airplane?

Pretty much only on airplanes.

You're about to catch a flight?

Yes.

Right after this podcast, I'm out the door.

I see.

Out to LAX.

I see.

Boy, a traveling guy.

Yeah.

Always on the move.

Yes.

Al, what have you been up to?

We haven't heard you on the podcast for a personal pleasure .

It's not.

It is, but I'm going to go there.

Oh.

What have I been up to?

Oh, gosh.

I'm working on the new album.

I'm going on the road.

Yes.

I'm playing Bonnaroo this year.

That's going to be fun.

Oh, so fun.

Now, Bonnaroo, I've heard of this.

This is where a bunch of people, they stand around in the out of doors.

The Bonnaroo Vians are talking about.

They're indulging in alcohol and drugs.

And they have a contest to see who can smell the most.

Who can smell the most?

What sounds do you mean that in?

Who can give off the most?

The most pungent oodle I see.

Oh, because I'm really good at actually smelling the most in terms of like guessing people's odors and what they had for lunch per half.

Wow.

Is that a skill?

Or is that something that is thrust upon you?

No, that was part of my DNA.

That was something that's been part of my family since the 13th century, pretty much.

So when they got on this raft, they were led by their smells to America, really?

In a way, because they sensed a new land out there, a land of opportunity.

They smelled it and they followed that scent.

Wow.

That's interesting.

Follow your nose, always go to vise.

It always knows.

True.

Always.

Not always.

Always.

Oh, so.

That's too candologic.

Okay.

It's not always valid.

And we all know too.

Two cans.

Three of those make a six pack.

So, now what I want to know though, Al, is you're doing Bon naroo and you have a new album and you, when does the album come out?

You know, it's on the calendar.

I can't be held to this, but sometime in the next 30 years.

Okay.

Sometimes it's the last album on my contract.

It's the standard three decade deal.

Yes, the three decade deal.

If, you know, by the time I'm 83, it hasn't come out yet.

The record company is going to ask everybody to.

Yes, I see.

And this is the last of your contract with Sony.

Sony.

Yes.

Oh, Sony.

Such a difficult studio to get to in the middle of the day.

It is.

Have you talked to them about that?

Yes, the traffic is just too heavy on Pico.

So I have there in Century City, the furthest point from anywhere on Earth in the middle of the day.

What is this?

The Saturday Night Live sketch, the Californians.

You're big fan of it.

If you turn left, if you turn around on Los Sienna go though.

We're down.

On the way to the phone.

What are you doing here?

Doable sketch.

Just bring it up to them.

That's all I ask.

I will.

Okay.

Thank you so much.

Do you think you're going to renew your contract?

I'm guessing not.

I've been under a record contract since 1982.

That might be nice to breathe the fresh air for a while.

That's amazing.

A question if you're permitted, Viga.

Do you do your own contractual negotiations?

Pretty much.

Yeah, we put the contract.

We tape it on the wall.

And we throw darts and figure out what parts we want to negotiate.

It's all very subjective and by chance.

It's like a roulette wheel.

I don't think it's by chance.

I think it's by divine intervention.

I think God guides those darts to where you think so.

I do.

I truly believe that.

Several schools have thought there.

This may seem like a trivial question, but what type of tape do you use?

Do you use Scott's tape?

The Scott's tape.

Yes.

Not masking tape.

Certainly not.

Take the fandom mask down.

No.

If you use half of the room.

Half a masking tape.

I think the fandom is not half a role.

I think it is one of the greatest roles in the history of the theater.

How many of the Scottish youth died?

Ah, thank you so much.

So it is amazing if you'll permit me to swallow in the middle of that question.

Please, please.

It is amazing.

31 years under contract with the same.

Dangerous servitude.

Remember when Prince, the little Prince, he wrote slave all over his face?

He never felt like doing that.

That lasted a week, didn't it?

He did ash from the tiny volcano.

Remember how he changed his name to get out of his record contract?

I'm changing my name to an odor because I feel like since that's part of our family's lineage skills, I feel like that would be appropriate.

So what kind of odor would you be?

It's going to be a slightly lavenderish, slightly basil.

So a little mix of the two.

So if you ever smell that, then just, I'm referring to my finger.

Your records are around.

Allow, Scott, what sort of odor would you be if you were an odor?

Gosh, I mean, there's so many great odors out there in the world.

There's fresh baked bread.

It's a good one.

You know, I don't know that I could necessarily own that.

Like, Prince owned that symbol.

I don't think that symbol existed before the little Prince actually...

No, he created it.

He created it.

So I feel like we would have to create sense in order to...

Well, much like the vicar has done just now.

Yeah.

With the basil and the lavender.

I believe it would be a lot like creating my own perfume where I just, you know, pour a little bit of this in.

Pour a little bit of this in.

Ode Scott.

Yes, odor Scott.

And just pour a bunch of stuff into it and then, you know, create something new, you know?

Like all the perfumes are all different, aren't they?

All of them, like snowflakes.

Yeah.

No two perfumes are like...

What if a perfume smelled like a snowflake?

That's right!

Because ice technically is odorless, but like a dirty snowflake.

You know what I mean?

Very subtle.

And a little bit of a sudden slash.

Essence of snowflake.

Yes.

That's what I would change.

What about you?

Would you call your scent dirty snowflake?

Oh, I would.

Ooh.

And say what...

That's my online name.

How did you...

Oh, I've chatted with you.

That's my words with friends code.

Dirty snowflake 27.

We should play words with friends, by the way.

I played with someone for a while and she got...

I don't know.

I don't want to go in there.

Oh.

It's not fascinating.

Is it that Gillian Jacobs?

Yeah, Gillian Bellas Jacobs.

You know, I had a game of words with friends going on with her.

You did!

She did!

Her...

Wait, did she keep it going?

She did keep it going.

I tried to quit it a million times.

She kept her again going with you?

She kept...

She said please.

Please don't quit the game anymore.

I'm...

You're the only person I want to play with.

Oh!

These other people I keep having to quit games with them over and over and over.

These foul idiots.

Foul...

What is it because of the words I wouldn't...

Oh!

I feel I've said too much.

Yeah, I believe...

Oh, no!

I never put it together.

Scortric, please do forgive me.

I hope I haven't heard your feelings.

I mean, you haven't heard my feelings.

The situations hurt my feelings.

I don't blame people for relaying them.

From the Jersey Shore.

Hahaha, homonyms.

But Al, 31 years...

Yes!

The history...

Oh, the history!

The Capitol Records building.

I don't know.

Remember that?

I...

Maybe.

The Vichrola.

After the Apocalypse.

78 RPM.

Live or Dead.

Listening to music.

Remember all this stuff?

Remember my first 78 RPM record.

Gosh, so much history.

So...

The fan...

...really breakable.

That's right.

But the music industry in general just has so much history and you're a part of that.

It must feel amazing.

It's so nice to be a footnote in the Rolling Stone music guide.

Dude, no.

You would be at least a mention.

A footnote and a mention.

And then there would be a little number, a footnote next to it to explain who you were.

Dude, you know what?

I've always wanted to get one of those little swords.

Oh!

They have that for you.

Oh yeah.

The thing that makes people look you up is the little tiny sword.

I want to be a sword with the three notches.

So I would be the third time that they would be necessary to have a sword.

I don't want to be an asterisk.

I want to be a sword.

Yes, of course.

You're talking about a sword cubed?

A little sword and then it has like three notches on it as in.

This is the third sword on the page.

I feel as if I haven't seen that one in quite a while.

Yes, yes.

Thank you for that treatment.

Maybe that'll be what I changed my name to.

The sword with the three notches?

Yes!

I would be wreaking havoc with the publishing industry.

I wonder what that would smell like.

What would it wreak of if it were a smell?

Oh, homonyms!

But Al, yes, Scott.

So many hits.

So many!

I can't even count them.

As if they were an infinite number.

How many number one hits have you had?

Number one, gosh, I can't even...

Zero!

Zero number one hits!

Actually, I can count them.

I thought I wouldn't be able to and yet I have.

Not even in the comedy charts.

Oh, on the comedy charts, yeah.

Does that count?

Nah, not really.

No, really.

But in the regular charts, what's the highest you went?

Oh, I've had a couple of top 10s.

I think the last two albums went top 10.

The last two, I mean, that's amazing to have your later records be the most popular records you've ever done.

It's so cool.

I didn't want to be the kind of artist that, like, hits number one's right out of the box.

I wanted to wait 30, 40 years.

Have a slow build, a slow climb, and hit the top of the par abola.

And I think I'm going to peak with my next album.

It's going to be my best album.

And after that, the slow ride down.

Slow to climb as an independent artist.

I have a question for the...

Yes!

Do feel as if your best work is yet to come.

It is!

I'm doing it right now.

I bet.

In this room.

What?

So they're not yet to come.

Which is the present.

Yes.

Now it's the present.

And you're blowing my mind.

Why did I eat that peyote button before coming into the podcast?

Oh my gosh, Mr. Weber.

Or Lord Weber.

I'm not so...

Mr. Webster!

I'm not so high that I can't detect that insult to my station.

How often do you get high?

By the way.

You leave it off an afternoon.

Every afternoon.

Yes.

Shortly after 4pm.

Alan, I know you have younger listeners as well, but how often have you been high, would you say?

I have never.

You've never been high.

I'm looking forward to it.

Not a single drug ever.

I haven't gotten around to it.

You and I have.

Does Flintstones aspirin count?

Mmm.

Because I've had a couple of Barney's and a Betty once.

What about drinking?

Have you ever legitimately been drunk?

Not legitimately no.

It's been very illegitimate.

Legitimate, yes.

Yes.

Was I taken by the council?

I probably shouldn't say this, but on occasion I have had the occasional blueberry daiquiri.

Blueberry daiquiri because you live in Hawaii sometimes.

Yes, sometimes you have to do it.

Sure.

When you drink a blue drink, do you feel as if you're in the future?

I only ordered drinks by caller.

I'm feeling kind of periwinkle today.

Make me something periwinkle.

Now this is what I'm talking about.

This is wealthy person's behavior.

This is how it is.

How weird.

Maybe one day you'll do.

How wealthy are you?

It would blow your mind.

I honestly, you've had so many hit records in an era where having hit records meant you were rich.

I can't imagine having that much money.

I was selling records in the day when people actually bought records.

Yeah.

It's crazy.

I remember I was thinking about this.

Remember the 90s when everyone had just to buy one song they would buy a person's record?

Remember that?

In 1899.

Yes.

And to have a hit song you had to say both the MF word and the N word.

You had to have a sticker on?

Yeah.

Is that MFN?

Yeah.

It's just a crazy time.

But getting back to it, how wealthy?

Well, I don't want to make you jealous, but I have actually two TV sets.

My goodness.

Yeah.

Two separate houses.

In several houses.

How many houses do you own?

Four houses but only two TV sets.

So sometimes the hard part is transporting the TVs to the houses as we need them.

Because it's not a carry on.

You have to check a television.

Yes.

You're really flying on an aeroplane.

I always hit a teleplane.

Do I wish someone would invent one?

Oh my gosh, a teleplane.

How amazing would that be?

Just teleporting.

The most amazing.

You would have to walk into a plane like structure.

Yes, exactly.

That's right.

But then once you sat down.

You'd sit down, buckle up.

Waited for 20 minutes while they closed the doors.

Stupid announcements.

Yeah, just turn off everything.

Yes.

And then boom.

You're teleporting to where you're going.

Wait for people to get yelled at for not turning off the telephones.

Yes, of course.

And then you would have to go through security for a good two hour period.

Absolutely.

And then remove your shoes.

And they would stop hats.

They're topping hats and medals.

They would some medals.

Yeah.

You have to remove your medals.

I never thought about that.

I'm credited.

They asked me to remove my medal when I go through the metal detector.

And what I tried to explain to them is it's not that type of metal.

Yes, it's not a metal detector.

Yes.

It's a metal detector.

Yes, it shouldn't.

It shouldn't.

Metal with you.

Exactly.

Oh, homonyms.

We're doing it.

We are doing it.

Al, what can we expect on the new album?

I know you want to keep it.

You should not expect anything.

What songs?

What can't we expect?

I want you to have extremely low expectations.

I want you to think that it's just going to be a horrible ...

I cannot say.

No, no.

I'll comment at you in a moment.

In fact, don't even expect there to be songs on the next album.

I expect it to be like a Marcel Marceau record.

Just like nothing but silence.

And that way when you put it on and you hear the greatest thing you've ever heard in your life, your mind will be blown.

Oh, what should we not expect?

Oh, it's very important.

It is a real...

It's a real...

Oh, it's very meta.

You shouldn't not expect the soundtrack to your next musical because that will be copyright infringement.

What if you guys work together?

Oh, gosh, I would love that.

Well, we've talked about a Calebo for quite some time.

It's just scheduling is a problem.

Scat, really?

Because there's no one to do it?

He's constantly shuttling his televisions back and forth between all those four houses.

You know, a lot of people will be upset with me working with you because they're still upset about that sacrilegious musical that you did.

We took the Lord's name in vain.

Exactly.

Jesus Christ Superstar.

I wish people would understand it's a problem of punct uation.

That comma was never supposed to be in that.

And for 40 years that comma has resided in that title.

Why?

They said it to be proofread.

Why?

That's the one step that's a word you should do.

Why did they do it?

Cool.

Can you believe it?

Oh, no.

Lord Weber, please.

That plane needed a mask, I think.

That would have saved it.

Can you imagine if an aeroplane had a giant half mask?

Oh my god.

A teleplane.

But if they build a teleplane, they have to have a half mask.

Fly upon me, I'll transport you to how you wish to go.

Starlight Express to teleplane.

It's all actors in plane costumes.

And they're wearing cross country skis.

Yeah.

That's right.

I hate to break it.

This is like my last Southwest flight.

They did the whole thing.

With that costume, it was at everything.

Wow.

It was kind of irritating at the time, but now I see that it's got some potential.

Do you know I find those people on Southwest, the employees ?

They're very fun.

Aren't they?

They've got some of the beauty.

I love the pair of these.

The professional comedians.

Yes.

In my opinion.

Is this that your thing?

I don't know.

Professional comedians.

Tried to be one.

Ugh.

What do you do and gives you money for that?

What about being a gesture though?

It's very similar.

If you're a gesture, you're paid in a first of all, not being executed.

Sure.

That's payment.

You get to live in a castle.

Yes.

It's a bit of a reward in itself.

You're exempt from execution.

You don't have to live in a dirt hut.

You're free to if you like, but who would like?

You get mutton, I would imagine, free mutton.

All the mutton you could eat with your hands, uh, mead.

No utensils though.

No utensils.

I'm the one from Mutton.

You wipe your hands on a passing dog.

They're very handy.

Wait, why they had dogs in the castle?

Why would you want to have a dog on other than that?

Exactly.

I knew they didn't have utensils, but I didn't know they didn't have napkins or any kind of clog.

No, no, no, they would eat with the hands you see and then they would just wipe the greasing dogs on a wiping dog.

What a wiping dog.

Well, uh, we're going to talk to you a little more when we come back.

Why?

Take a break.

Come on.

We do have to take a break.

Let's take another break when we come back.

We'll have more without you.

Time to be the piper.

The bills, the bills.

Do you have the skills to do so?

The piper pays the bills, actually.

These are intermediary in that regard.

Too many steps.

Let's come back.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back with Al Yankovic.

Weirdo.

Do you prefer to be called Weirdo?

I prefer to be called Al Yankovic Sur.

Al Yankovic Sur.

With a comma or something.

Ficker of Yanks.

Al Yankovic comma superstar.

Let's not be sacrilegious.

I got to know, is there one song that you've already released that's going to be on this up?

No!

On the last time around I did this Internet leaks thing.

How did that work out?

Frozen cause.

It got grimy nominated, but by the time my actual album came out, people were saying, oh, we've already heard half this album.

And they didn't buy the album in droves.

So I figured this time, let's not give away half the album beforehand.

I say as a bit of a tease, would you be willing to hum six notes from one of your upcoming songs?

Yes, I will do that.

These are not consecutive notes, but here are the notes.

Oh, even trick up.

How many was that?

Five, I think.

There we go.

I believe one of those notes was the same, just an octave separating.

Well I consider that different notes.

Will you swear to Jesus Christ the superstar himself that those notes will appear?

If those?

I don't swear on the radio.

They have it to a radio?

Does this count?

No.

Oh, my heavens no.

Remember the radio.

That's part of music history.

Remember terrestrial radio.

Terrestrial radio.

Who are those things?

I remember Kevin and Bean.

Do you remember speaking of terrestrial?

Do you remember E.T.

The additional terrestrial?

Oh my goodness.

He was an amazing terrestrial.

Yes, but he was extra.

He was one of the best.

He did additional terrestrial.

All of them.

You get an E.T.

You have to include him even though he's extra because he's just that good at being a terrestrial.

Oh by the way, the extras.

That's where they get drew.

Oh my goodness.

Ron Sexmith by the way, another musician.

He was in here the other day, had never eaten a Reese's piece.

What?

And he'd eaten one right before the show.

Was he freaking out?

I was like, and he was like, are these new?

Did you put him on the track?

I'm trying to do this sort of follow him across the studio.

I'm trying to do his sort of, it sounds to me like country, but I know he's from Canada, but I'm trying to do his sort of unassuming voice, but he was kind of like, oh yeah, these things are pretty good.

Are these new or these Reese's piece?

I'm like from E.T.

The movie E.T.

He was like, oh yeah, I just kind of stayed away from him because I don't like peanut butter, but I'm like, you don't like peanut butter and get peanut butter.

You bought them?

Like his story was just full of contradiction.

Sounds like a madman.

Now you know, his surname, very interesting.

You go back to the old country.

But yeah, to find something that late in life though, that you all of a sudden enjoy, you know what I mean?

I wish, I wish I had something in the way that Ron Sexmith had Reese's pieces.

I wish I could eat my first Reese's piece all over again.

I say, what if we want to undergo hypnotherapy, erase the memory of Reese's pieces and then find them at the store, and we're in a little quarter shop.

I say, what are these?

Are they brand new?

What day is it?

You there boy.

I'm afraid if you were to undergo hypnotherapy, Lord Weber, then all of a sudden Mike the janitor would come around again.

Who's that?

Never mind, never mind.

Is there something out that you have never done?

Yes.

I mean, we talked about drugs.

Do you ever see yourself actually doing it or is it just kind of like, you know, when I did, when I did that analyze fish episode, I don't know if you know about it, but I went to Madison Square Garden and took a bunch of drugs.

I had never done these drugs, but I had never done ecstasy or anything like that.

And I did them.

And there was that fear of just like, I'm an old man.

Is this the way I die?

You know what I mean?

So do you ever see yourself like at one day just going, you know what?

I just, you know, let's try mushrooms.

What are one of these days when I, you know, when I'm in my late 80s, I think when you're out of the public eye, when I'm judging you, I don't want to be a role model.

I don't want to be held up to criticism.

I don't want the TMZ bus driving by and seeing me tripping on LSD.

But yeah, when I'm late 80s, I'm thinking I'm going to try it all.

Do you think it's because, have you not, I mean, I know, I know you had a very strict upbringing like myself.

Do you think it's, it's just, or was it, was it just say no Nancy Reagan?

Did that prevent her or just, well, why do you think that you never experimented with it?

Um, I think my folks probably scared me out of it because they went through the nightly routine of Swiss.

Why you will never do this?

I swear on the Jesus Christ superstar.

I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

I do love ceremonies.

When patterns have a do-do drug ceremony, a nightly ritual, put on the robes in the weeks of office.

I think that everyone makes fun of just say no, then I do.

I know I do.

Constantly.

I think it's kind of dragging out with you.

It should be just say no thank you.

I think, I think, yeah, it's more of a problem than drugs.

Bannos cost nothing.

They gain you old.

But everyone makes fun of it, but I think it actually worked in my case.

You know what I mean?

Nancy saved you from a life of- I think so because I grew up just going, well, smoking is stupid.

Anytime I see people smoking, by the way, I just am like, why is this- I say cracking is whacking.

And whacking is cracking.

Yes.

My dear friend.

Oh, but it is.

It's a perverse is true.

Then I have to get.

Alright, I'll get off this tactic.

I'm just fascinated.

Yeah, I say though, with the Just Say No campaign, which I have mocked mercilessly.

As everyone knows, the subjects of many of my songs.

If not our right text.

That's not what you're saying about Just Say No.

They never- They never- They never- Just Say No.

How could you come up with such a stupid thing to say?

Do they never deal with the idea of follow-up questions?

So the idea being someone says, would you like to try some marijuana cigarettes?

No.

Are you sure?

Just- Okay.

Yes, exactly.

That's how easily it crumbles.

In many cultures, you have to ask three times.

It's not polite to accept the first call.

But of course, yes, of course.

This is the way it is.

In America, they wouldn't know about such things.

No, it's- Would you like some drugs?

No.

Would you like some drugs?

No.

Would you like some drugs?

No.

Would you like some drugs?

Of course.

You would refuse twice on the third time you were sent.

Yes.

Only polite.

What was the first time you've ever taken drugs for Andrew Lording?

I'm so sorry.

Oh, my heavens.

I wish I was on drugs right now.

I thought that you ate that.

So I could black out.

It doesn't have the same effect on me as it used to.

Yeah.

How many years have you been doing that?

I've been doing a peo tear for about, let's see.

You're 80 years old now, I believe.

No.

I beg your pardon.

I'm sorry, I'm just guessing.

What am I?

Get it, Ma Jouru.

Yeah, that's true.

80 years old.

Do you view him as like he's a guy who could have been your father, probably?

Wait.

I'm not- I wish I could say I was that young.

I mean, he was from his family dated back to England from the Marshall clan, the lawmakers.

That's right.

Would be constantly roundy up criminals.

Yes, they were sort of sheriffs.

Yes.

The sheriff of Nottingham, I believe, was a- But I- Well, I- I believe his is a false surname.

Why?

Yes, I believe he changed it himself like a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, ha-ha-ha, ha-ha-ha, ha- ha-ha!

Because he's Jewish, isn't he?

I don't believe so.

I think he's Jewish and says he's Italian.

Ooh hmm!

Much like the font.

You- you see, I- I've heard you speak of this before!

I feel like you're on some sort of crusade!

I just don't like it!

I just don't like your obsession with it!

I just don't like the idea that you should change your very lineage in order to just seem like a tough Italian because Italians weren't vocal.

Because Italians weren't Vogue in the 70s, I just don't like it.

Well, they really- they were!

I mean, Saturday Night Fever, Danny Terrio...

Goin' Bananas with Tony Danza!

You know?

Like all these tough- Danny Divy-2!

All these tough talking Italians, you know, I just- I just don't like the idea of it, you know?

No, I see why- why is that?

I don't know, I think you should be proud of who you are, you know?

I mean, you have the Earl of Yangs over here.

Yeah, Vicar of Yangs, sorry!

What's wrong with your- your Swiss cheese memory?

My referenceometer is off, just a little bit.

Certainly is.

Usually you're like a steel trap with these things.

I am, I am.

I don't remember- I don't remember- Drugs, drugs, yeah.

Yes, I've been taking POT for about four decades.

Four decades!

Yes, what was the first time?

I think- Burning Man?

Probably a Burning Man, my first Burning Man, yes.

How many Burning Man?

I went to the Burning Gentlemen.

I think, for the first time when I was 21 years old- Ah boy.

Then someone offered me POT, of course I did- Was this the festival or was this the- the self-immolation guy?

Oh, this was just a fellow- yes, it was a fellow from the neighborhood.

Ah, yes.

Yeah, it was known that he had drugs to sell.

Yes, so we'd go round to the Burning Gentlemen and we'd say , Oh yeah, are you home in there?

Oh, are you really?

Really?

We're a winning room.

You didn't want him to know of your status because then he would alert the- the papers.

Yes, we could hear him inside saying, I'm burning to death!

Please call the fire brigade!

And you were like, Oh, this is code.

So in case the coffers are about.

Sure.

We don't want to bother you showing up and do race-icles and clapping as in the brig- Not a time-bobby either.

Er, certainly not.

So, er, I'd ask er, I beg a pardon.

Do you have any drugs for sale?

He would of course say no.

I would say, I'll ask you again.

Have you any drugs for purchase?

You can say no.

I certainly do not.

I would say, by the Holy Compact of asking three times, I abjure thee.

Have you drugs for sale?

And he would of course be forced to say, yes, what would you like?

Oh, man.

You were so composed for being on fire too.

That's amazing.

Yeah, well, he was used to it.

He was used to it.

I don't know.

He accidentally set himself a fire.

You think you rush through it or maybe agree on the second time, but no?

A true gentleman.

Well, there's a true gentleman indeed.

A burning gentleman is still a gentleman.

Yes.

What a long, strange trip it's been then.

Oh, yes.

I'm not a dragon.

You ever follow the Grateful Dead around?

No, they followed me around.

What?

Yes.

You don't know the Grateful Dead follow.

He is a follow.

People don't know.

It starts with me.

I'm traveling all over the place.

Sometimes, shuttling televisions from one castle to the next.

The Grateful Dead, they're on my trail.

They're trying to make me try marijuana, which I've never tried.

Oh, good.

It seems like a very common, a common drug.

Yes.

The deadheads that following the Grateful Dead, they have no idea.

They are also following Lord Andrew Lord, whoever.

When's fourth follows?

Where fourth follows the followees?

How so forth follows those who doth follow?

He who doth follow but lead?

They thought they were deadheads, but they were web heads.

Indeed, like Spiderman.

The Spider-Gentlemen.

Turn off the dark.

And who are you following?

Friends.

If you're at the head of this caravan, who are you following?

I follow my mistress and muse, music.

I thought you were talking about Sarah Breitman.

Ever shall I chisly from child to child?

How to tell?

Wait, are you doing the hobbit music?

From a village to a cloud.

What?

Are you doing hobbit music?

I was 48 frames a second.

I could tell.

That was great.

How did you do that?

Do you think we'll ever have 49 frames a second?

I don't think our brains could handle that.

No.

What's Sarah Breitman up to?

Oh, Sarah.

My blood, Sarah.

She's well from what I understand.

We don't speak directly anymore.

Don't you have children together?

We do.

We relay messages through them.

That's not the way to act as a parent.

Well, you ought to say the children are all their fifties.

Oh, okay.

But still, it's still got to hurt.

We're at our sixties, the children are their fifties.

Everyone's around the same age.

You guys adopted.

We all know that.

It's right.

You had friends more than children.

That's right.

And that's what we got.

They're a wonderful bunch.

I adore them.

Do you call them the wonderful bunch?

Yes.

Lord ALW's wonderful bunch.

What I need is a sign of a signal up in the sky.

Wonderful bunch.

That's a symbol.

That's never, I've never understood that.

And you never will.

From what I understand, the batting gentleman, he's called by shining a light into the sky.

Yes.

How does it, like if you have before texts, how could you shine a light into the sky?

This is called pretextural message.

Contextual.

That's assuming that there are clouds that it could bounce or reflect off of.

I mean, what's the...

Sculpture, you live here in Hollywood, California.

Sure.

Oh, don't you ever see those searchlights, the kleagues?

Sure, but the kleagues.

The kleagues.

But they know for injecting things upon the sky.

If we could project things upon the sky, everyone would do that.

I think they use comic book technology.

I think that skywriting is a much better way to get ahold of them.

No, I see.

If you need the batting gentleman, you would just hire those little planes to go over the sky.

But what about at night?

When all the evil curves?

Yes.

That's when they need him the most, do they?

Yes, you're right.

Your plan is flawed, because the batting gentleman is an octetal superhero.

Do you think in the batting gentleman's 60s TV show, they invented the red hotline phone, because they didn't want to pay for a big spotlight?

Probably.

There were no tutorials.

What happens if they need the bat during the day?

Do they ever think that far in advance?

It seemed to me during that show that he was always called during the day, because it's just cheaper to shoot during the day.

Yes.

You know, like most of his capers took place during the day , don't you think?

You always would see that batting mobile come zooming out of the garage during the day.

So they'd say, you know, night, and then he'd wait until the daytime where it was cheaper to shoot.

Sure.

Well, he's up inside.

It's all the crime.

The television Gotham City had a much more active crime rate during the daytime.

The motion picture, Gotham.

It seems as if the criminals and the batting gentleman have a sort of gentleman's agreement, we will only commit crimes.

This is all of them, because the Helanteism is also a crime .

We will only commit our respective crimes past six bells.

Last sundown.

Yes.

And let's say it's called at seven p.m. of an evening.

Sure.

That is when the crime, the crime lamp is lit.

Only when it can be noir.

Indeed.

They're French for night.

And thank you so much for admitting that the Helanteism is a crime.

I mean, a lot of people won't.

If I may, Scottrick and Vika, I will take up a moment of the podcast, you will time to save yourself, Council.

Please.

Law plus order.

If I may address any Vila and Taze out there right now, please, the police and other law enforcement officials are in place to do their jobs and keep us together as a society.

I urge you, hang up your capes and cows and stop this Vila and Taze madness.

Frankly, when I watched the Battingman movies, I don't know who to root for, because they're all criminals on the right.

It is exactly it, Vika.

They're all criminals.

I root for that fat cop.

Me too.

Bullock.

Yes, Henry Bullock.

I hope that he loses weight.

He's the hero for his health.

I'm rooting for him to be on the biggest loser.

Why do they get more fictional people on this?

They're true.

And Cake Boss could talk to them.

Cake Boss.

Do you remember when the family feud had superheroes play against each other?

I can't.

Yes.

Which one?

The Justice League of America played against some other people?

Marvel?

I think I get some villains.

Oh, so the Justice DC villains versus the...

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

Man, I wish I could see.

I wonder if this really happened or if it's a play induced hallucination.

Of which you are about to be a musical upon.

Be a dio.

Alright, tell you what guys.

Let's take a little...

Turn on the crime lamp.

It's cold.

Top 10 answers on the board.

That's a song for you right there.

The survey states.

We have to take a break.

Let's take one last break.

When we come back, we will play a little game.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back with...

Viagra?

I did back.

Oh, I thought you shouted Viagra.

Oh no.

You know what?

I'm never...

You know who's never fought for my thoughts is then Viagra Band.

I love the music they make.

Oh, you're not familiar with them?

No, you've never seen the Viagra commercials from the ad verts?

Yes, the Viagra Band.

It's a bunch of...

They sing...

They sing it to a very clever pattern of Viva Las Vegas called Viva Viagra.

Oh, I see what they did there.

It's a bunch of middle-aged men.

They're very excited they can have erections.

Thank you.

You just...

Al, do you just turn off commercials, Viagra commercials in particular?

When you see them?

I know this is crazy, but I actually fast-forward through commercials, so I've never seen a commercial.

That's crazy.

I don't like it.

I'm coming here.

A lot of your early work referenced a lot of commercials.

I was just guessing.

I was just assuming.

Mr. Popio?

Really?

Mr. Popio?

Does this sell things?

I used to date as daughter.

Do you have a ghost rider?

No.

I said writer, by the way, not the ghost rider.

No, no.

Although, Nicholas Cage actually has been a lot...

In that film, The Ghost Rider.

Yes.

Did he have a ghost ride, The Whip?

Interesting.

That would have been a fun thing for him to do.

It would have been really interesting.

The Whip?

Yes, you're not familiar with the phrase, Ghost Ride, The Whip.

I guess not.

I believe it's your automobiles in motion.

Yes.

And then at some point you climb out of the driver's seat and you get on top of the automobile.

Who hasn't done that?

That's called Ghost Riding the Whip.

I didn't know what it was called.

Well, of course I have.

It has a name.

Yes.

This thing you've been doing all along.

Ghost Riding the Whip?

You didn't know what to call it.

Yes.

Well, we can talk about this literally all day.

I call it Tiley Wrong.

But, it's time to play a little something we call, would you rather?

Okay.

Please, Vickers.

Who's speaking?

Have a special one.

Thank you, Vickers.

Thank you.

Vickers.

Please.

Vickers.

I understand.

As we are leveraging you, we are technically speaking during the theme song.

But, it doesn't count quite as much.

Vickers, please.

Alright, it's time to back for it.

I know.

I wanted to say it with the proper intonation.

It was just gnawing at my brain of like, you really want to say it in that cadence.

I'm sure the audience was crying out for it to be done.

Well, I'm sure they were doing it at home.

Like the minute I said it, they said it.

So they just wanted to do it.

They would, Devler.

Alright, it's time to play, would you rather?

And yes.

And here we go.

Yes, and here we go.

How do you play this game, Scott?

Oh, that's right.

Well, people send me, would you rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBVWR, Comedy Bang Bang, or Bing Bang, would you rather?

And I then read them out loud.

You're free to ask any question about any of the, either of the scenarios, as a matter of fact that you like.

Could the CBV also stand for Comedy Bean Bag?

Good.

I want to start selling Comedy Bean bags.

Bing, bong, Bing, bong, Bing, bong.

Bing, bong, you've been bean bagged.

If you can say it, I will give you one.

If you could say it, I will spray it.

I also want the news, not the weather.

Alright, so you're free to ask me about either scenario, any question you like in order to help narrow down your choice.

I will, at a certain point, open the floor for questions and then you can ask questions.

But not before.

No, no.

You're not part of placing the phone.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning regarding this.

You will not say in about 60 seconds, I am going to close the floor.

No!

Out of nowhere.

I suppose technically this is a warning that it is going to happen.

This is the only warning we get.

Okay, so there is a warning.

There is one warning.

And this is it.

This is it.

Okay.

We're in the midst of it right now.

Long warning regarding the fact that there will be no more warning.

So when you're saying there is no warning, that was a fallacy.

Bit of a fear, but white life.

It's like a white life.

But you all say, but, but all cleverness aside, you are saying when the floor is closed for questions, it will be as if a chandelier has fallen upon us .

Out of nowhere.

Can I ask one question?

Yes.

After the floor has been closed for questions, could I just ask one more question?

No, and in fact, you're asking me a question before the floor is open for questions, which I, you know, is you're on my last nerve.

Although not some video.

Ficker, please.

If I do a spit on paper, please do you get royalties now?

I do.

I get royalties.

Anything talks about on the phone.

You're overlooking the fact that a vicar, please has been running in the UK for about 25 years.

Because we the American version.

It's the most popular.

Steve Carell.

That's right.

Is that what that phrase that we say in America is based on ?

Yes.

That's a parody of that?

Yes.

You never knew that was a parody.

Hi, Scott.

And all right, this question comes to us from Randy Miller, Randy underscore Miller on Twitter.

He asks, would you rather be able to talk to animals, but they're all sarcastic jerks or have pockets that are always full of pennies?

Oh, interesting question.

I cannot wait.

I cannot wait until the floor is open.

I can't wait.

Neither can I quite frankly think about a lot to think about.

Not too digest.

Yes.

Let's take a mo.

All right.

A half a mo.

Take a half mo.

A quarter mo.

Take a haemo.

Hey, Mo.

And if you haven't got a haemo, god bless you.

No, haemo.

Hey, Ashie.

Hey, or this is really our finest work.

Can I just say that little eight second chunk.

Oh, I love it.

We're just saying things.

If you want to know what this podcast is about, that eight seconds will tell you everything.

Yes.

Everyone takes a turn to say things that come into the brain.

The end.

Subscribe.

The floor is open.

I have a question.

Yes.

Lornay, L.W.

In the scenario where I can, I can talk to the animals, you are able to talk to animals.

Right.

I guess we are all able to talk to animals.

Yes, exactly.

But they are sarcastic jerks.

Yes.

Do they, can they reply in English?

Do I understand what they are saying?

What he means is, and I know what he means.

I know what he means, which is that they reply not in English, but they reply in barks or in lizard tongues going out.

In their native language.

But you can fellow things sarcastic.

But you can process it almost as if you had a babble fish in your ear.

And you are able to hear it in English.

No, no one else can hear.

Well, Dr. Dole little from the Dr. Dole little friend.

So in this scenario, he's a real person.

He's a real person.

He's a round and your best friend.

Now, you have a lot to talk about.

Is he a medical doctor?

No, he's a, he's much like Bill Cosby.

The doctor.

The age Cosby.

Yes, that guy.

All animals are sarcastic jerks.

Yes, which we, the rest of us do not know, but they are sarcastic jerks.

Yeah.

Are any of them funny?

They can be funny.

I enjoy it is what I'm asking.

Is there ever a case in which say this particular hedgehog, when he does it, it actually makes me smile a bit?

I think there's one or two of them that you enjoy.

Because one or two of them have, you know, the Babblefish translates their voice and you hear it as kind of like a, you know, like a rosan type, you know, sarcastic and, but it makes you laugh because it's like that voice.

Rose had type.

Yeah, I was this question.

Yes, of course.

In the scenario, are human beings capable of sarcasm?

Great.

This is why we play the game.

No, there is no sarcasm in this scenario other than with animals.

Yes.

And so, so sorry.

If that is the case, Andrew Lloyd Webber got in before you, Lord's before because if that is the case, does the sarcasm of these animals hurt my feelings?

It's so refreshing because there is none in the world and you are actually the one person who goes around trying to tell everyone in the world about sarcasm.

Like, there's this funny thing.

I say something, but I don't mean it.

And I say it in a voice and with a look and a little glint in my eye that makes me funny and no one knows what you're talking about.

I say.

I hear any sarcasm though.

Great question.

I say, are these animals of this particular universe, the j esters of that world?

Because only they are permitted the sarcasm.

I didn't want to say it, but yes, they are the jesters of this world.

You are not able and in fact, forbidden from chopping off any of their heads.

Now, I feel I'm being a bit of a question hog and this is unprecedented, but I will allow a I'll take a breather and allow the vicar to ask any questions.

Allow the vicar a halo.

May I flip it a little bit and ask about the penny.

Flip the script.

Let me flip the script.

Of course.

Now the pennies.

Yes.

Remind me again about the pennies.

What they are.

Are they small copper things?

It's a small copper thing that uses.

They used to buy candy.

Yeah.

They were introduced because there was a candy surplus in America.

Yes.

And so they wanted to give away this candy, but they didn't really want to give it away.

Do they sell whistles as well?

They also, there was a whistle surplus.

And so they had these two things, candy and whistles.

And they were like, wow, we don't want to just give it to people.

So they created a small copper coin that people would trade for candy and whistles.

Now, these pennies, would they be 1909 Indian head pennies worth considerably more than their face value?

All are a 1909 Indian head penny.

Yes.

Is that a D as well?

It's an S I think.

An S.

Yes.

An Indian head S.

They are all for Saskatchewan actually minted in Canada.

Yes.

Just make them even more valuable.

Yes.

They are all this penny.

So you are.

I wasn't quite finished.

I knew, but I'm under the garden here.

I'll allow it.

Thank you.

Michelle, I want to myself.

I want yourself, Kessler.

Yes.

These pennies.

When you say my pockets are full of pennies always.

Yes.

How big or small are my pockets?

You wear skinny jeans everywhere you go.

Who I like the sound of this.

So am I quite swelled?

No.

Oh, I like the sound of this considerably less.

So sorry.

You are your proper size.

Does the program, what not to wear exist in this scenario?

Well, that tells people wear clothes that fit.

Is it the eight-sided mirror?

Yes.

Yes, it does exist.

And so I do not heed the advice of what not to wear.

You are not allowed on it because you had a fight with the producer.

Oh, I say.

Yes.

Will we, friends?

You were the best of friends.

And now?

And now Dr. Doolittle has come and really created a rift between you two.

In this scenario Dr. Doolittle.

Yes, of course that dementia-doping, the charlatan.

So the pockets are not much room in these skinny jeans.

Not a lot of room, but enough room for about eight pennies.

Oh, I see.

Eight pennies per pocket.

But you keep refilling them.

As soon as you empty your pocket, eight more magically here .

Yes.

Eight PPP.

Oh, I have a perhaps peyote infused question.

Sure.

Let's hear it.

Do pennies in this reality way as much as they do in our current reality?

Excellent.

No, they do not.

They're iterably heavier.

As I found the density of these pennies, perhaps too much for the human body to burn.

Yes, you are constantly having to crawl everywhere you go because the pennies are so heavy.

In addition to my presumed palm and knee issues, do I also have back problems?

You have no back problems.

No.

You, that is the one good thing about this scenario is.

How do I say?

Yes, you have an entirely clear back.

Oh, that's totally good.

Yes.

So if you have back problems where you are right now, do you have any problems?

Since you're crawling, incredible knee problems.

Oh, this is why I presumed them vigor.

That would be the downside.

Yes.

Any other questions before I close the floor?

No, let me just remind you.

Oh, you're out with that warning.

Was that a warning?

I think that was a warning.

I don't think that that constitutes as a warning.

The chandelier is getting a bit shaky up there.

Oh, no.

All right.

Any more questions?

No.

I have a question.

Yes, sir.

You made a liar of me.

By the compact of any more questions, you are required to say, I have a question.

I wish I could fight it.

Yes.

Dr. Du Little.

Yes.

Was a merry old soul.

And a merry old soul, was he?

Certainly.

No further questions.

All right.

I'm about to pull some further questions.

Oh, no.

I may feel it very soon.

Can't you?

I might do it right about now.

I'm closing my questions.

And as I said, there was no warning.

I got one more question.

Oh, a classic.

Would you rather blunder?

But go ahead.

I would like to.

Oh, oh, unprecedented.

I was just testing your verusimilitude.

No, no, no, no.

I want to hear this question.

No, I know.

That was a ruse, Scott.

We'll have to talk to you.

A ruse point.

Okay.

All right.

We all know that there are ruse points.

Okay.

Yes.

Everyone knows this.

What color are the pants?

Mustard yellow.

Okay.

All right.

I've closed the floor for questions.

Here we go.

Um, we're going to vote now.

In your minds figure out exactly how you're going to vote.

Have you mold over it enough to vote?

Mm, like a, like a strong wine.

Like a strong wine.

You'd know about that more than anyone.

All right.

Here we go.

All right.

Al, how do you like to vote?

I like to vote correctly because I do not want to give the incorrect answer.

Very good.

So, and I believe the correct answer would be the sarcastic animals because I see no pro side to the penny scenario.

I don't.

The rich, the wealth, you know, it just wouldn't be worth it.

You know, life is short and I don't want to be crawling around on my knees when I have knee problems already for crying out loud when I have to wear mustard yellow pants that are skinny jeans.

Ugh.

And then if I have to buy a magazine of 7-Eleven, I have to pay eight pennies at a time.

Meeter all day.

So, and I think I enjoy.

You'd also have to find like a coin collector all the time and have them on speed dial.

There is no upside to this.

Plus with so many of those, that particular penny, I mean, it's worth so much because there are so few of them.

But they're minted in Saskatchewan.

And now there would be so many of them because the more you use them, the more you're creating.

The more you use them, they just become worthless.

Exactly.

Over time.

Yeah.

And, and I think I would come to appreciate sarcastic animals.

I think I would enjoy understanding what animals said.

Especially one that talked like Roseanne.

Like, Hey, how?

Yeah.

And you know, I don't think they'd be hateful.

I think, you know, I enjoy a little soft deprecations, you know, so I'd be okay with that.

I would be fine with some, some mercilessly sarcastic animals.

All right.

Well, you wanted to vote correctly.

And if you would, Lord Weber, how do you like to vote?

I vote for the penny scenario.

What?

Yes.

Why?

Out of contrariness.

All right.

Very good.

All right.

Let's tally up the points.

Al, you wanted to vote correctly.

And let me be honest with you.

You said I would like to vote correctly.

And if you had stopped there, I would have awarded you all those points.

I wonder about that.

I would have.

Unfortunately, you then carried on and you voted incorrectly.

I just went on and on and on.

We'll have an age of Deab.

I should have left it nebulous.

Comedy is brevity.

I try to be brief.

So sorry.

You can edit everything else out though.

No, I'm afraid we don't edit anything in the show.

Yes.

That's certainly true.

Al Y.

You come in Al Y.

Al Y, you have lost.

Al W.

You are the winner.

Congratulations.

That's of course how we play.

Would you rather?

As it should be.

Now, we they talk all we like over the closing.

Yes, of course.

Yes.

It's a new year.

New rules.

Just like Bill Maher.

New rules.

No more of these types of people doing that sort of thing.

Yes.

You do that very well.

Thank you.

All right.

All right, guys.

We're at the end of the show practically the only thing left to do is a little something we call plugs.

Mmm.

Interesting plug's name as a musician now.

What do you think of that?

I was lulled.

Yeah.

What do you think of using that F word?

It's like something from the 90s.

Oh, I'm so glad they fitted in before the end.

The song was almost over and I was thinking, where's the cursing?

That is Narl's Darwin.

I think I get it.

Do you get it?

No, Al is a parodist.

Yes.

What do you think of that?

Love it.

All right, good.

It's a parody of a parody.

It is.

Is that allowed?

Charles Barkley is a parody of Charles Barkley.

Yes.

And this is a parody of Narl's, Charles Darwin.

I say, here's my parody of it.

Based on the situation comedy, Bewitched.

Narl's Derwood.

Oh, I love it.

Right?

Yes.

Prince Narl's.

He doesn't really work.

I got this.

It doesn't work at all.

All right, well that plug bag is open.

So Al, what do you like to plug here?

Oh, well, I'm working on my Burt Convey tribute album.

It's a three.

The most of card sharks?

Yes, yes.

Not many people remember him, but I'm trying to keep his memory alive.

I'm doing my four CD set.

It's sort of like a rock opera, a pop-ra, if you will.

More pop than rock.

The Convey convoy.

The Convey convoy is one disc devoted solely to tactile tales.

You know, funny you mentioned convoy, my follow-up is going to be an album with all different versions of the song convoy.

BJ McCall.

Oh, BJ McCall.

Great.

Yes.

I'm going to be the plug segment because they get to hear the modded references.

They say.

They all show to hear things like this.

And a convoy, 2013.

And new record coming at some point and you're playing Bon nar.

Go to the record store right now and wait for it.

I'm still writing it, but eventually you can set by, you know, keep refreshing Amazon if you don't want to go to the record store.

Just keep doing over every five, ten seconds.

Sure.

Eventually there'll be an album there.

And any other plans for the rest of the year?

You're going to be on tour the summer of summer.

Oh, summer.

I've got a children's book coming out on June 25th called My New Teacher and Me, which is available for pre-order right now.

Is that a sequel to the last one you did or is that?

In a way?

Well, a sequel I think, my first one was called, what was it called, When I Grow Up?

So if a sequel would be called When I Grow Up Again, which I couldn't do that.

So it's not a sequel in the most strict sense.

But is it the same child as the day?

It's not the same child, same characters, same setting, so it feels like a continuation.

It's like the Hangover 2.

Yes, very much like that.

In fact, my book was inspired by the Hangover 2.

Now the little Zach Galifianakos character running throughout.

What you could do is rise a sequel to that book entitled Now That I've Grown Up and then keep it hidden away in a vault until those children who have read the original book have grown up.

Yes, and be like the Michael Aptid of children's books.

Indeed.

Every seven years.

Yes.

Every seven years.

Yes.

Still growing.

Still grow in with that.

All done.

I'm dead.

Picture of a grave on the front.

I love it.

All right.

Lord, Weber, what do you like to plug?

Scot it as unorthodox as this makes you.

Scot it.

I do, Pudger.

I feel I know you well enough now to call you.

Scot as other people do.

It feels fun.

As unorthodox as this may seem, I would like to yield my plug time to someone else.

This has never happened before.

I would like to promote something that is happening in my hometown of England.

What?

Okay.

Yes.

April 2nd through the 13th.

A very fun comedian stand up variety named Paul F. Tomkins will be appearing at the SoHo Theatre.

Paul F.ing Tomkins.

Please.

I understand your lingo better than you think.

That's something very unsavory that you're saying.

Paul F. Tomkins.

F. period.

Tomkins.

Tomkins with an H?

How now you know?

Sorry.

It should be with an H, but it's not.

I don't know what he's playing at.

But yes, it's SoHo Theatre.

April 2nd through the 13th.

2nd through the 13th.

And there is no better night at the theatre.

There's no better night at the theatre than seeing stand up comedy.

So, and take it from me, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Who would know about theatre?

I think I do what they want to about the theatre darling.

So April 2-13 at the Old Globe Theatre.

Yes, 2nd April through 13th April, as we say.

Yes, at the Old Globe.

Year of our Lord, 2013.

Fantastic.

And that is, are your plugs done?

This concludes my ploughs.

Alright, I would like to say, hey, come out and see me at South by Southwest.

I'll be doing some very special shows.

I will be Reggie Watson.

I will be doing a show along with James Adomene.

We'll be doing a very special show at the IFC House on the Saturday, the first Saturday at South by Southwest.

And then I'll be doing a live podcast there on Sunday.

And also stand up showcase on Monday.

So come out and see me.

And that's all I have to plug.

So the plug bag now, let's close it up.

Here we go.

We're now remix.

Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo.

I'm a bug bag.

I love it.

Alright.

Guys, we did it.

We certainly did.

We did it.

That was an extra long one for me.

If not us, then who?

It's not now, then when?

Whereforth follows the follow ease.

Thanks for the shall it be known forevermore, and now, and until the end of times, this has been done by us, I say.

I do want to say, I forgot this during the plugs.

Matthew Blanchett, thank you so much for donating $100 to CBB.

Matthew Blanchett, you got a special plug outside of the plugs.

How's that?

Thank you for sounding like a thing that is useful in contacting the spirits.

From beyond when using the Weege board.

Alright guys, Al, always a pleasure to see you.

Did I say pleather?

Pleather?

I suppose.

I pledge that it is a pleasure to see you.

I'm wearing pleather pants, but that was confusing.

I know.

That's right.

I wanted to sort of honor those.

Always a pleather to see you.

And Lord Weber, come back any time.

I will.

Oh, you've got a bunch of knives.

You never took that.

You've covered half of your face again.

Oh, it's conflict.

You've done it this time.

Oh, the final.

I will.

I will see you next week.

Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio, boom.com.

The Wolf Dead.
