---
layout: page
title: 203. ＂Weird Al＂ Yankovic, Paul F. Tompkins [17240⧸21089].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Two immense stars from the world of music are on the show today.

That's right, weird Al Yankovic is our guest in the studio, as well as Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber!

They are both in the same room at the same time, along with me.

All of that and more, all on today's ♪ If a tree falls in a forest and no one is there to hear it, will Allstate still cover the damage to my house?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, good catchphrase from, who's this from?

Malcolm McDowell says Meow.

Even better screen name than the catchphrase, I might say.

Screen name better than the catchphrase.

The classic conno- What is up? There's a better catching phrase.

We all know who that is, by the way.

Welcome to the show, Comedy Bang Bang.

That was a catchphrase.

You know, if you have one, you know what to do.

And I'm Scott Aukerman, and you know that melodious, mellifulous, is that a word?

Mellifluous, please, if you, if you must borrow our language, dear boy, please do try to pronounce the words correctly.

And that's what we're really doing.

We're just borrowing the king's speech.

Correct.

From the English, and we're- That's correct.

No, not the king's speech.

The king's English, darling.

That's right, I borrowed the king's speech from my friend, Jim.

Yes, when are you going to return it?

Has he been talking to you about this?

He's mentioned a few things, very passive aggressive.

Why is he talking to you?

I didn't even know you- He's trying to triangulate us, don't you do?

Oh, okay, well- He's against one another.

You must be going crazy right now.

I'm going simply mad.

I'm out of my topping hat.

Thank you so much for bringing your topping hat, by the way .

Of course, I'm a gentleman.

We all know who this is.

Everyone knows who this is.

Friend of the show.

Brenda the show.

Frienda.

I said frienda, obviously.

I see, in your charming colonial way.

Frienda the show.

I'm a frienda the show.

I got to talk to Gary Marshall about maybe a sitcom called Frienda.

Please don't talk to him.

Really? Do you have something against him?

He's just frightful bore.

He is, isn't he?

So loud.

He's so very loud.

Constantly horroring, screaming, yelling, bellowing.

Just like Gil Bellows as well.

Yes, the charming actor from the Shawshank Redemption.

And Gillian Bellows as well.

And but we all know who this is.

This is, of course, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

We all know who I am.

Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, the composer of such Broadway musicals as Cat, Jesus Christ Superstar, Joseph and the Amazing Tech, Starlight Express.

Express, I believe is pronounced.

I beg your pardon.

Starlight Express.

Oh, did I mispronounce it?

Yes, of course.

Starlight Express.

Roller skates.

Roller skate train.

Remember, dear Scott Rick, when those people in their tight-fitting dance skins donned their roller blades and risked life and limb to bring life to a musical that no one remembers anymore.

I feel like you and I may be the only people who do remember it.

It was the turn off the dark before the turn off the dark.

That's right.

Was anyone injured?

I don't remember.

Everyone was injured.

Every single person, every single night.

Check the Guinness Book.

Yes, we hold the record for most injuries in a Broadway play.

You know, I can't afford the book, but I've always wanted it to be online.

Why is it so prohibitively expensive?

Why is it only for people like me?

Why is it for the 1%?

Guinness, change your business model.

They also have a record for the most exclusive book.

That's right.

Andrew Laidweber, you're here.

I'm here.

You are, as I said, frienda, the show, and you're back.

And we haven't seen you in quite a few months.

No, it's been quite a while.

It's been quite a while.

It's been.

What's that?

I don't know.

Have you thought, by the way, about doing some sort of new musical based on the music of The Bare Naked Ladies?

It's all I think about.

Then why don't you know the song one week?

It's so, what is that?

See?

Is that one of their songs?

Well, their most popular song.

The devil, you say?

Their one number one hit.

How does it go?

It's been.

Surely you know it from there.

Very short.

Brief number.

Well, that's why I went to number one.

People could listen to it over and over again.

Oh, indeed.

And so it got, yeah, exactly.

Not like that American Pile.

Oh, god.

Or Lido by Bolskags.

Or Stairway to Heaven.

Don't know that one either, really.

By Led Zeppelin?

Yes.

Yes, of course.

What do you call it?

Stairway to Heaven.

Oh, I see.

I see, yes.

There's some sort of disconnect here.

Am I mispronouncing it?

Stairway to Heaven.

Yes.

Because there was an old musical song called Stairway Away from Heaven.

Oh, how did that go?

I remember that a little bit.

It went something like this.

Ah, ma'am.

Me, me, me, me, me.

Singing, singing, singing.

Singing is fun.

Oh, Granny's all upset.

Because Granny, no.

Well, you're making it a sort of hee-haw.

I'm doing a hillbilly clap.

No, it's not a hillbilly song.

OK.

Are you familiar with the tradition of British music all?

Oh, of course.

Paul McCartney.

It was our vaudeville.

When I'm 64 type songs.

Yes, that's somewhat close.

He's very inspired by that.

Has he said that in interviews?

I'm sure.

I've never been able to sit through an entire interview of Paul McCartney.

Poor lad.

Only a serf.

I hate his speaking voice.

Love his singing voice.

It's a terrible speaking voice.

It's so bad.

One can hear the constant thumbs upping he's doing.

As he speaks.

It'll like, ooh.

Oh, the liver puddly an accent.

Oh, my goodness.

Is like something out of Dante's Inferno.

What English, and we'll get back to the other question that we had.

But which English accents are pleasant to the ear?

Is it just like one square city block in England, and if you go outside of it, it just gets distorted?

It's not so much located by a particular region as it is particular structures.

And I find that the most pleasant speaking tones tend to reside in, oh, what's the American word for them?

Man-trens.

I see.

Castles.

What about a place like Big Ben?

If you grew up in Big Ben, how would you?

It's, you sound like a terrible cockney.

It's too close.

Any time you're near a large bell.

If you're born with the sound of any large bell, your accent just deteriorates.

So if you're growing up in a mansion, you're able to speak in lower, hushed tones, much like you.

And then if a bell comes along, then you have to be like, oh, the bell.

That's exactly right.

I see.

That's exactly right.

Just shouting.

You see, if one lives in a castle, one can speak very quietly.

And because of the nature of the stone walls.

And also you have servants who will relay instructions.

If I'm honest, most of it is the servants relaying things that you say to the other side of the room.

Right.

OK.

If you saw the movie Batman directed by Tim Burton.

Let me think about that one.

I know my favorite song is Bat Dance, but I don't know that I've ever seen the movie for which it was written.

By the little prince.

The little prince.

Yes.

There's a scene in which Batman's alter ego is.

Batting man, do you mean?

I believe you're talking about the Bat Gentleman.

Yes.

The Bat Gentleman is a daytime alter ego of Bruce Wayne.

I didn't know that.

He's on a date, a stay at home date, with the reporter Vicki Vale.

Vicki Vale.

Vicki, Vicki.

That's what that lyric in that song comes from.

Yes, indeed.

Vicki Vale.

Vic, Vic, Vic, Vicki Vale.

OK, got it.

The movie, The Bat Gentleman, was inspired by the song Bat Dance.

I see.

So the little prince wrote Batting Dance first.

Antoine de Charles Foy's little prince wrote the song Batting Dance.

I see.

It in turn spawned a motion picture franchise called The Bat Gentleman.

OK, great.

I'm on board.

Yes.

Thank you, welcome aboard.

Thank you so much.

I christen thee the good ship Conversation.

And God bless you and all who sail in you.

I'm just going to take a nap in my room for 15 minutes, if that's OK, before we.

Yes, I'll see you in eight bills.

I'll just kind of put away my luggage and just kind of take a nap.

Just relax.

All right.

Thank you so much.

Make sure you check your room for bed buns.

Really, is that a problem on this ship?

It's a problem on the high seas.

I didn't know that.

Nautical bed bugs, you're not familiar?

Nautical bed bugs.

This is a problem.

I haven't heard of these at all.

Maritime bed buns have been a scourge upon sailors dating back to Sinbad.

And what would they do?

They would swim out from the shore and jump onto ships?

That's right.

And then because they knew that the beds were more comfortable.

There's a certain type of bed bug that's very adventurous.

You just can't stay still.

Can't be kept in a cage.

Needs to be out there on the wide open seas.

He feels as if there's something greater than himself out there.

Sure.

And he's going to see it.

And there'll be no talking him out of it.

Oh, many a bed bug mother will weep on land watching her son swim out to a boat to make people itch on the sea.

Too bad they have to live in the beds, because beds are usually in a room.

They can't be out with nothing above them.

Why can't they be tree bugs?

But it's right there in the name.

That's the problem.

Yes.

Do you feel that if you're a bed bug, it's nature versus nurture?

I think, you know what?

I think there's an interesting children's book idea that you and I should write and maybe our guest, whom we'll get to very soon.

He's a children's book author himself.

Why do you insist on having these guests?

You just want to talk, you and me, one of these days?

Well, you're close to what I'd like to do.

So you would just like to talk.

Well.

All right.

But I think there's a children's book in here about the bed bug who didn't want to stay in the bed.

You know, like the adventurous bed bug who couldn't be confined to a bed.

He wanted to, you know.

What shall this bed bug's name be?

I think that his name.

Oh, at the count of three.

Sure.

We'll both say what.

Let's count down from five to one.

OK.

And then we shall blurt out the name that we both agree upon.

OK.

Shall be the name of this adventurous bed bug.

So we'll count down five, four, three, nose, one.

Yes.

And then we'll say the three.

OK, great.

Five, four, three, nose, one.

Hegemony.

I said hegemony.

You said Barnaby?

Yes.

Why did you think that we would say the same name?

I'm now realizing that there would be practically no chance of that happening.

Scott Old thing.

Don't you realize in children's literature circles, alliteration is very important.

Ah, what was I thinking?

And of course, if his name has to start with a B, it's going to be Barnaby because there's a B at the beginning and a B at the end.

Indeed.

Barnaby.

No, he's not a B.

Yes, but his name starts with a B and ends with a B. Barn aby starts with a B and then Barnaby.

You don't understand.

His Christian name, and make no mistake, he is a Christian.

His Christian name is Barnaby.

Aren't you Catholic?

What?

The very idea.

Church of England, dear boy.

Oh, so sorry.

See you, V. To the day I die.

When do you think that'll be?

I know we'll get back to the Barnaby.

Oh, I wish I didn't know.

You do know?

Have you been talking to cake boss or what?

Who?

Never mind.

Of course I know who the cake boss is.

Boss of all cakes.

Are you joshing with me?

OK.

I'm jesting with you in a way.

Do you know, in England, we have a history.

Of jesters.

Of court jesters.

They are the only ones forbidden to mock the royalty.

And in this realm, I suppose you are the royalty, much as it pains me to say so.

And may I humbly serve as your court jester?

Thank you so much.

You fatuous idiot.

Well, classic jestering.

That's what they did.

So Barnaby is a Christian.

Barnaby the Christian bed bug.

Yes.

OK.

So his Christian name is Barnaby.

His surname or second name is bed bug.

Is bed bug.

It's also what he is?

Well, this is the tradition of names, isn't it?

Barnaby bed bug.

If you were a miller, a brewer, a taxidermist, these are all common last names that people have these days .

A yank of Vic.

He was a vicar of Yanks.

He was an American clergyman.

Yes, of course.

Yes.

And of course, it becomes corrupted over time as it travels from England, as the Yankovics did, when they were vicar Yanks.

And then they make their way to the New World.

And then it becomes corrupted, and people just say Yank of Vic, and then people get it wrong and call him Yank of Vic, which is a huge problem.

Yes.

When people put extraneous H's in names, I'm not a fan.

Oh, no, no.

We're talking with Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Now you've done it?

And speaking of Yank of Vic, why don't we get to our guest?

Yes, let's leave all of those threads dangling.

What threads are we leaving?

And never return to them.

What are we leaving dangling?

That's for the listener to be frustrated by.

Yes.

Do they really need closure on this bed bug thing?

You'd be surprised.

I did want to hear you shout, because I was wondering if your voice would turn into a cockney if you ever shouted.

Oh, dear.

I wonder if it would.

That's terrifying.

Can we play act here and you shout something out, like pretend that we're across a parking lot?

Yes, yes, yes.

Please, do give me a scenario in which it would be necessary to shout.

Now understand, I'm very rich, and I'm a lord of the British empire.

So shouting for me is very extreme.

So let me just think of something.

OK, so we're out on the street.

We're in a parking lot.

And I can see you across the way of the parking lot.

Yes.

Is this some sort of post-apocalyptic dystopia?

Why are we out on the street?

OK, OK, I'm sorry.

We're in a mansion.

Yes, go on.

OK.

And your manservant has taken ill.

My butler, my valet.

Both of them.

Ooh, ooh, ooh.

This is a post-apocalyptic dystopia.

An outbreak of the chickening pox.

And, uh.

Curse you, chickens.

A pox on you.

You got him.

That's how you get him.

That, wow.

So we are across the dining table from each other.

Yes.

You are at the head.

Like the bad gentleman.

Yes.

You are at the head.

I am at the foot.

Much like the batting gentleman.

A thread.

Of course.

Let's wrap this up.

I am Vicki Vale.

Yeah, indeed.

You are the bad gentleman.

Oh, I'm the bad gentleman.

Yes, of course.

Oh, exciting.

We're across a table from you.

And I say past the salt. I haven't seen the movie, but I'm imagining that's what it is.

Yeah, well, it's a sort of thing that if you don't have a full-time kitchen staff, you may end up having to season your own food.

Yes.

Some people do it.

I personally don't subscribe to this method.

I think people try to, they think it's charming to season your own food.

Yes.

It's very common.

It's very, very common.

And now we are across the table from each other.

And I say past the salt. And you can't hear me.

Yes.

Let's see if you would shout.

OK.

All right.

Pass the salt.

I'm sorry, do speak up.

Pass the salt.

I'm sorry, I cannot hear you.

Can you hear me?

No, I can't hear you.

No.

Speak up.

I'm sorry, could you say, make your request a little louder , please?

Pass the salt.

Oh, it's just on the edge of my hearing.

I've never raised my voice quite this high before.

Uncharted territory.

Pass the salt.

I can't hear you.

Pass the salt.

Speak up, love.

Whoa.

Oh, no.

Oh, my gosh.

That was terrible.

Oh.

I didn't.

Oh, heavens.

Oh, that was like Eliza Doolittle there.

I don't care.

I don't care for that at all.

No, please.

Let's keep your voice down at all times.

Like I became a Mr. Hyde?

Have I done a Jacqueline Hyde musical?

Someone's done it.

You should do one, though.

You should.

I should have done it.

I believe it's happening right now, but I didn't do it.

Who did it?

It is out there.

I know Sebastian Bach.

Who out there?

Who dares?

Who dares to come up with a Jacqueline Hyde musical before Andrew and Weber?

Are there musicals, and we'll get to our guests in a second , but are there musicals that you want to get to that you've never gotten to?

We've talked about the Barenaked Ladies one.

Certainly Jack and the Beanstalk.

Oh, yes, of course.

So many songs while he's climbing up that Beanstalk.

It took him about three days, I believe, to climb all the way up.

He could sing probably 50 songs in that span of time.

It's a very tall Beanstalk.

Yeah.

It's a stalk of beans.

Of course.

It's right there.

Let's see what else.

Mash.

Mash?

Yeah, so wanted to make a Mash musical?

Mash.

Hawkeye, BJ, Trapper John.

I'd have both the first season cast and the later season cast as well.

All of them in just one big melting pot there together.

Both colonels Henry Blake and Sherman T. Potter.

Rit, but wasn't Sherman T. Potter the replacement for her for Blake?

Indeed.

But the deceased Colonel Henry Blake, who was shot down over the Sea of Japan.

Sure.

His ghost would haunt Colonel Potter.

Ah, I see.

You can never replace me, Sherman Potter.

You're placing your hand up against your face like it's the Phantom.

No, please.

I'm Henry Blake.

You can't just put the Phantom mask into every musical.

Why can't I?

Please, take it away from your face.

You'll never replace me, Sherman Potter.

Now I'm sort of on board, actually.

Happy birthday to you.

Oh, those spinsters.

We're going to have to pay them.

Those miserly old crones, Mildred and Patty Hill.

I wish you wouldn't sing copywritten songs.

I do apologize.

All right.

We have to take a break before we get to our guests.

So sorry about that.

But he's in the green room anxiously awaiting to come out.

We must take a break if that's OK.

I'll allow it.

All right.

Do you have any sort of jesterish kind of thing to say to me before we go to a break?

Yes.

You look as if you have that acromegaly disease.

Off with his head.

Wait, aren't the jails done?

Oh, so sorry.

So sorry.

Close call.

Whew.

All right.

Let's take a break.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang.

And we have our main guest, Weird Al Yankovic, coming up right after this.

Oh, no, no, no.

Oof.

Oh, no, no, no, no.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

We have Andrew Lloyd Webber here.

And better than ever.

Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

So sorry.

I almost called you sir.

That's quite all right.

Were you ever a sir before you were a lord?

One must be a sir before one becomes a lord.

Well, we won't get into that.

No, heavens no.

We have to get.

Always going forward, don't you know?

Yes.

We have to get to our guest.

Have to get to.

It is a privilege to.

Well, you're semi-amlegated at this point.

I don't know.

I could just keep talking to Andrew Lloyd Webber and just make you watch for another half hour.

I can go back in the green room.

It's OK.

Weird Al Yankovic is here, one of our favorite guests of all time.

Why, thank you, Scott.

Hurrah.

Oh, please.

Hurrah.

Please.

A round of applause.

Please sit down, sir.

Weird Al and Yankovic.

That was so nice of you to stand.

Here's American royalty as well.

Do you hold some sort of a royalty title?

I am the vicar of Yanks back in the old country.

That's true.

So we have confirmation.

I know you weren't listening to the early part of the show.

Are we talking about that earlier?

Yeah, we were.

Oh.

OK.

Al, thank you so much for being here.

What I have to guess is your fifth appearance on the show.

Let's go with fifth.

And you were on the TV show the last time we saw each other .

You were on the TV show last season, the season finale.

Was that the last season?

I thought there'd be another one.

Well, of course, yeah.

We're coming up on.

So it's not really the last season, is it?

I believe.

OK.

I won't quit.

It could be the penultimate season.

We don't know.

It very well might be.

Vicar, he has trouble with the English language.

What he means to say is previous season.

Oh, now it makes sense.

Thank you.

You guys seem to speak the same language.

Well, yes.

Countrymen after a fashion.

That's right.

So what year did your family come over here?

Oh, gosh, it was in the late 13th century, I think.

Oh, my gosh.

On some sort of Mayflower type shoot?

On a raft, on a small raft.

On a small raft all the way from England.

It was an accident, as I understand.

It wasn't intended, no.

Fairly accidental.

You just kind of meant to go out in a pond or something?

It was supposed to be a three hour tour.

And yet, they wound up coming to America centuries before it was, you know.

Steepa trucks of Hawaiian shirts.

They brought them right over, yes.

So these are family heirlooms that you wear.

Yeah, they float.

You know, Hawaiian shirts, I don't know.

It's a benefit of them.

Not many people know that.

They're the one piece of clothing that floats?

That's why I always wear Hawaiian shirts on an airplane.

Because if we go down, you don't have time to reach with a life jacket.

I'm good.

So you only wear them on an airplane?

Pretty much only on airplanes.

You're about to catch a flight?

Yes.

Right after this podcast, I'm out the door, out to LAX.

I see.

Boy, a traveling guy, huh?

Always on the move.

How to wrap it, man.

Yes.

Al, what have you been up to?

We haven't heard you on the podcast for a year.

It's kind of a personal question, Scott.

It is, but I'm going to go there.

Oh.

What have I been up to?

Oh, gosh.

I'm working on the new album.

I'm going on the road.

I'm playing Bonnaroo this year.

That's going to be fun.

Oh, so fun.

Bonnaroo, I've heard of this.

This is where a bunch of people, they stand around in the out of doors.

The Bonnaruvians you're talking about.

They're indulging in alcohol and drugs, and they have a contest to see who can smell the most.

Who can smell the most?

What sense do you mean that in?

Who can give off the most pungent odor.

Oh, oh, oh.

Because I'm really good at actually smelling the most in terms of guessing people's odors and what they had for lunch, perhaps.

Now, is that a skill, or is that something that is thrust upon you?

No, that was part of my DNA.

That was something that's been part of my family since the 13th century, pretty much.

So when they got on this raft, they were led by their smells to America, really?

In a way, because they sensed a new land out there, a land of opportunity.

They smelled it, and they followed that scent.

I see.

Interesting.

Follow your nose, always good advice.

It always knows.

True.

Always.

Not always?

Always.

Oh, so.

That's toucan logic.

OK.

It's not always valid.

And we all know two.

Toucans.

Three of those make a six pack.

So now what I want to know, though, Al, is you're doing Bonnaroon.

You have a new album.

And when does the album come out?

You know, it's on the calendar.

I can't be held to this, but sometime in the next 30 years.

OK.

Sometimes.

It's the last album on my contract.

Standard three-decade deal.

Yes, the three-decade deal.

If by the time I'm 83, it hasn't come out yet, the record company is going to ask for money back.

They release you?

Yes.

I see.

And this is the last of your contract with?

With Sony.

Sony.

Yes.

Oh, Sony.

Such a difficult studio to get to in the middle of the day.

It is.

Have you talked to them about that?

The traffic is just too heavy on Pico.

So I have to.

It's just out there in Century City, the furthest point from anywhere on Earth.

Mm-hmm.

In the middle of the day.

What is this, the Saturday Night Live sketch, The Californ ians?

You big fan of the album.

If you turn left, if you turn right on La Fiannaiga, though .

With Alec, what are you doing here?

Enjoyable sketch.

Just bring it up to them.

That's all I ask.

I will.

OK, thank you so much.

Make that a negotiation point if you renew your contract.

Do you think you're going to renew your contract?

I'm guessing not.

I've been under a record contract since 1982.

It might be nice to breathe the fresh air for a while.

That's amazing.

A question, if you'll permit it, Vigor.

Do you do your own contractual negotiations?

Pretty much, yeah.

We put the contract, we tape it on the wall, and we throw darts and figure out what parts we want to negotiate.

And it's all very subjective and by chance.

It's like a roulette wheel.

I don't think it's by chance.

I think it's by divine intervention.

I think God guides those darts to where I do.

I truly believe that.

Several schools of thought there.

This may seem like a trivial question, but what type of tape do you use?

Do you use Scott's tape?

The Scott's tape.

Not masking tape.

Certainly not.

Take the fandom mask down.

No.

If you use half of the room, half a masking tape room.

I think the Phantom is not half a role.

I think it is one of the greatest roles in the history of musical theater.

How many of you, Scottrix, you've done it.

Thank you so much.

So it is amazing, if you'll permit me to swallow in the middle of that question.

Please do it.

It is amazing.

31 years under contract at the same record.

Indentured servitude.

Remember when Prince, the little prince, he wrote slave all over his face.

Like, you ever feel like doing that?

That lasted a week, didn't it?

He just lit ash from the tiny volcano.

Remember how he changed his name to get out of his record contract to do it?

I'm changing my name to an odor, because I feel like since that's part of our family's lineage, I feel like that would be appropriate.

So what kind of odor would you be?

It's going to be a slightly lavenderish, slightly basil.

So a little mix of the two.

So if you ever smell that, then just you'll know your records are around somewhere.

Now, Scottrix, what sort of odor would you be if you were an odor?

Gosh, I mean, there's so many great odors out there in the world.

There's fresh baked bread.

It's a good one.

You know, I don't know that I could necessarily own that, like Prince owned that symbol.

I don't think that symbol existed before the little prince actually.

No, he created it.

So I feel like we would have to create scents in order to.

Well, much like the vigor has done just now.

Yeah.

With the basil and the lavender.

I believe it would be a lot like creating my own perfume, where I just pour a little bit of this in, pour a little bit of this.

Odor Scott.

Yes, Odor Scott, yes.

Odor Scott.

And just pour a bunch of stuff into it, and then create something new.

You know, like all the perfumes are all different, aren't they?

All of them, like snowflakes.

Mm-hmm, yeah.

No two perfumes are alike.

What if a perfume smelled like a snowflake?

That's right, because ice technically is odorless, but like a dirty snowflake.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, very subtle.

Essence of snowflake.

Yes, that's what I would change.

What about you?

Would you call yourself Dirty Snowflake?

Oh, I would.

Oh.

And see, that's my online name.

How did you know?

Oh, I've chatted with you.

That's my Words With Friends code.

DirtySnowflake27.

We should play Words With Friends, by the way.

I played with someone for a while, and she got, I don't know, I don't want to go into it.

But it sounds fascinating.

Is it that Gillian Jacobs?

Yeah, Gillian Bellows Jacobs.

Do you know, I had a game of Words With Friends going on with her for quite some time.

Wait, did she keep it going?

She did keep it going.

I tried to quit it a million times.

She kept her game going with you?

She kept, she said, please, please don't quit the game anymore.

You're the only person I want to play with.

Oh.

These other people, I keep having to quit games with them over and over and over.

These foul idiots.

Foul?

What is it, because of the words?

I wouldn't, I wouldn't.

Oh, wait.

Oh, I feel I've said too much.

I believe you have.

I never put it together.

Skotrik, please do forgive me.

I hope I haven't hurt your feelings.

I mean, you haven't hurt my feelings.

The situations hurt my feelings.

I don't blame people for relaying.

From the Jersey Shore.

The hominins.

But Al, 31 years.

Yes.

The history.

Oh, the history.

The Capitol Records building.

I don't know.

Remember that?

You know, I mean.

Is it still there?

Maybe.

The Victrola.

After the apocalypse?

78 RPM.

Listen, dog, listening to music.

Remember all this stuff?

Remember my first 78 RPM record?

So much history.

So equally breakable.

Nathaniel King Cole.

That's right.

The music industry in general just has so much history, and you're a part of that.

It must feel amazing.

It's so nice to be a footnote in the Rolling Stone music guide.

No, you would be at least a mention.

Footnote and a mention.

A mention, and then there would be a little number, a footnote next to it to explain who you were.

You know what?

I've always wanted to get one of those little swords.

Oh.

Oh, yeah.

The thing that makes people look you up is the little tiny sword.

I want to be a sword with the three notches.

So I would be the third time that they would necessary, it would be necessary to have a sword on it.

Yes, I don't want to be an asterisk.

I want to be a sword.

Yes, a sword.

Yes, of course.

You're talking about a sword that's sword cubed?

The little sword, and then it has like three notches on it, as in this is the third sword on the page.

And feel as if I haven't seen that one in quite a while.

Yes, yes.

Thank you for that trip.

Maybe that'll be what I change my name to.

Is that little sword.

The sword with the three notches.

Yes.

It's going to wreak havoc with the publishing industry.

I wonder what that would smell like.

What would it reek of if it were a spell?

Oh, hominids.

But Al.

Yes, Scott.

So many hits.

So many.

I can't even count them.

How many number, as if there were an infinite number.

How many number one hits have you had?

Number one.

Gosh, I can't even.

Zero.

Zero number one hits.

Actually, I can count them.

Not even.

I thought I wouldn't be able to, and yet I have.

Not even in the comedy charts.

Oh, on the comedy charts, yeah.

Does that count?

Eh, not really.

Not really.

But in the regular charts, what's the highest you went?

I've had a couple of top 10s.

I think the last two albums went top 10.

The last two?

I mean, that's amazing to have your later records be the most popular records you've ever done.

It's a slow build.

I didn't want to be the kind of artist that hits number ones right out of the box.

I wanted to wait 30, 40 years, have a slow build, a slow climb, and hit the top of the parabola.

And I'm thinking I'm going to peak with my next album.

It's going to be my best album.

And after that, the slow ride down.

Slow decline as an independent artist.

I have a question for the people.

Yes.

Do you feel as if your best work is yet to come?

It is.

I'm doing it right now in this room.

What?

So they're not yet to come in the immediate future.

In the immediate future.

Which is the present.

Yes.

Now it's the present.

And you're blowing my mind.

Why did I eat that peyote button before coming into the podcast?

Oh my gosh, Mr. Webber.

Or Lord Webber.

Mr. Webber.

I'm not so high.

Mr. Webber's his father.

I'm not so high that I can't detect that insult in my station.

How often do you get high, by the way?

Eh, usually of an afternoon.

Every afternoon?

Yes, shortly after 4 PM.

Alan, I know you have younger listeners as well.

But how often have you been high, would you say?

I have never.

You've never been high.

No, I'm looking forward to it.

Not a single drug ever.

I haven't gotten around to it.

You and I are very- Does Flintstones aspirin count?

Mm.

Because I've had a couple of Barney's and a Betty once.

What about drinking?

Have you ever like legitimately been drunk?

Not legitimately, no.

It's been very illegitimate.

Yes, yes.

Wasn't sanctioned by the council.

I probably shouldn't say this, but on occasion, I have had the occasional blueberry daiquiri.

Blueberry daiquiri, because you live in Hawaii sometimes.

Sometimes you have to do it.

Sure.

When you drink a blue drink, do you feel as if you're in the future?

I only order drinks by color.

I'm feeling kind of periwinkle today.

Make me something periwinkle.

Now this is what I'm talking about.

This is wealthy person's behavior.

This is how it is, Scott Shrick.

Maybe one day you'll know.

How wealthy are you?

It would blow your mind.

I honestly, you've had so many hit records in an era where having hit records meant you were rich.

So I can't imagine having that much money.

I was selling records in the day when people actually bought records.

It's crazy.

I mean, I remember, I was thinking about this.

Remember the 90s when everyone had just to buy one song, they would buy a person's record.

Remember that?

They were all like $15.99.

And to have a hit song, you had to say both the MF word and the N word.

You had to have the sticker on.

It said MFN.

Yeah, it's just a crazy time.

But getting back to it, how wealthy are you?

Well, I don't want to make you jealous, but I have actually two TV sets.

My goodness.

Yeah, one for the living room and several houses.

How many houses do you own?

Four houses, but only two TV sets.

So sometimes the hard part is transporting the TVs to the houses as we need them.

Because it's not a carry-on.

You have to check a television if you're flying on an airplane.

I always said a teleplane.

Oh, I wish someone would invent one.

Oh my gosh, a teleplane.

How amazing would that be?

Just teleport you.

The most amazing.

You would have to walk into a plane-like structure.

Yes, exactly.

That's right.

But then once you sat down.

You sit down, buckle up.

And waited for 20 minutes while they closed the doors.

Stupid announcements.

You had to turn off everything.

And then, boom, you're teleported to where you were.

For people to get yelled at for not turning off the tele phones.

Yes, of course.

And then you would have to go through security for a good two-hour period.

Absolutely.

Remove your shoes.

Yes, and they would some hats.

It's topping hats.

Medals.

They would some hats.

Medals, really.

You have to remove your medals.

I never thought about that.

Would you credit it?

They ask me to remove my medal when I go through the metal detector.

And what I try to explain to them is it's not that type of metal, darling.

Yes, it's not a metal detector.

It's a metal detector.

Yes, shouldn't metal with you.

Exactly.

Oh, homonyms.

We're doing it.

Homonyms.

We are doing it.

Al, what can we expect on the new album?

I know you like to keep it.

You should not expect anything.

Songs?

What can't we expect?

I want you to have extremely low expectations.

I want you to think that it's just going to be horrible.

Unfortunately, I cannot accommodate you in that record.

In fact, don't even expect there to be songs on the next album.

I expect it to be like a Marcel Marceau record, just like Nothing But Silence.

And that way, when you put it on and you hear the greatest thing you've ever heard in your life, your mind will be blown.

Vigor, what should we not expect?

Great question.

Great question, Roy, A.L.W.

Thank you.

Oh, it's very meta.

You should not expect the soundtrack to your next musical, because that would be a copyright infringement.

What if you guys worked together?

Gosh, I would love that.

Well, we've talked about a collab over quite some time.

It's just scheduling is a problem.

Really?

Because there's no one to do it?

He's constantly shuttling his televisions back and forth between all of his four houses.

A lot of people will be upset with me working with you, because they're still upset about that sacrilegious musical that you did, where you took the Lord's name in vain.

Exactly.

Jesus Christ, superstar.

I wish people would understand it's a problem of punct uation.

That comma was never supposed to be in there.

And for 40 years, that comma has resided in that title.

Why?

They said it to be proved red.

Why?

That's the one step that's the one thing you should do.

Why did they do it?

Cool.

Can you believe it?

Oh, no.

Lord Webber, please.

That plane needed a mask, I think.

That would have saved it.

Could you imagine if an airplane had a giant half mask?

Oh, my god.

A teleplane.

A news cone.

A teleplane.

But if they build a teleplane, they have to have a half mask.

Fly upon me.

I'll transport you to where you wish to go.

Starlight Express 2 teleplane.

It's all actors in plane costumes.

And they're wearing cross-country skis.

Yeah.

That's right.

This is like my last Southwest flight.

They did the whole thing with costumes and everything.

Wow.

It was kind of irritating at the time, but now I see that it's got some potential.

Do you know, I find those people on Southwest, the employees, they're very funny.

Aren't they?

They're very funny.

I love the parodies.

Some of them could be professional comedians, in my opinion.

Is there such a thing?

I don't know.

I've always tried to be one.

Oh.

Well, no one gives you money for that.

What about being a jester, though?

It's very similar.

Oh, that's different.

You're a jester.

You're paid in, first of all, not being executed.

Sure.

That's payment.

You get to live in a castle.

Yes, that's a bit of a reward in itself.

You're exempt from execution.

You don't have to live in a dirt hut.

You're free to if you like.

But who would like?

You get mutton.

I would imagine free mutton.

I mean, what other mutton you could eat with your hands?

Mead.

No utensils, though.

I'm a mutton for mutton.

You wipe your hands on a passing dog.

They're very handy.

Why they had dogs in the castle?

Why would you want to have a dog other than that?

Exactly.

I knew they didn't have utensils, but I didn't know they didn't have napkins or any kind of cloth.

No, no, no.

They would eat with their hands, you see.

And then they would just wipe their greasy fingers on a wiping dog.

Well, Al, we're going to talk to you a little more when we come back.

Why?

Take a break.

Come on.

We do have to take a break.

Let's take another break.

When we come back, we'll have more with Al Yankovic.

Time to pay the piper.

The bills, the bills.

Do you have the skills to do so?

The piper pays the bills, actually.

He's our intermediary in that regard.

Too many steps.

Let's come back.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Oh, no, no, no.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back with Al Yankovic.

Weird Al, do you prefer to be called Weird Al?

I prefer to be called Al Yankovic Sir.

Al Yankovic Sir.

With a comma or some.

Victor of Yanks.

Al Yankovic comma superstar.

Let's not be sacrilegious.

I got to know, is there one song that you've already released that's going to be on this app?

No.

No, scope.

On the last time around, I did this internet leak thing where I have.

How did that work out?

Pros and cons.

It got Grammy nominated, but by the time my actual album came out, people were saying, oh, we've already heard half this album.

And they didn't buy the album in droves.

So I figured this time, let's not give away half the album beforehand.

I say, as a bit of a tease, would you be willing to hum six notes from one of your upcoming songs ?

Yes, I will do that.

These are not consecutive notes, but here are the notes.

Even trickier.

Oh.

How many was that?

Five, I think.

Ah!

There we go.

I believe one of those notes was the same, just an octave separating.

Well, I consider that different notes.

Will you swear to Jesus Christ the superstar himself?

I shan't.

That those notes will appear on the upcoming album?

I don't swear on the radio.

They have to appear?

Does this radio count?

No.

Oh, by heavens no.

Remember the radio.

That's part of music history.

Remember terrestrial radio.

Terrestrial radio.

Remember those things?

Remember Kevin and Bean?

Do you remember, speaking of terrestrials, do you remember E.T., the additional terrestrial?

Oh, my goodness.

He was an amazing terrestrial.

Yes, but he was extra.

He was one of the best, though.

Additional terrestrial.

If you get an E.T., you have to include him, even though he's extra, because he's just that good at being a terrestrial.

By the way, the extras, that's where they get you.

Oh, my goodness.

Ron Sexsmith, by the way, another musician, he was in here the other day, had never eaten a Reese's piece.

What?

And he'd eaten one right before the show.

Was he freaking out?

I was like, and he's like, are these new?

Did you put them on the ground and have them follow you across the studio?

I'm trying to do his sort of, it sounds to me like country, but I know he's from Canada.

But I'm trying to do his sort of unassuming voice.

But he was kind of like, oh, yeah, these things are pretty good.

Are these new?

Are these Reese's pieces?

I'm like, from E.T., the movie E.T.

He was like, oh, yeah, I just kind of stayed away from him, because I don't like peanut butter.

I'm like, you don't like peanut butter?

I'm allergic to peanut butter.

You bought them?

Like, his story was just full of contradictions.

Sounds like a madman.

Now, you know, his surname, very interesting if you go back to the old country.

Yeah, it was.

But yeah, to find something that late in life, though, that you all of a sudden enjoy, you know what I mean?

I wish.

I wish I had something in the way that Ron Sexsmith had Reese's pieces.

I wish I could eat my first Reese's piece all over again.

I see.

I figure, what if we were to undergo hypnotherapy, erase the memory of Reese's pieces, and then find them at a store, a little corner shop?

I say, what are these?

Are they brand new?

What day is it?

You there, boy.

I'm afraid if you were to undergo hypnotherapy, Lord Webber, that all of a sudden, Mike the janitor would come around again.

Who's that?

Never mind, never mind.

Is there something, Al, that you have never done?

Yes.

I mean, we talked about drugs.

Do you ever see yourself actually doing it, or is it just kind of like, you know, when I did that Analyze Fish episode, I don't know if you know about it, but I went to Madison Square Garden and took a bunch of drugs.

I'd never done these drugs, but I'd never done ecstasy or anything like that.

And I did them, and there was that fear of just like, I'm an old man.

Is this the way I die?

You know what I mean?

So do you ever see yourself one day just going, you know what?

I just, you know, let's try mushrooms.

One of these days, when I'm in my late 80s, I think.

When you're out of the public eye, you think?

When no one's judging you.

I don't want to be a role model.

I don't want to be held up to criticism.

I don't want the TMZ bus driving by and seeing me tripping on LSD.

But yeah, when I'm late 80s, I'm thinking, I'm going to try it all.

Do you think it's because, have you not, I mean, I know you had a very strict upbringing, like myself.

Do you think it's just, or was it just say no, Nancy Reagan ?

Did that prevent, or just, well, why do you think that you never experimented with it?

I think my folks probably scared me out of it, because they went through the nightly routine of, swear, swear you will never do this.

Swear on the Jesus Christ superstar.

Shh.

I'm sorry.

I do love ceremonies.

When parents have a don't do drugs ceremony, a nightly ritual.

Put on the robes and the wigs of office.

I think that everyone makes fun of just say no, the Nancy Reagan thing.

Constantly.

It's kind of a drag hanging out with you.

It should be just say no, thank you.

I think rudeness is more of a problem than drugs.

Matters cost nothing.

They gain you old.

But everyone makes fun of it, but I think it actually worked in my case.

Like, you know what I mean?

Nancy saved you from a life of.

I think so, because like I grew up just going, well, smoking is too, anytime I see people smoking, by the way, I just am like, why is this?

I say cracking is whacking.

And whacking is cracking.

Yes.

My dear boy.

Open it.

The converse is true.

Open it again.

All right, I'll get off this tactic.

I'm just fascinated.

May I say, though, with the just say no campaign, which I have mocked mercilessly, as everyone knows, the subtext of many of my songs, if not outright text.

That song that you sing about just say no was stupid.

They never, they never, just say no.

How could you come up with such a stupid thing to say?

They never dealt with the idea of follow up questions.

So the idea being, someone says, would you like to try some marijuana cigarettes?

No.

Are you sure?

OK.

Yes, exactly.

That's how easily it crumbles.

In many cultures, you have to ask three times.

It's not polite to accept the first go.

Yes, of course.

This is the way it is.

In America, they wouldn't know about such things.

No, so would you like some drugs?

No.

Would you like some drugs?

No.

Would you like some drugs?

Of course.

You refuse twice on the third time you ascend.

Yes.

Only polite.

What was the first time you've ever taken drugs for Andrew Lordane?

I'm so sorry.

Oh, my heavens.

I wish I was on drugs right now.

I thought that you ate that peyote bun.

So I could black out.

It doesn't have the same effect on me as it used to, you know.

Yeah.

How many years have you been doing that?

I've been doing peyote for about, let's see.

You're 80 years old now, I believe.

I beg your pardon.

I'm sorry, I'm just guessing.

What am I?

Gary Marshall.

Yeah, that's true.

80 years old.

Do you view him as like, he's a guy who could have been your father, probably.

I wish I could say I was that young.

I mean, he was from his family, dated back to England, from the Marshall clan, the lawmakers.

That's right.

Who'd be constantly rounding up criminals.

Yes, they were sort of the sheriffs.

The Sheriff of Nottingham, I believe, was a descendant.

I believe his is a false surname.

Yes, I believe he changed it himself, like a kinshares.

Because he's Jewish, isn't he?

I don't believe so.

I think he's Jewish and says he's Italian, much like the Fonz.

You seem, I've heard you speak of this before.

I feel like you're on some sort of crusade.

I just don't like it.

Just very strange, your obsession with it.

I just don't like the idea that you should change your very lineage in order to just seem like a tough Italian, because Italians were in vogue in the 70s.

I just don't like it.

Were they really?

They were.

I mean, Saturday Night Fever, Danny Terrio.

Going bananas with Tony Danza.

Like Danny DeVito.

All these tough talking Italians.

I just don't like the idea of it.

Why is that?

I don't know.

I think you should be proud of who you are.

I mean, we have the Earl of Yanks over here.

Vicar of Yanks.

Sorry.

What's wrong with your Swiss cheese memory?

My reference-ometer is off.

Just a little bit.

It certainly is.

Usually you're like a steel trap with these things.

I am.

What are you talking about?

I don't remember.

Drugs?

Drugs, yeah.

Oh, yes.

I've been taking peyote for about four decades.

Four decades?

Yes.

What was the first time?

I think.

Burning Man?

Probably at Burning Man.

My first Burning Man, yes.

How many Burning Man?

I went to the Burning Gentleman, I think, for the first time when I was 21 years old.

Ah, boy.

And someone offered me peyote.

Of course, I didn't.

Was this the festival, or was this the self-immolation guy?

Oh, this was just a fellow.

Yes, it was a fellow from the neighborhood.

Ah, yes.

It was known that he had drugs to sell.

Yes.

So we'd go around to the Burning Gentleman, and we'd say, oy, are you home in there?

Oy, really?

Well, when in Rome.

You didn't want him to know of your status, because then he would alert the papers.

Yes, we could hear him inside saying, I'm burning to death.

Please call the fire brigade.

And you were like, oy.

This is code.

So in case the coppers are about, we don't want to bother you showing up and arresting us, clapping us in the brig.

Not a time-bobbing either.

Certainly not.

So I'd ask, I beg your pardon, do you have any drugs for sale?

He would, of course, say no.

I would say, I'll ask you again.

Have you any drugs for purchase?

He would say, I certainly do not.

I would say, by the holy compact of asking three times, I abjure thee, have you drugs for sale?

And he would, of course, be forced to say, yes, what would you like?

Oh, man.

He was so composed for being on fire, too.

That's amazing.

Yeah, well, he was used to it.

He was used to it.

He accidentally set himself afire.

You'd think he'd rush through it or maybe agree on the second time, but no, a true gentleman.

Well, there's a true gentleman indeed.

A burning gentleman is still a gentleman.

What a long, strange trip it's been then.

Yes, dragon.

You ever follow the Grateful Dead around?

No, they followed me around.

What?

Yes.

Who does the Grateful Dead follow?

Here's what people don't know.

It starts with me.

I'm traveling all over the place, sometimes shuttling televisions from one castle to the next .

The Grateful Dead, they're on my trail.

They're trying to make me try marijuana, which I've never tried.

It seems like a very common drug.

Yes.

The Deadheads, they're following the Grateful Dead.

They have no idea.

They are also following Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Whenceforth follows, whereforth follows the followees?

How so forth follows those who doth follow he who dothn't follow but lead.

They thought they were deadheads, but they were web heads.

Indeed, like Spiderman, the spider gentleman.

Turn off the dark.

And who are you following?

Threads.

If you're at the head of this caravan, who are you following?

I follow my mistress and muse, music.

I thought you were talking about Sarah Brightman.

Ever shall I chase thee from shire to shire, from town to town.

Wait, are you doing the Hobbit musical?

From a village to a cloud.

What?

Are you doing a Hobbit musical?

What's a hobbit?

48 frames a second, I could tell.

That was great.

How did you do that?

Do you think we'll ever have 49 frames a second?

I don't think our brains could handle that.

No, no.

What's Sarah Brightman up to?

Oh, Sarah, my beloved Sarah.

She's well from what I understand.

We don't speak directly anymore.

Don't you have children together?

We do.

We relay messages through them.

That's not the way to act as a parent.

Well, you understand the children are all in their 50s.

Oh, OK.

But still, it's still got to hurt.

We're in our 60s.

The children are in their 50s.

Everyone's around the same age.

Well, you guys adopted.

We all know that.

That's right.

You want friends more than children.

That's right.

That's what we got.

They're a wonderful bunch.

I adore them.

Do you call them the wonderful bunch?

Yes.

Lord ALW's wonderful bunch.

When I need them, I'll shine a signal up in the sky.

Wonderful bunch, assemble.

That's never said.

I've never understood that.

And you never will.

From what I understand, the batting gentleman, he's called by shining a light into the sky.

Yes.

How does he?

Like, this is before text.

How could you shine a light into the sky?

This is, of course, pre-textual message.

Pre-textual.

That's assuming that there are clouds that it could bounce or reflect off of.

I mean, most of the house.

Skaltrick, you live here in Hollywood, California.

Don't you ever see those search lights?

The kliegs.

The klieg lights.

But they're not projecting things upon the sky.

If we could project things upon the sky, everyone would do that.

I think they use comic book technology.

I think that skywriting is a much better way to get a hold of them.

Oh, I see.

If you need the batting gentleman, I order those little planes to go over the sky.

What about at night when all the evil occurs?

Yes, that's when they need him the most, don't they?

I guess you're right.

Your plan is flawed, Skyler.

The batting gentleman is a nocturnal superhero.

Do you think in the batting gentleman 60s TV show, they invented the red hotline phone because they didn't want to pay for a big spotlight?

Probably.

They were notorious.

What happens if they need the bat during the day?

Do they ever think that far in advance?

It seemed to me like during that show that he was always called during the day because it's just cheaper to shoot during the day.

Yes.

Most of his capers took place during the day, don't you think?

You always would see that batting mobile come zooming out of the garage during the day.

So they single him at night, and then he waits till the daytime where it is cheaper to shoot.

Sure.

Well, he's up at night.

To solve the crime.

The television Gotham City had a much more active crime rate during the daytime.

The motion picture Gotham, it seems as if the criminals and the batting gentleman have a sort of gentleman's agreement.

We will only commit crimes.

This is all of them because vigilantism is also a crime.

We will only commit our respective crimes past.

Six spells?

Past sundown.

Yes.

Let's say, let's call it 7 PM of an evening.

Sure.

That is when the crime lamp is lit.

Only when it can be noir.

Indeed.

We'll be French for night.

And thank you so much for admitting that vigilantism is a crime.

I mean, a lot of people won't.

If I may, Scott Rick and Vika.

I will allow it.

Take a moment of the podcast you will time to say.

But watch yourself, Council.

Law plus order.

If I may address any vigilantes out there right now, please , the police and other law enforcement officials are in place to do their jobs and keep us together as a society.

I urge you, hang up your capes and cowls and stop this vigilante madness.

Frankly, when I watch the batting man movies, I don't know who to root for because they're all criminals.

This is exactly it, Vika.

They're all criminals.

I root for that fat cop.

Me too.

Bullock.

Yes, Henry Bullock.

I hope that he loses weight.

He's the hero.

For his health.

I'm rooting for him to be one of the biggest loser.

Why don't they get more fictional people on that show?

That's true.

Then cake boss could talk to them.

Cake boss.

Do you remember when the Family Feud had superheroes play against each other?

I don't.

Yes.

They had the Justice League of America play it against some other people.

Marvel?

I think I get some villains.

Oh, so the Justice DC villains versus the heroes?

Yes.

Yes, yes, yes.

Oh, man.

I wish I could see that.

I wonder if this really happened or if it's a piety-induced hallucination.

Of which you are about to base a musical upon.

The hero.

All right, tell you what, guys.

Let's take a look.

This is the crime lab, it's called.

Top 10 answers on the board.

That's a song for you right there.

The survey states.

We have to take a break.

Let's take one last break.

When we come back, we will play a little game.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back with Viagra.

Viagra?

I said back.

I thought you shouted Viagra.

Oh, no.

But you know what?

You know who's never fought for my thoughts is that Viagra band.

I love the music they make.

Are you not familiar with them?

No.

You've never seen the Viagra commercials?

From the adverts?

Yes.

The Viagra band.

It's a bunch of spellers.

They sing.

It's a very clever parody of Viva Las Vegas called Viva Viagra.

Oh, I see what they did there.

It's a bunch of middle-aged men.

They're very excited they could have erections.

Thanks for science.

Al, do you just turn off Viagra commercials in particular when you see them?

Were you?

I just, you know, I know this is crazy, but I actually fast forward through commercials.

I've never seen a commercial.

That's crazy.

I don't like it.

A lot of your early work referenced a lot of commercials, and now you're not watching.

I was just guessing.

Assuming.

Mr. Poppiel?

Ass-o-me, I know.

Really?

Mr. Poppiel?

Does he sell things?

I just know I used to date his daughter.

Do you have a ghostwriter?

I said writer, by the way, not the ghost writer.

No, no.

Although Nicolas Cage actually has been a lot of Poppiel.

In that film, The Ghost Rider, did he ever ghost ride the whip?

Interesting.

That would have been a fun thing for him to do.

It would have been really interesting.

The whip?

Yes, you're not familiar with the phrase ghost ride the whip.

I guess not.

I believe it's your automobile is in motion.

Yes.

And then at some point, you climb out of the driver's seat and you get on top of the automobile.

Who hasn't done that?

And that's called ghost riding the whip.

I didn't know what it was called.

Well, of course I have.

It has a name, yes.

Yes.

This thing you've been doing all along.

Ghost riding the whip?

You didn't know what to call it, yes.

Well, we could talk about this literally all day.

I could be entirely wrong.

But it's time to play a little something we call Would You Rather?

OK.

Please, Vicar.

We're speaking.

Have respect.

Thank you.

Vicar, please.

I understand.

As we are abolishing you, we are technically speaking during the theme song.

But it doesn't count quite as much.

Vicar, please.

All right, it's time to play.

We went back for it.

I know.

I wanted to say it with the proper intonation.

Certainly.

It was just gnawing at my brain of like, I really want to say it within that cadence.

I'm sure the audience was crying out for it to be done.

Well, I'm sure they were doing it at home.

Like, the minute I said it, they said it.

So I just wanted to do it.

Well, they would, dear boy.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather?

And yes.

And here we go.

Yes, and here we go.

How do you play this game, Scott?

Oh, that's right.

Well, people send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBVWYR, Comedy Bang Bang, or Bing Bong, Would You Rather.

And I then read them out loud.

You're free to ask any question about any of the scenarios, either of the scenarios, as a matter of fact, that you like .

Could the CBB also stand for Comedy Bean Bag?

It could.

I want to start selling Comedy Bean Bags.

Bing Bong Bean Bags.

Bing Bong, you've been bean bagged.

If you can say it, I will give you one.

If you can say it, I will spray it.

I also want the news, not the weather.

All right, so you're free to ask me about either scenario, any question you like, in order to help narrow down your choice.

I will, at a certain point, open the floor for questions.

And then you can ask questions.

But not before.

Seems fair.

Please seems fair.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning.

Regarding this.

You will not say, in about 60 seconds, I am going to close the floor for questions.

No!

Out of nowhere.

Out of no, I suppose technically this is a warning that it is going to happen.

This is the only warning we get.

OK, so there is a warning.

There is one warning.

And this is it.

This is it.

We're in the midst of it right now.

We're in the midst of a long warning regarding the fact that there will be no more warnings after this one.

So when you're saying there was no warning, that was a fallacy.

A bit of a film, white lie.

It's like a white lie.

But you are saying, but all cleverness aside, you are saying when the floor is closed for questions, it will be as if a chandelier has fallen upon us.

Out of nowhere.

Can I ask one question?

Yes.

After the floor has been closed for questions, could I just ask one more question?

No!

And in fact, you're asking me a question before the floor is open for questions, which I, you know, is, you're on my last nerve, Al.

Although not some other way.

Vicar, please.

If I do a sitcom based on Vicar, please, do you get royalties now?

I do.

I get royalties.

Anything talked about on the show.

You're overlooking the fact that Vicar, please, has been running in the UK for about 25 years.

But this is with the American version.

It's the most popular.

With Steve Carell.

That's right.

Is that what that phrase that we say in America is based on ?

Yes, that's right.

It's a parody of that?

Yes, yes, yes.

I never knew that was a parody.

Speaking of parody, oh, Yankovick is here.

Hi, Scott.

And all right, this question comes to us from Randy Miller.

Randy underscore Miller on Twitter.

He asks, would you rather be able to talk to animals, but they're all sarcastic jerks, or have pockets that are always full of pennies?

Oh, oh, I cannot wait.

Interesting question from an interesting Twitter person.

I can't wait until the floor is open.

I can't wait.

Oh, I can't wait.

Neither can I, quite frankly.

A lot to think about.

A lot to think about and have to digest.

Yes.

It's going to be all right.

Hamo.

Half a mo?

Take a huff mo.

Forter mo.

Take a hay mo.

Hay mo.

And if you haven't got a hay mo, God bless you.

No hay mo.

Hash egg.

This is really our finest work.

Can I just say that little eight second chunk?

What I love is we're just saying things.

If you want to know what this podcast is about, that eight seconds will tell you everything.

Yes, everyone takes a turn just saying things and come into their brains.

The end.

Subscribe.

The floor is open.

I have a question.

Yes.

Lord ALW.

In the scenario where I can talk to the animals.

You are able to talk to animals.

Right.

I guess we are all able to talk to animals.

Yes, exactly.

But they are sarcastic jerks.

Yes.

Can they reply in English?

Do I understand what they are saying?

What he means is, and I know what he means, which is that they reply not in English, but they reply in barks or in lizard tongues going out.

In their native language.

But you can tell they're being sarcastic.

But you can process it almost as if you had a babble fish in your ear.

And you are able to hear it in English.

No one else can hear.

Well, Dr. Doolittle from the Dr. Doolittle franchise.

So in this scenario, he's a real person.

He's a real person.

He's around and your best friend.

Because you have a lot to talk about.

Is he a medical doctor?

No, he's much like Bill Cosby.

The doctor who's Bill Cosby?

That guy.

All animals are sarcastic jerks.

Yes, which the rest of us do not know.

But they are sarcastic jerks.

Are any of them funny?

They can be funny.

Do I enjoy it is what I'm asking.

Is there ever a case in which, say this particular hedgehog , when he does it, it actually makes me smile a bit.

I think there's one or two of them that you enjoy.

Because one or two of them have the babble fish translates their voice.

And you hear it as kind of like a Roseanne type.

Sarcastic.

But it makes you laugh because it's like that voice.

Roseanne type.

May I ask this question?

Yes, of course.

In this scenario, are human beings capable of sarcasm?

Great question.

This is why we play the game.

No, there is no sarcasm in this scenario other than with animals.

Yes.

And so if that is the case.

Andrew Lloyd Webber got in before you.

Lords before Vickers.

If that is the case, doesn't the sarcasm of these animals hurt my feelings?

It's so refreshing because there is none in the world.

And you are actually the one person who goes around trying to tell everyone in the world about sarcasm.

Like, there's this funny thing.

I say something, but I don't mean it.

And I say it in a voice and with a look and a little glint in my eye that makes me funny.

And no one knows what you're talking about.

Is that more irony or sarcasm, though?

Great question.

I say, are these animals of this particular universe the jesters of that world?

Because only they are permitted the sarcasm.

I didn't want to say it, but yes, they are the jesters of this world.

And you are not able and, in fact, forbidden from chopping off any of their heads.

Now, I feel I'm being a bit of a question hog.

And this is unprecedented.

But I will allow a mo- I'll take a breather and allow the vicar to ask any questions.

Allow the vicar a heymo.

May I flip it a little bit and ask about the tinnies?

Flip the script!

Let me flip the script.

Of course!

Now, the pennies.

Yes.

Remind me again about the pennies.

What they are.

Are they small copper things used for purchasing goods and services?

Used to buy candy.

Yeah.

They were introduced because there was a candy surplus in America.

Yes.

And so they wanted to give away this candy, but they didn't really want to give it away.

Did they sell whistles as well?

They also, there was a whistle surplus.

And so they had these two things, candy and whistles.

And they were like, well, we don't want to just give it to people.

They created a small copper coin that people would trade for candy and whistles.

Now, these pennies, would they be 1909 Indian head pennies worth considerably more than their face value?

They all are a 1909 Indian head penny, yes.

Is that a D as well?

Does it have a D?

It's an S, I think.

An S, yes.

An Indian head S. They are all for Saskatchewan.

Actually minted in Canada, which makes them even more valuable.

Yes, they are all this penny.

So you are.

I wasn't quite finished answering.

I know, but I've under the garden here.

I'll allow it.

Thank you.

Shall I watch myself?

Watch yourself, counselor.

Yes, these pennies, would you say my pockets are full of pennies always?

Yes.

How big or small are my pockets?

You wear skinny jeans everywhere you go.

Oh, I like the sound of this.

Am I quite svelte?

No.

Oh.

I like the sound of this considerably less.

So sorry.

You are your proper size.

Does the program What Not to Wear exist in this scenario?

That tells people wear clothes that fit.

With the eight-sided mirror?

Yes.

Yes, it does exist.

And so I do not heed the advice of what not to wear.

You were not allowed on it because you had a fight with the producer.

Oh, I see.

Yes.

Were we friends?

You were the best of friends.

And now?

And now Dr. Doolittle has come and really created a rift between you two.

In this scenario as well?

In this scenario, Dr. Doolittle as well.

Curse that dementia-hopping charlatan.

So the pockets, not much room in these skinny jeans.

Not a lot of room, but enough room for about eight pennies.

Oh, I see.

Eight pennies per pocket.

But you keep refilling them.

As soon as you empty your pocket, eight more will magically appear.

Eight PPP.

Oh, I have a perhaps peyote-infused question.

Let's hear it.

Do pennies in this reality weigh as much as they do in our current reality?

Excellent.

No, they do not.

They're considerably heavier.

As I feared the density of these pennies is perhaps too much for the human body to bear.

Yes, you are constantly having to crawl everywhere you go because the pennies are so heavy.

In addition to my presumed palm and knee issues, do I also have back problems?

You have no back problems.

Oh.

That is the one good thing about this scenario.

Yes, you have an entirely clear back.

Oh, that's jolly good.

Yes, so if you have back problems where you are right now, maybe that applies to you.

You have knee problems since you're crawling.

Incredible knee problems.

Oh.

This is why I presumed them vigor.

That would be the downside, yes.

Any other questions before I close the floor?

Let me just remind you.

Oh, that was a warning!

Was that a warning?

I think that was a warning.

I don't think that that constitutes as a warning.

The chandelier is getting a bit shaky up there.

Oh, no.

All right.

Any more questions?

No.

I have a question.

Yes, sir.

You've made a liar of me.

By the compact of any more questions, you are required to say, I have a question.

Indeed?

I wish I could fight it.

Yes, Dr. Doolittle.

Yes.

Was a merry old soul.

And a merry old soul was he?

Certainly.

No further questions?

All right.

All right, I'm about to close the floor for questions.

Oh, no, Dr. Doolittle.

I may do it very soon.

I might do it right about now.

I've closed the floor for questions.

And as I said, there was no warning.

I've got one more question.

Oh, a classic would you rather blunder.

But go ahead.

I would like to.

Oh, unprecedented.

I was just testing your verisimilitude.

No, no, no, no, no.

I want to hear this question.

No, I will have to talk to you.

That was a ruse, Scott.

I will have to talk to you.

Ruse points.

OK, all right.

We all know that there are ruse points.

OK.

Yes, everyone knows this.

What color are the pants?

Mustard yellow.

OK.

All right, I've closed the floor for questions.

Here we go.

We're going to vote now.

In your minds, figure out exactly how you're going to vote.

Have you mulled over it enough to vote?

Like a strong wine.

Strong wine.

You'd know about that more than anyone.

Pfft.

Here we go.

All right, Al, how do you like to vote?

I'd like to vote correctly because I do not want to give the incorrect answer.

Very good.

So and I believe the correct answer would be the sarcastic animals because I see no pro side to the penny scenario.

I don't.

The rich, the wealth, you know, it just wouldn't be worth it.

You know, life is short and I don't want to be crawling around on my knees when I have knee problems already, for crying out loud.

When I have to wear mustard yellow pants that are skinny jeans.

And then if I want to buy a magazine at 7-Eleven, I have to pay eight pennies at a time.

Be there all day.

And I think I enjoy.

You'd also have to find like a coin collector all the time and have them on speed dial.

There is no upside to this.

Plus with so many of those, that particular penny, I mean, it's worth so much because there are so few of them .

They're minted in Saskatchewan.

And now there would be so many of them because the more you use them, the more you're creating them.

The more you use them, you're caught.

They just become worthless.

Exactly.

Over time.

And I think I would come to appreciate sarcastic animals.

I think I would enjoy understanding what animals said.

Especially one that talk like Roseanne, like, hey, ow.

Yeah.

And you know, I don't think they'd be hateful.

I think, you know, I enjoy a little self-deprecations.

You know, so I'd be OK with that.

I would be fine with some mercilessly sarcastic animals.

All right, well, you wanted to vote correctly.

We'll see if you did.

Lord Weber, how do you like to vote?

I vote for the penny scenario.

What?

Yes.

Why?

Out of contrariness.

All right, very good.

All right, let's tally up the points.

Al, you wanted to vote correctly.

And let me be honest with you.

You said I would like to vote correctly.

And if you had stopped there, I would have awarded you all those points.

I wondered about that.

I would have.

Unfortunately, you then carried on and you voted incorrectly.

I just went on and on and on.

You elaborated, dear boy.

I should have left it nebulous.

Comedy is brevity.

I try to be brief.

So sorry.

You can edit everything else out, though.

No, I'm afraid we don't edit anything in the show.

Yes, that's certainly true.

Al, why?

Call me Al, why?

Al, why?

You have lost.

Al, W. You are the worst.

Al, you're the winner.

Congratulations.

That's, of course, how we play Would You Rather.

As it should be.

Now, we may talk all we like over the closing theme.

Yes, of course.

Yes.

It's a new year, new rules, just like Bill Maher.

New rules.

No more of these types of people doing that sort of thing.

Yes.

You do that very well.

Thank you.

All right.

All right, guys, we're at the end of the show, practically.

The only thing left to do is a little something we call plugs.

♪ Plugs ♪ ♪ Plugs ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Get a trip to us ♪ ♪ Plugs for commited buyin' ♪ ♪ Time to fuckin' plug ♪ Hmm.

Interesting plug's name as a musician, Al.

What do you make of that?

It's beautiful.

I was lulled.

Yeah.

What'd you think of using that F word?

That's like something from the 90s.

Oh, I'm so glad they fit it in before the end.

Song was almost over, and I was thinking, where's the cursing?

That is Gnarls Darwin.

I think I get it.

Do you get it?

Now, Al is a parodist.

Yes.

What do you think of that?

Love it!

All right, good.

It's a parody of a parody.

It is.

Is that allowed?

Gnarls Barkley is a parody of Charles Barkley.

Yes.

And this is a parody of Gnarls Charles Darwin.

I say, here's my parody of it based on the situation comedy Bewitched.

Gnarls Durwood.

Oh!

Oh, I love it!

Right?

Yes.

Prince Gnarls.

It doesn't really work.

I got this.

Doesn't work at all.

All right.

Well, that plug bag is open.

So Al, what do you like to plug here?

Oh.

Well, I'm working on my Bert Convy tribute album.

It's a three- Host of Card Sharks?

Yes, yes.

Not many people remember him, and I'm trying to keep his memory alive.

I'm doing my four CD set.

It's sort of like a rock opera, a popra, if you will.

More pop than rock.

The Convy Convoy.

Is one disc devoted solely to Tattletales?

You know, it's funny you mention Convoy.

My follow-up is going to be an album with all different versions of the song Convoy.

BJ McCall.

Oh, BJ McCall song.

Great.

Yes.

Kids love this segment, by the way, the plug segment, because they get to hear the modern reference.

They sit.

They wait all show to hear things like this.

And Convoy 2013.

And new record coming at some point, and you're playing Bonnaroo.

Go to the record store right now and wait for it.

I'm still writing it, but eventually you can sit by to keep refreshing Amazon, if you don't want to go to the record store.

Just keep doing it every 5, 10 seconds.

Eventually, there'll be an album there.

Fantastic.

And any other plans for the rest of the year?

You're going to be on tour this summer or just Bonnaroo?

I've got a children's book coming out on June 25 called My New Teacher and Me, which is available for pre order right now on Amazon.

Is that a sequel to the last one you did?

Or is that a?

In a way.

Well, a sequel, I think, my first one was called, what was it called?

When I Grow Up.

So a sequel would be called When I Grow Up Again, which I couldn't do that.

So it's not a sequel in the most strict sense.

But is it the same child?

Same child, same characters, same setting.

So it feels like a continuation.

So it's like The Hangover 2.

Yes, very much like that.

In fact, my book was inspired by The Hangover 2.

It has a little Zach Galifianakis character running throughout.

What you could do is write a sequel to that book entitled Now That I've Grown Up, and then keep it hidden away in a vault until those children who have read the original book have grown up.

Yes, and be like the Michael Apted of children's books.

Indeed.

Every seven years.

Every seven years, now that I am continuing to grow.

Yes.

Still growing.

Still grow in with an apostrophe.

All done, I'm dead.

Picture of a grave on the front.

I love it.

All right, Lord Weber, what do you like to plug?

Scott, as unorthodox as this may seem.

Scottrick, please.

Scottrick, I do apologize.

I feel I know you well enough now to call you Scott, as other people do.

It feels fun.

As unorthodox as this may seem, I would like to yield my plug time to someone else.

This has never happened before.

I would like to promote something that is happening in my hometown of England.

What?

OK.

April 2nd through the 13th, a very funny comedian, stand up variety, named Paul F. Tompkins will be appearing at the Soho Theater.

Paul F-ing Tompkins.

Please.

I understand your lingo better than you think.

That's something very unsavory that you're saying.

Paul F. Tompkins, F period Tompkins.

Tompkins with an H?

How dare you know?

Sorry.

It should be with an H, but it's not.

I don't know what he's playing at.

But yes, Soho Theater, April 2nd through the 13th.

2nd through the 13th, and there is no better night at the theater.

There's no better night at the theater than seeing stand up comedy.

And take it from me, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Who would know about the theater?

I think I know a thing or two about the theater, darling.

So April 2 through 13 at the Old Globe Theater.

Yes, 2nd April through 13th April, as we say.

Yes, at the Old Globe.

Year of our Lord, 2013.

Fantastic.

And are your plugs done?

This concludes my plugs.

All right.

I would like to say, hey, come out and see me at South by Southwest.

I'll be doing some very special shows.

Reggie Watts and I will be doing a show along with James Adomian.

We'll be doing a very special show at the IFC house on the Saturday, the first Saturday at South by Southwest.

And then I'll be doing a live podcast there on Sunday.

And also a stand up showcase on Monday.

So come out and see me.

And that's all I have to plug.

So the plug bag now, let's close it up.

Here we go.

Closing up.

We dial remix.

Mingle, mingle, mingle, mingle.

Closing up, closing up.

Bug bag.

Love it.

All right.

Guys, we did it.

We certainly did.

We did.

This is an extra long one for people.

If not us, then who?

If not now, then when?

Whereforth follows the followees?

Thenforth shall it be known forevermore.

And now and until the end of times, this has been done by us, I say.

I do want to say, I forgot this during the plugs, Matthew Blanchett, thank you so much for donating $100 to CBB.

Matthew Blanchett, you got a special plug outside of the plugs.

How about that?

Thank you for sounding like a thing that is useful in contacting the spirits from beyond when using the Ouija board.

All right, guys.

Al, always a pleasure to see you.

Did I say pleader?

Pleader.

It's a pleasure to see you.

I pledge that it is a pleasure to see you.

It's a pleasure.

I'm wearing pleather pants, so that was confusing, I know.

That's right.

I wanted to sort of honor those.

Always a pleasure to see you.

And Lord Weber, come back any time.

I will.

Uh-oh.

You got a maniacal look on your face, and you covered half of your face again.

No, no.

You've done it this time.

I will come back any time I like.

I will see you next week.

Thanks, bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio, boom.com.

Ooh, ooh, ooh.

The wolf dead.
