Three of America's most fantastic comedians, Eugene Mermin, Nathan Fielder and Anthony Jeselnik.

All of them on the show together?

How dare we?

Plus a barber from Queens who's very interesting, all of that and more, all on today's As we look out upon the infinite sea and the sun sinks slowly in the west, one can almost hear the wind whisper, bang bang.

Welcome to the show.

Comedy bang bang.

Thank you so much Leland Rodriguez for that fantastic catch phrase submission.

That is poetic.

I really appreciate that Leland.

And it's comedy bang bang for another episode here.

Can you believe it?

We did one more.

And here you guys are.

We didn't quit after the last one.

I thought about it.

Believe you me.

But nope.

Decided to do one more and then we'll see how this one goes and then maybe another one after that we'll see.

And it's a great day in Hollywood, a little overcast and that's the weather report for another week.

And good.

Got that one down.

And all star studded.

Is that a phrase?

All star studded.

All star studded episode of comedy bang bang today.

Let me explain what's happening.

I'm a little under the weather.

By the way, Scott Aukerman, I'm your host.

Thank you so much.

I'm a little under the weather.

I have that flu bug that we've all heard about that's going around everyone.

And I had two different shows scheduled.

And I had to cancel one yesterday's show.

And then I had another one today, which to be honest I'm not quite really well rested or prepared for.

But I thought I would fold both shows on top of each other and bring you all of the guests that were going to be on both of those shows into just one all star studded show.

And so I call them the all stars of comedy.

I don't know if you guys want to tour together under this moniker or you know.

Thank you for repeatedly calling us stars.

I can't wait to tell my mom about it.

But let me go around the horn here.

And if you heard that in my voice, that little cough that happened in the middle of me saying here, that's going to happen a few times.

And I may suck on a lozenge at certain points.

And if you guys hate hearing people sucking on lozenges during podcasts, well pardon me.

You can turn, oh yeah sure have one please.

If you hate it, turn it off.

But otherwise there would be no show if I wasn't sucking on a lozenge.

So you all remember the show a couple of years ago where I was almost died in the middle.

And that may happen today.

But we have the all stars of comedy.

We're going to go around.

I don't know.

What do you guys say?

Clockwise or counterclockwise?

No.

Go what?

Counterclockwise or clockwise?

Give me an opinion.

I thought you were like, you already chose and I was going to go first.

I'm going to say the opposite of what you did.

Okay, so you want to go counterclockwise?

Yes.

No, no, no.

You want to go clockwise.

All right, Nathan, what do you think?

Yeah, clockwise.

Clockwise, Eugene?

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, yeah.

Clockwise, really?

You're all in a, as they would say, an agreement.

Well, what you don't understand, if I disagreed, what are we going to talk about that for a while?

So I agree clockwise.

I think I'm just a natural leader.

Yeah, I think no one wants to waste time with this decision .

Yeah.

I don't know, we could waste a little more time.

We've got to fill up time somehow.

Does anyone ever start at the six and go in both directions ?

Is that an option?

I just think we're all here to plug clocks.

Yeah, yeah.

And this is going.

The clockmakers of comedy.

Yeah, clock district on Bowery.

Swing by at eight.

Let's go clockwise and I'll describe exactly what's happening and what position they are.

Would you guys say that I'm at 12 or I'm at six?

I mean, if like, if we're looking at a clock.

I was going to put you at two, but whatever.

Okay.

So say I'm at two, then at five o'clock we have.

We should put you at 12, it'll be easier.

Yeah.

Okay, I'll be at 12.

So at three o'clock we have, you know him from Bob's Burg ers.

He has, his CD and DVD just came out.

It came out?

Yeah, yeah.

It's, yay.

An evening of comedy in a fake underground laboratory.

Yes.

I welcome you, Gene Merman.

I can't even get through your name.

Yeah, but you did, but you did.

I did.

How are you?

I applaud you.

I'm good.

You haven't been on the regular studio show.

Maybe once in a different studio.

Were you?

Oh, that's right.

That's right.

And you were up in Seattle.

That's the one I'm thinking.

Oh yeah.

And the live one.

Yeah, the live one.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Your audiences are familiar with me from those two times.

So this isn't a shock.

And from your great work in comedy.

It's true.

From the differences I've made in people's lives.

That's right.

And you're swinging around to 6 o'clock.

We have first timer on the show.

You remember him from such shows as John Benjamin Has a Van .

Yep.

Had a Van.

Probably not.

Where he played the sound gentleman.

Was that your official title?

Yeah, I think it was.

I think they called him Nathan on the show.

Yeah, my name was Nathan.

But you were the sound gentleman.

Yes.

And you wear headphones on that show, much like the ones you're wearing now.

Yeah, actually they were broken ones.

They were broken on the show?

Yeah.

And I'm spotting people in the background.

You'll recognize me for that.

And he has his own show that's on Comedy Central right now on Thursday nights.

Is that correct or is that incorrect?

No, that's right.

Thursday is 10.

Thank goodness.

It's called Nathan for You.

1030 you say?

1030, yeah.

And that's on the eastern time zone.

I think it's...

It's probably the same in both time zones.

Except Mountain Time.

Well, it depends on if you have DirecTV.

Oh, really?

I think it's just on loop all Thursday.

Really?

It plays all Thursday.

It plays underneath the Daily Show very quietly.

Very quietly.

Just like a whisper.

Half opacity.

Please welcome Nathan Fielder to the show.

Thank you for having me.

I'm very excited to be here.

Fantastic.

Thank you so much for being here.

Big fan of your work.

Oh, thank you, Scott.

That was a question.

Oh.

You a fan of your work?

Oh, no.

No.

And then swinging around to, of course, the 9 o'clock.

Yeah.

Nasty 9.

Been a friend for a long time.

Used to have him on the old Comedy Death Ray shows.

Said some very nice things at the last Comedy Death Ray show in the backstage interviews.

Oh, yeah.

You know, I listened to that, and you cut out some insults that I made.

You said some very nice things, and I really appreciated that.

That was very nice.

And you know him as the Queen of Mean.

You know him as the guy who put out a special called Calig ula, and he has his own show, which is on Tuesday nights on Comedy Central.

Is that at 1030 as well, or is that at 10?

1030 after Tash.

Boy, people love putting things at 1030.

It's the only time.

Wow.

And that show is called The Jeselnik Offensive, Pittsburgh 's own Anthony Jeselnik.

Thank you.

Thank you for...

I know you guys always ask me to be on this show, but it's nice to finally be here.

You were on a live one up in Seattle as well.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

And three titans of comedy here.

And tell me what it's like being a comedian.

It's a lot like whatever your job is.

I'm not sure.

Why are we telling it to you?

Who are we describing?

I'm just interested in this.

I'm interested in the field.

Basically, you take a train from city to city, and you tell jokes in whatever fields in a field.

Yeah, off the back of the train.

Yeah, the back of the train.

You actually tell jokes in an open train, like a hobo, but you're telling jokes to America as the train goes round and round.

It's not inaccurate.

I get to now...

I'm at a level now, Eugene, where I get to fly.

So I just walk up and down the aisle doing my act.

It's pretty awful.

And you start in first class.

You're allowed to start at the top of the plane all the way back.

Yeah, I gotta go all the way back.

It's not bad.

And then I just sit in the bathroom after I'm done.

That's pretty good.

Nathan, thoughts?

Yeah.

Well, it's much more fun than being a comedian as being a titan.

Yes.

Which is, as the titans of comedy, that's really the part that is more fun than being a comedian.

Yeah.

Have you guys ever done shows together?

Nathan and I performed in London together.

You ever hear of London?

No.

Let me search through the recesses of my mind.

We did a show.

We did several shows in London together at the Soho Theater .

How'd those shows go?

Do you find London audiences are different?

They were, right?

They were a little different.

Well, no.

They were totally normal unless you happened to do a really intriguing piece with John Benjamin.

But yeah, no, the London audiences are wonderful.

And Anthony and I have probably done lots of shows.

Yeah.

We may have all done one show together.

I think we did Whiplash together maybe one night.

Oh, yeah.

We did a show where Anthony was a comedian.

Man, the audience right now is just wishing they were at that particular performance.

Yeah, it was years ago.

It was great.

You three are three of the greats.

And that would have been an amazing night to tell the grandchildren about.

So far we've covered what's it like to be a comedian.

Can you guys ever be in the same room before?

I have no more questions.

Both of those, yes.

Yes.

So tell you what, since we now know what it's like to be a comedian, why don't we talk about each of your projects.

Anthony, you have a show called The Jeselnik Offensive.

Now if I were to guess what the show was about, I would think that it would be you and guest panelists sort of, I don't know, gleefully bashing pop culture and ripping the veil of sanctity from off-limit topics.

Are you reading the press release right now?

That is repulsive.

It's a little bit of that.

We're figuring, we're still, you know, it's a process and critics are already hailing it as the best, which is nice, always nice to hear.

The best, just the best.

Not even TV show, just the best.

Just the best, more than puppies, more than ice cream, more than other TV shows and movies and radio.

It's better than all those things.

Internet videos?

No.

Those are still...

Maybe season two.

Those are still great.

I don't know if you've seen the ones today, but they're really good.

Oh man, today's internet videos, by the way.

So good.

You got to go log on.

If you're listening to this right now, stop, just turn off.

Log onto the internet and watch the videos that are up today.

The brand new internet videos are here.

They're amazing.

Yeah.

Jack in.

That's our catch phrase in the show is log in.

Yep.

Join the conversation.

Log in.

It's good.

Tell me about the show though.

Seriously, what do you do?

The show, it's kind of like, we have to kind of put it in a box, like, oh, Tosh makes a lot of videos, what do you do?

And it's kind of like, this is like my version of a late night show.

Like I wrote on Jimmy Fallon for like a year and all this stuff they would never let me do.

I was like, I want to make a show about that.

So does it star Jimmy Fallon then is what you're trying to say.

We couldn't get him.

We couldn't get him, but I'm a pretty good fill in.

So I've done the first couple episodes myself.

We're still trying to get him.

Maybe for the back six.

Is the show called Nasty Jimmy Fallon?

We have a segment in the beginning called Nasty Jimmy Fallon.

The show is the Justin look offensive, but we start out, you see that like the title card comes up and then it's like, are you guys ready for N asty Jimmy Fallon?

Crowd goes nuts for about 15 minutes.

Good.

That eats up a lot of time.

It's so nice.

Those are too long these days.

You know, you have to put so much into them.

Way too long.

So 15 minutes of clapping and then about six minutes of just like sort of audience warmup.

Kind of.

I mean, if you would want to describe that's how Jimmy does comedy.

It's more of like a...

That's Eugene.

That's not me.

That's not me either.

That's Anthony.

I described your show back to you and then you're like, here's you attacking someone.

It's not me attacking anyone.

I'm going to like make jokes about like all the awful, like the awful news stories that you would see on like Gawker that you would forward to your friend.

Like, I can't believe this guy like killed his wife and then boiled the body for four days.

I'm going to, I want to joke about that kind of stuff.

Yeah.

It'll be like that.

You are, your whole kind of mantra is never too soon, right ?

That is my mantra.

Is that what you repeat to yourself when you're meditating?

I think it's not even never too soon.

It's like, don't be too late.

Like I just yesterday I thought of a great joke about that Brazilian nightclub fire.

I was like, I would love to tweet this, but it's, it's been two days.

I can't, it's not, it's like stale.

It's like you're trying too hard, you know, maybe make it up.

Would it still work about that thing in Rhode Island many years ago?

Because now then it's like, Oh, that's, you mean the great white fire?

Yeah.

So maybe it was Brazil specific.

It comes, it comes out.

It's not just rock clubs on fire.

See this is an art.

If I could, if you could like send tweets back through time , I would be so back date tweets.

That would be amazing.

Yeah.

Send tweets back through time.

Oh my God.

That's a TV show.

That's what I'm just a Jessel Nick offensive thing for like a quantum leap.

You're right.

Can we get started on your press release for this new show?

But no, I really enjoy reading.

Anytime you have a really particularly offensive tweet, I will search through the people you're at replies, the people saying stuff back to you.

And you know, I mean, there's the typical, Oh, you're disgusting or whatever.

But what I really find interesting are the people who follow you, who enjoy your work, but find one particular tweet to be offensive.

It's generally not what it is.

What it is is somebody who likes him retweets it.

Cause I get a lot, cause sometimes if I write something that's like upsetting to people.

No, that happens a lot.

Yeah.

That's, who's really like, you're horrible.

It's generally not that, but there are these few people who follow you, who like what you do, but then you hit one nerve that is personal to them or something where they, where they say, Hey, I'm a fan, but that's not cool.

Yeah.

Oh, well, but I mean, that's, that's kind of what a lot of what you do is like, well, everything has to be cool or nothing.

Totally.

Like I, my favorite was when, when Sandy hook happened, when the school shooting happened, I woke up and people like immediately people were like, don 't tweet anything.

Like don't say anything.

Wait, who is this?

Is this your fans?

People at work, family members, people are just like, don't do it.

And I was like, and that's like, that's almost like a challenge to me that I have to try to do this.

And I was thinking, I was like, I could just couldn't think of anything, you know, a joke that was good enough to handle the shit story that would follow it.

And P all day long, my Twitter was full of people saying, don't, don't make a joke.

You asshole.

Don't do it.

You piece of shit.

And I'm like, I haven't done it.

Why are you mad at me for something you've imagined that I could possibly do all day long?

You had a joke?

Yeah.

And, and, and it was a, it was a combination of some people loved it and some hated it was something like, let's all like, let's not blame the NRA .

Let's come together to help them build Bulletproof children or something like that.

I thought about when I was going to say, uh, we stopped talking about gun control.

What we should do in this country is legalize marijuana.

That way people wouldn't care so much when kids got shot, but I couldn't fit it in the character thing.

Right, right.

But you can post it to your Facebook page and I'm sure that would be, I don't have a Facebook page.

Well, you should get one, you know, there's a world of people you could be offending.

What are you kidding?

It's a whole thousands of moms that could be horrified.

Moms aren't on Twitter, but they are on Facebook.

Nathan thoughts.

Look at the, on the shooting.

Uh, it wasn't, yeah, I wasn't happy about that.

How about on, how about on Anthony's comedy?

Um, oh my God, Anthony is a very funny guy.

Um, I'm impressed, uh, at his joke craftsmanship.

I'm uh, very impressed by his confidence.

Sounds like you're struggling to come up with things.

I actually interpreted it as flirting.

It's probably a bit of both.

Anthony, do you ever regret anything or do you, I mean, because you're, you're actually a really, you know, I know you personally and you're a super nice guy and you're not like a robot or a machine or a, you know what I mean?

Like you're just, you're a regular person and this is sort of a stage persona and you know, in a way.

But so do you, I don't know, do you have any regrets about any of this or no, I mean, it's to me it's Twitter.

Like who cares?

You know, and someone getting offended doesn't mean anything to me.

You'll, you'll get over that.

So you'll all have a tweet that, you know, when I, whenever I tweet, I lose maybe 20 followers right away.

And then by the end of the day I've gained, you know, 80 on top of that.

So I never worry.

There's matters people get.

It doesn't bother me at all.

Right.

Yeah.

Never.

I get upset if it's a bad joke.

I'm like, oh, I shouldn't have tweeted that stupid.

I don't know why I thought this was funny, but I would never get upset about offending someone.

Right.

All right.

Yeah.

All right.

So there you go.

We'll see how long that lasts.

The Jeselnik Offensive.

Oh, I'm just, I'm realizing here that you're trying to be offensive and that's, that's a play on words.

That's not, it's like the, like the Tet Offensive.

It's like a military thing.

People are like, oh, it's cause he's offensive.

I'm like, no, it doesn't have a double meaning then is what you're saying.

No.

I feel like it might.

I'm going to, I'm going to say, I feel like it's both.

It's kind of a cool, it's like an indie, I just wanted to name my show like it was an indie rock band.

Why did you just call it Tet Offensive then?

It was taken.

Oh.

It was taken.

Fallon has it.

There's nothing I can do.

Nasty Fallon.

By the way, big fan of the White Stripes.

What do you think about what's going on in their world?

Their non-existent world anymore?

Well, just, you know, they still exist as people.

I loved his solo album, his Jack White solo album.

All right.

Great.

All right.

So I bring up a question and then shit on me for answering it.

I'm not shitting on you.

I just shit all over me.

Maybe it's the flip.

Let's, moving on to Nathan.

Nathan for you is the title of your show.

I don't know why I laughed when you said the name of my show.

It's still funny to you.

Like as if it's a joke to begin with that I'm even here.

Thursday nights, this is a really interesting idea for a show, by the way.

Can you, can you bring people up to speed on exactly what's happening if they haven't seen it yet?

Yeah.

So in this show, I'm from Canada and I used to do these like things on this show in Canada where I would kind of do like interviews with real people and try to like get into like scenes with them.

So I was trying to expand it into a bigger thing and we had this idea of like going to, if I go to small businesses, real small businesses, and I give them like very kind of risky and out of the box ideas on how they can improve their business or market themselves.

And then we actually implement those ideas and sort of in a , in a, like a Gordon Ramsey type way of like kitchen nightmares type of thing where you go to a business and go, you, this is what you can do to get more traffic in here.

Yes, definitely.

Yeah.

Like that.

And um, you know, the business owners have this kind of internal conflict you always see on their faces because the ideas have a lot of risks to them, but they don't want to hurt my feelings and say, no, I don't want to do it.

Are these genuinely good ideas in your mind or their ideas meant to be comedic?

I think they ride that line.

Well, I think they're not sustainable, but they would work in some way.

Right.

So like what's the idea in the, in the very first episode?

Well, it's probably one of the more immature ideas, but, uh , we go to a frozen yogurt shop and I say, like, you know, you need, you need some to do something to bring a lot of people in, you know, to, uh, so I introduced the idea of like having a controversial flavor, which is poo flavored yogurt.

So he's, you know, he thinks it's funny at first, but then I'm like, you know, this would get media attention and would bring people in.

People would write about this, which is true.

And so he's kind of like, okay, I guess we'll try it.

We actually go develop the flavor for real and bring it into the store.

And so you mean, you mean it tastes like poo?

We found a flavor company that actually made it and they use, it's edible.

There's no real poo in it.

Yeah, I understand that.

I'm concerned with that.

It has the actual taste of it.

How do you understand that?

Nobody would do that.

That doesn't sound legal.

Like you're like, that's a given.

I understand that.

I mean, he's saying they really happen and I don't know a lot about the FDA, but I don't think you can shit in someone's ice cream and mix somebody else's eat it.

But you can mimic the flavor.

There are like making some components.

Well, these flavor companies, I had no idea they have like, there's like a dictionary of flavors.

So they have, they know exactly how to make poo.

And so we have this and then, you know, to see if it tastes like poo, we do like, we did a focus group and one girl like guessed it was poo, which was crazy because how would anyone know?

Is it sweet?

I think we use like, it was like a, I don't, it wasn't good .

Does it smell?

You don't say.

It definitely wasn't good.

You definitely don't have to clarify that.

That's amazing.

Did it smell like poo or just because ice cream doesn't really smell.

Yeah, the smell wasn't that strong, but the taste was like, did you try it like a second?

Yeah, I did try a little bit.

It gets you like a lot.

Didn't you get a double scoop?

Yeah.

It's really good because it doesn't, the second it hits your tongue, it doesn't register.

It's like a beat later.

So there's a lot of, I mean, you know, there's Harry Potter booger jelly beans.

Yeah, but I don't think, anyway, there are.

Yeah, yeah.

They're booger flavored jelly beans and they get, that got a lot of attention.

I almost threw up there.

Sorry.

Yeah, so it's like that type of idea.

You're right.

It's kind of like shock marketing ideas or just things that it would work, but I don't know if it would help you in the long run.

You would get people into the store of like, oh my gosh, we got to try this once.

So you did this to a real business.

Yes, we go to a real business and really do it.

Has the business owner kept up with this?

Has he kept the stock of poo flavored ice cream going?

You got to watch to find out.

Oh boy.

Yeah.

And so, cliffhanger.

How many episodes did you do?

200.

Wow.

All poo flavored ice cream.

All going across the country trying to sell this weird poo ice cream.

We did eight and usually in each episode we do stuff.

It's not like one episode we spend at a business.

We do a couple, we do like two or three different things.

So they kind of run their course and it's like eight minute chunks.

I have to say that out of all ideas for television shows, this one really fascinates me and it's something I'm really interested in checking out.

You're not being sarcastic.

No, I'm not.

I mean, I honestly, like the minute I heard it, I was like, if you can get away with this, it's such an, because it's not a prank show necessarily.

They know it's Comedy Central or are you saying it's by a cop?

They have to sign a release that says Comedy Central and it lays out what the show is.

We try not to play up, even if we have to say it's Comedy Central, we try not to play up that it's a comedy show.

Regardless if they know or not, they're still in a situation where they have to really put their business at stake.

So even if they...

And you're not trying to fuck them over.

No.

Yeah.

And the thing is too, I actually did go to business.

In the show I say my background is my real background, which is I went to business school.

I did my undergrad in a commerce degree in Vancouver or Victoria and I got okay grades and I'm using that knowledge to help.

Do you say in the intro to the show, like, I got okay grades.

I want to help you with poo ice cream.

I say I got, like, yeah, I went to business school, I got good grades.

Wait, so you lied and say you got good grades.

Yeah.

Well then we show my report card in the intro and it's like , there's a couple B's, B pluses and then there's like one C.

What class was that?

Do you remember?

It was terrible but not...

I'm going to tell you now, marketing.

Yeah, I went...

Yeah, it was...

I mean, I thought I wanted to be like...

I was ready to go.

I thought I wanted to be a business guy.

And then how did you get this detour into being one of the titans of comedy?

I wouldn't describe myself as a titan, but thank you.

I don't know.

I just wanted to do it after...

It's weird.

I just stopped.

I did a lot of...

You know.

Dimitri Martin's show.

Do you not remember?

No, that was a long time.

Oh, but that was a long time.

After.

Oh, after you decided to do comedy.

Yeah, like I moved to Toronto and I just started making...

Say no more, you moved to Toronto, you're a comedian now.

You guys know Toronto?

Yeah.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

They have the needle with the glass floor in it.

Yeah, that's where you do all...

Did you do a comedy show there?

What was that place called?

CN Tower.

Yep.

Did we change the audio to make my Phantom of the Opera joke pop out of that?

Sorry.

I just went and talked to it once and I feel like I have the strongest...

Yeah, let's bring all of us down.

I feel like Phantom of the Opera was the way to go there.

What was the joke?

Say it now.

When he said Toronto, I just said Phantom of the Opera.

Even better in the retelling.

Yeah.

It is actually.

I think I don't know enough about the movie.

Because it's like it played there?

It was like...

Growing up, where I grew up, every day was commercials, like, come to Toronto for the Phantom of the Opera, as if that was the only thing you could do in Toronto.

So this is a Pittsburgh-centric joke.

Does this play anywhere else?

Other than Pittsburgh?

Yeah.

I thought this was just for...

This is just for...

It just plays near Toronto.

Near Toronto and Pittsburgh, so they were perfect.

I really believed you when you said that the Phantom of the Opera joke was great, but now that you've explained it...

It was.

I am...

It is in a certain area.

It's the best.

Let me try it one more time.

Okay, here we go.

Let's clear the palette.

We open one.

Hey, I'm thinking of going to Toronto.

Andrew Lloyd Webber's The Phantom of the Opera.

Yeah, he's right.

See, I think I had to add the...

It's about his confidence, Nathan.

Don't you see that?

You mentioned it before.

I mean, that's what it's like.

I'm offended.

Unfollow.

Eugene, you're a comedian.

You have a DVD out.

Okay, so good.

We've covered everyone's projects.

Why don't we...

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we will be right back with these three titans of comedy.

We're going to be right back with Eugene Merman, with Nathan Fielder, and with Anthony Jesnuk.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with the titans of comedy .

They all have separate projects, which are just equally amazing.

Any of them could be the solo guest on the show, and we would have plenty to talk about.

They probably should have been.

Probably.

Yeah.

And yet, life happens.

I got sick.

It was just going to be you, mano a mano, for an hour.

We were going to get into your secret pain, but we don't have time for that now.

Because we have another guest here who's joining us.

She's a...

Is it safe to say you're a hairdresser?

Nah, man.

I'm a barber, dude.

I'm a barber, man.

Sorry.

A barber.

Yeah.

We'll find out the difference between a hairdresser and a barber.

I don't mean to...

Is a hairdresser just a feminine term?

Yeah.

Yeah, man.

And I use different...

What is that?

Scissors?

I use them...

Wait, you don't know what the term for scissors is?

No, I said it.

Oh, no.

You're right.

Shears.

I use scissors and clippers.

Usually clippers and I fade you up.

You know what I mean?

And I give you braids or either way, either or.

Whatever you ask it for.

Like all you dudes, if you guys need something, I'll put something nice in the back of your head.

You know what I mean?

All right.

Great.

Well, before we get to that, let me introduce you.

You're Jazz.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Jazz.

Do you have a last name?

Yeah, yeah.

Jazz.

Huh?

Jazz Jazz?

Yeah.

Jazz Jazz?

I mean, you can go...

I mean, in high school, they called me Martinez.

Oh, because that's your last name?

But call me Jazz Jazz.

Okay, great.

Wait, so what's been going on from high school to now?

What have people been calling you?

Huh?

Jazz.

Okay, so high school, it was Martinez?

Martinez.

Then after high school, Jazz.

Jazz.

Up to this moment, now we're Jazz Jazz.

Jazz Jazz.

Okay, great.

All right.

You know, because it's just so much happening that you're like, oh.

Yeah, no, no, no.

You know what I'm saying?

You're like, oh.

I get that.

You feel that, right?

Where do you practice your barbership?

Sunnyside Queens 46 and Queens Boulevard, man.

Come out, check it out.

It's called Fades and Braids.

You know, it's me and two other dudes.

Both of them are Martinez.

Related to you?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

They're my cousins.

Cousins.

Both of them are my cousins.

So we, you know, we hook you up, dude.

You know, like if you want, let's say it's like, oh, I'm into freaking like lollipops, right?

Meaning, meaning you're into lollipops.

You eat them a lot?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You're like all about them.

Like all you do is lollipops.

Wait, so, so I would come into you.

Yeah.

And I would say, hey, I really like lollipops as a snack.

I'm into, I'm all about lollipops.

Is there anything you can do with my hair that would represent that?

Right.

Okay.

And that's when I put a tongue on the back of your head.

Hmm.

Wait, so you shave?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I, I.

A picture of a tongue as if, as if someone is like licking the back of your head like your head is a lollipop.

Yeah, there you go.

There you go.

So my DVD came out.

So you're into DVDs, right?

So I would like shape like lips because that dude talks in it.

Wait a minute, it sounds to me like all you're doing is like lips and tongue, like, like what if someone was into the Rolling Stones?

Yeah, yeah.

Like I have a mouth open singing.

What if I was like a dentist and I wanted like something in the back of my head?

Yeah.

Um, I mean, I would try to get your whole face at it, but I 'll probably just get part of a cheek.

You know what I'm saying?

Just because it's like, ah, let me try to get this face, but try to get a whole face on the back of a head is like.

That's tough.

Yeah.

Thank you, dude.

Yeah.

I'm trying to imagine what, what part of a cheek would look like on the back of someone's head?

What if I was like, I'm, I'm, I'm very, I'm a fan of Indonesia.

What would happen then?

Oh man.

I mean, shit.

There's only a handful of use.

So if I could get to it, I do.

But I try to get like, you know that little part between your bottom lip and your chin?

It's uh, it's, I think it's called, um, what is that part?

If I came into your barbershop.

Under lip?

Yeah, dude.

That's what I'd put on there.

If I told you I'm into Indonesia, you would put, that's bad .

If you're all about Indonesia, huh?

Yeah.

I would want something relating more to Indonesia.

Being frank.

All right.

Oh, okay.

So you'd be one of them kind of customers.

All right.

So that's where I'm like, I want it.

You said you did anything relating to the thing.

Yeah.

So what's your, what's about Indonesia that you love, man?

Uh, the shape of it.

How about that?

Is that, how about that?

Yeah.

What about the shape of the country?

That couldn't be too hard to shave into the back of your head.

Yeah.

Or noodles.

Noodles?

Yeah.

Come on, Eugene.

Oh man.

Sorry.

I wouldn't do the mouth eating noodles.

I would probably do a smile cause you just finished.

You know what I mean?

Cause everybody after noodles is like, so it's usually a little smirk or a smile.

Depending on like your face, if you're a smiley dude, then I'd do a full smile.

But if it looks like you're just a smirker, then I'm like, you only smirk after noodles.

So Jazz Chaz, I'm, and forgive me because I don't know anything about you.

I have no, you gave me no information.

But from what I can ascertain, you are a barber who likes to shave the shape of smiles onto the back of people's heads.

I like lips, tongues, smiles.

What you love about it, you know, like I'm trying to get into what you love.

So I try to, you know, give you more of what you love.

I actually disagree.

I don't think you're trying to really explore what people love.

I think you're just trying to shave mouths and things like that.

Does anyone else disagree here on the panel?

I mean, I'm right.

I brought up a perfectly great place.

We should take a vote on this.

Nathan, what do you think?

Are you able to do other things too?

Or is it just...

I mean, I'm able to do a lot of stuff.

I'm a barber, man.

But you won't take requests?

I'll take a request.

Give me a request.

What do you want?

I don't know.

A maple leaf, would you do?

A maple leaf.

Nathan's from Canada.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

How does that make you feel, man?

Well, would you, what do you mean?

Just tell me, well, how does that make you feel?

You know what I'm saying?

I don't know.

When you see the maple leaf, are you proud of your country?

Yeah, I guess a little patriotic.

Okay, then I'll give you puckered lips, man.

You know what I mean?

I'll put puckered lips on the back of your head.

Puckered lips?

Yeah, because you're like, I'm happy.

You're proud.

When you're proud, you'll pucke your lips.

I don't do that.

Look in the mirror, man.

When you're proud of yourself...

Nathan, let's be fair.

You're puckering your lips right now just thinking about it .

I told you to not give him an emotion because he'll turn it into lips.

So you just do this specific thing?

I do what you want.

Yes.

You don't do what you want.

I don't do what I want, you're right.

I do what you want, dude.

Right.

All right.

So I think we get, Jazz Jazz, we get what's happening here.

But tell me about your cousins.

What are their specialties?

Martinez, that dude, he rocks body parts.

He does chest, the upper body part.

He shaves people's chests?

Yeah, he shaves people's chests.

That's his lone responsibility at your barbershop.

He's shaving people's chests?

Shaving chests and back the midsection of people's bodies.

Does this happen at a barbershop?

Have you guys ever tried to shave your own chest?

It sucks.

Yeah.

20 minutes every morning.

Really?

Yeah.

That's how long it takes you, dude?

I've got a dog.

That does it for you?

No, that I...

That you shave.

That you shave?

We shave together.

Yeah, yeah.

This is a strange story.

Yeah.

Is Fad of the Opera involved in this?

It doesn't make a lot of sense.

It doesn't make a ton.

Well, say it takes you 20 minutes to shave your chest every morning.

Think how much more convenient it is for you to go into this gentleman's barbershop, have someone shave it for you.

Yeah.

And then if I wanted to know how I felt about my chest being shaved, I could just look at the back of my head and I would know.

How do you feel about it?

I think it's fair to say that it isn't more convenient to go to Queens and to shave your chest than it is to shave your own chest.

I don't know.

You're from Queens?

Yeah.

How did you...Scott, how did you guys connect?

Look, a lot of people...our publicist basically goes out there, and honestly, I think it's a terrible, terrible job that he's doing.

But he goes out there and he looks for...

Interesting characters.

...interesting characters.

And I think sometimes they're too interesting because this guy...Can you shut off your headphones for a second?

Can I?

Yeah, yeah.

Just take him off.

Don't...

Oh, oh, oh.

Yeah, just don't listen for a second.

But guys, this guy, he doesn't know what he's doing.

Are you getting the sense of this?

This is like he...

I feel like I was the first person to stand up for him.

I know.

Yeah, you were almost rude.

Yeah, yeah, I was rude.

You were rude about it.

If I wasn't simply right, I would be rude.

Yeah, no.

It wasn't completely accurate.

I asked him to take off his headphones at least.

Yeah, I know.

You know what I mean?

I didn't want to insult the guy.

No, no.

I wasn't insulting him.

I was disagreeing.

I don't know.

Sometimes disagreeing can be insulting.

I do not agree with that.

Hey, fuck you.

I think we should ask him...

Oh, oh, oh, unfollowed.

I'm going to start yelling unfollowed at people in the street now.

That should be your show.

I think we should ask Jazz Jazz if he wants to be one of the Titans.

What do you guys think?

Yeah.

Do you think he does comedy, you mean?

Or just likes to go on tour with you guys?

I think he's a Titan of what he does.

I think he's an artist.

He's specific.

He knows what he does.

He is the best we act of hair.

All right, let's get him...

Let's get his headphones back on.

What do you say?

Hey, Jazz Jazz, go ahead.

Put those headphones back on.

There you go.

All right.

Well...

I can't believe that that's what it took.

When you take something off, that means that...

You can't hear anything.

...I can turn them off.

Exactly.

AJ has a question for you.

Okay.

What up, dude?

Would you want to be one of the Titans with me, Eugene, and Nathan?

Titans?

Yeah.

You know what that means.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You guys have shields and shit?

Yep.

Yeah, we've got wrath and...

Yeah.

Most of our job is to play with Zeus's balls, but whatever.

Yeah, whatever.

That's what we do.

Is that what you do?

It's one of our jobs.

Do you love it?

Are you all about that?

If you're all about it, tell me how you feel.

It's sort of like, does a cat like to meow?

I don't know.

I'm a Titan.

I play with Zeus's balls.

I can't tell you whether it's good or bad.

It's nature.

It's just that's a tree.

I'm a tree.

Bad example.

But the cat one was good.

Yeah, I got you on the cat.

Jaz, Jaz, how would you feel about going on tour with these guys?

Yeah, yeah.

What would we do?

Well, you would clearly just only shave lips and claim it was more than that.

Yeah.

Sorry.

I'm sorry I'm so mad.

No, no, man.

I mean, I don't take it offensively.

I mean, how I feel about you if I was going to shave it on the back of my head right now?

Yeah, yeah.

Frowny frown.

Probably not.

I feel like vampire teeth.

You feel about him like vampire teeth?

Like I would do like the hiss of a cat.

Yeah, yeah.

I see.

Like you're warning him to get away?

Yeah, yeah.

Oh.

Not that you see me as a sensual vampire that you can't escape, that I'm just like I am Saxa Carney.

I'm trying to imagine you as a sensual vampire.

That no one can get away from.

That's just like just my glance is just like...

You've got like an Eddie Cullen...

Yeah, exactly.

They're going on.

Yeah.

I made a pure danger.

Sexy danger.

Have you ever been on the road with anyone before?

Yeah.

We go on like road trips with my cousins and like we hit up a bunch of different like barber expos.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Some conventions and stuff?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So we'll hit up some conventions in Jersey or Pittsburgh or like McKeesport, Pennsylvania or Lansing, Michigan.

There was one that they had like these new shears that had lights on it and we're like, I don't know.

And then we leave and then we go to this other convention and we're like, oh, oh man, they got these new clippers that got like music coming off of it and we're like, maybe we'll get that.

And then it's like, no.

And so we leave.

And then there's this one.

Oh, there's this one in Orlando.

Yo, dudes.

This is one in Orlando once they had new, what is that called?

It's like the cloak.

So the hair don't go on your shit.

You don't know what these things are called?

Your cloak, man.

It's like the barber drape or the...

Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.

Like a rope?

Yeah, like a rope, like a drape.

I don't need to tell you what it is when I put it on you.

You know what I mean?

I know...

But it would be funny if you did.

Would it?

This is a cloak.

What is this?

Yeah.

What?

Get this thing off of me.

No, no, no.

It's a cloak.

Oh, all right then.

Proceed.

Yeah, they had cloaks like that, but they were made...

They were clear.

Hmm.

Yeah.

Clear cloak.

That's interesting.

Clear cloaks.

Yeah.

So there's nothing to it, but we bought a bunch of those.

So you do have a bunch of those?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

We got a bunch of those.

Those were cheap.

And this is at a barber convention?

Yeah, yeah.

Barber Expo.

Uh-huh.

It's an expo, so they got all this new...

First I thought you were saying barber convention.

Yeah.

But...

What do you mean, man?

I thought that's what you were saying.

Why would I say that?

Well, I thought that's what you were saying at first, but you were actually saying...

But why?

Why?

But why would I say that, though?

Because you...

Why, I was wondering.

I didn't know if it was like a barber Streisand thing or something, but...

Yeah.

Yeah, you were saying barber, which makes more sense.

It was my mistake.

You know, we don't have to sidetrack.

Nah, man.

In Nathan's defense, they sound similar.

Oh.

I mean with your accent.

You slur your words a little.

Hmm.

Yes.

You slur your words.

Yeah.

When you talk.

Cool.

Yeah.

You like it?

Yeah.

It doesn't matter.

So, just one...

Do you have any...

I'd love to see if you have pictures of your work or anything.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I got...

I mean, I got...

If you look at the back of my head, that's one.

You could take a picture of it.

Can I come around back?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, go around back there, Nathan.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, what do you think about that?

Describe it for us, because we can't see it over here.

Yeah.

Well, what's that supposed to be?

No, no, you describe it.

Like, what do you think it is?

What do you think I'm all about?

It's a lot like seeing a painting.

I want to hear your...

A little interpretation before.

What do you think I'm all about?

It should be obvious.

Well, literally, it looks like someone took a razor and, like, shoved it in the back of their head for a couple seconds.

And then?

I think it...

And then turned the razor off and went out and came here.

So then, what do you think I'm into?

I guess not looking good.

Come on, man.

Come on.

Nathan, come on.

I looked.

I disagree.

Yeah, you're being mean.

Search deep in your feelings of how that makes you feel.

That's not an indication of your skill.

I wouldn't be able to...

I wouldn't expect someone who does mouths on the back of people's heads to be able to do it to themselves, because how would you see?

The mirrors, man.

So how did you do yours?

Mirrors, man.

You think I say stuff all weird?

I say Barbara and stuff.

I said mirrors.

You know what a mirror is?

You say mirrors?

Yeah.

Are you saying Mary?

Mirrors.

No, I heard you say Mary.

Mirrors.

No, I heard you say mirrors.

I didn't...

Yeah, yeah.

So you set it up like a ricochet.

So I'm looking in one, and then it makes me see the back.

So it's like a ricochet.

It's like a ricochet.

Yeah, my eyes are ricocheting off the first one so that I see what's behind me.

How many mirrors are you looking into?

Three.

Wait, it takes three mirrors to see the back of your head.

Yeah.

Nice.

Like when you go to JCPenney and you're trying on a suit.

You walk into...

You stand up and there's those three mirrors.

How often are you and JCPenney trying to try on a suit?

I wish more.

If more people came to the shop, I wish more.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Do you like suits?

I buy a suit a week.

Really?

One a week?

One a week, man.

Yeah.

52 suits a year.

Is that how it works?

That would be a great TV show.

Wouldn't that be a fun show to watch?

52 suits a year about a guy who had a different suit each week.

I would do it.

Is that what we'd do if we were Titans?

Yeah.

We could.

Yeah.

We are now.

You should literally pitch that to Super Deluxe and they would buy it.

Super Deluxe, is that still around?

No.

What if you guys did a show like Tourgasm?

Remember that Dane Cook show where they all went out on the road together?

Like the three of you guys plus Jazz Jazz over here.

You're all buying suits every week.

I would do it if it was just the four of us beating Dane Cook in golf carts and him getting frustrated.

You mean Segways?

Or whatever.

I would play a football.

I was going through all the letters I wrote to myself when I was 12 and I was trying to find the best ones to read on our show.

I think that would be good.

Is anyone getting these Tourgasm references?

Go back and watch it.

It's worth it.

How do you feel about it?

Did you like that show?

Oh my God.

I think if you were going to shave into my head I would ask for a smirk with a toothpick.

You know what I mean?

Oh, you're Latin about it?

Like I'm a little Latin.

You're Latin about it.

I'm Latin and I'm laughing about it a little bit, but I've also got something in my teeth about it.

Yeah, you can't eat through it.

No.

Right.

All right, well tell you what.

Jazz Jazz, I want to take a break before we really get into the reason you're here.

Let's take one more break and we will come right back with Comedy Bang Bang a little more after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Anthony Jeselnik, who by the way, your one hour special Caligula recently debuted on Comedy Central and an extended and uncensored DVD and CD were released on January 15th of this year.

Is that true or is that false?

Totally true.

You got to buy it to find out what they wouldn't let you hear.

Oh man, why wouldn't they let you hear it?

Because they're not cool.

Oh man.

They're not cool.

You trying to say Comedy Central isn't cool?

I am screaming it from the rooftops these days.

And we're here with, of course, Nathan Fielder of Nathan For You, very interesting show on Comedy Central and of course Eugene Merman with his CD, DVD , and evening of comedy in a fake underground laboratory.

Yeah, go buy it.

How long is that?

How long is the thing?

Yeah, how long?

His is an hour.

Yeah, the DVD is 60 minutes.

I think the album itself is like 55.

What's the five minute difference?

The five minute difference is stuff that's a little more visual that might not work in audio.

And then also there is a six minute excerpt of my pilot from Comedy Central.

So that's exciting.

How else could you see that?

I don't think I can take any more than that.

Yeah, no, it's not.

They make it a lot of six minute pilots these days?

It's an excerpt.

It's a highlight reel, they call it.

I call it an excerpt.

And of course we have Jazz Jazz here who is a barber from Sunnyside, Queens, works at Fades and Braids.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And tell us the real reason you're here.

Why did you...

46th Street and Queens Boulevard, by the way.

What's the reason you came on the show?

I'm just trying to see you guys and maybe play your albums while we're cutting hair to keep everybody...

What's this now?

Huh?

We're trying to make sure that maybe you guys can come and do your stuff while I'm cutting hair so that people are entertained.

Because right now we don't have enough entertainment as the people are getting their hair cut.

I see.

What do people do right now?

I remember back when I used to go to the barber, you'd read a magazine, like a People magazine.

That's relatable, right?

Yeah.

Yeah, I literally, when I look at people, I'm like, I relate to a lot of this stuff.

That's my thought.

If I see a People magazine now, I keep touching my hair.

Yeah.

Sure.

Because it feels weird that it's not being cut.

But do you have any magazines or anything for people to look at?

I mean, we have a couple of magazines, but people aren't into the magazines.

They want to be entertained by...

What magazines are they?

Dynamite.

Yeah, we got a bunch.

We got People.

A lot of People magazines?

We got a lot of People magazines.

Why don't people like to read them?

People don't care about people, I guess.

I mean, they're...

You know what I mean?

They want to have good times.

We try to put a TV in there and show all the Harold and Kumar movies, but they're over it.

They don't want too much plot.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, I can imagine those movies are about two hours long.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I don't want to be at the barber for two hours.

Right.

So that's why I'm like, oh, maybe I could come over here, get some of you dudes to come by and just whisper jokes to people.

Just whisper?

Whisper, really?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Like sit next to them and just kind of whisper it.

Because I don't want them to be laughing where I mess up what they love in the back of their head.

You know what I mean?

I don't want to mess it up.

Sure.

I mean, you probably don't, it sounds like, again, not to disagree with you, it sounds like you don't want stand-up comedians in there.

I do.

Because you're risking people laughing.

It sounds like you should just show the fugitive and it'll be fine.

No one will move, they'll just stay glued perfectly.

Yeah.

I mean that's always...

You don't want people, you don't want to, what if somebody laughs?

I mean just imagine the disaster.

Well, that's less it.

It's more someone physically there whispering jokes.

That's a stupid idea.

You could just play an album if you wanted comedy in the place.

Yeah.

I mean, you're the guy with the show about this.

Yeah, you literally could help this business.

Yeah, help this guy out.

Come on, Ethan.

Get him to the idea.

Come on, help this guy out.

Do what you do.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Show us the magic.

I want people to be more entertained.

Show them the fugitive.

Show them the fugitive?

Would that work?

I like the fugitive.

Movies like the fugitive.

If you want to show a movie.

Show them solid thrillers.

But these movies are too long.

What he needs is short-form entertainment.

So, Ethan, what do you got?

I just saw a great documentary called The Imposter.

Yeah, show him that.

So he could come in and tell people that, is what he's saying.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No, I wouldn't tell people that.

That's unrelated to the character.

No, that's what you should watch.

He would describe the movie.

You would come in and describe the movie.

No, no, he would describe it.

He would describe it as a fresh guy.

He would describe that story of watching it.

No, no.

Which is a pretty good story.

You've seen it?

Yeah.

It's really, I mean, just people should watch it.

It's cool.

No, not the fugitive, the imposter.

Not the fugitive of the movie.

The fugitive of the TV show is good.

But we're talking about a different thing entirely called The Imposter, which is good.

So you come over and you whisper people what it's about?

The whispering thing is like, doesn't make any sense to me.

It's a really bad business model.

Well, I understand.

I got what you said about making people laugh.

It's going to make it bad for their head.

But whispering is also just weird because what if you have to cut there?

It's honestly a bad plan.

What about, what if I came in and just like, while you're cutting someone's hair, I just shook them?

No, no, no, dude.

No, no, no, no.

Shake them for like 15, 20 minutes.

You can shake them before.

You shake them after so all the hair flies off.

What if, what if I peed in?

So all the hair that you've cut.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So you wouldn't need blow dryers.

I don't need a blow dryer.

Yeah, whatever that is.

What if I squeeze their fist and then peed into their fist?

Like while you cut their hair, would that be a thing?

Is that what you're into?

I'm not into it, but I think it would definitely be like, like you'd be like, oh, this is totally grabbing my attention.

Like, like if you're, one of the issues, I solved the attention problem.

I'm just saying that.

I mean, I understand that what you did.

And it's short, it's brief.

I mean, if I'm just saying it covers a lot of the bases where you would pee into someone's closed fist as just a thing.

I was just a business.

I would get that if everybody's, if it was winter time and people's hands were cold.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh yeah.

This is like a January, February thing.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

Great.

As long as people don't shake, I don't want to, I don't want people to, I don't want to shake.

People would sit perfectly still.

I promise.

I swear, man.

I would love to hire.

We get you in there, Nate.

You get in there.

Nate?

Come on, Nate.

Yeah, man.

Get in there.

My name's Nathan.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Come on, dude.

You know.

What do you mean, come on, dude, you know.

You know.

What are you talking about?

Come on, man.

You come by, you come by the shop.

This is what you do.

Come by the shop.

Just go like, oh, let me tell you about this imposter, man.

Let me tell you about it.

You're adult.

Huh?

You're adult.

I'm an adult?

No, you're adult.

I know.

A stands adult.

I know.

That's why I'm here, dude.

That's why I'm running my business.

I hate this.

That's the original.

Is it really?

Yeah.

Come on, man.

Haven't you seen Django?

Oh my God.

It's really bad.

Do you like that movie?

Sorry if that was racial.

Do you like Django?

Did you see it?

I liked it, yeah.

Come over and tell people about it.

You know what I mean?

I can't believe it.

I'm like normally not.

It sounds like what you really want is to get like a film critic, like Roper or something to come by or that guy who does the really fast talking movie minute in the cabs.

Yeah, yeah.

What if that dude came by and just like described whether or not people...

He doesn't describe the movie.

He just describes whether or not people should see a movie while someone's getting caught.

It sounds like what you really want is someone who describes movies, and that's literally, to be frank, none of us do that.

No, but you guys are like the Titans, man.

You guys are funny so that if they start not liking the movies that you're talking about, then you guys could tell a joke.

But not too funny.

You just whisper the joke.

No, no.

Just like whisper a joke.

Again, it sounds like what you should really get is somebody doing a one-man show that you could walk in and out of.

You do one of those?

Or no, I don't, but somebody might.

You ever think about doing one of those?

Why don't you play NPR?

It sounds like what you want to do is play NPR as I think about it.

I see both sides of this.

I'm kind of with you, Jazz Jazz.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Jazz Jazz is with Jazz Jazz.

What'd you call me?

Jazz Jazz.

Okay.

I thought you said Jazz Jazz.

I was like, that's not my name.

It's Jazz Jazz.

My name is...

That's me.

What appeals about this to you?

You understand the difference, though?

I just feel like I've gotten my hair cut before, and I'm just like sitting there the whole time.

You know what I mean?

See, I hate...

Actually, and this is true, going to the barber is one of my least favorite things, because I hate talking to the barber.

I hate sitting there in silence, because then it's uncomfortable.

This idea appeals to me.

You don't just tell the barber...

As soon as you sit down, you're like, I'm a comedian, cut my hair.

And then you have something to talk about the whole time.

I hate that.

It's great.

Normally, when you get your hair cut here in Hollywood, too , they always want to know what you do, because they're aspiring actresses or something, and so they then try to get into your projects or something.

So I just don't like the conversation.

So I actually am really...

I find this appealing.

If a Jez Jez would come over to me and just whisper jokes in my ear while I'm getting my hair cut, I think this is a great idea.

How much would you offer to pay comedians?

Oh, they get half of the cut.

Wait, half of the haircut?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So that...

It's a legitimately good deal, I mean.

They get a cut of the cut.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So not money.

No, no, no.

You cut half their hair and then half my hair.

No, you get half the money.

I could do that, too, if that's an even trade for you.

That sounds good to me.

Done, done.

I was going to say $7.

So you charge $14?

$14 for a fade, yeah.

But if that's what you're into...

Yeah, I think it makes sense.

But I mean, there is the long...

You have to whisper for longer if I am putting braids in somebody's hair.

Do you only cut men's hair?

Is there women there, too?

No, there's some women there.

I mean, I'm also here to see some entertainment so that I can bring you back to the shop.

I'm also looking for a girl to be a new barber at the place .

You know what I mean?

Well, I don't know.

Going around the horn here, I don't think any of us are girls.

Yeah.

No.

Yeah, I was hoping.

Yeah.

Sorry, when you hear a name like Jez Jez, you mean maybe.

I was like...

And then I was like, oh, maybe Nate could go both ways or something.

But then he's like Nathan or whatever.

Yeah, he goes under Nathan, but when he's a lady, he goes under Nate.

I do prefer Nathan from...

Nate.

...hero, Nathan.

Than Nate.

You don't like Nate.

All right, so you're just doing that to annoy me, right?

Nathan.

I don't say Nathan.

I say the whole thing, Nathan.

It's okay.

Nathan.

Yeah, it's fine.

Whatever you're comfortable with.

You're gonna come help me, dude?

What?

You're gonna come help me, man.

I'm not gonna come help you.

You gotta soothe...

I mean, you don't even...

You just move to Queens to whisper in people's ears?

What are you talking about?

Is this your normal speaking tone?

You don't even have to whisper, then.

I'm normally a much nicer guy than this, but you're bringing out something.

What is it?

Is it his race?

Is that what's happening here?

No, it's really that his idea is terrible.

He's gnawing at me.

I just think...

It doesn't make sense.

I think, Nathan, you haven't been listening to a word he's been saying just from the get-go because of the way...

I have been listening to it.

...the color of his skin.

No.

What?

I mean, you called him that racial term.

Adult?

Adult.

Stop saying it.

Stop, please.

It's like nails on a chalkboard.

Can we bleep this later?

Anthony, you...

Yeah.

I had a good...

I mean, yeah, I draw a line.

I draw a line.

Anthony, A2, Anthony.

I draw a line.

Yeah.

That's it.

Yeah, that's the...

Wait, what race is dolt?

Come on.

Stop.

It's the worst race.

It's Italian-ish.

It's the worst race.

No, it's not a...

Italian-ish.

Well, Jazz, Jazz, I don't know that any of these guys are going to move back to Queens with you.

I'm so sorry.

Not even the ones who kind of live near there.

I mean, obviously, I can't.

I have an aspiring career in Hollywood.

But I tell you what, it is time to play one of our favorite features here on the show.

It's time to play a little something we call Would You Rather.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

And we all know how this is played.

You can also send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR, Comedy Bang Bang Would You Rather.

Please don't send them to me personally.

Don't like to clog up my feed.

I like to keep my feed clean, you know?

I like, you know, pretty much just, you know, food trucks.

And the one comedian I follow, Todd Berry.

Food trucks and Todd Berry.

How'd you get him?

I heard he was really good.

It's great.

Still waiting to see.

And I will read the scenario out loud.

And once I do, I will then, at a certain point, I will open the floor for questions.

I will take no questions before I open the floor.

Do I have a buzzer or something?

No, you can just ask the questions.

If you prefer a buzzer, you can pretend like there's a buzz er, if you like.

Would you prefer to do that?

Just, both hands on buzzer.

You like to do both hands on buzzer.

I'm not talking around, bro.

Wow.

A lot of people do the hand on table and then slap the buzz er.

You keep it right there above it.

Okay.

I push down with the top hand.

Very nice.

All right.

I will then listen to any of the questions that you guys ask me about any of these scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice.

I will then, at a certain point, close the floor for questions and there will be no warning.

I just want to warn you about that right now.

There will be absolutely no warning that I'm going to close the floor for questions.

So once I've closed the floor, that's it, guys.

No more questions.

You're going to have to make your choice right then and there.

All right?

So try to get those questions in before I close the floor.

You will then vote.

I will tally up the points.

We'll assign a winner and it's that easy.

So here we go.

This is coming to us from Grayson S. Lewis, aka, at the Grayson Lewis and he or she asks, would you rather be the world's greatest chef but have to absorb baby souls to cook or have the ability to fly but every time you lose one finger?

All right.

So you fly 10 times?

I did not open the floor for questions, Eugene.

That was a classic.

Would you rather blunder?

I'm going to dock you.

Let's say that's about negative 24 points.

All right.

So you're at negative 24.

Wow.

Jazz Jazz, you're at zero.

Nathan, you're at zero.

AJ, Jazz Jazz, you're at zero as well.

All right.

So would you rather be the world's greatest chef but have to absorb baby souls to cook or have the ability to fly but every time you do, you lose one finger?

I've opened the floor for questions.

I feel like why not phrase it as you get to absorb baby souls to cook?

This is a no-brainer for me.

That's a good question.

Because I can always buy a ticket and fly on my baby soul plane if I was the world's greatest chef.

You have a baby soul plane?

I would answer right now.

I would if I could absorb baby souls to cook.

Are you going to answer right now?

Yeah.

It's the easiest question to ever answer.

So are you going to answer?

No.

Because you know how the game is played.

Because we haven't shut the floor down for questions.

I have no idea but I assume there was some shenanigans to play.

But you can't answer until you shut the questions off?

I'm sorry, Nathan?

What's that?

You can't answer until you shut the questions off.

Oh, no, no.

That's an even more classic would you rather be.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

He has to read the question twice and then if you ask accidentally, you're docked to all these points.

I feel it's pointless for me now.

Yeah.

Well, no.

So you lose ten.

So what happens once you lose all ten fingers?

Then you're no longer able to fly anymore.

So once you lose that tenth finger, and by the way, a thumb is considered a finger in this scenario.

Once you lose those ten fingers, you cannot fly anymore.

So you can only fly ten times and you have to sort of parcel them out.

Okay, here's the real question.

Say you always remain, say, like a few millimeters off the ground.

So really what you do is you fly once and you never touch the ground.

You never land.

You never land again.

You even sleep floating a little.

Well unfortunately, the minute you fall asleep, you land on the ground.

You're not able to keep it up there.

So yeah, you can game the system a little bit, but the minute you even just take a little  boom.

You're down on the ground.

What about like a treehouse?

You know what I mean?

What about a treehouse?

Like if you flew into a treehouse to go to sleep, you're on the ground.

If you flew into a treehouse to go to sleep.

You're not on the ground.

Sorry, any time you are resting upon a surface, that is considered to be the ground.

I'm so sorry.

But Eugene, those were great questions.

I'm going to award you 27 points.

Wait, you get points for questions?

Yep.

That's why you asked them.

So currently you're in the lead.

You're at three points.

Everyone else is at zero.

And Jazz Jazz, nothing's happening with you.

I don't know what's going on with you.

I'm just  I'm wondering if them babies are alive first or do I take a soul of a dead baby?

Yeah, are you killing a baby?

Great questions.

There's something  I'm going to award you the points for that, Jazz Jazz, because you're the one who asked it and that's going to be 137 points.

Great.

How many points does it take for me to get Nate on my shop?

I think if you get 500 points, Nate will go to your shop and do one benefit performance.

How does that sound?

No amount of points will I go to his shop in Queens at all.

Tell you what.

Let's get that wrong.

Let's take points out of it.

Whoever wins the game, that person can make any one person do whatever they want.

Great.

If that many points  I'm nothing out about this.

Would you rather  Yeah.

I think this option does give you the option of basically continuing to live your life as normal if you choose the flying option because if you don't fly  Yes, you don't have to fly.

You don't lose any fingers and you just go on living normal .

The other option, you have to avoid cooking for the rest of your life unless you want to  Unless you want to absorb baby souls.

Or baby souls.

Yes.

Now, does it change your mind, though, that you live in the cloud city in the flying scenario and that you would have to stay home your entire life because you live  Oh, so you also have to live in a cloud city.

Well, in that scenario, you live in a cloud city and to get anywhere, you would have to fly.

How do you lose your fingers?

So you would die very shortly.

Meaning you would die very shortly?

Well, because you would fly 10 times, then you wouldn't be able to fly anymore.

Then you'd be wherever  that 10th time, you would land wherever you land, be it at your own house in the cloud city or wherever else you land.

But you won't be able to open doors anymore.

Not sure about that, but  wait.

Okay.

Let me get to your question, Anthony.

How do you lose the finger?

Yeah.

What happens?

So it's really sore and then it turns purple and then it kind of rots like a bruised banana and then about  it kind of hangs off of like one little flap of skin for about six months and then it just falls to the ground and a dog eats it.

Same dog every time.

Same dog.

Oh, wow.

Once all the fingers fall off, can you get like robot hands ?

Can you get robot fingers?

Great question, Eugene, and I am going to award you 133 points for that.

So you are at 136 points.

You're still  you're one behind Jazz Jazz here, but  and Anthony, you get three points for that question.

Thank you.

And Nathan  Nate, I'm sorry.

You  I don't know that you really asked the question.

You kind of just pointed out something, so I'm not going to award you any points.

But  That was a good observation about the whole thing.

Yeah, but this is really more about asking questions.

What was your question again?

It was so good.

I awarded you so many points.

It was if you're going to have robot hands.

Yes, I am going to allow you robot hands, but only a left- handed robot hand.

On both hands?

On both hands, yeah.

Oh, not bad.

And so then in that instance, can you start flying again without losing your fingers?

No, I'm so  that  obviously I said that before.

I'm going to have to dock you points.

You are not allowed to fly after the 10  oh, I'm sorry.

I was so sorry.

No, no, but now that you have new fingers  Negative 240.

You have new fingers.

You're at negative 246.

It's not fair.

You have new fingers.

It's a fair question.

Sorry.

I clearly said you only fly 10 times, so I'm going to have to dock you a ton of  okay, so you're at negative 246.

Jazz Jazz, you're at 137.

I'm going to get you, Nate.

Nate, nothing's going on with you.

But at least you're not in the negs.

Hey, how high can you fly?

Points, please.

Great question.

I just asked the question, points.

That actually  that honestly is a great question.

I'm going to give you 138 points for that.

You're in the lead.

See, it's that easy.

Yes.

How high can you fly?

You can fly  you can fly up to 30,000 feet.

Why is it so important to ask questions?

That's how  it's in the title of the game.

I want points.

No, it isn't.

It's in the title of the game.

Just making sure I knew the title of the game.

It was like Passover.

Yeah.

Jazz Jazz, right now  no, sorry, Jazz Jazz.

I'm talking to Jazz Jazz.

Yeah.

You have three points right now.

Kind of, you know, in the middle, but if you want to win this game, you've got to really ask some questions here, so I'm going to  Do I get to pick which baby souls I get to take when I cook ?

Great question.

By the way, you had asked one earlier about do the babies have to be dead?

Do you have to kill the babies?

Yes, you get to pick the babies and you have to kill the babies.

What's the age limit?

What's the age range on the babies?

Is it like zero months to  I think once they hit the terrible twos, they're not babies anymore.

Okay, so zero to 23 months.

Zero to 23 months.

I get to take any baby I want.

And even I will consider In the Womb to be babies as well.

Is it the same  is it like a four-course meal?

Is it the same amount of baby souls as like a cup of ramen?

Or does it like depend on the meal?

It depends on how good the baby is.

This sounds like the plot of Ratatouille a little bit.

I have a question.

I think you're right.

I have a question.

Yes, but by the way, I'm going to award points for his question.

So in the instance that  By the way, you get 134 points for those questions.

You're at 137.

Wow, you're tied with Nate over here.

I thought I got a hundred  No, I'm sorry.

No, you're tied to Jazz.

Jazz Jazz and Jazz Jazz are tied.

You're at 138.

You're right.

All right, Eugene, go ahead.

So basically what you're saying is  so if you're  you 're saying if it's in the womb  You're in a big hole right now, by the way.

I know, I know.

So if the baby is in the womb, that counts, right?

Yeah, no.

Life begins in the womb is what I'm trying to say.

So what I'm saying is say you  say maybe if you get someone pregnant, you can use that as a form of birth control.

So maybe  so then, you know, and you could double as, of course, a really, you know, a very low maintenance doctor.

Yeah, you could sell it like as a romantic dinner for three with a question mark and then problem solved.

So can you  yeah, can you basically  Use it as a morning after pill, is that what you're trying to say?

Yeah.

Yes, yes, you can.

Helping more than hurting.

Yes, you can, as a matter of fact.

That is a great question and that is going to get you 246 points, so congratulations.

Dang.

You're at zero.

Yeah, you're back at zero.

Wow.

Now, can I be  so I can work at  basically I can work at Planned Parenthood.

I'm so sorry.

No, no, that's a bad question.

That's negative 246 again.

I got one question.

Yes, Jazz Jazz.

Nate, do you know the plot to Rat Tattooie?

Because they were talking about Rat Tattooie.

It's about a rat that's an abortion doctor and he's the greatest abortion doctor in the world.

That is a great question, Jazz Jazz.

Is that what it is?

I believe, yeah.

Will one of you guys come in my shop and whisper it to somebody at my  That's a great question.

That gets you three points.

Oh, I'm coming back.

Also, I don't  you might have forgot.

I do  I don't  I mean, I do prefer Nathan.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

So currently the scores are Jazz Jazz in the lead at 140, Nate over at 138, Jazz Jazz with 137, and Eugene, man, you got to try harder, negative 246.

All right.

Oh, by the way, there are no more questions.

Oh, oh.

I told you I wouldn't warn you.

Oh, my God.

Why did I wait so long to ask questions?

I don't know.

I don't know what you guys were thinking.

All right.

We've closed the floor.

We're going to have to vote.

And Jazz Jazz, I know where your heart has lied this entire time.

Where it's been lying?

Yeah.

Where it's  yeah.

So I almost don't even have to ask, but how do you like to vote?

I've got to go  I feel like no matter what the other option was, I would pick Baby Souls cooking.

I don't even like to cook, but I would get into it.

Because it fits in with your persona.

Yeah, of killing babies and not caring about them.

Right.

Yeah.

No, I meant your comedic persona, but I guess you have a different persona.

No, I don't  I really don't like babies.

Yeah.

Or their souls.

All right.

I'm going to assign you points.

We're going to keep those secret.

All right.

But I  okay.

Very good.

All right.

Nate, how do you like to vote?

Well, I was initially going to go with the finger flying thing, but I don't like the idea of this cloud city.

That's why you ask questions.

So I'm so glad you asked that question.

Yes.

And I don't really know what it means to absorb Baby Souls or fully understand it, but that sounds  Rectally.

Rectally.

But that's invisible.

So what does that  do they  No, they take on a corporeal form and you  Are you answering a question after you said no more questions?

No, sometimes you guys  It feels like you're cheating.

No, no, no, no.

He voted and I'm telling him the details.

He hasn't actually voted yet.

Yeah.

So my vote is going to  I was explaining it like they do on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, so you know their thought process.

Thank you.

It's a good reference.

Thank you.

Timely as the day is long.

So I'm going to go with the MasterChef.

MasterChef of the Baby Souls.

So both of you want to absorb these souls rectally.

That's an interesting  I don't want to, no.

I didn't know that at the time, but it's kind of a bonus.

Okay, great.

Eugene, how do you like to vote?

First of all, I don't think that it's a big deal that it's rectally.

I don't know what it means, but it doesn't sound worse or better than through my mind.

I think because it's possible to take the souls at conception of  where it's consensual, and you in a sense aren't harming anyone but the far right wing of America, I'm fine.

I feel comfortable taking an agreed-upon consensual, I don 't feel like I'm doing a bad deed.

I feel like eventually I could even potentially be helpful to people.

And so I am going to have to choose that because the idea of flying 10 times, losing all my fingers in a horrible way, living in a cloud city, it sounds  You don't like two left-handed robot hands?

I don't  Cloud city robot hands?

If I could have kept flying, I would have definitely chosen that.

I would have definitely chosen to do that.

But you were like  That's why you ask the questions.

Yeah, I know.

So yeah, basically it turns out that the flying option, losing your fingers, just too much of a bummer.

And there's an innocent way, in my opinion, to be a great chef.

So I think with those two things, I have to go with it, especially also living in a cloud city.

Where it probably is lonely because of how few other people live there, I imagine.

Now you're just kind of imagining what living in a cloud city would be like.

And honestly, that's not how the game is played.

And you didn't say cloud, and you didn't say cloud.

Like if you want to know what the cloud  living in a cloud city is like, you ask  I should have asked.

Yeah, you asked me.

Right now, I don't like the conjecture part of it.

Sure, sure.

I bet it's great.

I'm sorry.

It's great.

So I don't need you to say it's great or it's not great.

Okay.

I would prefer that you just left that out of it.

Okay.

Because you never asked.

I would have told you.

No, no.

I know.

Anyway, I'm going to take the baby souls.

Yeah, I got it.

I don't know.

You're in such a hurry.

I mean, there's no way I'm going to win.

I don't know.

You could have voted against these.

Right now, you voted exactly like these guys.

It's because it's my honest opinion.

Okay.

I appreciate that.

Maybe you get points for honesty.

I hope.

All right.

We'll see.

We'll see when we reveal.

All right, Jazz Jazz, how do you like to vote?

I like the idea of flying.

And I'd probably only fly eight times, and each of those times I'd probably just try to grab Nate, bring him to Queens, and then he has to find his way back.

But whatever, he's there.

If those- And then if I can hold onto two fingers so I can still use the things to get your hair cut.

I'm sorry.

You can get robot fingers.

Scissors?

If the two fingers are thumbs, you're actually going to have two regular hands.

Oh, right.

All right.

Then I'll get robot.

I'll do two left-handed robot.

I'll fly 10 times, so Nate can come by 10 times and then find his way back.

I mean, out of all the people here, I've been the least kind to you.

Why do you want me in your shop in Queens?

You got a smooth voice, man.

If this is your normal tone, if this is how you normally talk, then it's great.

Yeah, even you mad is really kind of pleasant to listen to.

I don't feel like you'll ever fight me.

Sometimes when it's calm like this, if you push enough, the person- It's true.

Inside, he's Mr. T. Be careful.

I'm fuming inside.

Another timely reference.

I like Mr. T.

Yeah, yeah.

I don't know of another person who ever showed anger.

Sorry.

That's my fault.

All right.

So you're picking the fly.

Yeah, yeah.

I'm going to fly.

Fantastic.

All right.

10 times.

Great.

The votes are in.

Let's tally up the points.

Nathan, Nate, and Jez Jez, you all voted for the Baby Souls , and that gets you three points apiece.

Congratulations.

So that puts Jez Jez, you're at 140.

That's tied with Jez Jez currently.

Nate, that puts you at 141.

You're in the lead.

Nathan, I prefer Nathan.

And Yuji, that puts you at negative 243.

Yeah, yeah.

I'm going to award you honesty points.

Great.

So I'm going to give you, it looks to be 383 honesty points .

So that's going to put you at 140 as well.

Nice.

All right.

So, sorry, but Nate here is in the lead here.

But Jez Jez?

Yeah.

Your tail of flying eight times and having two left-handed robot hands and using two of those fingers to snip hair with has touched me.

I'm awarding you two points.

You didn't choose correctly like these guys did, but I'm awarding you two emotional points.

That makes you the winner, which means you can get any one of us to do anything you want.

Great.

Congratulate.

And that's how we play, would you rather.

Let's hear the theme.

So congratulations, Jez Jez.

Pick any one of us and you can make us do anything.

Nate.

Wait, no, I'd like to say, I wish you would pick me.

Oh yeah?

Nate doesn't really want to do it.

I would love to do it.

What stories do you get to tell?

I don't really have any.

I would just kind of riff.

Well, see, you know the show California Dreams?

No.

Can you pretend you do?

Nope.

What is it?

It was like a show that was on Saturday morning.

It was like Saved by the Bell at the Beach.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

You like the beach?

Actually, I'm not a huge beach guy.

Would it make you pout?

Pardon?

Would it make you pout?

Would you pout?

Would I pout?

What do you mean?

If you're at the beach, would you pout?

I just, you know, I don't prefer the beach.

You're pouting right now, even as you're thinking about the beach.

I'm pouting.

I'm talking.

Just your lips are turned downward.

My lips are straight.

My lips are straight across.

Dude, your lips are pout.

I'll give you a...

If you want in the back of your head to be a beach, I'll give you a pout.

What's the point of the story of the beach and the TV show?

I just want to hear you talk, man.

So you just...

That's the way to get me to talk?

You're talking about a show?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Do you know that show?

You just want me to ask questions about it?

What do you think of surfboards?

I've gone surfing once and I got injured.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

I'm just trying to get stitches.

Tell me about it.

You just did.

More?

Whisper it.

Come on, Nate.

Come by.

Come on, Nate.

He's taking a shine to you.

If I'm in Queens, I'll swing by to just see the thing you 're doing.

You have to.

You're contractually obligated.

I'm not going to go there permanently and whisper it in people's ears.

That's absurd.

You owe me one.

I don't owe you anything.

You owe me one day.

He won the game.

I won the game, man.

Yeah.

I'm going to pay for my own ticket to Queens or something.

How expensive is a ticket to Queens?

You have a TV show.

Come on, man.

Yeah, fly into LaGuardia.

The least you can do.

Yeah, fly into LaGuardia.

If I'm in New York, I'll go.

LaGuardia, the famously inexpensive airport.

Everyone knows that flying there is practically free.

We don't charge LaGuardia.

All right, guys.

It's time for just the last thing on the show, and that is a little something we call Plugs.

Plugs are the one thing that I really love about comedy.

Bang, bang, so much that I sang, sang a song about how much I love.

I love plugs.

Mmm.

I was waiting that to maybe kick back in.

It did not remain at that even keel.

That was good.

That was Kettle Trigger.

Kettle Trigger.

That was like professional grade.

That's the name of a band?

I guess so, or a guy.

Could be his name.

I don't know.

It's a band.

We have a guy named Jazz Jazz here, a guy named Jazz Jazz over here, a guy named Nate over here, and a Yuji.

Yeah, but it's not like his name is Kettle Kettle.

That would make a little more sense.

You also played it.

That's why we thought you'd know what it was.

No, I do not hear these before we play them, by the way, if anyone was wondering that, because I like to get my honest reaction to them.

That was Kettle Trigger.

Thank you so much, Kettle Trigger.

If you have a plugs theme, send it over to earwolf.com under the comedy bang bang message boards.

Find the appropriate thread, and you can be famous as we listen to it in Kettle Trigger.

You're now famous.

Congratulations.

Yeah.

Just what we need, another band with a weird name.

I liked it.

I liked it too.

I was trying to figure out who.

I thought it was someone famous.

I thought it was like a, I thought it was listening to Duncan Sheik or something.

Oh, like someone famous?

Like Duncan Sheik?

Yeah.

Do we, you know who Duncan Sheik is, right?

Yeah.

Nate, do you know who Duncan Sheik is?

No.

I thought it was like Kismet that you found like 1979 Nickelo track he had in the release.

Interesting.

Anyway, go on.

All right, here we go.

It's time for plugs.

Let's go around the horn.

And Eugene, I feel like you've gotten short shrift on this show.

Feel free to talk about whatever you want to talk about.

We have Bob's Burgers, obviously.

We have CD-DVD.

Sure, watch television.

But more, yeah, I have a CD-DVD that came out.

Please buy it.

And you can do either the store, the internet, or the internet store.

How do people do this?

I mean, what do they do?

They go on, they, first of all, they have to turn on their computers.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

First of all, yeah.

And then you open Chrome.

And then you go, I don't know.

Some sort of browser.

Yeah, yeah.

And then you type in Eugene Merman's new album.

Do people get it from your website though, I guess is my question?

No, I think you would go to Amazon.

You would go to Virgin Records.

You could go to Tower Records.

Do you get a piece of the sales on this?

You go to your, I forget, yeah, probably.

You could play it on your XM serious radio show, and then I would get that.

That would be helpful to me.

What about like a Sam Goody?

I think that actually is still a store.

I think Sam Goody, I think I listed stores that probably are out of business.

What about where?

The warehouse.

Yeah, and also your local little record.

Go to Other Music and get my album.

Go to a college town record store that hasn't gone out of business.

Go to Newberry Comics.

Would Suncoast have the DVD?

I think they would, no, no, because I think they just have like mostly just kung fu and drama, right?

HMV.

HMV, if that's still a store, you could go there.

But you go to Amazon.

What about A&B Sound?

iTunes, you go to iTunes.

Yeah, go to whatever your Canadian, your Canadian store.

Do you have A&B Sound?

No, but it's a Canadian record store.

What is it?

I think it.

I'm not sure if it's still in business.

Go to, yeah.

Tell Chaz Chaz what it is.

Yeah, what is it?

I think it's a British Columbia based record store that, I 'm not sure if it is.

Go to Waterloo Records.

Go to Amoeba.

Swing by.

Alright, I think we've covered this.

No, no, no, let me give a few more examples.

You're plugging these stores to run your album.

Yeah, really, why should anyone buy this record?

Because they want to support these stores?

Yeah, because I'd like to have a few record stores left in our country.

And you're proud of this album?

It's a good record, it's solid.

It's got a DVD and a CD so you can watch it while you listen to it.

I don't know.

Anyway, go buy it.

Alright, fantastic.

That's my hard sell.

Eh, go buy it.

If there's a record store that's still not out of business, go buy it there.

Well everyone knows you as one of America's great comedians .

And you'll be at South by Southwest?

I will be at South by Southwest.

I'll see you there.

Yeah, I'll see you there.

And Nathan Fielder, what do we have?

Nate For You is the title of the show?

It's actually Nathan For You.

Yeah, I go by Nathan over Nate.

But the show is on Comedy Central on Thursdays.

1030 from what I hear.

1030pm.

Right after Tosh.0.

No.

That would actually be the Jeselnik offensive.

What are you after?

I thought they just played it all the time.

I'm after a new show called The Ben Show.

Which I, a guy named Ben Hoffman.

I've never met him but he seems like a nice guy.

Do you hope you never meet him or do you want to meet him someday?

Yeah, I want to meet him, definitely.

Oh, he wants to meet you.

Oh, does he?

Yeah.

Are you just saying that?

Yeah, I'm pretty excited.

Oh, cool.

Maybe you'll meet him at the up fronts.

He's fired up.

Well, maybe I don't then.

That sounds a bit too aggressive.

You can't stop talking about it.

That's a bit weird now.

Well, Nathan, I really hope that this show is successful because I think you're really funny, I think the show sounds like a great idea.

Oh, Scott.

Please.

And I want people to watch it.

Thursdays, Nathan For You, Comedy Central, 1030pm.

Turning to the 9 o'clock Jeselnik offensive Tuesdays.

1030pm.

Anthony Jeselnik, Caligula.

That's in stores, online.

And it's got, oh, the bonus features on the DVD.

Uncut Roast Things.

What?

Yeah.

Yeah, you want to hear my reaction to the whole Ryan Dunn, Steve-O, drunk driving controversy?

You can hear it.

Wow, I love reaction to things.

My reactions are some of the best.

Wow.

Can you give me a reaction here?

Yeah.

Oh my God, that's amazing.

You're welcome.

So good.

I'm going to go with you.

And Jazz Jazz.

Yeah.

Oh, Queens Boulevard, 46th Street, Fades and Braids.

Nate's going to be there.

I was really hoping you'd plug my record.

You would take that opportunity to plug my record again.

Yeah, Eugene's album might be there.

I'm going to try to swing by Blockbuster Music and grab it.

And that's about it, man.

Come by.

I'm going to hear some whispers from my man Nate right here .

All right.

Tell you about A&B Records or something.

Yeah.

Tell you about that Saved by the Bell show.

Oh yeah.

On the surfboards.

I'll forward you to that.

You should make sure you watch that show before you go over there.

It's still on?

I don't know.

He'll get you some.

It's on Hulu.

I'll get you.

You should watch a show for kids about a place you don't like.

That's our advice to you, man.

I just want to plug, come out and see us at South by Southwest.

Doing a bunch of shows out there.

I'm doing one at the IFC house and also doing a live version of this, the podcast and some other stuff.

So check out South by Southwest.com or SXSW.com I think is what it is.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, geez.

What was that?

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Is that a re- What is happening?

What's going on with the plug bag?

Let's close it before any of those songs get out, let alone the plugs.

This is someone's last day.

That's not it either.

All right.

Tell you what.

There's no way you could pipe this in later, so let's get it right.

Oh, that was tense.

Yeah.

How'd you get the bobs?

I know.

That's Ken Marino of course with Casey Wilson and Adam P ally.

You're sure it's not the bobs?

I believe- I love your references.

The 1990s acapella group.

We have Mr. T, the bobs, Nicolo.

I stopped paying attention in 99.

Friend of the show, Nicolo by the way.

He's been on the show.

Yeah, no one's saying he hasn't.

That's it guys.

Guys, the Titans did it.

Yeah.

Tightened it.

You really, you came through for me.

I am not at my best, so I thank you for just really building me up, lifting me up, and making me better.

I appreciate that.

You know, when you're in the presence of Titans, you try to do what the Titans would do, and I've tried to do that today, and thank you so much.

That's what they say.

You're welcome.

Thank you for having us on.

And Jazz Jazz, good luck to you.

Thanks.

I hope to come out.

Am I invited?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

All of you guys are invited.

Anybody can come to the shop, 46th Street, Queens Boulevard .

I mean, I'll put it on the website when Nate will be there, but in the meantime, you know, like whatever.

I really hope that at that location there is a barber shop and someone listening to this does go there, and then they ask for Jazz Jazz.

And then they actually whisper in someone's ear.

And then it happens again and again at least three to four times.

Alright fans, you have your mission.

Go out there and do it.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks, bye.

Bye bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

Dot com.

Ooh.

The wolf dead.
