---
layout: page
title: 206. Live from SXSW 2013; Michael Cera, Sarah Silverman, Tim & Eric, Reggie Watts [17656⧸23519].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫ Music ♫ Austin, Texas! Comedy Bang Bang live from Austin, Texas, South by Southwest!

You've been a wonderful son to us and your mother and I love you no matter which decision you make but we are going to need all of those peppercorns counted before dawn. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you so much for that catchphrase submission. Bruin, Bruin, thank you so much. We usually start the show off with a catchphrase like that and those are fans admitted. Bruin, thanks for that great one. You've been a wonderful son to us and your mother and I love you no matter which decision you make but we are going to need all of those peppercorns counted before dawn. It's lyrical. I enjoy it. It's evocative.

This is a, the South by Southwest festival is happening right now. If you're listening at home, if you're watching at home, that 's where we are. We are in Austin, Texas. We're kind of in the film and interactive portion of it right now and a lot of great films are out there. Most of the screenings are just sold out, lines around the block, but I did get into a great screening of Jack the Giant Slayer at the Regal Westgate 11. They were showing it. Had a lot of screenings of it, like about five a day and it only cost me about $15 to see that one but it's pretty good, pretty good. Not a lot of people in that one, strangely enough, but yep that's what I like. Tepid laughs to start off the show for a half-baked premise. Not bad. We're gonna have a great show today. We have the stars I guess of, is that what you would call them?

Stars? Yeah, oh this woman right here is like very quick to say yeah. I would call them stars. What's your name, madam? Hi Crystal. How are you? It's very nice to meet you. Are you from Austin, Texas? I'm not really interested. You hear kind of and that just says there's a long story coming at the end of that. Just a yes or no if you could.

Alright so we have the stars of Jash here. We have Michael Cera, Sarah Silverman, Tim and Eric. They're all coming out here in a little bit but first let me introduce my partner in crime on the comedy bang-bang TV show My One Man Band Leader. Please welcome Mr. Reggie Watts.

Are you one of the cameramen today? Reggie are you vining? I was I was vining for attention. Hey buddy get very comfortable. I want to see you in your showstand.

I feel so much higher than you. I know well you're usually way higher than I am.

Last night we did a show together which if you're listening to this as a podcast that'll be a Thursday episode but last night we did a show where you actually as a scofflaw you took drugs on stage. I did I took I took some drugs on stage yes. Yeah. It was good.

Really? How'd it go for you? Well it went pretty good. I definitely got up there a little higher than I normally would have but you know if I managed I managed. Do you think that's because of the elevation of the stage? You were higher than you normally would? I just noticed that I was higher yeah that's what getting high made me notice that I was actually a little bit higher than than if I were sitting on the floor.

You take drugs yes you take drugs a lot and is there ever is ever a time where you're just like this is too much this is more than I can handle? Well I mean is there anybody here there's nobody here. I mean the only drug I do is THC but I will say that it really does get you high like it really gets you high. That 's yeah that's what it's for. Yeah I guess and I'm just realizing that I was just like. Meaning as opposed to like heroin which gets you really high. Really yeah it gets you super high I just want to get high I don't get super high. No and kids you know that I mean that's a good lesson for you which is my camera here which is Reggie's and which is mine. Yeah this is mine yeah let's talk into Reggie's.

Camera two or three? Five. If you want to get high just get high you know what I mean don 't get super high yeah that's super high moderation does it easy the the last of the first duck wins the goose. And you say moderation but but you get high every single day.

Well I get I will say this I'm high at least four days a week I'm gonna say that that's a solid. From four to seven days a week. From four to seven days a week yes that's right by the way five camera shoot just like bang bang crazy right? That's crazy we we're on a TV show together which is on IFC on coming back season two this summer. Yeah is it on Thursdays? It's on Fridays. Okay. Oh they changed it. By the way I heard I heard a rumor someone one of the writers on the show told me the other day you have never seen an episode is that correct? I know I've seen four episodes. You've seen four? I've seen four. Out of the ten we made. They're amazing. They really are no because like this my experiment was was that if I don't see it's nice to not see them because then I can see them as a fan you know so I can like go what's the show like oh I know that guy.

Wait but if you're not seeing them you're not seeing them as a fan either.

Well that's true but I but but the four I have seen I've been like wow these are really great these are awesome I can't believe I've waited so long to see these that's the feeling that I've had but Netflix is really the key for me. We're on Netflix now by the way if you you know yeah a lot of people have been oh okay I'm not sure if you're fans of Netflix or the show being on Netflix it's a very confusing class. Streaming streaming. Just streaming in general technology.

Totally. Love streaming. Yeah maybe these people because this show is streaming they're just a fan of streaming things. That's true you guys are probably just here because you're stream fans right? Yeah and we're actually by a stream right now so that's right yeah yeah it's more of a river I guess. I guess it's a crick is it a crick okay what do you guys what would you call that now it's a crick or a creek we say great in Montana sorry. In Montana when things need oil do you all say... I couldn't even get that out. Let's take that again. I really regretted saying it like I regretted launching into it which made me stutter. I'm not even gonna say it.
