♪♪♪♪♪ Austin, Texas! South by Southwest! How are you?

Wow, what a reception! I cannot believe it!

People are standing. Incredible.

Welcome. This is our Live from South by Southwest edition of Comedy Bang Bang.

This is actually a special bonus episode.

This is coming out on Thursday.

It is actually Saturday when we're taping this.

Saturday evening. Great crowd here at South by Southwest.

Full house here at Esther's Follies.

And we have a fantastic show for you tonight.

We have a ton of people. People are seeing seven seats out here on stage.

So let's get to our first guest.

He is my partner in crime on the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

Please welcome Reggie Watts!

Where are all the mics?

Well, that's one thing that we, I guess, didn't talk about.

What the fuck is going on in here?

Oh, there it is.

Yeah, mics should be on all the stools if possible.

All right. Hello. Reggie Watts, how are you?

I remember this happened last year. You plugged in your thing and there was a wild humming noise.

If people listen to, ooh.

If people listen to last year's, oh that's because it's not plugged in.

Yeah, it's not plugged in. It's a part of the performance as well though.

Oh really? People come from miles around to hear your loud buzzing noise.

I'm known for my buzz.

A lot of buzz around Reggie Watts.

A lot of buzz, really? No, but really, buzz, buzzing.

What are you doing? Checking your emails?

Yeah, I just want to make sure that Felicia is going to come by the party.

Sure, have a seat if you like. Or do you like to stand?

No, no, this is good. I'm going to sit here just temporarily, then I'm going to switch back to this.

Sure.

Okay.

All right. So, whoa. What's going on with your, Reggie is showing a bit of leg, a glimpse of stalking.

Yes, I know, I'm 18th century provocative.

How are you buddy? Welcome to Austin.

Thanks. Yeah, it's good to be here.

You just got in?

I got in last night, three and a half, three forty five minutes, no three forty, three hours forty five minutes later because Chicago had horrible storms and we had no pilot.

You had no pilot?

Yeah, he didn't make it.

Really? So, just autopilot the entire way?

Yeah, they pulled the switch.

Wow.

The first autopilot.

They don't like to pull that switch, but it's so much easier.

It's way easier, turns out. But this is the first time and the plane landed great. It was awesome.

Wow, congratulations.

Thank you.

And what do you like to do when you're here in Austin?

Man, well, I like to get some, go to, you know, do the, yeah, terrific.

Yeah, you know, Barton Springs, Barton Springs.

I like to go to Alamo Drafthouse Theater.

I like to, I like to take walks.

Sixth Street?

Sixth Street.

Yeah, Sixth Street.

Seventh Street?

Seventh Street's pretty good.

What about Eighth Street?

I'm not going to knock Fourth Street either, guys.

I'm going to go there.

Bat Bridge, you know, breakfast tacos, of course, obviously .

Um, some moonshine, big, huge moonshine place.

Not really.

Uh, Texas, also.

That's also Texas.

Austin is also Texas.

Yeah.

And you and I are currently in the middle of filming the season two of the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

Yeah, that's exciting.

Very exciting.

We have about six episodes in the can at this point.

Is that right?

Wow.

That's, that's a lot.

Can you believe it?

That's a lot of episodes and we've only been, how long have we been filming?

About three and a half weeks.

No, that's a pretty good track record.

Is that a track record?

I think so.

And what's been your favorite moment from the show without giving any spoilers away?

Okay.

Well, the one where the season ends with, no.

Um, I, I, you know, I liked being a police officer.

Yeah, it's been really fun.

So you are a police officer.

That technically is a spoiler, but you are.

It's kind of, it's kind of, but it's not what you think.

I think everyone's thinking you're a police officer.

Yeah, no, it's great.

It's just, it's weird because like we go on set and it looks like the set.

It is the set, but it's like slightly different.

It's weird to come back to something that's kind of the thing that you left.

That's supposed to be the same cause it's slightly different, but it will look the same.

It's a little like coming back to your old high school for you.

It is.

Yeah.

But they've like slightly, you know, uh, made the hallways a little bit wider and the principal doesn't quite look the same.

And you, and you have a 5% bump in salary.

That's true.

And I have a salary period.

We're speaking of high school.

I didn't get paid that much in high school.

Reggie Watts, you're a performer.

You tour this great country.

When you're doing standup, do you ever worry that you're going to drop your microphone, then trip on it and fall into a trash can?

Gosh.

You know, I think I've worried about tripping on it, but I don't know about specifically a trash can.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Now you, uh, you're also a musician.

Yes.

But isn't that just a fancified way of saying rhythmic mouth noises?

Yeah, it is one of the fancier ways of the three.

All right.

I just wanted to get that out in the open.

And I noticed you have a pair of sunglasses hanging from your shirt.

I do.

What happens with that?

You put those up in front of your eyes?

I put these up in front of my eyes and they have these little arms on them so I can let go of them.

This is a new invention, but, uh, yeah, you're getting to take them off again.

And if they get in the way of the little arm thing, so they get in the way, they're hinged.

So they fold up, those glasses fold up so you can put them in pockets, I would presume?

I put them right in my shirt so people know that I've got sunglasses.

So just in case they're worried about glare on your eyeb alls.

They're like, I wonder if this guy's got protection for his eyes, you know?

Rest assured, madam.

There you go.

It eases a lot of people.

I can see like, there's like, when I go to dinner and I sit down and I have these on, it's like there's a noticeable sigh that comes from the table.

And, uh, and I've noticed I've done that enough times with and without that I know that it is because of these sunglasses.

About 50% with 50% without?

I'm going to say like a hard 48, maybe a 72.

You always give 120%.

I'm glad you did that, man.

Reggie, when do you decide to put your hair back in the ponytail?

America wants to know.

Okay, well, um, I was trying it because, you know, I was at a movie earlier.

I had no idea.

Yeah, I know you didn't have any idea about that at all, but, uh, yeah, it was at a movie.

And, uh, and I wanted to be courteous, so I put my hair back so people could see, um, on either side of me and, uh, and it worked out really great.

And I forgot I was in such a rush.

I was like, you know what, let's go Maori today.

So this is not for the people.

This is not for the people behind you.

This is for the people to the side of you because your bro sticks out in either direction that people would be like, the person behind me is totally fucked, but the other people on either side of that person stand a chance.

I noticed your jewelry, you, um, basically this interview style is just looking at you and mentioning things.

But Reggie, is that the rock from Jurassic park?

It is.

With the mosquito in it?

Yeah, it's totally that.

Uh, this will save the world someday.

This has four different genetic codes inside of it.

That's pretty cool.

This is an ancient ring.

This was worn by Mordred, uh, back in the day.

And, uh, I'm just a proud owner of it.

All right.

Well, well, we've covered your socks, your glasses, your hair, your rings.

What else do we got?

Oh, I have a, what is this?

What secrets be held here in such deep pockets?

Oh, it looks like it's a bit of a tinker.

OSHA root.

Anybody?

OSHA root.

What is OSHA root?

Explain that.

OSHA root is a label that's on this bottle, but really what it is is THC.

Oh, really?

And, uh, a friend of mine made it.

She grew the plants and she made this tincture and, uh, everybody I've given it to tells of joyous times and amazing, miraculous, synchronous things .

It's, it's good.

Wow.

Some good stuff.

Do you want to take some right now in front of this crowd?

They'd love to see it.

Okay.

They'll do this one hand and pull it off.

Yeah.

Let me hold this up to you so we can really hear the sound effects.

Here we go.

Sounds exactly like a tinker bottle.

Ah, there we go.

Now you're all going to die.

Are you high as fuck right now?

Man, that fuck could be high.

Well, Reggie, I've always said that you and I are my favorite comedy team.

Cause we're opposites, you know, we're like, we're like half white, all white.

1.5 white people up on this stage right now, guys.

So Reggie, um, uh, for those of you who don't know Reggie, you, uh, perform improvised songs sometimes. Do you have a song that you'd like to do for us?

You have your set up here.

Yeah, I do have this song.

This song is, this is going to be a made up song.

Improvised in other words.

Yeah, sure.

If you want to, you're going to incorporate the loud drum ming happening right behind this wall.

All the medieval drum core is going to be incorporated in this.

Okay.

So I'm going to get rid of this.

Okay.

Here we go.

And I'm going to switch to this microphone.

Check one, two.

Can you guys hear me?

Turn that up if you could.

Can you hear me?

Hold on.

Maybe you have to start the program in order to.

Yeah.

Arm before recording.

And here we go.

There we go.

All right.

Okay.

So here we go.

You guys are familiar with the white snake.

You're familiar with white snake.

Sure.

Here I go again on my own.

Yeah.

There you go.

So guys, he's always going one more time on his own.

Okay.

Here we go.

He's always doing that.

Okay.

So here we go.

Okay.

Let me get the beat from outside.

Very new look.

New Orleans.

Okay.

So if you get high, if you get high, I bet you can.

If you get high, if you get high, I bet you can.

Go is fun.

Get high.

If you went low, if you low, get high.

If you're too high, then get a little less high.

Over time, do what you can.

When you had a festival that has heavy amounts of copious ness and too much marketing, but that's okay.

You can just choose to not see it.

Whoa.

Velveeta room.

Estes Follies.

Velveeta room.

It's the same building.

Velveeta room.

Estes Follies is the same.

It's the same old same, same, same.

Some.

If you get high, if you get high, I bet you can.

Really?

If you get high, if you get high, I bet you can.

Really?

Super high.

If you get high, if you get high, I bet you can.

Really?

Super high.

Reggie Watts.

All right, we're going to take a break.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang and more guest stars after this.

All right, Austin, Texas, we are back here at Comedy Bang Bang Live.

Reggie Watts doing the backstroke.

Were you doing the Harlem Shake, Reggie?

Oh, good.

Did I blow up my mic?

Oh, no, no, you're fine.

I thought I blew up my mic doing the Harlem Shake.

That would be the one thing that would do that.

All right, well, our next guests are here at the festival.

They have a very funny show.

It's not only a web show, but also it's on TV now on E!

Entertainment Network.

You can see season one of this.

They're currently in season two.

Please welcome the cast of Burning Love.

We have Natasha Leggero, Rob Hubel, Martin Starr, and Ken Marino.

What's up, Houston?

Rob, this is not Houston.

This is Austin, Texas.

I missed my flight.

I gotta go.

You're supposed to be in Houston?

Really?

Yeah, there's another festival in Houston.

I also wanted to draw attention to the hole in my crotch.

There it is.

These are my favorite jeans, and I just realized backstage that probably most of you will see at least one of my balls.

If you want a picture with it after, just come up and ask.

And people listening on the podcast, just imagine one of my balls.

How many balls do you have?

I don't know.

How many balls do you have, by the way?

I've always meant to ask you.

Uh, two.

Congrats.

I had to think.

Yeah, I know.

You have to do some simple math.

One plus one.

It's hard to remember that.

Yeah, yeah.

Natasha, how many balls do you have?

I have zero balls, Scott.

Congratulations.

Well, way, way up.

Way up inside you, undeveloped.

They never descended.

I have some closet balls living inside of me.

Closet balls?

Yeah.

Sort of like moth balls, but they smell slightly different.

If you get high, if you get high.

Ken, you wanted in on that.

I could tell from, uh...

Oh my God.

I thought he was saying everyday high.

Is he saying, were you saying everyday high?

No, if you get high, if you get high.

Yeah, I mean, I think it's if you get high, if you get high .

Is your mic now taking some of that liquid?

Is that what's happening?

It's incubating.

How does that work, that liquid?

Like, where does it come from?

Fast.

That's Josh's line.

It comes from, yeah, you just make it.

But does she like boil it?

Where does it come from?

It comes from weed.

It comes from, but like, how do you extract it?

Oh, it's easy.

You just take a bunch of plant material.

You kind of like make it really small.

You heat it a little bit to activate the THC.

Then you take a little barrel of high grade alcohol and you dump all that in there and then you just let it sit for two months, shaking it occasionally.

Wow.

That is easy, yes.

I thought you just milked it.

You just jerk off a weed plant?

No, you don't try to.

He milks Doug Benson.

No, like they have little teats.

Like little weed teats.

I like that weed technology is moving faster than law enforcement can catch up.

Like they don't know.

They just don't know.

They're Reggie's in a basement extracting oils.

Travel with that.

Like they would not know.

Like vaporizers and stuff, they're like, what is that, a lightsaber?

Like they do not.

Yeah, they're kind of done at that point.

They're just like, well, good job, I guess.

I don't know.

Yeah.

Let's go catch some heroin cats.

So Martin, how's it going?

Hello.

How are you?

Good.

Good to be here.

So guys, Burning Love is back.

That's the big news.

Burning Love season two.

Yeah.

Burning Love season two is out on Yahoo.

And it's June Diane Rayfield's season.

Do you have to have a Yahoo account to watch it?

Yeah, it's not that complicated.

You just have to fill out a couple of forms, sign a couple of things, and then you can.

One thing we figured out from it being on Yahoo is that everyone on Yahoo is an idiot.

Like if you read the comments, like if you're ever bored, but want to have fun, go and read the comments for Burning Love.

It's the dumbest people.

They think that it is a real show and they are furious.

Or they think it's news.

Yeah.

They're like, this isn't news.

Why is Yahoo covering this?

Or they just are they just very in caps.

They're like, this isn't real.

And real is spelled R-E-E-L.

In which case they're right.

They're not that stupid.

So if you're bored and want to have fun, you suggest.

Yeah.

Sorry, I got distracted.

That guy was texting.

What are you texting, sir?

What's going on?

He's texting his friends who comment on Yahoo.

But they're talking shit about you at the show I'm at.

What do you got going on down there?

I was making sure my last tweet actually went out.

Did it go out?

Can we read it?

I'll read it.

How's it doing?

Can we read it?

Read your tweets.

I want us to read it.

Yeah.

This is a brand new feature on the show.

Rob Hubel reads your tweets.

I'm live reading.

I can see Hubel's balls.

Hashtag Hubel's balls.

But that hashtag is getting popular, so please use it.

All right.

Nick Faber, is that your name?

Yeah.

At N-C-K-F-B-R says...

Blew up your spot.

The Holocaust never happened.

Whoa!

Wow!

Nick Faber!

I don't agree.

Where did you get your info?

I don't like that.

That's an odd tweet for today.

I just don't like that.

I agree, but during the show?

During the show.

It's weird.

Tiny.

Random thought.

So now, Ken, last time you were on the show, you were in character doing the...

Mark Orlando.

Mark Orlando from the first season.

Why are you standing up?

Because it's recorded, so I'm just...

You're the most shameless person I've ever seen try to get applause.

Thank you.

For this crowd.

Thank you so much.

People listening to the podcast.

Thank you.

That's so sweet of you.

Thank you.

You don't deserve a bit of that.

So what's your goddamn question?

My question is, is the last time you were on, you were in character, and we had a great time.

Yeah.

And did you like that?

Wait, was Mark here?

Yeah.

Mark was here.

And now, this season, last time you were on with a bunch of women...

This year, I'm not on it.

I'm...

June's on it, and it's a bunch of guys.

Rob Hubel.

Martin Starr.

Natasha is actually in season three because we shot season two and three together.

Like the Matrix.

Back to the Future, like Matrix, like Lord of the Rings.

Like Schuyler's List.

Like Schuyler's List, two and three.

I'm very proud to be part of this franchise.

So thank you, Natasha.

Do you think burning love seasons two and three are gonna be like the Matrix two and three of comedy?

I hope not.

And Natasha, you were very funny in season one, which people can see season one on E! right now.

They're airing it during the Bachelor nights.

They're airing it right before the Bachelor.

Right after.

Bachelor ends, and then you can flip right over and watch the first season of Burning Love.

And Natasha's in that.

Natasha, no spoilers, but you play a really funny character who...

She doesn't wear pants.

Thank you, sir.

Not the Holocaust denier.

Maybe.

Okay, great.

How does it feel to play a character who doesn't wear pants ?

And we should also mention Nora Dress.

Um, it felt...

I mean, I was having fun until everyone in the cast and crew kept coming up and apologizing and saying how brave I was.

And I started to get worried that it didn't look that great .

No, you look fabulous.

Because I wore nude...

We would go roller skating and I was just always wearing like nude underwear.

But you know, I'm a comedian.

When you say nude underwear, you mean see-through underwear , right?

Not really, Scott.

It's more like, um...

They're like an opaque...

Like a flesh colored...

Is this turning you on?

Yeah.

I had to check, but yeah.

Do you have to check when you get an erection?

Do you have to look down to see if it's happening?

I have no feeling there anymore, but I just said I have to look down and then...

Yeah, I know. I've passed.

Yeah.

What is flesh colored?

I've always wondered that.

Is that like pink?

It's a little more brown.

It's got like...

It's kind of a racist term is what I'm trying to say.

It really is.

Isn't it flesh colored?

That's true.

Oh, so now I'm a racist.

It's different for different races.

I think...

They have different colored flesh colored underwear for different races?

If you go to buy pantyhose at like, you know, the drugstore and if you're a...

Hold up.

Speak from experience, bro.

Is this 1965?

When you go to buy pantyhose at the five and dime right after you get your...

Well, if it says nude on the packet...

We call them nylons.

They have nude for white people and nude for black people, don't they?

I don't know.

You started out so confident about the answer and now you 're answering the question.

I feel like I'm right.

Are there any black people here that can back this up?

Reggie?

Yeah.

There's... they only make it for white and black, not for any other race though.

So that's a new type of race.

For the top two races.

Yeah, the best.

Top two races.

Yeah, the best races.

Only two races that count.

Why would they make another... like what are they gonna do?

Like...

Asian?

Come on.

So silly.

Rob, what is your character like on Burning Love?

Is it...

Season two, of course it's...

I'm a prince and...

I am... I don't know why you're laughing at that.

Rob's character is my favorite of all three seasons.

I'm a prince and it's a little unclear whether I am actually a prince.

No spoiler alert.

Okay, okay.

No spoiler alerts?

No spo...

I mean no spoilers.

Well...

I would say yes to spoiler alerts.

No to spoilers.

You're right.

I'm wrong.

See, I've been enough to admit it.

It's fine.

Okay, great.

He's gonna be yelling at me after the show.

Ken Marino has a wicked temper.

I do.

I will be throwing things.

But yeah, I'm a prince and I don't know how to...

I've never been away from like my, you know, royal family and I don't know how to do anything at all.

Like I'm just lost.

Like I literally...

There's a whole storyline that I don't know how to wipe my own ass.

Like I've never pooped anywhere.

Like I don't know what to do after that.

He doesn't know how to turn on like hot and cold water.

Yeah.

He has people do that for him.

Yeah.

He wears a crown and a sash all the time.

And then regular like clothes like this.

Except we had prop pants without holes in them.

Yeah.

You need prop pants that don't have holes?

The weird thing is this hole is really where my butt hole is.

It's like...

I don't know why...

It's like you took the nastiest shit and it just like corrosively ate through your jeans.

Yeah, don't...

My parents are out here.

Don't say that.

I'm so sorry Mr. and Mrs. Hubel.

Or Mr. and Mr. Hubel.

I don't want to be homophobic.

It is.

Both my dads are here.

My two dads.

John Stamos and the other dads.

Martin, what's your character on the TV show?

Good question, Rob.

Thank you so much for asking me.

I totally forgot.

Growing up, Martin's character is...

When Erica wrote the script, Erica, my wife, wrote all the ...

My wife.

Or I'm her husband.

I don't know.

Her husband.

The character that I was most excited about was for Season 2 is Martin's character, which is grown-up premature baby.

Premature.

I pronounce it premature.

Premature.

He was born two months early and so he wears it like a badge of honor.

And he's always talking about how...

Made it through a rough time, guys.

Overcome life.

And it's always part of the talks that he has with June's character.

He's constantly talking about...

Well, you can...

How much I've come through in life and how much more I plan to endure.

And he's constantly talking about how much weight he's put on.

A lot.

Very, very proud of that.

A lot of weight.

Yeah, at least a hundred and...

He's closed or full.

Under here.

He's like, I used to be the size of...

Smaller than your foot and now look at that.

Much bigger.

Much bigger than your foot.

And Ken, we should say that Erica, you're white.

Yeah.

Do it better than that.

You're white!

High five!

Hey, who just came in here?

Bruno!

My name's Bruno.

That's my favorite thing is saying that it's Bruno and not Borat.

And vice versa.

Yeah.

That's an Owen Burke joke.

But Erica, she's a huge fan of The Bachelor.

Which is what, by the way, I don't know if we mentioned that, but Burning Love is sort of an homage to The Bachelor series.

Yes.

It's a satire of The Bachelor and dating shows of that ilk.

But really, The Bachelor.

Isn't where we shot it for real, is it in the same place where they shoot?

Because it looks exactly like the same bullshit mansion.

No, it's not the same place.

Although in and around that area, they shoot a lot of reality shows in Calabasas.

And we're right down the street from where they shoot Big gest Loser.

Oh.

And so every once in a while you see a lot of overweight people like speed walking.

They're called losers.

No, that show title isn't about fat people or losers, Natasha.

I don't know.

I think she might be right.

But no, Erica, she's a compulsive watcher of The Bachelor.

She and I are actually in a...

Fantasy league.

In a fantasy league together.

So some would say that you're also...

I watch it, yeah, all the time.

Yeah, so I love the little subtle things.

And she nails it.

Every character is a comedically exaggerated version of something that actually is on The Bachelor.

It's very fun.

Yeah, she does capture the little nuances.

Excuse me just a second.

Where the fuck is that girl going?

Hey!

What is happening?

What happened?

I took the risk.

I knew you were going to call me out.

I'm taking her to the bathroom.

What are you going to do?

One or two.

Are you going to one or two?

One or two.

All right, let's put a clock on this.

One should take about like a minute.

All right, you have a starting time?

I love that I don't know that person and she goes, I knew you were going to call me out.

She could tell by your balls.

She's like, that's the guy.

Your balls are like a mood ring?

Really?

She's like, oh, that's the kind of guy who's going to call me out if I have to piss.

I can tell by the color of his taint.

Rob's balls turn bright red.

He's incensed.

Yeah, so she captured the nuances and stuff of that show in a really cool way.

Yeah, it's very funny.

I'm sure you're very proud of her as, you know, not only an artist, but also as a loving husband.

You know what, Scott?

I am.

I'm proud of her for both of those reasons.

And also though, just how hard it is to make fun of that stuff because it's already so silly.

Like isn't there a girl this season who's missing an arm?

That's so silly.

I don't think that's silly.

I'm just saying the ability to make.

Both of my dads are missing an arm.

Yeah, but they usually walk side by side and so it looks like.

Yeah, so you can't tell a blind person with two arms.

They're doing it to try to create drama and sympathy.

That's all I'm saying.

Right.

That girl's not back yet, huh?

Might not be a number one.

Yeah.

It would be a bummer if she killed herself in the bathroom.

I think that may be an understatement.

I would think it would be a bummer.

She's back!

Oh my God, she's alive.

She's alive.

I was so worried that you might have killed yourself.

Oh.

Did you hear him say that earlier?

That I was gonna kill myself?

Yeah.

No.

I don't think that was mentioned.

No.

I just had to go number one.

Yeah.

Rob needs to smell your butt just to make sure.

I'm not going to.

I won't.

Should I?

You shook your head and then also nodded.

I couldn't tell if you were on board or not on board with that.

Have you ever peed faster than that?

No.

Did you speed pee?

I did.

That's dangerous.

You can blow something out.

What if you were speed pinging and your entire butthole just landed in the toilet?

Maybe that's what happened to Hubel.

That's called trunk butt.

When the inner lining of your butt comes out and it looks like a trunk.

That's not a real thing.

Who got a visual?

Show of hands.

Who got a visual of that one?

Google that and see if that's a person.

Not as many as I thought.

Trunk butt.

Look at a Wikipedia.

All right guys, well we have to take a little bit of a break.

When we come back, we'll have more from the Burning Love cast.

More Reggie Watts is going to talk into his jacket.

And we'll be right back after this.

All right, welcome back. We're here at Austin, California.

Austin, California.

Houston.

What's up, Houston?

What's up, Houston, California.

All right, we are here with the Burning Love cast.

And Reggie, this is the time of the show where you get to ask questions.

So, hit them.

All right.

When you were filming the show, the first season, which I saw and I thought was brilliant, did you have any problems?

Any problems?

And by the way, this is like emotional.

This is problems with the show, problems at home, anything.

Reggie, that's a great question.

And, you know, since you asked it, since the moment you asked it, I've given it a lot of thought.

And the answer is I didn't have any problems.

There were no problems at all happening while we shot it.

Wow, that's crazy.

So that's the rumors are true then.

What's that?

The rumors are true.

Problem free.

Okay.

Why are these contestants being controlled?

Why is this a controlled environment down here?

Where's that coming from?

Who is that?

From the people.

That's all you need to know.

Sounds like Nixon.

I'm not one of the elite up on the stage.

I'm down here with the people.

Oh, no.

Right there in the middle of the crowd.

I know who this is.

I hope it's not.

It's Jesse the Mind Bensurah.

Oh, Jesse.

Comedy Bang Bang is an inside job.

I've read the documents.

Documents?

Yep.

These people are all witnesses of what is an elitist New World Order exercise.

And when I talk about the New World Order, I'm talking about Hulk Hogan and Kevin Nash and three other guys.

Scott, why are you doing this?

Why are you upholding the Illuminati system?

I don't know, I don't think that's what I'm doing.

I'm just doing a show here.

Have you read the facts?

Maybe.

I don't know.

What facts are you...

Read them piece by piece.

They're out there.

They're available for download.

www.ventura.governor.com.

Forward slash documents.

Wait, so the former applies to that you used to be a former governor?

Why don't you just put former governor in there?

Why am I not supposed to have access?

Do you think it's strange that I'm down here and everybody who's endorsed by the major media is up on the stage?

I don't think so.

I think that we are the stage and that the New World Order is the audience.

Are you with me people?

You'll hear that, Scott.

That's purely rhetorical applause, but it's on my terms.

Jesse, come on up here.

Come on stage.

I just established it.

All right, okay.

Jesse!

Wait a minute.

What?

Not for me?

Do you want me to sit here?

I do.

Maybe I'll just do it for now.

Okay, thank you so much.

What's the matter, Jesse?

What's happening?

Nothing's wrong except we're living in a police state.

Do you consider that a problem?

Is there a booth for that here at South by Southwest?

I may be the only person who came down here from the ord inal direction South by Southwest.

I came straight up from Mexico.

I surfed my way up.

Wait, so you came north, meaning...

You came from South.

I was down in Baja.

Okay.

Very convenient.

And I surfed my way up the Colorado River and there was a b arge that...

Then I surfed onto a Free Willy style semi tractor trailer.

And I surfed my way over from Arizona.

A lot of people don't know that if you're trying to get into this country, you can just surf your way right up.

Not anybody.

I'm crazy.

I'm trained in that.

That's right.

I trained four years in surfing.

Just for being a Navy Seal.

A lot of guys didn't make it.

Kelly Slater dropped out, turned into a professional surfer .

Wait, he couldn't make it through the rigorous surfing of Navy Seals, so he became a professional.

I don't just surf.

I swim like a walrus.

Have you met the Burning Love cast, by the way?

Yep.

I've got a question for Burning Love.

What's the temperature of Burning Love?

You know that.

Have you read the NIH document that outlined Rex 84 and the conditions for what were to happen if love caught on fire?

It goes back to the Reagan administration.

They have plans.

Look it up.

The temperature of Burning Love is 890 degrees Fahrenheit, which is not enough to bring the towers down.

Speaking of the towers, you're wearing a shirt.

Exactly what does your t-shirt say?

9-11.

9-11 got doubts.

I thought it said donuts.

I swear.

If that's a remark.

It's more of an observation.

Did you notice that my microphone also has a feather boa?

Yes.

For the listener, you're wearing a feather boa, and you've taped a little piece of the feathers.

You mean I taped it.

Oh, okay.

Someone taped it for you.

It randomly caught a feather.

9-11 got doubts.

That's meant if you're eating a bowl of cereal and it's not truthful enough, maybe you should add some doubts.

Well, at least that makes sense.

So, Burning Love cast, this is Jesse Ventura.

You haven't been on the show with Jesse Ventura before.

We've never met him before.

Yeah, he's been on the show several times.

I've monitored the program.

I have a monitoring station.

I monitor it.

What does that mean, you monitor it?

You watch the show?

I'm looking for Illuminati programming.

You're just watching TV, is that what you're saying?

But I don't just passively watch it sitting on a couch.

I'm at a ready to spring position.

But you're on a couch.

I have my haunches coiled up.

When I see something on there that looks like an conspiracy .

You coil your haunches.

I coil my haunches like an old-fashioned mercury-free light bulb.

I learned that trick from Alex Jones.

It's good to be here in Austin.

I was just having a bullhorn brunch with Alex.

Were you both around bullhorns shouting at each other over brunch?

We were eating roast bullhorns.

Is that like a game head?

Yep.

So it sounds to me like you're just watching TV.

Coiled as your haunches may be.

You're just sitting on the couch watching TV?

I'm monitoring it.

What I'm looking for is signs of programming.

Oops, there's another Illuminati mind-controlled sex slave.

That's what I'm thinking when I see Wolf Blitzer in the situation.

I don't think he's a mind-controlled sex slave.

You may not get the same look that I'm getting.

Look closer.

Yeah, I will.

Those eyes are as desperate as Rihanna's.

Blister's asking for it.

That beard holds secrets.

Maybe so.

So what brings you here to Austin?

Well, I'm not here courtesy of IFC.

I'm here courtesy of TruTV.

Oh, okay, that's right.

Where do you have your show?

Sneak Attack?

What is it called?

Conspiracy Theory.

Sneak Attack?

Sneak Attack is...

That sounds like a good show.

That is my spin-off program.

Are we part of Sneak Attack right now?

Yep, I always enter from the back.

I always...

Whatever it is.

You just infiltrate podcasts?

Not just podcasts.

I'm not going to give you the full intelligence on what the operation is.

Whatever it is.

It is a military-grade operation.

Whatever he does, he enters from the back.

Sneak Attack.

Yep.

That's an entendre level of two.

I'm counting it.

I'm monitoring it right there.

You're not monitoring anything.

You're listening to me talk.

I'm seeing right now is some Freemasonic programming.

You're pointing at my body right now.

I don't know what that means.

I'm not just pointing at your body.

I have radioscopic telepathy.

That's how you pronounce it.

Telepathy.

You say telepathy.

I say telepathy.

No, it's the opposite.

Let's have a pitched battle.

Guys, I have a question.

I want to invite everybody to come down to the TruTV bunker .

We're giving away free...

Sneak Attacks.

We're giving away non-live ammunition.

We're giving away blanks that say, Tune In or Drop Dead.

That's the important thing.

You had a question though?

Well, yeah, I was just...

What was it like shooting Predator?

That was like a great movie.

Well, I'm one of the few people alive that you're ever going to encounter who has shot a predator.

I hunted them like big game.

I went down there.

Maybe you don't know this.

Predator is an documentary.

Wait, what?

We lost control of the project.

I didn't get my chest blown out.

That was CGI.

They wanted me out of the picture.

The predators are real.

I saw them.

I'm almost positive they're not.

Are you sure?

Are you positive?

No, I just said I'm almost positive.

Yep.

Well, that's a look like it says, Got Doubts.

That sounds like a doubt.

Is that a...

Which we put in the ground and it grows into a truth plant.

Did you see that new Predator thing with Adrien Brody?

You see that one?

I think that's another fiction on top of a fiction.

I might as well sit down and listen to a Hillary Clinton speech.

Why would I do that?

I might as well listen to what the Vince McMahon's saying about whistle mania.

I know lies when I decide their lies.

You and Vince McMahon had a falling out.

Is that what happened?

I wasn't a falling out.

I pushed him.

He fell out.

Jesse, I'm concerned about your gut.

You are the heaviest I've ever seen you at this point.

You don't look healthy.

It's what it will.

Let me tell you, this is just padding.

I'm in disguise as myself.

Oh wow.

I'm trying to fool facial recognition technology.

They also have torso recognition technology.

I'm in deep cover.

I'm not going out in public with the Austin Police Department taking pictures of me.

No way, Jose.

You'll notice that I'm wearing the part of a goblin mask on top of my head.

I did notice that.

With the face cut out.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I did notice that.

That way when you're tagging me on Facebook it's showing up as Cryptkeeper, not the governor and current truth teller.

All right, Jesse.

Well, I thank you for coming here.

It sounds like that's a transition.

It is sort of transitional in the sense that we need to take a break and then come back, but you'll stay, right?

How do you know that I'm going to stay?

I have to go interrupt the Twitter Tumblr Live event.

Twitter and Tumblr have joined forces?

It's a rumble.

It's a royal rumble.

A royal tumble?

It's a royal tumble to the finish.

All right, well I hope you'll stay, but in case you don't, thank you very much.

I'm going to have to confer with Alex Jones and see what he says because he has a petty cap outside.

He's been riding around the block.

I got to see if he can wait.

I might come back.

Very well.

Jesse the Mind Mincher.

All right, we'll be right back after this break with Rob Burning Law.

People, where are you going, man?

Where are you going?

Welcome back to the show.

We are here with the Burning Law.

What's up, Houston?

What's up, Houston, California.

Jesse the Mind Mincher.

Reggie Watts.

Yep.

And it's that time of show, guys.

It's our final segment on the show and it's time to play one of our favorite games.

It's time to play a little something we call Would You Rather.

What's up, Houston?

Shut up.

Kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss.

Kiss, kiss, kiss.

Dan Marino and Jesse the Mind Mincher just kissed for some unexplainable reason during the Would You Rather theme.

So what a chant suggested it.

I can't deny a chant.

It's time to play.

Now people are chanting, fuck, come on.

It's not that kind of a show.

Oh, they're doing it.

Sneak attack.

From the back door.

That guy got a good shot of that.

It's already gone viral.

All right, guys, we all know how this is played.

People sent me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBYR, not my own personal Twitter.

If you send them to my personal Twitter, they'll get put in the Would You Rather pile, which we all know is not a pile of Would You Rather submissions from which I cull.

It is in fact a pile of Would You Rather submissions, which I can throw away.

So unlike a wood pile, where you would take wood from a wood pile and use it in your fireplace, this Would You Rather pile is a pile of discarding.

♪ Would you get high ♪ ♪ Would you get high ♪ So now that that is clear.

That sounds less fair than the United States election process.

Political.

I'll read it out loud and then I'll open the floor for questions.

You are free to ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios in order to help kind of narrow down your choice.

At a certain point, there will be no warning, but I will close the floor for questions, okay?

And then we'll vote and then we'll talk.

What will be that point?

There will be no warning, but at some point, I just want to warn you, we're gonna close the floor.

So we get a warning?

We're warned now.

That was a warning.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

That was a warning.

This is no warning.

Technically.

So we're done.

No, no, no, no, no.

Is that the end of it?

We don't even know what the options are.

All right, so I think that's clear.

Does someone have a cricket thing that they keep playing?

Nope, that's really comedy failing.

Is that just the sound I hear in my head constantly?

All right, here we go.

This comes to us from Gregory the Grape.

Gregory the Grape on Twitter asks, would you rather have sting songs blare out of your butth ole whenever you try to make love or have to be vaginally reborn every morning?

Would you rather have sting songs blare out of your butth ole whenever you try to make love or have to be vaginally reborn every morning?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Yes, Dan.

Sting when he was in the police or just sting any any sting song?

Well, they would say police, so it seems like...

Well, but his name was Sting.

It's like Dream of the Blue Turtles bullshit.

Right, right, like I'm an Englishman in New York coming out of my ass while I'm...

I will allow it, but watch yourself, counselor.

But no, it's Sting solo.

When I'm reborn, am I reborn this size or baby size?

You are reborn this size.

And from your mother?

No, in fact, because you're so large now, you kill the woman that you're born out of every single day .

You just blast her vagina to pieces.

All right.

She's laying there in a bloody mess.

You turn to her, at first you felt really bad about it.

You were like, oh, this life, maybe I should kill myself.

But now you're sort of used to it and you're like, sorry, bro.

Just collateral damage.

Exactly.

And you move on.

Exactly, yes.

I have a question if I'm making love and Sting comes out of my anus.

Does he put me in a scorpion leg lock?

I think you're misunderstanding.

It's not that...

Well, I appreciate the pun.

Sting himself is not coming out of it.

Do you have a problem with the World Wrestling Federation getting into the action with the National Wrestling Alliance?

I don't have any problem with that, no.

But what I'm saying is Sting doesn't come out of your butth ole.

Sting songs are blasted out of your butthole.

The musician.

Not the wrestler.

Gordon Sumner.

Yeah, Gordon Sumner.

Yes, Natasha.

There's no substance attached to these songs.

Meaning fecal matter or...

I don't know.

Or a scent.

Is there a scent?

There is the scent of Sting making love for hours at a time .

So like a musky kind of musky...

Toot-fruity?

Kind of mixed with Trudy style.

Eyefalutin musky smell.

Tantric.

Yeah, just a tantric smell.

A mess.

Yeah, exactly.

Does he have a tag team partner in Lex Ruger?

You don't...

This is Sting the musician.

I don't care about his side projects.

I want to know if I have to be ready for physical combat.

This question is not up your alley.

Martin, did you have a question?

No, I think they answered...

You got...

I'm good, yeah.

I think the answer is clear.

You think the answer is clear?

Really?

Well, look.

I don't want anybody's vagina to just blow up every time I came out of it in the morning.

I certainly don't want to kill anybody when they come out of their vagina.

Well, who is it?

In my life.

So you have two opposite points of view here.

Yes, Martin.

The same is it the same...

Who is the...

Who are the women?

I assume now.

Who are the women you're having sex with?

No, no, no, no.

Wait, we have sex with the mom that's birthing us?

That's how you give birth the next day is you have to have sex.

You have to find a different woman to have sex with every single night.

Otherwise you die.

And then you kill them.

You have sex with her.

You then go completely inside her vagina, not just your penis.

When you ejaculate, you kind of like burst inside her vagina.

She goes immediately to sleep.

She wakes up in the morning.

You come out fresh as the day is born.

Are liaisons with transgendered persons valid?

For you, I'll allow it.

Could you have a vaginal duct that's custom constructed to minimize the damage?

Are you talking about scooping out someone's taint?

I'm talking about a major engineering project to minimize casualties.

All right, sure.

Yes.

You're talking about creating jobs.

That's the platform I ran on and I'm continuing to deliver on that promise.

What if it's a WNBA player?

What if the vagina is big enough to say...

What does that mean?

Is there a big team in Austin?

Just because they're tall, you think their vaginas are cavernous?

No.

Clearly I don't.

But what if one of them had one big enough?

Sure.

If you're able to seduce the members of the WNBA...

Just one.

All you need is one, right?

Because then she lives and you fall in love with her.

If she is willing to have sex with you every night and give birth to you, go through the pain of childbirth every day.

Yeah.

Right before a game?

I don't know.

Are you going to find that special WNBA player?

I'll support her from then on.

Monitarily?

And other ways perhaps.

What other ways?

Physically.

Physically, just support her.

Just hold her up.

So hold her up.

Okay.

Scott, I feel like this question is a little different for women.

Yeah, that is true.

So what exactly would I be...

How would I be fucking this person?

Use a strap-on.

I use a strap-on.

And then what happens if they...

It'd be like the very last scene in Requiem for a Dream.

Spoiler alert!

Hey, Ken!

You're right!

You got it, buddy.

Congrats, buddy.

That was close!

I didn't think I was going to make it this time.

You almost stuck the landing, but there you go.

Yeah, so it's exactly like that.

So, yeah.

But first, you know, you go downtown a little bit.

Just a little bit.

Is it sex or is it making love?

That's a great question, Ken.

I wonder.

You know, I mean, do any of us really love each other in the end?

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Well, it's pretty clear.

Watch this ritual.

Yeah.

Wait a minute.

Can you ask for that?

Did we answer that one already?

Yeah.

I don't trust what's going on.

Just in general, that's just your blanket statement.

Yep, that starts to sound like the builder burgers building a burger.

Is that really how they started?

Just a couple of musical yuppin'.

Wait, they had like a, they had a build your own burger restaurant?

It was a cookout and it turned into the global conspiracy that brought humanity to its knees.

I didn't realize we were on our knees.

Yep, they have a full nelson on us.

We're right where our hands are going limp, but there's still one chance for it to stay up.

Triumphantly.

Yeah.

Reggie, you haven't asked any questions about this scenario .

Well, I like to stand at a distance.

When playing role-playing games, I generally choose the role.

The magic user stands at a distance and then assesses the situation and applies the necessary forces when applicable.

So I'm going to say, is it fun?

Are both scenarios pretty fun?

Well, you're having sex in both.

In the one, you're having sex every night.

And the only price is a gruesome dead body in the morning.

Or a WNBA player is dead body.

That's true.

That's a perk.

You're having sex in the other one.

And really the only drawback is, you know, you have to hear , if I ever lose my faith in you, that was a great thing.

That was a really good.

It's not.

I do a little, that's some impressions.

That's one of my best.

Do it Ken.

Come on, let's hear it.

Let's hear it.

Yeah.

Come on Ken.

We all like it.

Who wants to hear Ken Moraino?

Go ahead.

Yeah.

You want me to do the Macy gray?

Sure.

Is that what you're saying?

No, but I'll do.

What do you mean? Why did you ask me to ask you so that you could go, no, I'm not doing that.

You said do it.

And you said Macy gray and I go, Well, I don't know what you're talking about.

It's like rudge match.

It's face to face right here at Austin, Texas at the Esther 's Folly Arena.

Do a little bit of sting.

I'll do it.

Or the police.

I'll do Nina Simone.

Oh, okay.

Ready?

Black is the color of my true love's hair.

So soft and wonderful.

Black is the color of my true love's hair.

Of my true love's hair.

That was amazing.

And you know what?

I would let that come out of my butt every day.

That was amazing.

You know, that is one of probably one of the best performances I've heard in years.

And all I've got to say is good luck to you in this.

Who's this guy?

Thank you, Simon.

So I thought vocally it was fantastic, but I think the stage presence is lacking a little bit.

I should open my eyes more.

Whether you're opening the eyes or just emoting facially.

I just think that you have to come in the room, not just hit the notes.

Let's hear from Paula.

I think you're really cute, sweetie.

I love you.

You're great.

Now Natasha, you like that.

So I'm going to allow that that can come out of your butth ole every time you're having sex.

Will that change your answer?

That would definitely change my answer.

Yeah.

Okay.

Although the other does sound thrilling.

To get vaginally reborn and kill someone.

It sounds kind of interesting to me.

I don't like it at all.

It sounds like a plan for mass murder, Scott.

Let me ask you this.

Is that stack of coffins outside the part of your FEMA plan for vast wastelands of vaginal bodies?

Is there really a stack of coffins outside?

There's a stack of plastic coffins I'm simply asking questions.

Not even brass the way I wanted in my will.

You want a brass coffin?

I want a coffin that's also a tuba.

Yes.

Strange.

That's my favorite sentence ever.

I want a coffin that's also a tuba.

I've closed the floor for questions.

My foot was caught in it.

Open the floor back up.

No, no.

Open it up for God's sake.

Oh, you're not opening it.

All right.

It's closed again.

Oh, I didn't even get a question out.

All right, guys.

How do you like to vote?

Let's start over here with...

I'll tell you what.

We'll start with Rob Hubel.

You seem very concerned.

You seem...

The biggest thing threw me for a loop emotionally.

When I hear that song, it reminds me of...

We're all different people right now.

It just reminds me of a tough time I went through.

And every time I hear it, just, you know...

Fuck.

Get off.

Hey.

Fuck.

I'm sorry, buddy.

Fuck off.

I'm so sorry.

I'm gonna vote for sex murder.

I just have to clarify, because in the former part of the question, you are having sex.

You're not gonna murder those people after stink comes out of your butthole.

Is that what you're saying?

I wanna be born so that I can murder.

Okay.

So you're voting for sex murder?

In Minnesota, that counts as a vote for Norm Coleman.

Come on, Jesse.

Come on.

It's not the time.

Really?

Why do you like to vote for that?

Just...

I just like...

It sounds more active.

Yeah, you're always on the go.

You like to be going forward.

Yeah, I wanna move forward.

Even if that means killing 365 people a year.

I don't care about that.

I don't care.

I don't fucking care.

Okay.

You'd be a serial killer, basically.

Yeah.

All right.

You know who's the biggest serial killer?

Who?

General Mills.

General Mills?

That's not a...

The serial company?

Yep.

They make Captain Crunch and...

High fructose corn syrup.

Number one, that's not a real guy.

That's not a real general.

Part of this complete holocaust.

All right.

Let's move on.

All right, Martin. How do you like to vote?

What are we...

What are my options again?

Either...

Sting comes out of your butthole and kind of like, sets a nice table for your lovemaking, perhaps.

Or I wake up in the cocoon of a WNBA player's vagina.

Sure.

That's what I think I would like to vote.

Yeah, I knew.

I kind of had a feeling.

From the moment your eyes lit up when you said WNBA player.

Yeah.

I kind of saw right through you.

I'm attracted to them.

Yeah, Ken. How do you like to vote here?

Sting making love...

Meaning...

You're not gonna be able to sing.

Lower your voice.

You're not making love to sing.

You may have got this question.

I wanna fuck Sting in a sensual, connected way.

All right.

We've got great nipples.

That's not one of the choices, but I'll let you have that.

I would like to do that.

Okay.

Natasha, how do you like to vote?

Well, I did have a change of heart once I heard that beautiful torch song.

And I would like that to come out of my butt in the morning .

In the morning?

That's what you guys like?

I thought that's when the thing was.

No, it's while you're having sex.

Oh, well, that would get weird if...

Yeah, exactly.

That's how we play the game.

All right, but you're locked in.

We already locked you in.

All right, Reggie, how do you like to vote?

Well, I would like to reiterate that that really was one of the greatest performances that I've heard.

You're not voting to kick someone off the show with this.

Sorry.

I guess I would go for the Sting option just because I'm a huge, huge fan of Sting in the early years.

And I think he did a really great job of hiring some really wonderful jazz musicians and creating compositions which are haunting and still very English.

That's what Sting says about himself.

I hired some great jazz musicians.

All right, Jesse, how do you like to vote?

Well, I'm always in favor of minimizing human carnage.

Because I've seen combat up close.

When you were surfing in the Navy Seals.

I wasn't surfing out.

When you're going to put words in my mouth...

You just said it earlier in the show.

That's not how I constructed the sentence.

If you're going to put words...

Rewind this podcast and listen to it.

You said you surfed in the Navy Seals.

Judges?

Well, first of all, I just want to say...

I'm going to vote...

I'm going to vote first of all for myself in 2016.

All right, sure.

Okay.

And secondly, I'm going to vote for Sting to come out of my anus when I'm making love.

As long as, no matter who the sex partner is, he joins in on the other side.

And that he's the latter day, crow themed, goth oriented Sting and not the older Venice Beach surfer one.

Because I don't want anything that might make me feel gay.

All right.

There's no problem with that.

All right, we're tallying up the points here and...

And Ken, it looks like you voted to have sex with Sting and that was the secret answer that no one else guessed.

You are our winner, Ken.

Congratulations.

He's asking for more applause.

Now this side.

That's of course how we play Would You Rather.

This is Kaboom! Theater.

What happened?

Why did it abruptly...

Pulls up the bear.

I don't know.

The theme song should be playing, but it's not, but that's okay.

All right, guys, that's been our show.

We only have one last thing here to do, which is the plugs.

And Ken, you are of course the singer of the Closing Up the Plug Bag theme.

Do you want to give us an Opening Up the Plug Bag theme first?

♪ Open up the plug, open up the plug bag, open up the plug bag now. ♪ Fantastic.

All right.

Ken Marino with the Opening Up the Plug Bag theme.

Burning Love, we want to plug Burning Love.

How do people see it?

Watch Burning Love on E, the first season of Burning Love on E, and then watch Burning Love season two, Julie season on Yahoo!

Burninglove.com.

Watch it.

You'll like it.

And if you don't, you're a jerk.

Oh, gosh.

Reggie, what do you like to plug here?

Check out a new season of Comedy Bang Bang, which is going to be airing first season of season two tomorrow night.

And also, jash.com.

jash.com, launching right here at SoBeSoWe.

And yeah, it's going to be great.

Sarah Silverman, Tim and Eric, Michael Cera, a bunch of other people.

It's going to be a really fun time on the Internet.

All right.

I want to plug, come see the rest of my shows.

We're going over to the IFC house here at 830.

We're about to do a show.

I'm going to do a live podcast tomorrow.

You can watch at noon here and a couple of stand up shows here tomorrow.

And also, if you're listening to this, Kevin Pollak's chat show is now part of Earwolf starting today.

So you can listen to that.

And his first show on Earwolf is today.

So the global octopus gets his tentacles on another entity.

All right, Jesse, what do you like to plug?

What do I like to plug?

Yeah, that's what I'm asking.

Well, I'm facilitating a discussion on Monday night.

It's called Conspiracy Theory Live with Jesse Ventura.

It's at the IFC house.

I seem to have gotten access.

While we were doing the show and that's going to be there.

And I'm also going to plug the fact that there's my friend Alex Jones and I'm going to get in his petty cap.

Okay.

I work for tips.

We will not submit.

The new world order is going around the block as fast as I can buy a single.

Hello, Alex.

Welcome to the show.

Yeah, we're in a hurry.

Okay, I understand.

We got to go and get some kids.

I understand.

Ken, do you want to sing the closing up the plug back theme ?

Well, do you have it on there?

No, but it kind of goes closing up the plug back.

Closing up the plug back.

Wicker, wicker, wicker wall.

Closing up the plug back.

Now, bro.

All right.

It's the Wars.com.

Guys, that's been our show.

I will give you one last word.

I want to thank Reggie.

Oh, look, he's doing curls with the microphone.

Look at Reggie Watts, everyone.

Wow.

Natasha, thank you so much for being here.

Thank you.

Camarino.

Martin Starr.

Rob Hubel.

Jesse Ventura.

The Mind.

Thank you very much.

I'm Tim Stoddock.

And we will see you next time on Comedy Band Day.

Eer Wolf.

This has been an Eer Wolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit eerwolf.com.

Eer Wolf Radio.

Boom.

Dot com.

Eer Wolf.

The wolf dead.
