---
layout: page
title: 208. Steven Yeun, Doug Benson, Paul F. Tompkins [18041⧸21094].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

One of the stars of one of the biggest television shows in the history of the medium, The Walking Dead, Steven Yeun is here, he plays Glenn on that show.

Also, the host of one of the biggest podcasts in the history of that medium, Doug Benson from Doug Loves Movies is here.

Plus, an old fan favorite comes by to tell us what he's been up to, all of that and more all on today's...

♪ When you are older and gaze back at the vista of your life, you will ask what all people ask.

Why did I watch so many seasons of Survivor? It was horrible.

Hi, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, Hollywood nights, guys. Great catchphrase, by the way.

Thank you so much, April Fools Rebel.

Hmm, what does that mean? April Fools Rebel? He doesn't celebrate April Fools?

He treats everyone with deadly seriousness on April Fools Day, maybe?

Did I say Hollywood nights, by the way?

Doug, where's your mic? What's going on?

I don't know.

Bring you up. Alright, it is Hollywood nights.

By the way, welcome to the show. I'm Scott Ockram, this is Comedy Bang Bang.

Why, uh, can we open up one of these just to see Hollywood nights?

No, we can't open them up. Gosh.

Wish you people at home could see Hollywood nights, but we got a great sunset going on out there.

I think, is it dark already, Doug?

No.

No?

No.

Oh, man.

Hence the sunglasses.

Wish I could see that sunset. We're transitioning into Hollywood nights.

Welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang, and another edition, another fine edition.

And, um, some of you may be watching this on YouTube.

YouTube?

Some of you may just be listening to this as a podcast.

So, you know, whatever strikes your fancy.

And, uh, it is Hollywood nights, though.

I wonder if I had brought that up earlier.

Doug, did I bring that up?

I'd like to strike your fancy.

We're back.

We were at South by Southwest last week.

We did a couple of shows, and those were a lot of fun to do .

The first one was one of these video podcasts, and we did, uh, it was with Sarah Silverman and Michael Cera and Tim and Eric and Reggie Watts.

I missed it.

Was there a sponsor of that?

I didn't, I didn't catch a mention of that during the program.

Doug, you were, you were, uh, by the way, we'll introduce you in a second.

We'll introduce our other guests.

But first I'll do a little pre-talk with you.

You were watching live as it happened.

Is that right?

Yes.

Yeah.

I was just happened to be near my computer and saw one, your tweet that it was happening.

Is that how it happened?

You, you, you looked at your proximity to the computer and you said, well, I'm about what, three feet away?

Is that?

Yeah, I'm near it and I have no plans to walk away anytime soon.

Okay, good.

So sometimes I would have my projects going on and just listen.

But then when something sounded like when Sarah was high f iving the entire crowd, then I flipped over and watched the video and it was, uh, it was very entertaining.

That's a glimpse inside the mind of Doug.

Well, I don't want to introduce you yet.

That's why Tim Heidecker hasn't been on Douglas movies because I had a feeling he wouldn't like games and would shit all over them.

He does like games.

That's what he did to you.

That's his character, but he does.

I've played games with him.

I played games in a game night with him.

I've played poker with him.

He was terrible at it, but a nice guy.

We'll introduce you in a sec.

But, uh, we're back and, uh, we're, uh, we had some great shows.

Thank you so much to anyone who came out to see us at South by Southwest.

I think I did about five shows or so and, uh, yeah, it was a lot of fun.

Lot of fun.

And, uh, let's get to our guests.

Why are we waiting so long to get to our guests?

You know what I mean?

I mean, it seems as if I'm just stalling here trying to fill time.

I mean, that's not what podcasts are about.

Feels like we're just hanging out in Woodbury.

He's not even here.

We're just waiting for him to attack us.

Speaking of Woodbury, our first guest likes to bury his wood into several curls out on the road.

Please welcome Doug Benson.

Hey, everybody.

Um, where do people know you from, Doug?

Uh, stage and screen, I guess.

Sure.

What?

You were on an off- A trivia question, perhaps.

You were in an off-Broadway play.

Yes.

And, uh, and I've been, I've made some movies and some questionable choices.

You've loved movies.

A lot.

I love movies.

I imagine anyone that's listening would already know who I am, but, uh, I could be wrong.

Who knows?

I mean, there may not be a lot of crossover between our shows.

I'm a part of your universe.

That's right.

You're part of the- I mean, your world.

You're part of the bang bang universe.

Um, this is the 616, by the way.

And, uh, the TV show is, uh, an alternate universe, by the way.

You're not part of that universe yet, but would love to get you on at some point.

Oh, I'd love to stop by that universe.

Yes.

Do I have to be like Richard Branson?

Do I have to afford to travel in this space?

Um, let me introduce our other guests and we'll kind of talk more specifically about- Yes, I thought that's what we were going to do.

And then you talk to me some more.

Sure.

But, um, you mentioned Woodbury because, uh, our next guest is a first timer, a CBB first timer, which, uh, we always love the first timers.

And, um, that doesn't quite connect to Woodbury yet, but I 'm getting around to it.

But, um, he is on a television show in which the third season is set largely in Woodbury as well as, uh, uh, I don't want to give away spoilers.

Maybe that's too much of a spoiler.

Really?

I don't know.

It's set somewhere.

There's a prison.

Can we say that?

That's a big one.

Yeah.

That is a big one.

People haven't watched this entire season yet.

But, uh, The Walking Dead is the show.

AMC networks, probably the biggest, uh, show in the history of the medium.

I don't know.

It's big.

It's very big.

Debatable.

Yeah.

Bigger than the final episode of MASH.

If you, oh yeah.

You're getting 133 million people a week.

Yeah, I think they are.

Wow.

Impressive.

And we'll get to your name in a second.

But they got 133 million people.

Watching at the same time.

No, the final episode of MASH.

Yeah.

It was some crazy, uh, crazy number like that.

Now only Super Bowls get that kind of number.

Speaking of Super Bowls, Doug, you have a new movie that we 'll talk about.

Uh, but, uh, uh, Steven Yoon is here and thank you so much for, uh, for coming on the show.

Oh, thank you for having me.

This is my pleasure.

Thank you so much for saying that.

Absolutely.

A lot of people have said that, but you seemed really sincere and maybe it's because you're such a great actor, but I really felt that.

No, because I listened to the podcast.

You do?

Yeah.

You're so nice.

What's your favorite episode?

Shoot.

Holding your feet to the fire on this one.

Same with no episode titles.

Yeah.

Aren't they all often rather random?

Um, Steven, is it Steven or Steve by the way?

Uh, cause on Twitter it's Steve Yoon, right?

Yeah.

It's actually pronounced Yoon.

Yoon, I'm so sorry.

That's not your fault.

I'd never tell anybody.

I just...

Just start, get the word out.

Yeah, but then you look like that guy.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Don't worry about it Ackerman.

So it, that's all right.

So, uh, uh, that's interesting.

So why UN is how I'm going to write it down in front of me.

That's how it should have been.

What happened?

Uh, my dad, when we came over here from Korea, he just, he just wasn't thinking.

Did you, and I'm interested in this topic, so this is a genuine question.

Did you come over from Korea or were you born here in the States?

I was born in Korea, in South Korea, in Seoul in 1983.

Fantastic.

And then how long were you there and how long have you been here?

Uh, I was there for about four years.

We moved.

Sounds like until you were four years old.

Yeah.

Four years.

88, but we moved in 88.

So what happens is in Korea, you are a year older than you are in the States.

Cause your birth year is when you're one, when you're born.

So are you technically, do you call yourself the year?

No, I'm American.

I'm American.

I'm 29.

Love it or leave it.

That's what I say.

Exactly.

That's what I say too.

All the time.

29 years old, by the way, we're hearing some sirens and normally we would take a plane break at this point, but I don't think any of the new engineers are, uh, have that, uh, capability.

Nope.

We don't have that.

Oh, well that was a perfect, did everyone hear the, uh, the , the sirens out there in TV land?

No, I don't think so.

I couldn't hear it in my case.

You couldn't hear it.

Okay.

I heard it plain as day.

So you're 29 years.

You're a 29 year old gentleman is what I was going to say.

Yeah.

Gentlemen is that's.

But so many gentlemen are not actually gentle men.

You know what I mean?

And you seem like a very gentle man.

Um, maybe, maybe it's my mom's like soft, uh, like features that have been on added to me and maybe that's what makes me feel a little gentle.

Why doesn't Glen grow facial hair like you do?

Because, uh, it's not, this is like a mom.

His character doesn't grow facial hair.

You know, that's a great question.

I mean, I've, I've, I've actually gone last season, the beginning of the third season and asked, uh, makeup, can I have this?

And they said, I looked like a French, um, asshole.

So I can't.

I don't know why you had to finish that.

You look French.

Sorry, France.

What?

So there's a lot of razors out there in the apocalypse or what's happening?

Yeah.

You get really nice Norelco, uh, noticing that like Rick, Rick's should grow into a full beard.

It shouldn't just be, he should be all full.

No, Rick does have a full beard.

It kind of, he's got a lot of hair, but it's still, he doesn't have a Zach.

Yeah.

He should have a Travelocity gnome hair.

Yeah.

Travelocity gnome hair.

I, if I could grow it, I would totally do it.

And that's just one of my nitpicks with the show quite honestly.

And we'll get through them all here.

You have, you have, you're going to pick nits with him?

Oh my gosh.

That's the biggest one.

The hair.

This isn't Robert Kirkman or Glenn Mazzara sitting before you.

This is an actor doing his job.

That's true.

I do have a thing about hair on, in movies and TV.

Like, uh, I was talking with someone about this who I won't say their name, but I was talking about Revolution, right?

That series that is kind of ripping off your show.

So, so everyone show without the zombies, every, every woman and probably the men in Revolution have perfectly quaffed, like amazingly, like two hour and makeup hair.

What is that about?

You know, like, and then, uh, Network television.

That's what it's about.

Zero Dark Thirty, Jessica Chastain, like her hair was just so luxurious and full and beautiful.

I just, I don't buy it.

I haven't been, anytime I see good looking hair, it just takes me right out.

You know, that actually makes me question that too, because it's, it's, if you're there, you, sometimes you're doing it just so you don't have to touch it again.

Like for me, if it looks like I have slicked hair, it's so that you don't have to mess with it because there'll be like, oh, we have to reset it because it's here.

Yeah.

And so it's efficient, but then sometimes it looks a little bit too good and then you're, uh, then you get caught by, what's your normal style for the show?

It's, um, it's just, I try to, uh, just get it back there because you do it yourself.

Well, kind of, I just, they put stuff in and then I just rush it back just cause I want to, you're touching your hair after the makeup people touch it, which is a union violation.

They don't run into the scene and kill a zombie.

It gets rough.

But you like to have that kind of Joe cool look.

Um, I think you've described, I've read in print.

Yeah, I say Joe cool.

I think it's more like, uh, with Asian hair when it gets greasy, that's actually what it looks like.

Yeah.

But also I just want it out of my face because when it gets to your face, then like every new take, they have to be like, it was right here.

And then you have to replace the hair and then you're like, I'm not worried about that.

Did Glenn lose his hat?

Didn't he used to wear a hat a lot in the early days?

This is another one of my big nitpicks.

Did he lose that cause he doesn't have to deliver pizzas anymore.

There's no reason to wear the hat.

He didn't lose it.

Uh, he has it on occasion, but I think, I think it's, it's a natural evolution of a character to be like, he wakes up each day, hat or no hat today.

Am I going to live today and am I going to wear my hat?

He's got to get his lucky hat back.

That's what I'm saying.

If you watch certain episodes he's got in his back pocket.

Oh yeah.

That makes sense.

I haven't seen that look.

I haven't seen the show.

Do you guys, do you guys like, do you show up to the set with your hair unwashed and.

Yeah, actually I don't wash my hair.

Yeah.

Cause everybody's hair looks really dirty.

That's so funny.

He just looked straight at me.

He was like, oh girls, but I really don't like that.

I was like, oh, Stephen is pointing at a camera man who is particularly, uh, he's got long flowing hair himself.

Uh, I wouldn't say disheveled, but uh, it's, yeah, those are great locks.

Uh, yeah.

Yeah.

There should be a scene where you guys are stocking up on deodorant.

Like you never see that.

You never see deodorant application.

There's gotta be plenty of it left on the earth and you're going to need a lot of it.

Do you think so in here?

I'd love to get your opinion on this, by the way, we never found out.

Is it Stephen or Steve?

Uh, Steve, you can call me Steve or it doesn't really matter.

Okay.

Yeah.

I think for just expediency sake, so we can save time in this program.

Cause we have a lot of show, a lot of show.

We want to take off the end just so we can get to it a little quicker.

That way.

Yes.

Great.

Yeah.

So Steve, do you think, and you've spent a lot of time, I'm sure in your character and you spent a lot of time like thinking about what the apocalypse must be like.

Do you think the deodorant is still plentiful or do you think it's been wiped out by this point?

I would say out of sheer numbers being low in people that would use deodorant, it's plentiful.

So you have it in access.

I'm sure in that prison there's a ton of deodorant.

Okay.

In the prison you think?

Right.

Yeah.

You guys should also probably stock up on Pop-Tarts.

There's probably lots of those around still.

No, that would be the first thing that would go.

This isn't the Doug Benson story.

Pop-Tarts.

Deodorants and Pop-Tarts.

You never see someone just sitting around eating a ding-d ong on Walking Dead.

There's no fun food.

There's no fun at all.

You guys don't have to have fun.

Squirrel.

Except for, spoiler alert, you and Maggie and that when you 're supposed to be watching the prison and all the zombies are approaching.

Why?

What were they doing again?

They got it on.

Did you see the last episode?

I don't want to get ahead of you.

I haven't seen the last one.

Alright, we won't talk about it.

Well, actually in that moment, which is surprising, I did read some comments about people's reactions to that and they gravitated towards, that must have been disgusting.

It wasn't for them like, oh, this is really great.

They're hooking up.

I haven't seen it yet, but what's disgusting about it, the fact that you're outdoors?

Yeah, like someone...

Because that's the outspent.

No, it's not like cement.

Yeah.

Like he throws her down on cement and she's like, I like it .

No, one comment said like, imagine the crotch rot.

Oh yeah.

That's what it said.

Cause they don't bathe.

Okay.

Oh wait.

Oh, okay.

You're saying because they don't bathe.

Are you, were you saying because they're zombie?

No, no, because they don't bathe.

That's what they were saying.

Like it's gross.

Cause he must, they both smell.

I haven't seen this week, so I'm having a hard time pict uring this.

Could you describe it and slower?

Yes.

What did you do?

It's irresponsible sex.

Like pretty much all sex.

They're supposed to be guarding the prison.

You got, you got your...

It's even more dangerous than not using a condom.

Like all sex, you're supposed to be guarding the prison.

Per womb.

Yeah.

Don't take your eyes off the prize.

Um, Steve, what is happening in walking dead for the rest of the season?

What's going on?

We, we have your, uh, your, of course your, your season finale is March 31st coming up in a three or a couple of weeks, depending on when you 're listening to this.

And, uh, so far, you know, we don't want to give away too many spoilers from people who are just like still getting into the show who may be catching up with it.

But there are zombies.

Yeah.

I mean, that's, that's about it.

There's a big St.

Patrick's day celebration coming up on the show.

St. Patrick's day episode.

And then the Easter episode is going to be great.

Yeah.

Where does Jesus come back from the dead?

Wow.

It's a bottle.

It's the original zombie.

He's OZ.

That is so perfect.

Um, and your character, if we can talk about your character , you still avoiding spoilers, but you, uh, got the shit beaten out of you.

This season.

And, um, how was that?

That was interesting.

Uh, that was maybe the most fun I've had on the show.

Ever.

Just seems like somebody, an actor that would accidentally not pull his punches.

Like he'd hit you too hard.

Yeah.

I mean, but the thing is, is like, not because.

Not for, you know, not because he's a bad guy, but just because he's acting.

Yeah.

It's an intense scene.

Being opposite of Rooker is a whole lot of fun because that guy will make you mad on purpose.

He's on Doug's show quite often, by the way, Doug has a podcast, Doug loves movies.

He was just on it the one time, but he has an open invitation.

If he can, one other time he was supposed to be there and he didn't show up.

But the guy's incredible.

I mean, he's, he's a great actor.

Nice guy, but crazy, crazy finger from sea of love.

Yeah.

Right.

When we played the Leonard Malton game, he didn't recognize that movie, that he was in sea of love.

I listed, I listed off practically everybody in the cast.

He's like, I have no idea what that movie is.

You were in it, sea of love.

When I said Al Pacino, he finally went, Oh yeah.

Okay.

I was in something with Al Pacino.

So, so you, you've been beaten up.

You're, you're at the end of your rope, I would imagine.

And it's all coming down to this.

It's all coming down to the season finale.

There's been a lot of death over the, uh, the, the three years.

And some of the people who are alive still in the comics are not alive on the show and vice versa.

Yeah.

So who knows what's going on with you, you know?

Right.

I mean, that's the joy of the show is you don't, there's no parallel.

Is there joy in the comic book?

Yeah.

It's pretty, I don't want to give spoilers away to the comic book either.

Really?

You don't want to spoil that.

Okay.

But he's a, he's a big integral part of the comic book for a long time.

Sure.

Yeah.

So, uh, with the comic, yes.

Wow.

That's awesome.

I missed this week of your show because I was at South by Southwest.

That's fine.

I'm good.

Yeah, you're good.

Okay.

When a hotel room doesn't have AMC, I throw the TV out the window.

My TV, by the way, I want to talk about my, my hotel a little bit at South by Southwest, but I was staying in the Driscoll, which they all say is haunted, right?

And that all the staff takes a, and by the way, I met a very, uh, a great guy, Aaron, uh, at the staff.

He was a great guy and took a lot of pains to tell me about all the haunted stories happening at the Driscoll.

But I think it's just an excuse for their like hotel to be kind of shitty.

And then they go, it's haunted because I came, they told me about all these things.

Like lights would turn on and off.

I came back to the room every single time I left the room and would come back to it.

There would be a tiny shit in the toilet, like a ghost shit .

And that's what I swear.

And it wasn't mine, but I think it's just a plumbing problem that they have there, but they can blame it on ghosts back up into.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

That's ghost poop.

Every single time I would come in.

There'd be a, like a, just a little tiny shit in the toilet .

That didn't scare you.

That, that you weren't like.

I was horrified.

I ran screaming.

He's no turd whisperer.

Anyway, thanks to the Driscoll.

We'd love for you to, uh, sponsor us if you're listening to us.

Um, but, uh, what were we talking about?

Oh yeah.

Walking Dead.

So it's all coming down to this.

It's, it's such a drag when the show is not on.

You know what I mean?

Is it really?

Get the show back on for more.

How many do you do?

13?

16.

Yeah.

Still.

Yeah.

You know, there's 52 weeks in a year, Steve.

We should, yeah, we should be working year round.

This is another nitpick I have.

I hate it when it's not on.

I want to watch it.

I want to be, I want to be depressed.

I want to see, you know, just zombies being hacked to death in new ways.

Yeah.

You know, it's, uh, it's, it's pretty intense.

The 16 that we churn out.

I think, uh, you give a case study in our cast and crew and maybe five years, we're all going to be in some sort of like, yeah.

Homeostasis, mental hospital, uh, like we'll have some sort of disease.

It'll be great.

I have a theory here and it's just developing, so I just want to talk it out.

Okay.

What do you think, Doug?

You got my back on this one?

Go ahead.

I think, spitball it.

Steven or Steve, as I like to call him.

Sure.

I think he dies.

I think he dies in this, in the finale.

And that's why he's doing press here.

I've seen, I've seen you pop up on other podcasts.

He has, but that's cause they're done shooting for the season.

It's not like he's showing up because they're there shooting and he isn't.

He's trying to get, he's trying to get his face out there so that he can springboard into something else, some sitcom or something he's trying to, that's what I think.

I'm trying to get on.

I heard they need a new kid on a two and a half men.

I'm trying to get on last man standing.

He's been lippy.

They got to replace him.

I think they need that new, uh, that was it two broke girls has that Asian guy on it?

Yes.

A new Asian guy, please.

Some new stereotype for them to bounce off of.

Geez.

Wouldn't that be horrible if every acting job you got was just replacing another eight, like not adding to the amount of minority actors on shows.

One of them dies.

Get another one in.

Yeah, just get them in there.

It's like, it's like coach and Woody.

I don't know what you're talking about.

Um, but uh, Show from the fifties.

No cheers.

Originally though, I thought you were talking about the sitcom coach and Woody from toy story.

They had some sort of like a exchange student program going on.

All right guys, we have to take a break.

Let's take a small little break.

We have another guest coming in and uh, is it okay if we take this break?

I don't know.

What do you guys think?

Sure.

Yeah, I'm okay with it.

You're okay with it.

I don't want to do anything if it's not all right with you guys.

I mean, it's your show.

Yeah.

The other, this is not like any show I've ever been on.

I've never been asked if we can go to a break or not.

I like to be polite in that way.

Is it all right?

Let's not go to a break.

Let's just go straight through.

Yeah.

See, that's why you don't ask me.

I'd also not like to go on a break actually.

Well, great.

You cancel each other out.

Great.

Okay.

So we will go to a break.

Great.

Well, you said it.

All right.

Let us go to a break.

When we come right back, we'll have more comedy, bang, bang , more Stephen or Steve young and more Doug Ben soon, and we will be right back with more comedy.

Bang, bang after this.

Welcome back to the show.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We are back here.

I have Steven young and Doug Ben soon here and.

We're having a great time.

And actually since we are recording this, you may be listening to it on a podcast, but we are recording this and you can actually watch it on YouTube as it's happening or in the future.

We took some questions from the YouTube watchers who are watching it live.

So, uh, let me take, uh, okay.

Let this one's for Steven first.

Hey, Steven says, Aaron's a film nerd.

So you know, it's going to be specific.

Steven do all other cast members of walking dead make fun of you for not having a British accent.

That's so specific.

He's a film nerd.

That's Aaron is, um, no, she has like an Australian thing.

She's she's British, but she grew up and she was born in Jersey and then moved to, to, to the UK, but, uh, United Kingdom.

Uh, no, they don't.

I mean, why would they, there's only two of them, right?

There's three of them, three British people who's Rick and the governor.

Oh, the governor.

Yeah.

The governor.

We can tell by his name.

Of course.

Yeah.

Are they, are they the type of actors who the minute they stopped saying their lines, they slip back right back into their, their British isms.

You know, Andy Lincoln does not, he stays in character, not character, but in, in, in dialect.

I like crazy too.

This comes to us from Henry Campos.

Henry asks Doug on a scale from one to Snoop Dogg.

How high are you currently?

The first part's a number and the second part's a name.

Yeah.

So that's a weird scale.

There we go.

It's an interesting scale.

Here we go.

We have a, uh, our, our next guest is here with us.

Snoop lion also.

So respect, respect, respect.

Um, we have our next guest here and, um, he's glaring at me currently.

He's been sitting here kind of silently.

It's in my face.

It's just natural, just what he looks like.

Yeah.

Guys.

We we've had him on the show many times.

His name is his name is buddy.

Velestro or Velestro.

Crossable Bell.

Every single time you get a role.

That's right.

Okay.

And we all know him as the cake boss.

Please welcome the cake boss himself.

Cake boss.

Of course.

Welcome to cake boss.

Hi, it's got oxen.

They take all shaking heads, which we don't normally do on the podcast, but the world is watching, we don't want to seem genteel.

That's right.

Put on a good face for kids.

Kids need to learn how to shake their hands.

They do kids are rude.

They are.

What's the worst thing about kids?

What is the worst thing about kids?

Oh, get you my bowl.

They like cake so much.

They forget the manners.

Oh, I can imagine that would be a problem for you.

It's a big problem.

They stick their hands right in the cake.

They don't even wait for a fork or a knife.

Sometimes they make a dense cake that requires a knife to cut.

But these kids, they just think that disgusting pause in there, grab a handful of shuffling their faces.

It's unsanitary.

That's what it is.

And another thing I want to get your opinion on this issue.

All right.

Birthday cakes.

Okay.

Yeah.

You make them.

All the time.

Too many.

So I wish more people would die instead of being born.

It almost seems like it's out of balance and Steven, you know, of course life out of balance, but, um, I think that it's rude to have these candles on a birthday cake and then have someone just spinning all over this thing that you're going to eat.

What do you think about that?

I teach classes at my cake kitchen, how to properly blow out the candles on the birthday cake, because you don't want saliva to get in there because it's disgusting for everybody.

How can you possibly do it?

How do you do it Cake Boss?

It's Cake Boss.

It's all about, uh, breath control, which I learned from one of my heroes, Francis Albus Sinatra, the chairman of the board.

Uh, he used to be a trumpet player.

So of course, come on.

Yeah, he did.

He was a trumpet player.

That's how he learned the breath.

He learned it from a trumpet player.

From one of the Dorsey brothers.

He was not a trumpet player.

Maybe I'm getting that story wrong.

How dare you?

No respect?

I'm not a New Jersey hero.

Marc Marone.

Oh boy.

You get me with that every time.

It's not a legitimate Italian curse.

It should be.

But you can, if you're not Italian, you can say it.

Why not?

Other people have said Marc Marone.

Uh, so, uh, I don't, even if you were to blow up over the cake, it still would like land in someone's lap.

Here's what you gotta do.

You gotta, you gotta focus your breathing.

You make your mouth like a little, uh, a tunnel, right?

Where you get it.

That doesn't look like a tunnel.

It's a mouth tunnel.

Of course it doesn't look like one.

You think, uh, ah, like the Roadrunner or Wile E.

Coyote, I'm going to paint a tunnel on my face.

I think so.

Yes.

Yeah.

I thought you thought that.

You're mistaken.

You make, you make your mouth like a little, uh, very focused, concentrated little aperture, and then you go with all your might, you got to do it from deep down in your soul, you blow your direct shot of air.

So it's all, all air and no saliva.

I heard that phlegm come out of you when you just did it.

I can't do it for real.

Plus it looks like you're sucking the world's tiniest straw .

When you do that, like if you're condescendingly, sorry for someone, I'm looking at the world's tiniest straw just for you.

Exactly.

Um, I don't know.

I don't, I don't like it.

You don't know.

That's true.

Steve, what do you think about this?

Uh, um, jump in.

He should just get electric candles from now on.

I think that should be mandated.

Yeah.

Very nice.

I'm glad I heard from the peanut gallery about how to deal with cakes, but it turns out I'm the boss of them.

Uh, here's why, uh, you cannot have electric candles around the cake because frosting is an amazing conductor of electricity and it would elect you.

Who would everybody at the birthday party, even somebody who's been struck by lightning twice.

I don't, I don't like the cord that you have to lay across the cake.

That's true.

That'd be rough.

I don't know.

I just don't like it.

I do like those joke candles.

You know what I mean?

When you blow them, they go out and then they go back to life.

Really?

They're reincarnated like walking dead.

There's zombie candles.

Yeah.

There's zombie candles.

I feel like you'll be willfully obtuse.

Do you sell those in your cake kitchen?

Do you sell candles?

You sell the accoutrement or do you just make the cake?

We sell some accessories.

Of course.

Are you like a shoe store that sells socks?

That's exactly what I always think of ourselves.

What are some of the other things that come with a cake?

Cake boss.

Okay.

Boss.

There's the special cake knives.

Special cake knife.

I've never heard of it.

Triangular.

You never have one.

Use a regular knife.

What do people need to...

This is ridiculous.

Because you can cut...

I'll tell you why you need it.

Ridiculous.

Oh, because you can...

It's a special triangular knife.

It's got to have something.

Triangular knife?

Yes.

Stop repeating the things I say.

I hate when people repeat things that other people say.

What about cake boss?

Cake boss.

Here's what you do.

You have a triangular knife.

You cut the cake.

You twist your wrist a little bit.

Now you're serving the cake.

Are you doing a dance?

Is this a 50s rock and roll song?

I don't know why it never was.

You get a triangular knife.

Then you cut the cake.

Then you twist your wrist.

Then you're serving the cake.

It's a song and a dance.

That's right.

Everybody out on the dance floor going like this.

You put your cake knife in.

You take your cake knife out.

That's the hokey pokey.

We're going to run into any of the problems.

Sorry, cake boss.

I didn't mean to do that.

We're going to owe a million dollars to...

It's a great tool.

Everybody wants to rip it off, but...

But no, it's copyrighted.

Yeah.

So cake boss, do you sell socks by the way?

I do sell socks.

I sell cake socks.

Love to hear about those.

Socks made of cake that you can put them on your feet.

The end.

Sounds horrible.

They don't sell well.

I'll be kidding with you.

They don't sell too well.

Nobody wants that.

No, but the idea was, Hey, are you on the go?

You hate wearing shoes?

This is where Jack Johnson was big.

And, uh, I thought a lot of people were going to be like, oh, March of 1998.

Right?

Yeah.

I'll put, I'll put, I'll put cakes on my feet and then I can nibble at the cake socks.

And then before you know it, I got bad feet.

Just like my hero.

Sure.

That makes a lot of sense.

We all have to wear shoes, but these, we can nibble on and then be, end up like our hero.

I don't know which I would last one my mouth, the part of the, uh, cake socks it's been on the ground or the part of the cake sock that's been touching my foot.

It's a, it's a lose lose on that.

Is this a, would you rather question?

Of course you're not eating the part that you walking on.

Uh, you're just eating like around your ankle.

So wait, these cake socks have tread underneath that are in edible.

Nope.

Okay.

That's cake.

All right.

But you're not eating.

Wildly impractical.

I think that was another point against it.

My people didn't enjoy them.

Um, now Steve, it must be fascinating.

You're a television star.

We can, I mean, you're a, would you, you'd consider yourself a star.

That's more than a question, Steve, to be fair.

I don't like that word.

Star?

You're a shooting star that's been shot up into the night sky.

We watch your show at night.

Biggest show in cable and, uh, bigger than a lot of network TV.

Let's just say television participant.

Okay.

All right.

So, and cake boss, would you consider yourself to be a TV star?

Yes.

Without a doubt.

So this may be named after me.

This may be a little inequal then.

Maybe when Glenn becomes a zombie, then technically you are the title character.

That's what I would like to see.

Cause I think, I think I, I think you're dead at the end of the season, but I'd love for you to get away and you'd be like the first zombie learns how to run.

And then you're just like always fucking with them.

You know, like you're always, they're waking up in the jail and all of a sudden they hear a clunk, clunk, clunk, and it's Glenn and you're just like, guess who?

And then you like, you're the first zombie to learn how to talk to talk.

You can fall in love, like in warm bodies.

And it's just, it's called Glenn after that.

That's with an exclamation point.

Yeah.

Walking Glenn.

That'd be great.

What if it's a spit off like Joey?

Where he goes out to California, gets an apartment with his brother.

Yeah.

Adrian from the Spritos is all there.

That wouldn't be so bad.

Sounds pretty good guys.

We better mail it to ourselves.

So speaking of good guys, you're both good guys.

And I think that, uh, good fellows.

But Steven, you must have a question for the cake boss.

You're you're on TV.

You're on TV at the same time at the same point in history, you must have a million questions.

I'd love to hear you ask one of them.

We could talk shop.

Okay.

I wonder why there aren't any savory cakes.

Oh, there are, but pizza flavored.

It's by accident.

It in England, they have this thing where they think everything is a pie.

Everything's a cake.

Some of those things are not.

Shepherd's pie for instance.

First of all, uh, uh, I hate pie.

It can burn in hell.

Yeah, exactly.

Uh, if you eat pie, you're a disgusting monster.

And the people who, who eat pie and who make pies are the worst people on earth.

Right?

Yeah.

I wish that they would get slow stomach cancer.

Yeah.

It's tantamount to child pornographers.

What's the difference?

Can you spot the differences?

So you don't watch the show pie Lord.

I thought it was going to Game of Thrones.

Okay.

So, but that is a great question.

Yeah.

I know that people like to experiment with the pudding.

What is that?

They like to what now?

Du-speram- Du-speram- Ex-speram- Du-speram- Ex-speram- I got access!

It's a dialect.

It's regional.

All right, go ahead.

People like to, excuse me, experiment, happy.

They like to, uh, put a salt from the sea on some chocolate and then they're like, Oh, this is a, I feel like a Roman emperor combining these things.

I'm like Caligula.

Hey horse, you're the mayor of this town now.

Uh, but, uh, salt is actually an ingredient in cake making.

Of all the ingredients that you have.

Yeah, I was going to say you said ingredient first and then , and then, uh, Yeah, you have an ingredient and then you have more and you have ingredients.

Oh, okay.

That's the distinction.

Okay.

I'm so sorry.

Yeah, it's called plurals.

What's with this guy?

Say distinction.

Distinction.

What is, what is it?

We're naming words?

I don't know.

We just like to hear you talk.

It's fun.

Yeah.

Thank you very much.

That's certainly flattering.

So my point is, uh, salt is of course an ingredient in the cake making.

Uh, but you can't put too much in there because then it's like a weird sponge of salt.

It's like a salt lick.

Salt lick?

Yeah.

Who wants that?

Horses.

Would you like a savory cake?

Is that why you ask?

I mean, just like a cake you'd eat as a meal.

Oh Steve, I got no time to make you a savory cake.

I'm so busy making other cakes all the time.

He has five hours for you to do it.

Oh, if only you'd given me six hours.

Oh, I need something to happen in the middle though.

That's dramatic.

Like you almost drop it though.

What?

You mean in life?

No, just when you make it the cake, you have to, while you 're, I didn't try.

Hey, what are you doing?

An Italian accent?

Yeah.

That was, that was a really accidental.

Making a cake.

Yeah.

Like that would be really interesting if you went back and Glenn had an Italian accent.

I think that's what I'm going to try for.

You're just like, and you, and you set it up in the first episode.

You're like, you tell everyone like Maggie and everyone, you're like, I'm trying on this new.

And then you just do it all season.

You're like, go kill the zombies.

I'm going to get some prize.

What if Glenn gets hit on the head and he becomes like an Italian count or something.

Yeah, exactly.

And he's like, Hey, how come all of these are bees around here?

This is not good for my castle.

I have a friend who was hit on the head.

He was walking outside and he was walking underneath like some sort of flower pot or something like that.

He was hit on the head and he was actually, he's an English Lord.

And he all of a sudden thought that he was a janitor.

It was really, it was, it's a strange story.

Really?

Yeah.

That's strange credulity Scott Oxman.

Yeah.

A lot of people thought it strange credulity.

What's that story called?

Uh, the story of episode 180 something.

Sure.

That's a good title for a story.

I got a title for your book.

Cake Boss.

What's that?

Cake Boss, Cake Boss, Cake Boss.

You know, I wrote a book.

I already wrote a book.

It's not called Cake Boss, Cake Boss?

It's not called Cake Boss, Cake Boss, Cake Boss, Cake Boss.

It's just called, Hey, what do you want from me?

Here's some cakes.

How'd it do?

It did okay.

You know, I had high hopes, but, uh, you know, at the end I saw it in the remainder section and, uh, I got a little sad .

The Remainders of the Day.

Poured my life into that book.

Sorry.

I don't mean to joke about it.

So no, it's, it's funny.

You make a play on a movie title.

The movie was the remains of the day.

And then I said, I understood it.

I understood it.

I had to make a remains of the day cake one time.

Did you really?

What would that be?

Yeah.

It was, uh, it was a little, I had a little, uh, found on Anthony Hopkins, right.

And he's turning away from a little, uh, found out, uh, Ebert Thompson and, uh, they could never, it was the, uh, two parts of the cake that could never be together.

Cause the one part was too reserved.

And then did the person who get the cake, were they living out there sort of like, you know, shipper fantasies where they were putting the two of them together and yeah, it was a sad person.

Yeah.

Commissioned that cake.

Yeah.

Oh, who was it?

It was a famous person.

I remember you telling me it was Rudolph Giuliani.

Wow.

Yeah.

He was between wives.

He wanted the remains of the day cake.

Yeah.

Amazing.

Interesting.

Tell you what guys, why?

I didn't pay him for a merchant ivory fan.

What would you think he'd be a fan of?

Harmony Korine.

Possibly.

I don't even put him in the cake category of that guy.

Oh, Giuliani.

I got him mixed up with Bloomberg.

You think he's a pie guy.

You think Giuliani's a pie guy?

No, he's a cake guy.

You think Bloomberg is a pie guy?

Mm-hmm.

Who are some of the worst pie guys you've ever met?

Well, Shadow Stevens.

Oh, Fred rated.

Of course, uh, Kick.

Kick.

Kim Jong Il, of course.

Of course.

Uh, rest his soul.

He's a terrible pie fan.

Wait, I thought you said you hoped they burn in hell, and now you're saying rest his soul?

Yeah, but I don't want to speak ill of the dead.

While they're still alive, they can go to hell.

But once you're dead, you know, it's a shame.

Yeah, he might be that.

Uh, who else?

Ulysses S. Grant.

Um, what is this list?

I forgot.

Pie, notorious pie people.

Pie people.

Oh.

I've heard that you won't even say the word pies on because it says pie in there.

Yeah.

And you're Italian and that's tough for you.

And you refuse to play pie gal also.

That comes up less than you would think.

You never go down to commerce and play some pie gal.

Don't get a lot of pie gal invitations.

What would you call Steve's on?

Zon my Zon?

Well, he's not Italian, so I wouldn't.

Oh, okay.

I see.

Yeah.

Interesting.

What is origin is?

I don't know.

We're going to find this out.

It's exciting because his name's got a Z in it.

Steve, if you're watching, go comment on youtube.com.

What if he's from the future?

You think to be watching you'd have to be from the future?

Well, cause his name is Zon.

It sounds like a future name.

That is true.

He does sound like some weird kind of alien.

Thoughts?

Do you think he's related to Superman?

I met him once.

I bothered him in England with Matthew McConaughey and I felt really terrible about it.

Wait, he was with Matthew McConaughey?

You know Matthew McConaughey bothered Steve Zon in England?

I bothered Matthew McConaughey and Steve Zon at the same time because we were there watching the world series.

Some world series where the Yankees were about to win.

It was in England and then I said, could I have...

The world series was not in England.

First of all, your story does not check out.

Damn it.

It was on a TV in England.

On a TV in England.

And so...

They have TVs over there.

They do.

Telly.

Telly they call it.

Slightly unbelievable.

Slightly.

And I said, hey, huge fan.

And then I couldn't remember at the time what I was a huge fan of.

You have to provide credit.

You do.

And then...

Cause they'll quiz you.

Sahara probably hadn't come out yet if they were just hanging out together, right?

Were they in Sahara together?

Oh, is that what it was?

Oh, that's probably what it was.

Oh yeah.

Do you think while you were bothering them, do you think you interrupted them bothering each other?

That could be.

Cause Steve Zon's just trying to get a slice of za.

And...

Boy.

And then...

Or some fish and chips.

I haven't seen you in a while.

I forgot how you are.

And then Matthew McConaughey comes rolling up to him.

He's like, well, all right, all right, all right.

Did he have a shirt on?

Yes, he did.

It was a tight shirt.

Real tight.

It was really tight?

Really?

I think.

That's how I choose to remember.

So tight where it's like, I might as well not be wearing a shirt.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

I mean, that's how you should always remember Matthew McCon aughey.

I think he just either no shirt or tight as a shirt.

That's how we always will.

Yeah.

God rest his soul.

He's dead, right?

He died today.

Yeah.

Scoop.

All right, guys.

Well, let's...

We started the conversation with that part.

Yeah, no, we should have brought that up earlier.

Yeah, if you're watching this live, Matthew McConaughey died earlier today.

I thought to present with the McConaughey family.

Of course, yeah.

He has no family, of course, but he was a filthy orphan, as we all know about Matthew McConaughey.

Yeah.

Yeah, and now his child is a filthy orphan because he just had a kid.

Yeah.

All right, well, on that note, let's take a break and let's reflect upon the McConaughey legacy.

And when we come back, we'll be right back with more Steve Yeun, more Doug Bensun, and more...

Cakebust!

We'll be right back.

Cakebust!

Take me soon!

Welcome back to the show Comedy Bang Bang.

We're here with Steven Yeun.

We're here with Doug Bensun and we are here with Cakebust.

Cakebust.

You look mad.

Is there something the matter?

It's just the natural scent of my face.

I guess, but here's...

For years of being stressed out about making cakes, this is what I've done to myself.

Here's what I think you're mad about, okay?

Because we're recording this on March 14th.

Is this your least favorite day?

Give us a ball! Why do you have to mention it, too?

It's of course, Pi Day.

Pi Day!

3.14.

They try to fool me, first of all, by taking the E off and then also making it about math.

But I know that it's really about the food.

Yeah.

It's Pi Day, Pi Day.

Everybody loves Pi Day.

Well, you tried to get us in trouble with all kinds of songs and legalities.

Come on.

This guy.

What about...

Do you think that girl even wrote that song down somewhere?

Or just went right into the studio?

It never occurred to me.

Did she just freestyle it?

What cake boss do you think about Cake Day?

Why can't we have a Cake Day?

Why don't you spearhead this initiative?

Why do you want to just sit there and have everything be handed to you?

Why don't you fight for it yourself?

I tried to, but I'm not good with math.

I said, how come that can't be a number?

A number that adds up to cake.

Isn't every day Cake Day?

Steve, that's what I like to say.

But a lot of people say to me, no, it's not every day.

It's only some days, special occasions.

And I say, make every day a special occasion with a cake.

Do you eat cake every day?

Yeah, every single day.

That's all I eat.

Every single meal?

Every single meal.

I can't remember the last time I ate a food that was not cake.

Do you think that one of the things that bit you...

We all know that you've been bitten by a cake bug, a cake scarab.

Been bitten by a cake bug, bit by a cake scarab, been bitten by a cake wolf.

Do you remember that time I gave a big cake to Ambie?

I do remember it.

Don't you have to be careful?

Do you think that one of the...

You do have to be careful.

This is what I try to tell people.

Do you think that one of those times has turned you into some sort of other being that doesn't need to eat real food and vegetables anymore?

I don't know.

I don't feel great.

How are your teeth?

Not good.

They're pretty soft.

Like if I were to poke one...

Probably go right down my throat.

So don't.

I'd appreciate it.

I kind of want to poke one.

I don't resist them.

You think I don't want to poke all my teeth down my throat?

Of course I do.

It drives me crazy.

Gummy bear soft?

Yeah, probably gummy bear soft.

Like...

But not sticky.

Not sticky.

You think they're going to be...

That would be disgusting.

You don't have sticky teeth.

I was just asking about his hair.

You have a luxurious head of hair.

Oh, thank you.

So that must be...

Cake must be responsible for that.

I think it gives it a certain luster.

Like a dog having a shiny coat because they eat some good dog food that has egg in it.

There's plenty of eggs in cake.

That's true.

I remember Bill Cosby talked about that.

The best comedy routine of all time.

When he talks about making chocolate cake for breakfast.

Oh no, okay.

I thought you were talking about Noah, actually.

He also had a great routine about going to the dentist too, though.

That's true.

They go hand in hand.

That was on the same record.

It was almost like two sides of the same coin or two sides of the same record.

He just told stories from his life and we all related to them.

Yeah.

We have some questions coming from viewers and unfortunately we didn't get the name of this.

Viewers?

What are you talking about?

Well, this is live on YouTube as we're doing.

Why?

I don't know.

So this comes to us...

Unfortunately, we don't have his or her name, but this is for Steven.

Steven, what would happen if you were bitten by a cake walk er?

Oh, I'd probably turn into cake boss.

Cake boss junior.

Cake boss junior?

I'd like to see that.

You'd be about half the size of cake...

Half the size, half the girth, but just a soft teeth.

You had to mention girth, didn't you?

I just...

Had to get that in there.

Party on girth.

I'm so sorry.

That would knock the wind out of me a little bit.

I'd do it more when you're here.

Party on girth.

This comes to us from...

Probably go into diabetic shock if you got bit by a cake walker.

Yeah, that's probably more likely.

This comes to us from Blizznik.

Blizznik asks, cake boss, what's the most erotic cake you 've ever made?

What a saucy question from Blizznik.

It is.

It's a little inappropriate, but I'll take it.

Sometimes people come into the cake kitchen and they say, cake boss, I want to make...

Cake boss.

What just happened?

I don't know.

People come into the cake kitchen and they say, cake boss, I want you to make a bit of a naughty cake because...

Do they really put their hand up like that when they get it ?

Yeah, they put up their hand shield.

They don't want to passers by to see what they're saying?

Yeah, lip readers.

You know how people...

There's thieves that hang out at the gas station with bin oculars so they can read your credit card number.

There's people that are hanging out across the street from bakeries.

They can lip read and they're waiting to see people ordering erotic cakes that they pleasure themselves in.

They blackmail them.

They blackmail those in the street.

Oh, I thought they blackmailed those.

No, they should blackmail them.

They just jerk off.

Yeah.

I don't know how much money you could get from just revealing the secret to somebody purchased an erotic cake.

I know what kind of cake you ordered last summer.

Well, Douglas will ease.

He does.

He just proved it.

The most erotic cake that I ever was commissioned to make ...

Thought I heard somebody's phone making noise over there, but that would be wildly unprofessional.

This guy came in and he said, my wife and I, we've been married for 75 years.

What?

How old must he have been?

He was old as sin.

Probably in the high 150s, I think he was.

So he got married at 75?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Probably late in life.

He was a late bloomer.

Okay.

So he said, my love for my wife knows no bounds.

What's that?

My wife.

Nothing my wife.

I don't understand this repeating stuff.

It's driving me crazy.

So this guy said, my love for my wife is the most beautiful thing in the world.

He's happening.

So this guy says, I'm married to this lady.

I love her so much.

I love this lady.

I was like, you better stretch on those movies.

So he says, I want to reinvigorate our sex life.

I said, this is too much information.

TMI, of course.

You know, it's fun.

Pawnee on earth.

So he says, I want to make her a beautiful, loving cake, but that is also very erotic so we can look at it.

It'll get us all hot and then we'll eat the cake and smear it all over each other like they did in, how many weeks was it?

No, I believe it was a shy of 10.

Yeah.

It was more than nine, but less than 10.

Yeah.

It didn't, I remember it somehow was like at the midpoint of the week.

So like at about noon on Wednesday.

Yeah.

Hump day.

No mistake.

That entire movie took place on hump day, as a matter of fact.

Really?

Yeah.

I didn't realize that.

Yeah.

It was all in real time too.

A lot of people don't realize that.

I didn't realize that myself.

Of course.

It's like an episode of 24.

There's plenty of people who don't even realize what movie you're talking about.

That's probably true, those movies.

We're not doing it for those people who don't know what we 're talking about.

We're doing it for the smart people who get it.

That's right.

Who cares about the audience?

So he said, I want you to make something that's tasteful, but it certainly will appeal to someone's basic nature.

Instinct.

Sure.

Yes.

Instincts, basic instinct.

Did he give you any instructions other than that or did he leave it up to your sort of imagination?

Yeah.

He said, make it a lady fucking a horse.

That was probably the most erotic ache that I've made.

Not a specific lady though?

No, he said a nice lady.

Okay.

So how did you sort of incorporate her niceness into the design?

She was smiling?

Yeah.

She had a polite smile on her face.

A specific horse?

No.

Any horse and any lady.

I was meaning to make it any horse.

Any two that you could get together.

Was she wearing like a cardigan to keep it down?

She had a shrug on.

Okay.

Pearl necklace.

All right.

Well, this comes to us from Ken Hatch.

Nothing?

Really?

I was actually, nevermind.

Were you shrugging in lieu of the audience?

All right.

This comes to us from Ken Hatch.

Ken Hatch.

What's that screen Dave Veed?

I don't get it.

I don't know.

Maybe a lost fan?

He asked.

Cake Boss, what do you think of Life of Pi?

The movie.

Doug loves movies.

He probably loves it.

What do you think of the movie?

Should I see it?

It's good.

Obviously the title put me off.

Sure.

And I thought, what, I'm going to see this movie about some tiger who enters a pie eating contest?

Is that what it's about?

No, no, no, no.

What else could it be about?

It's the origin story.

Why would you think it's about a tiger just from the title?

Well, I've seen the trailers for it.

Oh, okay.

I watch the television.

There was never a pie eating contest in the trailer.

No, but it's called Life of Pi.

There's a tiger.

And in the trailers, I assume they're constantly calling the kid Pi, his name in the movie.

What, the kid save his pie?

Why would anybody be calling him Pi?

He's on a boat with a tiger.

It's not a talking tiger.

But previously, if he can't talk, how does he enter the pie eating contest?

I think you're thinking of Stand By Me has a pie eating contest.

I think you're thinking of Tony the Tiger from Frosted Fl akes.

Definitely.

You're thinking of Tony Shapiro from The Chaperatos.

Yes.

And what are you thinking of?

I'm just thinking of like why I'm here.

Why is this happening?

What am I thinking of now?

Wait a minute.

Maybe we're all psychic.

Zombie apocalypse doesn't look so bad right now, does it?

I think you're thinking of cake?

Yeah.

How did you know?

I'm psychic.

I think I'm psychic.

Yeah, you're like the mentalist.

I'm not interested in you.

Come on.

I'm teaching!

Cake boss!

How dare you say that about me and concurrently the mental ist?

I'm teaching!

Did you like the TV show No Cake Boss?

Cake boss?

It was just called Boss.

No Cake.

With Frazier?

Just Boss.

With Frazier.

I felt he was trying to rip me off in a subtle way.

Is Dr. Frazier boss, is he the boss of everything but cakes ?

Is that what that was meant to imply?

That's how I took it, that he was the sort of sovereign lord over everything that is not cake.

That's where I come in.

I would love to see a crossover between you guys' shows.

You know how to boost ratings, like CSI did it with Two and a Half Men where they both appeared on each other's shows?

First of all, I would love to see the cast of The Walking Dead in character come through the kitchen and discover that Cake Boss is still alive and then join in on a show.

Whose show would we be on?

Yeah, because they're kind of different realities, right?

Yeah, I think on your show, Walking Dead, you make your way out of the prison, you find your- Go to New Jersey.

Go to New Jersey, find yourself in a TV studio and then see Buddy here.

I think his name is Buddy Vellister.

What is your name again?

I'm so sorry.

I'm much like a ghost.

Buddy Vellastro.

Vellastro.

And you see him and he's broadcasting his Cake Boss show out there to the world and you realize to get your message of who you are and you want to get messages to loved ones, you have to be on his show and bake a cake with him in order to disseminate that information.

Meanwhile, on your show, what I want to have happen- On the Learning Channel.

On the Learning Channel.

A reality show where I bake cakes in real life.

I want the zombie apocalypse to happen in real life and then these guys as themselves, not as the actors, these guys happen to be the ones who survive and you do not and they come and behead you.

First of all, I don't like the way my character is portrayed on The Walking Dead because I seem to be very selfish that I'm making people bake a cake with me in exchange for getting a message out to their loved ones.

That seems very selfish to me.

It's fair.

You might have the only technology and you have a limited amount of resource.

So you got to bake a cake to get in.

How am I any better than this awful governor on your show who purports to be a nice fellow but is clearly not a nice fellow?

He's got a head in a jar.

But Steven makes a good point here.

I imagine that to get into your TV studio, you have to bake a cake as a password, right?

There's some sort of like keypad technology that you have to bake a cake in order to bypass Yeah, this seems impractical.

Does it?

So I have a cake kitchen ready to go outside of the studio.

Yes, you have a mini kitchen.

I don't have a studio.

They filmed the show in my kitchen.

I don't know where you've I've never seen it.

This is how I find out Scott Oksham has never seen an episode of the cake balls.

I just learned the TLC stands for the learning channel.

I thought it was T-Boz, Left Eye, and Chili.

Rest in peace.

Wow.

Sorry.

I'm so sorry, Cake Boss.

Okay, boss.

Another thing that I had a problem with is that if they come in to my show and they're talking about the zombie apocalypse, isn't that going to scare people who look to my show for a reality?

I'm saying no in reality, this happens and you become a zombie and they come in and behead you.

And if that is a deal breaker, by the way, they could just come in and behead you and there is no zombie apocalypse.

But then if you do it in reality television, do you have to do it for real?

Yeah.

Oh, so you'd be done.

That'd be the end of your show.

Yeah, I'm saying that you'd behead Cake Boss.

It might be more than the end of my show.

I mean, I'm seeing a bigger picture here where I'm not alive anymore because I don't have a head.

No, but before you die, you can make a cake that's in the shape of your head.

And you can put it on your shoulders and walk around with a cake head.

Fellas, fellas.

Then you'd be a truly bit cake zombie Cake Boss.

Cake Boss.

You don't think I've already made a cake replica of my own head into which you could insert my living brain?

Of course I have.

I'm always two steps ahead, you guys.

Okay, so then what's the issue?

What's the step before the second step?

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, that's great.

Great question.

If that's the second step.

Why are you...

I can't believe you're asking me that question.

If you're two steps ahead, what is...

I'm always two steps ahead.

Yeah, what's that missing step that we don't even know about that you've already done as well?

This is it, the way you tried to behead me.

Oh, okay.

This isn't like a...

I took the step of not being beheaded.

This isn't some plan.

We haven't done this podcast just to behead you today.

No, it's just...

But if it comes up...

It just worked out that way.

Yeah.

Now that you've shown that, it sounds like exactly what is happening.

We... I mean, we may behead you by the end of the program.

Oh, I don't like the shout of this at all.

That's what happens when you come on a snuff cast.

We've changed the title of the show to the snuff cast, by the way.

Well, you should tell your guests because that's kind of a deal breaker.

Well, that's kind of the point.

We don't wanna tell the guests.

Fair enough.

All right.

I want your snuff cast.

It's a surprise just this one week.

May I humbly request...

Yes, sir.

...that I not be beheaded by the end of the show?

How good are you, Steven, at beheading?

So good now.

Yeah.

If you had to behead someone, would you be able to do it?

Just from the skills that you've learned on this show?

Digitally and like halfway.

I don't mind being digitally beheaded.

Meaning with my fingers?

I don't like words that mean more than what they...

Whoops!

That scared me!

I'm just kind of practicing a little bit.

You scared me!

Oh, you're scaring me!

Okay.

Just trying to see.

I wanna know if your neck is as soft as your teeth.

It's pretty solid, actually.

Pretty solid neck.

You got a solid neck?

All right, we'll see.

All right, guys.

All the cake goes right to my neck.

I'll tell you what.

It is time to play one of our favorite features on this show.

This is a little something we call Would You Rather.

♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ All right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played, of course.

And people send us Would You Rather scenarios to my Twitter .

No.

Oh, God, I've already mentioned that.

So you can send it to your Twitter, at Scott Ochserman.

No.

Ochserman, don't you mean?

No, I'm reading the Twitter handle.

Okay, so wait.

So when you say my name without reading it, you say it Ochserman, but when you read it, you say it...

What are you talking about?

Never mind.

All right.

Scott Ochserman.

And you can be contacted at Scott Ochserman.

I don't know.

I don't understand these rules.

All right.

No, don't send them to me.

Send them to our...

The show's Twitter handle, which is CBBWYR.

But you will also see them if they send them to you.

Just send them to snuffcast.com, and we will, of course...

What I do is I read them out loud, okay?

You're a listener of the show.

You must know this backwards and forwards, of course.

Why am I even bothering you?

I should just launch into it, right?

But I'll still say it.

I read them out loud.

I will then open the floor for questions.

You can ask any question you like about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice.

At a certain point, I will close this floor for questions.

There will be no more questions after that.

Is that clear?

Will there be any warning?

Absolutely no warning.

This is your final warning in the fact that there will be no warning about the floor being closed for questions.

Are we crystal clear on this?

Because there's been a lot of fucking trouble in the past.

Oh!

Didn't you just say this word earlier?

That was a professional contact.

Okay.

All right.

So then we'll vote, and then you guys know how to do it.

Okay, here we go.

This comes to us from Chris Davidson.

Chris Davidson 81.

Okay, that's a great name.

Well, yeah, I get it.

I get it.

Okay.

He asks, would you rather run a crime syndicate of nuns and grandmas or only be able to tweet about your poops?

Would you rather run a crime syndicate of nuns and grandmas or only be able to tweet about your poops?

All right.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

I have a question.

Yo, Cake Boss.

What is the price?

In the scenario where you run a crime syndicate of, what was it, nuns and grandmas?

Nuns and grandmas, yeah.

Is there a definite distinction between nuns and grandmas or are some of the grandma's nuns and are some of the nuns grandmas?

Great question.

Unfortunately, I think the very definition of a nun means that you have not had children.

So I'm afraid I'm going to have to dock you points.

Hold on a second.

This is a crazy topsy turvy reality.

I don't know what the rules are.

It's not that crazy.

All right, Cake Boss.

Cake Boss.

Negative one point.

Oh, he wrote it.

So sorry.

Now, what if all of my tweets are already about my poops?

And you're going to fit right in.

That'll be an easy choice then.

Yeah, probably.

But then again, how lucrative is this grandma's and nuns mob?

Are they good at what they do or are they a bunch of fuck ups?

They're actually the best at what they do, which is fucking up.

Okay.

Oh, so they're like a crazy gang of ragtag bitch.

It's a lot like a Damon Runyon kind of scenario, you know, like some sort of a lemon drop kid kind of thing where...

What do they try to do I'd fail at?

Basically, they try to murder everyone.

Oh, so it's just a murder crime syndicate.

They don't even try to make money.

They just try to murder.

No racketeering.

They think they're going to make money by eliminating all the people in the world.

And so thereby all the money will then belong to them.

I think that crosses you into genocide.

You know, maybe you're splitting hairs at this point.

It sounds like all murders are genocide.

All genocide are murders, but not all murders are genocide.

Not all nuns can be grandmas.

Exactly.

Is it a specific set of recruited grandmas and nuns or is it all grandmas and all nuns?

Great question.

It is all grandmas and nuns.

The minute that you go into this reality, you have hypnotic , you hold hypnotic sway over all nuns and all grandmas.

You beckon to them with your brain.

They...

Like Aquaman!

Yes, exactly.

You send out concentric circles and these other grandmas come running.

But except Aquaman had fish that would come running.

This is more...

Oh, good distinction.

Yeah, okay, good.

I just wanted to make sure that everyone knew.

These grandmas don't rule the fish.

They don't rule wildlife.

Yeah, exactly.

And the absurd.

Yeah, so, but if there is some sort of sea life that is a grandma, some old sea lion, maybe...

I have a question.

Yes.

How many generations of sea life are there in this reality?

Like, in our reality, I don't think that most of the fish really live that long.

Well, the turtles live 150 years.

Turtles, I'm talking about.

Let's...

What do you mean turtles I'm talking about?

The turtles I can do without them!

What?

Come on!

I could take a leaf turtle!

Have you ever made a turtle cake?

I made a tortoise cake.

Does that count?

No.

So sorry.

Negative one more point.

That doesn't seem like it should count.

So sorry, so sorry.

Nobody asked me to make a turtle cake!

So sorry.

I was for the right party at Blade Runner!

You don't have to be asked.

Oh, for Blade Runner.

Really?

Wow, who was at that party?

Everybody in the cast.

Daryl Hannah?

Yes.

Is that how she got the idea to be in Splash?

Maybe.

Alright.

Any other questions?

Oh, did I answer that question to your satisfaction?

So it's including all living grandmothers of all species?

Yes, all living grandmothers of all species, be it bears.

There's one species right there.

Right there.

You know what I mean?

This is a big operation.

What about mythological creatures?

Do they have grandmas?

Were they to exist?

In this reality, they would.

But obviously they don't.

Plus one point.

You're back to negative one.

I don't know how to feel about it.

Okay, I have a question for the poops.

Of course, yes.

Do you have to take pictures?

Yeah, finally!

You take pictures of the poop and do you get to take pictures?

I think you're asking?

Yes.

Can it be a vine of my poops?

Yes, of course.

Yeah, you're allowed to Instagram, take pictures.

Anything that Twitter can do, you can send it to your Facebook.

Okay, and is it widely accepted?

Are you contributing positively to the world by doing it?

That's a heavy question.

Do people like this tweet?

Is it a popular Twitter account?

How many followers do I have?

Here's the thing.

You have as many followers as you have in normal life and you have the same followers who like you for whatever you do in real life, but they're just constantly confused about why you've chosen to only tweet about your poops.

Yes, of course.

Do I want to tweet about other things, but I am unable to do so?

Yes, Cakebob.

Oh, Cakebob!

That sounds like a living hell!

Mark Marone, it is.

But I gotta positive to that.

Are you able to have cool poops?

Like poops that have never been seen before?

That is a great question.

Yes, your poops, the reason you tweet about them so much is because they're in these really interesting shapes and interesting colors.

I mean, it's almost like fireworks coming out of you.

And they're so magnificent that they have to be tweeted about.

So you can get like a rainbow dinosaur poop.

Well, that's absurd, Steven.

I'm so sorry.

Oh, he got you, Steven.

Negative one point.

How does it feel to be down in the basement with Cakebob?

You guys are tied, Doug.

You started at negative one.

I did?

So you're tied up.

That's pretty much continues.

Okay, good.

Yes.

Any other questions here?

Yes.

The floor might close.

Hurry up.

In the what?

The floor might close for questions.

But there's not any warning.

There's no warning.

In the scenario where...

Faster, Cakebob.

Faster.

Cakebob, when you have the grandpa being the awful crime shit to get, do I find love?

Cakebob?

Cakebob.

Yeah, you do.

You find true love.

And the love of family.

Like in a fairy tale?

I mean, it's not like that because actually love that's in fairy tales is actually, you know, that's fairy tale love.

That's not real love.

It's not agape.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, I do.

I do.

Yeah.

But so you find actual real love and not that love that's, you know, not that Snow White and the Seven Huntsmen.

Not Filet-O.

Is that right?

What did you say?

I don't know.

The Filet-O love.

Agape.

Filet-O fish?

Filet-O.

Is that what you were thinking of?

I think you're probably thinking of Filet-O fish.

That's what I've been thinking about all day is Filet-O fish.

Really?

I gotta get some of those fish bites.

Hey, tomorrow it's Friday.

What's fish bites?

Is that Filet-O fish Friday?

It's a new thing.

Is that a thing?

That's why if you're Catholic, then you...

Cross talk.

That's why you eat fish on Fridays.

Not anymore.

The Pope, he lifted that by hand.

Did he do that?

That was his first thing?

That's right.

Yesterday?

No, no.

This is a long time ago.

Older Pope.

New Pope hasn't done shit yet.

No, he hasn't done it yet.

Ollie doesn't treat him out as poops.

Poop poops.

Hashtag.

Are you able to absolve yourself of guilt of your crime syndicate?

You have no moral conscience.

Oh.

So it makes no difference to you.

But you found true love.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, you found a good woman who appreciates that you have no moral conscience and supports you in everything that you do.

But how can I respect that woman?

You know what I mean?

If I'm this monster running this crime syndicate of old people and people who have sacrificed their sexual being for Jesus Christ, our Lord, how can I respect a woman who lives with such a monster?

Are you trying to say how can you fall in love if you don't love yourself?

Ugh, I guess I am.

Great question.

It's easy.

Just find some woman who's physically attractive and your brain tricks you into thinking you're in love with her.

Ooh, I like it.

Great.

That's good advice.

Questions?

Any more questions?

There's not going to be any warning when I close down, so get them all out now, okay?

Can you tweet about whatever you want or is it just about crime if you're running the crime syndicate?

You are able to tweet about whatever you want.

But do you always tweet about crime?

You always tweet about your poops.

You think it's funny.

In the other scenario, you're tortured by it, but in this one you think it's funny.

And your poops aren't special.

You're always just like...

Yeah, yeah.

Shitty shit.

It really comes down to state of mind.

This decision.

Push back this.

It really does.

P-E-R-S-P-E-C-T-I-V-E.

That's how it's spelled, I think.

Yes, sir.

All right.

Any other questions?

I have a question.

Yes.

You are compelled to say I have a question every single time I ask.

I might have a sickness.

It's like cake boss.

Cake boss.

In the...

What are you talking about?

I don't know.

In the scenario where...

In the scenario where I'm...

Yes, cake boss.

Cake boss.

Where I'm tweeting the poops.

Yeah, you're tweeting about it in both scenarios, so which one do you mean?

Do I find...

More specific.

Oh, the one where I'm compelled to do so by the power of Christ?

Yes, of course.

It is Christ who, yeah, fills...

The power of Christ compels me.

Yes, of course.

Do I find true love in that scenario?

Cake boss.

Because who could love such a person?

Who's tweeting about his poops and is tortured by that?

Cake boss.

You don't.

No, I thought that.

You date a lot of models.

Just a constant stream of a new model every...

No, it's sex, but it's not love.

I mean, but it's really good sex.

Oh, sure.

Are you able to monetize your...

Your fucking models?

Poop tweets.

Poop tweets, yes.

Yeah, you get great sponsors.

And is it painful when you have those extravagant poops?

Yes, it's incredibly painful.

Oh, this makes it easier.

You can't enjoy the go then.

It makes it easier the fact that it's painful because you like pain.

No, the opposite.

You like pain when you poop.

Oh, no.

This game is all about getting to know the contestants.

Steven Young likes pain...

No, this is bad.

...in his beehole.

No.

Is that what you're saying?

No, that was a real stretch.

Interesting.

Really, you like to stretch your beehole.

That's a really large stretch in the back.

Like he was stretchy.

I'm just glad you're saying beehole.

Yeah, I know.

We don't want to...

Clean it up.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, I'm doing it out of deference for you.

Well...

I don't like that kind of language.

Thank you.

I try to keep it classy.

I closed the floor for questions.

Well, there was no warning.

It was out of nowhere.

Why would you do that to us?

I'm going to ask another question.

All right, guys.

I'm so sorry.

Just two more.

You know what the great thing is?

Is you're tied at negative one apiece.

That's a great thing.

So it's anyone's game.

It literally is anyone's game at this point.

It may as well be zero apiece.

Okay.

Because you're all even.

Yeah.

Or it could be, you know, 450 to 450 to 450.

It makes the score doesn't make any difference at this point.

Nobody thinks that the number is 666 because that's scary.

That is very scary.

Yeah, don't do that.

Yeah.

All right, guys.

So I'm going to ask you to vote.

We're going to start here with Steve, who it seems the minute I said painful, his eyes lit up and...

I saw it.

What?

For me, I would run the crime syndicate.

Crime syndicate.

Yes.

Because you do what's going on.

I was trying to say I don't like pain, especially in the B hole.

And the back hole.

Yeah.

And if you're going to make the same amount of money as you would sponsoring your tweets about poop and you're going to have true love and still not feel guilty for running a crime syndicate of nuns and grandmothers.

Right.

I mean, you're in the top 1% right there.

Unfortunately, Steve, if I may call you Steve, I didn't say you make the same amount of money.

You make far more money getting your poop tweets sponsored.

Classic would you rather blunder.

Classic blunder.

But you're locked in.

You voted already.

All right.

Yeah.

Do not make an assumption.

I do.

Because when you do, you make an ass out of assumption.

Sam Jackson, Long Kiss Goodnight.

Exactly.

Doug loves movies.

I do.

From Doug loves movies.

I love you and umption.

I like the idea of, I've always wanted to aspire to be a tortured artist.

And I think a man who can only tweet about one subject and he doesn't like it, that's going to, that's going to bring out some creativity.

That's in the other aspects of your life.

That's going to move the world.

That's what I, that's what I mean is like, I like this, uh, adversity that you're throwing at me.

You're not just a guy who tweets like that's your only thing.

Running a fucking syndicate.

That's how that can help the world.

Yeah, exactly.

You can do so many other things.

Well, you know.

Okay, great.

All right, Doug.

Good answer.

I don't want that to influence you, kick boss, but uh, how do you like to vote?

I vote for the scenario where I run the crime syndicate.

Not because of a stereotypical Italian New Jersey thing, but because I hate nuns.

They were cruel and vicious to me when I was a child going to parochial school and I would love nothing more than to have power over them, watch them bubble around being terrible criminals, but forced to do so because I can make concent ric circles that control nuns come out of my hand.

And you find love.

Yeah, that's a modish with a hot lady.

And it's not that, you know, it's a stereotypical Italian thing, but it just seems like you'd have more in common with the people you're working with in that scenario, right?

Oh, how's that?

Well, just, you know, like the people that you'd be working with probably.

Oh, what kind of people are those?

Well, just, you know, it seems to me like you'd be friend lier with them than maybe with, you know, I mean the people who are in the mafia.

Just say it.

Italians.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

Now I see.

But that is true though.

Yeah.

Okay, good.

All right.

All right, well, let's tally up the points.

Steve, classic blunder.

You're out of the running.

Disqualification right there.

So sorry.

I could have, you know, I could have just.

We've had several first timers.

Yeah.

Snatch victory from the jaws of defeat, but not you.

I'm usually come from behind.

That's not helping.

It's not helping at all.

All right.

Doug loves movies.

You love movies, so you get three bonus loving movies points.

Thank you.

So you're at two.

Sorry.

If you love, you like them, there's no bonus points.

I love them.

And you, you voted for, uh, uh, incorrectly, unfortunately.

So, uh, you get no bonus points for the, uh, for voting correctly.

And, uh, cake boss, you voted correctly.

Uh, you do not love movies.

So sorry.

I liked them though.

But you get two points for voting correctly.

That means you are one.

So sorry, Doug Benson, you are a winner.

Congratulations.

I'm the best.

I hate dog loves movies.

Just for loving movies.

You pulled it out.

I, you know, and I'd love to stay for the rest of the show, but I've got some tweeting to do.

Well, that is of course how we play.

Would you rather?

Yeah.

♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ All right, that's how we play Would You Rather.

Great game and uh...

I've enjoyed myself other times more.

When you won?

Yeah.

Are you a sore cake loser?

Yeah.

I like to win.

I like to crush my enemies and hear the limitations of the women.

Oh boy.

All right guys, there's only one last thing here to do on the show and that is a little something we call Plugs!

♪♪ Oh, that's a nice one.

That's called Open Up That Plug Bag Real Slow by Yotam Per il?

Yotam Peril maybe.

Probably Yotam Peril.

Yotam Peril.

You think so?

Do you know this Yotam Peril person?

Yeah.

You do?

Where do you know him from?

Oh, school.

You guys went to school together?

We went to school together.

That was an amazing coincidence.

Yeah.

I recognized his voice right away.

Wow, amazing.

All right, we've opened up the Plug Bag so we're gonna get to it.

Steve, you obviously have The Walking Dead on Sundays, AMC, and a few more weeks to go.

Yeah.

Three more weeks, three more episodes.

Unless you're hearing this on Monday, then there'd be two.

And if you're hearing it the Monday after that, there'd be one.

There's one.

What about the Monday after that?

It's over, you get done.

Then you can watch it and binge.

You can binge watch it.

Ooh, that's a popular thing these days.

Sure, yeah, that's on everyone's lips.

What else do you have going on?

Are you in anything else?

There's a project that I did, but what sucks is I can't talk about it.

Whoa!

But that's cool.

What else?

You did the whole thing?

You can't say it's still a secret?

Yeah.

Interesting.

I guess you're in the new Star Wars.

Congratulations.

Wow.

Is it a movie that the CIA made?

Wait, did you replace that person in Star Trek, yeah, in Ch ancho?

Yeah, I mean, that's how it works, though.

Congratulations.

There's a few of us.

That's so amazing.

Hey, why couldn't you replace Scotty?

We talked about it earlier.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Maybe you weren't here.

And you also, maybe that project you were talking about is the thing where you drink with the comedian host.

You can't talk about that?

Oh, yeah, I did a speakeasy with Paul F. Tompkins.

Ooh!

I think it's pronounced Shpeakeasy.

Oh, yeah, but I wish he was here to talk about it.

Isn't it Cake Boss?

He's better at plugging in than I am.

You talking about Shpeakeasy?

How do you say it?

Shpeakeasy?

Yeah, Shpeakeasy.

Shpeakeasy.

What do you say?

Shpeakeasy.

Like you said, Shpeakeasy.

Yeah, we're all saying the same thing.

We're all saying the same thing.

Shpeakeasy.

The same thing.

We're all saying it.

Why are you talking weird?

What do you mean, Shpeakeasy?

Why are you saying it like that?

I'm not.

I'm saying Shpeakeasy.

What are you doing?

I don't get what you're doing.

What are you doing?

I'm talking like you normally talk.

Did he still talk?

Yeah, get out of here.

Did you miss your piece of shit?

Your building's long?

All right.

Did you call him a building loan?

Buildings in loan.

So you can't talk about it, but it's coming out.

When would you say it's coming out?

It's coming out next year.

Next year.

Yeah.

It's coming.

Not Star Wars.

Steve Yoon coming at you.

But it's something.

Secret projects, it's coming out next year.

Clear all of 2014, everybody.

The minute you count down to happy new year.

That's right.

Camp out at a theater.

Or a television.

You remember that movie, Invincible?

You guys seen Indiana Jones?

You remember that movie Invincible?

Yeah.

Where the guy, his name was Vince?

Invincible?

Yeah, you should be in something called Y-Unbelievable.

That's a great height.

And a great job.

Get that project going.

What about Adam and Steve?

That's a great height.

What about them?

Doug Benson, what do you have to plug?

I know, I know you're a big fan of Doug Benson.

I know you're a big fan of Doug Benson.

What do you have to plug?

Doug, I know you have a movie out.

A motion picture.

Can you talk about it?

You're a film star.

These guys are TV stars.

I can't say anything other than the title and what it's about and where you can get it.

It's called The Greatest Movie Ever Rolled and it's a poor documentary and you can get it at chill.com.

That's all I can say.

Chill.com?

Why didn't you want it on chillax.com?

Because those people are, I like to chill.

Sure, we all like to chill.

People who like to chillax are trying too hard to chill and relax.

You know what's funny?

Chillaxing does have more work than chilling.

You're multitasking while you're trying to chill.

Yeah.

That's stupid.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's too much.

And what is this movie about?

You said it's just you on the road?

Me and my buddy Graham Elwood go out on the road and he gets road rage and he does embarrassing things on morning television.

I dare him to just make a weird noise every once in a while when we go on a morning TV show.

It sounds like a great movie.

And then he does it.

It's very entertaining.

I'll take your word for it.

And how much does this movie cost if you were to buy it at chill.com?

It's a couple hundred bucks.

Really?

Yeah.

That's cheap.

We could put you on a monthly payment plan and you'll have it.

It'll be yours to own within a couple years.

What's the demographic?

Yeah, who's the target audience?

Just people that have a lot of money and they're really dumb.

That's who we're trying to get.

What are the metrics?

Like people that used to watch Ally McBeal.

Only dumb rich people watch that.

Yeah, it's true.

$7.99 is what we're charging for.

$7.99.

Are you out of your mind?

For the movie he describes, I pay twice the price.

That was a reference to a commercial.

I remember you made a reference to that and I can't remember what the commercial was for.

$1.99 though, are you out of your mind?

Yeah.

What's it for?

I don't know.

It's pants.

Probably pants.

Most of the great commercials I couldn't tell you what they 're for.

How come you can't get a good pair of $1.99 pants anymore?

That is a good question, you know, because pants prices seem to go...

I'm closing the floor for questions!

No further questions.

That's right.

I didn't even warn you.

Kick Boss, how do you...

I'm phrasing this weirdly, but how do you like to plug things?

Right now?

Well, normally I would.

Now I know this is highly unorthodox, but I'd like to cede my plug time to another party who's not even here.

I don't know how that would even be possible.

What are you getting at here?

I'm going to plug on someone else's behalf.

What?

I know.

This has never been done before.

I don't want it to happen now.

Mark it down.

Wake up your grandchildren and tell them that they're witnessing history.

They're just comedian, the aforementioned Paul F. Tompkins.

The afro- what?

The aforementioned.

It's a word.

Afro-mentioned.

I thought you said Afro-American, Paul F. Tompkins.

You're intruding on my plugs.

They're not your plugs.

There isn't just a set amount of time...

They are the plugs that I am making.

Okay.

There isn't a set amount of time that I'm intruding upon for your plugs.

I feel like you're muddying the information that I'm trying to get out.

What?

I'm just saying Paul F. Tompkins has an afro.

Yes.

Okay.

So people are trying to write down what he's plugging and now they wrote down the word afro for no reason.

This is canon.

So Paul F. Tompkins, who not only hosted this web series, Speak Easy, with Steve Young and Doug Bench, and we're both guests, and you should check it out on YouTube.com, the website.

But also, if you live in London, England, or thereabouts, Paul F. Tompkins will be at the Show Ho Theatre April 2nd through the 13th doing stand up comedy.

At the Show Ho?

The Show Ho Theatre.

So the S-H-O-H-O Theatre?

S-O-H-O, Show Ho.

Oh, okay.

And the tickets are almost show down, so you got to jump on this.

How much are these tickets?

I don't know.

$7.99?

I'm telling you...

Are you out of your mind?

I'm telling you, British nighttime hours, I know that it's the middle of the night there.

If you're high or drunk, and we're both watching this...

And you're heckling, as you were wont to do.

It's the best time to purchase stuff.

So go to paulftompkins.com forward slash live, and you can find the ticket link there.

That's amazing.

It's pretty incredible.

Wow, we're going to miss Paul, but...

Yeah.

He'll come back, I imagine.

Maybe he'll love it so much he'll stay.

He might go native.

That's a long stint.

What's he doing?

Like a show a night that entire time?

A show a night, but I think Mondays are dark.

Oh, okay.

What's he going to do on Mondays, do you think?

Probably try to make those gods laugh at Buckingham Palace.

Yeah, all day and all night?

Yeah, all day and all night.

He loves to get laughed.

He can't, even on his day off.

Yeah.

Wow.

He likes to do it at the highest degree of difficulty, too.

That's right.

That's how you prove you're a great comedian.

Like going after the unlaffable.

Do you think anybody ever made those guys laugh?

Where the guys were like, uh, you got me.

No.

That was pretty funny.

I bet their asses would be fired if they ever laughed.

Yeah, I bet they laugh on the inside almost every time, though.

Do you think they'll go home to their wives and they say like, this guy said the funniest thing and I wanted to laugh so bad, but I couldn't.

Do you think they found true love?

Yeah.

I think one of them has.

Wow.

There's only two, right?

Yeah, there's only two guys.

They're there all day, all night.

Are they immortal?

They are, and they get 45 minutes off to talk to their respective wives, but only one of them has a wife.

Yeah.

So the other guy just- Oh, but they're there pretty much 24 hours a day.

Yeah, well, it's 23, 15.

Yeah.

Right.

Wow.

That's a long shift.

The other guy doesn't have a wife, so he just sits in the break room staring at his lunch pail.

Oh, it's probably hard for him to meet people.

Yeah.

Is it considered his lunch pail if he only has it once?

Hmm.

That's a good question, too.

Yeah.

How frequent does something have to occur for it to be called a pail?

We'll ask Jack and Jill that question, but I don't know.

I thought you were referencing The WB Show from way back in the day.

Or the Adam Sandler movie.

What do I want to plug?

First of all, I want to thank Kip Cantello.

Thank you, Kip, for donating to Comedy Bang Bang, $100.

Thank you so much, Kip.

Something special coming to you, and I have really nothing to plug.

I don't have any dates coming up.

I just were back to working on the TV show come Monday, and you don't like this TV show?

You were on the TV show.

I know.

You ridiculed me.

It made me look like a fat weirdo.

I don't think I made you look like a fat anything.

All right.

So just watch that.

That'll be on this summer, and let's close up the old plug bag.

What do you say?

We got to close it up.

I say yeah.

Bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong.

Close it up, close it up, close it up, close it up, close it up.

Brow.

Oh, it's Kip Haus Remix.

That's right.

A remix to remix.

Wow, amazing.

All you do is add bro.

Guys, this has been a great panel.

What do you think?

Hollywood nights, first of all.

Yeah.

I hate the sirens.

Steve, Steven.

Steve Stevens, you have a good time?

This is your first time.

Yes, this is good.

Thank you for having me.

This was amazing.

Yeah?

Yeah.

This is fantastic.

You know what?

I had a good time doing it with you.

Oh, thank you very much, Fred.

You're welcome.

Thank you.

Thanks, Doug.

And, uh, Kip Haus.

Thank you so much for being on the show.

And thanks to all of you watching.

Thanks to all of you listening.

We've been having a great time this year.

And, you know, I hate to get sentimental, but, uh, it's at times like these, the great heaven knows, we wish we all had not so many clothes.

So let's loosen up.

The playful tease.

Like all lovers did.

Have you ever tried singing that song to any of your British cohorts on the show?

That song that you're singing?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Just sing it in a British accent.

They'll know.

They love it.

They can't strip.

All right, let's have a moment of silence.

Doug, you're wearing sunglasses.

Are you?

I think you should sleep like Dr. Johnny Bieber.

I'm going to go enjoy those Hollywood nights.

That's how we do it in Hollywood.

I feel like we could have ended on a high note.

Oh yeah, we should not be still talking for sure.

But now I'm curious as to where it's going to go.

I know the unknown is exciting.

It is exciting.

Up till now, everything's been scripted and now this is like, we don't quite know what to do.

What are my hands doing?

I apologize for getting most of my lines wrong tonight.

It's okay.

In the scripted part.

They don't know.

I can't remember that shit.

They won't know.

They haven't read the script.

Yeah.

Well guys, that's been it.

That's been our show.

That's...

Come on, spit it.

Thanks everyone.

Good night.

Tuh.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

Dot.com.

Ooh ooh ooh.

Eeee.

The wolf dead.

The wolf dead!
