---
layout: page
title: 209. Don't Stop Or We'll Die, Howard Kremer [18177⧸21095].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Co-host of the Who Charted podcast, Howard Kramer, also known as Dragon Boy Suede, has a new record out, he's here to talk about it.

Also the band Don't Stop or We'll Die, featuring fan favorites Harris Whittles, Paul Rust, and Mike Cassidy are here.

All of that and more, all on today's ♪ Goodbye wisdom teeth, hello applesauce!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang!

What? Sure, why not? Come on, what? Already an objection? I understand. Thank you to Kenyard7, so many Kenyards. Had to be number seven for that catchphrase submission. Welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang for, actually this is a very special Thursday b-b-b-bonus! S-s-s-s-s-s-show. Coming out to you on a Thursday midweek and I have some, some of my favorite, favorite bros here in the studio, Cody and Howard. And then we also have, um, you nailed us. Thank you. No, but I do have engineer Cody and we have Howard Kramer here is with us. Hey everybody! Yep, back again, hello. Was an early staple on the show, then branched out and started his own podcast, so you can hear him regularly twice a week, so no need to hear him on my show anymore.

Take care guys! See ya. It's great and I thank Mr. Ockerman , I want to thank you for the opportunity. Doing my own show has been very rewarding. Okay! Kissing that ring, Howie!

Good for you, man. Keep it up, keep it up.

We also have three guys whose voices you already know, you already know who they are. Hello! Hello! Through our recorded children's storybooks that everybody grew up with of ours, right? Of course, yeah, when you hear the bell turn the page.

Um, these guys are in a band together and that's how they are known today on this show. Individually, uh, they may be people, but as a band you know them as Don't Stop or We'll Die. Hello! Hello! Hi-ch!

Well you can't do it the normal way, you gotta put a spin on it. That's right, that's a post-modern spin and we know them individually as Harris Whittles, of course, Mike Cassidy, and Paul Rust. Thanks for having us, Scott. Hello.

So happy to be here. I guess. Bonus show! Well, a b-b-b-bon us s-s-s-s-show. I'm so sorry about your speech impediment, Scott. I actually think you sound better than you did before. Thank you so much, ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch. Oh boy.

Now it's getting all dirty.

Um, you guys, first of all, this is a very musical show.

Alright, let's get that out of the way right fucking now!

Yeah, let's just set the record right now. And the vinyl record. What? Yeah, let's set the vinyl record once and for all. Do you think that's why records are called that?

Because people set the record straight about them? Yeah.

Yes. Yes. Great.

Um, this is a very musical show because you each have your musical projects coming up that we wanted to highlight.

First of all, Don't Stop or We'll Die, a musical combination. You're gonna play songs here for us on this show.

Yeah. And you have a big concert coming up and you called me much like Marvin Berry called his cousin Chuck. The content of the message was very different. You basically- Well, we told you we thought we found your new sound. We were backstage at a high school when we called you. What were we doing there? You don't want to know. And all I'll say is that seniors are 18. All of them, no matter what.

But you called me and you said, hey look, bro, got a big show, need to sell some ticks. T-I-X. That's right, XXX is how you guys spelled it. Yeah. Anytime we can. But ticks is in the insect. Yes, we need to sell some ticks because we have a tick problem.

Yeah. Well, yeah, and we're playing at the National Tick Convention. We're just trying to raise awareness. And we have to sell a thousand ticks to get in just to have a booth there. You have to sell ticks. It seems to me like you would bring ticks and show them off at the tick convention, but you're selling them to outside parties.

Well, no, yeah, we're showing off millipedes, but you have to sell ticks to get in. You're showing off millipedes at the National Tick Convention? Yeah. I don't understand this .

It's a departure, you know, they can't have ticks forever.

So we're thinking millipedes is probably going to be the next big dollar insect. Yeah. Have you talked to anyone about this? Have you told anyone you're bringing millipedes instead of ticks? We've told some ticks. We've told the millipedes. Yeah, we told all the millipedes. Well, almost all. We sat them down and we said, kids, you're not going to like this. We've been raising them for a while. Wait, they're not going to like it that they're going on a trip?

Well, they know they're going to get sent away. We told them we're going to Disneyland and we get to the convention .

It's the only way we can get them in the car. What's the favorite ride of millipedes at Disneyland? The turkey legs.

So don't stop or we'll die. That's pretty much what they do . But you guys have a big concert at Largo in Los Angeles coming up tomorrow if you're listening to this the day it comes out. Friday. Friday, March 22nd. Day after the drop.

Right? Is that how they say it? Day after the drop of the show.

The day after the drop. Right. So and how much are tickets to see? Well, there's a one for two deal. So let's want to pay twice.

And you get one person in the car. No, no, you're misunderstanding. You have to take a shit and you get one ticket? You're so far off the mark right now, Scott. $25 for two tickets. So $12.50 each. Which this day and age is peanuts. That's half of a parking ticket.

That's how I like to put it. In terms, I want to make people want to have fun so I remind them about parking tickets. I have actually, so someone told me about this thing, this parking club, which I am a part of now. In Los Angeles, parking is very hard to do. There's just not a lot .

That was a great summation of the problem. It's hard to do.

There's not a lot. Well, I'm not a fucking expert. But you sound like one. I know. Well, that's your curse. I'm not a parking expert. I'm just a man.

What you do is just park wherever you want. If someone told you there was a parking club where if you paid $400 a year, you can park wherever you want. I would do that, I think.

That's a fucking great deal.

So mathematically, the amount of tickets you'll probably get would equal about $400 at the end of the year. Park wherever the hell you want. Because I just got a ticket for $67 out here in front of Earwold. Right, but then the next time you park there, maybe you wouldn't even get a ticket.

You don't get a ticket every time you park. The cops might give you money. What if you get towed? Is it covered if you get towed?

Ooh, that's not in the parking club. So you've been doing this, though, Harris Whittles? Yeah. And how's it going? I am in debt. So many thousands of dollars. No, it's going great. I truly have gotten one ticket this year. Totally worth it. This year, it's March. Middle of March. Exactly.

So that's three months in, one ticket. That's not bad.

I think you set your sights high and you let the world rise to meet you, right? Yeah. I love that old Irish proverb you always say. What were you saying, Howard? Who do you pay the dues to? You pay $400 to somebody? The city of Los Angeles. Oh, they let you do that? No, no, no. I was just catching up here on the concept. When you get the ticket.

Right. I want to make this a real thing. Go ahead. Well, if it were a real thing, then I think maybe the city would actually make some money. Right.

Because they get the advance money, they can invest it.

That's true. That's true. You know what I mean? Look, this country's in trouble, guys. Yeah. And if we can do anything to kind of get it back on the right track, you know, I mean , I'm all for it. It's in trouble, you're saying, because like immigration? Well, yeah, because of the policies.

Because they're letting everyone in? Well, just, you know, I mean, policies.

So, now, Howard, turning to you, in this very musical show.

Yeah. You, a lot of people know you as a comedian. Yeah. A lot of people know you as a podcast host, host of the Who Charted show. True, right here on the Ear Wolf. That's how I know you. Yeah, the Ear Wolf family of networks. Yep. You 're also a Musician. Right. I'm not sure you're pronouncing that correctly. But, yeah, you.

Moose Ickian. As long as I've known you, you have had a side career. Right. Making great, not only very masterfully created songs, but also very funny songs as well. I mean, you can listen to them. And they are humorous, they're not comedy rap. They are humorous in nature. Is that correct?

Yes, it is correct. And when I stop, if I ever stop knowing you, I will stop making the music. Okay, good. But I want to make that very clear, because a lot of hip hop is comedic in nature. So it's not that much different from other hip hop.

Not at all. Even conversation can sometimes be comedic. So when you take those words and ideas and you put them on top of music, they sometimes retain those original properties.

Certainly.

Do you think there's any rock songs that are a perfect mixture of rock and comedy? And laughs? I feel like hip hop can nail it a little better.

The clown in hip hop is a tradition that goes back to the griots. I don't want to give you a history lesson. The gri ots, you say? Yes. Those are inner city griots. Okay. Those are people that would give the news in rhyme form. I think.

I think. I think.

I see. I see. Like when Jimmy Fallon slow jams the news?

Exactly like that. In fact, that is the best it has been done so far. And also, I would say rock combined with laughs. Who's done it perfectly?

I guess Charles S. Dutton. No, I'd say Clapton with Tears in Heaven. Tears in Heaven is a good one.

Who's your opinion, Howard? Curly Shuffle? It could be Cur ly Shuffle. Louie Louie. That song seems funny even though I don't know what they're saying. It's cadence. Yeah, it's got a funny cadence. It's like Brody Stevens. Exactly. When you really examine it. Louie Louie. Yes. Enjoy Louie. We gotta go. Now. Enjoy it.

So now, Howard, you have a new record out is what we're trying to say. That's right. It's called Douche Manusha. It 's a Dragon Boy Suede release. That is your alter ego. Yeah, Dragon Boy Suede is my rap name. So when I use that, I mean , it's raps happening. And Douche Manusha is the new record.

Eleven tracks. People are loving it. Yeah. Eleven tracks.

How did you find the time? You did? I did. I love it. Those guys just fist bumped. I've never seen that before.

I did want to ask you what the title of the album. Oh, Dou che Manusha refers to like when people try to get too much information out of you too early. Like if I go, hey, witt les, you want to go to the movies maybe next week? Maybe.

Okay, what day? Should I drive? I think that's it. Do you want to get, should I, I'll come from the south. You're right. That's too much. I'll approach your house from the south. Is that cool? That's the Douche Manusha.

Yeah. So as I think as you get older and you get out into the world, you get a lot of times accosted with this Douche Manusha. And I wanted to draw light to that, Scott, because like you said, the country's in trouble. Let's not add Dou che Manusha to all of its problems.

And I like how not only did you write a song about it, but you also wanted to just, you know, draw light to it by naming your entire album after this one thing.

That's right. Sometimes you have a track that is just so rich with ideas, musical and lyrical, that it just kind of draws attention to itself.

And becomes the centerpiece of the entire album. Fantastic, Howard. Thank you so much.

Thank you.

I heard that that's how they named the movie Billy Madison 2.

Was they thought.

Billy Madison 2? I love that movie.

The Madison?

Billy, yeah. But that, you know, the movie was largely about him and so I decided to name it.

I heard that was not why they called it Forrest Gump, though.

You're right.

Because that was mainly about Jenny.

They named that after the bubble gum.

Shrimp Company.

Shrimp Company, yeah, yeah. Except the one that was set there in the forest.

Great. Great. One in the woods.

Well, that movie was originally called Lieutenant Dan's New Chinese Wife.

Yeah. They had so much footage of that woman that did not make the cut.

And it was really just Bobs Mecas just following that woman around with a camera.

Yeah, it was weird.

Back to her home. It was like that John Lennon, Yoko Ono experimental film where they just follow somebody around.

But this time it wasn't John Lennon and Yoko Ono.

No, not at all. Not, in fact, zero percent of them.

Let me check. No, no, no, no. They were, sorry.

Yeah. So, Howard, now this record is out now.

Oh, yeah.

People can buy it?

Absolutely. Go to iTunes slash Dragon Boy Suede. Go to Band camp where you can pull a radio head on me and just pay whatever you want.

I would say then I would go to Bandcamp instead of going to iTunes because then I could pay less.

I don't know that less is an option. Maybe I should have included, yeah. I think it just means you can bonus me if you like.

Oh, like tip you.

Basically, yeah.

Like if they listen to it and think you did a good job, like you went over and above or above and be-ord? Above and be-ord?

Above and be-ord.

Yeah. Above and be-ord.

If you went above and be-ord, then… I often do. Yeah, they can give me extra.

People can tip you.

They could even stipulate what it's for, like, hey, I heard you on Comedy Bang Bang give two of these dollars to Scott Aukerman.

Okay, I advise people to do that.

Do that if you'd like give it to the guys in the band.

And then are you required then to do that or you just read it and go, eh, probably not.

Well, it depends. Like, for instance, my co-host, Kulop, P.

Lysock, people have sent her about $26 just through my album so far.

Wow, why? And why aren't I seeing any of that?

Well, because they listen to us on Who Charted and then they'll go, well, it costs five bucks, here's six, give a dollar to Kulop.

That's nice.

Yeah.

And I get to do the accounting on all that, so it's great.

Congratulations.

So, you know, and the album is great. You do go above and be-ord on it, in my opinion.

Thank you, Scott.

And it's very, very fun.

It's very affiordable, too.

And, you know what I would like to do is I'd like to take a little bit of a break, but before we do that, I would love to hear Don't Stop or We'll Die sing one of the songs from your catalog.

I'd love to.

Sure.

It would be our honor.

We've been on the show many times. How many appearances have you made together on this program?

Well, it's more than several.

I think actually only like two or three together as a band.

We've all individually been on.

Sure, sure, but as a band.

As a band, I think this might be your- At some point- I feel like you've been on like four times previously, at least.

Uh, yeah.

Let's get some, we'll get the statisticians on this.

Okay.

Yeah.

Call it and vote.

That's what our song's about, actually.

Really? About how many times you've been on the show?

Mm-hmm.

Do you ever answer the question?

No.

Well, you'll find out.

True art doesn't answer questions. It just raises the questions.

Right. Are you doing the song right now and am I listening to it?

Yeah, I don't know.

This is music to us.

You tell us.

Somebody's flat.

What song are you guys going to do to lead off with here?

We're going to open with Bullfrog, which is a song about the rodeo.

Okay.

And is this a song that people will hear at your Largo show tomorrow?

They just might.

Definitely. And if you like it, you should come.

Is that why you're here?

There is a chance that one of us dies before Friday. I don 't know what'll happen.

Or one of the listeners dies.

Yeah.

A guy could go, I'm going to come.

I can't tell you what's going to happen.

It's probably more likely that a listener will die than one of us.

When you say, if you like it, you can come, do you mean like ejaculate?

Scott, don't go there. Okay, buddy?

I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

Don't want to make this podcast an MA, buddy.

Mature audiences only.

How come they don't call it a MAW, mature audiences only?

MAW.

Rated MAW for MAW.

MAW, baby.

Hey guys, can I suggest something?

You may want to branch out and get your own Earwolf podcast at this point.

If you've done the show more than four or five times.

Yeah.

That's a waste of time.

You're squatting.

Yeah.

Let's get out of the nest and let's start, spread our wings , fly a little bit.

I mean, Harris and I do have our own podcast together.

We'll talk about that after the break, but I want to hear the song right now.

So this is called Bullfrog.

All right. Don't Stop or We'll Die, Bullfrog.

Here we go.

Oh, I wish that bullfrog take me to the rodeo.

Buy me some popcorn, catch me a fly.

Oh, I wish that bullfrog take me to the rodeo.

Buy me some popcorn, catch me a fly.

And watch the horsies.

See the horsies.

We're gonna watch the horsies.

The horsies.

I wish that bullfrog take me to the rodeo.

Buy me some popcorn, catch me a fly.

Oh, I wish that bullfrog take me to the rodeo.

Buy me some popcorn, catch me a fly.

And watch the horsies.

We're gonna see the horsies.

We're gonna watch the horsies.

Do not.

We're gonna watch those horsies.

We're gonna see the horsies.

Those horsies.

We're gonna watch those horsies.

Do not.

I wish that bullfrog take me to the rodeo.

Buy me some popcorn, catch me a fly.

Listen, OK?

Listen to me when I tell you to give me something.

Just give me some popcorn.

Catch me a fly.

Thank you.

Don't Stop or We'll Die.

We will be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang with Don't Stop or We'll Die and Howard Kramer right after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Howard Dragonboy, sweet Kramer.

Hello.

And Don't Stop or We'll Die.

Hello.

Hot. Hot. Hot. Hot.

You're supposed to say hello, not hot.

Well, shaking your hands like you touch something hot.

Well, when two notes go in perfect harmony, he gets really hot.

I was just saying temperature wise, boiling.

Oh, OK. Interesting.

So, Harris, we do have to talk about our show just for a second.

Analyze Fish.

It metamorphosized into a different show called Analyze Fish.

Woo hoo!

That Howard is on.

Has that happened again?

Yeah. Two episodes of that have come out. We were on both of them.

And with Paul F. Tompkins, Howard, you basically, just to recap, Analyze Fish lovers out there, Harris and I did four episodes of a show called Analyze Fish where we talk about the band fish.

Thanks so much.

Some call it the best podcast?

Some say it should have won the Pulitzer of podcasts.

Yeah, which is just a Pulitzer, right?

Yeah, exactly. Yeah, they don't specify what it's for.

They don't have to say, hey, this is for that podcast you did. They just give you a Pulitzer.

Why raise questions? Let the art raise the questions.

Sometimes, though, art, what I found is it just raises questions and it doesn't answer questions.

Yeah, I heard that one before, Scott.

Where did you get that one, Scott? Maybe me a few minutes ago? Gosh.

Uh oh.

But Harris, you and I did four episodes of that, and then we did a mini episode, some people would call it a minisode .

A buh buh buh bonus-ode.

Yeah, and that was about a half hour, and then we launched into a different show, which is Howard and Paul F. Tompkins doing a show called Analyze Fish where they talk about the movie Jaws.

Yeah, so far everything you're saying is true.

Okay, and then another episode happened where they talk about Jaws some more.

Yes.

Fish fans upset.

Yes.

They say, hey, even though the show Analyze Fish about the band Fish is about basically me shitting on the band.

Yeah, well they're a masochistic bunch.

They seem to like it enough so much so in fact that this new version of Analyze Fish, they don't like that because it's talking about something that isn't Fish.

Right, well it's like if you were watching the show Rose anne and then you turned it on and suddenly it was Jaws.

Sure.

And even if you hate-watched Roseanne, you would still be like, oh, I wanted to hate-watch Roseanne, not love Jaws.

Yeah, exactly.

So anyway, what is the future of Analyze Fish, the band Fish show? Are we doing another episode?

Well, they are coming to the Hollywood Bowl in the summer time, and there has been talks of a group of us going.

Okay.

That group includes both camps, you and me. What? You, Scott, me, Harris, Howard Cramer, Paul Tompkins, Shelby F arrow, Kulop still protesting it. She might not come still.

Wow, this sounds like a super group. Like Analyze Fish and Analyze Fish together?

Now, here's what I'll say. I'm on the fence about it because...

You want to go and just enjoy yourself.

I want to go and, yeah, and enjoy myself. And you enjoy myself, that's a Fish song.

Okay.

That's a bonus reference.

Yeah, bonus reference.

Bonus, s-s-s-s-s-s-s.

And then also, Paul, last time, you know, they played the Hollywood Bowl, I had a group of friends come with me, Paul and Mike included.

Yeah.

And a group of Fish heads turned to Paul and said, you guys have been talking the whole show. And I felt bad about it.

I mean, because I know what it is to be a fan trying to just listen.

And I understood what that guy came from.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I think you brought...

Because the Hollywood Bowl is a more quiet place than Madison Square Garden.

You brought this up to me when we went to Madison Square Garden. You were nervous about me talking into the thing because...

Yeah, because people are very intently listening to every note played.

Right, right.

And it's a lot of notes.

And that's including even the back rows and everything?

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, no.

And they fill the...

That's what I'm saying. I wouldn't want to go sit in the back row because I want to enjoy the show.

Sure, sure, sure.

So, what I'm thinking is, we should all go because I want to do another episode.

Okay.

And we'll have two camps, the Genuinely Likes Fish camp and then you guys and I'll go back and forth.

Wait a minute. You're the only one in the Genuinely Likes Fish camp.

Exactly, Scott.

So, you want to go to the show alone is what you're trying to say. And you'll give us a cursory visit.

Okay, kids, we're going to Disney World. Dad's going to go to Epcot. You guys go over to fucking Busch Gardens.

I was actually going to buy four tickets because I'm not a fish fan and I want to be able to get out for a little while. You know what I mean?

What do you mean?

So, I would maybe watch 10 minutes. I think it could handle about 10 minutes.

Oh, you're saying then you could leave the venue.

Then I could leave, take a break.

Why are you buying four tickets to do that?

Because I could take four breaks.

There's no reentry.

Oh, I see. So, you want to actually leave the actual venue completely, not just go out.

Because if we're supposed to be doing drugs, that's the way you guys do it, right?

Oh, okay.

I'm going to need to get out of there.

There's no wrong way to do it. You can do drugs if you want .

So, you're saying you want to go hang out at the El Torito down the hill for a little bit of this?

Yeah, that'll be like my pit stop area. And then I'll ref ocus, regather myself, hit fish for about 8 to 10.

So, you heard it here, folks. If you want to see Howard Kramer in person, go to the El Torito every 30 minutes.

Hopefully you'll hit one of those 30 minutes.

Walk by screaming the name Howard. Don't go inside.

But I think we are going to try to do one episode before that, hopefully.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, the one we were talking about. I don't want to give any spoilers about what that one is.

But we are going to try to do one more episode soon as well .

And maybe you guys, Analyze Fish is also going to do another episode. I don't know.

I'd love that.

Is there any in your guys' hanging outs and recordings, have you found anything that the band Fish and Jaws share together?

Oh, I did.

I thought there would be a lot of crossover. Personally, I thought Fish fans would love it.

But apparently they would rather listen to someone talk shit about Fish than anything.

Well, a lot of Jaws takes place on the beach and Fish is played at Jones Beach.

Really? Are you serious?

Yeah.

Wow, yeah, I guess that is. That's cool.

I'd say most humans are terrified by both.

Richard Dreyfuss plays bass in Fish. There you go.

So there's that.

Yeah. Huh, interesting stuff.

Richard Dreyfuss. After I saw Jaws, it should be Richard Wetfuss, huh?

Yeah, more like Wetfish.

Yeah, exactly.

Wetfish. Did he change his name to Richard Wetfish?

He did.

Is that true?

It's actually true.

On Twitter, it's at Wetfish.

At Wetfish is his Twitter?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah, I'm going to hit that up.

But he just does like, I'm going to ask him.

You're going to DM him?

He just does quotes from Poseidon, right? That's all he does?

Weird.

He's just weird. Such a weirdo.

I think it's a normal choice.

And then Rusty, you are, people know you from the show, from your new No-Nos, of course.

You've been on the show many times and you just kind of speak the truth.

That's, I mean, we're focusing on the music today.

Because it's its own truth.

Yeah, exactly. But you do, I mean, every once in a while you come by the show and you do some, you have a segment, a very popular segment on the show.

Yeah, I mean, it ruffles some feathers.

You know, I'm not going to lie. It makes a lot of people angry.

Thank you for being completely candid.

And I appreciate that. You know what I mean?

And that's part of what you do in the new No-Nos is you just speak truth.

You know what I mean? You strip away all artifice.

Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But sometimes people, you know, they don't want the varnish to be stripped.

Yeah, they want it varnished. They don't want it unvarn ished, in other words.

Right? Like, Ernest goes to camp.

Yeah.

What's wrong?

Why are you looking so scared?

Yeah, what's happening right now? What's wrong?

I've just, I've just gotten a lot of trouble with my new No -Nos.

You have? The ones you've done on the show?

Some death threats.

What?

Through your email or phone?

I'm concerned about my family and I'd rather...

Oh my gosh, I had no idea they were threatening your family .

Or is your family threatening you?

I said some things about some Chex Mix and...

You don't want to mess with those guys.

The Nabisco Corporation?

The Nabisco Boys.

The breadstick part of those you don't want to mess with.

That's who I...

You've been dealing with the Nabisco Boys?

What did you say? I mean, do you mind telling...

The Nabisco's.

Oh my gosh. Do you mind telling us what you said about the Chex Mix?

Oh, I said your cookies are too crumbly.

Oh my god, you didn't.

Their cookies?

Yeah. And I said, guys, are you getting upset about Chex Mix here?

I said cookies.

They got angry?

You didn't even say Chex Mix? All you said was...

I didn't even... Get this, I didn't even say Chex Mix.

I said cookies.

And then they were getting upset about Chex Mix.

All you said, you started the segment and said, new No-Nos, your cookies are too crumbly.

The segment ended.

Ring ring, it's the Nabisco's.

Nabisco calls you up.

Nabisco Boys.

Nabisco Boys, call them up.

And they say, we heard what you said about Chex Mix.

Yeah. And I go, buddy, I didn't say one word about Chex Mix .

I was at his place, they said, if you keep this up, it's not going to be Nabisco, ding, it's going to be Nab isco, you dead.

Wow. Crazy.

That was the tagline for Barbarians at the Gate, right?

Mmm, interesting.

Guys, you remember that TV movie about the Nabisco takeover ?

I don't remember.

No!

I don't remember either.

Look it up.

Have a laugh.

BiscoBoys.com.

Have a laugh at that thing I just said.

Are you having a laugh in it?

Somebody will go to the Wikipedia page for Barbarians at the Gate.

Gerbert.

And then go to it and go, ha ha ha ha.

Gerbert.

Well, that's too bad.

I'm so sorry because I wish you had one new No-No right now .

Oh, is that what you wanted?

I don't know, I just wish you had one.

I feel like as good a segue as any.

Ha ha ha ha.

I mean, if you had one, I would listen to it, but if you're too afraid.

New No-No.

Yes.

Boom.

Yes!

Hey, spiders.

What's with the eight legs, huh?

Last time I checked, a spider's supposed to have 12 legs.

Tell you what, spiders, let's cut a deal.

Next time I see you in my kitchen, I'm taping four extra legs to your little butt.

Wow.

New No-No, 12 legs now, spiders.

Amazing.

Thank you so much.

I know you were afraid, but breaking through those barriers is really what you're talking about.

I'm going to hear from the spider people.

And Nabisco.

Yeah.

Wait a minute, is this them on the phone?

Same difference.

Oh, no.

Nabisco's calling you.

What's that?

Hello.

Oh, no, they're saying I'm...

We have them on speaker.

Hello.

Hi.

Yes, this is Paul.

This is Nabisco.

Look, I didn't say anything about any of your products, okay?

I was talking about spiders this time.

Well, we're fixing to have a new line of cookies called Spider Gorbils.

Well, here's what I think about your cookies.

Everybody with me.

They're too crumbly.

Nabisco, you're dead.

Oh, my God.

Just like Harris prophesied.

Wow, guys.

Hang up, click.

Crazy.

We've got to screen those phone calls.

We shouldn't have even picked up.

It said Nabisco right on it.

Yeah, and cookies were shooting out of it.

That said about the biggest syndication.

Oh, my goodness.

Guys, are you ready to do another song?

Yeah.

What are you going to do for us?

We're going to do a little song.

Let's do it.

Called Lisa.

Lisa, I've never heard this one before, and I'm a big fan.

It's a brand new one, Scott.

Hot Off of the Prisses?

Yes.

Hot Off the Preetzes.

Can you, what can you tell us about the song, or is it all self-explanatory?

It's not about your Lisa Turtles or your Lisa Simpsons.

It's that your grandma's Lisa.

So fucking chill out.

Yeah.

It's about what now, Scott?

Not your grandma's Lisa.

No, my grandma's not Lisa.

My grandma's Lisa was my aunt.

Great, so it's not about her.

No, it's not about my aunt.

Never has been.

Never will be.

Never will be?

You can't change the lyrics at all?

No, no, no.

Ever?

No.

They're literally set in stone.

We seal them in a tube and it gets put away forever.

It's like those Scientology plates that you hear about that are buried in the earth.

They're along with that, the lyrics.

Because a lot of our lyrics are sort of Scientology tracks anyway.

You base a lot of your lyrics on Scientology, the religion.

Well, I mean, I guess.

So what would you say, like 95%?

I wouldn't call it a religion.

Just a way of life or?

But, sure.

Okay.

Wow, so people should listen to this and kind of see where you're coming from.

Well, you know, I mean, they'll have whatever reaction they have to it.

If they have reactions about Scientology afterwards, then we can't stop that.

Howard, what do you think?

I was going to bring, I got some side ties that I look after.

I was going to bring them to the show on Friday.

They're welcome.

How old are they?

Oh, they're, you know, middle-aged people.

And you look after them?

Yeah, I shepherd them through actual society.

What are they doing right now, Howard?

They're having a break, a snack break.

They're just down in the lobby?

Oh, no, Nabisco's calling again.

Oh, no.

Do you want it, Howard?

I'll take this one.

Here you go.

Hey, guys.

Hello.

Yeah.

Yes, Nabisco.

Yeah, I'm with the band now.

Yeah, they're a dangerous group.

What?

They push buttons.

You got middle-aged.

They manipulate media.

You got middle-aged people eating snacks.

Yes, I do.

They eating Nabisco?

Yes, they are.

Good on you.

Wow.

Good.

Good phone call.

But what would their jingle be like?

Yeah, what is, I, I.

Oh, they're calling again.

Oh, good.

Because I wondered.

Hello, I realize I didn't say a jingle.

Oh, well, I'll give you that opportunity.

Go ahead.

Nabisco, good on you.

They hung up again.

Oh, my goodness.

They're not big on the goodbyes.

All right, guys.

Speaking of not big on the goodbyes, let's not say goodbye.

Let's say hello to this new song I've heard about.

All right, here we go.

This is Don't Stop or We'll Die.

Comedy bang bang.

I know a girl named Lisa, she not have pizza.

It's a pepperoni.

Gives it to my best friend, Tony.

She threw away the crust.

I know a girl named Lisa, she blow their pussy.

She eats more than pizza She likes her pepperoni She gave it to her best friend Tony And her girl named Tina She really likes that pizza She eats pepperoni, roadie She gave it to her best friend Tony She threw away the crust, threw away the crust She threw away the crust, threw away the crust She threw away the crust, threw away the crust She threw away the crust, threw away the crust And the crust was all brown She threw it onto the ground And then she ate the rest And then she ate the rest She threw away the crust, threw away the crust She threw away the crust, threw away the crust She threw away the crust, threw away the crust She threw away the crust, threw away the crust And then she ate the rest Alright, we'll be right back with more Don't Stop or We'll Die, more Dragon Boy Swayed after this Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with the band, Don't Stop. Do you prefer it when people call it Don't Stop or We 'll Die?

Don't Stop or We'll Die is playing Friday Don't Stop or We 'll Die Yes, Scott, we do Our original manager was Snagglepuss Don't Stop or We'll Die, even Then he exited stage left Too bad, we should look for him maybe on stage right Ah, dammit, that's where we called you from, remember? When we needed to be on the show Also Dragon Boy Swayed, Howard Kramer is here from the Who Charted podcast and Douche Manusha, his new record out on iTunes and Bandcamp And guys, it's time for one of our favorite features here on the show, it's time for a little Fortunately, Unfortunately Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool Ba da ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba We're all happy little friends We're all happy little friends Alright, it's time to play Fortunately, Unfortunately, we all know how this is played, so go Fortunately, Unfortunately Perfect Okay, two points for me I'm going to start with a sentence and then we're going to go clockwise, what do you say? So it'll be me, then Paul, then Mike, then Harris, then Dragon Boy Swayed, and then back to me And we alternate on saying Fortunately, we say another sentence that connects to the previous one, but we alternate starting that sentence with Fortunately or Unfortunately Oh, it's like Good News, Bad News Yeah, which is the original title of the Bad News Bears They also had Good News, people don't remember that, but they decided to focus on the negative Typical Hollyweird And they decided to add bears to the title, which I don't think even makes sense I went to the movie and not one, okay, maybe there were a few bears in that movie Sure Crawling around, Walter Matthau At the bottom of the frame Walter Matthau, classic bear Alright, so I'm going to start off with a sentence, here we go I went to the liquor store and I picked up a bag of Reese's Pieces Fortunately, the Reese's Pieces were half off Unfortunately, the bag was also half empty Fortunately, hello this Nabisco Fortunately, I opened a bag and it was all Oreos in it Okay Power Creek Fortunately, the Oreos had millipedes in there Fortunately, I went to the convention with all the ticks, the tick convention, and they were welcome there and it started a new trend Unfortunately, the ticks made a permanent resting home in my bedboard They're not termites, I don't know why Fortunately, they all are excellent singers and formed a very talented choir that loathes me to sleep each night for hours Thanks Unfortunately, the songs are about chips ahoy You would love that, Nabisco Yes Would you like that?

Yeah I'm not Nabisco right now I am Nabisco, but I only like Oreos right now Ooh, he is moody He's adorable Alright What is this, fortunately?

Fortunately I dropped a Reese's Pieces in my lap Aww Fortunately for all of us That was I think a real life unfortunately Fortunately, I love pirates, I was dressed as a pirate I don't know that necessarily relates to anything Chips ahoy Chips ahoy, okay, okay Unfortunately, when I took my sword out of my scabbard it poked my butt Fortunately, there was a big ol' ham there There was a big ol' ham in my butt And I sliced some ham out of my butt And it fell on a little biscuit Is that a biscuit, wait, Nabiscuit?

It fell on a Nabisco Nabisco?

Yeah, it fell on a Nabiscuit boy Two of them, it fell on a Nabiscuit boy You gentlemen can't say that Oh why?

Because your cookies are too crumbly Aww, damn Had to say it Snap, snap, boom, jacka boom, jacka boom, jacka boom You know, Nabisco, you're really playing with cookies right now Don't you mean fire?

No What's that?

It's something you use to make your cookies in the oven Yeah, you bake them We use convections Where were we? Oh, Mike has to Yeah, unfortunately, fortunately I sliced some ham Yeah, you sliced the ham and it fell out onto a Nabiscuit Unfortunately, I cut off so much ham that my body wasn't going to survive I got a ham sandwich, but I'm going to die when I'm done eating the sandwich Because it's so much from your butt So much from the butt meat, I gotta die So you sliced basically A border hat There was a ham in your butt, but you sliced off some of the butt as well Sliced off more than we can More than you can spare Fortunately, Nabisco's agreed to pick up the funeral tab and give you one of our very exclusive cookie coffins Wow Wow, that is a generous corporation You don't see that these days Howard Unfortunately, you'll have to share the coffin with people who died of OD'd on cookie That's only fair actually Fortunately, because they OD'd on cookie, they are made of cookies And even though you are dead, you are allowed to eat any of the cookie people that you want Or the cookie coffin Unfortunately, the only cookie parts of yourself that you eat are covered in little pubes That's what happens when you take it off your body Fortunately, all of the pubes are coated in sweet and sour sauce The perfect compliment to a cookie Unfortunately, with every lick, the little individual pube comes Oh Yes Alright, Howard, let's put a ribbon on this What's the last one? Fortunately, give us a happy ending Fortunately, what it comes with is a fortune cookie Yes, and that's how we play Fortunately, Unfortunately Rejoice Get your disco ball Best game ever, best game ever, best game ever, best game ever We are best friends And we drop the disco ball on your foot In a bisco ball Alright, that's how we play Fortunately, Unfortunately Guys, do you have another song in the chamber?

Locked and loaded, locked and loaded, locked and loaded What do you got? Hello This one's called Sunrise Oh my goodness, it's kind of a parable It's interesting because we're seeing the sunset just outside of this window Hollywood nights So this is kind of the flip side of the coin?

Yeah, it's sort of like a sunset through the looking glass We're nothing if not a yin yang One pill makes you Bum ba dee dink dink dink dink dink dink dink dink dink d ink dink dink dink dink dink dink dink We've already started playing This is us One is the song, so don't stop or we'll die What happens with the pills?

One pill makes you horny So this is Sunrise, it's about a sunrise I would imagine Well this is actually two songs, I don't want to confuse the audience This is Sunrise into a suite, another song Oh okay, great, oh boy that's going to be exciting It's a bit of a journey actually Alright, well that's why I love the band Journey Yeah, because of our song?

Yeah, I heard your song and I was like, I love Journey I gotta figure out what this band Journey is all about We get that a lot, we get that a lot Yeah, got their entire catalogue Hate your songs, love Journey Of course you do If you like Journey, you're gonna hate us Alright, so Journey lovers turn off your pods And everyone else, let's listen to Don't Stop or We'll Die here on comedy Bang bang Sunrise coming over the hill Morning at the break of dawn All rise and prepare for the coming of a new day We rise with our hammers to strike And our pitchforks to toil in the fields And to sing, oh And to sing, oh Genie, step away from our gates You are not welcome With your microchip jewels, trickster Leave our children alone and have them so With your hope and your loot, and when you sing, oh Ooh, when you sing, oh Sunrise coming, sunrise coming, coming Sunrise coming, sunrise coming, coming Sunrise coming, sunrise coming, coming Sunrise coming, sunrise coming, coming Sunrise coming, sunrise coming, coming guitar solo guitar solo Oh little boys, you're messing up my house now This is why we can't have nice things in this house now With the Mountain Dew's and the Charleston Chew's in our house now Oh baby, honey, oh baby, hey, hey, honey Oh little boys, you're messing up my house now Oh little boys, you're messing up my house now This is why we can't have nice things in this house now With the Mountain Dew's and the Charleston Chew's in our house now Oh baby, oh baby, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey What happened to me, mama?

guitar solo guitar solo guitar solo guitar solo guitar solo Yeah! Alright, very nice guys, we will be right back with more Don't Stop or We'll Die, more Dragon Boy Suede after this!

Comedy bang bang, we are back here with Don't Stop or We'll Die and you know what, I mean, listening to that song, I was thinking, I would love to hear you guys collabo on something, I mean, here we have Dragon Boy Suede, an amazing rapist, is that what you call it?

No, maybe lyricist, I don't know, either way, interchangeable And you guys are wonderful musicians, and I don't know, have you ever talked about doing anything like that?

For years we've been trying to get together and collaborate , keeps getting pushed It's been traffic-y, it's been traffic-y for years Well just think about it, you know, because I'd love to see you guys do it, you've collaboed with some wonderful people , Howard, you were on R.O. Mance's record?

That's right, R.O. Mance picked that up, we did a two-kilob ad wiring, love R.O. Mance I love it, beautiful I've re-recorded with, uh, Recorded, yeah, that's the word That's the one I do it with everybody and anybody You did the rap breaks on our two charity singles, the We Are The World and also, do they know it's Christmas?

Oh yeah, so then I collaborate with like, everybody, Weird Al Yeah, you're on a track with Weird Al And when you collaborate with Weird Al, you collaborate with all the other people he collaborated with And you fuck everyone he's fucked Yeah, he brings them by in a paddy wagon Yeah, I'm not saying because of you sharing any kind of like No, no, no, they physically come to your home Weird Al has that paddy wagon full of women and men that he 's fucked And if you're thinking about fucking Weird Al, then just know what you're getting into here Literally, a paddy wagon You have to fuck everyone he collaborates with And that's the thing, he keeps you in that paddy wagon all day and all night Until he brings you to anyone else that he loves I have heard though that it is super entertaining in there, there's arcade games, pinball And a lot of Weird Al records Plenty of records Lot of Ray Stevens too Guys, it's time for a, one of our favorite features on the show, it's time for a little something we call Would You Rather ♪♪♪ Goooooddddddddoooo Big Ben This is the sound Big Ben makes Alright guys, it's time to play Would You Rather We all know how this is played People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at cbbwyr Comedy Bing Bong Would You Rather And I read them out loud I then open the floor for questions You're free to ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios At a certain point I will close the floor for questions and there will be no warning So, no big deal, but I'm not gonna warn you about it And just the floor will be closed all the time So not even, we won't know right now that it's gonna ever happen Nope, absolutely not No sound effect How would we?

How would, yeah, of course And then we'll vote and there we go Howard, have you ever played this in your many appearances on the show?

Maybe, uh, did I do your show live in Sundance?

I, did you?

No, maybe not No, I don't think you did Okay, so no, I would say no Why weren't you on that?

Oh, you had your own show Yeah, that's, yeah I guess I get my appearance as take a hit from having my own show I would have you on every week except who needs that much, uh, Howard Yeah, that's a lot I assume everyone who listens to this show listens to who charted, they should They should, you guys should jump on it Yeah, it's people's, literally people's favorite podcast of all time Ours?

Yeah, I hear that all the time, is that they don't listen to podcasts but they listen to your guys It's the number one chart in their heart Right, we appeal to people who don't listen to podcasts Yeah, people love it Uh, alright, so let me read the question, here we go This comes to us from Dwill Stone Dwill Dwill, aka at Donny Stone Uh, he asks, would you rather have an uncircumcised penis for a tongue Or, have your head fall off every time you try to put clothes on Mmm, uh, let's see Alright, oh yeah, go ahead Well, I'd go with clothes, then I would just stick with one set of clothes I don't have to deal with my head falling off once And then I would, uh, I would smell probably, be unatt ractive But I wouldn't have the, the penis tongue Let me, let me tell you what you did wrong Okay Okay, first of all, you voted early I was just thinking out loud Secondly, I did not even open the floor for questions So He wanted to be done Yeah That's textbook, that's textbook how you don't play, because that just ends the game right there See, I should have played this in Sundance, but I don't I gotta stop doing my own podcast and just be a guest on this I'm docking you 581 points What was I allowed to say, anything?

You're not allowed to say anything, no I haven't opened the floor yet It's still not open now No, why, did you want to say something?

Well, I want to, but if the floor is closed, I would not climb that treacherous No, but go ahead If the floor is open, are you trying to trick me?

It's not open But go ahead I'm not gonna get caught in your little, tripley trap Mike, everything's cool, just go ahead Okay, I'm not gonna ask you a question Akbar, it's a trap Nice Harris, put it in a language I understand Akbar, it's that fountain in the sunset Okay, okay, okay, okay Alright, here we go, okay, go ahead I thought you were talking Admiral Akbar, I thought it was a Star Wars thing I think you actually knew what was happening there for a second Okay, okay, fine, now, go ahead Go ahead what?

Go ahead what?

Go ahead You go ahead I just did, so go ahead Alright, floor's open for questions Oh, so, the floor's open for questions Yeah, I'll, uh, I'm conducting it, go ahead Okay, now, can I ask Harris, here's an important question Okay Harris' floor is open, can I ask Harris questions about, would you rather And not on your floor You just asked me a question, and the floor is not open for questions My floor's open for questions But, I was asking Harris I don't believe you were, now that's not as serious as voting early So I'm going to only duck you 580 points Okay, I'm in it Okay, you're still in it I'm in it Alright guys, here we go Questions, this is questions?

No Well, I'm open for questions Okay, Harris, what do you think about this trickery that's going on?

Like, do you think that it's like fun, he's trying to trick us into getting like points taken away It's like, we're not even to the game port yet Yeah, Scott is the trickster figure of the podcast world You know what, that's true He's like Loki Loki, exactly, you're like Paranormal Activity 4 Yeah Hmm, hmm, hmm, cool Alright guys, and go Well, we were on Harris' floor Paul, is your floor open?

My floor is wide open Come on guys I can ask them questions?

Guys, Paul, I have a question for you Does the tongue, can it feel sexual pleasure?

Yeah, but only the type tongues can So it feels like your tongue is getting sucked by your mouth Like it feels like the tongue At all times does it feel like a bone trap You know how like when you're like a young teen and you start making out And you basically equate your tongue for your penis And try to jam it into the mouth, which is the vagina Yeah It's like, keep them apart dude You're saying that to your younger self?

That's what I'm saying to my 16 year old self Yeah, hmm, hmm, hmm So does that answer your question?

Like the tongue, penis, in your mouth Does that just feel like a constant blowjob 24 hours a day?

And my question, Harris, your floor is open?

Yes Alright, Harris, is that positive or negative?

Because a constant blowjob?

I love that Yeah But a constant blowjob seems like it would be like Seems like it would be too much You're eating cake at all moments Scott, is your floor open yet?

We got a lot of questions man We're back up Guys, the game is stagnant right now No, we don't We're waiting We've talked and we have a lot of questions Okay, but I'm just saying Guys, we gotta start the game at some point I know, I know I want to Okay Open the goddamn floor I'm just saying we have to start the game Otherwise the game's not gonna get played That is true I want a chance to get that 580 back, bro Yeah I have another question to you, Paul Yeah, good Because you almost You put your head on every time And how long does that take?

As long as it takes to put the clothes on Oh, it pops right back on And is there a scar where you can see Now granted, my floor isn't the main floor I know, I'm just telling you what questions I have A floor that a lot of people don't go on Howie, I've got a question Who's it to?

You can't ask Scott Oh, can I ask?

I'll ask you Okay Guys, we gotta start playing this game Yes, I agree I agree We want it all the way I don't know what the We have to start playing, so Okay Well, let me ask you, Scott Can we open the floor?

Paul Oh no No What did I just do?

You just asked the question I'm so sorry Oh my god That's, and it's the third strike Oh no What's happened to him?

Oh, Cody, you're not quick enough on that camera I did a silly little dance Paul did an old dance Paul, that's negative 580 I'm sorry I had not opened the floor for you Welcome to the lower levels, my friend But guys, we do have to start this game Couldn't agree more Scott Perfect Scott, I wanna just say a statement Okay I wish the floor was open Yours I appreciate that Unfortunately, it's not Because I want the same thing that you want Fortunately Yes You have the power to open it Howard I don't care what's going on I wanna solve this problem I feel like whoever's got this problem out there wants a solution And I don't wanna let them down Alright, guys, I've opened the floor for questions Boom Okay, how are we?

Can you move to England where your uncircumcised tongue will be more acceptable?

Yes, you can And I've closed the floor for questions That was it?

I told you there would be no warning Wow, that did You got one question in there in the time allotted So I hope that gives you all the information that you need I think so Alright We're gonna vote now So Howie, how do you like to vote?

I'm gonna go Tongue Tongue? And why is that?

Well, I picked the other one before So now I'll pick tongue Okay Did England factor into this decision at all?

Yes it did because a lot of great music comes from England As long as I could go out at night Maybe people wouldn't notice I could see bands and have the tongue Okay But we didn't even ask, can you articulate it?

We don't even know You just have like a dick flopping around in your mouth?

Or can you talk?

We don't know You don't know, yeah So sorry Alright, Harris, how do you like to vote?

Well, there's that, in real world London that British guy got his tongue bitten off Which leads me to believe my penis tongue in London could get bitten off And that's frightening You don't have to, well I can't answer this question All I have is one piece of information Which is that you can move to London So I'm gonna say I'd rather have my head fall off Alright, because you're afraid of moving to London Because I don't know anything else And getting your penis bitten off Yes Like the guy in real world Alright, Mike, how do you like to vote?

Well, I don't like food on my dick Okay I just haven't ever liked that Uh huh, how many occasions have you had food on your dick?

I mean, in one part of my life are we asking about You fucked a pie in high school once, right?

Do not remind me of that video, my friend, please That was like the end of my life, you guys Wait, they shot a video of this?

It was on, this was kind of at the beginning of viral vids I can't believe you didn't hear about this I wish I didn't have to tell you about it It came out around like 1999 The video was of you, it was a 90 minute video, right?

And it was, yeah, well It was about you and your friends, right?

It was from a bunch of different angles, professionally shot and edited And it went viral?

It went viral in the theaters Wow Yeah, ugh, here it is And we should talk about your dad, Eugene Levy, as well Yes, no, I don't want to talk about it, but I mean, yeah, that is my dad, I guess Is that full body cast in Splash itchy?

Mm-hmm, yeah Did he tell you those stories when he would hook you with it?

That's the only story he tells Well, my son Mike, let me tell you something That full body cast, itchy as hell Goodnight, son Sometimes he won't even say full body cast, he'll just go It's itchy Yeah, he just yells it's itchy at you You have to point it Even when you ask him for something, it's like, I wanted you to teach me how to shave for Taiyatai Itchy It's itchy, boy, it's itchy It's itchy, eh?

I don't like food on my dick, I'm going for the head Okay, the head pops off Um, because I don't know, we didn't ask any questions, maybe the head popping off is easy Maybe you can pop it back on, I'm willing to take my chances Well, you're in the hole here at 580 I know, I'm taking a go Currently Harris has zero points In the lead In the lead, alright Paul, how do you like to vote?

Um, so, I'm going on the fact that if you have a penis tongue, you're purchased like a one-way ticket to the United Kingdom I can't say, I mean, you should have asked that, if you wanted to know the answer to that, you should have asked that Well, I have a separate bet that I could make one of those Buckingham Palace Guards crack up Oh, that's a side bet with some other friends of yours?

So I'm thinking I could kill two birds by going over there and going up to his face and opening my mouth and revealing my penis tongue to the Buckingham Guard I guess his eyes will probably cross and he'll faint Are you sure he wouldn't get horny?

I guess I gotta have a plan B You don't know, you don't know Um, alright, I'll go with my head falling off then Okay, here we go, let's tally up the points Um, looks like Howie you voted for penis tongue and the rest of you voted for head falling off That's correct And, uh, guys, the right answer is penis tongue!

Oh, yeah!

I don't know So Howie, you're the only one who voted correctly and that gets you 580 points and that leaves you at negative one Harris, you are the winner!

Alright!

Yeah!

Aw, hell yeah!

Congratulations, that's of course how we play Would You Rather Congratulations, Harris, wow that was a close game Yeah What, is getting your tonsils taken out a vasectomy?

Who's that guy?

It's a guy who thought of that later Too late Who wanted to say it?

Alright, guys, we just have one last thing to do here on the show and that is a little something called Plugs Every single night I drink my plugs They're even greater in blood I keep the dreams true In front of you, telling me about your plans I wanna touch your face, I'll mirror it as a mask I'll scare you if anyone talks to us It's got a heck of a space Now that you know, let's get on with the show And then we'll start the vlogs Alright, that was great I like that That was called Dreaming of Plugs by Laura Veglia Completely charming Yep, cool I thought that was St. Vitus Not sure St. Vincent St. Vitus St. Vincent That was great, if you have a Plugs theme, send it on in, go over to earwolf.com under the comedy bang bang message boards And put it in the appropriate thread of Plugs songs and you can hear it right here on this show And you'll be famous for, unfortunately Laura you're not famous for a week because this is a special bonus episode But you're famous for four days and that ain't nothing So guys, the plug bag is open, let's plug it up Howie, I'll let you have the honors of being first Oh, please pick up the new album by Dragon Boy Suede called Douche-Banoosha The new single newborn baby cult is available as well Come out to Bridgetown Comedy Festival, I'll be there with Kulak Vlyasak We'll be doing a live hoo charted there Look out for more projects like to have a summer tour happening in July And that should do it Alright, and do you guys want to do it individually as well as collectively?

No, we could just do it collectively, right?

Well, it might get a little sloppy Yeah Alright, one, two, three We have a show at Largo right at Largo It's really a show Come to our show at Largo this Friday, tomorrow March 22nd March 22nd in LA, at Largo we have Pete Holmes is gonna do some stand up Okay, well what if people just want to hear music? I mean, won't they be upset that Pete Holmes is doing stand up?

Everybody else is We encourage everyone to bring headphones in case Pete does do stand up You can listen to music right here Yeah, I mean I guess what does an audience do if they don't like something, they boo So I guess just boo Okay, great Boo until they stop Throw coins, or batteries Yeah, batteries Okay, light bulbs So he's there, there's a chance that either Aziz or Zach Al phanakis are gonna do a drop in, we don't know Who knows?

And if neither of them come, hey, you know Hey, you got to see Aziz and Zach, right?

I guess, yeah Good point Yeah, I mean there's a chance Billy Joel will come, I mean there's a chance anyone literally in the world will come Yeah Not a big chance, but there's And I like those odds, I don't know about you Ding ding ding Yeah, Jim, Hamft and Sam Yonek are playing, they're great, a band called Family is playing My girlfriend's in that band, but I like them separately Full disclosure Sorry ladies And then Sorry girls Off the market And then Sam Yonek and Sam Alban from the Unicorns and Islands will be playing a few songs It's gonna be a great, great time It really is So what, Google Largo, right?

Go to Largo, there's a calendar, you can buy tickets If you're in LA and don't know what Largo is, don't even bother, cause you don't get it Go sniff a pile of dirt Yeah If you're in LA and you don't know what Largo is, then I don't even want to see you at Urasawa And Harris, Farts and Procreation 3?

Farts and Pro 3 is in the making, right?

I don't want to say too much I'm in, I'm titillated The other two yucks are in Uh huh, alright, so maybe soon Alright, and Mike, anything individually for you?

I just opened a puppy shelter this last week Oh, congrats man, that's so great It is in my pants, yeah It's in your pants!

Well, I mean, it's puppies, you know they're small Wait, are they sweater puppies?

Well, wait, hold on, I think maybe they are, let me just ask you, what's a sweater puppy?

Boobs!

Oh, sweater puppies Yeah, you got like five boobs swimming around in there Well, you are the first one that caught on to my plan to get a girl's boobs in my pants Hey, lean over, into my pants No, but it's a real puppy shelter in my pants Okay, but okay, we're joking around a lot, but I just want people to know The one serious thing to take away from this show, I'm running a puppy shelter in my pants Just Google Largo Google Largo, P.O.

But I mean, we're joking about the pants part, but we do want everyone to know, and this is a very serious thing, go ahead That I do actually have a puppy shelter Yeah, all the proceeds from the show are going to getting peanut butter for Mike's balls that the puppies can That's the only way to attract the strays And where is this shelter?

In my pants Oh, okay, great, alright Is that Boulevard or Avenue?

It's My Pants Avenue My pants?

Yeah, My Pants Avenue My pants court, intersecting with My Pants Avenue And Paul, what do you have to plug? Anything by yourself?

Go to my Twitter, Paul Rust, at Paul Rust Okay, sure, why not?

You can find out about stuff there I want to thank Sean Vachon Sean Vachon, you donated $100 to Comedy Bang Bang, thanks so much buddy Keeping the lights on here, appreciate that And I don't have any shows to plug necessarily yet I do have some coming up, I can't talk about them yet But hey, we're back to work at the Comedy Bang Bang TV show So look for that this summer Love it And that's it, close up the old plug bag What do you say? Let's close it up, here we go It's closing, oh I see it closing right now Yeah Bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong Close it up, close it up, close it up, close it up Bro Bro Ah ha Right?

Yeah Alright guys, we did it, do you have another song in you?

Do we?

Howard, I would love to hear you collabo with these guys Why don't we Could you lay down a freestyle or something?

Absolutely, don't have to ask me twice Okay, I won't ask you twice Actually, do you mind doing a freestyle?

I just wanted to ask you twice Ah, okay, yeah Alright And then you guys have another song after that Yeah Alright, Don't Stop or We'll Die sings their last song Howard, I want to hear your new single, New Board and Baby Cult How about that?
