---
layout: page
title: 21. Chris Hardwick,Charlyne Yi,Seth Morris [162⧸21205].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Indy 103.1, this is Comedy Death Ray. It is noon, I gotta turn up, I'm sorry. Is that alright?

Alright, my name is Scott Aukerman, we are on the air from noon to 1 o'clock PST here in the lovely Los Angeles studios of Intravision. We have great comedy guests on every week, we play some fun comedy songs if you haven't heard the show , welcome. We also podcast, hello to our podcast listeners. But first today, okay, let me just say we have a great show, we have a comedian Chris Hardwick is here, comedian Charl ene Yi is here, and my co-host today, we don't usually have on people from other radio stations, but I was driving down, I can only get this station in certain little patches of LA, but I was driving down kind of up part of PCH, you can get it. I was listening to KCRW and I heard this guy and I thought he was so fantastic and I just wanted to have him on the show to be my co-host.

Please welcome Nathan Brantley from KCRW.

Hello, thank you so much. Yes, you can hear me on a patch of road about 350 feet long, just across the Malibu border on the PCH. Well, thank you so much for coming. Now explain, explain, you're not always on KCRW, what is your situation there?

I am a unpaid intern, I'm the oldest unpaid intern at KCRW and I am seventh in line to host Morning Becomes Eclectic. Seventh in line, so much in the same way the right of succession, is that how you, is that what it is? Succession? Right of succession with Obama, if he were to die, then the vice president would go up. What is it, who hosted currently?

Well, Jason Bentley, Nick Harkor, if they can't do it, they will find a, well Paula Poundstone, if she's not doing, wait, wait, don't tell me. Let's see, that's three. Four is a guy named Carl.

Okay, guy, just a random guy named Carl? Is he a DJ there?

I don't believe he wears a jumpsuit, a kind of a work suit, I think he's in maintenance.

Or the future.

Five is, or the future, yes, that's very funny.

Oh, well, thank you, you know how to point out a joke.

Well, I mean, KCRW is a hilarious station.

Wait a minute, who's this?

Oh, I'm sorry.

That's our upcoming guest. Well, let's welcome him here, we 'll get into a little bit of more of your background, Nathan, here in a second, but let's welcome our first guest, he is the host.

Did I jump the gun? I just talked without really...

That's all right, that's all right, this is a loosey goosey show.

I know, but I worked in radio, I know you're not supposed to talk till you're introduced.

You guys have to understand, this is moving a million miles an hour from me.

This is the absolute fastest I've ever done anything.

Our guest today, he is the host of G4's Web Soup, he is a hilarious comedian, he's out on tour currently, or he's gonna be going out on tour very soon.

Chris Hardwick, welcome.

Hello.

Scott Aukerman and Nathan Brantley.

I'm a big fan of your almost getting to do Morning Becomes Eclectic.

I get to play songs from time to time.

Have you ever actually done the show, Nathan?

No.

Do you think you ever will do the show?

I hope to.

What would have to happen, like all seven of these people would have to...

Not that I have thought about this, but...

Not necessarily perish.

No, no, but if something happened...

Become vocally inoperative.

Right. Did you know, well let me just preface what I'm saying, but did you know that you can get a yeast infection in your throat?

I did not know that, no.

Well, that's the scenario that I've, not concocted, but I 've imagined.

If six people got a yeast infection in their throat, then Nathan Brantley would be hosting Morning Becomes Ec lectic.

Okay, how would that happen, where six people would come down with that uncommon malady?

Well, theoretically they'd drink some yeasty coffee.

Okay, I'm starting to get the picture.

Or gargle with some yeasty mouthwash.

Or have some yeast shoved down their throat in the middle of the night.

What would your style be?

You seem to have the patented KCRW style, which is very laid back, a little more laid back than what we do here, because Indy is an independent rock and roll station.

We're a little harder, but KCRW, you know, a lot of times you guys play just more downbeat songs.

Yes.

Oh, that is what's your question?

What is your style then?

Like, how would you, like, let's do a little role playing if you want to do that.

Have you ever role played before?

For radio?

Sure, for anywhere.

Yes.

In the psychiatrist's office.

Oh, yes.

Okay, so let's do a little role playing.

This is not comedy death ray.

This is Morning Becomes Eclectic.

Eclectic.

Morning, sorry, Morning Becomes Eclectic.

Yes.

And you're about to introduce a song.

Let's hear what Nathan Brantley's style would be.

What would you say about, okay, let's, should we pick any kind of song?

Or do you have one in mind?

I can, okay.

That was the Putiamo group from various parts of South America.

And up next, this is an interesting mix.

We have some civilware drawers from Iceland that have been grazed by an Arctic wind.

The album is called Grazed by an Arctic Wind.

This is Morning Becomes Eclectic.

I was grazed by an Arctic wind.

Oh, Chris, jumping in there.

Yes, except that would be in Elvish.

Yeah, yeah, that's a very important distinction.

I, oh.

Wow.

A listener of my show, yeah.

Grazed by an Arctic wind.

Not fully assaulted by the wind, but only grazed.

It was only a flesh wound.

No permanent tissue damage grazed by the wind.

Okay, I feel like you guys are making fun of me.

What?

What are you talking about?

No.

No, it's Grazed by an Arctic Wind.

It's really, I feel like you set it up.

It was very sleepy and nice and sort of dreamy.

We're just sort of jumping in there trying to add on.

We're just singing the song.

We're yes handing here.

It's a really great song.

I'm not familiar with that term.

I love.

You said you've done role playing.

Well, that, okay.

Do you take any criticism or are you pretty set in your style?

I like the way that I do things.

Okay, good.

Well, we'll just move on then.

Which is technically not at all.

All right, so a lot happening.

Let's get to the entertainment news.

A lot happening in the world this week.

Of course, the big news.

They announced Gary Sinise was interested in doing a Forrest Gump spinoff movie.

The executives though were afraid the character didn't have legs.

Any thoughts about that new story that just came out?

Well, I mean, I'm just afraid that people are going to be so saturated with this story.

Like, do we want to hammer it home even more?

It's like everything's been said about it.

You know, you can't turn on a TV or pick up a newspaper and be like, come on Sinise, I get it.

There must be war or something going on that we could talk about instead.

Speaking of war, there's a community basket drive.

Take your old and unwanted baskets and...

What does one do with them?

Well, you can take them to the basket depot in Topanga and we will send those baskets to other parts of the world that don't have enough baskets.

Okay.

I may have to ask you to pick it up a little bit if you're gonna jump in like that.

I'm sweating right now.

Gosh, all right.

Absolutely.

What else is going on?

Yes, I know.

The fastest.

What else is happening?

I've never done anything.

Thank you.

Of course, the biggest news is the Kanye West interrupting Taylor Swift.

Like a bad, bad man.

Chris, any thoughts on this?

My thoughts are that I think the worst repercussion is that it probably was not good for people who were on the fence racists.

They're like, all right, now I'm gonna be racist.

You can't take an award away from a young white girl.

I think it was bad.

I think it was just bad.

And also, I looked at his blog.

I saw his blog the next day and he was like, yeah, man, I'm sorry to Taylor, but I'm just being real.

And it's like, I really hate the argument that people use where they just say and do whatever they want and then claim that it's done out of honesty and realness.

It's like, if someone asks you, hey, what do you think of this song?

Oh, I didn't really like it.

OK, well, thank you.

I asked you and you're honest.

But you just walk up to people and go, hey, you're stupid and your face smells.

I'm just honest.

I'm just an honest person.

Man, that wasn't really necessary.

Yeah.

I find it weird that the whole argument seems to be, like you said, kind of going down racial lines of like, you know, people think Kanye is rude.

They think Serena is rude.

And then they think Obama is a liar who should be yelled at .

It's interesting.

Actually, I was totally for Serena on that call.

First of all, there was no foot fault.

And it just, the comical way in which the line judge jumped up and scurried over what I imagine like Margaret Cho's mother would do.

It was just really, it was like she made a bad call.

Serena was like, I'm going to shove this down your throat.

I think that should be part of line judging.

If you make a bad call, then the players should get to take a swipe at you with a racket.

And I just feel like that sort of evens out the field.

Then you're going to be a little bit more careful about what kind of calls you make, because it was a really shitty call.

But don't you think that the MTV Awards, the VMAs, which are otherwise known as the Video MTV Awards.

No one's really talking about the Vs.

But don't you think those are just as like even sillier than a tennis match?

Like who cares?

Like if you get up to accept a VMA, don't you think that Kanye West should be able to jump up at any point?

Yes.

Okay, sorry.

Here we go.

I think everybody can agree that the VMAs are the most important cultural event ever.

Really?

I'm not sure that they're really that relevant anymore.

Well, I'm not sure that really that relevant anymore.

What's a more relevant Video Music Award?

That is true.

That is a great point.

There are no other Video Music Awards.

I mean, that would be like if Kanye got up at the Webbies and told Steve Johnson from Boing Boing that Ask Jeeves had a record groundbreaking website.

That's fairly similar to that.

I guess so.

I guess I could see how those two.

The other thing I wanted to point out is the, as you called it, the hypocrisy that you're pointing out, as I call them, truth tellers.

People like Joe Wilson who had the courage to stand up and to call Obama the liar that he is.

Now, this is a little strange because normally the KCRW swings a little to the left.

But you take a very opposite stance here.

Well, I mean, I'm very concerned with death panels.

Okay.

I'm very concerned about this.

I mean, let's be honest.

This man was not born in the United States.

I don't know if that's being honest, but okay.

This man has a Muslim agenda.

All right.

That's interesting.

Yeah.

I'm starting to see why you're seventh in line.

Morning becomes racially insensitive.

I'm very sensitive about race.

I'm very attuned to it.

All right.

Well, we're going to...

We're getting a much clearer picture of...

Yeah.

And I'm not the one that talked about Margaret Cho's mother paddling over.

What did you say?

Paddling over?

I don't think I said paddling over at all.

Yeah.

I'm pretty sure you added that part.

Maybe that was just the mental image that's coming up in your mind.

You talked about Margaret Cho's mother and her ridiculous lampshade hat and black pajamas.

That is...

No, that's not what Chris did.

That's not even selective memory.

That's a...

You're just adding adjectives and imagery that was never a part of...

So do I create a picture with my voice?

Word picture.

A sleepy late night word picture.

Aggressive word picture.

All right.

Let's go to a song.

This is Spinal Tap.

We're going to come back with more Chris Hardwick, more Nathan Brantley after this.

♪♪♪ Whoopsie, whoopsie, time gets away from you.

This is Comedy Death Ray.

I'm Scott Aukerman.

I'm here with Chris Hardwick, our special guest from G4, Web Soup.

Yes.

And Nathan Brantley is our co-host.

We're learning a little bit more about Nathan Brantley.

It's a couple of his comments right before the song kind of led us into a dark path.

Was it about the Puteama CD?

No, it was not about that.

But we're learning just a little bit about your background.

You seem, I mean, if we may, Chris, not to gang up on you with another person, but I need a little backup here.

Oh, yeah.

You seem...

I'm with you.

You seem a little racially insensitive, a little right-wing -y for right-wing for KCRW.

I disagree with that.

I just...

I'm a truth teller and I try to stay very informed, try to stay open to all different viewpoints.

But most of the other DJs on that station do not share your views, I would think.

You might be surprised, actually.

Really?

You might be surprised.

In what way?

Well, Nina Totenberg hates Asians.

I'm not...

Really?

Absolutely.

How does that ever come up?

Let me just put it this way.

Every Asian joke I know, and I know a lot, I've learned from Nina Totenberg.

Wow.

Or as we call her, Nina Totenberg.

Ah, that's so cute.

That's adorable.

But what's not cute is the Asian jokes that she supposedly spouts every day.

No, but they are mathematically funny.

They are logically...

Meaning they have the rhythm of funny?

They have the rhythm, yeah.

Okay.

Well, don't say any of those when Charlene Yi gets out here , by the way, because we don't want to offend her.

We have a guest coming up, Charlene Yi, who's an Asian girl .

Why, why I?

I wasn't...

You weren't informed.

I wasn't told about that.

Are you going to have to leave the room while she's here?

Are people at KCRW going to hear about this?

I don't want to get kicked off the softball team.

Wait, now hold on, is KCRW an enclave?

Of racism?

I wouldn't...

Again, you're putting that label on it.

Do you have any other examples of people who work there?

Bob Edwards is a huge homophobe.

Really?

Yes.

That doesn't come across when you hear him...

He would routinely throw monthly gay bashes.

Parties, just parties.

Uh huh.

We would call them gay bashes.

Oh.

And we'd have a pinata of a homosexual man.

Wow.

Well, that's sort of a...

If you were doing the Venn diagram of racism there, that sort of crosses a couple of...

Yeah.

Wait, and you were saying...

Latchmi Singh.

Who's that?

You don't know Latchmi Singh?

She's a correspondent for NPR.

Okay.

She is a huge...

Well, she feels that the physically disabled are immoral.

Immoral?

She says it's a punishment from God, yes.

What?

Before they were even born, how would they...

Well, because God makes decisions.

God controls everything.

God can see the future, one would imagine, and would see the decisions that person would make in the future and then strikes them to be physically disabled.

Maybe they're going to kick somebody.

So it's preventative, in other words.

Weren't you saying the person who does the book reviews?

Michael Silverblatt?

Yes.

Well, he's a huge...

I'm not telling anything that people don't know.

I think you might be.

Yeah.

He's got a massive drug problem.

That's why he reads so many books.

Okay.

I mean, you cannot...

A normal person cannot read that many books to read.

Right.

It's not possible.

Michael Silverblatt, his real name is Michael Silver, and he is a Jew hater.

Really?

Yes.

He changed his name to Silverblatt so he could infiltrate what he called the devil-horned cabal.

Okay.

Wow.

That doesn't come across in his book reviews.

No, but again, I wanted to push the basket drive.

Okay.

No, we're not going to talk about the basket drive anymore.

Chris, you had something to add?

No, no.

I just...

It's just weird.

Like, you know, Michael Silver is...

Sounds like a man of Jewish descent already, so why would ...

Oh, no, no, no, no.

He just changed his name.

It's a lowercase S.

Oh.

It's not the precious metal Silver.

Okay, I get it.

All right, well, we're going to check in a little bit more with you.

Let's turn our attention to Chris.

Chris, you are the host of Web Soup, which actually tapes just across the way here.

Just across the plaza over at G4 Networks.

How's that been going?

You've been doing that for...

It's a city of Comcast Entertainment.

You've been doing that for a couple of months.

It's been going really well.

It's great.

I love it.

Everyone who works on the show is super fun.

You know Jonah Ray and Blaine Capach.

Sure.

Who doesn't know him?

Everybody...

Well, we're talking about guys who performed at Death Ray.

Right.

You know, we're part of the community.

It's been super fun.

It is an authorized ripoff of the soup.

Right.

So...

They pay a licensing fee, I would imagine.

These are more issues for Engineer Joe.

It's the same producers.

Same producers.

So it's basically, to describe the show, you show funny web clips, and then you, much like Joel McHale, does on the soup, you make fun of them.

Yes.

I'm a white guy with purposely messed up hair in front of a green screen who says sarcastic things about the videos.

And it's super fun.

And what I'm finding is, on our show, since all of our content is we're pulling in just stuff we can find on just web videos, we're literally running out of euphemisms for nuts.

Because so many people get hit in the nuts.

It's not something you ever foresee when you're going to take a job.

You're like, ah, week 12, we're going to be...

We spent a half hour the other day playing a game where we just tried to think of band names that sounded like nuts.

Let's hear some.

The Bangles.

Heavy D and the Boys.

Jonas Brothers.

The Indigo Girls.

Scrolling on Zippers.

Little Big Town.

The Roots.

Ball and Scrotz.

Is that a real band?

Well, we modified that one a little bit.

That was a mod we call it in the nerd biz.

They Might Be Giants.

Bob Wilsons Texas Playboys.

And then the Brodsky Quartet.

I have four balls.

Oh my heavens.

Plums.

What about, you know, you can...

The Plums, The Strokes, Talking Heads, Fat Boys, Fat's Dom ino.

It goes on and on.

The Rolling Stones.

It doesn't...

Really any band name.

It doesn't matter.

Like almost any band name.

You...

I'm looking around this room.

Bjork?

Great.

Why not?

The Mamas and the Papas.

Mamas and the Papas.

Speaking of the Mamas and the Papas, by the way, watch Oprah on Wednesday.

That's all I want to say.

All right.

Oh my gosh.

Appointment television?

We know some people who are in the audience and oh boy.

What happened?

I don't want to say.

This is a family program.

So is Oprah, I guess.

Oprah is a family program.

Mackenzie Phillips letting loose a crazy revelation.

Mackenzie Phillips?

Yeah.

Like one day at a time Mackenzie Phillips?

Yeah.

Boy, it's shocking.

Anyway, I hate to make a plug for it.

Maybe she can talk about it with her husband.

Wait, who's her husband?

I don't know.

I just thought that was, I was trying to poke to see if that was part of the...

No, no, no, no.

That, I mean, it is about a relationship she has, but I just heard about it yesterday.

Oh boy.

Oh no.

Okay.

I hope she's okay.

No, she's not.

Well, she's probably been living high off the one day at a time millions.

Millions.

All these years.

You know, I had sex with Bonnie Franklin.

Okay.

All right.

How is that possible?

Thank you, Nathan.

So back to, back to, to WebSoup.

Do you get a lot of like, well, who's the audience there who basically...

It's all like, like G4 is basically like nerd CNN.

That's basically what it is.

And I also, so it's, it's nerds, it's nerds, hardcore nerds .

I mean, like these are people that, I mean, I consider myself in that group.

I mean, these are, these are people that were part of my friend group when I was growing up.

And I had a revelation recently about where really, really hardcore nerds come from.

And cause all my friends in school, when I think back, the hardcore nerds, all their parents were a lot older when they were born.

And I had this realization that hardcore nerds come from old sperm.

You know, like, like, oh, if you wait too long to have kids .

Interesting.

Yeah.

I have this very simple formula, which is the fresher the mayo, the better the sandwich.

Like it is a very simple formula.

You want to have kids while you're young.

Are you gagging?

No, Nathan, why would Nathan Brantley gag at something like that?

I'm just saying, I'm just saying, if, I'm just saying old sperm probably just kind of flops around and happens its way upon to the egg.

Are you sure you don't want me to talk about race to kind of cleanse the palate after this?

Yeah, I'm not sure.

I'm just, but do you think sex would be gross if sperm were the size of tadpoles?

Well, if everything else grew to- So if we became giants, it wouldn't be weird.

Well, that's not the same argument.

That's, no, that's, I think what he's trying to say is- If we were, if we became giants, then the question would be , do you think we'd go so sperm were the size of whales?

I feel like you're being coy about wanting to show me something.

We'll have to do that during one of our, one of our songs.

So yeah, nerds, G4.

It's all nerds.

I have a question.

Sometimes my computer just completely stops.

No, you see, he's not, he's not with the geek squad, actually, Nathan.

He just hosts, he's an entertainer.

I can, I can give you, you, you, you just have to unplug it and then plug it back in and just power cycle it.

What was the last word?

It.

Power, power cycle?

Power, power cycle.

Now, see, that's interesting.

I'm not familiar with that term.

What is that?

You're just turning your computer on and off.

Oh, why don't you just say turn it on and off then?

Well, I guess, I guess I could have, but power cycle is really what that, what that's called.

That's one of those, that's just one of those.

Why is that upsetting you?

Oh man.

What does that have to do with Judaism?

Jew points?

That's a Jew ploy.

You, you rephrase something and you make it sound inaccessible.

And then I guess if we were in the real world, I'd probably have to pay you a thousand dollars.

Okay.

Now hold on, hold on.

I don't agree with you.

By the way, Indy 103.1 does not share the same kind of sentiment.

Nor does Chris Hardwick or WebSoup.

No.

Have you, have you made some sort of a demo?

Cause this may be what has kept you from moving beyond that number seven spot to get to where it becomes eclectic.

I am constantly just trying new things around KCRW.

Let's hear you introduce another song and we'll hear like, maybe if you do one more, we'll hear a little bit more of why you're not getting hired there.

Okay.

All right.

Okay.

Coming up next, this is a track from Devinder Bernhardt that he did with M. Ward.

Black people in the traffic on the way to the world.

Wait, wait, wait.

You just travel out there.

What do you know what he's saying?

Hang on, hang on.

It was a nice song.

Yeah, but I feel like you, as you came off the mic, you backed away from it and then it felt like you were sharing a private moment, but you didn't know that you were on the mic, which had something to do with the...

No, no, no.

Oh, no, no, no.

It sounded like you said, I'm not even sure what this means .

Did you say black people and their traffic?

Yeah.

What does, I didn't even think about that.

Weird misguided racism.

Wait, what's the connection between misguided racism?

Have you ever been in a long traffic line, really long traffic line?

Sure.

We live in LA, of course.

And wondered why, what's going on?

What is this?

I just think maybe the light's red and people can't go.

Wrong color.

Okay, well.

Red is not the problem, my friend.

All right.

Well, we're gonna...

So fortunately you don't do traffic at KCRW.

They will not let me do traffic.

All right, let's go to a song.

This is Garfunkel and Oates, pregnant women are smug, comedy death, reindeer 103.1.

♪ Pregnant women are smug ♪ ♪ Everyone knows it ♪ ♪ Nobody says it ♪ ♪ Because they're pregnant ♪ ♪ F and son of a gun ♪ ♪ You think you're so deep now ♪ ♪ You give me the creeps now ♪ ♪ That you're pregnant ♪ ♪ I can't count all the ways how ♪ ♪ You speak in cliches now ♪ So do you want a boy or a girl?

Oh, it doesn't matter as long as it's healthy.

Really?

Because I don't feel like those two things are related.

It's not like one or the other.

No, no, as long as it's healthy.

♪ I can't wait to hear someone say ♪ ♪ Don't care if it's brain dead ♪ ♪ Don't care if it's limbless ♪ ♪ If it has a penis ♪ ♪ Pregnant women are smug ♪ ♪ Everyone knows it ♪ ♪ Nobody says it ♪ ♪ Because they're pregnant ♪ ♪ This end world you're enjoying ♪ ♪ Makes you really annoying ♪ So is it a boy or a girl?

Oh, we know, but we're not telling.

What are you gonna name it?

Oh, we know, but we're not telling.

Who's the father?

Oh, we know, but we're not telling.

♪ Bitch, I don't really care ♪ ♪ I was being polite now ♪ ♪ Since you have no life now ♪ ♪ That you're pregnant ♪ ♪ You say you're walking on air ♪ ♪ You think that you're glowing ♪ ♪ But you had been hoeing ♪ ♪ And now you're pregnant ♪ ♪ You're just giving birth now ♪ ♪ You're not mother earth now ♪ Yeah, I've got a lot going on.

I got my degree, I moved, I wrote a novel, I got married.

Gosh, you know, everything just seems so trivial now that I'm pregnant.

Well, I also helped end gang violence in Mexico.

You know, I can't even really remember what I did before I was pregnant.

Everything just seems so meaningless.

♪ Pregnant women are smug ♪ ♪ Everyone knows it ♪ ♪ Nobody says it ♪ ♪ Because they're pregnant ♪ ♪ Heaven, son of a gun ♪ ♪ You think you're so deep now ♪ ♪ You give me the creeps now ♪ ♪ Now that you're pregnant ♪ Aww, Indie 103.1, that is Garfunkel and Oates, who will be on the special bonus episode next week.

That is, in fact, let me do a little plug here.

Coming up Thursday, this Thursday, Comedy Death Ray travels to Vancouver September 24th, this Thursday at the Vogue Downtown.

Let me run off who we have there.

We have Andy Dick, in addition to myself, by the way, myself and B.J. Porter.

We have Andy Dick, Paul F. Tompkins, Andy Kindler, Reggie Watts, Maria Bamford, Brent Weinbach, Nick Thune, Natasha Leggero, all friends of the show, plus more.

There's a couple more people I can't really talk about.

You won't want to miss it.

Tickets are at comedyfest.com, which is pretty easy to remember, comedyfest.com.

We're also going to be doing a live, not a live broadcast.

We were going to be doing a live broadcast, but it was too hard to do, or too expensive, rather.

So instead, we're going to be taping an episode from there.

And my guests there, I believe I'm going to have Todd Barry on.

I'll have Paul F. Tompkins on, Garfunkel and Oates doing a live session.

Reggie Watts will be there.

So that'll be really fun.

We're going to have a guest host next week, who is Jimmy Parda will be back.

He is a fan favorite.

Dana Gould will be a guest here next week.

And they're going to do the regular broadcast and the regular episode.

And then we're going to do that bonus episode, which would go up a few days later.

So that'll all be next week.

So I want to welcome our next guest here.

She was the star of a movie that just came out this summer, Paper Heart, which swept, won awards at Sundance and no.

Okay.

She's making a face like it didn't, but I was under the impression it did.

Charlene Yi.

How are you Charlene?

Good.

How are you doing?

Ah, fantastic.

Hello Charlene.

Why he's not clapping?

Hi.

Yeah.

Why aren't you clapping here, Nathan?

I, um...

You won't even look at me.

Yeah.

What's happening here?

Oh, now you just kind of sullenly...

Hold on.

I'm just imagining what you would look like with a little mustache right over here.

Wait, a Hitler mustache?

Is that what you're trying to say?

A righteous mustache.

Oh my God.

Okay.

Well, Charlene, I apologize for Nathan.

I got duped somehow into him being my cohost this episode, but we do want to welcome you.

You're going to sing us a song here, right?

Um, yeah.

Any setup you need for this?

Um, no.

It's just a song called Coyote.

All right.

Indie 103.1, this is Charlene Yee, Coyote.

Here we go.

Don't, don't cry, cry to the moon.

Don't you cry, Coyote.

I will be your friend.

I will listen to your sorrows till the very end.

Shut up, Coyote.

Shut up.

That's in the song.

Wow.

Very good.

Thank you so much, Charlene.

You know what would be kind of fun?

Oh, why don't you talk right into a mic?

That would be a little easier for you.

I think it would be a lot of, you mean, I can't, people just, if I shout, people can't understand.

Would it be all right, just as a suggestion, just in the spirit of unity?

Sure.

If you just kind of ended that song again, or any song, and then we'll have Nathan just like talk out of it, like it's not like it would be on KCRW .

That's such a great idea.

You want to sort of practice like for like what live performances will be like on KCRW.

Can you get some sort of a song ready for us?

If you wanted to end the same one, I could, whatever you want.

No, no, not the same one.

Just think of any kind of new song.

Chris, go ahead and move that over for her.

And we're going to have Nathan introducing Charlene Yi instead of me.

So do it just like you would do, just kind of a little practice.

Introducing Charlene Yi.

Yes, introducing the song.

Not the outro.

No, no, do the intro, and then we'll do a little outro as well.

Okay.

Here we go.

All right, coming up next, we have a very funny young lady who was just in a film that didn't win any awards at Sundance.

Sundance.

The screenwriting award I won.

Did not win any major awards at Sundance with a song called Coyote, which, interestingly enough, is the name of the bandits who sneak illegal immigrants over the border.

Okay.

All right.

Robbing us of jobs.

I don't know.

Trying to change our national language and sully our blood line.

I don't know what this has to- Charlene Yi, ladies and gentlemen.

All right.

Well, Charlene, what do you got?

You want to do another song?

I guess so.

After that thing?

Sure.

Well, it's the only intro you have.

Okay.

Wait.

Okay, that was Charlene Yi.

No, no, hold on.

See, this is another problem.

No, that's good.

You seem to be jumping in at the wrong times.

I thought she was done.

I am done.

I'm done.

Thanks for having me.

Charlene, don't get mad.

No, I'm not mad.

Again, there's a basket drive.

No, enough about the basket drive.

Enough about the basket.

Charlene, come on.

Does your friend have a problem?

He's not- first of all, let me just be very clear.

He's not my friend.

He is a local- Why are you guys holding hands?

That is true.

We enjoy holding hands because human companionship is hard to come by in this difficult world.

And I've known Scott a long time.

He feels more stimulated as a host with the touch.

Yeah.

So he likes to touch during his show.

You're a little too far away from me.

Otherwise, I'd be feeling up on you.

Can I plug 911 was an inside job.

Okay, let's please.

No, we don't want to do that.

All right.

Tell you what.

Let's go to another song.

When we come back, we'll have more Chris Hardwick, more Charlene Yee, and more Nathan Brantley.

This is Charlene's other band, The Glass Beef with Dot Dot.

One, two, three, four.

Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot Dot Dot, Dot Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot.

There's no connection between the dots.

There's only a line.

There's no connection between the dots.

Between us both.

Ah, that's so nice.

That is Charlene's other band, The Glass Beef with Paul Rust.

Charlene will be back a little bit later, but it's time for a game.

Or a new feature, a new feature on the program.

This is, I was talking with Reggie Watts last week about other games we could play.

Of course, we have Would You Rather, which is a fan favorite.

But, uh, I was talking about other games, and so he and I came up with a little something that we thought would be fun.

So, uh, it is now time to play What Is It Wearing?

Oh, let's do that theme song.

What Is It Wearing?

Okay, so this is What Is It Wearing?

I would love it if the theme song was three minutes long of just that.

Sometimes it feels like it.

Is that the polyphonic spoon?

All right, this is a very simple game to play.

Are you guys ready?

We have not talked about it off the air, so I'm going to explain the rules for you right now.

A very simple game.

I am thinking of an object, and it is wearing something, and you have to guess what it is wearing without ever asking me what is it wearing.

All right, I am now open.

Go ahead.

You are thinking of a cantaloupe who is wearing Tony Danza.

Well, okay, hold on, hold on.

Maybe we're not clear on the rules.

I don't understand.

Uh, we're not trying to find what the object is, okay?

That's not part of the game.

Okay, gotcha.

So please, let's not even...

You'll never find out what the object is.

We're trying to find out what it is wearing.

Do we ask for clues or we just guess?

Uh, there are no rules other than the rule that I gave you, which is you cannot ask me what it's wearing.

Okay.

Um, all right, go ahead, guys.

Garment.

What?

Garment what?

It's wearing a garment.

What are you saying?

Well, I'm saying it's wearing a garment of some sort.

Is that a question?

Is that a...

No, it's a statement.

It's a demonstrative...

And how am I supposed to respond to that?

Um, favorably?

Favorably?

Sorry, I'm not sure how to respond to that.

You have something, Nathan?

There are no rules here.

This is like a Palestinian business model.

Uh-huh, uh-huh.

It just catches, catches...

Guys, time is ticking away.

It's a smile on its face.

What?

It's wearing a smile on its face.

That's a statement?

Are you telling me that?

That's my guess.

It's wearing a...

Wait, you're not supposed to guess.

That's not how we play the game.

Okay, maybe the rules weren't quite...

It is absolutely wearing a sarong.

Are you yelling at me right now?

It is absolutely...

I think I was a little bit.

I'm sorry.

Yeah, come on, take it down a little bit.

Take it down.

This is very loud in here.

Okay, so what do you guys got?

Time's ticking away.

We're almost done with the game and we haven't figured out what it's wearing.

A Growing Pains crew t-shirt?

Okay, let me just say you are not to ask me what it's wearing.

Okay, that was a question.

I don't feel like that.

I mean, I did go up on the end.

Yeah, that was a question, but I wasn't really a question.

No, we cannot ever ask what it's wearing.

Okay, that would just be too easy, Chris.

Come on, that would be way too easy.

Okay.

This is a statement.

It's wearing a kilt.

Wait, are you telling me it's wearing a kilt?

Yes.

Uh, I mean, that's not how you play the game.

I'm the one...

Isn't it?

You said there are no rules.

I'm the one who comes up with what it's wearing and then...

Do you?

You said there's no rules except for the one rule.

You're not the one telling me what it's wearing.

It's wearing a young one's shirt, t-shirt.

Am I the thing?

Oh, no.

Wait, wait, wait.

Hold on.

We're not...

Chris, come on.

Okay, I thought I was pretty clear with the rules here.

You know, you seem upset.

We are not supposed to ever find out what it is.

Well, what happens if we do?

The purpose of this game is to find out what it is wearing.

Okay?

So, that said, we're almost out of time and neither of you have figured it out.

It's wearing a newspaper jacket like the one that was on Project Runway a couple of nights.

Wait, see, this is part of the problem, Chris.

You're just telling me what it's wearing.

That's not how you play the game.

I come up with what it's wearing.

You don't tell me what it's wearing.

Okay.

So, okay, let's go ahead.

Okay, I think I've got it now.

Try some new tactics, guys, because you guys are...

Golf pants!

It is wearing golf pants!

See, again, you're just...

Ishi Idor is wearing golf pants.

You're just telling me something, okay?

I, you know, that's not how you play.

Come up with some new ideas here, guys.

Come on.

It is...

I haven't been this confused by rules since I tried to divorce a Pacific Islander.

It...

The simply are simple for national purified race.

The rules are simple.

There is only one rule, which is you are not to ask me what it is wearing.

Well, see, but then it's confusing because then when we tell you what it's wearing, then you snap at us.

Well, that's just not the game.

I mean, that's not a rule.

That's just not a game.

I'm not trying to be rude.

You know, I want to be a good guest, but...

Okay.

But, um...

Ah!

We just ran out of time.

Damn it!

You guys...

What was it?

Can I ask now?

It was a Rubik's Cube.

I was gonna say that!

Yeah.

Wait, it's wearing a Rubik's Cube?

Yes.

And that is how we play What Is It Wearing?

♪ All right, I think that was a success.

Yes, I feel like we kind of reached some common ground there.

We were both confused, a little bit overwhelmed by the rules there.

I still don't know if we shared a moment there.

I'm good.

I'm great!

Just to coach the guys at camp and we shoot our guns.

No, that sounds really awful.

We practiced defending.

All of it sounds bad.

What did you think of the game?

I thought it went relatively well.

I mean, I think it might be a successful stand-in for Would You Rather.

What do you think?

My personal suggestion is a whole show of that.

Oh, that's a really good suggestion.

I see a spin-off.

A whole hour of What Is It Wearing?

Yeah.

Of just that.

I'm not very good at it.

No, no.

But I do have to say, out of everyone who's played the game , you are the worst by far at it.

Although I feel like Nathan and I were pretty in line with, you know, quality-wise.

Do you really want to say that?

I mean, quality-wise from the show.

Oh, right, lined up.

I don't mean...

No, no, no, no, no, no.

What kind of line are we talking about, Chris?

I wasn't suggesting any kind of ideological...

Let's put it this way.

I would have no problem with you dating my daughter.

You wouldn't even have eight simple rules.

All right, let's go to a song.

This is John C. Reilly on Indy 103.1.

♫ All the elevator buttons so incredibly high ♫ ♫ I stand today for the midget ♫ ♫ Thank God I am tall ♫ ♫ I won't let you fall ♫ ♫ We're all midgets and some are just small ♫ Small?

What are you...

♫ Stand up for the little people ♫ Oh, hello.

Nathan, what do you think about that?

Witch now?

That's a song about midgets and how they...

I think it's funny.

You think it's funny?

Oh, okay.

So you don't have anything against them.

I think midgets is an offensive word.

Oh, really?

What do you think?

I call them sliders.

All right, so we brought Charlene back.

She's calmed down a little bit.

She's back here.

And one thing that a lot of people don't know about you, Charlene, is you are what you call a voice extraordinaire, which I immediately thought didn't make a lick of sense, but then you explained it to me as in it means a person who can do a lot with...

Voices.

Voices, right.

A lot like Michael Winslow, like you do sound effects or what exactly is it?

Just different impressions?

Impressions, voices, sound effects.

You name it, I do it.

What about voices?

Oh, you mentioned that.

That's right.

I thought that was kind of a challenge.

You name it.

Train whistle.

Okay, here we go.

Train whistle.

Wow.

Ah, pretty good.

All right, so you have a little special thing for us here that you're going to do?

All right, so this is Charlene Ye, voice extraordinaire.

I'm going to take you back to the old west.

Once upon a time in the old, old west, something terrible happened.

Everybody in town was gazing at the glorious sky.

When something caught their eye, a green glowing light.

It was an alien spaceship and it crashed right into our town.

Now nobody, now nobody want to hunt the damn thing.

So we signed one of our less educated kids to go do it.

So let me get this straight.

You want me, Joe Pesci, to go after this so-called creature ?

Yes.

Okay, but I guess, I guess you picked me because I'm probably the only, you know, strongest, most courageous guy in this whole town .

Oh yeah, that's right Joe Pesci.

Wow, you're making me blush.

Okay.

And so Joe Pesci went out to defeat the alien on his own.

He started to walk towards the crash.

Now you be careful Joe Pesci, I'm your grandma.

Thanks.

Having a little trouble there with your voice?

Let's keep going.

Thanks, Grant.

This must be a difficult one.

Graham Joe Pesci.

I was trying to get back at it.

Okay, Joe Pesci, here we go.

Thanks grandma.

Would you stop smooching in front of me?

Would you stop smooching me in front of my friends?

Those pretty dames watching.

Oh, you're embarrassed of me.

No grandma.

I was just worried because you know, you're such a pretty looker that the, you know, the other ladies might get jealous, you know.

Oh yes, of course.

Well be careful.

So he marched his little feet towards the crash.

And it was really bright out there.

My eyes, I'm squinting, it's so bright.

And so Joe Pesci, and so Joe Pesci, walked into the breeze and he started to move things.

He didn't see anything, but then he looked around and he didn't see anything under the, he dropped a quarter and he looked down and he saw an alien .

Hey, hey alien, you ain't dangerous are you?

No, I'm not.

I come in peace.

Wow, you can talk.

You're just like me.

I am just like you, me and alien.

Who would have thought?

And so Joe Pesci realized that he had a lot in common with this alien.

They did everything together.

They even went to the restroom together.

In the urinals.

They ran into some trouble in the urinals.

Hey, what are you looking at, freak?

I'm looking at you.

That guy in the restroom didn't like his answer and they started to fight.

Fight, fight, fight.

And then all of a sudden John Lovitz came in.

Hi, I'm John Lovitz.

You might recognize me from the critic, the cartoon.

And also Mickey Mouse came out there too.

Hi everyone, it's me, Mickey Mouse.

I don't want to fight me the alien.

I think it's time for me to go now.

I'm gonna build my spaceship so I can get out of here.

And so the alien built his spaceship.

It was time for him to go.

Hey, uh, it's me, Frankie alien.

I uh, not Frankie, Joe Pesci.

Who's Frankie?

Hey, it's me, Joe Pesci.

Yeah, alien, I gotta tell you.

I'm really gonna miss you.

Be good.

I'll always be right here.

Okay?

Okay.

And so be part of the ways, boy and alien.

The end.

Thank you.

Wow.

I have a whole cast.

I have to say that, uh, you know, you came up to me, Charl ene, and you, uh, said, hey, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a voice extraordinaire and I can do all these voices and sound effects.

And that was, uh, everything that, that, that you said it would be.

Thank you so much.

May I say something?

Yes.

Nathan.

First off, I wanted to say that there is a KCRW pledge drive this weekend.

KCRW is completely listener supported.

Okay.

And what I just heard was a sick tale filled with homosexuality, illegal aliens.

Please, please, Nathan.

Very thin reference to illegal aliens.

I will.

I do agree with that.

There was a very vocal, uh, proponent, very vocal, uh, pro, um, taxpayer funded special education message in there.

Did, didn't little Joe Pesci go to a special class?

What do you mean?

Wasn't there something, a line in there about, oh, less educated.

They sent one of the less educated kids.

Yeah.

You know what, Nathan, I really don't want you coming here, spreading your KCRW racist filth, especially because, you know, I don't know because I don't like retards and aliens, but I don't think, what I don't think Nathan doesn't mean.

K gays.

But I don't think, but I don't think Nathan realizes is that, um, every other station in the building we're in is a Latino.

Yeah.

You're going to have a hard time getting out of here.

Literally every other station is, is a Latino is a Latino station.

Yeah.

Except for this one.

Yeah.

Are you kidding me?

No.

They're speaking Spanish on the other side of the door right there.

Well, thank God the second amendment is still alive and well.

I have a shotgun taped underneath every other desk.

What?

When did you have time to do that?

I snuck in last night and I created an escape route just in case.

Well, you know, always be prepared.

I do respect you for that.

All right.

Well, uh, it looks like we're going to wrap up the show here.

I, I, I want to thank our guests.

Charlene Yee, thank you so much for your, uh, unique perspective on entertainment.

Thank you.

Oh, who's that?

But Ellen, I'm back.

I want to talk to Charlene.

Char, do you have anything coming up?

Your movie is out on DVD when?

Um, I'm not sure yet.

We're still out in theaters.

Still out in theaters?

People can still see it.

It's fantastic.

Paper heart.

That's with, uh, it's a documentary about, or a mockument ary.

Not sure.

Half documentary, half not.

A halfumentary we call it.

Halfumentary.

Um, and Chris, uh, what's going on with you?

You got web soup, obviously.

Yep.

And, uh, you're going on tour, every comedy tour.

Where can people see you?

Give us some dates.

I will be in Philadelphia on, I'll be in Chicago on October 3rd, Philadelphia, October 9th.

Then I'm going to Austin and Portland and DC.

I, my, my website is Nerdist.com.

Nerdist.com.

And what, what are you calling this tour?

The nice tweets tour.

Nice tweets.

Because I like Twitter.

Uh, by the way, I had no idea KCRW was such a hive of, of racist activity before today.

We found out a lot about it.

I have an appearance.

I'm going to be doing, I'm going to be doing a town hall meeting in East Lansing, Michigan coming up.

Okay.

What are you going to be doing there?

I'm just warming up the crowd.

Okay.

Um, and again, the basket drive.

Yeah, we've heard so much about the basket drive.

We don't need to hear.

I should mention that as a whites only basket drive.

Oh, so any white people?

Absolutely not.

Any white people who have a pure basket.

My, my grandmother was Cherokee Indian. Can I, can I, wow.

Is that a joke?

No, it's totally true.

It's absolutely true.

My mother's mother was, it was an Indian native American.

Oh, did I pay for your college because of that?

It would be awesome if you did.

Can you?

Can you, can you still do that?

I'd like to take some other classes.

Uh, all right.

Well, that's it.

That's it for this show.

Uh, I, uh, we'll see you in Vancouver on Thursday.

All you Canadians and, um, next week, Jimmy Pardo will be here with Dana Gould.

And, uh, the week after that, I have some really special guests and, uh, we'll talk a little bit more about that, but, uh, look for that special episode on the podcast until then.

Yes on Prop 8.

Oh, uh, go see Clavvy with a Chance of Meatballs.

Very funny.

Um, all right, we'll see you next week.

Oh, Ted Roman is coming up on Indy 103.1.

Thanks very much.
