Fans of this program know I'm from Orange County and we have one of the actors from the OC, the television show, on the show today. Adam Brody, TV and film star, is here. First podcast he has ever done. Plus we have a couple of other really intriguing and fascinating guests. All of that and more, all on today's...

♪ Leave your ears by the foyer. It's peppermint time. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much for that catchphrase submission, J.D.

Miller. Appreciate that.

If you have a catchphrase submission, you know what to do.

Welcome to the show. Rainy day in Los Angeles. Wet weather.

Yep, wet weather indeed. And we have a very special show here today. First of all, I hope you like movie stars. We're covering the bases on that end today. We also have high school students.

Occasionally I have my high school intern here, Marissa Wam pler, but I have a very special co-host with me today. A different high school. What grade are you in, honey?

I'm a junior.

You're a junior?

Yeah.

Okay. And all I really know about Tracy, or by the way, Tracy Reardon is here.

Yeah, my name is Tracy Reardon.

Hi.

Welcome to the show.

Thanks so much. It's so cool to be here. Like, I'm like so excited to be here. It's really neat.

Like, how did you get here? How, why are you on the show?

Oh, well, like my brother works at this building and like, he told me that like, I should hang out here and like, hopefully someone would notice me and I would like get a job.

Oh, I just assumed I saw you here in the building. I assumed that you were on the show.

Oh, I mean, I am now, which is like really awesome.

You are on the show.

Yeah. Thank you so much. It's like really cool.

Oh, okay.

Like, my whole life is like so weird. Like I just feel like everything random happens to me like all the time. Like it's so weird.

It is weird. Yeah. Okay.

My whole life is like so random. Like you can't even like predict it. Like it's so weird.

The only bio you gave for me is that you work at Baskin Robbins and what's your...

And Klairs. I work at Baskin Robbins and Klairs.

What is Klairs?

Klairs is like a boutique. We sell like little earrings and like necklaces.

Oh, okay.

I have POCOs. Like I'm an ear piercer.

Okay.

Yeah. So that's what I do.

Okay, great. Well, we'll, we'll find out a little bit more about you.

Yeah.

I guess you're acting in the capacity of co-host today.

Cool. That's really neat. Like I got so many things to say and like, I'm really excited. So...

Okay, great.

All right. Well, have you ever met our, our, our main superstar guest?

No, I haven't. And I'm like freaking out. So it's like...

You're freaking out? Okay.

I'm freaking out.

You seem to be keeping a cool composure on the outside.

I always look like I don't care, but like I'm freaking out inside.

Okay, great. All right. Well, you know him. He, I mean, a lot of people would know him from his TV work. He played Seth Cohen on the OC.

But you called me a movie star earlier. What constitutes that?

You have been in a movie that I've seen.

Yeah. That's a really big deal.

That's a movie star?

Yeah.

To me?

Okay. I'll take it.

It's a low threshold, but hey. He played Seth Cohen on the OC. Been in films like Mr. and Mrs. Smith, you know?

Yeah. 150 million at the box office.

Yes.

Whoa, those are really big numbers.

That's domestic. That's just domestic.

Anything with a million after it constitutes a big number.

No one knows I'm in it, but it's still, it's...

Were you unbilled in that? Where I...

I was billed because I think Vince Vaughn didn't want billing. So I have like a great...

If you look at the billing block, I'm disproportionately high. It makes no sense.

But Vince Vaughn had sort of a Bill Murray and Tootsie kind of thing.

Yes.

Yeah. Okay. By the way, Adam Brody.

Yeah. Oh, that's my name. That's me.

Yay.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you guys. Thanks to both of you.

I'm a big fan of your work. I think you're a really funny guy.

And you're on a podcast.

This is so cool.

My first podcast.

This is your first one.

Yeah. I accidentally... I took a shower this morning. I thought we filmed this. I don't know how technology works.

Yeah. You don't have to look good, really. I mean, like, you could come in here looking really weird, right? Like, do people come in here like they don't even like shower or anything? They look so weird.

Yeah. Occasionally, I guess that's true.

That's so weird. That's so freaky. Like, if people just come in, they're like, they don't even care what they look like because like no one can see them.

Yeah. I mean, that does happen. And then they're surprised when we take pictures at the end.

Yeah. That's weird.

Yeah. That is weird.

Oh, there's pictures. Good.

There is a picture. Yeah. So your shower was not in vain.

Okay.

Now you and I have never met before.

That's correct.

Is this your card?

It's just my card.

Little magic joke.

That's my driver's license.

What's been going on?

In my life?

A lot of soul searching.

Really?

Yeah.

What have you found?

Well, I'm finally okay with who I am. And, you know, we can 't be more than ourselves.

So we're all just trapped in these bodies that our parents gave us.

Yeah. Yeah. And I'm sort of crossing that point where you start to, I'm not saying I'm decomposing, but you, you know, you've, if your physicality , you know, I've passed that, if I was an athlete, you're at the apex.

Yes. Okay.

Going back into the ground.

Yeah. Regressing into being eventually a schlubby mess.

Yes. But wiser. A wiser schlubby mess.

That's right. Isn't that ironic?

Yeah.

I'm in my point right now.

How old are you?

I'm 17.

Oh, 17. Yeah.

I'm in my point. I'm like the most physically fit I'll ever be in my entire life.

Really? You think next year you're not going to...

Yeah. Probably next year.

What's happening next year? The freshman 15th? No, you'll be a senior then.

I'll be a senior. I'm going to gain 20 pounds next year. It 's a personal challenge. It's no big deal.

You are kind of rail stick thin at this point.

Yeah. Like, that's just my natural body. But like, I feel like I'm trying to change it because like I really want boobs. So I feel like I probably need to gain like 20 pounds in order to get boobs. But I might gain it all on my neck.

Who knows?

Yeah. That might work. I mean, you may just develop some fl ab that would kind of hang over your bra.

Yeah. And like probably no one would like want to buy my products and stuff at Claire's.

Yeah.

Like I'm a really good salesperson. So...

Do you think that's because you're so kind of physically fit and thin?

Yeah. Like people think like they want to be like me because like I'm like the coolest person and like I'm not a freak at all. Like I'm not weird. So like people are like, I just really want to be like that girl. She's so cool.

How many?

So then why do you need the boobs?

Because like that's something that I've always struggled with is like I don't have any boobs.

And like I feel like when guys are like hooking up with me, they're like really disappointed when like I take off all my clothes and like I have like no boobs.

So you've taken off all your clothes with a lot of guys at this point?

Like five, like whatever. I mean, they're all seniors though.

Oh, okay. That's okay then. Okay. I understand. How many piercings do you have?

I have 14 piercings.

Yeah. Your right ear is just...

Yeah. It's all my right ear.

All in your right ear? Oh my goodness. What happened to the left?

Like my left ear doesn't have any cartilage. Like, so you can't pierce it. Like it's kind of illegal.

Oh, okay. It's illegal. Yeah. I know there are a lot of ear piercing laws.

Well, I know all of them because I'm an ear piercer.

Yeah. Yeah. I imagine.

Whatever. Like if you want your ears pierced today, Adam, like I'll pierce yours.

Adam, do you have anything pierced?

I've, uh, I, I, I self pierced my eyebrow.

What? That's so cool.

Really?

Very short lived.

Do you still have a scar or anything like that?

No, no, no. I had it in so briefly.

Now that's neat.

Um, all the cool kids were doing it then.

Um, not really. Not really.

You're really tough.

Something about doing it yourself that hurts less, I think.

You think so? Really?

Yeah. Yeah.

Because you can kind of control the...

Yeah. It's like anytime I get blood drawn now, I just pretend I'm doing it and it's no big deal.

It's kind of, I wouldn't say it's fun, but...

I just pretend I'm injecting heroin and I just get some euphoric high for a second.

Whoa, that's really scary.

Were you a goth when you were 17?

No, no, I was actually, but there was this move. I was a surfer, but, um, a couple of the cool surfers got into like a little bit, like not goth, but like the misfits.

And, um, so, you know, a pseudo goth and you dyed your hair black, which contrasted with your tan. It was weird.

And your hair being black, your hair is a dark, dark brown.

But at the time, so much sun, it was actually blonde.

Yeah. Yeah.

Do you like surfers by the way, Tracy?

Surfers are like so cool. Like, I feel like surfing is like a really cool sport.

What's your ideal piercings in a man?

Oh, like definitely both eyebrows across the board.

Wait, how many in each eyebrow?

However thick the eyebrow is.

Do you want like a unibrow of piercings?

Oh no, that's disgusting.

But several piercings per eyebrow.

Yeah, like probably six per eyebrow, um, across the board.

And then, uh, if they could have, uh, the both the nipples pierced and then like the top of the ears pierced.

The top. Okay. Just the tops.

Because the bottom is, you don't like that.

That's for gay guys.

But piercing eyebrows are totally hetero.

Yeah, it's like really hardcore.

Yeah. Okay.

Now you were a surfer Adam growing up and what's the last time you did it?

Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving.

Really? So you're still keeping up with it?

Yeah. Yeah.

How good are you? What's the biggest wave you ever, uh, I don't know.

The biggest. Well, that would be more how brave I am and not very brave.

But, um, in terms of skill, uh, I'm okay.

But that's just a lot of hours.

I mean, a lot of that is, it's not necessarily because I'm talented.

It's just because I had the access as a kid.

And it's one of those sports where most people, you know, 90% of the world is landlocked.

It seems like so.

Right. So you're automatically one of the best because you just happen to live in California.

Exactly.

That's how I feel about me as a host of a podcast.

I put in the hours. I don't have any talent, but I've done it so many times.

Um, and, uh, uh, so you still do it about, about how often do you do it?

Not that much. I mean, not that much.

I, I, if I get out there like once a month, I'm happy with myself and I wasn't, I was doing it even less. I was my, my, my folks still live in San Diego.

And so I went down there for Thanksgiving and that's what, that's why you and Doug Benson. I don't know if you know him, but a comedian, Doug Benson.

Wait, I know the name.

He's a lot of weed.

Yeah.

That's like everyone knows him.

Yeah. That's how anyone he's High Times Magazine, uh, St oner of the Year, several years. Yeah.

Yeah. But he's from San Diego. He's a comedian from San Diego. Goes down there every Thanksgiving, every Christmas.

I just worked with Ryan Hansen, who's a comedic actor.

Probably more than a...

From, uh, Party Down?

Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. He's a...

Yeah. He's so fun.

...uh, say it fell on San Diego.

And Veronica Mars. Yeah.

Um, oh, is he on Veronica Mars?

Yeah. Yeah. Great actor. Really fine.

Can you do flips on your surfboard?

Flips. Gosh, no.

So when you say that, by the way, Tracy, do you mean the surfboard stays the same, but he's flipping on it?

Oh, that's cooler than what I thought. Can you do that?

Yeah. I've never tried. Maybe.

Well, that was you. That was the answer. You need to try.

Have you ever done... Have you ever, like, hotdogged and done, like, a handstand on the board?

Well, I have a little... No. The short answer is no.

What's the long answer? Hit us. We got a lot of time here.

You know, I, uh, I have a small board. I don't think...

Oh, you probably can't do a flip because, like, you're pretty tall.

Yeah. So you fall off the board.

How does it... I'm so tall.

How do you look aesthetically? You're a tall guy, tiny board.

Gangly. Well, you've got to figure out, and it's the same in acting.

You got to figure out what to do with your arms, and I'm still... I'm still figuring it out.

I was a... I was a Hands in Pockets actor.

Yeah. I'm hands on hips in my life and working out.

You should put your hands in the air.

It's just like you're doing the wig.

Yeah. Like, everyone would be like, that's a very interesting person.

Oscar nominee Adam Brody.

You probably get really buff too.

Yeah. You'll be really strong and you can pick up all your girlfriends.

Yeah.

Uh, Tracy, do you do any acting?

Um, not really, but like I did pursue, like, acting a little bit in middle school.

I was trying to get in all the plays and stuff, but like I never got in.

Oh, so you tried to pursue it, but you just never actually did any of it.

I pursued it, but like I didn't achieve it.

Okay. I see.

So it was really heartbreaking, but...

It's not over.

Yeah, I guess, but like I feel like I'm more of a worker than an actor.

Like, I feel like I should work in stores and stuff.

Really? Just in retail? That's your future?

Yeah, retail. And like, I don't know, is Baskin Robbins retail or is that food service?

Um, I guess I'll do both, but...

I guess that's a good question. I mean, do you get commission on your scoops?

Because you sell, I assume? No, and nobody even notices I have a perfect scoop.

Oh, really? Do you, when you dish them out, do you say yes, scoops for you?

Uh, I will now probably.

That's a really cool case.

So you work it back in Baskin Robbins too?

Yeah, Baskin Robbins. No, Baskin Robbins is the first one.

There's a Baskin Robbins...

Baskin Robbins 2 is like Coke 2. Like, no one really liked it.

It's like Gallagher 2.

Yeah. It was like a CPK Express.

So where do you find time for school? You got two jobs.

Well, like, I work all night. So I'm like constantly working whenever I'm not in school.

So like at school I'm in school and at work I'm at work.

And like those are just my two lives.

And like I have different friends at both places and like I just like compartmentalize my life.

Which is your afternoon job? Which is your evening job?

Um, I work at Claire's in the afternoon because we're not open that late.

Baskin Robbins is open until 11.

And how does Baskin Robbins feel about the piercings? Being with food, is that a health thing?

Yeah, like I have to wear like a cap over my eyebrows and over the back of my head.

Yeah, we haven't even mentioned the ones on the eyebrows at this point. We just talked about...

All on the right side.

I thought I did, sorry.

Yeah, all on the right side. Why not the left?

The left side of my head like is...

Oh yeah, the cartilage problem?

Yeah.

What happened? Is that a congenital defect?

Oh, it's not congenital. I don't think like...

Yeah, I may not know what that word means when I say it.

Me either.

You be the judge.

No, like I'm gonna guess that it's about genitals and so it 's not.

But like the side of my head, like when I was born, like this is like a thing that's like, it happens to like one in 200 babies, but like no one talks about it.

When you come out sideways, like so I came out with my head like sweeping against my mom's vagina.

For-gina, yeah.

Vagina.

Right, sure, the technical term.

Yeah, so like, I don't know, like...

Was it sort of like when you're like taking your car out of the garage and you accidentally scrape the side and it's just like...

Yeah, like I'd actually go probably say like that. Like I can't drive, but like, yeah, like you lose, so like there's my head scraped and like my ear like basically didn't grow in fully because of that.

Oh, okay.

So like whatever, like people think it's weird, but it's like what are you gonna do?

Like that's just my life and like my life is so weird and random.

Like I just love my life however I want.

Yeah.

Do you think that's what drove you to piercings?

Probably because like I feel like if I looked at my heart and soul, like I feel like I probably had some like big passion to like, you know, pure stuff and like help people like get their ears pierced , like because they have both ears.

Do you, was there any damage on your mother's vagina from on that side?

No.

Just on you, huh?

No.

Well, gosh, Adam, what's been going on in your life outside of your just existential crises?

Well, just going, just indie movies.

Just, oh, Indiana Jones movies.

Oh God, wouldn't that be something?

You're the new Indiana Jones. Are you breaking some news here?

Whoa, this is crazy.

Yeah, I don't know the internet.

So you're sort of Shia LaBeouf grown up.

Yeah, I'm a pre I'm, I'm playing, we're doing a prequel.

We're doing in between four and five.

Oh, okay.

I'm actually going to be the younger Shia LaBeouf.

Oh, interesting.

Was he Indiana Jones like when he was a baby?

I think it was his son.

Yeah, him and Marion's son.

Yeah.

So that's crazy, man.

How's it, how's it feel to have the whip and wear the hat?

Well, there's going to be a lot of whip work, a lot of whip training.

That's going to be hard.

I have you tried to get like that cigarette out of the girl 's mouth yet?

Like whipping the cigarette?

No, no, I don't.

That's going to be CGI this time around.

Really?

The what?

The cigarette or the whip?

The cigarette, just everything dangerous with the whip.

I don't think, I think, you know, with insurance these days .

Yeah.

People are really scared to like do any stunts.

Yeah.

Obamacare.

Yeah.

It's all Obamacare.

Like my dad's always saying that.

Exactly.

That's the big problem.

Once Obama, I mean, movies are so expensive now because of Obamacare.

Well, like they cheat, like according to my dad, like Obamacare changed the whole world.

Like everything's terrible now.

Yeah.

Is it terrible for you?

Um, for me, like I love my life.

Like I like- And you have health insurance now, so you could actually get that cartilage problem fixed.

I don't want to, cause that's like who I am.

Like I live my life like to the fullest, like all the time.

Yeah.

I'm like a willy, willy, like spontaneous person.

And you had a, oh my gosh, I think I hear some sirens there .

It was almost a plane break.

Maybe they were coming to arrest me.

Wait, what?

I'm just kidding.

Oh, that was a joke?

Yeah.

Okay.

It's pretty good.

Thanks.

A plus.

So, uh, now, this is your first podcast, Adam.

This is my first podcast.

We got- I don't, I'm such a lot, I don't- You're doing great.

I don't understand what podcast is.

You're doing great.

I mean, um, if eventually maybe you'll do a Marc Maron WTF.

I don't know if you know that show, but uh, basically he gets stars of stage and screen and he gets down and dirty and he gets real with them, which is sort of what we're doing.

It's too hard hitting.

I don't know.

Yeah.

How did you come to be on this show?

I mean, uh- Well, I did one of the, uh, aforementioned indie films with Wyatt Cenac.

Wyatt Cenac, friend of the show.

He said, hey, do my, you should do my friend's couch show.

And I said, you know, I'll do whatever.

Just point me in the direction.

I do love that you, you're like, yep, I will.

And then, and you're one of the few people who, when told something like that, has gotten back to me immediately and been like, yep, I'm coming in.

And we scheduled it and you're here.

It's great.

It's very proactive.

Um, well, you use proactive by the way.

Um, I did for a while, but then it made me get all wed.

Yeah.

Well, we'll have the opposite of that.

It's terrible.

Yeah.

That was bad.

So like I stopped using it because like, no, I just use clear and clear.

Yeah.

Clear with soul or like whatever.

Wait, clear and clear.

You said clean and clear, clear with soul.

I'm sorry.

You're you're, I don't want to call it a, uh, uh, speech, I guess defect, but a, uh, Oh no, no, no, no.

It's a speech beauty mark.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Beauty mark.

That's so cool.

I'm like, I'm like, I'm super positive too.

That's really nice.

Like I'm turning red right now.

Like I'm, I'm blushing like, how do you know Adam's work by the way?

Um, like all the OC stuff, like for sure.

Yeah.

Like that's like all my friends for the show.

Yeah.

It's a classic.

Watch every, every episode.

Oh yeah.

Watch it all.

I got a DVD.

Yeah.

What was your favorite Seth moment?

Um, like every time he would like passionately kiss somebody probably was like, how many people did you passionately kiss?

Oh God, I had the same girlfriend on the show the entire time.

So you had like the least soap operatic elements.

We had a sitcom.

We would break up the beginning of every episode and get back together by the end.

Then she's in a wonder woman costume.

Yeah.

So I guess one person, then, you know, like every time that happened, like all my friends were like humping pillows.

When they were humping.

So it was a bunch of your guy friends were humping pillows.

They were getting humped by pillows.

No, we were humping pillows.

Cause like we were so horny about it.

Wait.

So you consider when you have sex, you think that you're the one doing the humping?

I just hum stuff when I need to hump something.

In fairness, both people can kind of both people can hump.

I don't know.

Anyway, like, and anyway, like when I'm horny, like I'm going to hump a pillow, like whatever, like why are you so, why are you so judgmental?

Why don't you just get with one of these five guys that you have on rotation?

It's not rotation.

I just got with them each one time.

That was so long ago too.

And that was like, so young.

How young do you think she was?

I got no indication.

2003 to 2007.

So she's 17 now.

I can't do math, but I'm still.

When she's 11 and 12 years old.

How would, why would you think that first of all?

There were no clues leading you to that.

Were there?

That she was 11 and 12.

Is this just what you're imagining?

No, she's 17.

Correct.

17.

Right.

Did she say she's talking about when the show was on?

Oh, right.

Oh, that's true.

For many, many years.

When the show was on, I were humping pillows, but then I graduated to like humping dudes.

Yeah.

Move your tassel from the right to the left.

Yeah.

If that is indeed the way the direction.

That is how it works.

Yeah.

So tell me about these five guys.

Why just once?

Well, because like, um, they didn't want to do it again.

Cause like I said something weird doing it or something or like something weird happened.

Like, I don't know.

Why is that considered weird?

I mean, like, I feel like doing it, like if I was like, this is like really important to me or like I whisper in the ear, like you're somebody that I will see myself with for a long time.

Like during, during.

Yeah.

Like I always put like doing, cause like that's usually how I feel, but like.

That's kind of hot to me, but I guess high school guys.

Like they all want to play football like every day in our life.

So whatever.

Oh yeah.

Football.

Have you ever tried not saying that?

No, I can't not say it.

And like, I even say it when I masturbate.

So you seem very open and free with not only your sexuality , but discussing your sexuality.

Yeah.

Like I don't really care.

Cause like, I feel like a lot of high school is like really like embarrassed and stuff, but it's like, oh, everyone's doing it. So like, you might as well be like, upfront and like know what you like and whatever.

So yeah.

Yeah.

And you like to express yourself saying that you want to be with that person.

Yeah.

I kind of really do feel that way.

And that gives you sort of a warm, fuzzy feeling.

Yeah.

And that makes me like really excited.

Yeah.

Great.

Cool.

Well, I hope it works out for you with one of these guys.

Yeah, probably won't.

So like whatever.

I'll probably sing it my whole life.

Not one of those guys, but you'll find the right.

Yeah.

Maybe I'll find somebody like a sofa or something.

I don't know.

Like an older man.

Like a sofa.

Yeah.

A lot of surfers out there.

Yeah, I don't know.

Not that many because, you know, like you said, so many are landlocked.

Like, yeah.

A lot in Los Angeles, a lot on the coast.

Yeah, I guess whatever.

The Cinco Coast.

Like, I guess I get the point. Like, whatever.

Do you know any, do you see any of the guys out there?

I imagine, where do you surf by the way?

What's the, are you a Malibu surfer?

What beach do you like?

Well, yeah, I...

Are you like one of those get out of Malibu type of surfers ?

No, no.

I so rarely surf there.

You know, I end up surfing the most still in San Diego when I visit my parents, but otherwise, it's terrible in like Santa Monica, but I can walk there.

So I'll Venice.

What's your address?

So it's 2317.

Okay. 2317.

Okay, great.

I'm Google mapping it and you live in a dumpster.

In a dumpster?

Yeah, I think you...

I have that on Google maps.

You may have given her the wrong address.

No, that's my place.

Okay, I'll go hang out.

So are there any San Diegan surfers?

Is it San Diegan or what is it?

San Diego in San Diegan?

Sandy, are there any San Diegan surfers that you can see Tracy here maybe being with any of the, any of the, she might be there type.

Someone with cartilage in the right ear.

No cartilage in the right ear might be a perfect head.

Yeah.

Literally complete each other.

Yeah.

Just pressing your head to get fantasized about pressing your head together with someone who doesn't like, I'm trying to tell you, like, that's like really disgusting.

I'm actually not attracted to that in a guy.

Like, so I would like a guy to like be physically perfect.

Oh, wow.

So that's so hypocritical.

Well, that's not nice of you to say because I guess I don't feel bad about myself, but now I kind of do a little bit.

Oh, it seems like you just hold everyone else up to unreasonable standards.

Maybe a little bit.

I mean, like, but I feel like I've found a lot of guys who are like really good looking and like would hook up with me.

So like, I feel like why should I like settle for something that's like kind of messed up.

Like, you know what?

Are you happy?

That's a really tough question because like I work really hard and like I don't have a lot of time to do my passions, but like, I guess I'm pretty happy because like I'm pretty like confident like my life is like pretty good.

So yeah, I guess I'm like pretty happy.

Where do you see yourself in five years, in 10 years and in 50 years?

Well, there's a lot of questions at once.

Sure.

Take them one at a time though.

I think in five years I'll be a senior in college at like a really cool, like local college.

Cool local college.

So like community college.

Okay.

And then like in 10 years I'll be 27 and like I'll probably be like a horseback rider for a little time.

Just for six months or so?

Yeah, I'll try it.

And then when I'm 50 or wait in 50 years I'll be 67 and I 'll have four grand babies who are all the light of my life.

What are their names?

Tinkle, Raisin, Greg and Marcus.

Great.

Well, I hope you can exert that kind of control over your sons or daughters in order to name your grandchildren those names.

Yeah, we'll see what happens, but I feel like that's pretty obvious that's probably what's going to happen.

Yeah, it's a pretty good 50 year plan.

Yeah.

What's your 50 years?

Oh wow, 50.

By this point, just to be, if I'm alive that would be so good.

I think through singularity, I think we're all going to get into perfect machine bodies.

Oh yeah, that's awesome, right?

Yeah.

What do you mean?

Oh, I just mean that, you know, we're all going to get into perfect machine bodies.

Our consciousnesses will be transferred into...

We'll live on the internet.

Oh, okay.

Exactly.

You know.

Cool.

Yeah.

Have you seen the surrogates with Bruce Willis?

That's...

No, I haven't seen that.

Basically.

Basically, yeah.

I mean, yeah, we're, Adam and I, that's the one thing we connected with via emails.

We're big surrogate heads.

Oh.

Well, I feel left out, so.

Okay, well you can watch it and come back next time and we can talk about it.

Okay.

It's totally available.

Yeah, totally streaming.

It's on iTunes.

It's everywhere.

I prefer to watch it.

Sometimes I like to watch it on Netflix and then I move over to...

I like to watch it on the computer just because it feels very...

It's like you're in it.

Yeah, yeah.

It's so, yeah.

We'll tell you what, why don't we take a little bit of a break and when we come back, we'll have more Adam Brody, we'll have more Tracy Reardon, and we have another special guest who I'm very anxious to talk to.

All that and more...

I just was doing the intro.

We'll be right back after this with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Welcome back.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're here with Adam Brody, who you know from Mr. and Mrs.

Smith and the O.C.

And what else?

I was in Mr. and Mrs. Smith.

You don't know me from it, but...

We all know you personally from that movie.

Nobody knows me.

How close was that character to you personally?

Oh man.

Are you a spy?

It was basically a documentary.

So little did people know it was your story.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, wow.

I am.

No, I haven't seen that movie.

But...

You haven't even seen it.

What do you mean?

Why wouldn't you see a movie you were in?

Uh, I just...

I'm just there for the moments, you know?

It's like once I do it, then I've got everything I need.

Wow, that's really romantic.

It's a really pure actor.

Yeah, that's just pure.

I love it.

I just pretty much...

I don't want it to cut into my surrogate time.

I'm just watching the surrogates.

Yeah, exactly.

Hopefully one day you'll get to make something at that level.

Yeah.

You know?

Yeah.

You ever think about a remake?

Well, in due time when technology...

Catches up.

You know what I mean?

As of now, it's a perfect film.

So it's like you don't want to mess with the classics.

But do you think...

When do you think it'll be out of date, though?

I can't even imagine it being out of date.

Well...

It's so prescient.

I think when we are sort of all hooked in to the...

Jacked in, I like to call it.

Yeah.

I think then, you know, there'll be a whole different kind of...

I think then.

I think we'll make it...

You know what movie I'm looking forward to?

The technology catching up with life?

Uh, Disclosure with Michael Douglas and Demi Moore.

Oh, gosh.

The sexual harassment movie.

When he goes in that virtual reality just to find a file on the computer?

Man, that was...

Oh, I would love that.

I'm walking around a huge hall just looking for an email, putting on those gloves.

I saw a really cool movie that's from a futuristic...

Oh, yeah?

Like, technology movie Jumping Jack Flash.

Jumping Jack Flash with Whoopi Goldberg?

Yeah.

What?

In what manner?

The phones were really huge.

I feel like that's something that's going to happen in the future.

I think that was set in the past.

That was set in the 80s, I believe.

And you're just watching an old movie that had huge giant phones.

I don't think so.

Phones could get bigger.

I hope so, because I feel like my phone's way too small.

I always want to go losing it.

I'm always losing my phone.

I need a huge phone with a really big antenna, and I feel like that would be so easy.

You could wear it like a purse.

Yeah, with a strap.

Great idea!

Phone strap!

Okay.

I'm a genius.

Yeah, that's mine though.

Because you said it on the podcast.

You just made me swear.

I just said, what the fuck?

Whoa, madam, please.

It's not that kind of a show.

I never swear.

I never really curse, but like, I just...

Yeah.

What would your teacher say if they heard you swearing like that?

They'd probably say like, you're scolded.

That's how they scolded you?

You're scolded.

All right, well, let's get to our next guest.

Adam, you excited for this?

This is...

I don't know yet.

You don't know?

Yeah, I'm a little nervous.

I'm suspense, I guess is the word.

You've been suspense-ed.

You must all have very strong senses of the environments around you if you do feel fear.

Because I do...

I am here today to take you all on a journey that you may not be prepared for, Scott Alkerman.

Oh my goodness, this is exciting.

Well, let me say your name because I don't know anything about you other than...

You seem to be a very interesting woman.

Please welcome Shelby Orangina.

Yes, my name is Shelby Orangina.

I speak to spirits from beyond the grave.

Oh, okay, so you're some sort of a medium.

Yes, yes, that is correct.

Did your family create Orangina drink?

Usually people have forgotten about it, but yes, they have.

Oh, I love Orangina.

Wait, they've forgotten about the drink or the...

Yes, for a long time it was the most popular carbonated citrus beverage on the market, but my brother Leon Orangina created it and he was not able to sell it under the pronunciation of our last name, but instead we were forced to sell as Orangina, but that is where my family has got most of its wealth.

Oh, I call it Orangina when I buy it.

A lot of people do because of the fact that it rhymes with the word vagina.

Well, that's...

You have a very strong light in you, young one.

You're very smart for knowing that.

Congratulations.

Well, but you went your own way.

You decided not to be in the drink business.

No, I tried to be in the drink business.

I came up with a carbonated grape drink, but no one was interested in that.

What was that called?

It was called Grapegina.

Grapegina.

Yeah. I tried to just still have part of our last name involved, but it didn't really make sense.

Yeah, it seems like the Orangina thing was... It was a real natural thing.

It was serendipitous, yes, because of our last name and also because it was a citrus-based carbonated beverage.

Yeah. But there are grape sodas out there in the world.

What was so different from yours?

This was not a soda, just as Orangina is not a soda. This was just basically...

I would squish grapes into a glass.

Yourself?

Okay.

And then I would carbonate it, and it was not pleasant to drink.

Okay.

That's your problem right there.

Yeah.

Yeah. Most people, when they drink something, we want sort of a pleasant taste or a pleasant aftertaste.

I feel like a lot of times I want that, but sometimes I like something that tastes gross.

Oh, really? Like what?

Like if I have to drink Pepto Bismol or something.

Wait. Are you drinking Pepto Bismol for fun?

Well, I get stomachaches every day.

Every day?

Yeah.

Some people would say Pepto Bismol tastes good.

I think it tastes gross, but I drink it.

Yeah. You're...

Why do you drink it? Because...

Because I get stomachaches every...

And why are you having stomachaches every day, dear?

Because I eat ice cream for dinner every day.

Oh, okay. Yeah. What if you didn't eat the ice cream?

Well, that's impossible.

Okay. Good. All right. Well, Shelby, what is it exactly you 're here to do?

I'm here today, Scott Alkman, if you're strong enough to take you on a journey to another spiritual realm, because what I do in my job is I help the dead move on.

Okay.

And then also, in a sense, I help those who have died to move on.

Okay. So you... Wait, did you just say you helped...

Yeah. I help those that have passed to move on.

And also those who have passed on.

And also those who are no longer with us on this spiritual realm to move on to what comes next.

And then in terms of Scott, in terms of Scott, he's a member of the living.

And why do I need to be brave?

You need to be brave because we're going on a journey. We 're going to encounter...

And where are we all going? What are we doing?

Well, I can only do it one at a time.

Oh, okay. All right.

But let's go on a journey right now, Scott. Is there someone that you've lost in your life that you want to talk to, see if they need help moving on?

Help moving on. I guess, yeah, I would say my grandmother, sure.

I see your grandmother, Scott.

You do.

She looks very calm, Scott. She looks very happy.

Great.

And she misses you, Scott.

Oh, I miss her.

But there's a terrible presence near her.

Oh, really?

Yes.

Much darker than your grandmother.

Big. Bigger than your grandmother.

He's nervous, Scott. This presence doesn't know how to deal with his feelings.

It's not my grandfather.

And he's not alone, Scott.

He's not alone?

There are three other presences nearby.

Near my grandmother.

And they're so angry. Yes, they're playing angry music, Scott. Angry...

Angry music?

Rock and roll music that's dirty.

Dirty, almost grungy sounding music.

What?

Very different from the music that preceded it on rock radio, Scott.

Grunge music? What?

Yes. A blonde, a young blonde presence playing guitar.

And a Dave Grohl-esque presence on drums.

Wait, so a blonde?

Yes. And a taller man, I believe his name was Chris Novose lic on bass.

It's Nirvana, Scott.

It's the band Nirvana.

And there's a terrible presence. He's back, Scott. I can see who it is. It's Charles Barkley.

Scott, your grandmother wants to know if you remember when Charles Barkley hosted Saturday Night Live and Nirvana was the musical guest.

We did it, Scott.

Wait.

This studio has been cleaned.

Hold.

We didn't give her an answer.

That's all that your grandmother wanted you to know.

But wait.

She wanted you to remember.

She wanted me to know if I remembered when Charles Barkley hosted Saturday Night Live and Nirvana.

I'm happy Nirvana was the musical guest. Scott, do you remember that?

Your grandmother's waiting.

Wait, now she's waiting? I thought she just wanted me to know that.

Well, the studio has been cleaned, so maybe that was the extent of the...

It's very interesting.

That was crazy.

That was really... So she was in heaven? Or where... What is... No, she's in purgatory.

Scott, when you encounter a spirit in another spiritual realm, it's not like sitting here with you in the studio and I can see you and I can see you have slacks on in the shirt.

Thank you.

I can see this young woman has a mangled ear. It's not like that. I only get to see bits and pieces.

Oh, okay. I see. Okay, that explains it. So she was somewhere else, and she was watching this episode or they...

She wanted to know if you remembered when Charles Barkley hosted Saturday Night Live.

Now, I can understand if...

In 1993, and Nirvana was a musical guest.

I can understand if Kurt Cobain was around her because he is passed on.

I do find it a little odd that you know the other names of the other members of Nirvana and yet cannot remember his.

In fact, I don't know what Nirvana is, but the spirit was giving me this information.

Okay, so my grandmother maybe knew the other members but didn't know him.

But I can understand him being there, but the other people are all alive. Charles Barkley and...

I can see your grandmother watching. She was watching this old episode of Saturday Night Live on TV.

Okay, so they have TV wherever she is?

I don't have all the answers, Scott. I just have more than you do.

Okay, and maybe it was on Hulu because I don't think that those old episodes are being rerun.

I can go back to your grandmother and try and find out...

Has she moved on though?

Yes.

I don't want to pull her back necessarily, but I would like the answer of whether this was on Hulu or not.

Let me go see if I can get it.

Okay, thank you.

Okay, I don't see your grandmother, but I see your grandfather now, Scott.

Oh good, okay.

He's doing well. Very calm. Very happy.

He's surrounded by his friends, and they've all gathered at a place that they gather at quite frequently. It's a place where they feel safe and they feel happy.

Heaven, I would imagine, or I hope. I mean, I hope he's moved on.

Sort of like heaven. It's a familiar place. Everybody knows everybody else's name, and they feel comfortable and happy. They've been spending about 10 to 11 years in this place.

10 to 11 years.

We're going to cheers.

You are very strong. There is a strong light in you, Adam B oda. I can see it in you.

Your grandfather is in the center of this bar, and he's surrounded by his friends, but he's sad because he's about to let them go.

So he's watching...

He's not ready to let, but one of them, there's another terrible presence who's not ready to let go. He's a bearded man, very smart, air you diet.

So Frasier, he's getting a spin off.

He's not going to let go.

My grandfather is watching the final episode of Cheers.

Your grandfather wants to let you know he's watching the finale of Cheers.

He just wants me to know that, and now he's moved on.

The studio used to be dirty, but now it's cleaned again.

It was clean, and then it got dirty, and now it's clean.

I have a question. Is it... And I don't know if you can say this, if you're at liberty, but is this a heaven thing? Is this a hell thing? Or is that irrelevant?

It's another realm where spirits are looking for an opportunity to move on.

And yet it's in the studio because you say the studio is cleaned.

You mean this studio.

This studio, because you carry the baggage of the spirits of your loved ones with you.

I see, even though they're in another place.

Even though they're in another place.

So in order to move on, they just wanted Scott to know what they were watching.

His grandmother just wanted to know if he remembered.

Okay, right.

His grandfather wanted him to know that he was watching a V HS copy of the finale.

A VHS! Okay.

Do you want to take either of these two through something?

Either of you like to go? Or are either of you... Do you have the strength?

I have a strength because I have something I really want to ask you about.

Okay.

Somebody who passed on.

Yes, please let me know.

It was my dog that I had since I was little.

Your dog.

Yeah.

Okay. I can see your dog. I found your dog.

You did?

How did you find her dog? She didn't even give you the name ?

It's a connection, Scott, that look, I've been doing this for... I'm 97 years old and a lot of people don't understand what I do.

You look really young.

I can see your dog right now. Your dog is sad. Your dog is afraid that you don't remember his name.

No, I do.

Do you remember your dog's name?

Yeah.

What's your dog's name?

Randall.

Your dog is also worried that... Did you love your dog, Randall?

Yeah.

I loved him very much.

Yeah, I really loved him like so much. Like I had him since I was five.

If you saw him again, would you feel the same way about your dog, Randall?

Yeah, I really would.

Yo, so you remember his name?

Yeah.

And you also feel the same way about Randall?

Yeah.

That's true. Yes. He wants you to know something. He has a message for you, Tracy. Hold my hand, Tracy. He wants you to be strong. He wants you to carry on, but he wants you to know that you do not belong there in heaven with him.

So he...

Wait a minute. This is sounding like lyrics to me? What is this?

He's got another question.

Is it Eric Clapton?

Wait a minute. I'm getting a clearer picture now. Your dog Randall's listening to Eric Clapton's Unplugged, the song, Tears in Heaven on Sony Walkman.

Does he want her to remember that?

Oh my gosh.

Shelby.

He was listening to music?

God, I don't know if your mother-in-law has any plans on dropping by the studio here, but don't need to stress out because the studio is clean.

No need for you to stress out.

That's a good catch phrase. Gosh.

Wait, like my dog was listening to a CD or...

Your dog was listening to a Sony Walkman and he was listening to Eric Clapton on cassette.

Eric Clapton's Unplugged.

Did he have it on his ears? That's so cute.

It sounds like everyone is very, and this plane is very stuck in the early 90s.

Yeah. Pop culture from...

People, when your spirit moves from this realm to another realm, Adam Brodeur, you go back to the things that made you happiest in life.

Sometimes you go back to things that you're not quite finished with.

My grandmother passed away before that episode of SNL played, by the way.

So she's just catching up with it maybe?

She has ever since they released all of the entire SNL archives.

A lot of people in the spiritual realm have been slowly catching up.

Starting in 1975, watching every episode, remembering things that they scantily remembered about SNL, how heavily involved the M uppets were in season one.

Sure, yeah.

Interesting. Gosh. Well, do you have anything for Adam here ?

I don't know if Adam is strong enough.

Are you strong enough, Adam? What do you think?

Adam does not believe.

I, well, I'll tell you, I believe, and that's what makes me feel weak.

Trepidatious.

Yeah. But I would like to go on the journey.

Adam Brodeur, I would like to take you on this journey if you're prepared, but I need to know that you are 100% ready to do this. I need to know who you want to go talk to.

Okay. I'd like to...Roy Scheider.

Roy Scheider, the film actor.

Yeah, from All That Jazz.

Yeah, All That Jazz.

I think of him from Jaws.

Well, that's what most Brody, and then that's how we...

Oh, yeah.

That's my link.

What was it? Sergeant Brody, Officer Brody? What was it?

I don't remember.

Yeah.

Was he in All That Jaws?

That would have been a great crossover film.

Oh, I thought I heard of that.

All That Jaws. That would have been amazing. He's dancing around. He gets eaten by a shark.

That was the second title for Jaws 2 was All That Jaws.

So, Scheides, is he...

Yeah, I'd like to know.

If you're ready, but I need to know one...I need you to answer one question for me first, Adam Brody.

Yes, sir. Yes, sir.

Are you strong enough?

I'll take that as a yes.

Thank you. I was going to say, I can't...how could I be sure?

Let's go get your Roy Scheider, Adam Brody.

Thank you.

He's well enough.

I'm committed. I'm ready to face a conflict.

I see Roy Scheider.

I hope you don't need a bigger boat when you're there.

I see Roy Scheider. I see Roy Scheider. He's in a good place, Adam Brody. He's felt connected. He's watched over you over your entire career.

Oh, my gosh.

The OC, Mr. and Mrs. Smith.

Other projects?

The other projects you have been involved with. The project that you just did with Wyatt Senaki was there, and he's in a good place. You don't need to worry about him right now.

He's baking. He's baking a cake for all of his loved ones, and he's taking the cake out of the oven. And oh, dear, for some reason, Roy Scheider's dressed up like an old woman.

And oh, no, his bosoms have caught on fire. Roy Scheider's prosthetic bosoms that he's waiting to be...

He's doing closer to hellfire.

Wait a minute. No, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Now I sense a terrible presence.

I sense a very terrible presence.

Is it Pierce Brosnan?

No, it's a skeleton. It's a skeleton, man. He's a spindly skeleton man, and his name, in fact, is Jack Skellington.

Jack's from the Nightmare Before Christmas?

And oh, Roy Scheider was watching Mrs. Dalfie and changing channel, put on Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas.

So he wasn't, in fact, baking. That was...

No, he was watching that on TV, yeah.

I think this might be some sort of rerun...

You could just eat an egg off of the studio right now.

Because it's clean.

Because it's breakfast.

Yeah.

I have a question about some kind of spiel that might not be easy to reach.

Okay.

It was a character in a film that died.

Oh, right.

Um, the girl, like...

I think Cake Boss, if he's taught us anything, that you can contact fictional characters as long as they've died.

I think it's interesting that even... Well, no, nothing. Go ahead.

Well, okay.

I would love to hear your skepticism, Adam Brody, because it's not the first time I've been down with this skepticism.

Not only about this psychic stuff, but about Grape-Gina.

About Grape-Gina, I'm relieved. And a lot of the skeptics were right.

Sometimes I need to hear, because I wish I had heard more criticism before I'd put quite so much of my family's on-gina fortune into Grape-Gina.

How much did you put in?

I put about 95%.

Wow.

Into that one glass that you made?

Into the one glass, yes.

A lot of technology of how to carbonate the beverage.

I got the finest grapes from, you know, faraway lands.

From faraway lands?

Mm-hmm.

That you can't even think of, or you can't even name.

No, I can name them right now.

Oh, okay.

Mesopotamia.

I went in a time machine to ancient Mesopotamia to get grapes.

That's why it cost so much money.

The time machine to get...

Yeah, that's a shame it wasn't even good.

It might have been because you used old grapes.

Have you ever thought about that?

I feel like Adam Brody is challenging an old woman in a way .

No, no, no, no, no.

That was a legitimate question.

97-year-old woman.

That was a legitimate question.

Gosh, did you age two?

Have you been using the time machine while you're here?

I did briefly use it.

And you spent two years away from this podcast and then came back?

Yes, I used it very briefly because I...

Briefly to us, but two years to you.

Usually I don't go on so many spiritual journeys in one podcast and I felt I needed to go relax.

Really?

So you took a break for two years.

Okay, interesting.

All right, so now are you going to take Adam on this journey?

No, wait, what are we talking about right now?

I was going to ask about a character in a film.

Oh, what a fictional.

My mind stinks in a plane when the two people hooking up in the bathroom and then that snake bit that girl on the boob and then the guy was bitten on his penis.

Which of those two would you like to talk to?

The girl.

You want to talk to the girl who got bit from snakes on the plane?

You want to talk to the girl who got bit on her breast from snakes on the plane?

I have found the girl who got bit on her breast from the movie Snakes on a Plane.

She's doing well, Trace.

Oh, good.

She's very calm. She's surrounded by friends.

Does she regret getting on that plane full of snakes?

She does. She considers it one of the biggest mistakes of her life.

Probably the biggest. It is what ended it.

Wait a minute. She's got a question for you, Tracy. She says, do you remember when, do you remember when Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman came on TV?

No, I don't.

Really? Just do you remember that?

I don't remember that.

That was an hour-long drama on CBS.

Starring Jane Seymour?

Yeah, I don't know if I was really watching that kind of show when I was like...

Huh.

That was the question that she had for you.

Well, has she been able to move on even though the answer is no?

I'm crying.

She's gone. I cannot get back in touch with her.

But you're having an emotional experience.

I know. At first I was like, of course I didn't see that show. I don't care about that show. But then I thought, I'm just like amazed at your ability. You're a really passionate person and I really admire that.

This is really cool.

Yeah. I agree. I agree. This has been not only instructive, but moving segment here on the show.

It's been really impressive. I feel like you're an amazing person.

Well, as I said, when I came in here, I do one thing well.

I help the dead to move on.

And then sometimes I help those who have died to also go to the next thing that they're going to do in terms of their existence.

Are they all going to watch more TV?

Yeah. When they move on, do they get to watch more TV?

Because that would be a nice happy ending.

That's what I mean.

I don't have those sorts of powers of spiritual inspiration .

Yeah. You're only on the next plane.

I can only get them to that level.

Well, when you die, do you get to watch whatever you want?

It depends on... I wrote a song once.

I'd love to hear that.

About dying.

I'd love to hear you sing it a cappella.

Sounds really good.

The key part of the song I wanted to quote here is...

Don't quote it. Sing it.

The love that you make is equal to the love that you take.

Well, I'm having a really hard time picturing this song if I don't know how the tune goes.

Wait, you are 97 years old. You may have written this song and you own a time machine.

So you may have written this song.

What are you trying to say? That was plagiarism?

No, I'm pretty sure that Paul McCartney has the actual official songwriting credit on that, but I don't know.

Colonel Parker co-wrote Elvis's song supposedly and he didn 't write it.

Paul McCartney from The Wall?

You don't know who the Beatles are and yet you wrote one of their songs?

Wings.

I've spent so much time on the spiritual realm and they're not always paying attention to the same pop culture things that we are on the earthly realm.

Have they heard of Small Wonder?

I mean, I could go to the spiritual realm.

Let's not go to the spiritual realm. Why don't we take one more break?

We'll be right back here with Adam Brody, Tracey Reardon, and Shelby Orangina.

Oh my god, this show is a mouthful. We'll be right back after this.

Welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang. We're here with Adam Bro dy.

What do you think of this, your first podcast? Is this what you thought a podcast would be?

It's better. It succeeded. I expected my podcast expectations.

And yeah, I'm just happy to be involved in comedy in any way.

Are you a comedy fan?

I'm a comedy fan who isn't, but I'm no aficionado.

It's a fine line between fan and aficionado, and you like to straddle it.

Yeah, I flirted with being an aficionado, but quite honestly, I don't have the chops.

So the breadth of knowledge.

Yeah. So I...

Well, welcome to the world of comedy. You're doing great on your first podcast.

Thanks.

Yeah, I love it. And then of course, we have Tracey Reardon here, who this is your first podcast, I would imagine.

Yeah, like I listened to a bunch of podcasts before.

Which ones do you listen to?

Most of like, you don't call me honey because like it makes me feel weird.

I called you hun, not honey.

Okay, you can call me hun.

Okay, hun.

Okay.

Which ones do you listen to?

I listen to podcasts that my job requires.

Like Claire's and Best Comments both have podcasts that talk about the new products.

The new scoops?

And overview what goes there and stuff.

I've never been on either one of them, but I listen to them because I need to know everything that everyone knows.

And I also listen to a Nickelodeon podcast.

Oh, which one?

Hun?

It's about Gak.

Gak. Is that a Nickelodeon thing?

It's slime.

Is that the technical term for the slime?

The green slime?

Not the old-fashioned...

Yeah.

Slime's still around.

No, they use it in different ways, but it's a podcast about what it's like to be slimed, who's been slimed, different celebrities who have been slim ed, different regular people who have been slimed on game shows .

You know the first celebrity who was ever slimed was Slimer from Ghostbusters.

Well, he is slime.

No, he's not.

He actually looks a lot like a golf ball underneath all that.

What?

Yeah.

But then he was slimed.

Is that true?

That's very true.

It is true.

Yes, Shelby knows.

I've encountered Slimer multiple times.

Well, he's a ghost.

He's never moved on?

He is a ghost.

He's too busy flying around being crazy, eating food he's not supposed to be eating.

Such as hot dogs?

Such as the...

Remember when he had toothpaste gum?

Yes, of course I do.

Oh, I do too.

Yeah, boy.

Well...

Good old days.

All right, well, we have one of our favorite segments here on the show, and it's a little something that we call Would You Rather?

Cool.

Would You Rather is a cool name for a game.

Oh, yeah.

Here we go.

Here's the theme song.

And it's time to play Would You Rather?

We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather? scenarios to our Twitter, which is at cbbwyr, comedy bang bang, would you rather.

Please don't send them to me personally.

Just clutters up my feed, and all I do is I put them on the Would You Rather? pile, which as we all know by now, is not the pile from which I take Would You Rather? scenarios.

It's actually the discard pile.

So it's not like a wood pile where you would take wood and use it on your fire place, but it's more like a refuse pile.

So please don't send them to me because they get put on the Would You Rather? pile.

But if you send them to cbbwyr, they get put into the Would You Rather? ditch, and we cull them from that.

I will read it out loud, and then I will open the floor for questions.

Very important.

Do not ask questions before I open the floor for questions.

That would be a classic Would You Rather? blunder.

I will open the floor for questions.

You are free to ask me any question about either of the scenarios you like in order to help narrow down your choice.

Okay, there's a lot of information that is not said in the actual question.

I have it all up here, and a lot of details that you can ask about.

And at a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

No more questions can be asked after that.

Then I will ask you all to vote.

We will tally up the points, and we will assign a winner, and it's that easy.

All right, so here we go.

This comes to us from Will Eisenberg.

Will, aka, at Dark Aardvark, he asks, Would you rather run a chain of farmyard-themed barbecue restaurants or live as a minor character in a cop drama?

Okay, would you rather run a chain of farmyard-themed barbecue restaurants or live as a minor character in a cop drama?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

I tried to trick you.

Didn't take the bait.

Nope, you did not.

You're a savvy player already.

Yeah, this is my first would you rather.

Okay.

My first question is...

Yes, sir.

Adam Brody in early.

That is how you play the game.

I love you edged out these two to get the first question.

I just want to get to the bottom of the live as a minor character in a cop.

Yeah, it means you're not an actor.

That means somehow you live as a fictitious character.

What happens, let's say, when the show is not on in that one hour of NYPD Blue?

What, you know, that's my question.

Actually, you live in a parallel universe.

You just live in that world.

You live in that world and you are the character who comes in and says, Hey, DNA results are back.

But then you don't just like pass out and wake up when you say it again next week.

You go home and brush your teeth and you have like a wife and what have you.

You brush your teeth eight times a day because you have a compulsion about it.

And you do have a wife.

And actually you have three.

That's what I mean.

What happens the off camera time?

Yes, you have three wives because you're a Mormon.

And but, but, but.

Yes.

So then specifically we're saying not I mean, yes, I want the parameters.

I want I want the details of his life.

But the point is there's a life outside.

There is a life.

Yes, of course.

Yes, there is.

Yes.

That's my major question.

I'm interested in the fact that you want no more details about the three wives or the.

I want to get there, but my bigger question was, was do I just live for those quick, brief moments of evidence exchange?

You do fainter or do I get to go and you do feel somewhat more alive when you're giving those moments that are filmed for the TV show and you wonder why people don't pay more attention to you and you wish that people sort of viewed you as a major character in at work.

So I'm aware of you mean just my coworkers or you mean I'm aware of some audience.

No, you just from your coworkers somehow in the in the back of your brain, you just sort of feel this tickle every time that you are at work.

Like, why aren't people paying more attention to me?

I just feel I should hit this mark.

I don't know why, but I should open to camera, but there's no camera, but I think there's no camera, but you sort of want to open it.

Yeah.

And you don't know what to do with your hands the whole time.

You've thought about putting them high up in the air like you're doing the wave.

I played safe from on the hips.

Right.

Right on hips.

Yeah.

What's the first one?

Great question.

The first one is, would you rather run a chain of Farmyard themed barbecue restaurants?

Um, oh, you have a follow up.

Yeah.

Um, about the second one.

Um, like, are you really sad then?

Like, is it sound like you just described like a really sad person with like OCD?

You like you're like not happy with your life.

Like you have three wives.

Well, I'm a man.

You're um, you're a man in this scenario.

Well, then I want I already know my answer.

Okay.

Well, don't vote yet, but I'm interested to see if you want the penis or you don't want the penis.

Yeah, me too.

Scott Alkam and I have a question about the first scenario.

The Farmyard themed barbecue restaurants.

Yes.

Is this Farmyard actually outdoors or is it indoors and you are creating a simulation of being outdoors?

Great question.

It is indoors and there are murals to give the effect that you are outdoors with sky blue and clouds.

And there's a lot of hay in the restaurants, which is actually a health code violation, which has dropped you down to a C actually.

Oh, that's very tough on our business.

I would have to think because I even get leery of any place that I had see half as a B.

You don't like a B.

Yes.

That's almost impossible not to be 98 years old.

You're 98 now.

Did you just use the time machine again?

During the break I did go use the time machine because I realized that I miss my grandchildren.

What happens to us in the future?

I did not pay attention to any of you people when I went to do my own thing.

Oh, okay.

Wait, and he was in the past, I believe.

Did you go to the...

I thought he turned 98.

Oh, wait.

Yeah, but he just spent a year in the past.

I went to spend a year in the past with my grandchildren.

We went back to 1993.

I took them to see the movie Cool Runnings.

That's a really good movie.

All right.

Any other questions here?

There's so much more information that we're not getting to.

Yeah.

Of course, Tracy.

What kind of food do we serve?

Do we always have barbecue food or is it all organic from a farm?

You know what I mean?

There's different types of ways to go with a farm or a store.

That is a good question because it is farmyard themed and yet it is a barbecue restaurant.

So it's a combination of both.

So we love the farm, but then we eat the cows.

Yes.

Basically what it is is you have the actual animals there in the restaurant in pens.

Oh, that's not gonna work.

And then you kill the animals.

I mean, that's gotta be a health code violation.

That's why we have the C, probably.

Well, no, it's in the back though, but it's with glass walls so everyone can see you doing it.

It's like Krispy Kreme.

Like a lobster tank, but with cows.

Exactly.

Krispy Kreme donuts?

Well, you know how they make the donuts, but it's clear and you can see them actually making...

Time to make the donuts.

Yeah, time to make the donuts.

So it's a lot like a lobster.

Yeah, that's not a health code violation to kill a lobster, right?

No, but I just think people feel more empathy with cows.

So it's gonna be...

Yeah, because cows have sad eyes.

I think maybe sadistic clientele.

I don't know.

But a rabid clientele nonetheless.

Yeah.

Why do you think cows are more sympathetic?

The eyes?

They have really sad eyes.

Mammals.

I think it's that...

The bell?

They give milk from their teeth just like we do Scott Alt man.

Oh, there you go.

And that is our connection that we have with cows.

But a lot of animals do that.

And men don't do that.

I think the exoskeleton is what throws off.

What kind of Pops do we serve at the Westmoren?

Pops?

What kind of Pops?

Yeah, what kind of Pops?

You have a deal with Pepsi.

So it's Pepsi.

Oh, that kind of Pops.

Soda Pop.

You have Pepsi.

Sierra Mist.

Is it Sprite?

He really wants Sierra Mist, it seems like.

Isn't that a Pepsi product?

Sierra Mist.

I think it's...

I think it's Pepsi.

I think Sprite is Coca Cola.

Sprite is Coca Cola.

Okay, so it's Pepsi, Sierra Mist.

Do we get any say?

I mean, is this just completely pre-ordained or can we have a little influence on our own theme?

You've made these choices is what I'm saying.

I'm just giving you the information.

Okay, so there's no more choices to be made.

Do.

Everything's set in stone.

The menu is what it is.

Exactly.

It's like predestination in a way.

You've made your choices, just God knows what they all are.

I have a question about the second scenario.

Of course you do.

In this cop drama, how many years has the cop drama been running?

It's like Law and Order where it's been running for 20 some odd years and just will continue on until after everyone is gone.

After every...

Oh, okay.

After every human is gone.

Yeah.

Basically what happens is there is a nuclear war and the people who are filming one episode of Law and Order, they were safe because they were doing it in a lead line studio and they keep making the episodes because you have to do something.

So to be clear, the cop drama in that scenario, you're immortal.

You are immortal, yes.

You never die.

It is a parallel universe, yet in our universe there is a nuclear war and these people are safe and they keep making the episodes.

This parallel universe, you're going to go on forever.

So that really adds a new twist.

So immortality sounds great, but does the show have a deal with Coke or Pepsi?

The show has a deal with Coke for all the craft service.

There's no C.R.M.S. on set.

Yeah.

Does that change how you're in a boat?

It's just interesting.

In fairness, there is no craft service for you, the character.

No, but for some reason you're always...

There's the coffee room in the cop, you know, there's the bullpen.

I don't know where you call it.

Sure.

Where the desk sergeant is and everything.

And you can go to the store, so you can pretty much get whatever you want.

And yet whenever you go to the store in this, you're always drawn to the Coke products.

But you wish you had a Pepsi product.

Yes.

But you can't fight it.

You far prefer Pepsi and C.R.M.S.

This seems like a huge struggle.

Yeah, it's a huge compulsion for you, but that's part of your OCD as well.

I hate my OCD.

Oh, you have OCD?

No, in this realm.

Oh, in this scenario, right.

You already have such a strong feeling about it.

My goodness.

All right.

Any other questions here to help narrow down your chores?

Do you have strong feelings one way or the other?

What color scheme is the last one?

Good question.

Well, the mural, of course, is sky blue and green.

Yeah, but the chairs and stuff.

The chairs.

Is it like the art?

You know when they have restaurants where it's like a trailer or something?

So you're sitting on trailer pieces and stuff?

Okay, yeah.

The color scheme is...

Trailer pieces?

Like car seats and stuff?

Color scheme is...

Oh, like a...

Yeah, like the Corvette Diner.

Yeah.

So basically any place that Guy Fieri would go to.

Is that what you're saying?

I love guys with bleach blonde hair.

Guy Fieri sort of looks like a surfer who has never done any kind of exercise in his life.

Yeah, he's overweight.

So what is the color scheme or just what do the...

What does the furniture look like?

What's the color scheme of the furniture?

Chartreuse and violet.

Okay, and what is it made of?

It's made of vinyl.

Okay, great.

Very important.

All right.

Any other questions?

You guys have strong feelings?

You guys know where you're going to vote before I close down the floor?

Definitely.

Okay.

Tracy's locked in.

Shelby, are you locked in?

I believe I'm ready to go on this journey of giving an answer to you, Scott.

I just have to ask one question.

Are you afraid to do so?

Do you have fear, but I know that my fear is what actually makes me unafraid.

Great answer.

I have a question for you, Shelby, and this is in all sincerity.

The floor's still open.

Is this something that you have to consult...

You consult the spirit world for or do you just go with your instincts?

I'm going to be straight with you, Adam Brody.

I was given the correct answer by a spirit almost as soon as we started.

Okay.

And then I humored all of your...

Which spirit, may I ask?

What spirit?

Yes.

It was the spirit of the person who stabbed Monica Seles that one time in the US Open.

Oh my goodness.

You remember when that happened, Scott?

You seem really into pop culture.

She...

And you...

But I did know...

Interesting person to take advice from.

Yeah, and why are you cheating?

I don't ask.

I didn't know there was a right answer.

She just pulled me right up into the spiritual realm.

She says, Shelby, I'm going to tell you the right answer and you're going to take it or I'm going to stab you just like I stabbed you.

Oh my goodness.

Monica Seles.

I guess it's not like cheating because it's like seeing a spoiler on the internet.

You don't even want to.

But like, I thought this was a game of preference.

There's no way...

I'm telling you points as we're doing it.

Oh, and there's a right answer.

Well, you're accruing points as we do it.

Oh, oh my God.

With the way you're asking questions, of any questions you ask.

I'm sorry.

Oh, really?

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

These are points I've already been added.

Oh yeah.

Oh, this is crazy.

I'm not giving away who's ahead at this point.

Okay, okay, okay, okay, I'm freaking out.

Okay, please don't freak out.

All right, I'm just about to close the floor for questions.

Here we go.

And the floor is closed.

All right, it's time to vote.

Adam, how would you like to vote on this scenario?

I'm going to go with the immortal, let's call him a lab technician on a cop show.

Lab technician, yeah.

Versus owning what sounds more and more like a slaughter house themed restaurant.

I mean, it's farmyard themed and, you know, slaughtering animals is part and parcel of...

You know, we're gonna have animals to the food, just make a short, you know, 10, 15 feet away from each other.

Even though you are immortal and a time lord in that scenario.

I know you didn't ask about it.

A time lord?

You're a time lord as well, yeah.

Meaning I can...

You can cross barriers of time, much like Shelby does.

Sounds even better, I'm totally not.

Well, that's in the farmyard.

Oh, wait, what?

You didn't ask the question.

Wait, you're a time lord in the farmyard.

Yes, you're a time lord and immortal in the farmyard themed barbecue restaurant.

Well, can I just kind of... okay, then, okay.

So sorry.

There's questions still open then.

I mean, no, I'm so sorry that I clearly closed the floor for questions and you clearly voted on an answer that is incorrect, but all right.

Question of the time lord, but okay, it's fine.

All right, so that is going to factor into the point.

I feel like I'm making a more humane choice.

You know, I eat meat, so what's the difference?

But what I would have asked, and you can't answer it.

Oh, sure, this is just hypothetical.

Is how much managerial responsibility do you have?

Hypothetically, I would have told you that you make the schedule, but it's sort of up to your employees to, you know, make any changes to the schedule.

Like if someone wants a day off, it's up to them to cover their own shifts.

Could I be a time lord, say six days a week and pop in one day a week to just...

Hypothetically, I would have told you that yes, that's exactly what would have happened.

I might have changed my answer, but we'll never know.

We'll never know.

All right.

So Tracy, how do you like to vote?

I'm going to want to own a restaurant.

You, and why is that?

Well, even before you said a lot of stuff, I thought it felt like a really good like passion to have, like, like just like, you know, having customers, like something I'm familiar with and like...

You love retail and you love the food industry.

Yeah, and I don't want to be a man and I don't want to have three wives, so...

Okay, and why don't you want to be a man?

I'm really happy being a girl.

Yeah, you're happy with, uh, what do you love most about being a girl?

Um, I guess like femininity.

Yeah, that's a great answer.

All right, Shelby, how do you like to vote here?

I'm going to choose to be the minor character in the cop dramas, God help me.

You don't say.

Why is that?

Because once the nuclear holocaust happens, I will have so many new friends to speak to in the spiritual realm.

I'll just have, I won't even be that sad about my lack of Coke products in my life or Pepsi or whichever one it was.

Whichever one it was, yeah.

I believe it was the lack of Pepsi.

You'll have Coke, yeah.

I have a lack of Pepsi products.

Lack of Sierra Mist, yeah.

So, and they'll all be watching TV, so you won't have to watch that much TV because they can fill you on on what's happening.

Sounds like a beautiful place.

Wow.

All right.

Well, let me tally up the points here.

Uh, Adam, you, uh, we all know that Shelby was given the right answer, so you.

Right.

But, but unfortunately it's the right answer for her.

Oh, every, um, there is a right answer.

Hang on, is there a, I am, as you said, a movie star.

Sure.

I don't know if that, I.

You do get a bump from that.

Yeah.

So you get the movie star bump, which gives you a plus five .

Okay.

Solid bump.

Yeah.

Solid bump.

You, you voted incorrectly, which gives you negative 387, 412, which means you're at, uh, you're at negative 387, four, uh, 407.

I voted incorrectly for me.

Yeah.

For you.

So, uh, but that's, you know, we've seen people come back from, uh, you know, more staggering deficits.

Stay strong as the scores are tallied up, Adam Brody.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'll sit tight.

All right, Tracy, how do you, uh, let's, oh, that's right.

We, uh, we already asked you.

Yeah.

I voted for the farm.

You voted for the farm, which unfortunately is incorrect for you because you would be far more happier as a man.

I don't believe it.

I'm so sorry.

So I feel like you're playing God.

This is going to give me a huge complex.

Yeah.

So I'm sorry.

That was negative 387,412.

Whoa.

So, uh, Tracy, you are behind.

Yeah, you're losing.

Adam, that movie star bump really helped you.

This is, yeah, I'm now I'm in the middle.

I'm, I'm yeah.

Well, I mean, uh, if we all assume that we're starting at zero, uh, Shelby, Shelby, uh, you, you voted correctly for you because that spirit gave you the right answer.

Um, unfortunately, because you are yourself a time Lord, uh , it's just a lateral move for you.

Um, although it is the correct answer because you get a time Lord negative, you started at negative 387,412 and not at zero.

Like these other guys did.

You voted correctly, but a voting correctly only gives you one point.

So you are at negative 387,411, which means our winner is Adam Brody.

Wow.

Oh man.

Congratulations.

Wow.

Well, congratulations.

You become a movie star and you never know when it's going to pay off.

That bump really.

And you just keep hoping.

Yeah.

Well, you deserve it.

Yeah.

Well, that's how we play.

Would you rather?

Of course.

Oh, that's not the right, uh, theme song.

There we go.

Oh, great game guys.

Tight.

Yeah.

All right.

Congratulations.

Well guys, it's been a great show.

Uh, the only thing left to do is of course a little something that we call plugs.

Plugs!

Well, the show is almost over, it's almost dead inside.

It's almost time for a start of a save by the warless w retch.

But first they had to announce their show to show us all their wares.

Even though it's plain to see that no one really cares.

What's up?

That was it?

What an ignominious end.

Um, that is the mandroids with plug drunk.

Hey, thanks mandroids.

If you have a similar plug theme or actually I'd love for it to be dissimilar because I'd hate to hear that one again.

If you have a plug theme though, head on over to earwolf.

com and put it in the comedy bang bang message boards in under the appropriate thread and you can be famous for a week and mandroids, you are famous for a week and congratulations.

Your reign of terror ends next week when we have a new show and there's a new plugs theme.

And let's do it.

Let's open up the old plug bag.

Adam, what do you have to plug?

Anything coming out?

No, come back to me.

Come back to you?

Okay, great.

Okay, you got to think about this.

Tracy, what do you like to plug?

I like to plug the company's Claires and Baskin Robbins.

Just the companies in general?

Not the particular store in which you work?

No, and excuse me.

You got very emotional when you were just talking about those two companies.

I really care about my companies and where I work.

And I also like to plug my brother's girlfriend's Twitter.

Oh, okay.

Who's that?

Uh, at Lauren Lapkus.

At Lauren Lapkus.

Yeah.

She's like a comedian, like an improv comedian and actress.

I don't really know her, but she wanted me to do that.

That's your boyfriend's girlfriend?

Yeah, my brother's girlfriend.

Brother's girlfriend.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

She's funny.

Yeah.

I mean, whatever you think.

I don't know her really.

Like she doesn't want to talk to me.

So.

Right.

And that's L A P K U S Lauren Lapkus.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

That's how you spell it.

That's a good Twitter.

Yeah.

I mean, like if you like Twitter.

Yeah.

Not, not a lot of people do.

I don't use Twitter.

Oh really?

Yeah.

Why is that?

Cause I don't care what anyone thinks about anything.

Great.

Shelby, anything to plug here?

Yes.

I'm going to be holding a seminar in Rahway, New Jersey for anybody who's interested in learning how to get in touch with those who have passed on.

And you can connect with your family members and watch Robin Hood Men in Tights with them.

If you take this seminar, you'll be able to remember all of your favorite parts of Robin Hood Men in Tights.

Keri Elwes.

Keri Elwes, the Mel Brooks production.

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

And I'm getting another message right now from your grandmother, Scott.

Oh my goodness.

I thought she had moved on, but that's great.

She's back.

She wants you to watch.

She had the answer about that Hulu question I had?

She has nothing to say about that whatsoever.

That's too bad.

But she wants you to watch a sitcom on ABC called How to Live with Your Parents for the Rest of Your Life.

It's on Tuesday nights at 8 o'clock.

So I guess she does get Current TV up there.

Current TV, the network that Al Gore started?

Current TV.

Yeah.

We don't want to confuse anyone.

This is on Current TV.

This is on, it's airing on ABC and also on Current TV.

And there's a comedian I know, Joe Winger, who's on that show.

You know, I can only say what the spirits have told me.

I see.

All right.

Adam, we're moving back to you now.

I would just like to shelve me as a sort of olive branch for any perceived skepticism earlier.

I'd like to plug Grape-gina.

I appreciate that, Adam Brody.

Because I do have that one bottle of Grape-gina still in my home.

And if you're interested in it, it does cost millions and millions of dollars.

Well, it's a collector's item, so I get it.

Yeah.

Put that on eBay someday.

Yeah.

What do I want to plug?

First of all, I want to thank our donor, Matt Stampler, donated $100 to this program.

Thank you so much, Matt.

Keeping the doors open.

I don't have any shows to plug necessarily yet.

I do have some coming up.

I can't talk about them yet, but hey, we're back to work at the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

So let's close up the old plug bag.

Closing up the plug bag.

Bingo.

Closing up the plug bag.

Closing up.

Wow.

Oh, I forgot about him.

That is Ken Marino with the closing up the plug bag theme, Casey Wilson slash bro remix.

And guys, that's it.

This has been our show.

Adam, thank you so much.

Did you have a good time?

Thank you for having me.

I had a pleasure.

All right.

I'm going to take that as a compliment.

And Tracy and Shelby, thank you guys.

First time on the show and you were both fascinating.

Oh, you're welcome.

Yeah.

Please, Tracy, hang out in the halls again someday.

Yeah, I'll probably wander on.

Okay.

Fantastic.

And Shelby, you know, good luck to you in the past, in the future, wherever you may travel.

I don't think this is the last time I've speared to cross paths with Scott Aukerman.

All right.

Well, as far as the listeners, I hope our paths cross next week because I'll see you then.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio, boom.com.

The wolf dead.
