April Fools.

Oh, what a show we have today.

Supposedly from Mad Men, John Hamm will be here.

Also one of our favorite comedians from the Croll Show and the League.

Nick Croll is here.

The entire show.

All of that and more on today's.

They say beauty is only skin deep.

But have you seen a person without skin?

It's disgusting.

Welcome to Comedy Magazine.

Our guest had a look on his face.

We're just like, uh-huh.

You kind of like we're sticking out.

You're talking like, well, I was thinking about what that would actually have you seen that Robbie Williams video where he takes up?

Yes, where he plays his skin.

Basically, yeah, probably my favorite song.

Yeah.

Actually, you know, my favorite song I've talked about it on this show, it's Prince's Bat Dance, but I heard a Prince song the other day.

It was so beautiful.

Prince has a song on his come album called Orgasm, which is just the most beautiful melody.

I don't know if we can find an engineer Cody, but it's just so beautiful and just such an amazing song that if you haven't heard it, check it out.

But I do want to intro the show.

Thanks for that catchphrase submission.

April Fools Rebel.

Ooh.

Rebel.

Will Wilson right before the MTV Movie Awards?

And this is our April Fool show, supposedly.

So April, April 1.

I think the joke is on us.

The joke is on us.

Let me explain what's happening here.

By the way, my name is Scott Ockermann and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang and April 1.

And yeah, this is our April Fools episode.

And I think the joke is on us because I have two guests on the show, but only one showed up.

And the guests in question that did show up is here across the table from me.

It's Nikki Kroll.

Hey, how are you?

I'm Nikki Kroll.

Nikki K.

Yeah.

Have you thought about going by Nikki K at any point?

I mean, I was Nikki Kroll for my childhood.

Were you?

I was yeah, I was Nikki.

Tell me about your childhood.

Was there a lot of pain?

There was very little pain.

My life has been largely free of pain.

I know, you're one of them.

And yet I still want to kill myself.

What?

You're one of those comedians that's so easy going and it seems like nothing bad has ever happened to you.

Yeah, I figure I got it.

It's going to be in the second half.

Oh, yeah.

You're going to get a real dump on.

But our other guest and we were having him on or maybe we are having him on.

Maybe he'll get here at some point, but we're having him on to celebrate and to promote the this Sunday's return of Madman.

Madman?

Madman.

Johnny H, Johnny Ham.

Would you think he was ever Johnny Ham?

We'll find out.

Well, hopefully we'll find out because it is 45 minutes past when we were supposed to start and he is not here.

I believe that John Ham going into season five of Madman.

It's either five or six.

I don't know.

These are the types of questions we need to ask him if he shows up.

Going into season whatever it is, five or six of the hit television show Madman, I think allows him to show up 45 minutes late to a podcast.

When you're in five or six, that's just kind of the everything gets relaxed.

Yeah.

You're on John Ham time at that point?

I mean, for yeah, for as handsome as he is, he's a generally pretty thoughtful guy.

He is.

He's usually very on time because handsome men, I think, have the easiest going of anybody.

Because when they walk in the door, you forget all of your issues.

Everybody is so excited to have them.

Oh, but you would think guys like us would not be excited to have John Ham in a room.

Why?

Because all of a sudden everyone's looking at John Ham.

It's like being in a room with engineer?

Yeah, but guys, I guess, are half gay anyway.

What?

I mean, it's exciting how John Ham is.

It doesn't matter.

That's true.

Do you think also we get like John Ham runoff?

You know what I mean?

Oh, tons of it.

Do you know how many secretaries from the early 60s that I fuck?

And you mean early 60s of age, right?

Both of that era, but also of that age, born around the turn of the century.

That is interesting that survived the depression.

That people from the early 60s are now in their early 60s.

I mean, it's one of those decades that, you know, like people from the 70s are not 70.

Not yet.

You know what I mean?

People from the 50s are not 50.

No.

But people from the 60s are 60.

It's pretty crazy.

It's really crazy.

What did I think there's saying something?

I mean, no one who ever was alive in the 80s is 80 at this point.

Not right now.

Not for at least another 10 years.

Nope, never.

By the way, from the 80s, I mean, there are people who are from the 80s who are currently in their 80s.

No, I'm saying no one.

No, I did.

There were people who were 50 in the 80s.

I have checked to this in their 80s.

I've checked this.

There's not a single person alive today.

Okay.

See, tomorrow.

Who knows what tomorrow will bring?

That's true.

So Nick, tell me about the Croll Show.

It finally is now off our television screen.

You know what this feels like?

Like an episode of like Dick Cavett where like Bill Cosby dropped out and he had to have like Charles Grodin in to talk about nothing.

That's a show I'd see.

Dick Cavett, Bill Cosby, Charles Grodin, The Traumvirate.

Yeah.

But tell me, I don't know about something.

We're shooting season two of Croll Show right now.

Yes.

That's a scoop right there, sister.

Scoop for me.

Do people know that or is that really scoop?

It's not a scoop at all.

Okay.

But it is, you know, and then I haven't, this is my first public appearance since beginning to shoot Croll Show.

You know, besides...

This is your first public appearance.

Thank you so much.

I really appreciate it.

You understand, beyond other stand-up shows.

Also, you've done public appearances.

I've done live shows.

Oh, sure.

Three or four podcasts.

Emotional.

This is an exclusive.

This is a...

We, here's a couple exclusives about Croll Show season two.

We are shooting it.

There are some of the characters we did from season one are coming back.

Some of them have been shot.

Okay.

And that's all I'll say.

It is an interesting time.

Like, I don't feel like I need, I weirdly don't protect any secrets about the show.

Like, do you feel like, I feel like with our age, you have to like tweet out pictures.

You want to show people who are on the show what you look like, you know?

I've had to.

In fact, the network, we're in the middle of the bang, bang , second season ourselves.

Congratulations.

What a scoop.

Thank you so much.

And the network is very protective over who we have on the show.

So I'm not allowed.

None of us are allowed to tweet pictures of the actual people who are on the show.

Interesting.

So...

See, I don't know if I agree with that.

Aye.

I don't know.

I think with your show, maybe it's a little different.

It might be.

It's just like, you know, if I have someone fun on the show , I'm just like, oh yeah, I'm not going to give you any context, really.

But here's me and this fun person.

It's interesting to me because somehow that is not communicated to our guests.

So sometimes the guests will just totally tweet or Facebook pictures that spoil the entire episode and what happens at it.

Right.

Well, I guess no one told them to.

Yeah.

I mean, we had Natalie Wood on the show.

Wow.

Was this pre-Christopher Walken murdering her?

Allegedly.

Allegedly, of course.

Allegedly.

Allegedly, but was it pre- or post?

It was...

Well, we had...

Well, here's the thing is we had shot one piece with her and then we were expecting her for another day.

And then Christopher Walken allegedly murdered her.

And then you were like...

That was Wagner killed her, no?

Well, they were all in it.

But supposedly it was walking.

Really?

I mean, and that's probably not true.

And I'm a big fan of Christopher Walken.

I just...

How he doesn't punctuate sentences normally?

How could that guy murder somebody?

He takes periods out.

Yeah, that's all he does.

He gets his lines and he used to with a black marker.

I don't know if now technology is such that he just erases them digitally.

Yeah, there's a Christopher Walken app that removes all punctuation.

Yeah.

But yeah, he would just do that take out periods and take out capitalization, which I wonder if you do that for proper nouns, you know?

Like Wells Fargo bank.

Would he take out the capitalization on that?

So he would look at it and be like Wells Fargo.

Fargo.

Bang.

Yeah, yeah.

It's possible.

I would watch...

Are you doing Christopher Walken right now?

I would watch.

I would...

Do you want to hear my Walken though?

Yeah, I'd love it.

Eee.

A madrean.

You're aadrian.

I am aadrian.

Is your Christopher Walken slash Rocky impression?

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, basically.

I can do anybody.

Okay.

Should I name people or are you going to tell me who you think you should name people?

Okay.

Let me think.

Well, one of the greatest actors of our generation, Val Kil mer.

Okay.

Val Kilmer.

This is my Val Kilmer.

That was it?

Nice.

That's Dr. Moreau era, right?

Yeah, it's somewhere...

It's like a little...

Okay, let me do it.

I'll do it.

I'll do Val Kilmer.

Okay.

This is not that funny, but I'm enjoying it.

I'm enjoying it.

I read an interesting story about this.

The screenwriter of the island of Dr. Moreau, I believe it was...

Maybe it was the screenwriter of the original director, but someone got fired off it.

I think it was the original director.

It got fired.

I would assume a lot of people got fired making that movie.

He got fired and yet he snuck back on the set by dressing up in an interview.

In an animal costume and then watched the movie being filmed, like to spy on it.

Really?

The horror Hollywood lore that I'm probably getting very wrong.

He was like in with extras casting.

Yeah.

And he just like...

Good for him.

Let me get a horse's head on here so I can see what's going on with my movie.

But as the screenwriter, Dr. Moreau should do, like he would be a poorly drawn character, director, screenwriter, whatever, one of the maniacs that was involved in that.

The maniacs.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Like, who wasn't mad?

That's like Johnny Depp, Marlon Brando.

Was Johnny Depp in that?

I think so.

I don't even know.

I have this.

But Brando's in it, right?

Brando's Depp.

I thought it was Kilmer and Brando just like Johnny Depp.

Oh, maybe it was Kilmer and Brando.

Right.

So I just assume everyone involved in the production of that was like a cocaine, like loose meat sandwich eating monster.

Do you know what I mean?

Like the height of hubris.

You don't like people who eat loose meat sandwiches is what I'm getting from that.

You know, when I picture like old Hollywood, I eat picture like big fat juice with like loose meat falling out of their mouth.

When you eat a sandwich, do you like to keep it tidy?

Do you ask the meat to be just all like compressed into one piece?

When I eat a sandwich, I have very specific rules.

I want cubed ham.

Okay.

And then just like a thin spread of mayo.

Okay.

How thin?

How thin do you like this?

Just imperceptible just as if the white bread is just glist ening with a morning dew.

And you like white bread as well.

Yeah.

So I like white wonder bread with a thin layer of mayo and then cubed ham.

Any lettuce?

No, but I'll, but I'll take like, um, you know, sometimes like when you get, well, you know, when you get like a cup of like a cottage cheese and a, like the, sometimes it's sitting in a, in a, in a, in a.

And a ramekin.

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

Yeah.

Just, yeah.

Just like Denny's lettuce shredded.

Yeah.

Great.

Shredded Denny's lettuce.

Okay.

And then cubed ham.

Uh huh.

Um, and just like a couple.

Like American cheese?

No cheese.

Okay.

But, but that's what the mayo is for.

Of course.

Yeah.

That adds that layer of tasty fat to the, uh, also the wonder bread is, uh, it's just so, it's so tasty.

And then canned olives can't like, can slice olives.

Just throw to the microwave.

Oh, god.

This is actually, as you described it, it's disgusting, but I bet this is someone in America's favorite sandwich.

I think it's, yeah.

Oh, because here that feels like a 1950 sandwich.

Right.

Yeah.

Like food used to suck.

What's interesting about the fifties too is that there, it 's the only decade where people from the fifties are in the fifties right now.

You know what I mean?

It's like, you know, I totally.

Those weird anomalies.

I know.

By the way, okay.

Nicky, I'm getting word from John Hamm.

Yeah.

Okay.

He'll be here.

He says, he says, okay, listen to this text.

I hit the flatness and the alarm hit back.

And then I'm, I wondered what that meant.

And then he writes flatness somehow equals alarm.

I guess it was auto corrected to flatness.

Okay.

Or, or he's like speaking in the beautiful prose of a Don Draper.

I hit the flatness and the alarm hit back.

Literally.

Okay.

At some point he has to just become Don Draper.

Like, you know what I mean?

Like, I would, I would happily confuse myself there.

Yeah.

I mean, the character is not that much different than him.

Personally.

I would net like, there's no worry about me becoming Rox anne, I don't think because it's not a, it's not a, it's not a fun guy to become.

Yeah.

But it is, it is, you, you are not, and by the way, we're talking about Roxanne on the league, which is coming back this fall.

Yes.

Just announced on the FXX channel, the new FXX channel.

And yeah, I mean, that's a very different character than your actual personality.

Paul Sheer's character, very similar to his personality.

Paul is so much like Andre.

It's crazy from the clothing he wears to how much he's hated by his friends.

But you, you, on the, on the show, you're married to that hot girl from flight.

Yeah.

And, uh, she has a name.

I don't care.

And I don't like to attach nomenclature to women that I want to have sex with.

Sure.

You know what I mean?

It, it, it muddies the waters.

Uh, he says, he's giving the address and I'm saying, yes, that is correct.

And he says he's here.

Uh, fine.

Coming straight from Palm Springs.

Straight from Hawaii.

Yeah.

I'm giving him, I'm giving him, there you go.

Floor, he must, he's on the way up right now.

This is very exciting.

I've started this place so many times and I never remember what floor.

That's like our, our mutual manager.

Yes.

I can never remember.

Really?

Yeah, I do have no idea what floor that I was after.

Our manager is Bernie Braustin, the, that's right.

Rest in peace.

Uh, but he is still managing along with Natalie Wood.

That's how you got hooked up with Natalie Wood, isn't that right?

Yeah, man.

Yeah.

I watched this Phil Specter thing.

You watch it?

Yeah, I did.

It was, uh, fairly ridiculous.

I did not like it.

Yeah.

I will come out and say that.

I'm scared of saying I don't like things in Hollywood.

I did not like that.

It is a little, it is scary to say I don't like, because I 've done it often and then all of a sudden you hear, Hey, this person is, I, I got very nervous when I said the Christopher Walken thing because I was like, Oh wait, what if I want to have him on the show?

Oh, Chris is a, Chris is a big fan of the podcast.

And Al Pacino.

Mm hmm.

It's like a huge pod.

He's a podhead.

He is a podhead.

He's listening to you made it weird, like all, all eight hours of it.

I, over and over on repeat.

I saw, I went, um, I didn't go, but the podcasting, there was a podcasting like festival in, in Santa Monica.

And I knew about it just from Al's Instagram.

Al's tweet.

Swings to just to sending pictures.

All of his vines.

Yeah.

He got, cause he, he had pictures with Jimmy Pardo.

Yeah.

He's got pictures with a bunch of stuff with Pete.

I would love to hear your impression of Al Pacino talking to Jimmy Pardo.

E.

Love podcast.

What is happening here?

The door just opened and a young man just stepped into the studio.

He's grabbing Nick Kroll's forearm.

Uh, Pectoral.

That's your pectoral.

Well, okay.

Well, then I, I believe, uh, up there and, uh, let us, uh, I would, I would love to hear, uh, our, our new guest say this, this particular line as Don Draper.

The, uh, this one moment, right after moments.

Flatness somehow equals alarm.

Very good.

How are you?

John Ham is here.

Well, thank you.

I'm sorry I'm late.

No problem.

I was shooting very late this, uh, this morning and, uh, here I am.

All three of us, uh, are in the midst of shooting our respective shows.

Right.

You guys?

We had one day off and we all decided to get together.

I mean, it's fun.

As friends.

Cause we do that.

You know what I mean?

I'm not talking to you right now.

Me?

Yeah.

What I do.

Other than say no, I won't do your show.

Repeatedly.

The flatness.

Did you mean to write flatness?

No, I meant to write alarm.

Well, it's the same thing that happened to you, Nick.

I have no idea why this flatness was because it feels like.

Did you mean to write Coke and you're in it?

Yeah.

Okay.

So yesterday, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick.

Nicole writes us an email that says I have to be out by 12 15.

I'm Coke at 1230 somewhere.

It's like, what are you talking about?

What I meant to write was I'm no explanation.

I'm doing Coke somewhere tomorrow at 1230 somewhere.

So that was it.

You were doing a joke.

You did mean to write Coke, but you forgot doing.

You were doing.

But it, but it, but it, it extensively equaled the same thing for me.

I thought it was just supposed and it was auto corrected to coke.

No, no, no, I'm cocaine today at 1230.

It's like, like when little kids turn into pumpkins, you turn into cocaine.

Yeah, I turn into kids the end of the day.

How are you doing, John?

Your voice is.

I'm shredded.

Yeah.

It was a late night and night.

Like a Denny's lettuce.

Scream at people.

I'm shredded like Denny's lettuce.

You were yelling, let me guess, you were yelling at your new, your new, your first one.

Let me just break down the scene for you.

Okay.

Yelling it.

This is the finale.

This is the finale of the season.

Yelling it.

You're finally get together.

We've, we've, we've got to score their alert.

Everyone's excited.

Now I'm only on season two of the show.

So can I ask you a few questions about it?

Yeah.

Like, okay.

So it seems like your marriage is not, it's not in the best shape.

No, in season two of no.

And it's the 60s.

You can't get divorced.

So how do you just persevere through that?

First of all, I'm dying to tell you history.

Well, I mean, I mean, it's the 60s.

You obviously can't get divorced and find another younger wife.

It's never happened.

So what do you do?

How do you persist?

How does Don just persist?

Because you're Don Draper.

Your character could be dating young hot actresses.

But instead you're stuck with a...

The old ball and Jean.

What is her name?

Betty.

Yeah, Betty and Peggy are very similar.

Becky.

So you got Becky.

You're finally get together.

But that's the thing is that line sounds like you shot mad mental late.

You woke up this morning and you're just still in the middle of a Don monologue.

Being like the...

The finest hit back.

Yeah, exactly.

We were sort of like...

No, it was.

I set my alarm last night at 4am or whatever we wrapped.

Because I was like, okay, I'm going to definitely set the alarm.

And I set it and then I hit the alarm.

Sure.

And instead of hitting the snooze, I hit the off.

You have an old timey alarm.

Right.

You know, that you hit like it was...

Yeah.

You have to throw against the wall.

Yeah.

And it lands in the trash game.

And you in my mind, you woke up in a somewhat vacant apartment with just a sheet.

Just a sheet like a thin layer of video on the bed.

Why doesn't anybody...

Why doesn't Don Draper drink any water?

It drives me crazy.

Yeah, how come we never see him drinking water?

Because it was the 60s.

I know.

Along with not being able to get divorced, you could also not ever do water.

It was illegal to drink water?

No, because there were better substances to drink.

I have a theory.

Why would you drink water?

I have a theory by the way.

You could drink hot marshmallows.

Hot marshmallows.

I have a theory, John, which is the 60s is an interesting decade because people from the 60s are now in their 60s, which is unlike any other decade.

This is what you missed.

No one who was alive during the 50s is 50.

His 50s sleep was so much better.

You're going to dream about this.

No one in the 50s is in their 50s.

No one in the 70s is in their 70s.

No one in the 80s could possibly be 80s.

We checked on that.

We have run that man.

I argued.

He ran this and I don't buy the numbers.

No, I checked it.

Literally.

Because there are people who were in their 50s in the 80s who are now in their 80s.

No, they're all dead by now.

Can I ask you how long this coverage went on?

I'm already five minutes.

Good, good, good.

Sorry I was late.

John, no April Fool's joke here.

Here it is you and Mad Men's season.

This is another big question we had for you that we wanted to know about the upcoming season.

It'll be on this Sunday.

Is it season five or six?

It's season six, you guys.

Everybody in season six is six years old.

That is something we do do that.

I'm going to release one tiny spoiler.

Does Sally get younger this year?

Every character is.

So it's like Mad Men babies?

It is exactly like that.

You just see like feet of adults?

It's so fun.

You guys, because you don't want, you can't get mad at them .

No, they're so cute.

But this Sunday, it's on.

It's on, I don't know, like Donnie.

It's all right.

Okay, so.

No, it's on A&T.

So, like Donnie Gong is also one of those.

Okay, so you're just, and I'm just, obviously I'm still in season two, but.

Yeah.

But so you want season three, four and five spoilers?

What's that?

You want season three, four and five, like hints?

Well, no, I'm just, like, you know, for based off season two, I'm not understanding where we're at in season six.

Just look at your notebook.

This is in, this bit is in his notebook.

So season two magic.

Keep going.

I want to hear more of this.

Keep going.

So you're still at the ad agency.

Yeah, yeah.

And it's happy there.

You're at Dunder Mifflin.

Very.

No, that's a different show.

D That's true, but not in paper.

Okay.

That way, you know what?

I think the Grand American paper company.

You should take over, you should take over for Ed Helms when he leaves the office this time.

I am a spoiler alert also.

We'll be in season ten of the office.

Don Draper's taking over the office.

John Hammer, Don Draper.

Me.

John Hammer.

What about Don Hammer?

You play yourself.

I play John Hammer.

I never run a paper company.

Right.

You are, in fact, an actor.

You should arm an actor.

Who knows nothing about the business.

I know nothing, which is, you know, I mean, neither did the other two people that had that previous job.

That's true.

I will do that.

It should be said that this will not be for air.

Okay.

No, no.

This is just for the former.

This is like how, like people.

The Congress and Pete, Jennifer, they all like each other so much.

They were like, you know what, guys, let's just get together and read some scripts.

We just want to hang out every week.

That's like, like, people would go to like fantasy baseball camp.

Exactly.

We just want to pay money to go to fantasy office.

You mean baseball, but you're feeling the experience.

We should do some sort of like fantasy baseball camp for the three of us.

Like anyone who wants to hang out with the three of us, you know, and just like feel some of this magic, you know, and I mean, engineer Cody is just beaming from ear to ear.

He's one of his couple contests to get here.

Yes.

You want that contest where we somehow pay him to do what he's doing?

It's more than I can say for myself.

I'm getting paid to this.

No, no, no, no, no.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

There's a ton of money about this.

So John, tell us about, tell us, tell us about, we have so many mad men questions.

Tell us about, like, here's one that came up before you got here.

Like, what time is the show on?

And is it possible to set your DVR for it?

Yeah.

No, guys, you guys, it's like any other TV show you can, you can, you can watch it live.

You can watch it live or wait.

You guys prefer.

Literally Nick, please wait.

Stop talking.

So I finish.

I'm going to watch it at your leisure.

Wait, so you guys- Like me being on season two and bless you.

You guys perform it live?

We perform it live every week.

Wow.

We do live live show every week.

And a lot of people don't realize that.

I think a lot of people think, oh my God, you know, the show looks a certain way.

But it doesn't look a certain way.

It doesn't, guys.

That's what we're doing.

That's what we're, that doesn't, that's our movie magic.

That's just what you're doing.

That's just us.

No, that makes total sense.

So when you watch it on DVD- It's the flatness.

Yeah.

When you watch it on DVD later, is it the East Coast or the West Coast?

Both.

Wait, so Madman- Overlayered over each other?

Wait, is Madman the first reality show?

Just from- I mean, you guys having made it in the 60s?

Well, we didn't make it in the 60s, Nick.

I don't think I have to explain that.

Well, that's the other thing.

You guys have to explain that.

The first reality- You understand about the 60s in the 60s.

Right.

This is not that.

Well, because you guys are in your, you're not in your 60s.

No.

The first reality show is that the American family in the 70s, but this predates it because it's the 60s.

It's true.

Exactly.

But this is not- This is again, this is not a reality show, guys.

Right.

It's not.

No.

But you're all- For real, you're doing it is one thing.

So when you guys do this show live and you're like putting on your makeup and then someone comes in and is like- Wait, what's your deal with your makeup?

Was this makeup?

What do you- You don't wear makeup?

You're just like this in real life?

Oh my gosh.

I don't know what- You don't know what makeup is?

No.

Even the concept of makeup.

No, no.

I mean, Nick and I got to fight once when we made a- We made a- Oh, that's not- We made a little bit rouge and blush on each other.

Okay, yeah, that's exactly what we made each other up.

We made every turn- That's pretty lady.

Yeah.

That's what we're talking about.

Okay.

Okay, go.

So go.

So, and then you're doing like trust exercises with January Jones and you're like looking deep into each other's eyes and like you do the prayer, you know , to make sure that the show goes well.

We'll do a couple of trust falls, like the cast, like a big circle.

Here's the fun part because we'll do a big circle, one person in the middle and just fall.

Right.

Backwards, obviously.

The cast will catch.

That's when we go.

Okay.

So sometimes the show starts before you're even on the air.

As soon as you're as soon as we- the cast has enough trust in another, that's when we go.

Wow, so how many scenes have we missed that haven't been televised because you've already started?

I mean, we have probably shot 4,000 hours of television.

How many concussions?

Honestly, only one.

Really?

I cannot tell you who.

Sally.

I cannot tell you who.

Is it Sally because that's why she's not growing?

Is that why she's a little kid on the show?

It was Duck.

Really?

Duck.

Duckie.

Duckie from Pretty in Pink.

Now Duck, me being on season 2 of the show.

You're not even that same.

You're obviously talking about A Duck.

A Duck, Affleck Duckie.

But he's a guy who's got control of his drinking.

Yeah.

And he's- Okay.

He's gonna be one of your best friends.

He can hang in that era.

He can hang in that time period.

He'll be totally fine.

Tell you what, guys.

Why don't we take a little bit of a break.

When we come back, we're gonna have more from John Hamm.

We're gonna have more from Nick Kroll.

And Katie Kirk weighs in.

Finally.

We'll be right back with comedy back, bang.

And the news without Roker.

The news?

Weather.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We are back here.

Nick Kroll has put on sunglasses, Hollywood afternoons.

All right.

What is happening here?

Yeah, man.

Are you cool, man?

Yeah, man.

I'm like John Draper.

John Draper.

It's not my name.

John Hamm.

It's not my name.

What if- what if Kick Boss were talking to you on your show ?

Would he say John- John Draper?

Never mind.

This is- I did.

I literally never seen that show.

I'm so sorry.

I love to hear Kick Boss.

He's a friend of the show.

Hey.

I'm Adrian.

I'm Kick Boss.

You miss so much, John.

I think I'm pretty sure that would probably be my impression of Kick Boss.

I'm Big wasn't.

So, John, I mean, we got to know what's happening on the show.

Here's another big question that is on everyone's mind.

Is the show on Sundays every week?

The show's on the- Do you switch around?

No, no, no, every week, you guys.

Oh.

For always.

It's always has been, always will be.

In fact, for a season it was on Thursday, sorry.

Take it back.

Uh oh.

You know why?

We didn't want to run up against that juggernaut called the Soprano.

No, we didn't.

Were you on when the Sopranos was on?

That's so crazy to me.

Y'all eat onion rings on that show?

Wait, who's this?

No, it's just me, just do it.

I thought you were launching into a character.

No, I thought so did I.

I didn't.

Didn't stick?

He launched in and then he immediately- No, no, no, no.

I forgot that I could possibly jump into a character.

I do have to say that the Crawl Notebook is closed.

Yeah.

It's not closed, so whatever's coming out is free form girl .

Yeah, heavy thud on that note book.

Um, yeah, that's crazy that you've been around as long as the Sopranos.

It is, it is weird.

The Sopranos, when we shot the pilot, the whole crew on our show was from the Sopranos.

Was from the Sopranos?

Because we shot the pilot in between the Sopranos had like a sort of a split last season.

Oh, right.

And we shot it during the hiatus.

They needed something to do.

They're not just going to sit at home staring at the wall.

That'd be like, say the wall and go like, eh.

Hey, I made it.

Um, ooh, eh, I'm a grip.

What am I going to operate a camera?

Oh.

I love your imitation of the working class.

Well, on the Sopranos.

Oh, sure, yeah, yeah.

If it was on the office, they'd just look in the camera and be like, hmm?

Did you- The crowd can really see that.

He shrugged by the way, looking into the camera.

It was kind of hilarious.

Yeah, it was.

Did you film it out?

It was in New York then because- Yeah, we shot in New York.

We shot in Silver Cup shoes.

In fact, we shot at the same time that the pilot of 30 Rock Shot.

What?

On the same stage.

On the same stages.

And where are you like going over there?

And Sorkin- and Sorkin rode it.

Anyway, we- Did it- Now at this point, you're not Don Draper, John Hamm .

You're just John Hamm actor.

I'm on a pilot.

Did Tina Fey refuse to ever meet you?

Um, no.

But we were on the same stages.

You were on the same stage.

Did you ever even look at you?

No, I never know.

Yeah.

Did Baldwin just- did you just walk down the hallway one day and you saw Baldwin sneezed on you?

And you knew that it was all going to be okay.

I did.

When you get sneezed on by someone like, and Alec Baldwin.

Yeah, amazing.

You know what?

You know you made it.

Yeah.

Did you think Alec Baldwin gets free Capital One cards for life?

Forever.

As many pieces of plastic cards as you want.

Who gets more Capital One stuff Alec Baldwin or Jimmy Fallon?

Go.

I don't know.

Yeah, that's it.

Do they just give them cards?

Or do they- You know when they can just put whatever money they want on them?

Is it one of- they're two different- Jimmy Fallon's Capital One and Baldwin- is he Bank of America?

No, Baldwin is Capital One.

They're both Capital One.

That's crazy.

Yeah, he's the one that goes with the Vikings and then- Alex is one of the Vikings and Jimmy's among the baby.

Really?

That's it.

They're not- I didn't think they were both Capital One.

Successfully, we were wondering what they're selling.

We just know they're in commercials.

It's another one of those things in Geico where you go like , how many mascots is this- Yeah, that's true.

This thing you have.

And speaking of a Geico mascot, we have one right here in the room.

Nick Croll.

I was on the TV show.

Cavemen.

Ba-ba-ba.

We actually are- Underrated television show by the way.

That's true.

Because no one saw it.

But we have a cavemen part, spoiler alert on our show this year.

We're just sincerely thinking of like- Oh, I would love to strap that on.

When you love, I was gonna say when you let us in and get two hours in.

I want to strap four.

I want to strap that bad boy back on.

Four hours.

Or for you.

You're so hairy.

I know.

Well, because I shave my face every day.

But did they have to?

My whole face, forehead all down.

Like chest hair, like weave hair.

There were days where there were days where our guys would play squash.

That was like a joke that the cavemen played squash.

Oh, okay.

That's a funny idea.

Yeah.

Except when you then think about the fact that like- You're wearing a prosthetics.

Glue, they would glue hair to our entire arm.

Because you're wearing tank tops?

Because you're wearing like squash outfits.

What are squash outfits?

I guess I'm not picturing this quite exactly.

Well, each character had his own look.

Okay.

But some of them were like short shorts, you know, like black rack of socks.

Mix your little, little, little hipstery.

So you had like a banded short shorts.

Oh yeah.

And like a good tank top.

Yeah, a good one.

Yeah.

This is horrible.

But no, but the madman cavemen were originally on madman.

Yeah, that's in season zero.

Which was set back in the paleolithic.

Paleolithic.

Yes.

Are you excited about the season?

How do you feel about it?

I'm very excited.

You know, it'll come out.

You're in the thick of it.

When do you- Just like you.

Yeah.

When do you rap?

We rap in about two weeks.

Oh, so exciting.

Finish line, finish line, finish line is in sight.

Is it exciting for you to know that your character on mad man is descended from cavemen?

Are we all?

Let me think about it.

No, I think we've done more.

He's a real hunter.

Right?

Sort of a hunter-gabra.

Is that pop into your head ever when you're doing a scene of like, oh, holy shit, every human being was once a caveman.

That's literally- Did they know that?

Most of my scenes when I'm staring out a window drinking a smoke and I'm like, you guys, we're all cavemen.

Do you ever when you're doing- By the way, amazing.

Because I'm like in the 60s, right?

Right.

I'm like, by the way, great mascot for an insurance company .

Yeah.

Someday.

Did Don run the Geico account?

Yeah.

He started it.

When you're doing a scene, do you ever have like a bit of human modern knowledge pop in your head, like a picture of a computer and it just like takes you out of the scene?

Yeah.

Like, holy shit, I'm envisioning a computer.

Yes and no, because I'm an adult and I think about other things all the time.

But Don't- But Don't- But Don't- And say that it's a career- Like guys, I just thought about a computer.

I'm sorry we have- Don't run the day.

I'm in the innovator.

He's sitting into the future.

A tarry.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Guys, sorry.

I thought of Pac-Man.

But I think that Don Draper knows that, so that's what makes him such an icon in this picture.

You think he's a futurist?

You're right.

You know?

So he sees where everything is going.

Now, like for example, he's obsessed with carousels.

Mm-hmm.

Exactly.

And the musical carousel.

What?

So this season is about- I loved you.

You're doing a revival of carousel.

He just does all of Billy Bigelow's lines.

Maybe a dream ballet in the middle of the- Why not?

Yeah.

Why don't we have one more season to explore?

Yeah.

Let's talk about some of the products that you guys are doing on the show this year, like, some of the things that the ad agency.

Let me guess.

Socks?

We have a sock account.

Okay.

I don't think I'm spoiling anything here, but Haynes comes in.

Haynes, where do we get our Haynes on you?

That's a modern slogan.

I did not make that up.

I'm not a fan of it.

I'm a modern slogan.

I did not make that up.

Okay.

Any other ones?

Yeah, I would imagine plugs like electrical plugs.

We don't know any plugs.

Are they sure as a sponsor by plug?

Wait a minute.

Who is this?

It plugs.

Is it a cup of coffee there?

What?

It's a cup of coffee.

What?

It's a cup of coffee.

See?

It's a cup of coffee there.

What?

It's a cup of coffee.

See?

It's a cup of coffee there.

Oh my God.

Chupa.

The name of those.

There are two Chupacabras now.

Chupa, you have a brother that I don't know about?

Chupacabro.

How are you?

It's amazing.

The twin.

It's my twin brother.

You have a twin brother and we've never...

Yes, he's been stuck in a spay and a pey Mexico for the last many years.

Now he has joined us.

Now he's a preschool.

Welcome to the States.

This is such a pleasure to meet you.

This is Galocoman.

Have you ever met Nick Rolenton-Hams?

Oh, see?

It's very nice to meet you.

Chum.

Come on.

How are you?

Wait a minute.

You've met John M. several times.

Chupacabra.

Yeah.

And yet you haven't and you say you go.

Beggio.

Now he's from another country.

He's never been here.

Wait, you guys are twins.

Have you been like swapping...

Not bodies, obviously, but have you been like taking each other's places?

Chupacabro.

Chumon is a star.

They are...

Mamin.

They know they sell.

They sell.

Mamin.

I thought him all about the show.

Mamin.

But it's in Mexico.

It's in Los Umbras.

And in Mexico.

Oh, of course.

Yes.

How roughly translated that's the...

They call it man.

Don't drop it.

Don't they drop it?

No, no, no, no.

Don't drop it.

See, see, don't drop it.

In Mexico, in Mamin.

Somebody say, no, no, no.

They say, no, no.

They say, no.

Don't drop it.

So he's a prince, really.

You use all that history.

Yes.

Yeah.

Now, is this done mainly in the dialogue that takes the play?

Because obviously you don't reshoot an entirely new show.

He's...

Dobbed.

It's the do-dob-dob.

What does that mean?

Dobbed.

It means it's a...

Don't drop it.

When you hit, don't drop it.

In Mexico.

It's the most...

The most difficult thing.

Oh, dubbed.

Yes.

So it's all...

El Chewbacca, but that's the voice.

I know the voice.

Don't drop it.

You do the voice.

Don't drop it.

So you have to replace all the dialogue and all the dialogue is replaced with mentions if him being in a print.

He's a prince?

See?

Well, he say the prince of a...

He's domain.

Okay.

So he doesn't work in an advertising agency in Mexico.

Well, um...

Sort of.

Okay.

He is a...

Don't.

He's...

Don't...

Don't.

You know, it's the...

This family that I'll live in a weird, non-home-looking place.

And this is his principality.

Okay.

So when he's at work in the Mexican version of the show, that actually is where he lives.

And all like Roger and everyone like that is his family.

Yeah.

You should hear him do the lines like the flatness...

The flatness line?

I would love to hear...

Yeah.

El Chupacabro do some of those lines.

Well...

Sure.

Say, I will...

Here, don't have to twist your arm.

No, he's this guy.

This guy.

Okay.

Here we go.

Momentito.

He's a different process in Mexico.

Yeah, he's really got to get into it.

Flatness somehow equals alarm.

Say.

And he's in English.

He's in English.

Wait a minute.

Why are you in Mexico?

Why are you dubbing the show in English?

Because it's not how he sounds.

So just to have the accent?

This is all in Spanish right now.

English is all the same.

Neera says, speak Spanish very well.

Wait.

I've never known this about you, El Chupacabro.

Why do you think we speak in English?

Because it's all the same.

That's the audience.

That's all the audience is important to understand.

Do you know that AMC beat Unavision in Mexico?

It's crazy.

So, Unavision does better here than it does in Mexico?

Yes, it is.

It's not very popular.

So, you...

Because it's all in Spanish.

So, you're from Mexico and you don't know any Spanish at all?

No, I don't know.

You speak Spanish.

I'm not.

It's just doesn't make any sense.

But I'm learning so many interesting things about you.

Like, I...

You didn't know I had it to him brother in Chupacabro.

No, I have to confess the last time you've been on the show .

It's been so...

Yes.

Just ask a question.

We hope.

It's how we work.

We're right here.

How am I supposed to know to ask the question, do you have a twin brother who has a very similar name to you?

Show some interest.

Say.

Okay, all right.

Take in your fellow man.

I'm so sorry.

Okay.

Can I ask you some questions?

Say.

What was your mother like?

Well, my mother...

She was a beautiful woman.

She was with many men.

Lovely.

She was a lovely woman.

She was with many men.

Do you share the same father?

No.

Wow.

You're too...

Did your mother have sex with two different men in one night?

Yes.

And one of you is from one of them and one of you is from the other?

Yeah.

My father was...

Ray Donaldson.

Ray Donaldson?

Wait, Ray Donaldson.

Why is that ringing?

You may know his name.

He plays the actor who plays the most interesting man in the world.

Oh, he has the...

But this was when he was not the actor playing the character of the most interesting man in the world.

He was just the most interesting man in the world.

Oh, okay.

Ray Donaldson.

Interesting.

My father...

There it is.

Is Ray Crock.

Who was the role of the Rick of the Crock?

Literally the most interesting man in the world.

Yes.

The guy who was the original...

Ray McDonald!

Ray McDonald's!

I was gonna say...

Why did they do McDonald's brothers?

Right.

Camille.

Rick Crock.

Ray Crock.

But Ray Crock.

Elevated the company.

Yes.

Franchise.

He was the franchise.

So you come from money and you just come from...

No, no, no, no.

We were...

They both came down, they had their way with her mother.

As if she was an old couch.

I mean, we...

You know, her mom was the town bike.

She was a bike, but shaped like a couch.

Your mother was a bike.

A very comfortable bike.

Okay.

Interesting.

But she said shaped like a...

I feel like a grinding bike.

Like something you would see a burning man.

Oh, okay.

I understand.

Sordor rekombant.

So you have two different fathers.

You have a mother who's a bike shaped like a couch.

Not beautiful.

But a beauty.

Okay.

And then you popped out and your brothers.

We didn't.

Bob, Bob, it was a painful birthing experience.

Oh, I can imagine that.

Because we were...

Physiology.

Twins.

From different fathers.

Yeah.

In the same womb.

Were you conjoined as well?

We were...

Connected at the pinkies.

At the pinkies.

And you're not now, obviously.

Oh, it was a fairly simple story.

About eight, nine years ago we did it.

And then I came to the US and he stayed.

It took a while.

Wow.

That's why your pinkie has looked odd.

I guess I should have just...

Who looks at a pinkie?

You know my favorite kartomas, anamaniacs.

Yeah.

With pinkie in the brain.

Yeah.

I'm gonna be brave.

That pinkie, a lot of people looked at and it worked out quite nicely.

Yeah.

Pinkie and said it.

Well, how's you guys?

So why did you just never come to America?

El Chupacabro?

Well, I had a pretty good in Mexico.

Yeah, that's true.

Redubbing Don Draper's live in accent in English.

I had a good job.

I had a lot of family.

Which man, you had them?

Yeah.

Why past tense?

But we say seasonal.

Oh, it's seasonal.

It's seasonal.

They only make mom and every six years.

One episode every six years.

It sort of catches cash cans.

You know what I'm saying?

That's the other one he did in the voice.

All the voices for catch me if you can.

All of the voices.

Tom Hanks, Leo de Caprio.

We did it together.

Police officer number two.

Yes, they flew me down to do the build.

You said that he did them all himself and you're saying you were sick after time so I came down.

I did the other half.

We switched off.

We have very similar voices.

In twins.

Of course.

John, you've been very quiet during all this.

What do you think?

I'm just fascinated by this.

I had no idea.

No, it's a very interesting situation.

Nick, what do you think about all this?

Well, I'm excited.

I think it's great.

Sometimes, like, the idea that John is finally meeting a guy who does it.

Yeah.

That's always fascinating to me.

Well, El Chupacabra, do you do any of Nick's voices for his show?

I do all the impressions.

You do the impressions.

So, Nick, you don't do impressions?

I mean, obviously...

I mean, I do one impression.

Yeah, Christopher Walker, of course.

Yeah.

You're major.

So, but you've never...

I'm late to this game.

Yeah, you're late to it.

You're much not Christopher Walker.

Adrian.

Who do you think it is?

Well...

So, Nick...

I'm pretty sure that's Rocky Balboa.

Oh, see, this is crazy.

Imitating his wife, Adrian.

Oh.

So, Nick...

As portrayed by Christopher Walker.

And Christopher Walker.

Yeah!

Nick, do you...

Maybe Nick thinks he does really good impressions, but he doesn't.

I think he does.

Would you like to hear one of my impressions?

I would love to hear.

Yes, please.

Name a person.

I will do impressions.

Any person.

Well, John Goodman.

Okay, these are my impressions of John Goodman.

It's me...

...John Goodman.

So, this is off-camera not in the show?

Yes, he was saying that in the show.

This was on his...

...Rassang.

This is me.

Dang.

John Goodman.

Yes, but in this case, it's...

...it's...

...Rassan Arquette.

Oh, I see.

It's from...

From Desperately Seeking Susan.

Desperately Seeking Susan.

Yeah.

It's from...

...The...

...All of Madonna's movies.

Oh, of course.

Yeah, Shine.

Shine is a surprise.

She has a surprise.

What's that going to work on?

What was that one guy Richie directed on the beach?

Oh, that was called...

...Swipped Away!

Swipped Away!

When you say it, it sounds exciting.

Swipped Away!

He did it big numbers in Mexico.

Big numbers in Mexico.

Was that a blockbuster in Mexico?

Shoot.

What attracted the Mexican people to that movie?

I mean, what's that about?

They thought it was about Madonna, the...

...Madeline.

The story was about Guy Richie.

That's what...

...In the divorce proceedings, that's what it said.

Yeah, she was very upset that he made a movie about himself .

I think it was always about Guy Richie.

Yeah.

In the end.

Wow, so, I mean, now you're in America though, El Chupacab ro.

What do you plan to do?

Did you plan to do some legitimate acting in the American ...?

I want to take him to Pink's Hotbox.

Okay.

I never been.

Whoever looks at the Pink's.

I never been.

That's the most...

...Blaze line.

Because I want to do like...

...Aye, Las Angeles.

And you've been here for a few years, you said, but you still have not taken him?

No, he's only been here for a couple of days.

Oh, a couple of days.

Okay.

Brando, Redo the Boat.

Redo?

You guys took a boat together?

Yeah, we took a boat.

We took a boat from the Yucatan.

Yucatan, we took a boat from the Yucatan.

We took a boat from the Yucatan.

We went almost to the Panama Canal.

We sent...

No, no, no.

All the way down.

Car Pav Guurjo.

Yes.

Argentina, Ushuaia.

Down we saw the Penguins.

Penguins.

I wanted the boat to have...

I'm not bald and I'm bummed from Antarctica.

What happened there?

Oh, God.

I fucked the Penguins.

You fucked a penguin?

Yes.

Immediate departure.

Wait a minute.

I know some guys who fucked a penguin.

They were on one of our previous episodes.

You see it?

Yeah, we should tell.

Oh, I should saw it as a poor group.

Was that Carl Sajunya?

I don't know.

Yeah, you...

I've never listened to the joke.

Yeah.

Interesting.

So you took the long way all the way down there.

The long way.

We started Chile.

We did a piece of La Gende reenactment video.

That was beautiful.

We took the Pinochet.

We did the Pinochet tour.

Did you do a Chile cook-off as well?

Wait a minute.

In a manner of speaking, the Pinochet.

Yes, but we did it all South American tour of our favorite dictators.

Oh, great.

And then we went up through Colombia and paid our respects to you, not a dictator, but he was in them.

It was important.

Me de Jing.

We went to all of our favorite entourage.

We did it all around the world.

Sure.

Yeah.

Favorite entourage.

They call it the Tour Dantora.

Hao-en-tau-lung.

I never knew that.

He does the voice of Bini Chase.

What?

This is even better.

It's even better.

Yeah.

Give me a little of Bini Chase talking to E maybe your turtle.

I will be E.

Okay.

And what has turtle translated as?

Tortuga.

Of course.

I just saw him turn...

E- me.

Me.

Everyone of his lights it would be like, oh no, we did Bini and do that movie.

I just saw him turn...

...Gonavie.

You're like a burger.

How did he know?

It was just a turtle.

Hey, do you want to see those sneakers?

Yeah, hey.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.

Oh, wait, is that Johnny drama?

Johnny drama.

Yo, so he did that.

One drama.

Yo, so he did that.

One drama.

Hey, man, I'll see you.

Hey.

And then they were just saying put the hoodie.

Wait, who is that now?

No, you can do that movie.

I didn't just say put the hoodie.

Oh, is that a Jeremy Pivens character?

Yes.

What is that?

Puto?

Maybe I don't want to know.

Nick, do you know?

Yes.

I don't know.

But I don't...

I mean, I would think that puto means like whore.

Oh, okay.

But the whore, I'm the whore Jew.

Oh, I see.

I was maybe shy away from trying to...

Yeah, no, I can imagine.

But I don't know why you would shy away from it.

That's why he is easy.

He's the true.

Wow, you guys have such an interesting life.

I mean, it's so crazy.

But it's sad.

It's sad what happened.

But we lost our mother.

Obviously, your mother is a bicycle and couldn't stay alive as an argument.

She passed away.

Yeah.

And we are here.

Yeah.

We brought her ash.

Yes.

She had to try to get her buried in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery.

She wanted to be buried next to Estelle Gitti.

I can understand she was a big golden girl's fan or...

Maybe me next to Gitti, see?

Was she a big snapper my mom will shoot, man?

Shoot.

I lost.

I did the voice of Estelle.

Estelle, I love to hear your Sylvester Stallone conversation.

Ready to go.

Mary.

Wow.

Well, this is...

Estelle, Estelle, Salone in Latin America.

This is the top of my mom will shoot as pronounced by Jake.

Mary.

So are you having any luck bearing her in Hollywood Forever ?

It seems to me like if you have...

Yes, we went in there.

We took a shower.

No, anybody can go.

So I wonder, I do wonder if you were to walk into a cemetery with a shovel.

Would anyone be able to stop you or you go on...

Is this a rhythm?

But it's America.

The shovel is a doctor.

It's not against the law.

Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

No, to dig into a hole, it's not against the law.

Actually, it's against...

Well, yeah, that is super against the law.

I think there's like a proper property.

You can't hear yours.

And also there's like a zoo-dead body situation.

Who the fuck are these guys?

Come on.

Hey, these are the guys that you're dubbing.

Hey, me now.

Who the fuck are these guys?

You guys.

You don't do much...

You have some respect.

Don't overthink it.

You know, rocks are...

I do the voice of a rock-son.

Oh, in the league?

La Liga.

Yeah.

That show that no one watches.

Because they do not under some fantasy football.

No, they think it's fantasy soccer, which doesn't exist.

Yeah, of course.

Well, let's hear a little bit of Ruxin if you could.

Okay.

Well, very much, very sad.

Wow.

Well, guys, that's how he sounds in La Liga.

Yeah.

What about his hot wife who has no name?

She sounds...

Juby Juby...

Juby...

She singing Juby Zoom?

What an interesting company.

That was a great one because I thought she was only going to sound like Nick Crockett.

What did in Mexico, in the Mexican madmen, what is Jessica ...

Los rombre de Cenocados.

Yeah, what is she singing?

Obviously, she can't sing Juby, Juby, what was the song she sang?

No, it's a Mexican version of the song called...

Su...

La voracie, no roceta...

Su...

Conece...

B soon...

Conece...

B-E-A-C-O-O-O-B-S-U...

B-E-S-E-S-A-S-E.

Su-Sue Besso.

Su-Sue.

B-E-A-C-O-O-B-S-U...

And this like a nartenia...

It's a lot of...

Yeah.

The best thing about Los rombre de Cenocados is that it's not the weird...

The music in the beginning of the mamming in the US is...

B-E-A-C-O-O-O-O...

B-E-A-C-O-O-O...

It's because you want to have a good time.

You know I say it...

S-S-C!

When you're watching a TV show, you don't have a bad time.

No, you're wondering why it's in your life.

Actually, I would love to watch...

I would love to watch Mad Men in Mexico.

You would enjoy it.

Why don't you guys go down there when they're for a trip, you know?

You guys are friends.

You know what?

Why don't we take that boat?

Because number one, I'd like to hit that chili.

It's a... it's a pirate boat!

It's a ghost pirate boat!

Wait, it's a ghost pirate boat!

That's not...

Meaning that there are pirates on it and ghosts or ghosts of pirates.

Yeah, you're Juanita!

Juanita is there!

So wait, the ghost of Johnny Depp...

Eee!

...as his pirate character?

Eee!

Interesting.

He has been there for a...

Jeez!

Almost one...

...what is this?

Juhnidep has been dead for a thousand years!

Juhnidep...

His name is Johnny Depp.

Johnny Depp!

Okay, interesting.

You are so...

...on the Hollywood Bollywood.

Yes, we are going to see him.

We're going to dig him up.

We're going to dig him up on the Hollywood Bollywood.

We're going to make him...

Are you allowed to carry shovels on the boat?

Yes, we will take pink hot dogs.

You can bring...

...a year supply of pink hot dogs.

You can bring tools.

Can you bring a shovel to pink hot dogs?

This is the...

I wonder.

You can bring a shovel anyway.

If you were to show up...

Are you serious if you were to show up to pink hot dogs with a shovel in your hand?

If you were to show up with a shovel in your hand.

I think this is American splendor.

Well gosh, guys.

It's so interesting to meet you.

I just pulled your mati doing it.

Why does this put your mati doing here with a shovel?

With a shovel and a comic book.

This doesn't make any sense.

I got to ask Paul Giamatti about that.

He sent this on the show.

It's a...

...harby beaker.

Yeah.

Guys, this is so fascinating to meet you guys.

You learn something new about your friends every day.

I mean...

It is good to be here.

It's wonderful to be here.

With a...

...with a brother with my twin.

John and Nick, you guys were on the show...

...this show in episode 34.

And now it's episode 211.

Wow, that is crazy.

You know?

That was the first time you ever met...

...Tupacabra here.

Yes.

I had not had the four of them.

That was Elgato.

No, that was Elgato.

Repolo, Elgato.

Yeah.

And he busted in on us.

So crazy that I'd never brought up to...

...Joham.

Wachamong.

That I have.

My brother.

I've been working as him in Mexico.

Well, John, you never asked.

That's the thing.

That's so...

...it's only true.

It brings it back.

Like, let's...

Hey, guys, let's take an interest to each other.

Let's talk to our fellow man about what...

...you know, is happening.

You know, like, enough about work or...

...you know, about...

...we're all important.

Yeah, you know, but let's talk to each other about...

You know what, can I make an apology?

Sure.

I'm here.

Oh, oh.

I need a lot of lag in my house.

And a tuba car.

I want to apologize to you...

...for ruining our trip to Antarctica.

For fucking a penguin.

I was hell-bish.

And it was wrong with me after you had specifically said not to...

...put your big-eyed chili wheelie as you put it.

So...

Yeah, it was actually Chili Willy, the actual...

...was...

...he's down there.

He said...

...being celebrity in Antarctica, kind of the only one.

We brought him with us.

We brought him back.

Wait, Chili, oh, Chili Willy, you're here.

Chili.

Yes, please.

How do you feel about being...

...you know, raped, essentially, by...

...or maybe it was consensual.

Maybe I shouldn't just assume.

More pancakes?

Okay.

Wow.

Well, that's quite an apology, that was some heavy stuff.

Oh, that was some heavy stuff.

Oh, it's a cup of cabbal.

A cup of chili.

Yeah.

You're an apology, I saved.

I thank you.

I saved.

Oh, thank you, Chua, El Chua, Carbido.

It means a lot, it's a big weight off my bag.

Oh, it's good.

I could feel that you...

Yes.

A squad.

We're having a more...

So sorry to get it.

Okay.

Let's go get pinks.

Let's go do pinks, hot dogs, I get some pinks, hot dogs.

Let's go get pinks.

Are you in Chile?

Yes, please.

By the way, you guys know that the hot dogs aren't actually pink.

That's impossible.

Zero, please.

Can I get zero?

Chili Willy, I was always asking for syrup when I was violating him.

It was very unpleasant for him, and he kept asking for maple syrup as lubaricacin.

Lubaricacin.

Hey.

Well, guys, fantastic.

Thank you so much for coming down and sharing stuff about your life, and we're almost out of time here, but I do want to do one last thing on the show, and that's a little something called plugs, if that's okay.

And you're Cody, are we all set up for it?

Here we go.

Let's hear some plugs.

 Lock your shoulders and plug your website   Tell us what CT's your opinion  Perfect for madmen.

 30 seconds, come by   Let every listener will hear  Oh, that was a rare thing to be.

 Don't take too much time  Sorry, lad.

 And you will be fine   Comedy bang bang won't you be mine   Won't you be mine   What's up hot dogs  These guys are all pandering to you.

I loved it, though.

That was a burbershop test.

I love barbershop quartet.

In madmen, are we ever going to hear anyone doing barbers hop quartet?

No.

But it's from the 60s.

Yeah.

That's my...

He beloved barbershop quartet in the 60s.

But everybody in the 60s is in there.

It's 660 years old.

Do you?

Do the math.

That would be interesting if just people from every 60s era , from the 1960s, from the 1860s, from the 1760s.

We're all in one show.

Listen, you guys, it's possible.

That's a show I want to pitch.

Deadwood, madmen.

That's mine.

All right, so what are we going to plug?

John, obviously, madmen comes back.

Madmen, this Sunday night or a Sunday night?

This Sunday night, yeah.

And if you're listening to this show because of John and you're wondering...

Can I ask an honest question?

Yeah.

I don't know, Nick.

Can you?

May I ask an honest question?

Yes, I am.

If I haven't seen the previous season of madmen, or if I'm on season two, can I watch this or join me to catch up?

No, you don't need to catch up.

I think you'll be just as...

You're pretty much just dropped right into Don's life, you know, and you'll figure it out.

If you like Don Draper, if you like the character, you'll be just fine.

He's not that much different.

Okay, that's my second question.

If I don't, if it's not my favorite character to watch on this show...

Well, then you're just being an asshole.

If I'm like a roger guy.

Then you'll love it.

Yeah, you'll love it.

Yeah.

But if you're...

Yeah.

What if I'm a...

I don't know.

Like a peggy guy?

If I'm a peggy gay gal.

What if I'm a peggy gal?

I think it'll be just as excited.

Nick, are you a peggy gal?

I've always sort of pegged you as a peggy gal.

Yeah, I'm no pun intended.

Yeah, I know I'm a big peggy gal.

Now, does Al Pacino's character Phil Spector appear on this season of madmen like making creative...

That character that he created...

Yeah, he does.

The weird thing was, and again, I'm pretty sure no one will hear this, but we got Al Pacino.

You got it.

Yeah.

Wow.

He gats.

Is he wearing a long trench coat and a headband?

I want to talk about my black rumbles suit.

I want to make sure that black rumbles suit gets in this project.

I'm sorry, I should do my Adrian, by the way.

Oh yeah, let's hear it.

Wait, I thought it was so best just alone.

So, John, it's on Sunday.

It's Sunday, but it's in premiere.

It's two hours, right?

Two hours long.

It's a double wide episode, and it's very...

Is it two episodes put together, or is it actually...

No, it's an actual two hour episode.

That's great.

So it doesn't have a weird resolution in the middle of it.

No, it's a weird resolution.

So we get twice the commercials.

Do you know how it goes in Israel?

Do you know the madmen?

I'm pretty sure it goes right to the left.

Yeah.

And they're not madmen, they're just really disappointed.

They're just...

No, they're just weirdly...

It's all...

Standreper is an electronic salesman.

A bushy electronic salesman.

That's all every story is about cell phone chargers.

My friend, come on...

The best big deal.

What a big deal, you need three.

Take you, come on.

Take a three peg, come on peg.

This is bullshit.

Hey, peggy, zuby, zuby, zub.

John, are you hosting SNL this year?

No.

At least as far as I know.

Wait, you would be hosting it and you wouldn't know about it?

I lied, I don't know.

But no, the dates didn't matter.

When would they tell you, like the Friday before?

It's followed with sneezes wearing off.

If somebody falls out, then maybe...

You get the call when someone falls out.

That's because you're money in the bank.

You're my capital one.

You know a lot of those people and I'm very comfortable over there.

I like being there.

You should get back there.

Maybe for the next season.

John, you do a great job on the show.

Hey, Nick, thanks.

Maybe next year, maybe who knows?

Yeah, you know?

I don't want to spoil earlier, but SNL got canceled.

What?

35 years, they were like, you know what?

Greenblatt.

Greenblatt just.

Greenblatt was a good one.

He's laying waste and everything over there.

Not enough musical numbers.

I would like to see that when you get done with Mad Men.

Just go join the cast of SNL.

I would like to join the cast of Smash.

You know what?

Yeah.

I could watch you.

I'd do it.

Anything else you want to play?

You have movies coming up or anything like that?

Hey, John.

Hey, Nick.

You're great on Smash.

Thank you, Nick.

So sweet.

Anything else come out?

No, not at all.

Great.

And now moving on to Nickro.

Much more exciting.

He put his sunglasses on.

He's the sunglasses are back.

Do a little shade tip for me.

Um, cuffs.

What do I have coming up?

He did it as he said that.

And at the most adorable place.

Um, I don't have it.

Cuffs too?

Cuffs.

Um, I don't think that's coming out, to be honest with you.

I think it's going straight to, literally straight to VHS.

They're bringing back the VHS for an F4.

Cuffs too.

The rape of Shilly Willy.

Uh-huh.

Um, I'm shooting Croll Show, which will come out of time.

And the League, obviously.

The League will be back in the fall.

Um, shit.

You know, I can't wait for people to see my turn on Mad Men .

Yeah, it's going to be amazing.

Well, there were Nick.

I don't think it's crazy to say.

You can't say that.

Yeah.

What?

I didn't.

We were talking about that before John did it.

I didn't show.

I didn't show that Martin Luther King outfit yet.

Nick, you're singing it again.

Well, you play a guy who dresses up like Martin Luther King .

Martin Luther King impersonator.

Wow.

Who get Don murders.

Wait, Don.

Because he's black.

No, because he's black.

No, just he gets really upset with him at a party.

Yeah.

All right.

I want to, first of all, for plugs, I want to thank Paul Dixon.

Thank you so much, Paul.

You donated $100 to CBB.

We got something special coming to you.

And I have nothing else to plug other than look for a comedy bang bang TV show coming out this summer.

20 episodes.

We're in the middle of it.

We're halfway through today.

Congratulations.

Thank you so much.

I love the show Scott.

Thank you so John.

You were great on it and Nick, you were great on it.

You were both on it up together.

We were together, weren't we?

Yeah.

Last year.

We are like a duo.

Bakuah.

I also want to thank, I want to thank El Chupacabra.

El Chupacabra doesn't know that I stole Kukoriko from him.

You came out with it.

He came out with it.

I use it in the slats why when he's in the room and I've now just revealed.

It's okay.

I go Bakuah.

Bakuah.

That's what he thinks of my country.

Bakuah.

When do you think he's going to find out about Kukoriko?

I just did.

Oh, okay.

It's another thing to apologize.

It's okay.

We'll get the apology next time.

We'll break bread at Pink's.

Okay.

You'll just tear apart some hot dog bones.

All right guys.

We're not going to close up the plug bag this week.

We're just too much to get to.

So we're going to leave it open.

All those plugs are going to get out.

Sorry about that.

But that's the end of the show.

Guys, I want to thank you both.

And we will April Fool's to everyone.

Happy April Fool's.

This episode has all been a hoax.

Ha ha.

We got you.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

See you.

  This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.com.

 The Wolf Dead.
