---
layout: page
title: 212. Brendon Walsh, James Adomian, Neil Campbell [18522⧸21098].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Comedian Brendan Walsh, an old favorite on the show, he hasn't been on it a while, he is here and he says he has something new to talk about with his comedy.

Also, our old friend Neil Campbell is back co-hosting with me, plus a few surprises along the way.

All of that and more, all on today's...

♫ Comedy Bang Bang Theme Song ♫ Please don't eat the decorations, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang! Thank you so much to Casper Blaze for that catch phrase, please don't eat the decorations, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Was that you? Gee, that was our guest. We'll get to him in a second.

It's a great... what a marvelous day in Los Angeles and I love how no matter what the month, the weather is just perfect outdoors all the time, no matter what the month is.

And of course we won't say what that month is, but we have a fantastic show for you here today.

Not only do we have our guest that I'll introduce here in a second, but co-hosting the show with me and we're going to talk a little bit about what he's going to do in an upcoming segment.

But Neil Campbell from the UCB Theater is here.

Hello.

Also a writer in his own right.

Sure.

That would be accurate, I would say, yeah.

Yeah.

Also a person in his own right?

Mm-hmm. I'm... yes.

You are a separate human being from me.

Yeah, yeah. I'm my own soul.

That's true. We all have different souls. And that's... the interesting thing about people is not only are we different on the outside, but we all have different souls as well.

True. I mean, unless you believe in the collective soul theory.

Yeah, or have you ever listened to a collective soul record ?

Yeah. Or if you saw them open for Aerosmith at the Capitol Center in the 90s.

Right. Yeah, of course. What year would that have been?

When was Shine basically their only song?

Mm, 93?

I'm maybe going 95.

95? Okay.

Maybe. 94 or 95.

Neil Campbell is here. By the way, I am Scott Aukerman. I'm your host for the show.

If this is your first Comedy Bang Bang podcast, welcome. We 're going to have a lot of fun here.

We have comedians on and we just talk about... we just rap about stuff.

You know, that's the great thing about this is it's just a long, uninterrupted conversation with a few commercial breaks and interruptions, as well as some things interrupt ing the show from time to time.

But other than that, it's just a long, uninterrupted conversation. Also, we'll do games. That'll usually break it up a little bit. We'll have features in games.

But other than that, just a long, uninterrupted conversation between buddies. No stopping at all.

No.

We're like a runaway locomotive here coming into your earb uds or whatever. What are they calling them now?

Mmm, uh, Beats.

You're... what?

By Dre?

No. No, no. What is Apple calling them on these new iPhones ?

Oh, I don't know.

Their ear... don't know. Gosh, would have been a good pull.

All right, well, let's get to our first guest here. Yeah, he's grunting. You've heard him grunt. You love his grun ting, it's safe to say.

Sure.

Why don't we hear words out of him?

Like the evolution of man.

Sure.

So, from fish to human being, here he is. It's comedian Brendan Walsh.

Look at this motherfucker over here. Scott Aukerman. More like Scott Aukerman.

Neil Campbell wears your soup. Campbell's soup face.

That's good. He's funny.

I'm an insult comedian. Look at this motherfucker over here . Look at that shirt. Where's the curtains, bitch? Oh, you made a shirt out of them.

This motherfucker.

I have to say, Brendan, you've been on the show a few times . You're a fan favorite, safe to say. Neil?

Yeah, I'm a fan of the show and he is a favorite, so that is accurate.

Yeah, and this seems to be a new personality for you.

Nah, man, I've always been an insult comic. I just got a little more insulting.

Look at that. Whoa, somebody call your face and tell your face that there's somebody shit on your face or something.

Look at that shit face.

I don't know. We'll be talking to Brendan throughout the program.

Is that your wife over there, sir? She's a fat bitch.

Sir, who are you talking to?

I'm just practicing my audience rap.

It sounds like you're doing an ethnic voice as well.

No, no, no, no.

No, we want to make that clear.

This is my voice. This is an insulting voice.

If it sounds ethnic, it's probably your earbuds.

Oh, right. If you're listening to Dre Beats, Beats by Dre.

Beat your wife.

I don't know.

This is not, by the way, Brendan Wallace is one of our great comedians. This is not the way he normally acts.

If you go to see Brendan Wallace, is this what people are going to see from now on in your act?

This is what you get. You sit your ass down and get insulted by B-Money Dubby.

B-Money Dubby. Let me work this out. Hold on.

B, the B obviously stands for Brendan.

Oh, genius alert.

Oh, a genius alert just went off.

That's good.

Hey, all right. Great. All right. So then money. Money probably signifies...

It's what I get paid.

Oh, social status.

It's what he gets paid, yes.

Yeah, what he gets paid. Okay.

Dubs, dubs. Okay, now that could stand for so many things.

Of course, we know W, but I don't want to stop there.

Dubs is what happens when you take something, a sound that already exists and layer another sound over it.

Perhaps what he's trying to say is that he's taking his old personality as a comedian and layering a new personality of this insult comedian over it.

Is that what dubs means?

W, dummy.

Oh, it is the W.

B-Money Dubby.

Sit your fat ass down, bitch.

I mean, we have fat asses, but we're sitting down already.

We are already sitting down, yeah.

My bad. My bad.

So B-Money Dubs, do you have like a catchphrase? Like do you call people the way Rickles calls them hockey pucks? Is there anything specific?

I mostly do a lot of shirt humor.

Nice shirt. What are you going to join the Navy? Navy blue shirt?

Neal does have a Navy blue shirt on.

It's true. I was thinking of joining the Navy.

Yeah, that's interesting because, you know, when you're a comedian, you're usually standing above them on a stage.

They're at a, sometimes eating at a table. You can't really see their pants.

I think shirt comedy is kind of the way to go.

Everybody wear a shirt to a show.

Otherwise they'd be kicked out, I think.

Well, not at MTV's Beach House.

Oh, sure. That's true. Yeah, don't play at MTV's Beach House, whatever you do.

All right.

You got me. You got me.

He said he won't.

I don't know how we got you. We just gave you some advice and you took it.

Yeah. MTV Beach House can suck the bozak.

Yeah. Suck on it, Beach House.

What's a bozak?

You got sand all over your house, you stupid beach.

I don't know about this.

Son of a bitch.

More like the bitch house.

I like to work out my insults. I like to talk them through sometimes. I don't do all the work in my head.

I will say, though, never mind. You should play the beach house now. You've got that down.

Yeah, that's right. You have your chunk already.

Beach House, more like bitch house. That's what I open with .

That's good.

That's what you open and close with because I think that's all we need to hear.

Good night, bitches. Have fun in the bitch house. Get in your periods and whatnot.

Good. That's what happens there.

Probably.

Have you read that book, I Want My MTV? That's a whole chapter devoted to all the girls that got their periods at the beach house.

Oh, no. That was the beginning of the end, I guess.

And they actually, much like the Kiss comic book where they used some of the band members' blood in the printing press, they used all that blood from the beach house.

Period blood.

Just in that chapter, just those pages.

Now I gotta read it.

I mean, I kind of told you what happened in all of it. I'm sorry. I know it should have been a spoiler.

Well, it's all right. What about the Kindle version? Is it still...

Yeah, no, they...

Is the digital ink?

Kindle. More like spindle. Spindle of dookie spindle. More like it.

Interesting. Could be more like it.

How much longer are you going to do this persona, Brendan?

I've been meaning to ask you.

I mean, it just started, it seems at the top of the show, and at what point does it wear out its welcome?

I think it did about three, four minutes ago.

No, come on. You're always welcome here to do whatever you 're working on.

I mean, it's my new persona, guys. Come on. I need to get paid.

This is, you know, I didn't really have a defining thing about my...

Your comedy is more of, how would you describe your previous act, your former act?

Observational?

It was mostly observational of other people's hot comedy.

I was a hack. I would steal other people's jokes.

Oh, okay.

Finally, okay? I came clean.

Just like Jay Moore in his Saturday Night Live book.

That's right.

That one I read.

I read that too.

By the way, he uses his turds in the pages of that book.

Instead of the blood?

Instead of the blood.

The one with the font was so big.

Tyria.

So you, your, yeah, so this is your old act was just kind of hacky and lame, and this is the new one?

Well, the old act, yeah, it was hacky and lame, okay?

This is an option for the new one? Is this a choice? You're definitely going with this?

I think I'm going with it. I think I'm good at it.

Have you tried it so far in front of anyone?

I did it, just did it for you guys.

So this debut?

This is a little bit of a dry run.

A little dry run, is that what you call it?

Yeah.

Yeah. That's not what Jay Moore would call it with his turd s.

Call it a wet dookie run.

Yeah.

Interesting. So how do you think it's going?

I think it's going pretty good. What do you guys, I mean, I really, I really slammed both of your shirts pretty good.

I definitely felt insecure about what I was wearing.

Yeah.

Is that the intended effect?

Mm-hmm.

I was sweating it.

It gets people like, you know, you dominate the other people, and then they know who's in charge, and they'll respect you as a performer.

It's like a dog who comes over and jumps on another dog's back and tries to have sex with it.

That's what you're doing comedically.

Yeah. I'm butt-fucking everybody's dog ass with my comedy.

Say it in the new persona.

Ha! Ha-ha! I'm a butt-fucking dog ass with my comedy, dummy ! Ha-ha!

Stupid dog ass. Watch you drag your ass across the carpet, dumb dog.

Ha-ha! Get you euthanized and shit. Ha-ha!

Hey, Brandon, can you take your headphones off for a second ? I want to have a private conversation with Neil, if that's okay.

Oh, yeah. No problem.

Yeah, okay. Hey, Neil.

Yes, Scott?

Yeah?

This is not going well.

I mean, it's really insulting.

It's not only is it insulting, but I think that, I mean, maybe it's just me, but for me, insult comedians should pay just as much attention to the comedy part as they do in the insults, and he doesn't have any clever insults.

Yeah, he's more of an insult expert, I would say.

Yeah, he's just like a rude- An insultarian.

Yeah, a rude guy who is insulting people.

Rude. Crude, I would also add.

He's also a dude.

I would say he's pretty full of dude.

He seems to be in a bad mood.

I don't know. Do we tell him?

I don't know. I think he's working it out. That's what this show is for.

Also, I don't really give a shit about him, like, personally.

Mmm.

So, I don't, maybe we just, maybe we just let him do it.

Yeah, I guess I, well, I have no empathy for my fellow man, so.

Oh, that's right. You're sort of a weird robot.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah. Huh. All right, well, hey, Brandon, put those headphones back on if you could.

Ha! Front desk? Ha-ha! Stupid bitch working the front desk out here. Ha-ha!

Just insulting people in the office now.

Get on the back desk! Ha-ha! Yeah. Yeah, get underneath that desk!

Get on the bozak! Ha-ha-ha!

Kathy, you don't have to get underneath your desk.

He's just, he's working some comedy out.

Hey, man.

Hey.

Thanks for being here, man. I love- That front desk lady's nice. Kathy?

Kathy, she's great.

She's nice.

Yeah, she's really nice. Why did you insult her?

Oh, just for comedic's sake?

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, okay. Do you go to the people after you insult them and you let them know that you didn't really mean it?

I'll send them something, usually.

Every single person in your audience?

Send them a little card or whatever.

Some flowers?

Yeah, because there's comment cards at all the clubs and people. I'll just, they'll make an announcement to write down your address.

Okay.

And I'll send a little something to everybody.

An edible arrangement sometimes?

Depends how hard I slam you.

Right.

If I really insult you.

You keep track, too, of every person in the audience.

Wow, so that's a great incentive for people to actually come to your shows.

Yeah, you get a little gift or a button, pin, some chocol ates.

Hmm. What else?

Well, you know, if I really insult you and you're a woman, I might send you some flowers and a box of tampons.

Hmm. Great. They'd appreciate that.

Yeah.

Yeah. What else?

Form and function.

If, like, there was one guy in Atlantic City that I sent him...

A new car!

I love that. How bad did you insult him?

I really tore him a new butthole.

Oh, my God.

Yeah.

I want to hear about it. What'd you say?

Well, he didn't have a butthole. He was born. He had a birth defect where he had no butthole.

So you sort of did him a service.

This is a favor.

Yeah.

Was this, like, a benefit for him?

It was a benefit for people without buttholes.

Oh, and you raised a lot of money and then gave him a car as well?

Well, yeah. I raised a lot of money for the people without buttholes, and then I tore it.

Well, that was the whole idea, was, like, they'd get all the people without buttholes into the auditorium.

Yeah.

And they would all get new buttholes torn by me.

Yeah.

Using your words or a scalpel?

Using my words. Yeah. It didn't really work out. So the one guy, I hit him in the backside with the microphone stand.

Oh, okay. And just, like, pop. Just kind of, like...

Kind of popped a butthole out. But it wasn't really a functioning butthole, and it got infected and stuff.

Oh, yeah. I bet all that diarrhea that had been just sitting there forever, and just collecting and just, like ...

Yeah.

I guess.

Yeah, I didn't think about that. People without buttholes are basically just diarrhea pinatas walking around.

Yeah, and also that microphone now, it's unusable as far as I'm concerned.

I think they just Pure-L'd it.

Oh, great.

It was available for the open mic the next day.

Oh, cool.

What's that venue?

It's the Atlantic City Auditorium.

Oh, yeah. Great venue.

Great open mic.

When you're a performer, you dream of doing the Atlantic City Auditorium.

Yeah. The open mic there.

The Carnegie Hall and the Atlantic City Auditorium open mic .

Not in that order.

Yeah. No reverse.

Yeah, reverse. In that reverse order.

Well, that's great, man. So we got a new butthole, we got a new car. What about all the other people who needed butth oles?

I don't know. I mean, the money we raised is going towards that.

That's great, man.

Mm-hmm.

Good cause? Comedy for a cause.

Well, it's all about giving back, you know?

Yeah, totally.

We all have pretty blessed lives.

Sure.

We really do.

Yeah. How great is your life, man?

It's not going very good.

Oh, shit. What's happening?

My butthole's sealed up.

Are you one of those people without buttholes?

Well, I was born with one.

Comedian, heal thyself.

Seriously, get that Atlantic City Auditorium microphone back and just pop yourself a new butthole, man.

I'll be all right.

You're cool?

Yeah, I'm cool.

How much diarrhea do you have in you?

I'm noticing it's like half of your eyes are brown.

Really?

Yeah, it's like raised all the way up to almost the top of your head, man.

You need to pop yourself a butthole.

Is that the way the human body works?

Yes.

I think so.

Kathy has a pen if you need.

Kathy!

Get over here, you fat bitch!

Oh, well, now she's fine.

Yeah, sorry, Kathy.

Why are you crying, dummy?

He doesn't mean...

Get your hand out of your...

Get your face out of your hands.

You're never going to get a pen from Kathy anymore.

It's terrible.

I'm rubbing this jelly doughnut all over my ass crack.

All right, Brendan.

Well, you know, we have to take a break here for a second, but a great segment is that character.

Oh, well, thanks, guys.

Yeah, I think it's working out.

Yeah, for sure.

For sure.

And, Neil, you have something we're going to do in a couple of segments.

You're an author now?

Is that...

Well, I've been doing an autobiographical show based on...

Oh, yeah.

Oh, great.

So people can hear that in just a second.

So we'll be right back with some Brendan Walsh.

We'll be right back with Neil Campbell after this with a little more Comedy Bang Bang.

When are you most productive?

Are you most productive when you're jogging?

When you're playing with your children?

No!

You're most productive when you're working from your desk.

So leaving that desk to go to the post office just slows you down.

And that, my friends, is why you need Stamps.com.

With Stamps.com, you can buy and print official US postage right from your desk, which has your computer and printer sitting on it.

So that is so convenient because if you keep those things on your desk, you never leave your desk.

How many more times can I say desk?

Stamps.com will send you a digital scale, which you'll keep on your desk, which automatically calculates the exact postage you need for any letter or package, any class of mail, even if you're mailing a desk.

And you will never waste valuable time going to the post office again.

Do everything right from your desk with Stamps.com.

Print the postage you need, put it on your letter or package, which are laying on your desk, then just hand it to your mail carrier, picking it up from your desk and handing it to him, and you are done.

Alright, I use Stamps.com on my own desk to send out merchandise for this very show.

And right now, if you're at your own desk, you can use my promo code, which is BANG BANG, not DESK DESK.

It's BANG BANG for this special offer.

You get a no-risk trial plus a $110 bonus offer, which includes that digital scale on your desk, and up to $55 worth of free postage.

So please, don't wait.

Don't get up from your desk, but go to Stamps.com using the computer on your desk, and before you do anything else, click on the microphone at the top of the homepage, type in on your keyboard that's lying on your desk, type in BANG BANG, that is Stamps.com, enter BANG BANG, and I'll see you, never at the post office, but rather at your desk.

Comedy BANG BANG, we are back here with Brendan Walsh and, uh, Neil Campbell, my co-host, Neil Campbell, you know, is a writer on my television show, Comedy BANG BANG.

That's right.

Yep, and, uh, Brendan Walsh is here, and, uh, he's, he's sort of in and out of a new character.

Well, professionally, I'm, I'm an insult.

You're in it.

Yeah, I'm in it.

But here on this podcast, you're sort of in and out.

A little peek behind the curtain.

Yeah, I'll give, give people a little peek behind the curtain.

People love not only hearing comedy, like you would, you know, on TV, in a comedy club, but they love hearing the process of how people make comedy .

They can't get enough of it, and that's what this podcast is all about.

The journey is the reward.

Yeah, exactly.

So, uh, we're just kinda, uh, hanging out with Brendan.

We're gonna be with him for another hour of this insult comedy stuff, so, uh...

60 minutes!

Ha ha!

More like one hour, dummy!

Ha ha!

Good.

Yeah.

And, uh, take your headphones off for one more second if you could.

Oh, yeah, no problem.

Brendan, is that cool?

Yeah.

We're gonna take 60 more minutes of this.

I know.

How are we gonna do this?

I mean, maybe we could trade off taking naps.

Okay, who gets first watch?

Oh, man, I got tricked into doing it first.

Hey, Kathy!

Ha ha!

Hey, Kathy, you big fat cow, get over here!

No, Kathy, you're not, no, she's not, she, Kathy's a beautiful woman.

Got a phone call!

Ha ha!

It's your mama!

She told you to shut the fuck up!

Ha ha!

Neil, wake up, man.

Wake up.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, wake up.

I'm sorry, I can't do this alone.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I just feel left, I feel stranded out in the dark.

Okay, I'll join, I'll help out.

Okay, hey, Brendan, go ahead, put your, put your headphones back on, man.

What'd you guys say?

Ha ha ha!

Oh, put my headphones on?

Put your headphones back on.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, put your headphones on, yeah, thank you.

Put them on!

Kathy's really upset out there.

Yeah, man, I don't...

That's what you're doing.

No, I don't think so, I think she's got...

She brought it in.

Because her mom, apparently her mama called just to tell her to shut the fuck up.

Wait a minute, are these not...

I answered the phone when Kathy was in the bathroom and her mom called.

These aren't insults?

Everything I've said to Kathy's been completely factual.

I've just been doing it and I've been practicing my voice.

Where do you get your information from?

From...

About all these people?

Just the internet, a lot, the internet, or just from personal information.

So you Google, I don't think she's actually, in fact, a fat cow.

That would seem more of an insult, calling a human a cow.

Huh.

Well, I mean, I don't know.

What do you have to say to that, Brendan?

Look at her Wikipedia page.

She says she's a fat cow right there.

Neal, do you mind bringing up her Wikipedia page here for a second?

Sure.

Kathy with a K.

Oh, Kathy with a K, right.

Hold on.

Yeah, just putting K-A-T-H-Y and it'll come right up.

Okay.

It's actually K-A-T-H-I.

Oh, sorry.

You don't even know your front desk lady's name?

Well, come on, man.

Now who's insulting?

Yeah, that's true.

Oh my God, wait a minute.

Read the...

Kathy, who works at Earwolf, at the front desk is a big fat cow?

Okay.

First line.

Let's see, look here.

Last edited 80 seconds ago.

Oh, I get it.

By B-Money Dubs.

Well, anybody can edit Wikipedia pages and once you put it on there, it's a fact, so...

Oh, but here's what's happening.

You're going around changing every audience member's Wikipedia pages to reflect what you've insulted them as?

Well, to reflect the new facts that have arisen.

This is a lot of work, man.

I gotta say.

This is a lot of work.

Well, you gotta work hard, man.

You get out of it what you put into it.

You're out there editing every audience member's Wikipedia page.

You're sending every audience member a gift afterwards.

Mm-hmm.

I mean...

Well, not every.

Some people, they get...

Some escape your...

Yeah, they escape.

They don't get any wrath.

Escape your wrath.

Yeah.

Huh.

I don't know.

I mean, you used to just do jokes.

Yeah.

That was fun, but, you know, I'm constantly evolving.

It seems like you've evolved once.

In this.

Constantly, yeah.

Huh.

Constantly been in this evolution to turning into a butterfly that insults people.

Huh.

A lot of comedians say that they're constantly evolving.

I think it just means they're writing new jokes all the time.

Yes.

And getting older.

I'm doing a whole new hour now.

Whole new...

Yeah.

I mean, it's all insults.

Wow.

And you're saying this is the first time you've ever tried them?

Yeah.

And yet you also said you were doing this before.

Ha!

Stop poking holes in my story, Scott Aukerman.

Ha ha.

Got a bird's nest for a hairdo filled with birds.

Ha ha.

Bird dookie in your hair.

Ha ha.

Have you actually felt insulted at all, Scott?

Uh, hold on.

Look at your Wikipedia page.

I'm looking at my Wikipedia page right now.

Scott Aukerman is an American podcast host, television personality...

Ooh, they noticed.

Hey, there we go.

Huh.

Uh, raconteur?

Wow.

Mm-hmm.

Gosh.

Handsome person?

Oh, there we go.

Wow.

Who has a bird's nest for hair.

And bird dookie!

And bird dookie.

And look, look what it says about your shirt.

It's made out of curtains.

Made out of curtains.

Looks like it's made out of curtains.

He exclusively wears a shirt made out of curtains?

Huh.

B-dubs.

Hey, your shoes don't have no shoelaces in them, dummy.

Ha ha.

That's just true.

That is accurate.

Oh, look!

All of a sudden this appears.

There it is.

And your shoes don't have shoelaces on them, which is accurate.

Because he's a dummy.

God.

Wow.

You're a fast typer also, I have to say.

Yeah.

I do have to say, yeah.

I got the new iPhone.

Have you ever considered maybe just like, you know, doing office work and typing things for people?

I mean, you're really good at it.

Yeah.

I, you know, if the comedy thing doesn't work out.

I...

Maybe Kathy, it looks like Kathy's left her desk.

Do we tell him, Neil?

Maybe I can be the front desk person.

That is not working out.

Do we tell him?

Uh...

What's that?

Do I take my headphones off?

No.

In fact, do the opposite.

Keep them on.

Oh, okay.

Neil and I have something to tell you.

Neil, go ahead.

Uh...

Uh oh, Neil!

Get on your knees, Neil!

You're kneeling all the time!

Pray to God!

Pray to regular God and or Jewish God!

Ha ha!

Okay, Scott, I know we were about to get out of comedy, but that was gold.

His headphones are still on!

Neil's right.

We were gonna tell you that this new insult thing is not very...

Not very good.

What?

It's kind of off...

Great?

Ahh...

No, it's kind of off-putting.

There's no real jokes in your jokes, which for my money, if you have a word called jokes, you want jokes in that word.

You know what I mean?

And your jokes don't have jokes in them.

Right.

You guys just don't get it.

No, believe me, we really get it.

Really?

Yeah.

Because you think you're like alternative comedy guys or something?

No, no.

I think that of myself, yes.

Oh, you do?

That's interesting.

Sure.

Well, it's so strange how people view themselves.

Yeah, well, I'm not in the mainstream.

That's true.

You're a little off kilter.

Yeah.

Mainstream!

Okay.

Swim down there with a fish, you dumb fish fucker!

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

That's the other thing is you're cursing a lot and it's not really that kind of show.

We don't really curse that much on the show.

Really?

Yeah, and you know, honestly, I loved the old Brendan.

You had great jokes, great material.

You know, you had passion for what you were doing.

I mean this guy that you're doing, I don't know, just...

No dice?

Wait, were you trying to do dice?

Oh, hey!

I get it.

Well, Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet eating her curds and whey .

Along came a spider, sat down beside her, said, hey, what's in the bowl, bitch?

America thought that was really clever at one point.

At one point?

Isn't that weird?

The 80s?

Yeah.

That's weird, isn't it?

It's like 87, I think.

Yeah, the 80s, man.

Remember like, come on and rock me on my dais?

Oh, yeah.

Remember, she blinded me with science.

Science!

Hey, remember that Diet Coke commercial with the guy who played Alfred the butler in Batman?

Yeah, playing Alfred the butler in Batman.

Yeah, he wasn't himself in that commercial.

No, no, he was Alfred Pennyworth.

Remember when AIDS came out too?

Yeah, yeah.

Well, anyway, man, so we just want you to stop that.

Stop the insult thing?

Yeah, stop the insult thing and apologize to Kathy if you could.

Well, I think she left the building.

Like Elvis, remember that time you did that?

How could I forget?

So no more insults?

Yeah, no more insults.

Maybe, what if I just feel really inspired and...

If you have one, like tell you what, I'll give you two more until the end of the show.

Really?

Yeah, that's all you got.

So make them count.

Oh, boy.

You know what I mean?

Much like Schindler's List, make it count.

Yeah.

Ha, shit!

Okay, no.

That doesn't count as one.

That doesn't count as...

Okay, all right, you get one warning.

So that's your warning.

Okay, all right.

All right, tell you what, let's take a break.

Maybe you could find Kathy and apologize to her while we take this break?

All right.

We're going to come right back with a little more Brendan Walsh, the real Brendan Walsh, and Neil Campbell.

We'll be right back.

Yeah.

Comedy bang bang, we're back with Brendan Walsh, the real Brendan Walsh.

Yeah.

Boy, it's good to have you back, buddy.

I caught Kathy in the parking lot.

Everything's cool.

That's great.

Yeah.

Boy, yeah.

Her and her fat ass.

I don't know what I was thinking, really.

Now, you're contagious.

She is heavy, and it is...

Yeah.

I don't know what I was thinking.

But you know, that's just hell.

Here we are, and we're going to figure out what's really happening here, because it's fucked up.

Let people burst in.

Yeah, usually we do.

Who's this guy?

Hey, mate, it's me.

It's Gordon Ramsay, and I've been listening to the program.

I've been monitoring it.

It's not fucking working.

Oh my God, it is Gordon Ramsay.

Gordon Ramsay from Kitchen Nightmares and Hotel Hell?

That's right, mate.

I've been watching the program.

I've been watching through the door, and it's just terrible .

What you're doing?

What are you doing here?

You're just little...

You're fucking it up.

You're just sitting there.

You're calling a podcast, and you're just doing nothing.

You're just laying around, lobbing little lobby lobs like a little pork stuffed cunt.

Wow.

What's all that beef going?

What the fuck is happening?

What are those beeping?

What is that beeping happening?

Yeah, it's a little trap.

Look, I'm always censored, okay?

I censor my fucking self because I have my pussy mouth, and I don't need my fucking shit spilling out.

Oh, so wait, so this is not something Fox does on your shows?

This actually just comes out of your mouth now?

No, it was too much work.

I produced so many shows, and I want to point this out, Scott.

I love what you do.

You could be better.

You could have more than a shit pile, which is what this is .

That's why you brought me on.

I didn't bring you on.

You just kind of wandered into this.

I was brought up.

Then you know what?

Then your boss brought me on because he knew that this wasn 't fucking working.

This isn't a kitchen or anything.

It's not a kitchen.

I do kitchens.

I do kitchen nightmare.

I do Hell's Kitchen.

I also do Hotel Hell, and now I'm doing pod crap because what you're facing here is pod crap.

So you're going to come in and improve the podcast?

That's right, mate.

Get your head on.

Get straight.

Is this because of my insult guy?

I think it might be.

Get your fucking head out of your fucking ass.

How do you do that?

Because we wait.

Let's try to curse ourselves.

Let me try to curse and see if it comes.

No.

Fuck.

No.

Get your fucking head out of your fucking ass.

Yeah.

It's not happening to me.

Pussy mouth.

I can't fucking believe it.

You're going to sit here and lob swear words across the table.

Like you're just fucking around.

They're not at you.

I just wonder how you do that.

Did you swallow like some sort of bleep box?

Mate, I know it's not against me because if it were against me, I'd be right over this table and be shoving that microphone down your fucking little pig's throat.

Wow.

I mean, guys, I don't mean, but I mean, I think my insult guy was way less rude than this real guy.

Yeah, I know.

What are you doing?

You're Brendan.

You're wishy washy.

You don't know what you're doing.

You have a character.

You're dropping it.

It's a fucking podcast.

It made me drop it.

Yeah, we wanted him to drop it.

So you think that he's not doing it.

It's your job.

You pick a character and you stick with it.

What is your shit?

I don't know who to listen to.

And where did it come from out of your fucking shit?

Mr. Ramsey, come on, man.

You don't just wander into this.

And you're in charge of this and you're letting them run am ok like you're a soft cunt.

You don't wander into this place and you just insult us all .

I mean, come on, man.

You're being a jerk.

You're a soft cunt.

You're a shaved piece of Italian ice cream cunt and I'm sending it back.

No one asked you to be here.

I know on those other shows they need help or whatever.

You just kind of...

Trust me, mate.

I need help.

I'm looking at a microphone here right now.

What do you call this?

A fucking microphone?

Yeah, it's a microphone.

It's like a $500 microphone.

I would never speak into this microphone.

You're speaking into it right now.

I would never speak into this microphone.

I just take the cover off.

Look, there's bugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these bugs underneath the microphone cover.

Oh my God.

There's just teeming with termites.

You call this your place of business?

I didn't know that there were...

Are you ashamed of this because you fucking should be.

All the silverfish that are coming out of it.

It's a silverfish.

And look, I'm going to have to lick it off.

You're going to lick this off?

Please, sir.

There must be a better way to eat that.

You're eating bugs.

I thought I was just going to be silverfish crawling around the studio.

So let them crawl around the studio.

You don't have to eat...

You don't even work here.

You have no stake in this.

Look, mate, if you're not going to fucking do it because you're a fucker, then I'm going to have to be a fucking fucker of silverfish.

Wait a minute, Gordon Ramsay.

You just want to come in and find bugs in places and eat them.

Hey, mate, maybe that's what needs to happen.

Look at these sound cushions.

Sound cushions on the wall?

You have these fucking sound cushions.

So the sound doesn't bleed into our other studios.

And look, you peed it back and there's a big state of fucking back there.

Well, I mean, yeah.

I tried to come back here and I tried to...

You tried to come back there?

I came back here to scout the place and I tried to have a nice wank right here.

But there's somebody else who's already been fucking fucking.

Wait a minute, wait a minute.

Let me hold on.

Let me taste this.

That's your cum.

That is yours.

That's right.

You have...

Truffle oil in it.

There's no locks on the door.

Anybody can just come in here and cum on your fucking sound cushions.

Wait a minute.

You can't criticize this show for things you did to it.

And hold on, who put...

And you're the voice of fucking reason.

Who put those silverfish in the microphone?

Neil, take off your cushion.

I'm going to take off mine for a second.

Hold on.

There's no silverfish in either of ours.

None of them are here.

Look at this.

You call this a swivel chair?

Yeah, I do.

Sure.

Just look.

It doesn't have oil greasing it.

It's a big pile of shit.

I'm starting to think that we...

Somebody's been sitting on your chairs and shitting on them .

Yeah, someone needing you.

Listen, mate.

You're supposed to sit on chairs.

You're not supposed to shit on chairs.

Get it fucking straight.

That's actually a good one.

Unscrew your cocks and fun fuck your fucking pussy.

Mr. Ramsey.

Is there anything I can do?

I mean, he's being way dirtier than I was as my...

That's what you asked.

What can I do?

Well, I would love to make the podcast better.

So you're just here to help.

You don't have a point of view.

You don't have a decision.

Not really.

Not good.

No.

You're just there to be a little piggy pig.

Look at you.

Phased it that way.

You're sitting there like a little squirrely pig.

Look how stupid you look.

Yeah, dumb motherfucker.

Oh, okay.

That's your one.

That's mine too.

None of this is constructive.

Look, mate.

Here's construction for you.

Look at this fucking mirror.

Look at that.

Do you see how you have that little piggy pig face?

Little pig nose?

That's just a picture of a pig.

It's a... look, but it's reflective.

Yeah, you can't call...

No, it's not reflective.

You can't call a picture of a pig a mirror.

Oinkity oink.

You're a little oinker and you've got a stuffed c**t.

None of that was constructive.

None of it's even true.

That doesn't help me improve the show.

Mr. Ramsey, is it okay if I use some of this in my new insult act?

Oh my... cut this stuff.

Hey, mate.

Don't call me Mr. Ramsey, okay?

Chef Ramsey?

It's Dr. Chef Ramsey.

Dr. Chef Ramsey, can I use the...

Call me Gordon.

Ah, Gordon, what are you doing here?

I'm just trying to get a little bit of a...

I mean, is there... I mean, I'm open to criticism.

I've always wanted to...

I consider every single show I do, I want to make it better than the last one.

I should hope you would be because you're getting nothing but it.

Okay.

If you heard any of the comments on the internet...

Okay.

Everybody goes, there's silverfish and crickets hopping about.

They do not!

Wait, there's crickets somewhere?

There's crickets!

You can hear them, they're hopping about.

I have heard some crickets.

I have heard some crickets ever since I walked in here today.

Where are they?

Wait, open your mouth really wide without saying anything.

Oh, that's where the cricket sounds come in.

There's a cricket hive, a cricket nest inside his mouth.

Oh.

Geez Louise.

I'm f***ing Beelzebub.

This guy's gross.

Okay, I thought so.

So you're Satan?

I'm lord of the flies.

I'm cricket, silverfish, and horseflies.

And I sit around jacking off my jacket, he c***s.

So Satan, you take the form of Gordon Ramsay, or just Gordon Ramsay doesn't exist and...

Why do you think it's Hell's Kitchen?

Why do you think it's a kitchen nightmare?

Tell Hell.

Oh geez.

666 Park Avenue.

Yes, all these things Gordon Ramsay is involved in.

All these things, he's been giving us signals and clues the entire time.

That's right, it's Mephistopheles and I'm here to clean up your f***ing podcast.

You should take leadership here.

What are you doing, Scott?

You've got your finger in your own c*** while you're j acking off your f***ing grandmother's c***er.

I mean...

I guess...

You look stupid.

I think it's pretty good.

Look at your f***ing c***, doesn't it look stupid?

Scott, don't pull your cock out.

I just want to take one look.

Don't do what he says.

How are you supposed to jack off on your own sound cushions when your c*** looks like it never even graduated?

If I could interject, nobody's supposed to be jacking off in here.

I don't think.

Does that now become the goal instead of the thing that's wrong with the place?

It looks like it might as well be because on message boards they say it sounds like people are just shooting c***.

That is true.

Look, my father started this podcast 35 years ago.

He worked hard his whole life for me and he gave me this podcast...

And you may as well have taken him out of his shallow grave ...

And shoved it up his a**.

...and sh** you sh** in his f***ing skull.

You know, he's not dead but he does sleep in a shallow grave.

I'm glad you know that about him.

Dirt's cool.

But, uh, I mean I want to make him proud.

Look mate, I want to make him proud too.

You want to make him proud?

I do.

Here's what you do.

Take the sh** that you dumped on his f***ing skull corpse, stuff it back up into your f***ing sh** hole, and I'm going to turn the lights off and we're going to turn on an ultraviolet light and we're going to show you how much f***ing c*** and butt juice there is here.

I love this guy.

Look, I'm going to turn the lights off and turn on the ultraviolet light.

Now look at this.

Oh man, it's just all over your face.

This c***, this f***ing cr*** is all over.

Look.

It's dripping off of you.

Now I'm going to...

Oh, he's a... wow.

Look at that.

It's all over your penis.

It's just ejaculating.

It's a big stain of c*** right on your f***ing table.

You just came on our table.

He just comes on the table.

There's footprints everywhere you've walked.

And you're going to have celebrities come and sit down here .

Alright, well what do I do?

How can I change?

Look, you need to stop...

Can you, by the way, turn off the ultraviolet light and turn the light back on, would you like to see where the c*** is coming from?

No, it's just coming from you and it's very, very distracting.

It's dripping off of your mouth.

I would just please...

Kathy, turn the light back on.

Alright mate, so now does it make you more comfortable to be hiding it?

Kathy has cum on her back.

Wait a minute, Kathy?

Somebody came on Kathy.

Come on, man.

Kathy's a pig.

She's a little piggy pig with a little piggy p***y.

I got in trouble for saying that.

She has a p***y little piggy pig.

Oh, God.

Kathy, get unstuffed.

I love this guy, he's great.

I know, what do I do?

Scott, if you want to fix this, you gotta look at yourself.

Okay.

What are you doing?

You want to do a podcast?

Yeah.

Or you want to do a f***ing c***ling contest?

Because let me tell you...

Both?

You got bugs, mate.

Neither?

I do have bugs.

And look, there's little wormy worms coming out of your nipples.

Wait a minute.

Holy, how did you do that?

Look, I told you.

He is the devil, he could probably do spells and stuff.

That's true.

Just spells?

He's not omnipotent?

Boo!

Biggity, biggity, boo!

Oh my God.

Oh, what happened to Neil?

He's an a**hole now.

I'm going to do a f***hole.

That's great.

This is great.

So now, mate, when you're ready to get f***ed, it's proper.

Change him back, please.

This is unsettling.

I'll change your back.

He's just a giant a**hole.

But your soul's still going to be an a**hole.

Interesting.

Mr. Dr. Ramsey chef?

It's Gordon, you f***ing godf***er.

This is great.

Have you ever run?

Do you want to work at the Atlantic City Auditorium with me ?

Next July.

It's booked up, but I do an insult act and you'd be great as an opener.

You think I just do insults?

Just an opener?

He's the devil.

Well, I mean, he hasn't really done any.

You have to convene for about 10 years or so.

Look, mate, here's what you're going to have to do.

I'm going to have to have full accommodations, right?

Full accommodations and I'm going to complain about everything.

And I have to give you my own TV show where I get to complain about that show.

That's great.

Done.

We have to shoot eight episodes during the run of your show .

You're going to complain about your own TV show and interrupt yourself as you make the TV show?

That's why I do this all I can do.

That's the only way.

Are you interrupting the show that you're making right now?

Podcrab?

I'm not doing this right.

I'm looking at my face and all I've got is c*** over it.

Yeah, this is what we're saying.

I'm coming on a podcast, they've got it f***ed up.

You've changed Neil into an a**hole.

I haven't changed him back.

What the f*** am I doing?

Change him back, please.

It's about time I need to look at myself and say, hey, I can't have this.

Okay?

You want to change back?

Un-f*** yourself.

And then you change back.

What do you do with this a**hole?

S*** out of it.

Yeah, s*** out of it, Neil.

I think, oh wow, he just changed back.

Wow.

Oh my God.

This is like a snake eating its own tail.

So wait, you're interrupting your own, I mean, this is just what we've been telling you.

You have come all over your face.

You brought these worms.

All I know how to do, mate, is all I know how to do is that you've got a face like a f***ing back of a c***.

Come on, Brendan, don't laugh at that.

It's a good one.

And look at you, you're laughing like that.

You're laughing like a little c***sucker.

Well, you wishy washy.

You wishy swishy washy.

Why don't you wipe my window washes, you swishy wash wash.

That's pretty good.

That's good.

He's very British.

He's really good.

And you, you chimney sweep him, but you got a face that's all black.

Like you're really just, all you're sweeping up, it's not chimneys, it's a**holes.

No, Neil is black.

He's got a bag of baggers and mash or something.

Look, you should clean yourself up, right?

No, Neil's African American.

Scrub your face off, mate.

Very few people know this.

Un-f*** yourself.

Get your f***ing c*** out of your own c***.

And look, Scott, you've got to take some leadership here.

Hold on, I'm writing this down.

Write it down, just f***ing do it.

But I'll do it later.

Scott, do you want to run this or not?

I do, I want to make the show better, yeah.

Alright, so maybe you should take leadership here and not let me sit here jacking off.

The first thing you've got to do is stop me right now.

Because I'm jacking off.

Alright.

Oh, he is jacking off.

And I'm logging on to your website and I'm filming it.

Wait a minute, get off my website.

Lick it.

Lick my little lickie c***.

I'm taking charge and you get out of here.

Yeah, Scott, do it.

Get out of here.

Yeah, do it, Scott.

Get out of here.

But wait, I like him, he's funny.

Out of my way.

Why'd you get rid of him?

Alright, now that was right on, mate.

All you did was come back.

You see what you did?

He brought a salad with him now.

Where'd you get that salad?

Why'd you bring a salad in here?

I brought it downstairs and look, it's a wonderful blue cheese dressing.

Did you make this?

Of course I did, it's my own recipe.

You forgot what show that you're filming today.

Yeah, this is not Kitchen Nightmares.

I'm gonna give you now, because you're learning how to do it, now you get a bunch of free s***.

Oh, wow.

You learned a nominal lesson in how to take leadership and now I'm gonna dump free product placement s*** on you.

Oh, okay.

So I'm gonna give you my own recipe for this salad.

It's got a blue cheese c*** dressing and it's got little grasshopper raisins.

Blue cheese what?

Dressing.

It's a blue cheese!

It's a little base of a blue cheese.

Let me taste that.

That's his cum.

Alright.

God.

It's fruity, right?

And look, I'm gonna fit you out with some proper s*** here, okay?

What do you got?

We're no longer these microphones, these little wiggle walk ers.

These little microphones that came from somebody's Brio set .

What do you got?

I'm gonna give you now these Sony microphones.

Whoa.

Wait a minute.

And there's 18 of them.

These are gonna have a proper podcast.

These are just pasta dishes.

These aren't microphones.

We need actual microphones.

We can't talk into pasta dishes.

You can talk into a pasta dish!

Look, you're talking into it!

He is talking into it.

He is talking into it, but we can't hear you.

But the sound is being recorded by the microphone.

I think maybe you should hear him out, Scott.

I mean, he's got a bunch of TV shows where he fits his face .

And your engineer here, you got an engineer at the end of the table.

Yeah.

He's a soft c***.

He looks stupid.

So we're gonna, I'm gonna throw him out the window right now.

How am I gonna replace him?

No, no, no.

Please, do not do that.

Do it, do it, do it!

Oh my God, no.

Kathy, Kathy, get in here.

We need, oh God, he did it!

He did it!

He's been messing up the f***ing podcast!

He went out the window!

Oh no.

Now we're gonna have a real proper engineer.

I love this guy.

Look, it's Casey Jones, a real engineer from a train set.

Hi, Casey.

Wait, do you know?

We're gonna have to chew it up because we're gonna chew chew and chew on your own f***ing c***.

This guy's just a train engineer?

He's a train engineer.

That's right.

We're gonna get this train on track.

I don't know.

He's gonna get in the station like John Ball.

Well, I feel like we've solved nothing here in this segment of the show.

Brendan, you like him.

I love this guy.

I mean, he'd cast a few spells on me.

I'm not really his biggest fan.

What do you think of Scott's?

From where I'm sitting, and I'm an expert on podcasts, okay ?

You've got your s*** together, you're not f***ing your own eyeballs anymore, and you're here and you're participating in a conversation and I think you guys finally have a podcast worth listening to.

Wow.

Alright, I guess we applaud at the end of that, right?

I guess so.

What do you think of Scott's shirt, Gordon?

You know what?

It is s***.

I'm glad you pointed it out, but look at you.

What?

Look, you ruined it.

I had a moment of being happy and that you said something.

But I...

You're talking talking, like I want to hear a talky talk.

But I thought you said...

You're a little f***y talker.

But the podcast is talking.

P***y talker.

Look at you.

Is that what he said?

P***y talk?

Yeah, we couldn't tell.

I'm pretty sure it was p***y talker.

I think p***y talker is a popular term.

You've got kneecaps like c***.

And you've got a belly button that looks like a cum bulb.

Oh, we didn't bleep that one.

Yeah, that's weird.

Cum bulb.

I guess you can say cum bulb on Fox.

How do you know what a cum bulb looks like?

Yeah.

Alright guys, well we need to take one more break.

When we come back, Neil, you have something new you're working on that people are going to hear the first debut of.

Yeah, a little excerpt of a show.

Alright, an excerpt.

And we'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang.

With Brendan Walsh, comedian extraordinaire.

We also have Gordon Ramsay burst into the show and he's calmed down considerably since his last segment.

That's right.

You know what?

I'm happy.

I'm looking at this.

It sounds like something's going to be really good.

And I tell you what, I've got a giant check here and I'm going to send you to podcasting graduate school.

Oh.

Out of my own f***ing pocket.

So you mess up, I'm going to come find your mother and I'm going to f*** her right in front of you.

Wow.

I don't have time to do any of that, but let alone watch my mother being f***ed by you.

Nobody wants to watch their mom get f***ed.

Well I mean, I'm fine with it, I just don't have time to do it.

Oh.

Hey, I have a show where I f*** people's mothers in front of them and it's highly rated.

Really?

What's that called?

It's called Mama F***ers.

Hmm, I should have known.

Mama F***ers.

I should have workshop some more titles.

At least one more.

Well we wanted to call it F*** Suckers.

Yeah, I guess Mama F***ers is better.

I guess any show starring you should be called that.

Alright, and we have Neil Campbell here who, he's been working on something.

You're a bit of a writer... Writer, performer, back on tour , much like yourself.

Much like my Wikipedia page.

Yes, but I've been working on a one man show I've been doing.

Oh, so the theater.

Yes, this would be the theater.

This would be whenever you're treading upon the boards?

Sure, yeah.

The theater!

Oh, you've been there my friend.

Oh, I've trod the boards myself.

Ah, very good, Brandon.

Very good, alright.

So, I don't know if you know, this is my personal life.

I was going through some stuff.

I went through a pretty bad breakup.

I didn't know that.

You never talked about that when we were writing the comedy bang bang show.

I tried to keep it to myself, but yeah, you know, I was dating someone.

Well you did a good job on the show.

Thank you.

I didn't know you were going through such turmoil.

I'm pretty good at compartmentalizing.

I'm like, you know, how Woody Allen could keep writing Bullets Over Broadway even when he was f***ing his daughter .

Yeah, yeah, no, I mean, and that is the best example of compartmentalizing I think that exists.

It's the only one as far as I'm concerned.

So, then I wrote a show about it.

I turned my personal tragedy into art.

Great.

So, I'm going to just do a little excerpt from that show.

This is sort of the climactic moment.

I'm trying to, and this is what happened in life.

I'm just going to be putting it on stage, how I tried to win back my ex.

Okay, great.

And this, anything we need to set up?

Are you yourself?

I'm me.

I'm me, but this is a dramatization of my life I suppose you might say.

Should we dim the lights?

Yeah, let's dim the lights.

Turn on the ultraviolet lights.

Please, don't turn, oh no.

Oh god, wait a minute, Neil, there's cum all over your face now.

Well, I went to the bathroom to get, I was a little nervous before I did this.

Turn the ultraviolet off, please.

My pre-show ritual.

Hey, if you want to be honest, you should keep it on and read your one man show with f*** dripping down your face.

No, we don't want that.

Just turn it off.

Turn the lights up a little bit.

Okay, that's dim, but you can still see.

Yeah, okay.

We can still see you.

As the lights go down, the wedding march begins to play.

Stop the wedding!

Lindsey, I love you.

And we should be together.

Look, I know I can make you mad, but I think the fact that it's so easy for me to get under your skin just shows how much I mean to you.

Do you remember how peeved you would get when I would leave the toilet seat up?

You don't get that mad at someone unless they mean a lot to you.

Remember how pissed off you got that time you walked in on me jacking off to those Facebook photos of your sister in a bikini?

You have to really care a lot about someone to get that angry at them.

I haven't seen you that mad since the time I let you know your cooking tastes like s***.

But that's just how people work, Lindsey. The more you care about them, the easier it is for them to get under your skin.

I mean, think of all those times when you got really mad at me for something that most people would find mildly irritating at worse.

There's that time at your mother's funeral when you yelled at me because I said that if you ever had kids, I didn't think you'd make a very good mother.

Or the time you wouldn't talk to me for the entire car ride home from Chili's after I called our waiter the N-word for overcharging us.

And do you remember how royally P.O.'d you got that time that I shoved you really hard?

Most people wouldn't make a big deal out of those things for whatever strange reason you did.

Maybe because, I don't know, you love me?

Look, I know you haven't spoken to me since the day I went to the Harlem Globetrotters game instead of going to the abortion clinic with you.

But if you'll look into your heart, I think you'll realize how much I mean to you, even if I do make you mad at times.

Heck, you're probably mad at me right now for interrupting your sister's wedding to tell you all this.

But I just had to let you know how I feel.

Now I have to leave now because I'm meeting up with this chick I sometimes bone and I have to stop to get condoms first.

But please, Lindsey, take me back.

Teresa, congratulations on your marriage. I'm looking forward to seeing those honeymoon photos on Facebook.

Wow.

Listen, mate.

Wow, that was powerful.

That was really great. I want to tell you one thing.

Your ex-girlfriend, she sounds like a right ******* ******* hole.

Because there's nothing more appropriate when you're dining at Chili's than calling the waiter a ******* ******* **** *** *******, because they all are.

I think they got *******. They bleep *******.

Wait, your bleep box that's in your throat doesn't consider that to be... That's the worst word of them all.

Oh, God. I mean, I think the audience would probably be happy to hear my insult character back after.

Yeah, I think they would love it.

The stuff that's come out of this guy's mouth. I mean, my guy was at least had jokes.

No.

Come on, the old curtain shirt thing.

You had jokes, but it was like ******* in the box.

I didn't get that.

**** goes the weasel. It was like jokeity jokeity jokeity, springboard.

I don't get that.

Now there's a ******* and it fell off.

It sounds kind of funny, actually, which Brendan was not.

I guess that... Man.

It sounds funny.

That's true.

The words have a ring to them.

Yeah. Well, Neil, gosh.

Yeah.

Did that all happen?

Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's basically...

Not only the breaking up the sister's wedding, but everything that you detailed doing.

Sure, yeah. That monologue, even though it's from an autobi ographical show, you normally go, oh, I bet that he trunc ated things.

Transcribed, I had my voice memo on my iPhone just running in my pocket.

Oh, you accidentally turned that on and that's...

No, I did it on purpose. I knew.

I wanted to capture the moment for posterity.

So, as I gave that impassioned speech in life.

Oh, wow. Wait, are you recording right now?

Mm-hmm. I wasn't sure if you would be recording this podcast.

Thank God, yeah. You can always use a backup.

Yeah.

Recording on my iPhone in my pocket.

You see, that's the state you're in. Nobody knows if it's even being recorded.

The recording extra ones. Just in case you happen to open up a toilet and dump it in like a pussy that you're done with.

Gordon, we fixed the show.

He keeps flipping back and forth. You gave us a new sign and everything.

Yeah, I know. We have a new comedy bang-bang sign up there in neon.

What you need is to figure out another level of problems and get another pile of fucking products.

I mean, I'm almost hesitant to mention the fact that this is also a restaurant that we're operating here.

Yeah, you haven't even gotten into that. I mean, that Ear wolf, as we all know, has a bar and grill.

Yeah.

You know what? You know what? While you're reading your one -man show, mate, I took a little quiet break.

I went outside there to the little commissary you have, the little cafeteria, and I shot them.

Oh, my God.

I shot the eight people that you have working there. I took their hair nets and I cut their fucking throats.

Wait, you shot them, then you cut their throats?

I shot them and I cut their throats just to see them bleed out like piglets.

And I'm going to turn them into little cutlets.

Why didn't you just cut their throats to see them bleed out ?

Why did you have to shoot them first?

Because I wouldn't want them to run away. The little pigg ies run away with their little fuck knees.

Wait, so you disabled, you shot them in the knees so they could run away?

I shot them in their little pussy-cunty knees.

Can we start bleeping him again, by the way?

I mean, your bleep box is off or something.

Maybe sometimes it goes out.

It probably runs out of batteries.

Oh, is it out of batteries, really? How do you replace the batteries in your throat?

The little Italian lithium disks.

And you just give it to a cricket and he carries it down there and installs it?

Look, mate, I'm lucky enough that I've had some lucky cr ickets, okay?

I don't have a moral compass. I'm Beelzebub.

So what I do to operate in your human world is have cr ickets that come around and tell me what's right and wrong and I fucking yell at them and I stomp on them.

Oh, man, I like this guy still.

Jiminy fuck it.

Jiminy fuck it, he said.

Please get the batteries back in that thing.

This is just, uh, get a little cricket to jump down your throat if you could.

Oh my god.

That happened to me.

Don't laugh at us.

Wait a minute, that's my personal cricket that's sitting here in my jar.

Guess what, mate, he's tired of sticking up your bum and he 's gonna come over, he's gonna tickle my fucking asshole.

No, Francine, don't, no!

No, Francine, my favorite pet.

And I'm squeezing him between my little cheeks.

Oh, at least he fixed the batteries.

He's fixing my batteries, making it all right.

Look, he's gonna go up my fucking cumhole from the backside and he's gonna fix my fucking balls.

Good, good, okay.

Just call it shit.

You know, you don't have to.

Don't tell me what to call it, mate.

Wait, now it's started bleeping you for saying shit?

Oh my, wait, it bleeped me.

That's right, mate, welcome to the fucking hell.

Wow, it's bleeping everyone now.

It's bleeping everybody.

He fixed the whole fucking world.

This is a weird...

Now none of you will be heard and I will!

Oh man.

This is a weird show.

This is crazy, I've never been, hold on, let me try it.

Fuck your butt cunt.

You can't say any of it.

It worked.

Fuck your butt cunt, it doesn't quite hold water, does it?

No, not anymore.

You're a little stupid, you're a little stupid head.

Me? Or Kathy?

You're a little stupid squirrely head.

Wow, I don't agree with that.

Well guys, there's only one thing left that we can do on the show and that is a little something called Would You Rather.

Alright.

Makes sense.

When you're in this position, that's really all you can do.

Just play Would You Rather.

Why are you lying in that position too? That's weird.

How do you get your legs all the way over your head like that?

Alright guys, it's time to play Would You Rather. We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios on our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR.

I've got a note about your song, mate.

It sounds like a real punted p***y prank.

No one can hear it. Crazy.

Well, people send us scenarios to at CBBWYR, Comedy Bang Bang Would You Rather.

I'll read them out loud.

The minute I do, I will then open the floor for questions.

You can ask me any question about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice.

At a certain point, I'll close the floor for questions and then I'll take your vote one at a time.

Do not vote before then.

And then I'll tally up the points and assign a winner. It's that easy.

Alright, so here we go. Jeremy Salas, aka, at Uncle Salas asks, Would you rather play Cowboys and Indians with Bill Cosby every Tuesday for the rest of your life or be Common Law married to Bigfoot?

Would you rather play Cowboys and Indians with Bill Cosby every Tuesday for the rest of your life or be Common Law married to Bigfoot?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

I got one question for you, mate. How long is Bill Cosby going to live? Because I feel like living for f***ing ever.

You want to live forever? So you're hoping that...

I'm an eternal f***ing being.

That's a good point. Well, I guess if you pick the scenario , then that makes Bill Cosby an immortal because he's got to live as long as you.

So and that means that everyone else, he's an immortal to everyone else, which means that if you pick the scenario, you and Bill Cosby are both immortal.

And you have to play Cowboys and Indians with him every Tuesday for the rest of both of your lives.

Okay, is playing Cowboys and Indians fun? Is it a fun experience that you might look forward to every Tuesday?

How much do you enjoy playing Cowboys and Indians currently ?

I don't quite know what that is. Is that a board game?

Enjoyment night is when you like something like a f***ing puzzle.

No, it's Cowboys and Indians is where one of you plays a cowboy, the other plays an Indian.

Oh, like a little kid. Like pretend.

Exactly, yeah.

Reenact the massacre of a continent full of people.

Yeah, I guess that would be kind of not that fun anymore since I'm an adult, but I don't think I would be miserable.

Okay.

I mean with a comedy legend.

Comedy legend. Every Tuesday, you might run out of stuff to talk about at a certain point.

Sure.

You kind of run out of crazy Bill Cosby stories and he tells you his entire life story and he's had it all.

Stand up comedy to I Spy. Okay, that's just the first half of his career.

Cosby Show, boom, changes everything. Changes sitcoms.

Rudy.

Then into Cosby where he sort of lost it and got a little crazy at the end.

Yeah, sure.

And then Arenas.

Can say the darndest things.

Yeah, can say the darndest things. He tells you all about that.

Okay, you after 52 Tuesdays of that, he runs out of stories .

So after one year, yeah, you're out of cool Bill Cosby stories.

Gotcha, I gotcha.

I got a question for you. Does he have the Fat Albert cast with him?

Oh, the entire cast?

And the picture pages.

Do you mean the vocal cast or the actual animated cartoons?

I don't know. Half of the c**ts and six of the c**ts. Okay.

I don't know what you're saying.

He's half of something and six of something else.

He has the animated cast with him. Yeah, you also hang out with the animated cast of Fat Albert.

Wow.

Including Mush Mouth.

I was going to ask.

Good.

Okay, so now may I ask another question?

You're free to ask as many questions as you like as long as the floor is open.

I mean, I've already asked just one. Is anyone else having ...

I got a question.

You polite. This is how you play. Get in there.

Okay, common law marriage.

Yeah, to Bigfoot.

Now, does that just mean because you've been like roommates for seven years or does this mean you actually are in a romantic relationship?

No, a common law, and a lot of people don't know this, is actually you have to refer to yourself as married.

That's a big part.

You can't just live with someone or be in a relationship for seven years.

You actually have to go around referring to yourselves as being married like, oh, my husband, oh, my wife.

This is my wife. This is my husband.

If you do that enough after a certain amount of time, then you are legally married.

So that's exactly how it is.

Oh, okay.

Now, if you are, if you're common law married to Bigfoot, can we still live in my apartment or do we have to live in the woods?

You live in your apartment, but neither of you ever leave the house because neither of you want to be photographed.

Is Bigfoot male or female?

What do you prefer?

Well, if I can never leave my house, I don't want to get my **** on. I guess I would say female.

Okay, sure, female.

Let me ask you this, okay?

Yeah.

I just want to ask one ******* question. Can I get that off ?

Okay, sure, yeah.

All right, if it's Bigfoot then, and you're with Bigfoot, right?

Sure, yeah, of course.

Can you come in and ******* stop berating him because, oh, he's got a stupid little rat hiding inside of his hair.

Oh, he's got little ******* and rats hiding all over him.

He's got ticks.

By the way, he's got chiggers, by the way.

I know, you shouldn't have bleeped out just the first little sound there.

Look, I blanked.

That is a weird way to bleep.

Yeah.

Hey, it's his box. It's his cricket. I mean, it's my cricket and his box. Who bought the batteries? We haven't determined that.

Look, yeah, that's what a lot of your relationship is pred icated upon.

Bigfoot, you're walking around, you're stumbling on pine cones.

Yeah, that's a lot. That's every day with you guys.

Yeah, you also do, but you also do that to Bill Cosby.

You call yourself a different hominoid species, you're just stumbling around in the woods like a real ******* pile of *******.

So he's going to live in the woods with, you're going to live in the woods with Bigfoot or?

By the way, you also live in the woods.

It's going to be called Betterfoot when I'm done with him.

Oh.

By the way, you also live in the woods with Bill Cosby.

Oh, man.

Yeah.

So if Bigfoot is- Just on Tuesdays or all week?

No, you live on, yeah, you live all week with Bill Cosby in the woods and you play Cowboys in the woods.

Okay, well that kind of levels the playing field, I guess.

Yeah, yeah. Brendan?

If Bigfoot is, if we're back to the scenario where Bigfoot and I live in my apartment and Bigfoot's a female, can she have a shaved vagina and be hairy everywhere else?

Yes, and it's shaved in, with your name, actually.

My full name?

Yeah, your full name.

Brendan Michael Walsh?

No.

That's a huge vagina.

B-Money Dubs.

Oh, B-Money Dubs.

Is it always B-Money Dubs?

No matter who?

Yeah, it's his name no matter who.

Okay.

Yeah, no matter who picks it.

Yeah.

And is money spelled out or is it just a dollar sign?

Just a dollar sign.

So it's B-dollar sign, but then D-U-B-S.

D-U-B-B-Z.

Oh, I'm sorry.

So sorry.

I didn't get the spelling on that before the show started.

Yeah.

Any other questions?

Obviously you don't because you said you just had one question.

Yeah, I just had one question at the time, but now I have several questions.

Okay.

Because guess what?

Your answers are shite.

Okay.

Yeah, what do you got?

Look, what I want to know is if you're living in the woods- With Bill Cosby?

With Bill Cosby, do you have to run away when fucking Bigfoot comes around?

Yes, Bigfoot is constantly chasing you when you live with Bill Cosby.

Because Bigfoot is angry that you're not with Bigfoot, you 're with Bill Cosby.

Is it like a Scooby Doo chase where you go, aye, aye, aye, aye?

Of course.

Well, that's fucking stupid.

Well, you're the one who said it.

Why would I do that?

Yeah, I don't know.

Why would I have a fucking fuck like that?

To have a party full of bicks.

Weird.

Any other questions, Neil?

No.

No?

All right.

Brendan, anything for you?

I'm about to close the floor for questions.

Just one with Bill Cosby.

Is he going to be nice to me?

Is that- What do you expect him to be?

If you're hanging out with Bill Cosby, what would you expect?

Are you going to do your job or not?

So he's going to be fucking nice if you're doing your job, and if you're not, then he's going to fucking get in your tits.

I mean, do you think he'd be nice to you?

He's America's dad.

I think he'd be mostly nice, but he could get annoyed if I do something wrong in the Cowboys and Indians game.

Yeah, he's very, very nice.

Other than on Tuesdays, he gets very frustrated with you with Cowboys and Indians, and he forces you to sit into the Jell-O pot.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Is it the Jell-O pot?

Is that going to be comfortable?

Oh, no, no, no, no.

It's not going to be warm and smushy?

There's no Jell-O in there.

Is it going to be comfortable?

Oh, it's just a pot.

Is it going to be comfortable in that you can fucking wire in it?

Yeah, that's- Can I come in his Jell-O?

No, he already- That's what Jell-O means to him.

Oh boy.

Okay.

Yeah, so it's just a big pot of ejaculate.

Okay.

Yeah.

Refrigerated and jiggly though.

Yeah, no, it's refrigerated.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Totally.

I don't want to give you the wrong idea.

It's very jiggly.

Yeah.

All right, well, I'm just about to close the floor for now.

I got another question for you.

What the fuck is this?

You call this a fucking segment.

You're presenting two fuck sucking ideas and you're asking a bunch of fucking Nick questions about them.

I don't know.

People enjoy it.

It's kind of beat Nick-ish.

It is sort of beat Nick-ish.

Why do we bleep beat Nick?

I don't know.

Amen.

I don't know either.

People seem to enjoy it, Gordon.

All right, I'm closing the floor for questions.

Let's vote.

How do you like to vote?

I'm going to go Cosby.

Cosby, really?

So the Jell-O pot?

Jell-O pot doesn't bother me.

Yeah?

I think I'll stay on his good side too.

Yeah?

Typical.

You're just getting along.

You're just going back to the way it was before.

You're just doing your thing.

I'd like to meet Mushmouth.

I mean, it sort of sounds- It's true.

But is there something about the other scenario, the Bigfoot scenario that doesn't appeal to you?

Just not as enticing.

I mean, it's sort of like in that case, I meet one sort of famous entity.

Yeah.

And here I get several with the cast of Fat Albert, so that kind of puts me over the edge.

That's true.

Okay, great.

B-Money Dubs, what do you like to vote?

How do you like to vote?

I'm going to go Bigfoot.

This is why it seems like it's going to be a more chill kind of lifestyle.

We can hang out in my apartment.

You're not being chased by Bigfoot for one.

We're not being chased.

We're hanging out.

There's a shaved vagina with my name in it.

And yeah.

And you like to chill, right?

I like chillaxing.

Yeah.

You know, I've talked about it on the show before.

That's actually a term I coined, which is a combination of chilling and relaxing.

You coined that?

Yeah.

That was me.

I coined talk to the hand in 1994.

Did you really?

Yeah.

I said that once.

Yeah.

You owe me 50 cents.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Good.

And Gordon, how do you like to vote?

All right, mate.

I pick my answer.

Okay.

Great.

I picked a answer and it's a real one.

If I had a choice, I'll play cowboys and Indians with Bill Fucking Cosby.

Okay.

Why?

It's not for any of those reasons, except that earlier I said the word.

Right.

And thank you for bleeping that.

We didn't bleep it.

No, it wasn't bleeped.

It's you bleeping it, by the way.

It was your crickets purview.

Also, we should mention that he said the N word just now.

No, that's right.

It just bleeped out.

He actually didn't say the real word.

Yeah.

I'm bad for saying it, so I'm going to hang out with one of them.

Okay, great.

That sounds insulting.

So it's almost like penitence.

It makes it better, okay?

All right.

I may kick you in your cock, but then I'm going to suck on your cunt.

Hmm.

All right.

Well, let me tally up the points here.

Let's see.

Neil, you chose...

Cosby.

Brendan, you chose Bigfoot, which was the wrong answer.

God damn it.

I always lose this game.

So between Neil and Gordon for Cosby, and it all depends on why you chose Cosby, and it looks like Gordon, you chose it in a very selfless manner because you wanted to make him feel better about that terrible name that you said earlier on the program.

So you are our winner here.

That's stupid.

Congratulations.

It is fair, isn't it?

It's stupid.

It's bleeping awesome.

It's stupid.

It's bleeping piggy.

Yeah.

Well, that's how you play Would You Rather.

You're 16 bleeps in a row.

All right.

That's how we play Would You Rather, and boy, good game guys.

Tight.

Tight between you and Gordon, Neil.

Hey, we're tight.

Where can I file a protest on the outcome of this game?

The commission.

Okay.

Yeah.

Kathy?

No, please don't talk to Kathy.

All right.

By the way, you still have one left.

I'm excited to hear it.

Yeah.

We'll see.

All right.

Well, we only have one last thing to do on the show, and that is a little something we call plugs.

What's up, hot dogs?

Memorial plugs.

Oh, thank you so much.

That is Sun Hammer.

Sun Hammer, and that is the What's Up, Hot Dog Memorial Pl ugs theme.

If you have a theme song for the What's Up, Hot Dog Memorial Plugs section, then head on over to earwolf.com in the comedy bang-bang message boards.

Put it in the appropriate thread, and you can be famous for a week, and Sun Hammer, Sun Hammer is famous for one week, and one week only.

Guys, let's open up the old plug bag.

Neil, what do you got?

Well, just the usual.

Which no one knows.

Sure, yeah, you have.

Of course.

Show every Thursday, 11 p.m. at UCB Theater in Los Angeles called Last Day of School.

And do you do the A Kiss from Daddy?

Yes, that's the first Wednesday of the month at UCB.

That's the sketch show that you're also in and write for.

Yes, I write and do sketch in that.

Great.

I do improv with Last Day of School.

All right, and Brendan, what do you have?

You can go to brendanwalsh.com.

That's Brendan with an O-B-R-E-N-D-O-N Walsh.

W-A-L-S-H dot com.

And you tour this entire country, and you're a great stand- up.

Yep.

What are you, headlining?

I'm headlining clubs and mostly clubs.

Mostly clubs.

Yeah.

You're a great stand-up.

Well, I will be recording a CD soon, so.

Oh, great.

Yeah, yeah, go to my website.

All the info is there.

Hey, mate.

Your voice sounds like a f***ing c***, and you spell your name like a right good c***.

Why do you say I'm starting to think c*** is a compliment?

Well, I think we've been misunderstanding, Kev.

Maybe we have been, huh?

Let me see.

Gordon, anything to plug?

Yes, I want to plug something.

I have a f***ing recipe book, okay?

Oh, great.

It's a f***ing, right?

Yeah, right.

It's a f***ing recipe book.

I got a whole page on stewed c***.

There's a whole section.

There's 40 pages on what to do with chopped up people.

I wonder if he said clams.

Huh.

We'll never know.

No, I mean, I wasn't bleached when I said clams, so it couldn't have been clams.

Mm-mm.

Interesting.

We'll never know.

Ha, ha, look at this motherf***er coming in, telling people how to run their businesses.

Ha, ha.

No, that's a f***ing character right there.

English motherf***er.

That's a choice.

Ha, ha, ha.

You gotta f***ing stick with it.

Cricut-ass mouth, motherf***er, c***sucker.

Ha, ha.

Oh, yeah, his final one.

Where is it?

Congratulations, Brandon.

Definitely worth it.

Okay, what do I want to plug?

I don't have any shows to plug necessarily yet.

I do have some coming up.

I can't talk about them yet, but hey, we're back to work at the Comedy Bang Bang TV show, so okay, and that's it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Closing up the plug bag, ding dong, bing dong, bing dong, b ing dong, bing dong, bing dong.

Closing up the plug bag, ding dong, bing dong, bing dong, b ing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong, bing dong.

That's the closing up the plug bag theme, of course, and guys, we did it.

We did it. Great show. Yeah. Most bleeps ever on anything that's ever been made?

And I think we may have set a record for saying the N-word on a podcast.

Yeah, because I mean, every single bleep that you've heard is us saying the N-word. We wanted to make that clear.

I want to make that very clear. Every time I've said any f ***ing thing, whether it's from N-word all the way down to p***y c*** f***, it's all been the N-word.

Alright, well guys, great show. Wow, I'm getting, our engineer here is giving me a little note that says 175 bleeps.

Wow.

Holy s***.

More than Scarface when it appears on TV?

Oh, I don't know.

I don't know. We'll find out.

We should see what my engineer has to put up with when I'm talking in my f***ing sleep.

Yeah.

176.

Yeah. Boy, I feel bad for your crickets. Alright guys, thanks so much. This has been a great show. We'll see you next week. Thanks. Bye.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman. For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio, boom, to-com.

The wolf dead. The wolf dead.
