---
layout: page
title: 213. Jerrod Carmichael, Horatio Sanz [18625⧸21099].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Fan favorite comedian to watch Jerrod Carmichael returns for his second appearance on the show and we have a brand new guest He is the proprietor of the Stargraves business. We will talk to him a lot about that all of that more all on today 's ♪♪♪ Sometimes love hurts, but you usually have to pay extra for that. Welcome to comedy bang bang Good catchphrase April Fool's rebel. You've sent in catchph rases before thanks for that one Sometimes love hurts, but usually have to pay extra for that. That sounds naughty to me I'm not gonna inquire as to what that might possibly mean.

Ah Tax day April 15th get your taxes in by the end of the day today.

That's your public service for the week Get them in people, you know You don't want to you don't want to lean on I've heard of lean on me the famous song But putting a lien on your possessions. No, you don't want that Hollywood afternoons, okay. We've taken care of all the business. Welcome to the show My name is Scott ockerman and welcome to comedy bang bang for another week. This is the podcast and I have a Returning favorite is it safe to say that favorite? Mm-hmm.

Yeah your last appearance on the show Jerrod, by the way We'll get to his introduction in a second was a lot of people were saying you were One of the best first time guests of all time. Oh, wow.

That's very nice of them they there's not following up with much but If that first sentence is any indication, I thought for the second time I just played a really cool. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it 's working You know him as a stand-up comedian he was He was one of the top 10 best comedians of the year according to something last time He was on the show was a variety or what was it? How long ago was that?

Now it seemed like it was last probably summer or maybe last really timber somewhere. I remember I'm in the top eight now Whoa, yeah, yeah, who did someone die? No, just these other two guys just weren't cutting it They would just stopping for you to stop being funny. They just so they're not even in the top 100 They're not even no they're there like I'm I think that they're like one 16 somewhere like that. But oh, yeah, it's still Yeah, I mean, you know, it's a competitive ranking system.

No that will congratulate. So you were 10 before You moved up to top eight. Well, I was somewhere in the top two. They didn't give my exact placement, but now Now you're eight. Yeah now so you might have slipped too. I could have slipped Wow Okay, because you may have been number one in the top ten.

There's a great chance. I was You really think there's a good chance you and these were by the way comics to watch. Yeah. No wait We were supposed to watch you for a year. Yeah, and then we were supposed to stop watching you. Yeah Well now you're supposed to listen Okay. Yeah, because now it's just more about I do less act outs and it's at a certain point. We'll smell you Yeah, I'm gonna go with it out right now. Do you smell me?

Yeah, I do. Yeah, it's fantastic. Thank you Yeah, now you're definitely number one in smells Let me say your name Jerrod Carmichael. God bless you.

Welcome to the show. You're a young stand-up comic How old of a man are you 25 25 years old boy? I Remember those days, but you're not you're young though. I 'm a young fellow. I'm 27. So it's not like it's that yeah Yeah, but yeah We did yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was when you were a frosh. I was a junior good times Snapping you with my towel. Hey, you remember you remember not even in the locker room. You remember Kimberly? Oh my god, right?

Oh, right. Yeah, she passed away though big car accident.

Did you not hear about this? Uh, yeah She was number 11 on the comics. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So what no 12 she was 12. She's 12 never got up to 11 Yeah, never got 11. Yeah now she's sunk to probably 6,833 the house Yeah, she's yeah, literally sunk. Hey, you know, I just realized though I didn't do my taxes. You gotta do your taxes taxes tax day , and then I just said it out loud So now they know now they're on to you like now they know that's why that's why you never buy a house because Then all of a sudden they'll know where to send the jury duty forms, right?

You know what? I mean? They don't never be on a podcast and say you didn't do your taxes Why do people not get jury duty things if they live in apartments?

Well, if you're always moving around from apartment to apartment, it's hard to start to track you But if you ever buy a house, it's like boom. They got you You know and if you ever vote that's the other thing by the way Don't vote tell all your black friends to rod to not because you'll get jury duty. Yes, so it's a compromise So so, you know in the upcoming races tell all your black friends, please. Thank God. I don't have any black friends think Now to rod you are You're living in LA but where are you from originally the people want to know the people need to know There was a lot of energy. I just tried to match you North Carolina, North Carolina Which is just a little bit north of South Carolina South Carolina a little-known state which City, are you from in North Carolina Winston Salem Winston Salem NC NC What are the bands that have come out of there? None of them?

No, I feel none of the bands some good bands. No, I'm sure it is. I'm joking that I don't know I don't know what kind of music you listen to, you know, here's the thing Can I give the cliche answer and say a little bit of everything? Ah, just a little bit of every gross. Okay.

Okay Well, I don't know how to the goddamn question I listen to I listen to I was still like jazz music And I listen to hip-hop I listen to I listen to triumphant white people music. That 's all right. I like trying from right, you know Like remember like what remember what this is like a classic cliche example, you know, like Kings of Leon like, you know You somebody like, you know, it's it's that it can see it in a montage Winning some things that make white people excited. Yeah, I like to hear that What's getting white people excited these days career move I wonder what some white triumph of white people music is right now. Like what's out there right now like fallout boys I'm not follow boy. I mean, what do I mean fun fun?

Let me tell you something fun classic some nights White people get excited. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I once I once was at a muse concert in Vegas it was a real thing that happened and Hey, I'm not doubting it. It's a real thing. But I do want to see you look it up. It's it's a real thing Okay, and and it was great white people triumph music Yeah, you just a whole bunch of white people out there going fuck. It was like fuck the suburbs. It was amazing It was amazing. It made me feel things that I didn't know Yeah, do you like good jazz like really good jazz? Like I know a lot of people like jazz. Yeah, do you like good jazz ?

Yeah All right Wait define good jazz I just mean like, you know, it's sometimes it's hard to describe but a lot of people say they like jazz But I like good jazz, you know what I mean? What do you look Scott?

I feel like people want to ask you what you're listening to . What are you listening to Scott?

I just you know, I listen to I said it on the show a couple of weeks ago I have my new favorite song just the most beautiful I heard it the other day came up on the iPod the most beautiful song ever written Prince. Yeah like Prince, of course His song on the cum album orgasm just a beautiful melody It's a song called I haven't heard Beautiful melody really I used to love the bat dance theme because that had a great melody. I love that one I know who can bail who was in that video was she in the video?

Oh, yeah, she's in the van everyone's in the van. Everyone 's in the video. He did they'll score the whole thing, right ?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, you did the whole thing or that or Danny Elfman Yeah, any other school, but you know, he does the whole thing. You got Vicki Vale Vick Vick Vicki Vale Vicki Vale, uh-huh Yeah, fantastic great melody, but then then I heard orgasm and by God really it's it's like an orgasm happened in my ears Do you have you listen to it while having sex? Do you have you?

Do I know have I know?

Hmm, let's play another round of do you okay? Okay. Okay, Jared. Do you have you? Mm-hmm?

Any gruel any gruel?

Gruel, what is that? What does that express? Have you any gruel? Have you all have you any girl? Okay. Yeah. Well, do I know?

Mm-hmm have I perhaps okay. All right. Good game. You came on the show. We don't have a theme song for that Yes, we'll get where's Reggie. Ah, where is right? We're by the way, we're filming. This is one of my days off We're we're filming now and the comedy bang bang TV show.

We're in the middle We actually were halfway about a week ago or something very funny show by the way. Thank you so much. You should You should be on it. But who knows if that'll ever happen, but oh well What I actually I Because I'm on it. Well, we're not supposed to say who's on but yeah you are on it No, you're it's okay. You're you you did a tiny part on it.

So I'm not supposed to say the big names Really, you know, but you we can say Jirak Carmichael does make an appearance. Well now I feel like I just ruined it No, no, no I mean there were sure there's a bunch of people who would have been excited when you popped up on their television What they have been though, I don't know you're right, you know, yeah But what were you gonna say you are on it this year and it was great It was a fun time for you a good time. It was an easy day for you because very easy as an actor There aren't better jobs than walking in You shoot like 10 minutes after you got there and you were done 20 minutes later Would you believe that I have the check from that in my pocket right now? What?

Are you free on your way to a frame store Aaron brothers art mark? Well, because here's the thing my Version of saving is not cashing checks I mean, I just don't catch this if you don't catch this and then until you have to catch the check and then you catch it And then I got a word. Where do you keep them in your pocket? Actually? Yeah signed on the back people Though I can't out to cash. Well, I gotta go about a bank.

You know after this. Yeah uh-huh, and so I just It's in my it's a it's in my pocket. Great. And here's the thing saw the amount this morning. Thank you. My pleasure How much we pay in everyone these days?

Just enough enough for gruel. Uh-huh few hundred bucks you a Hollywood gruel Holly, you know, there's a different standard of living It's actually wrapped around sushi nice. Yeah the gruel in Hollywood Jarrod, I want to know what is up for you this year I feel like you're about to record a special or is that true? Uh, yeah, I'm working on that now You say you're working on it. What do you what does that mean? Okay, that's a great question You're buying the cameras. Come on, you know, because I don 't know I don't know what type to get. Yeah I however educate yourself. Okay working on it means I have an idea of you want to do a special Yeah, it means I have an idea and I've called my manager.

Okay? Okay So wait, you have no deal in place to do this special deals , you know deals are so passe. That's true You know just do the thing you just do it. You just do it in. Yeah, and then you know it comes out That's the thing the Louis ck model more comedians need to be doing it no comedians need to be sinking three $400,000 into making their own specials and then they put it out and maybe you get that money back Maybe you don't well, yes that but more comedians need to take, you know more control, right?

Yeah, what I'm saying is is sink all of your like you probably have $400,000 sitting around easily You know just sink it into your own special and put it out.

I mean, I don't understand why we're comedians aren't doing this You know what? I mean me Scott. Here's the thing. I don't have you to motivate me But I want you I'd love to be your manager. Why don't you manage me?

I would love to your manager that I know your manager by the way. Yeah, she's terrible. She drop her drop her Get get with the big guns. He's doing the best. She can over here. I know she's doing the best you can and You know when people complain by the way, like I'm hearing a lot lately News is finally trickled up to Hollywood. There's some sort of like financial crisis in America. Wait, what?

Yeah, like people are having a rough time. Just go staff up on a sitcom. Wait. No, you can make so much money that way It doesn't make any sense to me. Why don't they just why don't they just crash with their friends?

Yeah, and do mics like open mics Yeah, do open mics but staff up on a sitcom during the day.

Come on, make enough money to buy a house Come on, it's just like guys the solutions are out there. I mean Detroit. Am I right Detroit? Come on Detroit Come on, Detroit go staff up on a sitcom is America really struggling though. I think so. I don't know That's what I like the guy that never picked up a paper. No , but really like this character The guy that never picked up a paper. Yeah, the guy that yeah because he thinks papers are heavy Man Worked out today Let's make a short Okay, Jarrod, I have to take a tiny little break here. Yeah Anything else going on before we take this break any anything you want to talk about anything happening in your career?

I feel like I read some news about you. That was exciting.

But I did you read news?

Did you read news?

No, I read something. What was it? Well, you got some big deal. What's what's happening?

I mean, I mean working on a show But you can't say you get so so you get specific and then oh like how you were specific about how you're appearing on my show Sure, you'll do it to me. Well, here's the thing. Well, that's because I was so excited I wanted to share with friends and family and then I got over. I'm sorry Overstepped the lines. No, it's no big deal. I'll wash your car To make it up. I'll take you up on that. Is that cool?

When is the last time you physically washed a car I was be honest. It's been it's been years. Yeah, you know what?

Who has a hose hose that's the thing. Oh, I'd wash my car every day if I had a hose. No you wouldn't Yeah, you're probably right. Come on I what I like to do is I like to go over to the the the firehouse You know what? I go turn the hoses on the hoses on I'm paying your salaries you You know my taxes pay for your salary turn the hose on how 's that work out for you?

Not that great By the way, you have the you know, you could be a fireman I could be a firm you're strong guy Thank you so much. Yeah, I thank you for noticing that not too many people look at me and say, you know What you should be a fireman you should you should really you should like dabble. I've all got that Firemen love when people come in and dabble. Yes, you know the volunteer fireman. That's what it's all about. It's like dabblers, right?

It's like the whole neighborhood should get involved ladies just be like a little people should come out with pails thing if if we wouldn't Have to pay for firemen if people would just go fight fires for a half an hour a day the community Would just like jury duty. Yes, exactly. Just one half of one hour You know, however your time to fight fire don't watch TV for that half hour You know what I mean? Like you people are asleep America wonders who I'd struggling right?

Exactly because we're paying too much too many salaries for these these lazy firemen who sit around all day With their with likes sit around with with the boots connected to the pants that they jump into It's like we're paying them for seven hours of the day.

They only work for half an hour a night Meanwhile, if I were to fight that fire for half an hour a night. Yeah. Boom. Yeah, you know as a volunteer look There's a lot of solutions out there, but President Barack Hussein Obama care doesn't care To look into them and that's why I'm saying to you Gerard.

Yes. Tell all your friends You will get jury duty if you ever vote. All right. All right. Thank you. All right good. All right We need to take a break you were doing things for the black community We need to take a break We will be right back with a little more Gerard Carmichael and oh, we have a very special guest coming up after this I'm very excited about that the he is the proprietor of star graves which boy that sounds I've heard of Peter graves, but star graves All right. My references may be a little outdated, but we 'll be right back after this with more comedy bang bang Comedy bang bang we are back here with Gerard Carmichael and During the break were you thinking about anything you want to promote or anything that you you wanted to talk about?

I mean, come on, you're a comedian. Are you doing dates?

Are you like what's happening out there?

What people want to know about you? You're a fan favorite The I his thing you the people that listen to the show are the best people in the world. They are they really fantastic They they when they find someone that they like they're very supportive today. They talk about them people tweeted at me Yes, no one tweets at me You know, what is your Twitter by the way? We'll get in a little plug here notorious ROD I've been using that handle since like 1995 on Twitter not on Twitter, but like a what like instant message I was really keen and so now you're notorious right on Gmail. I would imagine of course I am Well, yeah, you know you gotta be in the so you want to stick with I don't like change. Yeah, exactly So hit your rod up, you know, haven't come to your town. Do you do a lot of traveling or you yeah Okay, this is a cool thing. I'm going on tour with with T ash with Daniel Daniel Tash. Yeah. Okay, and the way who's opening for who?

We haven't decided yet. We usually do this co-headliner coins backstage We put our foot in and just you know, bubble gum bubble gum in a dish Yeah, yeah, and but then we decide and then I think he'll go first You know headlining and then and then I'll know opening for him, right? Okay. Yeah, that's I That's always a really interesting and we have that with a few of the live comedy death ray is slash bang bang shows at UCB Where the headliner would come and insist on going?

Middle of the show or something and they would do 40 minutes Yeah, and there was then but they wouldn't would insist they would not close the first would do 40 45 minutes And then someone would have to do 10 minutes right the first time I did the live show Came Oh Zach King hates closing. Oh he apparently yeah, I closed the cancer. He doesn't like it He really doesn't like I closed it But he was great. He killed it. All right, well, that's very kind of you I don't believe it, but you felt like you had to throw that in well, you know, well because big Hollywood star But you know that's pandering. Well, it's because I'm trying to make it. Yeah And if you compliment that he puts you in a movie, right?

Yeah, three times Okay, he just came up to Zach one day It was like I like you as a comedian and boom three of a great three-movie deal Have you seen can I plug somebody else's thing? Yeah Brody 's vine. Uh-huh. It's changing my life right now Really Brody Stevens on vine. Okay all about all about that . I watch that constantly Wow Yeah, that should get its own channel. Yeah, it's like the house of cards of vine Let me know what that means. He's it's very similar. He's talking to the camera the whole time He's telling his inner thoughts. Oh my god. He's hilarious.

I think the refrigerator should get out of the way of me He's the best. Yeah. Hey house of cards reference. Yes, but I wish I had something to plug man. Don't worry about it Well save it up for the end when plugs happen, but we do have to get to our next guest Now you're gonna participate you're gonna talk to this guy with me like, you know, you're not gonna just clam up I'm not gonna clam up on you. I'm starting to wake up. It is right at the beginning. I was Afternoon's yeah, I was playing a cool then up now I'm done with that tax day All right, let's get to our new guest new guest and next guest Yes, you know him as the proprietor of star graves, which is out here in Hollywood We'll talk to him a little bit about his business. Please.

Welcome Joe Francis. Hello, Joe. Hey, thank you very much Scott pleasure to be here Now you're not the Joe Francis that does Girls gone wild. No, I get that all the time My last name is spelled F R a N C E apostrophe S Oh, it's like Joe like Francis Joe like I'm from France, but like Francis Eiffel Tower Exactly. I've always dug France Paris. And so I came back and I just gave myself that name Joe Francis What about Francis Joe that seems like that would be a little it seems like there should come something should come after Always been my nickname so like if I wait Joe is your nickname, but you change your name to Francis Francis You know neither of these are your real name. No, no, I'm a real name. What is your man? Yeah I want to know too. My name is Javier Villanueva. I Grew up in East LA over there by a Chicago Street. Oh, okay . Well, that's okay I can understand you know, you're in sort of a show business related words show business for Hollywood So this is the kind of thing that everyone does they just give themselves a new day. Jarrod is it? What about you?

Yeah, I'm sticking with Jarrod now. Yeah, it was like the original that's the original Okay, but I'm you never know. It's still early. You have any weird hyphens or anything, you know Like it seems like the black community kind of embraces the weird hyphen. Uh You know Do do that, you know or like an accent more like Beyonce?

Yeah, I mean, yeah Well, I mean, you know, I don't have any though. You don't have I mean, but it's still early. I haven't been to France though That's true. You haven't been to a place that made me that inspired me. That's really interesting because your name is French name You're our de Pardue. No No, no, no, no, no, no car. Michael. Yeah car Michael. Oh, yeah. Sorry. I miss the last part. Yeah, we're Gerard de P ardue Wait, wait, you heard him say Gerard and then you tuned out just thinking you're working on my notes to you know that I mean But I was gonna say you should go to fresh is beautiful I 've been tower at night Yeah, anything else Jim Morrison's graves? Awesome. You leave a do be like a six-pack up there for him That's yeah, Francis romantic city Really? Yeah, when was the last time you were there? I was there about six years ago. Oh, okay I took a chick up there. We spent the weekend. He just got we just got fucked up in there I'm sorry to say that we do we did some drugs and had some beers and just hung out at a Jim Morrison's grave Okay, it was great. Fantastic. Do you still keep in touch with the woman or oh No, I mean I should but I don't She's out there She's out there. She's she's out there in the world. She knows about me what I do what we do. We're still friends You're still friend, but you don't keep in touch with her.

No, she's mother my I got like a four-year-old kid Oh, so I guess I did talk to her occasionally when I have to deal with the kid So you kept the relationship going for another couple years after France? Yeah, because of that And it's because of the four-year hook weight, but the kid was conceived conceived in the fifth year France yeah some something about a year or Yeah, and you went sick. He's Timmy Francis Far a see apostrophe s is Timmy Francis. So he changed his name as well. I changed his name. Oh, okay But yeah, I mean, you know, you meet a lot of women in this town and it's good to be friends because you you never know You know, you're gonna be in the champagne room somewhere.

Boom. There's your ex-wife. You gotta be cool. Yeah Yeah, I understand that well Joe let's get to exactly why you're here You you have a business out here in the Hollywood area, which is called star graves which Star graves is the new business. I started being a couple of my buddies and we we own We owed six SUVs that we had the tops taken off of Oh and on any given day We have six different tours of Hollywood and the greater Los Angeles area will take you to You know where Hollywood celebrities have had. Oh, that's so where they probably like are lying in their graves So probably like Hollywood forever Sarah That's very interesting you bring that up because normally I would just go We will pull up to Hollywood Forever Cemetery guard go have at it, you know, they're just taking a have yourself a ball , right?

So I had to we had to get out the ball here and think of it like a new specific game plan and get a little more Fine-tuned and and we thought of going to the places where these celebrities were killed. Oh Okay, so more of a tour a morbid tour of Hollywood kind of taking a look at this the CD underbelly of Hollywood where These celebrities have passed on. Yeah, because I don't know about you, but all my friends are from out of town.

They're always like Who died? Oh, I don't know man Whenever someone dies, they're like, where do you live? You know, and it's just a morbid curiosity Love Hollywood people love everything about it. They also love unfortunately the death aspect which is where these guys die So I imagine you're going out to like the Viper room and seeing where River Phoenix, you know Died out in front of there. You're probably going to the Ch ateau Marmont Okay, where John Belushi kind of the the room there?

oh, yeah, yeah the Single homicide of Ron Goldman. Yes. Yes and and When Marilyn Monroe and Brentwood, I you know, that's a good question. Where did she die?

Well, she washed up on a she died at Bel Air guys. Oh, oh, I'd rather not say the address because a good friend of mine lives there Oh in the death house, but yeah also very suspicious and their FBI maybe a head involvement. Mm-hmm, but we'll take you to the front of the house and then you take pictures and eat your lunch Or whatever. It's a real good time Do you let the people eat lunch whenever they want or is there a specific time of like no eating in the SUVs?

This is the place where you eat. Well, we get a lot of people who want to eat like lunch We're OJ Simpson Sure, that's the name OJ Breakfast and food. Yeah, it's a good. Okay So we'll just park the car right there right in front of the driveway and they tried to change it So you don't know what it is But we you know those of us who don't know exactly where the house is and we'll just get out there You know I'll smoke a cigar out there and just tell people hey put blankets on the ground. Yeah, this is right here That's where Nicole Simpson's head was almost cut off if you could eat you could eat during that Is it a bring your own bag lunch? Oh, yeah, we see we well We got a deal now with Jack in the Box where I'll go through the drive-through and everybody just order up But you could also bring your own way What kind of deal is that where I think everyone has that deal with Jack in the Box?

Where you can go through the drive-through in order? Well, I got a special deal where I bring like a whole van full of people Yeah, anyone can do that. I'm pretty sure that true. I'm pretty sure Yeah, you don't check with them. I think you can just Well, I thought it was pretty awesome. They could completely cater to us as soon as we get there immediately the very term fast food kind of Yeah I know for cars and stuff. It's cool But I never saw like a whole tour van get like treated like we do over that Jack in the Box there on sunset I just want to give them a shout out. Okay. Yeah, I don't think that's necessary With the top off. Well, the tops get sheared off of all my vehicles. Yeah, how does that how does that happen?

I look at those vehicles sometimes and I wonder like, you know, who did you do that?

professionally done it's kind of it's half and half I take it to a Mechanic and he just takes a blowtorch to the top. I mean vehicles aren't You know, you can't sell them again because they're gonna collapse at some point from what?

Yeah, because the cars aren't made to be convertibles But by the time I run them out and use them up, I mean, I 'll solve to someone and then they won't even know what's happening They'll just be like, oh cool Stargraves tour bus Party, what about you have this?

Well, you just started this business and you're you're already selling your SUVs and people are excited because they They know your business. Well, you gotta look into the future every business plan tells you you gotta look into the future What am I gonna do with these trucks? I basically ruined because I cut the tops off. So this is imaginary for you This is you imagining what's going to happen. It's all gonna be beautiful shot How's the sign on the side? What does it say on the side star graves? Okay, calm calm Yeah, is the website up? No It's not up, but we have the name. Uh-huh. You bought you are you thought of the name?

I'm currently talking to my lawyer about getting it finally because I think I thought you don't have to talk to a lawyer About this, by the way, you just have to buy the domain like go daddy Someone is claiming that they have it, but they haven't built on it And so now I'm trying to convince them that I thought of it before they did Oh Technically, how could you do that?

Do you have documentation there? Well, I have a few videos when I had a pool party where I was talking about it Okay, so like iPhone Yeah, do you know who owns?

The web like you know It's uh, is it actually Peter graves? I know I made a chat about it He was a star and he you know, maybe he's trying to get his website It's his great niece Nancy Nancy graves She wants to do a whole thing about Peter graves. I'm saying hey, man, no offense, but Peter graves I mean, no one even references that dude less unless he's a million years old. Yeah, like 27 years old or higher Just a real old reference. I don't know who's gonna be going up on that website Well, that's still in the word, but don't let that stop you from like calling or check out our Yelp reviews But you have a lot of Yelp reviews got a ton of Yelp reviews people just like so happy with it And you bring up your Yelp reviews. I'd love to read some of these things Yeah, here we go Yeah You have some sort of smartphone a phone that will do things Smartly as in like look up websites and stuff like that. It does it a lot smarter than like say an old Nokia. Okay Yeah, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, this phone is kind of like You leave it out you leave it by itself, you know, it's ordering Dodger tickets Is it is a great thing but we have Yelp here it's like Dude wouldn't stop when I had to go to the bathroom Insisted that we were on a time schedule Showed me Amoeba records and said that Kurt Cobain probably went there. I Mean, yeah, this is the kind of thing to I I am that doesn 't seem like a positive review It's it seems to me like you shouldn't be sending people to Yelp to look at things like that But it is a positive review also tells people right off the bat like this is no nonsense Also, I love the proximity because if you know la you know that amoeba is directly across the street from that jack-in -the-box Yeah, yeah on Sunset Boulevard Are you kind of hanging out in that area like you mentioned going to the OJ house, which is Very far away that one That was extra because of the gas. Okay. How often do you actually make it out to the OJ house?

We go there once a year on the date that OJ was convicted It happened a day he was convicted for breaking and stealing his own baseball cards Every March 17th, we all meet up in the Right there on Gower and sunset and we start the tours all about you can see my trucks parked on guard sunset Like at any given day we have a tour at 11 another at 3 another 7 and then we have a midnight tour Which is pretty scary really? What do you do in the midnight tour? Well, we leave at midnight Pretty much. It's the same tour though. It's pretty much the same tour We'll go to me but I'll do my whole Kurt Cobain what there I think at this point amoeba is closed Yeah, so they can't go in there. They can't get out. They can't get out of the truck. So that's why it's scary Which makes it even scarier. Yeah, I mean There's so much glory and fun and celebration in Hollywood But the other side of the hill is darkness the other that's a lot of part That's a part that no one wants to do you mean in the valley you go to the valley go to bourbon?

I don't get out to the valley as much as I'd like to I do get up to The mop the Hollywood Hills because we go by a lot of people died up there Like I mean you're the professional I like well, Lenny Bruce had heroin Right up there by wind crescent Avenue right by Mulholland.

Uh-huh. And so There's a there's a guy there who's pretty cool Mm-hmm, right if we bring him Jack in a box, he lets us go into the bathroom and check out or Lenny Bruce. Oh deed In his actual house. Is that in the actual house? Okay. I never knew that that so if you just bring him Jack in the box During these four tours all day. He's eating Jack in the box four times a day It sounds like and he has it sounds like he has including people using his bathroom every day Is that really the best trade-off? I mean, I mean he doesn 't seem to complain But it is a lot and then I'm 40 strangers taking dumps in his yeah Yeah, he's like turning yellow from all the the Jack in the box. I'm just kidding. He's doing okay He's kind of a fat guy anyway, so it's not like a big deal.

Okay, but but yeah, he's pretty cool about letting people use the bathroom Yeah, pretty cool or or Extremely cool meaning no problem. Yeah, it could really cool. Okay, because I let me give it up for Buddha Dave Buddha Dave Thank you very much Buddha or booty Booty booty Dave. Okay booty Dave up there in the head on the cool about it. He's pretty cool He says it on any given day if you give him half-hour he could touch a chick's butt Really? Have you seen him do it? I have seen him do it. Yes . You're saying that that he sees any girl anywhere in the world If he's in proximity give him a half-hour and then he'll chatter up stir booty Like well, he'll chat him up or not. Sometimes he'll be like, oh, excuse me I gotta I gotta get this apple from the tree and then it just touches his body against her but that's technically like it counts Yeah, I don't know. I mean you're the tour guide. Are there a lot of apple trees out here in Hollywood that There are there's a lot of apple trees. There's one on dohini and And gaur Right in your sweet spot you include in the tour like the knowledge that you're going by apple trees or is it just a surprise?

Well, I tell everybody on the bus is just go for it grab whatever you can if you're you know If we go over a lemon tree grab some lemons while we're passing underneath it. Yes. Yeah Go to Christopher Hewitt's home in Beverly Hills. I say just run out there and take some flowers just a few cutt ings Yeah, so but I would imagine 40 people Taking a few flowers. Yeah, I mean it would be There there would be no flowers the flower. Yeah, I would not everybody does it I mean, that's a that's the thing that we don't go everybody go rip off flowers, you know We're like go ahead grab a flower take a picture you know, we go to Christopher Hewitt's house because He was mr. Belvedere and he once sat on his own nuts. Right ? Yeah, that's a great story. Everybody knows that the Sand ler was working on Mr. Belvedere at the time and they had to stop production because Christopher Hewitt sat on his own balls, right?

So you'll be surprised how many times they get guys coming in who's like take me to the Christopher Hewitt's house I want to see where mr. Belvedere sat on his own balls I'm like, well if you want to go where he sat on his own balls, we have to go to Raleigh Studios But if you have a series left where he slept, you know work , you know working out the pain, right?

Yeah, then that's in Bel Air. Okay by By Sandy Lane, uh-huh. And what are they? I'd say I'd be hooked because that's a different thing. What do they usually choose?

They choose the Raleigh Studios Yeah, they want to go where he sat. Can you actually go in there though?

Do you have passes to go into Raleigh Studios?

No, but in the back you could kind of see the door of the studio if you go like to the side I Forget the street right now. I think it's I think it's uh Van Nuys right and s yeah if you write out Van Ness you could look and you could see the door to studio for and the inside there is Where Christopher Hewitt sat on his own balls and caused so much damage that they had to cancel that week's show Wow Boy one week Joe. Can I see where you from?

What?

That's you say that I'm from here from California you said what almost like you were stalling yeah Yeah, like I was thinking like you're trying to think I didn't know if he was asking me What are you about? Like what's my gang?

Wait, do you have a gang affiliation you I do?

Why may I ask I do Spanish disciples right now the what really and let me just say these guys are They're gang bangers and they're all looking for a way out, but they clean up the vans Wait, so you have all the you have your gang members working on the vans with you I well you say it like a negative thing. What up? This is like sounds like a very nice outreach is what it is Man, if I they former gang members for former current, oh, they're aspiring aspiring You're trying to get them into that you're trying to jump them in trying to get them in I'm trying to keep them busy so that they're not out pop pop pop it, you know, but you're trying to I'm sorry, Joe I don't know this is very interesting. I'm just I'm just you're you're recruiting gang members, huh?

By washing your suvs you say you're trying to get them off the streets But I think you know to getting them off the street so that you they would never get into that gang Well the question that you know, there is a discussion while we're cleaning up the cars like maybe this isn't the best idea for you Man, I'm really good at washing cars. Maybe you should get a job washing car, you know It's so but then because if I come in and I say quick gigs bad for you good die They'll be like fuck these guys man. These guys full of shit. That's kind of race. Yeah Let me ask you question. Are you are you Hispanic? Like you 're not even a Like a white guy and wondering how you got in about Hispanic But I grew up with three of them when I was growing up Three of them in Los Feliz before Los Feliz was you know, the playground of the Hollywood elite It was a regular neighborhood and I had three black friends three Hispanic friends Uh-huh, and then you did you have any white friends or her though? I didn't have any white friends. I'm so sorry I'm sorry Until in high school. I didn't see the white person what so yes, I me too. You know what I mean years I looked at a white person. I was like, they must be German or something They must be tourists because I never seen a white person.

I was like, what's that? I lost feelings. Yeah, except for in the mirror Yeah, but I was little so I didn't even seem like a real person Your fear I get that. All right, tell you what, why don't we take another break?

Joe and Gerard and when we come back I want to hear about some of the recent celebrities who have died and and some of the people that You must be going to now. We'll take a break. We'll be right back with a little more comedy bang bang after this Comedy bang bang we're back here with your ride car Michael comedian Extraordinaire. Oh, that's nice. Yeah fair. Okay. Yeah, and Just have to say other than Gerard de Pardee. You're like one of the nicest Gerard's I've ever seen first of all It's not Gerard. It's Gerard. How do you spell that?

J E R R O D. Oh Yeah, and Gerard puts the OD in Gerard. Am I right?

Drugs you're like Jared like the subway fact skinny guy.

What do you in what way Jared? He's an e Jared He's Jared. He's not your rod But is it supposed to see no not at all? No, not in the least. There is a J and a D Yeah, it's it's everything in between that it's bookending is different. It's different though, but I understand what things don't connect Yeah, I was so hoping that would connect. What were your three black friends name?

Jerry Branded Lalo Lalo is actually Caribbean Lalo a lot of the people in the Caribbean name their children after like nonsense words and songs So it's like oh, yeah Lala a lot of ooh, la la's or the song or the sound that you make from a like the steel drum steel drum Ring-ding-ding. Yeah, I had a good friend called big big big in college. Yeah, he was from he's from Jamaica Yeah, she got picked on. Yeah, what were your Hispanic friends names?

It's hard to remember huh be like all What was pito?

one was Nalgas and the other one was a vagina Vagina, but Gina the woman was named, but Gina like like vagina. Yes There was a thing in the 90s where Hispanic people were naming them their kids after like sex organs. Oh really?

So pretty much just but Gina and Venus Also also by the way, the guy that beat us in the 90s. So you grew up with someone who's probably like 17 now uh-huh, 18 19 So you're like 19 years old you went to France six years ago with your girlfriend knocked her up four year old You have a four. Yeah delayed. Hey babies having babies, you know, what happens out there But hey, at least you're back on your feet, you know, yeah, this all makes sense I'm sorry to bring so much We're trying to reiterate for the viewer and paint a picture because this is an oral art form Yeah, people can't see what we're seeing which is you know, a 19 year old man 19 year old white man Yeah, yeah, but you guys are saying that when I was four years old, I was in high school That's just not true. What is it? What is true? I think I'm being Harangued by a couple prosecuting attorneys here. No, no, no. No. Well, the truth is I was in high school Okay, when I at a normal age 14 to 18, right?

It was the 90s Okay, so you're older than then we think then yes. Okay. So the one part that wasn't true is you didn't get I Wasn't in high school yesterday Did I say that? I don't know. I don't know. I'm a little confused. I was very young face. Yeah, you do Thank you How much do you weigh by the way?

You see you're a very thin like perilously thin person, but yeah, I weigh about a hundred Yeah, you see I try to keep it around a hundred by the way You have a kind of a stuffed up now You seem sick like you're like kind of frail and sickly is that I mean what what's the reason for that citrusy?

You say that Scott when I was a kid. I Didn't hang out with a lot of kids. You just have those six friends. I just had those six friends Gina Gina Lalo Venice Okay, yeah, but this is when you're younger, okay So wait, would you ask me? Well, I mean, why are you so thin you didn't have a lot of friends?

Yeah, I just I watched old movies, you know, and I always watched old TV shows then I started thinking like these are all dead You know all these black and white faces are all dead. I'm like, where are they?

So and would just to reiterate it's not black people and white people. It's the movies are old. So the the shades of Black and white I met black and white people I'm sorry. Why am I explaining this?

Because there was a time I'm sorry to say is drawn but there's a time when black people couldn't be in movies and white people No, not my favorite genre. So what you were watching like 48 hours and all the black people and white people are dead I watched all I watched car wash 48 hours the wash which is the remake of the car wash running scared Snoop Dogg scared with Gregory Hines and Billy Boys in the hood sure sure The movies were black guys Dracula in space. Oh, yeah. Yeah . Yeah. Classic blade blade. Yeah What's this nice was just released from jail? That's right.

Yeah, maybe right go buy his house for the tour but uh but to but to reiterate you were watching running scared with Gregory Hines and you realize Gregory Hines was dead and It made you afraid and it made you thin is that maybe it made me afraid to go outside Okay, and obsessed with death and obsessed with death and then that's where I went to where Gregory Hines died. Mm-h mm. Where was that?

It's a really nice place Beachwood Canyon. Oh, okay. No by just in a house up there or in the Just by that cafe up there. Oh, okay. I guess he had a tart attack and died. Did you say a tart attack?

He had a tartar attack. Just kidding Yeah, he had a meal up there and on a beach with cafe passed away and He was so intense and serious that people didn't know he died And he was in there for two days. Oh my god, people just assumed that yeah, he was intense and serious They're like, he's quiet. He likes to keep to himself and they let him yeah, just sitting there for two days Oh, that's incredible. Read LA Weekly. Oh, yeah, but I'll take you I'll take everyone there and we'll go in the restaurant It's changed now. It's at the beach with cafe now. It's a different restaurant, but that's where he died. Mmm People get a kick out of it. So what seems to me the tour is just various stops at restaurants Yeah, are you eating well while this is happening is this just Well, I weigh a hundred pounds. Yeah, so I always have to have a little food at me So you're eating several meals a day like once an hour eating a tiny meal. That's right So what we've done is we've found out a way to get we optimize this tour so that every stop there's a restaurant and also It's not too far. So I don't use a lot of gas. Okay, so You'll use a tiny bit of gas you'll stop you'll get a little bit of granola or some yogurt or something Keep yourself going for another hour Yeah, do you is it also is every stop near a gas station so you can get a tiny bit of gas at every gas station and then They're all there and that's the best thing about that's the best thing about Los Angeles is you can get gas and food at the same Place, isn't that amazing? Yeah, you think remember back? I mean and you don't because you're a young man, you know We're both young as well But remember when gas stations were just for gas. Yeah.

Yeah, so boring boring spice it up guys I hated it going there my father, you know, it's the 21st century. Let's get some food up in this mug Go to yeah a MPM's and it was just you know, yeah, it's just like go Hey, what are you selling here at this a MPM? They'd be like gas. Yes, almost embarrassed. Yeah They're like, yeah, we know we know it would be better with food span. We could have no we know Yeah, yeah, but we're not gonna do it for a while the business more. It's it's you know, like you're talking about how we do it Well, I'll tell you how we do it. Okay. Well, I wasn't I wasn't talking about it. But yeah, please tell me You guys were asking so I'm gonna tell you how we did. I wasn't really but go ahead. Uh, We have a tour to Musician Elliot Smith's house where he killed himself. Sure . Sure. That's a tragic tragedy for the music community of musicians terrible terrible story Some people still believe his wife killed him. Mm-hmm. Sure . All right, you talk about that on the tour. I do Hmm, I basically claimed that she killed him. It's makes the story. Do you know his wife? I don't know her I don't know the story that well, but it makes it makes the thing a little creepier. Yeah. Yeah Yeah, especially during the midnight Yeah Now you take Echo Park Boulevard up there and you make you make a left somewhere like near Something and you get up to I'm not telling everybody on the radio how to get there Oh, I see but you do know you're not just driving around in a circle Hoping to find it. Oh, wait, I know we go there. We check it out. I blame the girlfriend for killing him. I Go down. It's a good checklist we have We have $5 pizzas at Little Caesars there's a Little Caes ars now down there okay by Echo Park and Scott We just sit there and we'll have pizzas and we'll be like that's fucked up that bitch killed Elliot Smith. It's like yeah. Yeah Yeah, it's fucked up. Yeah I like you want to go like where he painted his album cover and then we'll go down to sunset there by that music place Near fountain and I will all take pictures in front of the sign there. Yeah, by the way, this is like a two-mile radius Sure, so for gas Yeah, so do you pick the celebrities based off of?

Convenience a lot of times. Yeah more so than actually Trying to go to where these celebrities have the sal video was stabbed near a club there right off of Hollywood Boulevard Yeah, what I'll do is I'll go Let's go Roscoe's chicken and waffles right there on Gower boom and then right where the white where the veins are. Mm-hmm That's right. Now if you go a few blocks up now that takes you to Franklin Mm-hmm, you make a left right there and that's where mama Cass choked on a hand sandwich died. Okay, really? Yeah Yeah, and then and then there's a there's also a sandwich shop right near there I know where you can get a your own ham sandwich. He can't and you're like, hey watch out, you know Make sure you're like I say easy on the ham. Yeah Light hand white ham, but I mean you're getting a light ham anyway, because you're eating just like nibbles like finger sandwiches I get the they at subway. They have a thing called the animal which is just lettuce and bread That's just like a couple of bread crumbs and like a torn off It's like they take the bowl They take like a little soup bowl and they'll throw a little piece of cup like five pieces of bread in there Mm-hmm, and then just cover it lettuce. Mm-hmm. I give up.

Well, that's off the menu. That's like the Time you wanted if you ask for it Our in Hollywood It's really good place. You don't need to give them shout outs there Sounds like they're just a lot of are you doing the two are you gonna do it?

I would do it to draw do you want to do it after we do we is there like a discount or a podcast is quite like you were on a show with absolutely drive what I like to do is because you're you're now you're a Stand-up comic who is on the rise and a celebrity we could always use like celebrity customers I would like to take you on an exclusive. I Think I'm calling right now Dead black Hollywood. Mmm. Wow, that's interesting. Yeah, I 'll take you where We're gonna fly to Las Vegas. See where Tupac got shot. Oh Wow, this is this is like really that like that's a lot of gas. It's a lot of gas. Yeah That's why we're flying for that one. That's it. That's a high-pitched. Use the same amount of gas either way. Go ahead So we're taking the Southwest flight Okay to Vegas and we're gonna see where Tupac got shot and then we're getting back on a plane. We're coming off at LAX Mm-hmm. That's where I pick up my van and we go down where biggie got shot. Ah Yeah, we'll sure Fairfax and then I'm sure Gregory Hines go up to there to Beachwood back up to Gregory Hines is in it. Mm-hmm. Sure Who else you got that's all we got right now, okay, so It'll keep you busy so parking Gregory Hines What celebrities have you taken then shown the sights before?

What clientele sounds to me like you're just coming up with this off the top of your head like you This is like some new special that you're offering just well because you're odd Gerard was here and I wanted what's this?

What Scott's special? Yeah, what about me? What would I get if you were gonna tailor, you know a Tour just for me. Well because your comedy background I probably take you wrong comedians died Okay, like so we go to Chateau Marmont a kongola three is where John Belushi died Okay, you and I would play a little table tennis. They have a table tennis there. Oh, that sounds fun. I call it ping-p ong Well agree to disagree on that's your problem yeah, that was oh boy that was a tense moment there for a second I didn't know which side to pick. Yeah I'm sure the listeners were on the edge of their seat guys are actually the biggie to pop of table tennis ping-pong.

Yeah Mm-hmm for that man. So who else you got you got you got Balooch. Yeah, Richard Jenny Jenny. Yeah the platypus man Where was he? Where did he die? He died less Sienna got near where near Santa Monica No in Santa Monica, I'm thin over there by the Isn't there like a Hugo's well Barney's Beanery's there any scenery sure we meet at Barney's Beanery for that one Oh, okay, right. All right. How what do you have when you get there at Barney's Beanery?

Yeah, I have huevos rancheros extra beans extra beans So that's your big meal of the day or that's my big one cuz that's what I got to be driving I got to be talking about like all my all my facts about dead celebrities And so I got to fill up with nice like energizing breakfast . Okay So what about like new celebrities who have passed away like a net food nachello for instance, you know, she just passed away That food nachello. Yeah, the the Mouseketeer. Yes. Oh, she did pass away. She passed away. Yeah 70 I believe you know where she lived but chance I don't have the address It seems like this would be kind of you know, your thing your thing. Like do you have sources on the police department?

No, I what I do is I I hang out at bars at night and I ask old people like if they know any cool things Everyone has their Hollywood stories. So so I'll just kind of get my leads that way Have you ever met an older?

Celebrity in a bar and asked them if you could kind of like hang out with them until they pass away. I Once you know what? This is very interesting. I once met Larry fine for Three Stooges. Sure. Oh, wow He played Larry in the three Played little no and he was living in an old folks home at Glendale and just a sweet guy Always like had just had great tales of old Hollywood But by this time, you know, he was pretty much shitting himself constantly Where'd you meet him at the old folks home in Glendale?

Okay, you were what were you doing there?

I was us I was cleaning up floors for a while. I noticed I 'm like, whoa, that's Larry from Three Stooges Okay, shitting himself constantly shit himself all the time . I don't want everyone's memory to be of Larry Larry fine shitting himself. No, you want to remember him like getting hit in the head and not shitting himself Yeah, getting chunks of hair ripped off his head, you know that fun stuff. Yeah, but by this time he was shitting himself What if he was talking to the fuck when you're watching the Three Stooges? Mm-hmm What if they shit themselves every time they got hit with the way they be?

It was just a well you saying I thought it was like a behind the scenes thing It could be that little like you didn't know this fact, but right every time they or it would be like hey you clonk Yeah, and they just shit themselves and you saw it would those be that would be good That's like updating the Three Stooges for the 21st century , you know, yeah, you know it must have happened At least once must have happened because they did some crazy stunts cuz you know you every fight I mean, I would laugh if I saw if one bit ended with you know, someone's head being pressed in the vice and then You shit your pants dumb scum. That's like that. That's a pretty good impression of one of them I'm not sure which one couldn't put a name to it But so anyway continue with your story about Larry what you he was shitting himself Came up to him and you you talked to him at all. Cuz yeah, he's like He was with Marilyn Monroe, no, he wasn't but he said he knew about Marilyn Monroe. Oh, so he was a fan Yeah, he's like she was beautiful. Okay. She was the only girl who could walk into a bedroom naked and You would be like Is that a painting?

Hmm, you know and again, he did not know her. He just was assuming this about her. No, he knew he knew her He said that wait a minute now He knew her and it was white. Why did you say he didn't earlier? Did I lie about that?

He are you trying to protect Larry fine here or something or come on?

That's the thing Scott. I you know, we take these things we like have these tours, but I always respect the dead Always, you know people like say I take advantage of the dead or like I'm making profit off it I make a little profit, but what I'm bringing is a Hollywood the Hollywood nightmare to America They come here for the Hollywood dream. They go see American Idol, but they want the American nightmare They come to Stargraves that cow. Okay. I don't know what that has to do with you lying about Larry fine Knowing Marilyn Monroe, but continue he knew Marilyn Monroe He knew Marilyn Monroe and he had sex with her I would imagine because he saw her naked in a bedroom and he thought she was a painting He did it. He didn't have sex with her, but he said she wasn't innocent She took they would took advantage of her and he said that Nelson Mandela and John F. Kennedy Double team double team what?

Yeah, crazy. And this is the time where Black people and white people weren't allowed to double team. Yeah. No, I mean Double team that's one of the great strides. We've made racial equality is black people Nobody talks and white people can finally double team.

Nobody talks about this. Yeah, and this was a very very controversial Situation is a very controversial double teaming. Yeah, and then when when it started to come out that they had double teamed her the night before her Death what the CIA had Nelson Mandela jailed No so that he killed her Jailed him killed that JFK to why killed all three of them.

Yeah in a way to what end who are they protecting?

Just the sanctity of the office in a way. Mandela was given a light sentence Yeah, by the way, what's scary about this just did the math in my head it adds up you guys it does and why didn't I?

Actually adds up. That's me like they would kill Mandela You know, I mean first well, you know what I mean, but no they and Ella though. Yeah, that's true I mean, he's a nice guy. He's really he was nice Is that really that was the difference between it is he was nicer than the other two while JFK had no choice He had too many enemies but But Larry fine told me that story. Where was Larry during this?

Escapade this classic double-teaming. Well, they used to hang up at the Rainbow Room Mmm, they used to hang up 20 years ago Larry fine would hang out with Marilyn Rose makeup artists at the Rainbow Room Incidentally a little band called Motley Crue, we're just getting their chops when Larry fine was still there Larry fine love Metal Wow. Yeah, mainly because he was probably losing his hair And so he saw it is like a thing to aspire to he wasn't a clown anymore Mmm, because there was all these interesting hairstyles in the club right just he fit in you fit it finally So you're saying Larry finds hairstyle fit in in the hair metal scene in the 80s. Yeah. Yeah, isn't that weird?

It is weird and almost long for you to finally fit in somewhere. It's so beautiful and sad at the same time I guess so. I guess that's one lesson. Well, I think Larry fine loved hair metal interesting. It seemed like you got really close He was actually going to that show to see great white. Mm-h mm, Delaware where everyone was burned to death Oh, hey, he was still alive. She was still I but he was too slow to to get in He was too slow to get in so when people were coming out It didn't matter. He was already out. He's survived. How did he fake his own death then because by all accounts He was dead by by this point. So how did he ever tell you about this? Wait by all accounts? Oh sure by All accounts. Okay He was dead at the time. So what happened with that with the faking of the death? I assume he faked his own death Well, this is where it gets really interesting. Okay, I've been wondering why you've been saving Do you know You know a stooge called curly Joe Dorita, of course, he replaced curly the original curly No one's favorite stooge by any stretch of the imagination probably fifth favorite stooge fifth favorite maybe sixth behind Joe Besser. Yeah, Joe Besser who is Matt Besser's dad And that is That is fact by the way, that is total fact curly Joe Dor ito would just he lived in the same old folks home So they would jump in each other's beds by the way. He was a whole lot of he was the he was the Founder of the Doritos fortune by the way. Oh, he lived very comfortably towards the end of his life It all folks home Maybe Perhaps having a gay relationship with Larry fine. Okay, so I was gonna say if he was very comfortable Why didn't he just live at home and have a live-in nurse c uz he liked it there likes Larry And what they would do is they would they would like kiss and stuff A lot of the orderlies were like grossed out by this and you saw this. Oh, yeah I was an orderly or a janitor and I wasn't grossed out But I saw it Larry fine would make out with curly Joe Dor ita and the whole staff would be like Look at those old dudes fucking each other Let's get out of they used to be in the three Stooges together and now they're making out together. It's crazy Call them the two Stooges. Oh, that's a good nickname Forever and then forever from that day on if there was a gay act we were referring to we called it the two Stooges Stooging it's too jing. Yeah, like Liberace probably too st ooge with Charles Nelson Riley with the Nelson Riley and you saw this I didn't see Charles Nelson, right?

I mean I'm saying you saw I saw Larry fine and curly Joe Dorita to suging it making out to stitching really And then so like what no one would go on and watch to bed so people could just walk out Curly Joe wanted to go get you know Some matzo ball suit back canters who just walk out and do it, you know, sure meanwhile What's going on with the fakie of the death?

Meanwhile People are like cut to people are so at this point Grossed out by this that they're just like they're not even checking in anymore on these guys okay, curly Joe Dorita dies because he didn't get his medicine and Larry fine was just Larry fine was out there for a long time and People just thought oh, it's Larry fine in bed, but it was actually Curly Joe Dorita. Okay advice first. So they both used each other as decoys I see so everyone thought that Larry fine had died But it was really just curly Joe Dorita No one cared enough to check Because they were too grossed out by the two stooging because they had they had walked in on many sex acts Okay, I mean it's kind of strange like imagine if you saw like Winston Churchill blowing Chaplin or something. It's weird Yeah, it's not something you recover from. Yeah, so they're seeing curly Joe Dorita and Larry fine like who's 69 each other to studio and how old are they at this at this? Oh my Jesus man. They're like 89 So anyway, so Larry then he escapes and he goes he's big into the hair metal scene He wants to go to that great white show that burnt down and killed everyone, but he's too slow and he doesn't get in So yeah, is he still out there? Is he still with us?

There's rumors that he's still out here That Larry fine right now. He'd be I think he'd be a hundred and sixteen years old sure But I would put it past him. I would put it past him. Yeah, and the way you find out if he's like If he's alive what he's doing is he's with another old comedian Performing sexual acts and getting the staff of the old folks home like off it off the chase Okay, so if you see a 116 year old man with a Larry fine haircut Mm-hmm, then chance appears to be Larry fine and who's having some sort of relationship with another older comedian yeah, like a I Guess Sid Caesar is no longer with us, but Like a Shecky Green Perfect if you see Shecky Green and Larry fine going at it In fact, if you just see Shecky Green you should anyone sees Shecky Green, please go up to him and say hey Are you two stooging it with Larry fine?

You still I wouldn't it just becomes a slur. I would love it if That happened to him ten times in this year If you see he just wondered why people were coming up to him ask him if he was too suging it with Larry fine Well, I'm gonna ask him we should ask him. Wait, is he on the tour?

Shecky Green. Yeah, I don't think so. I think he's dead But so we're supposed to but if he's not then we're supposed to go I'm gonna look this up because I Enthusiasm really? Oh, that's right. It's good to see Scott using his power for good. It's good to see him using this outlet Let me look him up here. Meanwhile Tell us what?

Yeah, he's still with us Born in 1926. So he's definitely too stupid You think he's too soon? He's 87 years old seven. Yeah. No, I would imagine that he's in there Who's that? Shecky Green? Shecky Green since Caesar to I think it's still alive. Let me look that one on because I know I don't think you don't think so. I'm not sure though. I Feel like it would have come up. I'm not gonna use all my time talking about who's alive who's dead No, he well, no, he is he's 90 years old. That's right. Wow . He's just In it, I didn't know that. Yeah, it was good good for using Sid Caesar Shecky and Shecky Green or maybe three stooge in it Have you been to waffle?

Have I been waffle the waffle the restaurant? Oh On sunset. Yeah over my gour. Yeah, I Saw Sid Caesar there what?

I'm pretty sure He was too students in In the waffle in the waffle in the bathroom of the waffle with Larry fine with Larry fine Oh my goodness or and or The other guy you mentioned Shecky Green Shecky Green. Okay, so you think those two are too stoogeing without Larry But this is the thing if they get together and three stooge it. Mm-hmm. It's not gay anymore. Ah cancels itself Interesting interesting theories here. Well, you know, I mean we've learned a lot about the sex capades I mean which is a compound word I made Sexual escapades, but I put it together. I think I've heard it before but I don't know I'm pretty sure I came up with it But uh sex capades of the the famous and this is the kind of thing we'll hear on your tour isn't isn't that right Joe ?

No, oh you don't talk about this at all I won't I don't talk about homosexuality on a tour because you get a lot of Christian people It just seems to me like instead of going around to places you don't really know about And have no connection to you've you have this wonderful rich history with Larry fine. You could build a whole tour on that yeah, but that's cool for the like Podcast but you know if you get a lot of people from the south and then you know They're all in the they're all in the van trying to have a good time and you're like, hey, guess what Larry fine?

Blue Shecky Green, you know, it's like it's a tour off the run. Yeah You know your business. I I don't want to get involved here Thank you Scott and it is a good business and I really wish the audience to just go out and go out get at Stargaze calm and just get a ticket Not yet, wait a little bit until you actually get it and then wait till we get it going yeah, and if you mentioned Scott ockerman's name you get a I'll give 10% off the second ticket my goodness that well that is quite a deal for our listeners. That's akin to a Bonobo style deal Anyway, I Think that's almost all the time we have we do have one little thing we have to do and that's a little something that we call plugs Oh I Oh I Oh Oh Fucking beautiful that was beautiful that is by the Har riers that was gimme a P gimme an L etc by the Harriers Great plugs theme those Good good tunes good. Thanks. You're a listener then. Yeah Oh, okay Do you do you play the the show and in the vans while you 're driving around?

Kind of would save you some talking time. You could play this one. I can't I might do that What I usually do is sing karaoke Oh Like what I'll just have my karaoke machine running and I 'll just sing while we're driving while you're driving. Yeah . Okay, I do everything I hope you have like one of those Janet Jackson headset m ics. You're not like actually grabbing onto a stick mic while you're driving No, I'm holding on to this stand With the whole stand as well. Oh Mike stand. Yeah, that's not safe It's not but it's all part of the thrill though Hollywood Do you try to scare these people into thinking they're gonna die on the tour as well?

Yeah Definitely just with that's part of the thrill is like a rollercoaster reckless driving and yeah I tell them I've had two DUIs and I didn't sleep last night . Wait, are you lying or is that the truth?

Okay. All right, but you you don't you just tell them I just tell them yeah Yeah, that's why they get scared because if you don't tell them you can be sued. So Yeah, and it just it's a done. It works both ways. They get scared and then they're also extra careful, right? Okay good Alright, well, let's let's plug some stuff up Gerard. Did you do any thinking about your plugs? No, I was so Captivated by Joe I'm you know around and you're around and people can follow you at a Yeah, and some other stuff one month May the like May 29th I think it's and how long is that tour for a month for a month and where you're going everywhere I bet I'm going everywhere like big places to eat. He must sell big place Oh, man the guys you know and do you suggest getting there on time to see you or do you suggest getting there a little late so that they miss You and they just catch Daniel Tosh I suggest getting there a few minutes late because I'm not sure my opener will be Oh, yeah, you have an opener as well. Yeah, so just a few minutes cannot Really say the quality is gonna be there for I can't get no well No, I'm opening the show get there on time Would you suggest would you suggest when people come in and they don't see Daniel Tosh and they see me some other guy?

Yeah stage. Do you suggest that they yell out? Hey, what is this?

I paid for a Daniel Tosh show and yet there is a different person on stage I would like to quietly suggest that they not do that. Okay , you're gonna be quiet while you see well Yeah, well, I'm not meaning I don't want to say it in the venue. I want to say it now. Okay, but please don't do that Please don't do that. Yeah, what if every single person did that and then you explained it to them and they went oh I understand there's an opening act and then they sat down and they that could be interesting But you can't take out time of a show Explain a show. I think I could open for Daniel Tosh if that's all I had to do during Well, you can't but you can't explain a show during the show that defeats I think that I could probably do a half hour if that's all I had to do if you could just Every single person came in and I said no actually Daniel Tosh will be up a little later I'm opening the show. You might as well be an usher. I guess you could do it after every joke Yeah, not even have to have jokes. Just another person walks in I explain to them. Oh, yeah, don't be freaked out This is uh, Daniel Tosh is coming up. I'm just sitting here Don't worry That's what I suggest if people see your act so that's kind of what you do right there smoke a cigar And I'll explain to them that right the the show is gonna continue What do I want to put we'll get to you in a second Joe?

What do I want to plug? I want to plug I Got what do I have coming? I have oh, yeah. Yeah, it was announced. Um, I will be at some places Coming up in June. I will be June 6 7 & 8 I'll be at the Austin Television Festival and we'll be premiering the comedy bang-bang TV show we'll be showing one or two new episodes from the new season and I believe I'll be doing a live date out there as well and in June It lasts from 13 14 15 to maybe 16th Bonnaroo. I'll be out there Bonnaroo with Reggie Reggie and I together Come see us at Bonnaroo people. I might take the truck down there Take the truck to Bonnaroo anybody die there. I don't know maybe I'm Girard I give maybe Girard might pass away during this and you strike while the iron is hot God forbid your god bless it. I also want to thank Dane ch ote that may be a made-up name. Maybe not Hey, I don't want to really Maybe it is but Dane showed thank you so much for donating $100 to CBB if that I don't mean to cast dispersions on your name. This probably is your name. I did it seemed like Someone was playing a joke chote. Ch o a te It's probably his name And maybe it's not even a he Dane that could be I mean, that's I have a relative named Dane So I immediately got a sign. Yeah, I assigned the male gender Dane chote there it is Oh Don. Yay. Wait a minute Don. Yay.

Oh Someone transpose the letters. It's actually Don. Yay spell that da nye Okay, Don. Yay like Kanye. Okay, Don. Yay chote. That's not a made-up name. That's a star's name I mean, that's a great name. That's a great name Don. Yay chote I would I would watch that movie or listen to that album, whatever it is. Me too All right. So thanks so much Don. Yay something coming out to you now Joe Francis Apostrophe s what do you have to plug?

star graves calm Also soon soon soon. Yeah Investor my company Horatio sands follow him on Twitter. Oh , he he put up a lot of the money for you Put up like 50 grand. Oh my god, and what is his Twitter handle?

Mr. Horatio sands. Okay, and he put up 50 grand. Yeah That's the Louis right there Twitter Yeah, or don't okay, but definitely come see a tour Yeah, and just like hang out if you probably can't get tickets in advance because the website isn't up But just go hang out at sunset Gower. You'll see the Vans, right? Oh, yeah, if you go up to Gower Gulch, I usually hang out there and I'm selling tickets at the Denny 's I hang out at the Denny's bottomless. They have any pretty good about on those cups of coffee And that's all you have there, right?

I'll have barley soup and coffee. Usually that's a great combo good. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's close up the old plug bag And guys thank you so much for being on the show Gerard, thank you a great second appearance. No, thank you for having me We'll go to Bonnaroo. Well, I'll see you at Bonnaroo and not until then and Joe Thank you so much for being here for the first time loved having you on and That's it for us. We'll see you actually we have a show on Thursday. So a Bonus this is a show so that'll be on that'll be on Thursday. So we'll see you then. Thanks. Bye This has been an earwolf media production executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman for more information visit earwolf.com And now The Wolf Dead.
