---
layout: page
title: 214. Jen Kirkman, Pamela Murphy [18748⧸21100].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

She's never been on the show before. Comedian Jen Kirkman is here!

We'll talk about why she's never been on the show before.

Plus, we have activist Karen Porter will be with us.

This is a very exciting show. All of that and more all on today's ♫ Comedy Bang Bang by Rowlan ♫ Hey y'all, it's basketball! Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Good catchphrase! That's submitted by Paul Paul Paul. I wonder if that's Paul F. Tompkins.

I'd like to think that he's just sitting around on the ear wolf board submitting catchphrases.

Hey y'all, it's basketball! Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

This is Comedy Bang Bang for a special Thursday bonus episode and Scott Aukerman, your host, welcome to the show. If this is your first time listening to the show, welcome!

It's a warm inviting place and I can only imagine that our lead guest today is bringing along her fans with her to listen to this so I would imagine she just made a face like, what fans?

We'll find out but it's Comedy Bang Bang for a special midweek episode and we have a doozy today because we have someone I've been trying to get on the show for literally four years now and she has never been on the show before. Is that true? It's true, I've never been on before.

And people ask me all the time, why is Jen not on the show?

And we'll introduce you in a second.

Because of our big fight, but we'll talk about that later.

We'll talk about that in a second after we introduce you.

Mainly it's just because you work almost every day of the week. I work every day of the week, yeah.

I was for a while and your schedule, my schedule were just complete opus. Your schedule, my schedule, it's not, you know, split hairs.

But yeah, they finally aligned. We had to get in here early morning on a Saturday and let's talk about the weather. Hollywood day is a little ha zy. All right, so there's your weather report.

Probably not gonna apply as it's about five days later, but a little hazy today.

And I'll introduce you in a second. And you know her as a comedian in her own right and a friend of mine for a while. I mean, or work acquaintance.

We don't work together, but comedy acquaintance.

Yes, of course. Big time.

How long have you been working together?

Like I went to your wedding. That's a level of friendship.

We were at it at one point.

I went to your reception. Oh, yeah, I had an LA reception.

Up on Chelsea Hamlet.

You didn't come to my divorce though.

Your doomed marriage reception.

My doomed marriage reception. I didn't invite anyone to the divorce. It was a private affair between me and some close friends.

That's a family affair. A Sly Stone once told us.

And we'll get to you in a second.

But you know her as, now you're, and we'll talk about this of course, but now you're sort of a celebrity talking head on shows, I guess?

I am? What shows? What?

Well, you're on Chelsea Lately, right?

Oh, I'm on Chelsea Lately on the round table all the time.

On the round table. And we'll talk about that in detail.

And she's writing a book, which is out. Is that right?

It's out Tuesday. I bought you a free copy.

Well, this will be Thursday, so it's out.

Oh, it's out now, you mother effers.

And you brought me a copy? Hand it over. Hand it over. And I'll say the title out loud as it's handed over to me.

And everyone should buy the hard copy because on the back cover I'm wearing leather pants. I mean, why not take a look? Take a look!

Yeah. Alright.

But it's out and you go to your favorite bookstore.

Yeah, well, I would suggest just going to the bookstore, turning the book over, taking a look at those leather pants , and then walking home without buying it.

Whoa. Whoa.

Yeah, well, in fact, Frank's taking a picture of the back cover of the book right now, and so I would suggest just going to the Earwolf website, taking a look at those leather pants, not even buying the book.

This is not good promotion. Week one sales are the most important. Everyone should buy it.

Okay, now, the title of the book is I Can Barely Take Care of Myself.

Inflection is perfect.

Tales from a Happy Life without kids. And apparently Chelsea Handler thinks it's very funny because that's the quote she gave it. That's like the bare minimum you can do.

It's the bare minimum. She wrote a longer thing on the back , but they do this thing called a burst on the front.

A burst.

Because they're like, well, no one knows you, but they know her, so we'll put her name on it.

Sure. Very funny. Is that how she said it when she said it to you?

No, she sent me a text.

Was she sarcastic when she, oh, there's a text?

No. No, she sent me a text of how much she loved it, and then I said, can I get a quote? And then she sent a different quote.

Very funny.

But I almost used the text.

What was the text?

It was like, this is freaking hysterical. I'm laughing out loud. I love this. I'm so proud of you.

Wow, that's so great.

But then I thought, well, maybe that could be the quote.

Maybe you should just do a screen capture, and we'll get to your introduction in a second. Just a screen capture of the text.

That would have been really funny. I should have done that.

Well, you know, there's no second chances in life.

Nope.

You know what I was thinking the other day, and we'll introduce you in just one second, but I was on set because we're in the middle of filming the comedy Bang Bang 2.

It's Hollywood night.

Must be nice.

And we did one take of something, and it was okay. You know ? And then we did a second take and a third take, and finally we captured it on that fourth take.

I just, I really started to realize, though, in life, there are no second takes.

They say, you know what they say, I don't know if you've heard this.

No, I have not.

Life is not a dress rehearsal.

Whoa!

This is the final performance. The whole thing is the opening and closing night all at the same time.

So you've got to get it right, you know?

Or you have to just enjoy how wrong it is.

Well, we're all in a race to death, and we hope we come in last, but, and we'll introduce you here just right now, as a matter of fact. Jen Kirkman is here.

Oh, hi. Thank you.

Jen Kirkman.

This is the greatest.

How are you?

I'm really great. Just had a facial.

Ah.

And a...

You look good.

Yeah. You look like you're at the, in the prime of your life. Does that make sense?

I hope I am. Yeah, I feel that way. I hope I am.

Yeah.

You know, being healthy, getting sleep.

Yeah.

Doing nothing. Nothing fun, and that makes you look better.

Now, what is that? You work all the time. What do you, what do you do? Are you, you're a writer on Chelsea.

I'm a writer on Chelsea, and then for a while we had this spinoff show called After Lately.

Is that not happening? I feel like I see it all the time.

It's happening. The last episode would have aired, it airs this Monday, so...

Okay.

I'm not sure if people hear this, it's over. But we were working on that. I was a writer on that and a performer on that.

So we did have to work on that after the show. So I worked at night.

So it literally was after...

Yeah, even though the E! Network airs it before Chelsea L ately.

What?

I don't, they don't know what they're doing. But my job was to work there every night and every weekend.

So for like the last six months I was doing...

And what's going on with that show? It's not having, or the last episode of the season.

Last episode of the season. They could renew.

Okay.

Who knows what that crazy network is doing.

Well you just said they don't know what they're doing, so ...

They don't know anything.

Maybe once they hear this.

I don't know if I'm supposed to say anything. I feel like Chelsea makes fun of the network on the air, so why can't I make fun of it on a podcast?

Well, she's relatively famous though.

Yeah, and they are, she is making them more money than let 's say I am.

Right.

Like she's on the network, people are there already.

You're dispensable.

Yeah, like I'm going somewhere else saying don't tune in.

She's on the show, people are already tuned in and she's making fun.

It's more letter-mini and I'm being more like a...

Whereas if you were to disappear off the face of the earth, who would notice?

No one would notice. You know what's so scary? I live alone now and nobody would know.

I think about that.

Until I started rotting in my apartment.

That's why people get married.

You know what I mean? Because if you die, someone will find you.

That's like, I have some jokes about, in that vein in my act, and audiences...

Let's hear them.

Hey, I have to start, like...

Ramp up to it, that's okay.

Hey everyone, how you doing?

We'll lower it a little.

How you doing? You get a drink? Tip the staff.

Yeah, I got a drink. I will tip the staff.

Listen, you could die and your husband will find you in the shower. I start right like that.

Wow, right into it.

But I think people won't admit that that is an amazing perk .

Because you don't want to get a roommate at almost 40.

Sure.

But a husband or wife is socially acceptable.

It's like a roommate.

Yeah, but it's socially acceptable. People don't feel bad for you.

Yeah, exactly.

Although when you think about it, it really is just a roommate.

It's just a roommate.

You know what I mean?

A roommate you go on dates with. Or have...

Occasional sex with?

Yeah, occasional sex with. And then...

I mean, it would be weird if you were having constant sex with them.

With your roommate or your spouse.

Like 24 hours a day.

That would be great. Then they would always know where you were if you died.

Yeah, that's right.

I do know someone who... This is terrible.

But, you know, happily married couple of 40 years, had beautiful children and all this stuff.

They were in their late 60s. The wife had asthma.

Were they born in the 60s, by the way?

No, that is not how that works.

I think they must have been. Frank, you're co-signing. I'm pretty sure they were born in the 60s.

Anyway, go ahead.

The wife was taking a shower. The husband does his daily morning routine.

I'm walking to the post office, whatever.

She has an asthma attack in the shower.

She hits her head. She does not survive.

He comes back. So she was found.

But you still die alone. You know what I mean?

Yeah.

But she was found. If that was me, I would be late for work and people would make jokes.

She's probably dead. And then after four hours, somebody would come in, but no one has a key.

I got to make a key.

Yeah.

I live next door to a friend that I work with. So I'm going to give him a key.

Give him the key. That... Oh, boy. This is depressing.

Oh, I think it's funny. I think finding bodies is something that...

You know when you ever think about, like, oh, I hope I don 't see a bug today.

Do you ever think that...

I don't know that I've ever woken up and said that, but I probably will start now.

Well, there was an old apartment I used to live in in Hollywood that had a lot of bugs.

And I would just wake up and open the shower curtain and go , I really hope there's no bug.

And I feel like when you're married, after a certain amount of time, you're just like, I hope I don't see their body today.

Oh, boy.

I tried to... That's how I tried to... I'm like, wait, hang on. What I'm about to say is not as depressing.

Is this going to be an extra chapter in the paperback version?

No, but I do have a chapter because the book is about all the weird things people say to me when I say I don't want kids, which, by the way, I don't go around saying I don't want kids. I only... When asked, I say it.

Well, I've heard you say it on stage many times.

Well, I say it as a joke, but in, like, a party, I'm not like, hey, everyone, guess what I don't want to do.

But...

There is a chapter here, I'm going to die alone.

And I feel fine.

That's what I wanted to call the book, but Simon & Schuster wouldn't let me.

They wouldn't let you... God, they don't know what they're doing either, do they?

I thought it would be a funny nod to It's the End of the World as we know it, and I feel fine.

These big corporations, they don't... You know what I mean?

Simon & Schuster, E-Network, they don't, you know...

They don't get me, man.

They don't get you, but you're very successful.

Well, no. So I wrote that chapter, and it's about how my neighbor, Mrs. Stevens, age 70, had kids, changed a light bulb one day, had a heart attack while on the stool, just total bad timing, fell to her death, and no one found her for a couple days because it wasn't her son's turn to come get her.

He used to come visit on Sundays. She fell, like, on a Monday.

So Mimi, her poodle, was kind of nibbling at her face for a few days.

Mary Provost situation.

So that's in that book.

So that's in the book. So if you found this conversation we 've been having to be humorous at all, you will probably enjoy the book.

Yeah, yeah.

Or at least that chapter.

That chapter's a fun one.

Now, the picture on the book, and this is really all I have to go on. I have not read the book, you just gave it to me.

So all I can really talk about is what's right in front of me.

The picture on the book is you in a crib, sitting cross- legged. You are wearing clothes, unlike a baby.

Oh yeah, yeah, I'm not dressed.

There are stuffed animals in this crib.

Meant to, I would take it, evoke some sort of sense of you are not quite grown up yet.

Kind of. I mean, it's kind of hard because I take really good care of myself and I'm super responsible.

What does that mean?

Like, I work a lot, I have a nice place that I live, my bills are always on time, my car is in perfect condition, you know, if people need something I'm always there, I'm organized.

You sound like a really good person.

Oh, I'm amazing. Like a saint. But what I mean by I can really take care of myself is, that's it. What I do every day, too much.

Like an adult who has kids does all that, plus they raise children. I can't do all that. Too many things.

Well, there's two. You know, life is so complicated now.

You know, you think the technology would make it easier, does it?

God, well I could talk about this forever. I mean, this technology, these iPhones, iPads, I don't know anymore!

Pretty soon we're going to have eye-brain.

Well, we heard about that in episode 35.

Oh, you did?

Brett Gelman's famous story.

Maybe that's where it came from.

Maybe, I don't know.

Maybe it's somewhere, maybe Carlos Menzies did that, but I didn't mean to.

No, no, no, you didn't. No one knows.

Brett and I are soulmates.

No one knows what that is.

Fans of this show probably do, but other than that.

Sorry everybody, don't send me emails. You copied.

No, no, I pointed it right out.

I know, but they're going to still send it.

Do you get a lot of emails from people, and why do they have your email address?

Because I put JenKirkman at Hotmail all over the web.

No, I don't get emails. But, you know, there's like-minded things you might say.

What are you, JenKirkman at Gmail?

Jen underscore Kirkman at Gmail.

Okay, great.

Yeah. I've been accused of, there was something I said and someone said, like Louis C.K. said it, which made me nervous, so I immediately deleted it.

But it turned out it wasn't. And then I have a story about how I saw a guy who didn't know what a lime was.

And people tell me that Pete Holmes, that's an old Pete Holmes bit from eight years ago, and I'm like, I keep forgetting to ask him.

But I'm like, I really doubt it because it's a thing I actually saw. So unless we saw the same thing.

Huh. You know, there are some people out there who think that you should just, anything you think of, you should look it up and Google it.

Ah, that's just too much work.

Unless it's like, I was really at a bar and this guy ordered a vodka tonic and this woman goes, do you want a lemon or a lime?

And he like literally had a brain aneurysm. He was like, u gh. And he finally had to say, I don't know, what's the green one?

And she was like, that's a lime. And he was totally normal and like not, you know, challenged.

And not from another country.

Not from another country. Just like your average.

A lime deprived country.

No, just your average, like, hey, I'm a white guy. I'm at this bar in Dallas.

I'm a day trader maybe.

Yeah, total. Total, like total day trader look. Like, I don 't know if he did, but it seems as though he would have some kind of, like he would clip his phone on his braided belt type.

Right. And it would have a case.

Yes, exactly. So I said some, I wrote a little blog about it because I was just like, I was so like shaken up and somebody was like, Pete Holmes has a bit about this.

I'm like, how did Pete Holmes have the same thing happen to him?

Maybe Pete knows this guy. Maybe he knows this guy. Maybe this is Pete's best friend.

It might be, but I.

And you've never talked to Pete about this.

I keep forgetting because, you know, we.

Pete, if you're listening.

Pete, call in. 1-800-LIME-GUY.

People have to stop being the joke police.

They do.

You know what I mean? Just stop it.

I mean, if you have an idea that's like, like what we were talking about with marriage, like die alone, or if you're like, if you have, whatever, like you might want to see, okay, I know there's a comedian who's talking about this kind of thing.

Sure.

And it's like all the comedians who have kids and joke about their kids. I don't go, oh, someone already talked about their kids. It's all really funny stuff.

And it's going to be original because it's your kid.

But more than that, I mean, sure. I mean, comedians will think of similar stuff, but more than that, just people stop, stop telling.

Stop policing.

Stop policing it.

Because it's so embarrassing. It's like, did you, if you want to say, hey, you might not know, but you know, Greg Fitzsimmons literally said, my mother went like this.

That's a good bit.

It's a great bit.

My mother went like this.

That's like a Eugene Merman bit.

That's okay. But I feel like the implication is always you stole that.

You stole it. Yeah, I know.

And maybe we're too sensitive. Maybe no.

Well, maybe we feel guilty too. Maybe we just naturally have guilty consciences.

Well, after I steal a joke and try to play it off like it's mine, I don't want to be accused of it.

Yeah, you don't want people pointing that out.

So, Jen, you, you have this book. You hope it does well.

Simon & Schuster published it.

Yeah.

It has four quotes on the back.

It's all you can ask for in life. I forgot to have some like famous fancy schmancy person do the forward.

I guess that's what people do.

Really? For a, for a, for a comedian's book, people do forwards?

Sometimes, yeah.

But I'm like, what are they going to write? I mean, it's, I don't want to take it too seriously.

You are about to read a book. Like what are forwards and books?

This is another thing that like, stop joke policing and stop writing forwards for books.

I want to read the book. I don't want to read your stupid forward.

Because, you know, you know what the dirty secret is?

Okay.

People who have forwards in their book just put it in the hard copy.

And the forward does not show up on the Kindle version sometimes.

And that's a way to get people to buy the hard copy because that shows up on the New York Times bestseller list.

Because the, the hard copy.

The actual book copy, whether paperback or hardcover.

Oh, the Kindle does not.

The Kindle goes to some e-reader list, but you won't get the sticker on your book, New York Times bestselling author .

Oh.

Unless people buy the physical book.

Are you hoping for that? Are you hoping this is a best seller?

The only reason I am is because I found out how few you have to sell to get on the list.

You have to sell basically like 500 books.

No, it's like 5,000.

Ugh.

But it's, you would, you would think how hard I, at first I 'm like, that's not a lot.

Right.

But it's a lot to get people to buy something these days.

When will you know? This comes out on Thursday. Of course, we've established in the continuity.

Tuesday. Oh, you're the worst.

That, uh, sorry. This comes, well, no, this podcast comes out on Thursday.

Oh, sorry, sorry.

We've established, this is Saturday. The book comes out on Tuesday.

Tuesday, April 16th.

So I'm confusing people with a lot of different dates here.

Yeah, let's say the date, Tuesday, April 16th, it's out.

But when people listen to this, it'll already be out, but when will you know?

Oh, my numbers? I think like 10 days after it comes out.

I think that like, as long as it does well enough, even if it is the e-book, all I want is to write another book.

So that's all I want for it.

Really, that's your main goal in life?

Kind of right now.

Is to write one more.

You know you can write another book without this selling well or at all.

The company will give me another great deal.

Well, see, that's a different thing.

No, that's what I want.

Okay, you want another book deal.

I don't want to just sit at home and like staple papers together.

Okay, now we're getting to it.

So you do things for the money.

Yes.

Interesting. Interesting.

I do things for the money.

Let's talk about that.

Why do you need so much money?

Well, I don't know if you noticed, but I came in here with an iPhone and a juice cleanse.

Those are not cheap.

A large coffee.

Yeah.

You know, I got to keep up.

You don't want to have to cut back to mediums.

I got to keep up the lifestyle I'm accustomed to.

That's right.

So is there anything in this book that people should look out for that is especially good?

That's a really good question.

No, I mean, I will say it's not one of those here's all the dudes that I slept with and here are their names.

Whose book are you talking about?

Nobody's, but I think that there's a lot of...

I think I know.

No, I'm actually not talking about anyone.

A lot of my friends have books that have kind of scandalous , very funny books with like actually good points of view, but that have a lot of scandalous, like I slept with this person or whatever.

And I don't have like scandalous stuff like that.

Like, so if you're looking for like, oh my God, some descriptive bedroom scene.

Well, let's talk about this on the show right now though.

Yeah.

Yeah. So who have you slept with?

Oh, I'm not going to name names, but I...

Why not?

Because I wouldn't name... everyone's name is fake in the book, by the way.

Really? So what are some of these fake names in this book?

There's Blake, there's Matt.

Blake.

Well, Blake was a cover-up name for this guy, Brent.

I do... okay, I do talk in the beginning about in college how my mom...

when I lived with my parents after college and then I went to stay at my boyfriend's house who lived in the city in Boston.

My parents were in the suburbs of Boston.

And I just thought I could take my dad's old Zombiel and go stay at my boyfriend's house.

And my mom was so mad at me. She was like, that's trashy whore behavior. You don't do that.

Taking the old Zombiel?

I think taking it to sleep in a boy's bed.

Right.

So then they kicked me out and changed the locks.

So then I had to move in with that boyfriend because I was only living with my parents to save money to move to New York.

So then I'm like, so but it's okay for me to move in with someone?

But they're like, yes, as long as you don't bring your dirty whore body home.

Why do you... and why change the locks?

So that's the only sexy thing in the book.

Just ask you... just say, hey, Jen, don't come back.

Because I wouldn't have. I would just have come in. I would have been... I would have laughed.

So they changed them and I was like, what?

But then my boyfriend broke up with me because I was living there and I was cramping his style.

Yeah, of course.

He had like three roommates and he was still in college.

And there I am like just sitting on his futon.

Plus, did you have the Cure haircut back then? The Robert Smith kind of look?

No, I wasn't allowed to.

Oh.

No, in the 90s I had Reality Bites Winona Ryder haircut.

Then I went to Rachel the Friends. I went to the Friends.

Oh, okay.

So I got... then I lightened it and went Friends. I got the Rachel.

So early 90s you have Reality Bites. Around 93, 94 you get the Rachel cut? Somewhere around there?

I think 93, 94 Reality Bites, 95, 96 the Rachel.

Oh, so you were a little late to the party on the Rachel cut.

I was a little late, yeah.

Okay, so then what comes out, say in 1998, that makes you change your hairstyle?

Bad judgment. And I go back to...

The shaved head? Is that where we're getting?

I went to shaved head.

Yeah, I've heard you talk about this.

Didn't mean to. Didn't mean to.

Yeah.

No, no, shaved head, sorry, was in college. They had to shave my head because the haircut was so bad.

But then I went back to, hey, I'm sort of a dikey looking female standup in my headshot where they...

I let someone else do my hair and they spiked it instead of combing it front.

You know, like when all these actresses cut their hair for roles, they still look so hot.

Yeah.

And you're like, oh, I'll just do what Charlize Theron does .

No, it doesn't work.

Not that she existed back then.

It does not work.

Regular people can't do it.

Like there are some people with incredibly symmetrical faces who are super, super thin that you can shave off all their head and it's fine.

Yeah.

And it tricks women.

It tricks them.

You have such good self-esteem when you look at beautiful women.

Yeah.

You go, if I do that, I'll look like that.

No.

And then you look like a mom.

You never do.

Not even a mom.

You look like a pyramid.

You look like an angry...

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

It's just like the top of your head is really tiny and then it just like...

Oh, it was so bad.

And then it's like...

Then you have to have like perfect skin because you're not covering up like a chin blemish with your hair as I am right now.

Yeah.

Oh, are you right now?

Yeah.

I wondered why you're just sort of putting your hair in front of your chin the whole time.

Yeah, right there in case anyone takes a picture.

Yeah.

Well, no one will take a picture.

Don't worry about that.

Okay.

Anything else happening in the world of Jen Kirkman?

I just moved to a new apartment.

Great.

I was living somewhere that was on the first floor.

I was afraid of getting murdered.

A toddler had moved in above me.

It was really noisy.

My next door neighbors were having sex loudly.

The perfect storm of why people move.

It was just so much.

So I got a new place that's almost like an assisted living unit.

I love it.

It's in the valley.

In what way is it like...

It's like everything is done for you.

There's like...

Everything is done for you.

What does that mean?

It's almost like a hotel.

Like there's a pool and a gym and a doorman all the time.

Oh, okay.

And if someone just delivers something right to your door and a dry cleaner comes and picks up stuff.

What's the address?

I almost told you.

We heard your email address.

Oh, that was fake.

Oh, sorry ladies.

I was just thinking I wanted people to email that address and how funny it would be, but I would never find out.

Yeah.

Well, you should get it right now.

Why don't you get Jen underscore Kirkman at gmail.com.

If someone wants to set it up for me, I'm sure someone has it.

Maybe the people in this assisted living facility will set it up for you.

And what about...

Do you have a special...

You're basically here just to talk about the book.

I'll talk about whatever.

I'll talk about like...

I can't remember if like other things were happening because...

Oh, like career things?

Yeah.

Well, because your publicist at one point had said Jen wants to come in around the book, but I can't remember if there was other stuff I was supposed to bring up.

Well, I'm going on a standup tour and I really need people to come to my shows.

How many people do you want to come to these shows?

I would say, depending on the venue, on any given show, I need anywhere from 100 to a thousand people.

100 to a thousand.

Okay.

In the major markets I would take it, you'd have higher numbers.

Yeah, like I think my shows in Chicago I'm doing are already sold out.

Okay.

But I wouldn't promise that.

Well, a lot of...

You know...

JenKirkman.com slash calendar they can see, but I'm going to be in Washington, D.C. at the Arlington Draft House, April 19th through 20th.

Whoa!

And that is three shows.

I need to sell that.

I don't think anyone I know is in D.C. because I'm getting like no feedback.

I had a great show in D.C., by the way.

Hello, D.C. Listeners.

Yeah, yeah.

It was fantastic.

Maybe people will come.

I feel like on Twitter I'll say something about Boston, New York, and Chicago, and people will write back, I'm coming.

D.C.

It's like radio silent.

I thought that too.

I kind of was like, what are we going to sell in D.C.?

It was a sold out show.

They were really enthusiastic.

It was really great.

Where did you do it?

I think it was at the Howard.

I don't know what that is.

I'm wondering if it's because mine's at that draft house which is just over the hill or the road.

Capitol Hill?

I think it's over...

I think you have to go through the White House, through the kitchen.

See, that may be hurting your sales.

It's just like over the bridge in Arlington, Virginia.

It's like the Brooklyn of D.C.

Well, D.C. listeners, get out there as well as other listeners and see Jen Kirkman's standup because it's really fantastic.

I got a lot of new stuff that people have seen me before.

It's going to be fun and sometimes I'll bring people from the audience up on stage and talk to them about their lives.

Okay, that would keep me from going, but...

Oh, well, no, I like to ask if anyone under 25 wants to come on stage and I ask them if they know how.

Okay, so you don't just drag people up.

No, no, I'll ask a 25-year-old if they want to come up and I'll just say, I'll just talk about how, I'll just ask them what they know about.

So if you're 25, you might be a star at the end of the show .

You could be a star.

I like to talk to people about what they know about as opposed to what I know about because my learning curve of knowing new things stopped like 15 years ago.

It usually stops for people right when they graduate college.

Yeah, I'm like, I don't know what this show is, I don't know what music is, but there's a kid that I did this to on stage and he said he lost his, he started watching porn at age 8 on his computer, which I didn't even have a computer until I was 25.

Well, they weren't invented yet.

They weren't invented yet, literally.

You would have had to have a room for the size of the computer.

And then he said he lost his virginity at 14.

I go, oh my God, and he goes, don't worry, the girl was pretty good in bed.

I go, I wasn't worried.

Why are you worried about that?

But I think it was this weird thing of like, don't worry, I know you think I've watched so much porn that I'm going to be disappointed, but don't worry, she was pretty good.

I'm like, you're 14, you should just be happy that she's willing.

Wow, 14, huh?

But so these are the kind of things I find out about when I talk to the kids on stage.

So if you're interested in hearing about the sexual escap ades, or as I call them, sexcapades.

Oh sure, who doesn't?

Of 14-year-old boys, come out to see Jen Kirkman.

What if they did live porn on ice, you know, icecapades, and they called it sexcapades.

Sex icecapades.

Yeah.

That's not clunky.

So you suggest people go to jenkirkman.com slash calendar.

I would just say go to jenkirkman.com and then go to the calendar section.

I honestly, like, I'm underestimating people.

Okay, yeah.

Yeah, of course.

Think better of people.

I find that if you have high expectations of people, people will rise to meet them.

They'll rise.

You're right, I should do that.

I'll just, you know, you'll tweet, I'm here and there's a link and then people write back, what time, where are tickets?

I'm like, I, I, I, I, but that might just be.

People are idiots.

But if you have high expectations of people, they will rise to meet you, but they're fucking idiots.

So, Google it, find out where I'm going to be the weekend of April 26th, 27th.

How hard is it?

It's easy.

The information is out there.

You know, it's good enough that you're on this podcast just saying, I'm going to be somewhere.

People should get off their fucking asses.

Hey, hey, hey, be nice.

Okay.

But imagine like when we were young using encyclopedias and we were like, oh, we had to use the Dewey Decimal System.

Anytime I wanted to look up one of my favorite comedians where they're going to be, I'd just try out the encyclopedia.

Right?

I'd go to the Rolling Stone on Microfiche from 67.

Seinfeld, Jerry.

That would be great if you were in high school and going to like old Rolling Stones at the library, but thinking, Jimi Hendrix is playing this weekend .

It's impossible.

It was impossible to find out information about anything back when we were growing up.

Don't you think?

No.

And I had crushes on so many people.

I was yearning for info.

You never knew if they were going to come through town.

All of a sudden you would get like the paper, the Sunday paper would have a big like picture of, the Smiths are coming by.

You're like, why didn't I know?

The Smiths rolled through your town?

Oh yeah, yeah, I missed them.

It was one of the greatest regrets of my life.

I probably came to Boston, but I don't think I was into them until the year after they broke up.

Please come to Boston.

Just saw Morrissey in Hollywood High School.

You were there, right?

So did I. I was there.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, we talked about this.

It was beautiful.

I enjoyed, do you enjoy Russell Brint?

I do.

I go back and forth on him, but I really enjoyed his intro.

Yeah, I think he's a good standup.

Can I tell you something embarrassing I did at the concert?

Okay.

Do we have time?

We do.

We have plenty of time.

I have a book that I bought about Oscar Wilde speaking tour of America that he did, which is actually pretty incredible.

I think every standup should read it.

It's kind of awesome.

He took a boat over in the 1800s and did these lectures about how you can have style and how you can use wallpaper and you can have pretty things in your home.

People credit him with people getting the idea that their home isn't just a functional place that you can actually decorate.

Right, that it aesthetically can be beautiful.

Interesting.

So he did the speaking tour and he was hanging out with some of the greatest writers and poets and intellects of all time.

He was going from New York to Philly on trains and whatever .

So it's a wonderful book and it's called Declaring His Genius and I had the hardcover and I was reading it and I went to see Morrissey and I knew I'd be in the front row and I'm like...

How did you know this?

How did I know I'd be in the front row?

I just had faith.

Okay.

So you got there early enough that you...

A friend of mine got there early enough and we just got there.

Oh, I see.

Friend of yours got there.

You rolled in at two minutes till and just walked right up.

I rolled in like an hour or so.

Shoved by everybody.

But she said I could go with her.

But then when I got to the front, they just kind of led us up to the front.

But I was like two people back.

Must be nice.

Anyway, go ahead.

I was two people back.

But I get nervous.

I don't want to mosh or whatever they do.

I just want to be close to all those people who...

A lot of moshing going on at Morrissey shows.

Well, if he throws a shirt out, people act like...

It's like food rations after a war.

Like they hurt each other.

So I didn't want to be near that.

But I brought the book and I'm like, I know he would be interested in reading it.

I don't care if he knows it's from me.

Not that he knows me, but I'm not putting my name and address in it.

Do you think Morrissey is watching after Chelsea lately?

No, because that show doesn't exist.

But he might be watching after lately.

Thank you.

Boom.

No, he doesn't watch anything.

So I kept trying to give him the book and it didn't reach.

If I want him to have it, I think he would love it.

And I don't think he has that book.

Moz, Moz, if you're listening...

No, wait.

You have to hear the most embarrassing thing I did.

Russell Brand standing off to the side of the stage.

I've met him 50 times.

We've done a ton of shows together.

I didn't think he would remember me, but I hoped maybe...

He would see you...

No, I walked right by him and I go, hey, just to see if there was any recognition.

And there wasn't.

And I didn't care.

I went, give this to Morrissey.

It was so embarrassing.

And he just stared at me.

I go, you don't remember me.

I'm not insane.

We've performed together all the time.

I'm not like totally out of nowhere.

And so he just looked at me like, oh, God.

But he went right backstage.

He probably like peed on it or something.

He went, oh, God.

But then I heard Morrissey canceled all his shows because he's sick.

So I'm like, maybe he's in the hospital reading.

We saw one of the last, oh yeah, Convalescing and Catching Up on his...

On my book.

On his wildest of mine.

Is he dying?

No, I hope not.

We all thought David Bowie was, but a great new album just came out.

So you know how...

I know, and I don't even know why I thought that.

Have a little faith in Morrissey.

No.

I just like didn't see him for a while.

I'm like, he must be dying.

No, he has a little trouble.

He's an older man, just like we all are.

I'm almost...

Oh, my God.

Is that a stroke?

What happened?

I'm almost there.

I'm here for you if you have a stroke.

You're not going to die alone.

Okay.

Oh, thank you.

All right.

We do have to take a break though.

We will be right back with more Jen Kirkman and we're going to just read chapters from the book.

Oh, stop.

No, we're not.

Okay.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here with Jen Kirkman, who of course has her book, I Can Barely Take Care of Myself, Tales from a Happy Life Without Kids.

And you can pick that up in, would you suggest bookstores?

Yeah, I say go to your bookstore, support your local one, but it's also in Barnes and Noble and Amazon.com.

So I live right around the corner from Barnes and Noble.

Would you consider that to be a local bookstore?

It's in my area.

Yeah.

I mean, it's a corporate local, but what are you going to do these days?

Sure.

We've seen you got mail.

How prescient is that movie?

You know what I mean?

Nowadays it is.

You know what I mean?

Like at the time it was of the moment.

At the time it was like, oh my God, they're going to close that bookstore?

Now it's like, of course they are.

Really, the only dated thing about it is that you've got mail part of it.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

And how big everything is on the computer screen.

But I think they do that in movies.

Yeah.

Well, you know what I mean?

Like it has to be big.

Yeah.

We got to read.

You know, because otherwise how are we as the audience going to know what's on the computer?

I got to get my glasses.

All right.

So I have another guest here and she is, and Jen, I wanted to have, you know, I know you're like a socially conscious person.

I try.

And we talked about what a good person you are in the last segment.

And so I wanted to have another guest on who kind of you would share a little interest with and is, we're trying to kind of in this show, you know , it's a comedy show, but we're also trying to sort of open up people's minds a little bit and, you know, get people sort of mobilized to take some action on stuff.

So this is an activist and Karen Porter is with us.

Hello, Karen.

Hi.

How are you doing, Scott?

Thanks for having me.

Really.

It's really important that I'm here.

You know, I have a lot of important things to discuss.

Great.

Yeah.

I mean, this is Jen.

Nice to meet you.

You guys have not met, obviously.

No, we haven't.

No, no, we haven't.

Right.

But it's important that we do.

Yeah.

Because I want to get my message out there.

Sure.

Yeah.

Okay.

So it just says you're an activist.

I know you're trying to kind of mobilize people and I don't know to do what, but what exactly is your cause?

Okay.

Well, have you seen the documentary In Dog We Trust?

In Dog We Trust.

Have you seen this one?

No, I haven't heard of it.

Okay.

Well, it's a document.

This is great that I'm here then because I haven't heard of it.

Okay.

So it's a documentary about like how, you know, we as a country, we mistreat dogs.

You know, we need to get dog spayed and neutered.

We need to rescue dogs from high kill shelters.

You know, we have to do all that stuff, get people to adopt dogs.

Maybe you guys can start a rescue or something.

You know, so it's important.

I think you should watch that documentary because you're going to...

In Dog We Trust.

So it's great.

And then when does that come out?

It's going to make you cry.

I cried.

It's on, it came out a while ago, I think.

It's on...

What did you have to do with it?

Are you, were you the director of it or...

No, I have nothing to do with it.

I just saw it on HBO Go.

So you can go to that.

I don't work for HBO or anything.

I just think you should see it.

You know, I mean like me personally, I live in an apartment .

I can't have a dog.

I can't have pets in my apartment, so I can't rescue a dog.

Right.

Oh.

But like I'm hoping that you guys can.

What do you do then?

Like do you work for some sort of shelter though in your life or what is your personal connection to that?

I don't have time to do that.

Okay.

I don't have time to do that.

So like maybe you guys could.

I think you guys should watch it and whoever else wants to watch the documentary, I think it's going to, you know, make you take some action.

Okay.

Let me ask you, have you seen a documentary called Tapped?

Tapped.

Oh, is that about the bottled water?

Yes.

You've seen it, Scott.

I haven't seen it.

I didn't see it, but I know what it is.

Okay.

You haven't.

You got to watch it.

Okay.

I'm telling you, you guys got to watch it because you're going to stop drinking bottled water.

Okay.

And you're going to stop drinking the bottles.

It's the plastic.

And they're hard to dispose of.

It's hard to dispose of.

And it takes a lot of energy to recycle these.

You must have like a, like a thing on your faucet or something.

Um, cause I heard you can do that.

Like a purifier.

Yeah, I heard you can get that.

People can get that.

You guys can get that.

You can get that.

I think it's going to really, you know, I want people to watch this.

It's going to mobilize you, you know, into action, I think.

Into what kind of action are you?

Something.

I don't know.

I mean, I think you guys, I want you guys to figure it out what to do.

Okay.

What do you do though?

In regards to...

I mean, personally, I like bottled water.

It's easier for me to drink because I like the way I like drinking out of a bottle rather than a glass.

Okay.

And I can take it with me places.

Well, it's kind of a tinier hole that you, you are made to drink out of when it's a bottle.

Yeah.

And it just kind of flows.

Like if it's a mug, it's a larger hole.

It's hard to get your mouth around that.

Yeah.

So you guys, I mean, stop drinking that bottled water, you know, and then, and then you'll see this documentary and then you're going to tell other people about the documentary.

Right.

You see, you see what I'm saying?

And then they're going to take action.

That's how, that's how change happens.

I do at work have a cup on my desk and I fill the water with that.

That's good.

What I do is I have a glass, much like the one right here in front of me, and I get the bottled water and I pour it into a glass.

That's smart.

And then, um, that's, so then I'm drinking out of glass instead of a bottle.

That's smart.

Yeah.

That's a smart step.

Okay.

All right guys.

So I'm going to do a documentary called Walmart, the high cost of low prices.

Have you seen this documentary?

I've heard about that one.

I've not seen it.

No, I guess I don't want to see a documentary.

You haven't seen it.

You guys, it's so, it's great that I'm here.

See?

Yeah.

What's that?

If I had to guess, it's about how Walmart buys most of its stuff from China, which, uh, makes it really cheap, which the, but then they also have really cheap labor that is unionized.

Yeah.

So I know a little bit about the topic.

Yes.

So, and, and, and yeah.

So you're saying that people should watch it and not shop at Walmart?

People should watch it and do something about it.

Yeah.

Not shop at Walmart.

I mean like shop Main Street stores.

That's what you got to do, right?

Let me, let me guess though.

Do you shop at Walmart?

Yeah.

There's one by my house.

It's the closest thing to me.

Uh huh.

So I do, I have to, I mean, there's nothing I can do about that.

There aren't any other stores in your area?

Not that has the stuff for cheap prices like that.

Right.

Yeah.

The other stores are too expensive.

Yeah.

They are, you know, I mean you go to like a Main Street store, it's way marked up because they can't buy those big quantities that Walmart does.

Yeah.

You understand, right?

Yeah.

But I want you guys to watch this documentary and I'm hoping it's going to inspire you to do something about it.

Right.

Okay.

And then maybe you will talk to other people.

Okay.

What is, is mainly what you're talking about us doing is just like talking about movies with other people.

Like do you, do you belong to like a movie club?

Is that, is that what this is?

You're just like a Netflix pitch or something.

Look, Hey, are you, are you a member of Netflix?

Yeah.

You're a member.

How about you, Scott?

I am.

Yeah.

That's the first step in this.

Great.

I don't work for Netflix.

I'm also a member.

Right.

They got a lot of documentaries.

Right.

A lot of great ones.

Yeah.

And like the Cove.

What about that one?

Oh God.

Yeah.

I did see that one.

Awful.

I could have done something, but I was like, I was in bed crying for three days after that.

And I couldn't take action.

Do you eat dolphin safe tuna?

I don't look for it on the label.

I don't know.

Like I just assume that it's fine.

Cause I'm buying tuna.

I'm not buying dolphin.

You know what I'm saying?

That's a good point.

I guess I didn't go in buying dolphin.

You know, I didn't buy it, but I like tuna.

Tuna is good.

And it's, it's good for you.

Yeah.

It's great.

It's good for you.

No, yeah.

I mean, not too much.

You'd get mercury poisoning.

Yeah.

It's not like you'd get it on the label.
