---
layout: page
title: 216. Kristen Schaal, Michaela Watkins, Neil Campbell [18908⧸21102].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

You know her from Bob's Burgers, Flight of the Concord, and 30 Rock.

Kristen Schaal returns to the program here to talk about her last appearance and a couple of things that happened on it.

You will not want to miss this. Plus, Dr. Sherry Levine is here and a representative from the good state of Georgia. All of that and more all on today's ♫♫♫ You know what they say, you can't get a fistful of ants with an acid-covered hand. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang!

Alright, thank you so much to Who Stole My Cat for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

You know what they say, you can't get a fistful of ants with an acid-covered hand.

Fantastic. Who stole my cat?

Welcome to the show. This is Scott Aukerman for another edition of Comedy Bang Bang, and I've heard of Hollywood Nights, but Hollywood Days?

Yes, we're in the middle of a daytime recording episode.

Daytime recording episode. Is that a phrase? I'm not sure.

And I've heard of April Showers, but April Showers?

And that about covers the weather for this week's edition and That's right, we're probably not airing this in April, but we're taping in April.

We have a break from the Comedy Bang Bang TV show today, so I got one of my favorite guests back in here to talk about things.

Thank you, but this is my first time here.

Actually, Dr. Levine, we're going to, I'm introducing the main guest first.

Okay, if that's what you need to do, go ahead.

That's okay. Well, now that you've spoken, maybe I feel like we should introduce you.

No, I don't want to steal anyone's thunder. Go ahead, you were saying.

I don't know. I think people maybe need a little context as to who you are to properly envision your voice.

Let me just introduce you if that's okay. Would that be all right with you?

Could I just switch things up a little bit and introduce you first?

And then, Kristen, would that be okay with you?

Yeah, I guess.

Now that I think about it though, now people have heard your voice.

Maybe I should introduce you as well so people know who you are.

I mean, it is on my writer that I'm always introduced first . Top of every podcast.

Top of the podcast!

I'm not going to introduce you as a podcast introduction.

It's just part, it's like I fight for a lot of things.

I lose a lot of battles and this is one I'm just kind of not willing to lose right now.

Well, you're number one on the call sheet.

I think I've already lost it. Number two. But in any case, I think I've already lost it.

So go ahead, go ahead.

I may start saying that, by the way. Top of the podcast to you at the top of the show.

Top of the podcast!

Top of the podcast to you. You know what I'm going to do? I 'm going to stick with the original order if that's okay, Dr . Levine.

Go ahead.

And then I'm going to introduce Kristen first and then I'm going to turn to you if that's okay.

You're going to turn to me.

I'm going to turn to you and introduce you if that's all right.

This is wonderful.

Okay, fantastic. So let's get to our first guest.

We had her on the show back in January.

Wow.

And she teased us a little about her Comedy Central half hour. We'll talk about this.

But you know her from such shows as Flight of the Conchords , movies like Dinner for Schmucks. What else have you been in?

You know, I had a small part in Norbit.

Yes, I was an event planner.

I believe my friend Neil Campbell and I saw that together.

I saw you in 30 Rockefeller Center.

Yeah, I did an arc on that as well.

Yes, 30 Rockefeller Center.

You were wonderful.

Thank you. Thank you, doctor.

That show is terrible. You were wonderful.

Wait, the show was terrible and she was wonderful?

Oh, so many things happened there. Racism.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, sexualities that goes unprocessed.

Right, unprocessed sexuality can be dangerous.

A stunted woman.

But Dr. Levine, maybe I could get through the introduction of Kristin here and then we can talk about it.

Wonderful.

Okay, wonderful. Great. So Kristin Schall is with us.

Welcome to the sh- welcome to the shawl.

I wish. Oh, I wish.

Have you thought about doing your own shawl called the Shaw l Shawl?

Oh, the top of the shawl?

Top of the shawl to you.

No, no, I don't, I don't know.

Don't think about it.

Just do it.

Just do it. I mean, there's so many shawls out there right now.

It's saturated with shawls.

It's a nice shawl.

Yeah.

The Late Late Shawl?

Yeah, the Shawl Shawl.

And yeah, I just, I feel like I just get lost in the shawls .

Yeah, lost in the shawlful.

Yeah.

Well, welcome to the show and let, let me now turn, I will literally, literally turn to you now.

Hello.

If that's okay.

Hello, I'm looking directly at you.

Yes.

You're at 12 o'clock to my six o'clock.

Oh, okay.

I guess I'm at your 12 o'clock.

You're more 11, he's 12.

Oh, okay.

But, he's talking about engineer Cody, of course.

So, Dr. Sherry Levine is with us.

Good morning.

Yes, good morning.

Hollywood days.

And, tell us a little bit about yourself.

I don't really know anything about you.

Well, you know, I don't like to toot my own horn.

I'm a licensed therapist.

I'm a psychologist, so I go in.

I have more degrees than a thermometer.

That's funny.

Thank you.

That's funny.

When did you think of that?

So, like a hundred and, a hundred and fifteen.

How high does a thermometer go?

A hundred and ten?

Like, what?

I think if it's going past like a hundred and fifteen, yeah , then there's a real problem.

Right.

Then you shouldn't be using a thermometer.

Although, technically, I guess a meat thermometer goes up really high.

Forever.

So, let's clarify.

Is it a meat thermometer or a regular thermometer that you have more degrees than?

No, it's a one when you put in your anus.

Oh, okay.

And so you have more than a hundred and fifteen degrees?

Yes, more than those.

And I deal mostly with very famous, wonderful celebrity people.

Ooh!

Of course, I can't name any names, but I will say I'm looking at a table here where you've had wonderful people sign their name in a Sharpie, and I can tell you that more than half of them are my clients.

So, wow, that's incredible.

So, I'm just looking at this table.

We have, let's see, Ellie Kemper.

I can't confirm or deny.

Okay, Maria Fair.

Katie Dippold.

Uh-oh.

There's Judd Apatow.

Judd Apatow.

It's getting warmer.

Paul F. Tompkins wrote his name a hundred times.

Swish, swish, swish, swish.

Swish, swish, swish.

Is that what you said?

Yeah, that's what the ball does when it goes in the basket.

Oh!

Yeah, well, sometimes it kind of rolls around the rim and then goes down in there.

I don't know.

An undetermined ball might, yes.

Yeah, okay.

I mean, a swish is kind of like maybe, I don't know, 33% of the time you get a swish when you're making it faster?

I'm not a statistics woman.

Oh, you're not?

Are you going to get a degree in that?

What kind of doctor are you?

I just go ahead and listen to what you have to say, and then I give you, I'm also, I should add, I'm also a bit of an untapped resource of mine, but I 'm a bit of a psychic intuitive as well.

Oh, okay.

I'm finding that that is more my calling than, you know, the textbooks.

Oh, okay.

Wait, they're dated.

They're dated.

We're moving into a new time now.

Sure.

Well, I can imagine as the human brain expands and, you know, I mean, new possibilities.

Wait, the human brain is expanding?

Did they, is that real?

I think it is.

I mean, I think our brains are getting bigger.

Like with every baby, it's just a bit bigger.

Yeah, well, you've seen the pictures of people in the future.

They have giant heads.

Yes.

Yeah.

And what's really happening is everyone's brains are expanding and so the heads, the craniums literally need to expand in order to accommodate it.

So in the future, it's going to be very attractive how big your head is.

Yeah.

No, but the larger your head does not determine your intelligence.

I mean, just look at it.

No, but everyone's head will be big in the future.

Well, I can't say because they're my client, but just, you know.

Oh, who?

You guys, tell us one.

Well, I'll tell you one.

The biggest.

Heidi Klum.

Heidi Klum has a big head?

Oh yeah, to hold all that gorgeous?

I can't find her way out of a paper bag, this one.

Ah, interesting.

How long have you been treating Heidi?

I can't confirm or deny that I am, but if I was, probably about 14 years now.

14 years, through the seal years.

Mmm.

My goodness.

Is she okay?

She's doing wonderfully under my supervision.

Fantastic.

Were you the person who encouraged her to get rid of that seal and spread her wings?

Yes.

I said, you're no longer interested in the sea life.

Go see what's above ground.

That's clever.

Yes.

I made it up.

I didn't know his name was seal.

She never told me that.

I thought that was a funny coincidence.

Are you sure she didn't tell you and you just thought that she- She might have been lodged in there in a brain fold.

Okay.

Well- She's been wonderful on that show.

Wonderful.

Which show?

The doctor?

Oh, sorry.

Dr. Rockefeller Center is what I was going to say, but I'm confusing Rockefeller Center with your name.

Dr. Levine.

Rockefeller Center.

Oh, well, geez, thanks.

Thank you.

Wonderful.

But you have problems with it, you were saying.

Oh, you know, I don't get it.

Right.

It's fast.

There's a lot of jokes.

It's not that it's fast.

I don't mind things that are fast.

I love Indy 500 car races.

I love, oh, I love the patter from these wonderful shows like Two Broke Girls.

I can kick up- That's a show, you know what I mean?

The patter is Swift, 30 Rock, like they're speaking Martian .

You mean like literally or figuratively?

Sure, yes.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, Kristen, so thank you, Dr. Levine.

You're going to be here the whole show?

Sure.

Just pipe in, I'll let you know.

You know, I think you're doing great.

Thank you so much.

Aw, it's perfect.

And I can neither confirm or deny that Dr. Levine is treating me as well, but that may be one of the reasons you're here.

I mean, we can't talk about that necessarily.

Right.

If you want to do like a visual exercise and go to your safe place, we can do that.

We can do it, yeah, but let's not- Where is it?

Literally my safe place or where's her office?

The visual safe place.

I find that I imagine literally a safe.

So I crawl inside a giant safe and the only thing that can get inside is some experienced bank robbers like the ones in the inside job or- Right.

But, Scott, who- And a master key.

A master key.

But who would you trust with the combination?

Of that safe?

The bank manager usually.

Oh, okay.

So just- Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah, pretty much.

He's the only one who actually has the combination.

Who is he?

Who's the bank manager?

He's a gentleman, like an older gentleman of about 63.

He's almost ready for retirement and his name is Horace Anc illary.

He also is a doctor, Dr. Horace Ancillary, but he lost his job and so he had to go downsize a little bit and manage a bank.

I'm concerned about how well you know this man who's in charge of the safe.

I don't know.

I've never met him.

He's the bank manager.

He's done a lot of, you know, you've sort of vetted him significantly.

I don't work at the bank.

I merely crawl inside the safe.

So I don't really have a lot of dealings with Dr. Ancillary .

Does that make sense?

Yep.

Okay, great.

So, Kristen, I wanted to talk to you about controversy, if that's okay.

Sure.

Last time you were on the show- Yeah.

We talked about your Comedy Central special and you said that you didn't like it and you hoped that it wouldn't come out.

And then it ended up coming out on April 1st.

At midnight, on a Monday night, at midnight on a Monday night.

And it came out and- It did.

And how do you, I mean, can we talk about this now?

Yeah, sure.

That was a funny prank.

Sort of, yeah.

Yeah, it was.

We played a prank, now I was in on it, as you recall.

A lot of people thought our acting was really good.

It was good.

And we actually set, we sort of set the first seed, planted the first seed.

A lot of people listened to your show, which was shocking to me.

And they were like- Me too.

Oh, it's the same, we're the same.

I told you about how many people- Yeah, I just, you embellish.

Go ahead, Kristen.

Embellish something.

Yeah, so people were just like, that was the first time people heard that.

Our acting, I mean, people were saying, I think Kristen may be doing a bit, but Scott is not that good of an actor.

No, no.

But let me tell you, I am that good, because we had you.

We had you.

So explain exactly what happened.

You did your Comedy Central special, and then it was supposed to come out in January, you were on the show, and to promote it.

And then Comedy Central thought that because of the nature of the program- They got nervous.

That it should come out.

It really was supposed to air in January.

Right.

Yeah.

And then halfway through the show, something happens where the special goes awry.

Yes.

They thought it would be funnier to put it out on April 1st .

Yeah.

And so you started a big campaign of where you would tweet, how you didn't want people to watch it, and how you were embarrassed by it, and it all started on this program.

Yeah.

And it was, let me tell you, the ride was pretty wild for me, because I was there, and I would read people saying, is it real?

Is it not real?

And I would say, I know the facts in my head, but I can't, you know, I can't come out- Keep it in your safe.

Yeah.

So I kept your secret though, didn't I?

Thank you, Scott.

You did.

You did a good job.

Now you know what my world looks like.

Absolutely.

Of course.

Of course we do.

So anyway, congratulations on the special.

It came out, it was a big artistic success.

I don't know how the ratings did, but that's really not my bailiwick.

I think I got half a million.

Half a mill.

A tune-in.

So half a cool mill.

Yeah, a cool half million kids and adults tuned in.

That's incredible.

Yeah.

Originally I wanted to do that special live, and then they said, no, you know, go F yourself in the B hole.

That's too dangerous.

Why would they say that to you?

Yeah, that's how they talk, and now the suits.

That's the thing.

They don't want to be safe.

They want to play it safe.

I want to play it safe.

It was nice of them to let me do this at all.

So I think I had to start doing anti-campaign.

I was going to say that, but yeah.

No, it was nice to go in and say I wanted to take the special and rip it apart.

They should be begging you to do this.

Yeah, you're right.

You're right.

What do they have that's so great?

Everything.

They've got everything.

They've got the keys to the safe.

Speaking of the keys to the safe, we were just talking about the keys to the safe before.

You really circled it back there.

I was trying to do it call back.

I like that you're making links, that you're connecting dots all of a sudden.

Usually you just...

Usually I leave it up to the listener to connect the dots and figure it out for themselves, but I'm leading people through it a little more today.

This is a good sign.

Thank you so much.

Thank you.

Maybe it's just...

Yeah, okay.

Okay.

So, Kristen, congrats.

Thank you.

We're out on the other side of this.

You can talk about it.

Oh, yeah.

And you can get the...

Yeah, so you can get the DVD on Amazon.

And that has all of my wife's work on it.

And I think it's $8.

What does that mean?

They put everything on it.

They put the Half Hour special from 2000...

That was like five years ago.

And then they put the John Oliver spot and some Daily Show spots.

Wow.

So everything you've ever done professionally for $8.

But that doesn't surprise me because DVDs can hold a lot of information and they're relatively cheap to make.

So that kind of balance of...

You know, it makes sense to me.

Yeah.

I mean, I never wonder, like, what does this crazy bitch do ?

Well, you can own all of it.

Or you can borrow it or whatever.

How much of that $8 do you get?

You know what?

I don't think I get anything until maybe like a penny.

Because you got paid up front.

See, that's the way to do it.

I get paid up front.

So what would happen is I would have to be in like a ZZN sorry territory where I'm on billboards and people are like losing their minds.

I'm kind of a slow burn in people's minds.

Not in my mind because I...

Not clearly conscious.

You are rocketing up into the stratosphere that you're in.

Yes, you are exploding.

Exploding onto the scene.

Yeah.

Just flashing.

You know what you should do?

You should work out one of these Jack Nicholson and Batman deals where like you get 50% of the gross.

Whoa.

You know what I mean?

And then you make like $100 million from...

Right.

You get points on the back end.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You get points on the gross, not on the net.

Pay me.

Oh my God, so smart.

Like just box office.

You know what I mean?

It sounds like those deals must be over when they realized how much money they lost.

No, you should get one of those.

Batman's profitable.

I think.

I don't know.

Well, I'm not in Batman.

Well, you should be in...

I know I should be.

What I mean is like for your special, you should do that kind of a deal instead of the deal that you...

I don't think they'll let me do another special after this.

You should do one of those deals.

I would.

Yeah.

I think it was wonderful, your bait and switch.

You know you deceived.

You deceived.

Oh.

Own that.

Well, I just wanted people to tune in.

I did deceive because I wanted people to have a moment.

The only thing I wanted was for people to be watching and at one point be like, did that just happen?

See, that's...

That's why I had to play it that way.

That's a goal, Scott, that she had.

She wanted something and she went after it.

Dr. Levine, don't you think that just show business in general, acting and the like, isn't that deception really...

I mean is it really a bad thing?

You say deceiving like it's a bad thing.

You know, but I think a lot of people deceive themselves.

Right.

You know?

Well, she was deceiving other people.

Yeah, but... and that's, you know, she should own that.

Sure.

You're right.

But why did you bring up deceiving yourself if she was dece iving other people?

Well, you brought it up.

You said isn't acting deceiving?

I said, you know, some actors are incredibly delusional.

Okay.

I didn't make that call.

I don't want to name any.

You're the one connecting dots with this one.

I don't want to name any names.

Name one name for us.

You think he's deceiving himself?

Yes.

In what manner?

Well, you know, I mean, how many more times can we watch him, you know, be the guy who keeps things from blowing up?

Sure.

He has saved us from blowing up a lot of times.

You know, it's after a while you go... you know, you're a little guy, so...

Why are you always trying to save us from blowing up?

You know what I mean?

Like, what are you compensating for?

Yes.

You know?

Yes.

You have been a good student.

Like you're so short you need to save us from blowing up?

I mean, come on, Tom.

And I don't mind that he's, you know, but this Napoleon thing is getting... it's, you know, tiresome.

What I want to see is I want to see him play somebody who's really, you know, delicate and soft and somebody who, you know, can really... like, you know what he would have been great in is The King's Speech.

Wonderful.

He would have been wonderful in The King's Speech.

Just stuttering his heart out.

Stuttering away.

I would believe that.

Yeah.

I'd like to see him as like a 7-Eleven or, you know, store clerk.

Yeah, like a regular guy.

Just trying to get by and, you know, it's not working out for him and he loses that job and now he's like, how did this happen?

How am I holding up a piece of cardboard asking for money?

Yeah.

Meanwhile, stuff is blowing up outside the store.

And he can't do anything about it.

Yeah, he doesn't have it.

Like, what is he going to do?

He's a regular guy.

This would be a great role for him.

He's a roommate of someone very funny, like a Jason Sajakus or something.

And he plays the roommate who, you know, forgets to pay the rent, doesn't buy toilet paper, the mundane.

Seems like a good movie.

You know, he's that guy and he... and then once in a while he's got a gem of advice.

That's just a gem.

And it makes, like, usually he's kind of funny, but then all of a sudden he says one thing that's really true and honest and it makes Jason Sajakus go , you know what?

I need to re-examine my relationship.

Yes.

And then he gets on the subway and he gets on the subway and he changes subways and he's running and he trips over...

Tom Cruise does?

Yeah.

No, no, no.

No, Jason Sajakus does.

And he trips over a busker in the subway station and he goes to the girl...

Pennies go flying.

Played by Christian Shaw because she was so wonderful.

And says to her, you know, I was wrong about it.

Have the baby.

I shouldn't have deceived you.

I shouldn't have lied about, you know, what I do for a living and who my best friend is.

Yeah.

And I should have been honest with you.

At first it started out as a game, but now I actually am in love with you.

Right.

You know, and how would you take that?

Well, then I'm like, it's too late.

You should have told me to have the baby an hour ago.

You know?

This movie is all about Jason Sajakus' girlfriend has an abortion.

Yeah, I don't mean to cough.

I just...

Physician heal thyself, literally.

Yes.

I think that's a wonderful thing.

Nobody ever made that movie.

No.

An hour right after the abortion movie.

Right.

Yeah.

And that's the moment that they, you know...

Let's write it together.

Not only that, it is an anti-abortion film.

Yeah, because it sees the cost.

I would laugh.

Oh, I would laugh.

Which part?

They'll laugh.

You know, you go, oh, they're going to fall in love.

Others are going to have the baby, blah, blah, blah.

But she says, you should have been here an hour ago.

You know, she's holding a receipt.

She goes right from the clinic to her busking job.

A receipt from the clinic.

What is on that receipt?

I'm wondering.

You know, like, what the procedure.

You do get a receipt.

I've seen receipts actually published on like Jezebel or something.

Is it like a hotel receipt when you buy porn on the hotel thing where it doesn't say exactly what it is?

Or does it say like, number one abortion, 99.99?

Should one tip their abortionist?

That's a good question.

No.

I mean, you're an educated woman.

It seems like you would know.

Yeah.

What is your degree in tipping it?

I appreciate it.

It's just hard to know if someone's done a good job.

You know, hairstyle.

You can look in the mirror and go, oh, you did wonderful.

You've matched.

You matched the color.

Or like, you know, in a hotel, and not to bring up, hotels twice in...

I know, somebody is fancy.

120 seconds.

But when you tip your maid, usually it's, I mean, maybe inflation has gone up, but they say a dollar per night you were there.

Oh, that's it?

A dollar?

I've been, geez, I'm going to go back and get my money back .

Yeah.

But you know, I mean...

I usually leave them about $400.

$400 on the nightstand.

Yeah.

And then a note being like, thank God for you.

Oh, sure.

Because my messes I leave are intense.

What are you doing in these hotels?

I know, geez.

Well, what do I do any time?

You know, it's what I do any time.

We're talking about a meal.

Just fluids.

You know, like a lot of things.

Constantly shitting or?

Yeah, all things.

Oh, my gosh.

Just fluids, she says.

Are we talking shit, piss, and blood?

And other things.

Other things too?

What else is in there?

Just bile.

There's bile.

Oh, bile.

There's bile, yeah.

What else is in there?

There's so much.

Yeah.

What about bile?

Mm.

So you talk about it.

Your last appearance.

Another thing happened on your last appearance.

Yeah.

By the way, did you give Cody that track?

I gave it to you.

Oh, so it's up to me to send it on.

Well, I don't have Cody's email.

Oh, okay.

Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.

I thought maybe- You think Cody and I are buddies?

When you said- Since I doesn't even talk.

When you said you wanted to play it, I thought you were going to bring it, is what I said.

But I have it in my email.

Oh, right.

But I'll look it up.

Okay.

So, but let's talk about it while I'm looking it up.

Okay.

So you told a joke.

Yeah.

And then describe what happened after this.

Yeah.

So there was a young lady on the show, Nancy.

Do you remember her last name?

Wonderful.

What's her last name?

What is it?

What was Nancy's last name?

Tillerman or something.

She was a, she's a comedian.

She's been on the show a couple of times.

She's an up and coming comedian.

She was lovely.

And I said, I'll take you under my wing.

I'll teach you how to do standup.

And something happened where I was put on the spot to improvise a joke and I went incredibly blue and I talked about my vagina.

Oh, that's okay.

And compared it to a tree.

That's wonderful.

And anyways, my mom in Colorado, she is, I guess they got their internet fixed because before the internet was like dial up and like they never knew anything that was going on.

And so, so I just got a message on my birthday, a voicemail from my mom saying that she listened to this podcast and I made a joke on there that mortified her in a way that shook her to her core.

Right.

And she's this very like lovely, sweet lady.

Is she familiar with your work in general?

That's what I was a little surprised about because I did...

Has she ever heard you say anything like this in person?

No, something about how vivid it was about my vagina.

What's your mother's relationship with her own vagina?

See, that's the thing.

I couldn't tell you.

It's never come up.

What, you know, bro shit.

You guys need to sit down about your respective vaginas.

There's never a bad time to ask your mother about her vagina.

Well, that's good to know.

Christmas?

It's a real projection here.

Yeah.

She has a wonderful, I'm looking at you, you have a wonderful relationship with your vagina.

Yeah.

I've heard of like penis envy in women, but vagina shame, you know?

I mean, that's why people don't talk about that.

That is rampant.

Yeah, absolutely.

So we should talk about this and we should include your mother in that.

No, I don't think so.

The woman who is ashamed of her own vagina.

No, I don't think so.

By the way, if you're listening, what is her name by the way?

Pam.

Pam Schall?

Is it Pam Schall?

If you're listening to this, your daughter's lovely.

She's one of my favorite comedians and people.

And uh, but she's not ashamed of her vagina and you obviously are, and you have a problem with it.

You have a hang up.

No, don't say that.

Take that out.

Don't say that.

Listen, Pam, Pam, you know, I just want to let you know, Pam, you can call me anytime.

Call Dr. Levine.

Trust me.

She helps you with this kind of stuff.

We can open up this portal.

We can have a real good dialogue between you and your vagina.

An ongoing dialogue that will last you a lifetime.

A lifetime.

Well, anyways, I hope you take this part out because she's going to be mortified.

Probably not, but uh, but she'll be more mortified with what we're going to play here.

Also though, but I got a permission to play this.

I said I didn't get a provision to talk about her vagina on this podcast.

This is, oh gosh, art and life.

You're like, you see, this is the problem with life is it keeps going.

You know what I mean?

It's like we thought you thought you were done and then no, another day happened.

And then you know what I mean?

Anyway, what is this?

What is this?

What is Cyrus's last name?

Former engineer Cyrus who used to work here.

Yeah.

It's, it's so hard to pronounce.

It's Italian.

Cody, what is it?

Gelman, Gelman, German.

I don't even know.

But former engineer Cyrus.

I got him to take my voicemail from my mom's voicemail and the joke from the show and mash it together in a song.

They call these mashups.

Mashups.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

So we're going to play this right now.

Cody, are we ready?

Are we all the way up on this?

Okay, here we go.

And...

Hey, Kristin, it's mom.

I wanted to ask you something a few days ago, but I just didn't have the nerve, but I'm going to ask you now.

I listened to that podcast you did.

You made a joke on there about the...

Well, I think you know what I'm talking about and it was pretty shocking.

Yes, that's part of your repertoire.

Could you not do it because it just seems so over the top to me and it was kind of upsetting for a couple of days to hear something like that.

And maybe it's just me, but it was just pretty shockingly out there.

Yeah.

I'm going to do it.

I love you and I wish I could give you a hug on your birthday.

Wish I could give you a hug on your birthday.

Yeah.

It ends on a sweet note.

Well, I thought that she comes off incredibly sweet and end earing in the message and I just thought it was a good contrast about where I came from and what I'm doing now.

Pam Shaw, you sound like a lovely woman.

She is.

She's cool.

She sounds very young.

She is.

She's pretty young.

I bet her pussy would tell me to.

No, I'm kidding.

Dr. Levine.

No, but she does sound very...

She sounds very youthful.

By the way, this is a doctor.

This is a medical professional.

She can talk about things like this.

I know.

I just...

My mom was embarrassed about that and now she's getting thrown into this.

No, no, no.

She's a doctor.

It's like going in for a checkup.

Exactly.

You know what I mean?

This is what we can do and talk about anything.

Yeah, of course.

This is a safe place as well.

That's the other thing that a lot of people are forgetting.

Not really.

This is a safe place and it's a safe zone in here.

You know what I mean?

So when you step inside this room and it's a podcast, it's a safe zone in here and we can talk about things like this and it's okay.

Yeah, and then it gets broadcast to millions of people.

That's what you try to make me forget in this room.

But whilst inside, it's a safe zone.

You see, she just sounds very youthful and I'm surprised she's having such a reaction.

And it's interesting, did you notice, Scott, that she says, could you not do that joke?

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

So she's never given me that note before.

Right.

She's never tried to control you in that matter.

No, no.

So this one on this safe place podcast upset my mom a lot.

So my psychic intuition here.

Oh, that's right.

I totally forgot about this facet of your personality.

I think your mother would like to do that joke herself.

Yes.

And take the credit for it.

She can't even say it.

Here's what's happening.

She's asserting her dominance right now.

Yes.

Okay, she's trying to prove she's top dog.

She's going to take your joke and she's going to start her own act.

Maybe she is 53 and she thinks it's appropriate for me.

Yeah, exactly.

We don't know how old Pam is.

It's more appropriate for me than it is.

She sounds very young.

Because she's not going to turn 53 for a long time.

Let me have this joke.

Yeah, exactly.

Right.

So you understand that's what's happening here, right?

I guess so.

Yeah.

You know what?

Yes.

I'm going to have the joke.

You can have the joke as soon as you get the courage to say it.

Very nice.

It's not my best joke.

It was just an improvise.

It's pretty good though.

It's not bad.

It's really good.

It's not bad.

All right.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more from Kristen Schaal, more from Dr. Sherry Levine, and also a new guest joins us.

All of that and more on today's.

No, but come right back after the break.

All right.

Bye.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Kristen Schaal and Dr. Sherry Levine.

I may as well say you're my doctor.

You're helping me out with some stuff.

Sure.

Go ahead.

And there's no shame in that and going to and asking for help.

And that's...

No, no.

I mean, asking for help as much as you do, I could see what would raise an eyebrow.

But asking for help in general is considered a feat of strength.

I may have Dr. Levine on speed dial if that is still a thing that exists.

I don't know.

Speed dial?

Yeah, it is.

If you have an iPhone, you have your favorites.

And then you just...

It's just you go to favorite...

But does it dial faster than the normal dialing does?

Because that's what speed dial was.

We'd go boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.

Really?

Like a little faster than you going boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.

I guess now it's all just a...

Everybody's on speed dial now.

It's a click of a button these days, you know what I mean?

It's just like iPhone, iPad, I don't know anymore.

You know what I mean?

Anyway, so Dr. Sherry Levine is here and we have Christian Schall, of course, the great Christian Schall, who is a comedian of note.

Yeah, but what note?

E flat.

We have another guest here on the show and this is exciting .

We have an educated woman, a doctor with over 115 doctor ates and a comedian of note, but we also have a representative from the lovely state of Georgia, the state in which I was born as a matter of fact.

And he is Representative Buford Dorsey is here with us.

Hello, Representative Dorsey.

Good afternoon, Scott.

It's very nice to meet you and see you.

It's a pleasure to be here.

And what brings you to the show here?

Hollywood Days, first of all, you obviously are experiencing that.

Oh, yes, indeed.

Well, I'm in town for a fundraiser, but I thought I'd stop by.

In nature?

Indeed, it is political in nature.

Oh, that sounds juicy.

But I figured I'd stop by and share some tidbits of political wisdom I've picked up over the years.

Oh, okay.

This sounds, well, Christian and Dr. Levine, what do you think about that?

Where did you pick it up?

In Georgia?

No.

I've picked it up in Georgia.

I've picked it up inside the Beltway.

Oh, of course.

Washington, DC.

Yeah.

On the Hill?

On the Hill.

And on the campaign trail.

Oh, that sounds great.

Well, people are becoming more and more fascinated with politics.

Shows like The West Wing or- Yeah, that great show The West Wing that's on now.

Right.

Or what's that show that's on- 1600 Pen.

Yes, that's the one I'm thinking of.

All about politics.

That one on Netflix, 1600 Pen.

Okay, so anyway, you have tips for us in case- Well, yeah.

What's the first regarding it?

In case we're going to run or- Well, just a manner of how to conduct your life.

Oh, okay.

So they're more, they can be applicable to any person.

Certainly.

Okay, fantastic.

This I got to hear.

Well, look, if you want to stand out from the crowd, you've got to think differently from the crowd.

This is true.

Most people, they would say if they were thirsty, they'd walk over to a fridge, open it up, and get some sweet tea.

Yeah.

As for me, I think the fridge should come to me.

It's a little mountain to Muhammad, sort of.

So wait, you think the fridge, the refrigerator- Oh, yes.

Should, where are you in this situation?

I'm just sitting on my recliner, watching the Georgia Bulldogs.

Okay, that's a good team.

So okay, that's interesting.

So maybe that's a metaphor for you think, just you should be more forceful.

You just don't want to stand out from the crowd.

You don't want to be like everyone else who thinks that they should go to the fridge.

Oh, okay.

So just think differently is what you're saying.

This is in a manner of speaking.

Oh, think different.

That's a wonderful slogan you should steal.

But are you getting like, is the fridge going to be like, robotized?

Like, is it going to like, remotely roll over like, to you and then open up for you?

Well, I would call the robotics lab at Stanford University, but I think they should call me.

Oh.

I'm starting to understand.

Okay.

Well, what's your next tip?

What do you have?

Well, most people would say that you should read bedtime stories to your children.

Oh, sure.

That helps them get to sleep.

I have my children read bedtime stories to me.

To you, to you, yeah.

Wait, your children are reading you bedtime stories?

Oh, yes.

We're currently on book four of A Song of Ice and Fire, a feast for crows.

Is that really an appropriate book for— What is that book?

I've never heard of it.

It's part of the Song of Ice and Fire book series, more popular than known by the name of the first book, A Game of Thrones.

Oh, sorry.

Thank you.

Oh, sorry.

Yeah, I don't think that's an appropriate book for children to be reading.

I mean, it's appropriate— There is a lot of unrest in dawn.

I'll give you that.

Well, do your children find this interesting?

They ask me a lot of questions.

Do you answer them?

Never once.

Is one of those questions, Dad, why don't you read us this Gigi book?

They've never had it programmed that the parents should read them a book.

They're homeschooled, so they don't have friends telling them the way it ought to be.

Oh, okay.

But they must be very bright children to be able to read these books.

Well, they're very into Westeros politics.

Okay.

U.S. politics, not so much.

Oh, well, you know, it's hard to be interested in what your parents do, you know.

That's true.

How do you navigate all the threesomes in those books?

With a fine-toothed comb.

Well, that explains it.

So what is your next tip?

Well, most people would say that after you poop, it's your duty to refill your food.

Refill your butt with more poop by eating food.

I think that's the main reason people eat food, to fill their butts up with poop so they can poop it out.

Sure, yeah.

I mean, I can think of no other reason to eat food.

But for you, let me guess.

Yes.

You, let's see, you feel that your duty is to make a duty so that your poop can refill – it can go into the ground and become food.

No, no, no.

It's my butt's duty to refill itself with poop.

Oh, Jesus.

And it's that kind of thinking that helped me get the ge othermal energy bill passed.

This is why we can't do anything in the White House right here.

I'm not sure exactly how that works out, but – Yeah, do you bypass the rest of the digestive system?

Does your butt – Does your butt eat things?

Is that what you're trying to say?

Yeah.

If it can go out, it can suck it back up.

Oh.

So you're saying you want the – once you poop, you want the – to suck the poop back up into – Like a science has alluded, Georgia, at some point.

I don't know about this.

Wait, wait, do you have another tip for people?

I certainly do.

Most people would say that white people should never say the N-word.

Oh, my goodness.

As for me, I say that white people should definitely say the word – hold on, I'm getting a phone call.

What?

Excuse me.

Oh, hello, Mr. President.

What's that?

You want me to be the next Secretary of State?

Well, I'm afraid I must decline.

Most people would say that it's a mistake to say no to the President.

As for me, I say it's a mistake for the President to say no to me.

When did he say no to you?

Yeah.

He was still on the line.

Oh, wait, you just hung up?

He was still on the line.

Oh, did he hear what you said?

No, if I turn away from someone, they can't hear what I'm saying.

Oh, okay.

Huh, interesting.

You've got a lot of swagger.

A lot of swagger over there.

I picked it up at the base of Stone Mountain.

Okay.

Well, my goodness, Representative Dorsey, that's some good tips.

Did you have any more?

That was the last tip.

No, those are, I mean, some people say the sticky side of tape is sticky and the other side isn't.

I say the other side is sticky and the sticky side ain't.

You know what?

I'm starting to really find myself brutally attracted to you.

Oh, my goodness.

You have a magnetism, just like the way you talk about that and the way that you're just so forceful, I can imagine it's attractive.

Yeah, the confidence.

Even though the content of what you're saying makes no sense at all.

None.

The way that you're saying it.

Mindless confidence.

It's none.

Everything you say is garbage.

Gobbledygook.

Garbage.

But you, sir, I see what you mean.

I would come to you in this situation.

And you're not put off at all by the fact that this chair is on my lap?

Instead of it being on yours?

Instead of me sitting on the chair?

Nope.

And this guy just says to me, this guy, this guy.

Has a different way of thinking.

He's different.

That's how you stand out from the crap.

Scott, this is what I've been trying.

The great unwashed masses.

I've been trying to get through to you here.

See how he does this?

He stinks outside the box.

He's not held hostage by convention over here.

Wait, why are you talking into the microphone?

Can I ask?

Shouldn't the microphone be talking into you?

I also wonder why you're interviewing me.

I should be interviewing you.

That's true.

Well, yeah, I'd love that to happen.

I'd love to take a break and just, yeah, if you want to.

I'll take over this show.

When we come back after the break, I'll have more with Scott Ockerman, Dr. Sherry Levine, and the wonderful Shaul Kristin.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with, of course, Kristin Shaul and Dr. Sherry Levine and Representative Buford Dorsey, an interesting group here of three very accomplished people.

Indeed.

And now you abdicated the role of hosting during the commercial.

You said you were sick of it.

Yes, yes.

I didn't realize I couldn't ask questions during the commercial break.

Because you thought the commercial break should come to...

I thought people should listen during the commercials.

Oh, I see.

And tune out during the content.

Okay, well, that would be very bad.

Although I mean the people during the commercials who advertise on the show would be happy about that.

I mean, if people just listen for the...

Ask me, you should pay the advertisers.

Oh, I don't think that's going to happen.

All right, but it is time for one of our favorite features here on the show.

It's time for a little something we call Would You Rather.

Oh, no.

All right.

It's time for a Would You Rather, and we all know this is played, of course.

Kristen, you know how this is played, right?

Oh, definitely.

Did you play it the last time you were here?

I did.

Let me fill in Dr. Levine and Representative Dorsey.

Oh, I know how this is played.

Oh, you know how it's played?

And Representative Dorsey, do you know how it's played?

Oh, indeed I do.

We play it on Capitol Hill.

Metaphorically.

Of course.

All right, here we go.

Let's just get into it.

I play it in our sessions because I feel that it's incredibly helpful to you for me to disclose really intimate details of my life.

Yeah.

Well, yeah.

Would You Rather doesn't just stop here when I'm doing the show.

I take it into my sessions as well.

Just a refresh.

You don't say we discuss it.

Yeah, you ask questions.

Yeah.

Because last time I jumped the gun and I remember I got chastised.

You lost a lot of points.

Yeah.

Well, you didn't just get chastised.

No, I got whipped.

Yeah.

I can go through the rules.

Yeah.

You want me to?

Okay, here we go.

We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBYR, Comedy Bang Bang or Comedy Bing Bong, Would You Rather.

Don't send them to me, send them to there.

If you send them to me, they get put on the Would You Rather pile, which we all know is not a pile of usable Would You Rathers.

It's actually a pile of discarded Would You Rathers.

So it's not like a wood pile where you would take wood from a wood pile in which you use in your fireplace.

It's actually a pile of discarded Would You Rathers.

Anyway, so that aside, what will happen is I will ask the question.

I'll just repeat it basically.

I won't ask it.

I'll pose it in a certain way of I'll repeat the question that someone has posed already.

At that point, I will open the floor for questions.

You are then free to ask any question you like about either of the scenarios in order to narrow down your choice.

At a certain point, there will be no warning.

I will close the floor for questions, but I will not warn you about when that's going to happen.

So this is your only warning regarding that.

Then you will be forced to immediately vote.

I will then tally up the points and we'll see who won.

So that's pretty easy, right?

Yeah.

All right.

Thank you, Scott.

So this comes to us, and this is actually from two years ago.

This comes to us from Josiah Ostrander from back in May of 2011.

Do you think he's still listening?

What's he doing now?

Hey.

It's an Amish person.

This is maybe very exciting for you.

Oh, also his real name is Josh apparently, but his Twitter handle is Josiah Ostrander.

Hope you're still listening because this is a big thrill for you.

He asks, would you rather eat Randy Jackson's turds?

Randy Jackson, of course, back in the news back in May of 2011.

Just more on people's minds than he is now, although American Idol, while it's slipping in the ratings, is still doing quite well.

Or would you rather eat Randy Jackson's turds or eat Paul Simon's turds?

All right.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Any question about either of these scenarios?

No.

I guess you have to think about what they ingest before you think about whose butthole it's coming out of.

Well, let's break it down.

OK.

So Randy Jackson, he's the dog.

He has lost some weight, but at the same time, he's probably...

Did he have the weight on two years ago?

That's a good point.

How skinny was Randy Jackson two years ago?

If only we could come up with a picture from May of 2011.

But I'd like to think that he lost a lot of weight from the bypass surgery, and then he's been slowly, gradually getting it back.

So at this point, he probably goes and eats at Outback Ste ak Houses a lot.

If I had to guess about Randy Jackson, you know?

Like if you were in an Outback Steak House, anywhere in the country, chances are you'd probably turn your head and see Randy Jackson.

He likes to keep it real.

I mean, he definitely has like millions of dollars, maybe close to the billions at this point.

He might, yeah.

I mean, he produced America's Best Dance Crew.

Right.

He's got a ton of money, but I think he misses those touch stones.

He likes to keep in touch with the people.

We all like the food that we eat when we grow up.

It's comfort food.

But I would imagine he's eating at those and maybe Olive Gardens and stuff like that.

No, he's not going to Olive Gardens.

You don't think he's at Olive Gardens?

He's cutting for slack.

No.

Okay, I apologize.

Apologies, Mr. Jackson.

That's two chain restaurants.

Mr. Jackson, if you're nasty.

And Paul Simon, meanwhile, he's married to Edie Brickell.

You know what I mean?

Who seems to me like she...

No kidding.

Yeah.

He is.

She's constantly just shooting rubber bands at the stars.

Yeah.

And she's got her own money because she's got all those raz ids from, what do you call it?

The What I Am?

Is What I Am.

Is What You Are or What?

Yeah.

New Bohemians.

Oh, I thought you were going to maybe add on to the song because all of us sang a part of it.

I understand.

Okay.

So I wonder if she keeps in touch with the new Bohemians.

No.

You know, the thing about Edie Brickell, she marries up.

You know, she really does.

Paul Simon.

She doesn't just marry a new Bohemian.

And then she goes Simon Cowell.

Next she's going to marry Cowell Fisher and then Fisher Sampson.

Fisher Stevens.

Yes.

And then Steven Spielberg.

But she marries these real music moguls.

Yeah.

What's she doing?

Well, now, you know, she has a new album out now.

No, I don't know this.

She went Simon Cowell now?

With Steve Martin.

No, she has an album with Steve Martin now.

Oh, because he plays the banjo?

Yeah, bluegrass music.

Cool.

But she sings on.

Anyway, so you've got to factor that into Paul Simon's turd s.

You know what I mean?

Like he's...

Not tempeh happening probably.

Yeah.

You know, a lot of wheatgrass.

Do you think he drinks?

Is he a drinker?

Paul Simon?

A tippler?

I don't know.

I would hate to speculate.

Maybe he's in recovery?

He looks like a boozy coot.

I'm going to go ahead and say yes.

And say...

Okay.

He does drink.

He's a little bit of a aniseptic, naturally, moving through his system.

Meaning it cleans it out for you?

Yeah, sure, sure, sure.

But also, when you think about the stuff he's eating...

Kills germs.

The kind of earthy food that he's eating, you know?

I mean, that's got to, you know...

Randy Jackson is probably sampling a lot of crafty.

That's true.

Craft service is, yeah, it's like that.

Maybe he looks like he may eat his feelings often.

Yeah.

Whereas Simon, he seems like a repressed person, so he's not going to...

Who doesn't seem like a outlet for him?

Right, yeah.

But you also have to think of how many times a day as well.

You know what I mean?

Because in either of these scenarios, you have to eat it all.

I mean, I think for me, too, it's like whose feelings would be hurt the most by us not eating their shit?

Right?

Like, who's going to actually be...

I feel like Randy.

Yeah.

Yeah, he'd put it on a plate for you, and then he'd offer it to you with an expectant look, and if you said, you know what, Randy, I'm going with Paul Simon.

But Simon, you know, Simon...

You said Simon Cowell, yes?

I said Paul Simon.

But you said Paul Simon.

Yeah, yeah.

And then you said Edie Burkell is married to Simon Cowell, and I don't think that's true, but I don't know.

I immediately stayed with American Idol.

I'm sorry.

I thought you said Simon Cowell.

They're still married, are they?

Simon Cowell?

I don't know.

Paul Simon and Edie Burkell, yeah, they're still going strong.

Wonderful.

Yeah, it is wonderful.

Wonderful.

I've been married four times.

Oh, really?

Tell us about that.

Are you on your latest one?

We don't talk about you when we're in sessions.

We talk about me plenty.

Yes, this one is wonderful.

He's 15 years my junior.

Oh, how old does that make him, if you don't mind me asking ?

He's 22.

22.

Wow.

No, I'm just kidding.

He's 42.

That's a good joke.

But he is...

You've got some good jokes, this appearance on the show.

Thank you.

I'm going to tell you one about the thermometer, although now we come to find out it's not a joke.

You actually have more than...

I actually do.

Yeah.

But I tell you, I'm just married four times.

I take a page out of Tom Cruise's playbook.

Yeah.

What?

So do you find that if you're in an unhappy marriage, you should not work it out?

You should actually just ditch it and marry it?

This is what I say.

There's always better.

Yes.

If you don't like it, just say to yourself, there's always better.

Something better out there.

And then just ditch it.

Leave it.

You don't need a room full of dead horses that you've beaten.

Just go find something better.

First sign of any problem.

Just abandon.

Abandon and find something better.

Yeah.

What do you think about that, Kristen?

You're newly married.

Oh.

Oh, congratulations.

Thanks.

Thank you.

I think I've found the best.

Have you ever had a problem with him?

No.

Yeah.

Well, the minute you do.

I'm going to have to find something better.

Yeah.

There's better stuff out there.

Apparently.

Yeah.

I mean, you're content for now.

Right.

But anything can happen.

There's something better out there probably.

Is that right?

Yeah.

Let's get back to the game.

Buford, you are represented.

Really quiet.

You've been very quiet about all this.

I'm pondering my minute options.

Well, it seems like there's two.

That's what it seems like to you.

Wait.

You're thinking differently about it though?

I'm wondering if I could possibly even answer a different question.

Well, you might just do that.

Yeah.

We haven't talked about how many times a day that they do it.

You know, I mean.

I feel like this is, this situation is going to be like a one-time deal for us.

Like the turds, whatever.

No, you do this every day.

It's multiple turds.

Yeah.

Every day.

Every day forever.

Well, you didn't ask the question.

You do it every day forever.

Yeah.

Oh, every day forever till we diet because of poisoning.

For every meal or just once a day?

Well, you don't have to do it every meal.

Oh, I get for your meals.

I thought you meant for their meals.

Right.

No, no.

For their meals, you're just watching them expecting it to be turning into shit.

Yeah, Randy gets to go all indoor.

That's one way to make shit.

You have a different view, I know, on that.

Oh, yes indeed.

But, but for your meals, yes, that is the only thing you're able to eat.

Is it an equal amount of both of the shits?

No, it's not.

That's what we're talking about.

In my opinion, Randy Jackson is constantly shitting.

Oh, of course he is.

You know what I mean?

It's a turnstile.

And Paul Simon does it in a very classy, you know, like almost African rhythm type of way.

He might be uptight though.

He might be, Paul Simon might be the kind of guy who can't take a dump unless he's like near his own very fancy toilet at home.

Like, you know, people are afraid to poop in public.

Right, yeah.

He could be that guy, which means he's holding onto that poop for a long time.

So maybe he only does one a day.

He's got fossilized poop inside.

So let's say that's true.

He has one fermented poop a day and it's like wheat grass and tempeh type of poop.

Okay, but you only have to do it.

He might be able to get it out in the morning, like, you know, shit, shower, shave kind of thing.

But he only does it once.

Let's just say that.

He only does it once, but it's really rancid and really rank.

Meanwhile, Randy Jackson constantly shitting.

But it's that kind of outback steakhouse, like kind of meat y shits where it feels like protein a little bit.

But if it is a constant stream of shit, sometimes he might even get some lettuce in there that hasn't like fully digested or some corn or something.

He also drinks coffee, so it's just constantly just like irritating his valves.

Oh, yes.

The trains run on time in Randy Jackson's bathroom, which is what I would have to say there.

Of course.

Well, are you allowed to drink to help wash it down?

Oh, that's a great question.

Can you cook it into anything?

Yes, of course.

See, these are great questions.

You're allowed to cook it.

Oh, you are?

Yeah, yeah, you're allowed to.

You can't add anything to it, but you can cook it.

You can fry it.

Sure, yeah.

You can't add anything.

Yeah, no, you get a little bit of oil.

The oil is all that you're.

I'm afraid I cannot allow salt.

What about some garlic, just a little bit of garlic?

Clove of garlic.

You're allowed one clove of garlic per year.

Wow.

Stevia?

No, Stevia, sorry.

Stevia, sorry.

But you could like blend it.

You could like put it in a blender.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Smoothie.

Yeah, make a smoothie.

Yeah, it's literally a smoothie.

To answer your question, piss.

Okay, so it's a couple of really interesting choices.

I feel sick to my stomach.

I'm so sorry.

And by the way, Pam, if you're listening to this, I apologize.

I hope you're not, Mom.

You may want to give her a head's up.

Pam, you can't have this joke.

By the way, I've closed the floor for questions.

What?

I'm going to have one more.

I'm so sorry, guys.

I should have filibustered.

All right, guys, we're going to have to vote.

Kristen, you're an interesting player.

I'd love to hear your interesting vote.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, I think I'm definitely going to go with Randy Jackson on the count of just emotionally, I feel like he would appreciate it more.

I feel like the foods he's eating are foods that I probably eat the same foods as Randy Jackson.

I don't have the cuisines of Paul Simon, I doubt.

So I would just feel more comfortable in that respect.

Plus, Paul Simon, it seems like you said he's a tight ass, literally.

I think so.

And part of the question you guys didn't ask a question about is they have to watch you eat it.

Oh, they do?

I feel like they would be very uncomfortable with it.

Like Randy Jackson would be like, oh, dog, you got that all down.

He would be supporting me, cheering me on.

I feel like Paul Simon would be over it in a way.

After the first time.

And it's just like, but this is for you.

It's like this is our life now.

Yeah.

You know, it's once a day with you, Paul, and you have to watch me and you can't just be over it after one time.

No.

All right, interesting vote.

All right.

So Dr. Levine, how do you like to vote?

Paul Simon.

Paul Simon, interesting.

Why is that?

Well, you know, I just, I don't need all the screaming and yelling, you know.

It's already horrible enough, you know, it's degrading enough.

I also want, I've watched Paul Simon so much through the years.

I'd like him to watch me.

You know, I don't mean to Senator Steele, the way you think there, but I just feel that you know, Paul Simon is the other thing about Paul Simon.

He's a soulful man.

And you know, you are what you eat.

And I sort of relate very much to his stylings.

And I think that if I haven't killed myself, you know, because of whatever situation I've gotten myself in where this is what I have to do.

Yeah, well, that's a whole thing that we never even talked about exactly why you have to do this.

Actually.

Then I figure, you know, I'm going to go spend my last miserable years with the soulful stylings and maybe Edie Burkell will come in and she'll grace us with something.

I have a few questions for her.

Great.

You know.

I'm sure she'd be happy to answer them while you're downing Paul's leavings.

It's just such a horrible situation.

It is.

And by the way, you didn't ask the question about it, but you do commit suicide before you ever do it in the Paul Simon situation.

Oh, fabulous.

Yeah, great.

So, interesting vote.

All right.

Representative Dorsey, we'd like to hear from you.

In my community of Lithia Springs, Georgia, I already have the white vote wrapped up.

So I have to show those black voters I would do anything to win their votes, even eat one of their own's many shits.

So I'm going Randy Jackson.

Oh, okay.

Wow.

That's great.

So you're actually doing it.

I thought that maybe you'd turn it on its head or...

I'll make an exception if it gets me even one vote.

Sure.

Yeah.

And then you're one step closer to the highest office in the land.

That's right.

King of Westeros.

All right.

Well let's tally up the points.

We have two votes for Randy Jackson and we have one vote for Paul Simon and Kristen, you voted because you had the empathetic vote because Randy needs it a little more.

Dr. Levine, you commit suicide and you never get to ask Ed ie Brukle those questions.

That's too bad.

That is too bad.

That's the unfortunate part of your vote.

For her, for her.

Oh, that's true.

And then for you, you get those votes and you become King of Westeros and Representative Dorsey, that means you're our winner.

As king, we are forced to vote for you.

So congratulations.

And the Game of Thrones continues.

I call it more of a house of cards, but it's, you know, it 's...

Oh, right.

Yeah, that's a better analogy.

Yeah.

Okay.

That is of course how we play Would You Rather.

All right, good game guys.

Good game.

Someone FaceTimed me in the middle of this conversation.

Who would do such a thing?

From San Francisco?

That was me.

I'm sorry.

Was that you?

I had some notes for you.

In the middle of a show?

Well, I just felt like, you know.

Okay, well, it's time, of course, for the very last thing.

We're just about out of time, but we have time for one last thing.

That's a little something we call plugs.

Let's talk about your plugs.

I know you talk plugs.

Let's talk about plugs.

I know you talk plugs.

Let's talk about plug.

I know you talk plugs.

All right, that is I Know You Got Your Plugs by Alex Pulask i.

Tighten it up, Alex.

Beautiful, but tighten it up.

Thanks for that.

If you have a plugs theme, you know what to do.

Head on over to yourwolf.com and leave it in the message boards under the appropriate thread.

And guys, time to plug.

Kristen, let's talk about it.

You have the DVD, what's it called?

Oh, yeah, Kristen Shaw, Live at the Fillmore.

Live at the Fillmore, and it's a very unique special.

Yeah, it's just a, yeah.

It's a little, I do a half as a standup and the other half is just like a live bomb on stage unraveling into chaos.

And $8 is what you suggest people pay for it?

I think it's eight, but it might be nine.

Pay no more than eight.

No, no, you might not get it.

You can get it on Amazon.

It's fun to read the customer reviews, too.

Did you leave one on your own thing?

Divided.

Well, that's, you know, a great artist is divisive.

Yeah, that's me.

Anything else coming up?

Any live dates or any festivals?

Yeah, I'm going to do a daily show comedy standup special at DePaul on Saturday, the 20th.

You might not get it.

This will not be out by then, but all right.

That's it.

That is it.

That's your only live performance.

Oh, no, no, no.

Sorry, Bob's Burgers is doing a West Coast tour.

That's what I'm saying.

Sorry, I'm bad at plugs.

By the way, you're on Bob's Burgers, too.

I'm on Bob's Burgers.

People should watch that show.

Yeah, I wish they would.

Fox on Sundays.

Please watch it.

And the tour is, where can people get information about it?

Because I literally was looking for information about it.

I couldn't find it.

You couldn't find it?

Okay, I'll tell them.

I don't know.

But we're going to go up the West Coast and we're doing shows and we're going to do, everybody's a standup on the show, does a voice, so everybody's going to do 10 minutes and then we're going to do a table reading.

So you have Eugene Mermin, you have...

John Benjamin.

John Robert.

And you have Dan Mintz, John Roberts, me.

Great.

Great cast and that'll be a great time at the theater.

Yeah.

Lauren Bouchard will be there.

Do you suggest dressing up like in tuxedos and evening gown s?

I always suggest that because you feel better about yourself when you're in a tux.

That's right.

All right, so look for information on that at Google or Bing, either one of those.

Okay.

Probably Google it using Bing.

All right.

And Dr. Levine, what do you have to plug?

Oh, what do I have?

What don't I have to plug?

That's a great question.

I have to.

We probably don't have time for that list.

I have a new book.

We didn't even talk about that.

What is your book?

It's called I Know What You're Thinking.

Don't Worry About It.

And then...

That's also, a lot of comedians could do that book because a lot of comedians start their set with I Know What You're Thinking.

I Look Like Fred Flintstone in Drag or something.

Yeah, basically I just took some of your highlights from our sessions and put them in a book.

Don't Worry About It.

Oh.

Oh, gosh.

Don't Worry About It.

I guess I'm not going to worry about it.

Yeah.

They're doing a movie about me.

What?

Yep.

Who's in this movie?

Tom Cruise?

Some of my clients.

What?

Okay.

I cannot confirm or deny that Tom Cruise and Heidi Klum are in this movie about me.

Wow.

Okay.

It starts way back, way back from the very beginning when I was still away.

Yes.

Coming into this country?

Coming into this country.

From where?

From Russia.

And when you say the very beginning, you were a little baby or...

Yes, I was a little baby.

Oh, okay.

And I was stowed away.

Oh, my gosh.

I've never...

And I made it all the way here and I'm self-made.

I've never heard all this about you.

Were you stowed away in an airplane seat?

Yes, thank you.

Oh.

Not in a seat, in the overhead compartment.

Oh.

Really?

You made your way to this country from Russia in an overhead compartment of an airplane?

Yes.

Oh, my goodness.

Self-made, first generation.

Yeah.

Wow.

So, yeah, what else do I have?

Oh, I have...

I just...

My dog gave birth to another dog.

Oh, that's good.

That's lucky when your dog gives birth to a dog.

Yeah.

And not like a platypus.

Yes.

I had nothing to do with this.

It's like not one of those satanic things or like signs of the apocalypse when dogs start giving birth to frogs and stuff.

No, this is a dog...

It's a regular, straight up...

It's a dog and I've registered, so if you want to get me something, send me something, go ahead.

For the dog... meaning get your dog something?

Oh, for me, you know, I... it was, you know...

You registered for what?

What do you mean?

I was emotionally taxing the whole situation.

Giving birth to a dog?

Well, there's this detachment, you know, I'm no longer, you know, public wonder number one with a dog.

Like it's interesting...

It's now looking after its child, its dog child.

My abandonment issues, as you can see, stemming from early stowaways, you know, being left on an airplane compartment.

It's... anyway, there's so much more.

Is the dog giving birth to a dog, is that part of the movie , by the way?

Is that where it ends?

Is that like the last scene?

No, this is... but they do do a nice little high run at the end where they say, her dog Phoebe gave birth to another dog.

You know, what you should do is you should have an end credits scene, like after the credits where like Sam Jackson comes in and like helps the dog give birth to that dog.

That's a great idea.

I could get him to do it because I can't tell you why, but you know why.

Okay, yeah.

He's your client.

Yeah, I get it.

Okay, great.

Now Representative Dorsey, what do you have to plug?

Well as you probably know, on the floor of Congress this week, we will be voting on HR 1163, the Federal Information Security Amendments Act of 2013.

I encourage my fellow representatives to vote against this bill.

What?

Mike, why is that?

It's all a power play.

Is that what politics is life?

Yeah.

Life?

Yeah.

What do you really mean?

What do you mean?

Freud?

Mr. Freud, hello.

I have your slip here.

Oh my goodness.

Well that's very interesting.

Congratulations.

I hope that goes for you.

I mean, by the time this airs, we'll have heard whether it went your way.

Yes indeed.

All right, what do I want to plug?

Of course, thanks to, first of all, Jon Store.

Jon, thank you so much for donating $150 to CBB.

We have something special coming to you.

Thank you so much.

Keeping the lights on here and appreciate that.

And then I also want to plug Bonnaroo.

Reggie Watts and I are doing Bonnaroo together, so come out to that.

And also the Austin Television Festival the week before that, the first weekend in June.

I'll be out there premiering the first episode of CBB and maybe another one, I'm not really sure yet.

And I think I'm also doing a live show out there.

So by the time this comes out, I think info should be out about that.

And that is it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

What do you say?

Closing up the plug bag.

Bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo.

Closing up the plug bag.

Bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo.

And guys, thank you so much.

A great panel.

Three very distinct individuals and yet you all made cohesive harmony on this podcast and I really appreciate that.

Any last words from any of you?

Hello.

Okay, you usually say that at the beginning, but okay, we 'll take it.

There's always better.

Always better.

Think about that.

And Kristen?

Sorry, mom.

Sorry, ma- Pam.

You should be proud of your daughter.

We love her out here.

She's doing very well.

Has a great house from what I've heard with a nice pool.

I'm renting it.

You're renting, sure.

So she's not doing that well.

Yeah.

Okay, Pam, she rents.

So take it easy.

Be kind to her.

She rents.

All right, we will see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio, boom to com.

The wolf dead.
