Lock the gates! We're gonna do an incredible one-on-one, I know I've promised this in previous episodes, but we are going to do a one-on-one getting into the actor's pain interview with the original man who does that, Mark Maron of the WTF Podcast, in this very special episode .

All of that, and maybe a little more, all on today's ♫♫♫ Thank you for listening to Comedy Bang Bang, my name is Scott Aukerman, and I will see you next week!

Great catchphrase! Thank you so much Spencer Broseph for that catchphrase.

That's fantastic, we'll see you next week!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, I am Scott Aukerman, and thank you so much for that catchphrase submission.

Spencer Broseph, if you have one, send it on into the old Earwolf boards, you can hear it on this program, on the auspicious Comedy Bang Bang program, of which we are taking part right now.

And we're going to get to my guest here, it is a very special show, this is a very special Thursday episode of Comedy Bang Bang, and I really wanted to talk to this guy for the entire hour , just by himself, and get an in-depth conversation with him, because honestly , you've heard his show, the WTF show, where he does it with people, and I wanted to see if I could compete, I wanted to see if I could play at his level .

I mean, if you're playing basketball, you want to play against Michael Jordan, you know?

You don't want to be Scottie Pippen, where you're just like , long fingers, getting a lot of rebounds, you know?

You want to play against Michael Jordan, you want to beat him, so we have a very special guest, his television show premieres this Friday on IFC at 10pm, his podcast WTF is the biggest thing in the world, please welcome Marc Maron.

I, I, is this a challenge?

It is! You're going down, Maron.

Oh man! How does, how do we know who wins?

I think by the end of the show, we should...

If I'm crying?

Yeah, okay, if I get you to cry.

Okay.

Alright, great. I think it's safe to say we're taping this in the morning.

Sure, I think this is officially morning. I feel like it's morning.

I feel like it's morning, too.

I've been up for a few hours, though.

I've been up since six in the morning, it's eleven now, and yet it still feels like morning.

Six.

Yeah.

I mean, I thought I got up early, but that's, that's really early.

Is it just, uh, you have a problem sweeping, or that's when you wake up, because we're...

I sometimes...

...old now, or?

Yeah, I sometimes have trouble sleeping, and it's just kind of, like, I usually get to work at seven, so...

When you wake up, do you go, ah, like that?

Hahahaha!

Eugh!

Hahahaha!

Haunted by my dreams.

Yeah, yeah, then you just can't get back to sleep because you're afraid.

It's more just like the, the pains of life, just kind of like, I'm no longer able to sleep through them.

God, you have shit to do!

Yeah.

Like, there, when you're self-employed, a lot of people, and I'm certainly not complaining, uh...

...you, there's no context for your job.

Right.

It's not like, you know, I gotta go to work.

It's like you wake up, and, like, your brain is at work.

Yes.

And there's a never-ending bunch of shit to do.

Stream of stuff you have to do.

And it never ends.

I, I think one of the hardest things about disappointing yourself when you work for yourself is, like, how do you stop?

Yeah.

I mean, when do you stop?

At any, if I have a free moment, theoretically, I'm tweeting right now.

I'm working.

I'm working now.

You consider your tweets to be part of your work.

It's all part of the job, Scott.

Keeping in touch with people, getting my needs met, you know, feeling good about me by using other people who I don 't know to bolster, you know, bolster my sense of self.

I think, you know, that's, and if you love what you do, you have a hard time putting it down, you know, which I, I, I love what I do.

I imagine you do, but I don't want to speak for you.

I, I think I do.

I, I mean, I seem to be busy.

I do have moments where I'm like, holy shit, when is this all going to slow down?

But then when it is slowed down, I mean, what do you really do?

Like if I was left to my own devices and just sitting at home, it'd be a lot of napping.

There'd be, there'd be masturbating, you know, and then again, and that would be sad.

And then I got to beat myself up about that and then eat something.

So it's good that, you know, I have a book to write in between these, my natural hobbies.

Do we talk about this on your show?

I know this is a much more precious show.

I could tell by the theme song.

I don't have a...

Precious. Precious.

Did you hear your theme song?

Yeah.

I like how, by the way, Marc Maron is here.

I like how you levy words like precious, which I know you mean as an insult, and yet you laugh them off.

Why would you say that's an insult?

You, because as long as I've known you.

I envy it.

I mean, like, here's what happened to my brain when your theme song came on.

This is what happened.

It's like, oh, this is, this is cool.

This is like a, it's sweet and it's sort of like, it's retro and kind of a techno disco way, which means that it's got some sort of, you know, groovy appeal to the young people.

And I've got some, you know, I've got my like raunchy blues riff, which is, which is sort of like, look at me, I'm an old blues dude.

You know, like, I like rock and roll, you know, and you're sort of like, hey, what's happening?

You know what I mean?

And yet you're trying to give me a compliment.

Then you put on that voice of, hey, what's happening?

You're a person you despise would sound like that.

No!

I think, I think you're, you're, you, you've known me long enough to interpret a compliment as that's it.

I enjoy your show.

I'm very happy.

I'm thrilled about your success.

Thank you.

I'm thrilled of yours and we'll talk about yours here on this show.

I'm thrilled that you're back on the program.

You haven't been on since you co-started with the wacky ding dongs.

Yeah.

And boy, that was memorable.

It really was.

Who was it again?

The wacky ding dongs were on the show.

We'll go listen to Mark's previous appearance.

Oh, you're going to roll the tape.

Here we go.

No, but Mark, thank you so much for being here and we we've known each other for a long time.

And today I'm going to outmarin Marin.

Yeah.

And I'm just going to talk to you.

Okay.

Someone asked me how long we've known each other.

I was just at Sundance with the ISC people and I was hoping to see you, but I completely avoided the podcast comedy element at Sundance because they literally flew me out to, to have dinner with people.

Right.

Literally just to hang around and go like, this is the guy that's on the picture that's up there on the wall.

We don't have any pieces of a show just yet to show everybody, but they weren't really showing much.

Right.

But I was there with the whole AMC family and we were just, I was talking to you about you to one of the executives.

That's to Debbie, maybe it's really nice that they flew you out there just to have dinner.

They, when they heard I was out there, they invited me to the dinner.

Oh, see, that was the way it went.

There's the difference of the hierarchy.

You had your, you last year was probably your year to be flown out to eat.

Be honest.

I did get one dinner out of them at one point.

Yeah.

Yeah, no, it was not, it was cool.

You know, I, I brought my girlfriend, they, they set us up pretty nicely.

They, they got us food, a ski ticket, which I used.

I went out and skied on the mountain, but I was talking about Debbie and I asked, you know, where's Ockerman?

And she said, he might be coming.

And I, and I said, well, yeah, it doesn't matter to me, but I mean, I thought he was here and she goes, well, we don't know if he's coming or not.

And then she assumed that there was tension between us.

I said, no, I've known Ockerman a long time.

I knew Ockerman when he was, before he was Ockerman.

Yeah, before he was funny or, or like even.

So last week.

But I was trying to go back. I think the first time I met you was when you were on Mr. Show and weren't you living in that house with Post-Ain?

No, I just hung out there all the time.

Okay, so that was it. And we rode bikes into the pool.

The pool parties, yeah, the bikes into the pool.

Yeah, we've known each other a long time.

So, and I, I, and you've done, uh, you, or you did the, uh, rest in peace, the Comedy Bang Bang live standup show many years.

Many times.

And it always made me uncomfortable for the same reason your theme song made me uncomfortable.

Popularity in general seems to make you uncomfortable. And this is a theme.

I don't believe it.

This is a theme with your show, uh, by the way, your show, Marron, um, premieres this Friday on IFC.

Does it?

Yes.

Wow, that, what's wrong with, it's a, oh my God, you're right.

It's this Friday already.

Yeah.

I should be acting more appropriately nervous. Oh my God, I hope people like it.

No, I'm very, I'm excited. I have no idea what to, uh, not unlike my podcast or anything else I put out into the world .

It's a, it's a lot of me. It's, it's fairly, uh, earnest in its emotions.

And I, and I, I don't know how much more of me I have left to put out in the world.

Scott Desi, I'm running out of me.

Did you tell every story that you have to tell?

Well, that's weird. You know, I, I'm getting to that point.

You know, I, I, hopefully new stories are happening and there's drama in my life that will, uh, you know, push things forward.

But it is weird. You do tap out when you're putting it out.

It's sort of, uh, when, when, when, what you're, you're bar tering in is you, you don't want to get to the point where it's like, yeah, well, I, I did a podcast yesterday and that's, that's my story.

Do you, I mean, do you find your life, okay, so talking about the show, is it based on stuff that's happening to you now?

Or is it based on experiences that you've had up to now, uh , as in, you know how, when, uh, a band puts out their first album, they can put out every song they've ever written about any subject and their, their best stuff.

And their, their followup, their sophomore, usually it's sl umps because it's like all about, Oh, what do we talk about now?

Yeah, they're not hungry anymore. And, uh, they've run out of things.

Right.

Yeah. And then they put out the B-sides.

The, the show revolves around the beginning of the podcast, I would think is, is where you would put the story is that it starts with me sort of, um, dealing with my manager at the time, you know, and, and, and having nothing going on.

And then coming up with this podcast and it sort of starts from there, the broken man, you know, what am I going to do with my life?

Are you similarly divorced?

Yeah, it's all there. I'm, I'm divorced and in the beginning, in the first show, which I'm actually not sure which one they're going to run. I should know that, but it 's one of two.

Okay.

Uh, no, they, the, the first show there's a Judd Hirsch plays my father.

Judd Hirsch, Taxi.

From Taxi, which was, it's interesting. It's an interesting story with Judd and, and, or it could possibly be the Dave Foley episode.

They'd say we can go either way with that. Is this not working out the way you want it to? Time-less?

No, sure. Does Dave play your other father? Your stepfather ?

Yes, Dave plays my pretend father. Dave plays the father I wanted. No, Dave plays himself.

The way this show works is there's 10 episodes and there are people that appear in the podcast sections playing themselves.

So we sort of use the podcast as, I don't want to, I'm not going to say Larry Sanders, but there are people appearing in small segments on a podcast segments as themselves.

Right.

Some of those people actually integrate into the narrative and like, uh, like Dave has, is really a full show with Dave.

He shows up as a guest and then he's part of my day.

Right.

Whereas, uh, you know, there's a few people that did that.

I guess I can talk about it now since we're going.

Um, like Dennis Leary, uh, plays a podcast guest who has a little bit of storyline.

Eliana Douglas, also a podcast guest who has a little bit of storyline.

When you say Dennis Leary plays a podcast guest, do you mean that he plays himself?

Yes.

Oh, I see. Okay. So no, there's never a time where Dennis Leary shows up playing a fake person.

No, the only fake people are.

Like the ref for instance.

Right. No, he, yeah, he actually played the fireman character, you know, from rescue me and my show.

Interesting.

Yeah. Like my house is on fire and we're like, who can we cast that really knows his way around a hose?

I've always said that about him.

Yeah. And Leary was the first guy.

No, but, uh, the Judd Hirsch thing was, is, is interesting because my father's nuts, you know, he's just sort of a little frightening, uh, emotionally and psychologically.

And in the pilot presentation, uh, that sold the show at As ner, you know, played my father and then, you know, when he was tied up with stuff and, and we needed to cast somebody else and we thought about a lot of people.

And then Judd Hirsch came up as somebody, they, the, the studio and the network was like, he'd be a great guy.

And I'm like, but that Hirsch is so cute.

He's going to come out and he's going to do the Judd Hirsch thing.

And that's my father doesn't do that.

You know, so I've ever seen, uh, uh, like Eugene Levies, Judd Hirsch impression from SCTV.

Doesn't he do them all the time? Isn't Eugene Levy, Judd H irsch.

It's like, it's not that far different, but it's really funny because all he, he basically slumps his shoulders up.

Yeah. So he doesn't have a neck or as a giant cardigan.

Yeah. Yeah. And then does exactly what you were doing.

It was interesting though, because like, I didn't know, you know, when you get in, when you work with actors at that level, uh, and they, they decide to do this, you know, sometimes they're like, well, this is a great project.

Other there other times, I think they're just sort of like, what is two days work?

And I can, okay.

So, but he shows up and, and we start the scenes and I'm doing scenes with Judd Hirsch, which is very exciting because he's, he is a great actor.

He's a legend.

Yeah.

And, uh, was that what that show was called? Number five?

I don't remember. I don't, I, but he's Judd Hirsch and, uh, and you know, I got my director there and I think on that episode was Bob, Bobcat Goldthwait directed for the episodes and, uh, you know, my show runners and we're all in, everybody's sitting and I'm doing the scene and I'm like, he's doing like, Hey, I don't want to be beat.

And I'm like, you know, and I get off and they're all like, oh, he's doing, you know, he's not doing the thing.

We need him to be, you know, dark, a little darker.

And they're all sort of like, I don't know what we're going to do.

I'm like, he's an actor.

Go talk to him.

Get my note.

Yeah. Right.

That's why you, Judd Hirsch is not like Brando.

He's not going to like, no, fuck you.

And it turned out great.

I mean, you know, he really nailed it.

It was very interesting with a very minor adjustment.

I mean, he's a real pro.

Like it's interesting when, you know, actors who, who you assume, you know, I mean, he was still Judd Hirsch, but with a very, with a very little adjustment in that there was a, there was a little sense of menace there.

Interesting.

So you, you don't get along with your father on the show.

Is that safe to say, or?

Well, I mean, the relate, it's a different relationship.

We obviously, I had to fictionalize some things, but the emotional guts of it are similar.

But in the show, I have not really seen him.

Like we're estranged and he shows up.

Is that the case in your own life?

No, no, no.

He's just strange.

And I, he's a strange.

And I try to, but it's, there's a real rawness to this stuff, you know, that I was surprised about.

I'm playing me and, and I've never been through this process before in terms of creating a show and being part of the writing process.

And, and, you know, all the stories are my stories, you know, they're all fictionalized a bit because you can't, it 's interesting.

And you know, this to be true, cause you you've done television in a real way.

This is really my first opportunity doing this.

So being part of a, and my writing staff was small, we had showrunners and we, we, we got a team.

So we got two for one there and one other guy and me, I mean, that's a small staff and we had to do, you know, 10 episodes.

We had like two months to write them, including Breaking Story.

Right.

And then we had six weeks.

It's a lot of work.

And change to shoot them.

Right.

And, uh, so I'd never been part of that.

And it's just interesting that when I looked at myself acting as me, like I, I feel like I did all right with it.

But, and, and because the stories were my own, there are moments in the show where I'm watching and I'm like, well, that's a little raw.

That my, my father's not going to be happy about that.

So you started to think about what the real people in these stories are going to think about, uh, these fictionalized versions of them.

Yeah, a little bit, because I'm not, I mean, people who know me, I'm not, you know, I'm not a reduced person.

I'm not, I'm not a ridiculous guy.

I'm not, I'm not, I'm not going to do broad comedy, you know?

So like a lot of this stuff when we're engaging that you might've looked like jokes on paper, you know, it's coming out, like sort of like I was emotional.

Right.

Cause I think there's a lot of movement.

Like when you watch sitcoms, you watch even, uh, these single camera half hours, almost always, you know, jokes sort of deter the emotional trajectory of a, of a thing.

You know, if you do a joke, you know, it kind of throws off the thing, but there are a couple of moments in this thing where it kind of follows all the way through.

And I'm like, Oh my God, you know, I'm, I'm resolving things on this show.

There's that kid is that man who is Mark Marin on that show is immature and he's got these father issues.

And I think he should be over those things by now.

So the show has helped you then the show has helped you like sort of in your own life to, to kind of emotionally resolve issues.

Well, I was surprised at how infantile I looked.

I'm sure that some people who may not like me or find me annoying, you know that already.

Like I think that the people that like listen to me and they're like, that guy's irritating.

He's like a child, he's like emotionally 15.

And then when I saw some of the scenes with my father, which were good, and I think people definitely relate to them, I'm like, Oh my God, I sound like a baby.

Do you think it'll affect the way that you now talk to these people like your father or?

Well, I mean, I think that that stuff, um, you know, with fathers, I don't know where you're at with yours, but I, I mean, parents in general have an ability no matter how much .

Resolution or, or maturity you get around your relationship with them, you know, give them an hour and they'll strip you down to whatever you were when you were 10.

You know what I mean?

It's, it's never that far away.

And then if you're smart, you walk out of the room and you don't engage because if you have anger at your parents, uh, you know, that's, that's very young in terms of where, when it started, you know, when that anger comes out of the, you know, the unfiltered out of a 50 year old man.

It's not attractive and there's a lot more momentum behind it.

There's a, uh, a 49 to 50 year old man screaming at his father.

There's no way to sort of frame that as like, Oh, he's just a kid.

He's having a problem.

And it's like, yeah.

Is it interesting how you just never get over the stuff almost, you know, it's just so hard.

Like you say a 50 year, like when I was young, when, you know, when all of the stuff that, you know, our parents were inflicting upon us, you think like 50 a 50 year old man is the oldest person that you can think of.

You know, it's like that Todd glass joke about how, uh, you think of 50 year old man is the guy going, hello, shiny.

But it's really just a guy going, Hey, how are you?

I'm 50.

I have a band.

It's a very weird thing.

I don't know if it was always like that because, well, no, when you think about like, I always think about like, uh, when you think about Cobain or Hendrix or any of these people that, you know, that are sort of icons, I mean, they didn't even make it to 30.

When you meet somebody who's 29 now, you're like, Oh my God .

I mean, yeah, but a jerk.

Yeah.

And yet Kurt Cobain was how old was he?

23 or 27 something like that.

I think he might've been over 30 actually, but the other ones were like 27.

Let's find this out.

Engineer Frank, find out how old Kurt Cobain was.

Yeah.

And I don't think we know how to be like, I think that people when we were younger who are our age now, you know, dressed appropriately, they looked a different way.

Everyone wore a shirt and tie from the moment they were, you know, 15 when they went to school, you know?

Like, I don't always think that like, you know, I know certain, you know, certain attire doesn't work for me in my mind.

I would love to see you just like change into a suit and tie guy like Paul Feig or Paul F. Tompkins.

Yeah, I can, I can do it, but my head's a little big.

Is that what it is? Because currently you're wearing some sort of a beanie hat.

Yeah. I'm, I'm just proportionally peculiar sometimes.

Do you have one of those giant heads that you see on people ?

If I lose weight.

Yeah.

Yeah, you definitely, there's a, there's a larger head thing, but I think it works good on camera from what I understand.

Like, like the people who really work good on camera are dwarves with incredibly large heads.

Have you ever met Tom Cruise?

Dingling.

He's a dwarf, but he's got a very large head.

Right, yeah.

And I'm not, I'm not saying, I don't want any little people to take offense at that, at my derogatory or, or, or careless use of the word dwarf.

That's right, but, you know, he said it and you have to live with it now.

It's a, it's a, it's a good word.

It's a funny word. I didn't say midget.

Have you looked at the show, Mark, and have you started like breaking down your appearance and, and, and getting self-conscious about, you know, because, uh, but you've been on camera for, for as long as I've known you.

I've had a hard time with it, yeah.

And in many different, uh, forms, you know, it's taken me probably 20 years to really commit to a haircut and, you know, facial hair.

So you're committed to this one right now?

Yeah, I've been, this seems to be sticking.

This is happening till the end of your life?

The mustache and the strange goatee thing, the soul patch, uh, seems to have held for a few years, which is a pretty long run for me.

I have cut my hair a little shorter.

Like my only problem I do when I see myself on camera, I did have a couple of, uh, I wouldn't call them diva fits, but you know, when you get wardrobe and, you know, it's like this shirt's not comfortable.

It's a little tight and I can see my tummy, you know, like I had one or two moments like that, but I don't think that 's out of character.

I have one episode of the comedy bang bang show from last season where it literally the sweater that they put me in ruins the show for me.

It's, I, every time I was in the editing room and you know, you've been in the editing room for your show over and over , I've watched these shows over and over and every single time I bring it up to the editor.

And I would bring it up to the editor just saying it's the absolute nadir of the costuming at that point is just, it's first of all, it's white and it makes me look pasty and it 's like a Judd Hurst sweater.

It bunches up.

So I look like a mushroom and it just, and the show is a funny show and I cannot get over it and I can't watch that show.

Really?

Yeah.

It's that bad.

Yeah.

Well, I think there were, I've grown a little more accepting like there, you know, I think when we're younger or just when you're, you're more insecure, maybe I don't know, like there's nothing.

I was just fascinated with the whole process and you know, obviously I had some problems with pants and whatever, but I mean, I'm not going to let it.

Problems with pants with Mark Baron.

I'm not going to, I'm not going to freak out about it because like, I'm pretty proud of the show. The one thing I know about it in, in the whole arc of it is that it doesn't look like anything else.

And it doesn't, doesn't, it's not hacky and there are some very real and funny moments in it and there, there are interesting stories.

So I, I feel proud of it, which is, you know, weird for me.

Like I, I feel like I did something, but in a bigger picture, you know, when you talk to people like yourself, like this is for me.

If I'm going to do TV, I've never written for TV.

I've never been a writer. Like with me and TV, it's been like, okay, so I got a TV deal.

My first one that was based on my life at that time, back in the nineties, whenever it was all right.

That, that I wrote a script with another guy. It didn't get made. Wasn't it?

It was that far, by the way, my first TV deal was with NBC, NBC.

I'm trying to imagine that show of how differently.

Do you want to know what that show was?

World would have been, I was married to my first wife.

Uh, I got the deal. I can't remember how it came about.

Um, but yeah, I pitched, you know, I did the dance.

So it was back in, I don't know, the early nineties, maybe or mid nineties.

And the show was, uh, I was a chef, but I was, uh, but I was angry.

All right. And I burned a lot of bridges because I was a rebel chef.

As well as a lot of food.

Right.

I would have met.

Uh, no, I was, uh, I was not a food burner, but I was like, you know, I'm a visionary man.

I'm like, uh, I was like, it was my character at that time.

Like, how do we do, what do we do with him?

Let's make him a chef.

Right. So they have my own, right.

So, you know, I had problems everywhere I went and then I had this wife and, uh, I can't remember what the hell, how it all transpired, whether I was going to open a restaurant .

I think I opened a restaurant, but my brother was also in the food industry, but he was in this sort of corporate food industry.

Oh, that's what it was. And I took a job.

He gave me a job cause I couldn't get work anywhere.

And when these corporate kitchens, it got way out of hand.

So that one didn't work.

Corporate kitchens.

Right. So, uh, so that, that script just got away from us.

So like as they do when, you know, there's a network involved in a writer that you only meet once and you know, you get it when your talent at that time and not a writer per se, they kind of, you meet a bunch of writers who are going to work with you.

They got to deal with it right, right over.

If you were giving yourself some advice, if you were giving that younger you some advice, knowing now what you've kind of done, what would you give that person? Uh, what type of advice would you give that person?

Ditch the chef aspect?

Well, no, just that you're driven by a certain panic.

There's, you know, there like at that time, you know, there were people who were, um, you know, kind of set in their comedy ways and, and were actually easy to write for. I don 't think that at that time I had a very defined character. I think I was defined a lot by my, my anger and my need to, to sort of to get something going.

Um, and I've had that before. Like, I think that if I were to say anything, it would be, you know, you know, just, you know, fucking relax and, and, and figure out what's funny about you. Don't just be like, you know, like you're wreck ing with me. I mean, I'm a guy yelling.

Uh, and, and then, but that deal kind of moved into some other thing. Like they didn't do that show, but then I got like half a deal to write another script and that was the strip mall lawyer script.

You're a strip mall lawyer. That was actually, that one doesn't say that. Yeah. Like a pro bono kind of like I want to help people, you know, now I used to be at the DA's office, probably burn some bridges. That was a pretty good idea. I can't remember if we finished that whole script.

Maybe that guy burned his food. Yeah. Yeah, maybe. Yeah.

And then there was a, then years later, see, this is what the point I was making is that if you're only drawing from you, you know, if a deal goes south, it would be, you got to wait a couple of years till your life changes.

Although I don't know about that because I think Louie has done four different shows based on where he's at. Don't you think? I mean, he had that CBS show, he had the HBO show.

Didn't he have another show that kind of?

Well, no, I think that's true, but I think that Louie, like the arc of Louie's career is that, you know, he needed to arrive at the freedom that he has to do what he wants to do . Like, I don't know, like the CBS show, I think tempered him. There was no way that the full Louie experience was going to function in network television.

I think the HBO show, you know, when I, when I hung out with Louie before, you know, when they were shooting the pilot and he told me the, the conceit of it, I thought it was intellectually compelling, which was that we're going to actually use the honeymooner set.

So, so the idea was that we're going to play out this modern situational comedy on this original sitcom type of set. But even when the intent was possibly, um, to be more surreal than it ended up looking.

Well, it undermined it cause it looked like a cheap sketch show. Like, you know, the, the conceit didn't, didn't function to be some homage to a fifties television.

Yeah. It's like when, when someone goes, I'm going to do like an homage to black and white film, like the artist basically is how he intended it to be of like, Oh no, it's going to look like the artist, but it's these modern feelings.

Right. If they would've done it in black and white, it might've, it would've, you know, kind of.

Seems more like a statement rather than a choice that didn 't work.

Right. And I think now, you know, he's, you know, cause I think at heart, he's really a, you know, great comedian, but he's a, he's a filmmaker and you know, he really, I think he, he sees himself as a filmmaker and I think he is a filmmaker.

And I think that the sensibility outside of his persona is that, you know, he's constructing, you know, sometimes po etically ambiguous short films and, and stringing them through these episodes.

And, you know, and he's, he's, he's able to engage not only his comedic persona and his intellectual persona, but you know, he's, he's a very abstract thinker and he's, he's sort of a kind of a surrealist at heart, you know, and he does this, he does this thing.

So it's very hard to compare anything to what he's doing.

Right. Though everyone will.

But I guess, uh, right. And your show is nothing like Louie , I would imagine.

No, I mean, it's, you know, outside of me being a comedian who's doing a show based on his life, I, you know, which is not that Louie didn't invent that. Uh, no, I don't think so because all of the story, it's all story driven.

Um, it's not heavy handed in, in, uh, you know, when you're shooting television, the thing that people understand but may not realize is that, you know, Louie's situation is very rare in that he has complete creative freedom and he's sort of a visionary guy.

And he's, he takes on all the work himself and that's the deal he made.

And there's very, that's the deal I have too, but, uh, yeah , so it's me and him. I have the Louie deal.

Okay, fine. And you're doing a fake talk show and then he's doing.

Again!

What?

Again with the just smearing, just condescension.

I enjoy your show. I've laughed at it.

You've, okay. I appreciate that.

And I like you. I'm not trying to be.

More importantly than your work. I like you.

And that took a while. And now I'm not being condescending.

We both had to mellow for us to have a friendship.

We did. I think we understand each other now where we both, we both have fun when we talk to each other.

Yeah.

I do enjoy our conversation.

I do too. But the thing about Louie, just getting back to this, is that now he set the standard, which is interesting because on a creative level, you've got comics, you're like , I want the Louie deal, which is okay.

Can you handle that? Louie's sort of a genius and, you know , he can do his thing. He can do what he's doing. He's Louie .

So I don't know that that's a sort of a weird, you know, selfishness or, you know, sort of like any comic.

So I'm just going to do that. There's very few people that can do that.

Everyone wants it, but not, not anyone can have that responsibility.

Or handle it. Yeah. But the other side of it on the executive level, it's the funny thing is now, you know, he 's got this set budget, whatever he started with, which was not a lot of money, you know, considering, you know, making television.

But executives can now say, well, Louie did it. Why can't you? Well, he's Louie.

Yeah.

Come on. Let's just give you a tiny amount of money.

Here's a computer and a camera crew. Make a genius thing.

Mark, we're going to take a break. When we come back, I want to hear more about the show. I want to hear more specifics and we're going to get into the pain that made you a comedian.

Let's talk about the other deals.

Comedy Bang Bang. We'll be right back with more of this hour long outmarining Marin right after this.

Comedy Bang Bang. We're here with Mark Marin, who I am going to get to cry.

Oh my God.

By the end of this segment, possibly by the end of the next segment.

I squirted out a few tears last night.

Really? What happened? Tell me about it and get into that pain.

They come in weird places. I was moved by something. I get like chopped, you know, the show chopped. I get very invested in it.

What's the show chopped?

That's a cooking competition show.

What?

You know, I don't know if it happened last night, but I feel like I Meaning the people's, the contestants' stories move you or the food itself moves you?

It all moves me. And I saw a movie. What movie did I see recently? Oh, is that a movie in Sundance that was fairly compelling?

A few months back?

Yeah. Oh yeah. That's right. A few months ago.

Oh boy. The illusion is broken.

No, I do cry. I don't cry like you and I, even if we were to dig into it.

Yeah, maybe I would, but I tend to cry if I'm jerked around by media, jerked around by story.

I tend to, I cry, I'm moved by pieces of art. I don't know that I necessarily cry in life though. You know what I mean ?

Like I'm not a big crier who's just like telling a story or having a conversation and I just burst out into tears.

Yeah, that doesn't happen very often. It's happened to me before, not necessarily in regular life, but when I did that Montreal Just For Laughs speech, the keynote speech I did a couple years ago.

Great speech.

I cried.

You cried in the middle of it.

I choked up and I had to turn around because I was pretty raw.

Did you say something to the crew and cast of your show on the final day? Did you think that all- Not really. It all sort of like, the cast party and stuff did not come together like that. Like it was just sort of an event with people. I don't feel like we had that kind of closure. Did I do it wrong?

No, no, no, but maybe you're about to have a premiere or something like that where you thank all of them and- Yeah, I hope so. We should get that on the books. Maybe it already happened.

It might have already, by the time this comes out- Let's make one up. Yeah, it was very moving. It was difficult for me to sort of show the gratitude necessary to - No, hopefully that'll happen. Hopefully- I'd like to do more of these shows, Scott. I hope that I get an opportunity because I think that you know, you do ten shows , you have this crazy schedule, and you pull it off.

And then you watch them and you're like, you start thinking about the next bunch.

And what you could do better.

Yeah, exactly. As an actor, as a writer, and also film ically. I mean, I can understand the kind of like- and I also forget that there is a learning curve to stuff.

That what I was getting at before that we didn't really get to is you know that in television, as important as it is to you, sometimes it doesn't work exactly how you want it to, or you want to do things better.

And ultimately you just hope like, well, I've worked my life, my whole life for this, I hope I get the opportunity to do that. To keep growing with this thing.

And television shows are very rare to get. Like a lot of people think, oh, I'll just, I'll get the Louis deal, I'll get my show, and then you know, I'll do that for a couple years, then I'll do a different show, and then I'll do a different show.

But actually television shows are very hard to get, and you know that.

Well yeah, the only people that can actually think that way are writers, and even that's not the same as it used to be.

Like, I was never a guy, I never once thought as a comic that I would become a television writer.

And all the smart guys who seemed to be properly parented, and realized, you know, five or six years in that like, well I'm not going to be one of the ten guys that makes a living for the rest of his life doing comedy.

Why not apply this talent somewhere else and write television and have a family and healthcare and that kind of stuff. I was never that guy, I was always like, fuck that man, I'm a comedian!

I don't want to work for that corporate kitchen.

Yeah, exactly. And you know, when people ask me, like young people about comedy, about being a comedian, I'm pretty, you know, I'm pretty frank about that.

I'm like, look, if you've got the goods and you want to do stand-up, that's fine, but realize that as a comedian, there's a lot of other outlets that you can find your way into.

You know, don't be afraid to try sketch, write a little bit , figure out what your voice is, but figure out what the jobs are that you can do with that talent.

I think anyone coming to show business who just wants to be an actor or just wants to be a stand-up, I would encourage to write, you know, or to branch out and create something because I know so many actors who just kind of sit around and don't have anything to do.

I don't know what they do. Sometimes you don't see actors for years and I literally have concern for them, like oh my god.

Like who are you concerned about now?

Well, you, there, well.

Like I was concerned about Hirsch.

Well, okay, like for instance, well he does, you know, he's like, well you look at someone like Hirsch, you got to figure like he had to have put some money away.

You think, but who knows?

But that's true, but I didn't really question about that. I 'm like, you all right?

You didn't ask him about money? Really?

That's conversation number one.

No, I don't do that with people, but like there's people, okay, Eric Stoltz was in an episode.

Oh, okay.

Playing a character.

Great actor.

Yeah.

Got fired from Back to the Future, famously.

Yeah, I didn't talk to him about that.

But he, you know, he's playing a character, he's playing a friend of mine from college who is a big movie director who directs show hockey movies.

And, you know, like when he showed up, I'm like, what the hell is he even doing?

You know, and then he's like, I direct Glee.

Yeah.

I'm like, really? Oh, okay.

See, so he's kind of found another place in show business where he can make a living.

Directing, you've got to get into directing a writer.

But he always fascinates me.

Fred Savage, he's directing now.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Great director.

Yeah, and they've got, show business is so fucking hard.

And it's so, you know, we're sitting here and we're right in the middle of it here on Sunset Boulevard.

And having been in it for a while, and you still don't ever , it's hard to fully realize if you're not in it and you want to be in it, just how many fucking people there are out there, you know, holding on to that script.

It's, there's a heartbreak to it that it's baffling.

Yeah.

You know, that there's no, there's some weird combination of persistence, synchronicity, and talent that has to happen.

There's no kind of like, I'm here, where do I stand?

Yeah, I mean, and you're a guy who has managed and harness ed that synchronicity.

And you're one of the guys who has a show based around them with your name in the title.

Yeah.

I mean, that's- Everything, everything's hanging on it.

Everything came together, like the stars aligned.

Never happened before.

It's very difficult to do, and all of a sudden you have it.

It never happened before.

Yeah.

You know, you don't know if it'll ever happen again.

Did you think that it would never happen at any point?

No, once when I, dude, when I started the podcast, I was like, well, this is it.

You know, like I, you know, I got to stay busy, but I had no, I just needed to stay busy.

I was done.

I had no options.

I didn't, I didn't see, I had no choices.

You know, I was in the middle, you know, the divorce happened, and then, you know, my manager was just like, hung me out to dry.

And I was, it was heartbreaking.

The whole fucking thing, you know, I've told that story before.

It's weird when you, when you do interviews with people, like when I do them, if somebody has a personal narrative, all you want to do is get, you know, get around it somehow.

You know, I do have that narrative, but no, I thought I was done.

And when I started doing, um, many times in my career, when I, when I first did radio, you know, I was like, I got nothing else going on, you know, and this sounds interesting.

And at least I can make a living, uh, that, you know, after you have a few deals and people don't know what to do with you, or you're one of those people that say, oh, I love Marin.

I don't know what do you do with that guy?

Yeah, that was a, that should have been the name of the show.

What do we do with that guy?

Yeah, I love Marin.

What do you do with that guy?

But when the podcast took off and that kind of stuff, and then, you know, I got a book coming out as well.

When's that coming out, by the way, we'll get you a pre- check here.

It's probably out.

It's probably out by now? Fantastic.

Yeah.

I'm assuming that, you know, by the time, uh, it's called a tempting normal.

The tempting normal?

A tempting.

Oh, a tempting normal.

Yeah.

A tempting.

Yeah.

So it's a and then tempting and then M-O-R-A-L.

I like that.

Attempting moral.

Attempting normal.

No, attempting, like attempts.

Yeah, it was a, you know, it's a series of essays, you know , that are memoir or sort of me-based.

Uh, and I'm, I'm very happy with that thing.

You know, I didn't know, like I had written a book before and it's, when I got offered the opportunity, I was like, oh God.

It's like having homework.

It's like having an incomplete hanging over your head and you can't graduate.

Yeah.

Um, but I'm happy with that.

But all that stuff sort of happened, the TV show and the book and these other opportunities here and there.

But I can say this, and you asked me earlier in the show about what I would say to a younger Mark, is that I'm not sure that I was, you know, with all the other deals or whatever else I've done in my life, you know, half hour special.

I'm not sure that I would say I was actually ready.

Like the one thing about this synchronicity, however it took place, is that I can show up for it.

I'm not freaked out about it.

You know, I don't give a fuck as much as I used to, uh, in terms of like, you know, the insecurity and craziness.

Like I'm, I feel okay about it.

I'm not freaking out.

That has never been the case.

There's something great, and I think we relate, uh, on this point, but there's something great about getting a TV show late in your career.

And I'm not saying my career is late, but I just mean like, you know, when I first started as a comic at 25, you know, when I was taking meetings at 25, 26 with Comedy Central about, hey, what about a show based around you?

You know, there's something great about getting it when you 're 40 because you've learned so much in those 15 years, you know, or in the basis of your career that all of a sudden you do feel ready.

And like I look back at myself back then and go, oh, you would not have been able to do a show, but who knows?

Maybe the show would have been great.

Maybe the chef show would have been great and it would have been just an alternate.

I don't know.

I was at such battle with everything, with myself.

I mean, even with my first TV opportunity, when I did, when I hosted Short Attention Span Theater, which I thought was a horrendous job.

I mean, I was like, I was a rebel comic.

You know, I was like self-destructive and, and, and it was towards the beginning of my career as the early nineties.

And, uh, you know, I just, nothing was really happening.

I was running around yelling into microphones and, you know , to, you know, varying degrees of success.

You were a funny person, but you didn't.

I don't think I was ever as funny as I am now.

Yeah.

You know, I think that now I'm funny in a way that I was probably funny when I was a kid, which wasn't fueled by cynicism or, or trying to be shocking or, or just, you know , leaning on anger so much.

I finally have relaxed into myself.

There was an arc of like, you know, horrible spite and bitterness that, you know, really sort of lasted, you know, and I thought that would be a fine persona, but you know, it takes a long time to realize that, you know, if you're bitter, it's not appealing any way you slice it.

I mean, you know, if you're, if you're sort of speaking about human experience, like, you know, I'm the victim guy, everything screw with me.

If you're going to do Lewis Black or Bill Burr, you know, what the hell is this about?

But with me, it was like, you can all go fuck yourselves.

So you're not even examining it like those guys are like, what is this about?

You're just like, fuck this.

Yeah. Listen to this shit I just made up.

Huh? What are you going to do with it?

But I mean, the point being like, I would like, even when I hosted that show, I was like miserable.

I was like, why the fuck am I the prompter guy?

I'm sitting here reading prompter, throwing the comedy clip .

I love a prompter.

No, I like a prompter as a, as a tool.

I'm just saying right now, Oh, I wish we could afford a prompter.

I had one one day.

If you have a skill for prompter reading, it's a, it's a rare skill to do well.

I wish I could afford it.

I was just throwing to clips.

Well, we, you want to get one? Ask them, they'll give you one.

Do you don't have a prompter for you?

No, they won't even fly me out to where you're having dinner.

Yeah.

I got the Louie deal. I have no money.

Well, I didn't either. I didn't either.

But you know, they, I guess they wanted to eat with me, Scott.

Yeah, I understand.

But continue with your point.

You were, you were saying you were the prompter guy.

Underneath this opportunity that every, anybody would be like, this is great.

You know, you're going to, you're going to be on television .

You're going to be paid.

Okay. It's not exactly the job you want, but you're going to learn how to do that stuff.

I was like, Oh fuck.

I was dragging.

I was like mad every day until I had, I fought to get a writer in, you know, and he went on to, you know, it's interesting.

Like all the dudes, I started with how their careers went, but like I had a writer on that short attention span and they were just doing these like ridiculous throws to clips.

And I'm like, why'd you get me?

Why did you hire me if you're not going to let me be me and at least have some jokes or a couple of bits here, we need a real fucking writer.

And we need somebody that's going to make me not look like a douche bag.

I'm already wearing these silly clothes.

So, uh, so they brought a writer in and that was his first job.

Jonathan Groff.

He went on to, yeah, he went on to be the head writer of Conan and did all this stuff.

Fantastic.

Um, you know, uh, that's interesting.

That's interesting what you said about how you could have told that guy back then that, hey, this is not the ultimate expression of Marc Maron.

This is a job that you're going to have.

I learned how to read prompter.

You're going to learn how to do TV.

But, but what I guess the point I was making is that throughout my entire career, the amount of panic and dread and insane fucking anger and insecurity I would experience before any opportunity, which is dismantling and exhausting .

Right.

Like, you know, just to get on stage to do standup, you know, this sort of like, oh, this is going to suck.

These people aren't going to like me.

I mean, you knew me then.

I mean, it was like you could watch me be, you know, in a dressing room completely disassemble my, any possibility of succeeding.

You're just like before I went on because I would be so self-conscious and so determined that, you know, they weren 't going to like, it was, it was devastating.

And I don't know how that- You'd just be psyching out the audience before you went out there.

You'd like, I do remember you'd be listening to what other people were laughing at.

Right.

And going, oh, they like that.

Right.

And like comparing it to what you were doing.

Yeah.

Oh, great.

They're not going to like what I'm doing because they like that.

Right.

And that shit just sort of has, it's, it's still there a little bit, but like it's almost, it has gone away.

Like I can show up and be myself and be okay with that.

And that- Well also you're, you're more of a name now.

You're, you're someone that people know.

I mean, you know, I think you're more famous than you've ever been.

Right.

I mean- Yeah.

I don't pay much attention to it, but I do know because of the podcast that, and I think this is the one thing that was important.

I mean, I think this is the one thing that was important to me more than being funny was that people who like me because of that podcast or, and, and, and then, you know, come to my comedy or whatever, they, they know who I am.

I mean, they know, they know me, they know what to expect.

They, some of them are wondering, I'm like, is he going to say the same shit?

Is it, can he do standup?

You know, if they don't know my standup, which I definitely can do.

And- I've seen you.

I can vouch for it.

Yeah.

But I can, I can show me, and there's something about that where I'm not just walking into a room full of strangers on a general comedy night.

And I don't mind the challenge of that either.

But now when I go out, you know, that number of people, it 's like, you know, either two thirds of my people and a third, if I do clubs and a third of regular, but I can, it 's weird with people like me because if it's just room full of strangers and I'm doing my thing, they're sort of like, I don't know about this guy.

But if there's like a third of them versus two thirds of my people who are laughing, they're like, I think maybe they 'll- They'll be convinced.

Right.

And I think the podcasting, and I've certainly saw this when I went on tour last year.

It's so great to get people in those rooms who get it. You know what I mean? Because I used to have the same kind of experience too, where I'm a very specific performer.

Right. That's what it is. Specific.

And if you get people who are just the general populace, they don't know how to feel about you and they turn against you.

But podcasting has been so great to get those people who like what you do in those rooms and you can have a hot show right from the jump.

Right. And for me, I think what you're getting at is that, what has it done for my sort of sense of self or self- esteem once the podcast started to take off and I found that people were accepting me for who I was.

It gave me a sense of self-esteem that I didn't really have before. Because I can only be me.

And you sort of throw yourself against the wall for years and years and you get pretty beat up and you get very defeated and then all of a sudden, you know, and you're naturally insecure on top of that, which I was.

And all of a sudden you're being accepted for who you are.

It was like, oh, finally, you know, like, you know, my parents like me, you know.

Well, we're getting deep here. I still haven't made you cry . This is a more deep, more serious Comedy Bang Bang episode , but we have to take another break. When we come back, we 'll have one more segment with Marc Maron coming right after this. I'm going to make him cry. Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Marc Maron and you got to help me out, man.

What?

You got to give me a subject that I can ask you about that 's like very painful for you to talk about or, you know, come on.

We got to get the tears welling up in you, you know?

Well.

Your relationships with?

Oh, the girls, that's going okay. You know, there's a little bit of heartache, you know, that, well, I don't know where it's going to be.

You've been divorced twice.

Yeah, that's not going to do it.

Really? Yeah. Just more bitterness?

No, I'm not that bitter anymore. The weird thing about that kind of heartbreak and stuff is that when you're in it, you never think it's going to end.

And then you get to a sort of juncture with it where it's like, well, I'm either going to be self-pitying and angry and bitter my entire life or I'm just going to let this thing fade.

That's the thing, Scott, and I think that's what we were speaking to earlier is that you get older and you realize, holy shit, that wasn't that important.

Like, nothing, things become almost irrelevant, that, you know, these things in your life where you're like, holy fuck, that was horrible.

It's sort of like, yeah, I kind of remember that.

Well, that's how I feel, and, you know, to be serious, that 's how I feel about people when I hear about people, you know, committing suicide and stuff is it really does, as bad as stuff gets, and everyone feels like it gets really bad, it really does fade.

Like, stuff.

Right. I think that people that actually follow through with suicide are, you know, sort of destined to do that.

And they've had studies where, you know, where if people don't have access to things to kill themselves with, it does generally, you know, it'll pass.

I mean, because, yeah, people have, I remember having thoughts like that, you know, but then when it gets into the mechanics of it, it's like, well, how does it actually happen?

I think it's actually, and I used to do a bit about that, that suicidal rumination is comforting if you're miserable.

Like, you know, like I could always kill myself, and then you're like, oh, okay, okay.

Yeah, you know, it doesn't mean you're going to follow through with it, but you know, the option is there, and it 's a, I think it's some sort of, it's a spiritual vacuum.

It's like, it's a, you know, a kind of spiritual reprieve for the faithless.

You know, some people will find hope in other things, but when you're only, you know, ability to relieve yourself is like, I could be dead.

You know, I mean, if that's what it looks like to you, then that's what it's going to be.

So what topic is it? Is it, do you think it's, is it about your father? Is it, what is the most just emotionally charged thing for you?

Well, I think what's happening now that's interesting is that like, even with people like you, and you know, we're getting at this weird age now where we have a lot of history with our peers.

Like a lot, it's very, it's touching to me that when I see like- Spanning decades.

Right, and that's happening is that, and we may not be hanging out all the time or whatever, but you know, guys I started with, like when I see Dave Cross or I hang out with Louie or I see you, like, I mean, you know, we've known each other for 25 years, you know, or more.

That there's something kind of like interesting and bitters weet and kind of touching about the fact that we're all still doing what we want to do, and we all sort of, we made it through some, what seemed to be like harrowing times.

And sometimes I get very moved by that. If I hear from a friend that I haven't heard from in 20 years and you know, and I see him, it's like, you know, we're, you know, we're at this point in our life where you sort of have to accept like, well, we made it over the hump and you know, I don't know how much longer we all have, but it's good to see you.

I mean, it's very touching. It's just life stuff.

Almost?

Almost.

Almost? I heard your voice kind of crack on one of those words.

I'm doing it!

I'm doing it, man!

I love it!

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Mark, what do you want people to know about the show? It comes out tomorrow. I mean, people will be listening to this afterwards, but it'll be on for how many episodes, first of all?

Ten episodes. There's a lot of stuff covered. There's, you know, father-son relationships. There's, you know, bad sex decisions. There's a...

Bad sex decisions, meaning with whom you're having sex?

Sure, sure.

The way you're doing it.

No, both maybe. There's sort of like, you know, dealing with relationships a little bit. There's a troubled relationship in the show. There's also a bit of a surreal episode that emanates from my brain.

There are great guest stars. We've got, you know, people like Jeff Garland is playing himself. Dave Foley, as I said before, playing himself. We've got Mark Duplass, Ileana Douglas, Leary, Bobby Slayton. Bobby Slayton, the pit bull of comedy!

Yeah, so there's a lot of guest stars to look forward to in those moments. Adam Scott.

So if people are fed up with you, there will at least be people around you that they like.

Yeah, and there's a lot of, you know, it's a lot of me, but it's all pretty, I mean, if you like what I do, it's a, I think it's a pretty tight, you know, slightly amplified, funny, fictional representation of who I am.

Well, having seen the pilot, I have to say that I know that the show is different than that, but I thought you were actually very good in it.

Well, thank you very much.

You're a really good actor in it.

I'm excited about it. I hope people get into it.

Yeah. Well, I'll tell you what. It's time to play, I figure , even though it's an atypical show, let's have one of our favorite features on the show.

It made me cry.

I made you cry!

It's going to make me cry the feature.

Yeah, if you cry during this, there's something wrong with you, but it's time to play Would You Rather.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather, Mark?

Okay.

You're in the hot seat. I don't know that we've ever done one just one-on-one here before.

Usually it's a competition.

I don't know what we're doing.

But we're going to play a one-on-one Would You Rather here, and we're going to see...

What are the rules? How does it work?

Well, we all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR.

Please do not send them to my Twitter, which is at ScottAuk erman, because otherwise they'll go into the Would You Rather pile.

And we all know the Would You Rather pile is not a pile of Would You Rather scenarios that I'm going to use, like a wood pile is full of wood that you're going to use in your fireplace.

It's actually a pile of discarded Would You Rather scenarios.

That's sad.

Yeah, it's sad. Yeah, you don't want them in there.

So send them over to me.

People send them to CBBWYR. I will read it out loud.

I will open up the floor for questions, after which you can ask me any question about either of the two scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice.

There's a lot of information that I know that isn't contained in the question, just about the various details.

Okay, okay.

I will then close the floor for questions, after which I will take no more questions.

And it will be abrupt, Mark. I will abruptly close that floor for questions.

So if you have a question, you need to get it in ASAP.

Okay.

All right? Then you will vote. I'll tally up the points.

I'll assign a winner, which will probably be you, because you're our only player today.

But, you know, maybe I'll...

What about the sound guy?

Yeah, Frank could play. I don't know. Nah.

Frank, the light went on in your eyes. Is this my big moment? You're not ready for it, see? You're not ready.

That's the whole lesson of today's show.

It was a slightly sort of self-doubting light. It was sort of like, really? I don't...

All right, here we go. This comes to us from Joe Cannon, aka I Kind of Like Joe.

Joe asks, would you rather live in a world where cars are run on semen, or where everyone loves the Star Wars prequels more than the originals?

Hmm. All right, well, okay, I have a couple questions.

Unfortunately, I have not opened the floor for questions.

I'm sorry, go ahead.

And you heard the rules. So I'm assuming that you're just sort of scofflaw.

I thought you said I could...

After I opened the floor for questions...

Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

You were present while I was...

I was, but I mean, I don't have to decide until I can ask questions, right?

I opened the floor.

Okay, all right, relax. Did you just do it, or...

I just did it, yeah.

Okay, so now these cars that run on semen, would we have to self-produce the semen that our cars run on?

Because that would be taxing.

No, you are allowed to gather semen from any source that you have.

What does gather mean? Is there going to be semen stations?

Much like where, you know, there are electric plugs in parking lots.

What's something like that, where some guy just comes out and fucks your car?

By the way, it is all human semen. You cannot gather horse semen or any other kind of mammal semen.

It's merely... But yes, there are stations that...

There becomes sort of a prostitution type ring where you'll see, like, over on 53rd and 3rd, you'll see guys, like, with one leg, you know, leaning in...

Right, so you can either go to the station or you can go to Joe, who's always loaded up. He's loaded up. He's your guy.

He's loaded up and he'll do it at a lower price.

Right, you just pull into a bad neighborhood and he sticks his dick in your tank.

Right, exactly. Because the prices of semen are so much more expensive than gas.

The prices of semen, we're talking probably $40 a gallon.

So that would theoretically be a lot fewer cars on the road .

And I'm thinking that the people that are actually, you know, selling their semen or fucking your car in order for you to drive around are not the best people in the world.

So that would sort of maybe clean up the genetic sort of profile of the planet.

Although there would be a black market semen ring where, you know, people would be enslaved, I'm sure, in order to reproduce semen.

I think that unless cities become, you know, sort of smaller, more compact, or brought in, that we would probably deplete the country of semen pretty quickly and end the species.

That's why it's so expensive.

Right, and there's an argument to be made that we're doing that with gas. So I mean, in some ways it would be, you would think it would be environmentally sound, but then you have the other issue of there's just not enough semen around.

And you are making a good point because after about 25 years of this, less and less babies are born.

Exactly.

It's a lot like a children of men scenario.

Exactly. And then like, because the environment gets so, perhaps something will happen where cars will start giving birth to half human car babies.

Exactly, yeah. You're saying perhaps, no, that is actually what happens.

Who doesn't want to see that? So if I'm really thinking about like a world where the prequels are more popular than the actual Star Wars movies, versus like the possibility of half car, half humans running around, I'm going to have to go with that.

Well, unfortunately you voted before we...

I'm sorry, no, okay. I'll take it back. Let me rethink it.

Okay, I'm going to dock you some points though, because I count that as a pre-vote.

Okay, let me do it like this. Like, let's see, Star Wars prequels.

Now imagine the world with the Star Wars prequels, because we have the half human, half car people running around. It 's a lot like that movie Cars.

Actually, the movie Cars, the Pixar movie Cars...

That's a prophecy?

That is prophecy, yeah, because it ends up there are no more humans around, but there's the world that all the humans have built.

So that's why the cars in that movie go to airports and stuff like that.

The world that the humans have built is there, but the half car, half humans are the only members of society anymore.

And that's that in...

So there's a possibility that the remaining humans might be enslaved just for their semen.

That's true. It's like a Matrix kind of thing where they're harvesting semen.

So if you choose this world, you are basically choosing the human race to be enslaved by cars.

Yeah, and they're semen harvested.

And they're semen harvested.

Involuntarily, like you can't even just masturbate to porn to give it.

No, they won't even...

Plug you in.

They won't even give you something that you enjoy looking at.

No, no, no.

They just basically like stick something up your butt, get you hard, and then just jacket, jacket, jacket, jacket.

It's just not a fun orgasm at all.

And you're like, no, ow, not again, not again, I'm done, I 'm done.

Exactly, exactly. So think about that. But then the other side of the equation is you have the Star Wars prequels are more popular than the originals.

So basically, what does that mean? That means that people all over the world...

Have lost their moral compass.

Are stupid and have lost their minds. So is that a world you want to live in? I mean, just think about that.

These are two terrible societies.

Oh my God, I don't know if I can make a decision.

You must, first of all, you must be glad to be living in the world we're living in, which we're living currently.

Because I mean, when you hear about two...

Yeah, there's very few people that fuck their car and very few people that enjoy the prequels more than...

If you fucked your car, by the way, I want to hear from you .

Yeah.

Call in.

If you get some guy out there that's like, my car's already running on semen. I'm the head of the curve on this one, Scotty.

I've shut the floor down.

Okay.

There's no more questions.

Okay.

I told you I would do it abruptly.

Okay.

Okay, whoo, boy, that was really dramatic. All right, we're going to vote now. Mark, you've heard both of these scenarios. You've heard the details behind them.

Yeah.

How do you like to vote?

In the name of sort of protecting the human species, I'm not going to do that.

Mm.

Yeah. I, just for the entertainment value alone and the possibilities of a future that is so beyond anything I can really imagine, I'm going to go with living in a world where cars run on semen.

Wow. So you would choose enslavement over everyone else in the world being stupid. Because how would you live in a world where everyone is stupid and you can't talk to them?

Well, I think that's a different type of slavery.

Yeah.

Is the sort of lowering the bar. Like, there's still hope.

Right.

There's still hope that some big-hearted half-car person will find a pod, like a semen pod.

A survivor's ship.

Well, no, just one guy.

Right.

And they become friends, right?

So he becomes friends with the semen pod?

Yeah, with the guy in the semen pod.

Oh, okay.

And he says, look, you know, you seem to have some creative ability. You know, we're putting a network together.

And we want to do a human show.

For the cars.

Yeah, for the cars.

And it becomes like sort of a novelty show.

Yeah, and we think you'd be really good at this part. We're going to let you sort of take some time off and keep your semen and, you know, sort of get your body together, you know, and build a, and we've got a character for you.

You're, you know, you're the last human left.

And so it's sort of like a Pixar movie in reverse where it 's humans.

Yeah.

And it's like you see humans walking the earth.

Right.

And that's a novelty.

Right, right.

See, I think that the possibilities for creativity are so much, you know, better in that world.

Wow.

And the possibility for anarchy and for real, for humans.

Real change.

Yeah, for humans.

Because at least our minds are still there.

That's right.

And at least we can create, unlike this other bullshit Star Wars world.

Look what happened to Neo, right?

Yeah, look what happened to him.

Yeah, I don't know.

What happened to him?

I don't understand the last one.

Well, Mark, it looks like you're our winner.

Congratulations.

That's of course how we play Would You Rather.

That would be, it'd be bad if I lost.

Yeah.

Good game.

A little tight.

You lost some points there, but good game.

But I'm glad I came out on top.

Yeah, congratulations.

All right.

That's of course how we play.

And there's only one last thing to do on the show, Mark, and that is something we call Plugs.

Is that MacCucci?

He's singing it.

All right.

That was, to answer your question, that was Mini Mammoth.

Mini Mammoth.

Hey, thanks so much for that Plugs theme.

Plug on me is what she calls it.

Very nice.

If you have a Plugs theme, a similar Plugs theme or a diss imilar one, it could be the exact opposite of that.

Please send it over to Earwolf.com, put it in the comedy bang bang message boards under the appropriate thread, and you can be famous for a week.

Well, Mini Mammoth, this is a Thursday episode.

You're famous for four days.

But that's something, you know?

I got to do some of this stuff with my show, have people send in, you know, recipes or ...

Recipes for your chef character?

Cat tips.

You know, self-help books.

I get all that stuff anyways.

So Mark, what do you have to plug?

Obviously, Marin.

My show, Marin, is going to be premiering on IFC, and it's very exciting.

It's going to be in your box for 10 weeks.

Marin, in your box for 10 weeks.

Do you have a prediction like Babe Ruth would of how big the number's going to be?

Are we talking final episode of MASH numbers?

I just hope to get your numbers, Scott.

You just hope there's like a one after it.

Scott Hochman watched it.

I don't know how numbers work anymore.

Yeah.

I don't know what's expected of me.

I just hope that people enjoy the show.

I imagine it's getting great reviews.

I hope so.

We're taping this in advance, of course.

I hope so.

Yeah.

Maybe we should ... Perhaps I think the thing to do, Scott, if necessary, is when you're going to release this, the week you're going to release it, maybe we should have like maybe an update.

Sure.

Well, I'll tell you what.

Why don't you record two updates right now, and we'll just air whichever one.

I'm amazed at the reviews.

I'm thrilled that people are liking the show and the press.

I just hope that that carries over to people who watch the show.

All right.

Take two.

Some reviewers are just assholes.

It seemed like they had an ax to grind, and the comparisons to Louie were not even relevant.

Look, I think that don't read the reviews and have your own experience with the show.

I did it.

I made him cry.

I did it.

All right.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

Close up the plug bag before ... Oh my gosh.

Oh, this is amazing.

Oh, Mark, I want to thank you so much.

I did it.

I out-marined the master.

We good?

We good.

We did it.

Thank you so much for being here.

Thank you.

Please watch the show.

My IFC buddy, Mark Marron here, and we'll see you next week .

Thanks everyone.

Bye-bye.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

Dot com.

The wolf dead.
