Happy anniversary! Just kidding. Hey, it's our fourth anniversary of Comedy Bang Bang!

We have Guess Galore, Surprises Galore, I was gonna say Pri zes Galore, but we have none of those! Or maybe we do, I don 't know.

It hasn't happened yet. So, uh, come celebrate the fourth anniversary of Comedy Bang Bang with me, all of that and more, all on today's ♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays one 's lust for Mandy Patinkin's beard. Welcome to the show!

What a catchphrase, Donald J. Thank you so much, Donald J.

And what an honor for you to provide the catchphrase for this very special edition of Comedy Bang Bang. Welcome to the show. I am your host, Scott Aukerman, and it is our fourth anniversary show.

Four years ago in a little tiny studio in a radio station in Southern California. This should be good! And, um, here we are four years later. The end.

Anyway, let's have fun today. And, uh, in order to make sure that we have fun, we have some very special guests coming through our hallowed halls. Open door policy, of course.

And, uh, there is none more special than, uh, our friend here to the left of me. He has been on the show several times before. Uh, his father has even appeared on the show.

So two generations of Waynes, much like Bruce and Damien.

Oh, that's right, because your son was on the show as well.

My son was on the show too. It's a comedy dynasty.

It's three generations of Waynes, akin to Thomas, Bruce, and Damien.

I wanted to mention also for a couple of years in the late 90s, I was Mandy Patinkin's beard.

Oh, congratulations. I get it because that's a euphemism for something else that we don't want to go and do right now.

Not in this case though.

No, oh really? You actually were his beard?

Yeah, exactly.

Oh, okay. I guess I didn't get that.

Until I got shaved.

I've heard of people getting saved, but shaved?

Exactly. It's like, how did that H get in there?

Well, we'll find out how that H got in there in just a second. We'll get to this, of course, but let me introduce him. He is the acclaimed director of such movies as Wet Hot American Summer.

Wanderlust, two of my favorites. A couple others in there.

Thank you.

Road Rules. Now, what was it called?

It was Road Rules. It was the Road Rules real world matchup .

Oh, The Challenge.

Yeah, The Challenge.

You directed that?

I directed the feature film version of that.

Oh, okay. Yeah. Didn't you also direct- I think you're thinking Role Models, maybe.

Role Rules.

This is how everyone comes up. It was a group of people that got together. It was like the Manhattan Project to come finally to make rules for roles.

Oh, good.

And it's like, you know, do we bake them? When do we eat them?

And what did they come to? I never saw the end of it.

It never got released, unfortunately. There wasn't enough interest among the audience.

But what was the end of that? The surprising climactic conclusion. Did they ever come up? Should they bake them?

No, it was like a cat's game. They could not come to terms.

So everyone decided, let's forget it.

Now, you were, and I'll introduce you in a second, but you 're an actor in your own right. You starred in your own series, Wayney Days, which I bought the DVD of and watched recently.

It was very funny.

Thank you.

And I did not watch them online because I didn't know they existed.

Okay.

But your name is David Wayne.

Right. And that is why I got the part as the lead on Wayney Days.

Wayney Days.

Because it fit so well together.

Yeah. Mm-hmm.

And that's, yeah, right.

Yeah, that's a good story. Even better in the telling. And welcome to the show, David.

It's great to be here again, Scott.

Yeah, making your, I believe, fourth or fifth appearance on the show.

I just like to come whenever I can, lay down the rules.

Time has gone by since I was here last. A lot's happened in the world.

Sure.

I'm excited to get into it.

Great. Let's talk about it. What's happened in the world?

Let's get into, this is Wayne's Corner.

Oh.

Wayne Scotting.

Right. Well.

This is kind of what we're doing. It's Wayne Scotting. You and me.

Listen, I know. If I could just lay down some of what I see out there, like, for example, gun control.

Yeah, let's talk about it, finally.

Let's talk about gun control. Now.

The Webster's Dictionary defines it as, when one controls guns.

Exactly. You would think so. Except some of these hoity-to ity nudniks in Congress, they see it a different way.

Now, let me ask you something. Everyone goes down, these guys go down to Congress, they're going to make their, make their votes on the bill.

They take a trip there sometimes. You know, sometimes they come in from out of state.

Everybody wants background checks. That's what they're talking about these days. Background checks.

You're on a roll. You're on a roll. Come on.

What am I saying? Oh, yes.

You're on one of those rolls you talked about in that movie .

So, my thing is, everybody wants it. Why can't Congress do it?

That's right. Everybody wants some.

And my thing is, what are these guys smoking?

That's right. And can I have some of whatever it is they're smoking?

It's like, these guys couldn't make a law if they, if it was their job.

All right. We'll have more Wade Scotting after this. David Wayne is here. And I also, I have a very special guest here , a co-host almost, in a way.

And you heard her on the show a while back, I guess, maybe a month, month and a half ago.

She was on the show with Adam Brody. And was that a big thrill for you, by the way?

That was a huge thrill. I feel like Adam Brody was like such a nice guy.

And I really learned a lot about him because I always watch him in movies and TV shows and stuff.

And I really learned that he's a really good surfer. And he 's a really good actor.

And he was so sweet. And he touched my thigh.

Yeah. Did you get his email address or anything like that?

He didn't give it to me.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Whatever.

But maybe one of these guests that we have on the show today, like David Wayne, will maybe give you his email address.

I would love it.

Merritt, Merritt, Merritt.

That's a guy that you can give your email to.

I can still email you.

You can just chat online or whatever.

Okay. I mean, I would. I'm open to the touching the thigh if we want to talk about.

Wait, you're okay with that? Being a married man, but you 're not with the email?

Well, email can get very intimate.

You were very quick on that, by the way. You went married, married, married, almost as if that's your defense.

He's too scared. He's like, why are you attracted to me?

Well, I was thinking about like if there's like, she has sort of a milky thigh that has a little bit of sweat glow to it.

Yeah, you're wearing shorts today.

I bike too.

It really gets me.

You weren't wearing shorts last time I saw you.

No, because it wasn't that warm. I biked you.

Yeah, didn't get a good look at those things.

I've never seen shorts that short.

Oh, yeah. Well, these actually were jeans, but I just cut them off at the point where it started hurting me.

Like, because they were really, really tight. So I right exactly where my fat is upon my thigh. I cut them.

Married, married, married.

Okay.

Tracy Reardon, by the way, is here.

Yeah, I'm Tracy.

I didn't say your name. Hello, Tracy. Welcome to the show.

Thanks for having me.

A lot of people were a big fan of your appearance on the show.

That's really cool.

I got a lot of like really weird tweets from people where they were like talking about like the way I talk and they didn't like the way I talked.

And we should explain the way you talk.

You have sort of a, we talked about it on the show and it's okay to talk about this because it's just your life, but you have like a congenital defect, birth defect, which...

It's not a birth defect.

Oh, wait, what happened again?

Well, you're talking about my ear.

Yeah.

Because that's not really like part of my talking.

My ear...

Oh, I thought that was related to the way you talk.

No, not really.

Because one side of your face doesn't have any cartilage.

My left ear doesn't have any cartilage because of the way I was birthed by my mom. I came out of my mom's vagina and I just like my whole head scraped against the side of her vagina and my ear fell off.

Your mom barfed you?

Birthed me.

Oh, okay.

I thought that had something to do with the way you talked.

No, I mean, no one's ever really suggested that.

No one suggested that?

No one's ever really talked about how I talk until right now.

What? So you don't know that there's, you talk...

I don't know what you're talking about, but I feel like it 's not hard. It's like you're trying to hurt my feelings.

I'm not trying to hurt your feelings. In fact, I deeply apologize.

Thank you.

But it's okay to talk about your ear though.

Yeah, it's like really obvious.

You're proud of that.

My ear is really obvious.

Yeah.

But not your voice.

Scott, you realize everyone talks in a slightly different accent. That's part of the...

No, I understand.

Oh my God.

What the hell is going on?

Oh!

Busted!

Hi, Marissa!

Is this your wife?

Stone cold busted.

Marissa Wampler just made her way into this...

Wamp it up. If it were not for the fact that I was following the Twitter feed of one Mrs. Tracy...

We're... We're... We're... We're in?

We're in.

Uh-huh.

With an L.

I would not have known that there was an anniversary show, which I did not get an invite to.

I...

So I come in and see you chatting it up with an earless...

I have one ear.

Sweaty woman in a... in a tube top.

By the way, thanks for wearing the tube top today.

You're welcome.

Great tube top.

Yeah.

And I am... I am just... I am... Am I too loud on the can ... on the mics?

Marissa, you're always too loud on the mics.

Look, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to nod in...

Why are you so out of breath?

You realize you don't need an invite to come to the show.

You're supposed to be here every week.

What?

You just elect not to come most weeks out of the year.

I don't know what the... I don't know what the sketch is. I don't know what the sketch is.

The sketch is we do it once a week, sometimes twice a week, and you're supposed to be here.

Well, you can color me mad. Okay? Because I am a woman sc orned here.

Ahhh.

I don't know what to say here.

Yeah, how about... I'm sorry. How about flowers and chocolate would do the trick?

I have several female guests on the show every... all the time.

Ahh! I don't want to hear about... I don't listen to your show for the final time. I don't listen.

Wait, why are you following Tracy here on Twitter? What's going on?

Thank you.

First of all, I admitted that in a fit of rage. I'm now regretting that.

Well, now I know.

You know what? Riordan, where are you from?

Well, actually it doesn't really matter where I'm from because...

No, it does matter because I'm coming to your house tonight .

Well, I live in Burbank with my grandma now, so...

Oh, do you? You go to Burbank Public?

She may live somewhere different than where she's from.

Oh, Wayne.

So it's more relevant to say like where are you living now if you want to get her.

Wayne, whose side are you on?

I'm trying to help you.

You choose... I want every man in this room to choose sides right now.

Wait, Marcy, you know David Wayne?

Yeah, of course.

On a last name basis?

Well, I've been sitting in my headshot every three days.

Well, Marissa...

Marissa wants to break into show business.

I believe me, I love... I've wallpapered my whole garage with her headshots.

Whoa. Married, married.

Marissa, um... I'm sorry?

Marissa?

It's Marissa.

Say it.

It's Marissa.

I'm saying it.

Don't taunt her, Marissa.

What is this? Children of a lesser god? I'm not interested.

What?

I'm not deaf.

That's unseem... Yeah, despite her appearance...

I have a hole in the side of my head. It works.

It just doesn't have cotilage around it.

That reminds me of the woman who founded the Girl Scouts.

Remember she got a piece of rice thrown in her ear?

I wasn't allowed to...

At her wedding.

Who could forget?

Ed-shee... Ed-shee...

Who doesn't know that story?

That she went deaf.

That's sad. At her wedding?

Yeah, it's better than a story about getting scraped against your mother's vajaj.

Wow, you'll really know a lot about me.

Hey, I wish I had gone deaf at my wedding, then I wouldn't have to listen to my wife snagging all the time.

But we'll talk about that later.

More wainscoting after this.

That's more wainscoting.

Wait, Marissa, I have female guests on the show all the time. You've never acted like this. What's the problem?

When this girl showed up on your podcast, which I don't listen to, suddenly everyone's blowing it up on Twitter saying, Oh, you two should get... do a show together. You should do the show together.

Oh yeah, I think that would be charming.

2.16, you're... how old are you?

17.

Keep your six sexual preferences to yourself. Alright?

He likes my thighs.

I didn't... I said nothing of the sort to either of you.

I would wear a tube top if you wanted me to.

No, thank you.

I would cut off my jeans at the fattest part of my thigh, but I can't determine what that is.

I would vote yes on that.

Marissa, you're shaped like a pyramid.

I know.

That's not my fault.

I know, it is your fault.

I'm on a DiGiorno pizza diet. It's not my fault.

I know, I know.

I don't think you should feel bad for yourself. Pyramids are majestic.

Oh, Wayne.

That's right. People travel from all over the country to see them in Egypt.

From all over the country?

All over Egypt.

All parts of the United States. They all go to Egypt.

They go to Las Vegas to see the Luxor Hotel.

That's what I was talking about. Of course.

Yeah, of course. That's the real pyramids.

They come from Cairo. They come from everywhere in Egypt.

Look, just because there's an older woman here on the show, she's...

How old are you?

Marissa's 16.

I'm 16. How old are you?

I'm 17.

Barely legal.

I was born before you.

Barely legal.

She's not legal. That's not barely legal.

Almost legal.

Almost barely legal.

God, you know what? This is just exactly what you've wanted , isn't it?

Two underage women fighting over you. Well, I'm not going to give you the satisfaction.

Tracy's not fighting over me.

I'm not looking at her. I'm not looking at you.

I'm putting on dark glasses and I'm going to be a great guest on this podcast.

And we'll let the public decide. Womp it up.

Okay, so you want some sort of vote after this podcast is released?

Yeah, I would love a vote.

Of who's the better what?

Person.

Person. Really? You want to go to person?

You know what, Riordan? You just raised the stakes. Fine.

Who's the better person?

Okay.

Fine. Who's the better person?

I'm volunteering right now online.

David, do you have a preference at this point?

You know, I do. As I told you, I like the sweaty thighs. I love the tube top.

But, you know, the pyramid shaped body also has, as I said, a certain majesty and a certain groundedness that also...

This isn't the bad sort. Just tell us who you're deciding on.

We're not stringing it out. All right?

I'm just trying to think.

It's very difficult to choose between two.

If I have to decide, I'm going to look at each one and just see when I pop a boner.

Okay, well...

Are we going to put a rubber band around it? Or how are we going to know?

Do you want me to do a check on this?

Or...

So there can't be an honor system where I can just tell you ?

No, I need to verify this.

So if I can... Let me place my hand upon your penis.

All right, I'm looking at Marissa now.

Okay, I have my hand upon his penis.

I have hair around my... Each areola, I have a tremendous amount of hair.

Yeah, she showed them to Judd Apatow.

You can get rid of that.

If that gives you anything.

Okay, good, because Judd's a friend, so that does count for something.

And then here's Tracy.

I have no boobs, but my tube top stays up because of clothespins attached to my skin.

That does it.

That did it.

There it was.

I might have even come to completion there.

That's it?

Okay, goodness.

All right, well, so...

How can we get a rag?

A wet rag.

A wet rag?

I keep wet naps in my nap sack.

That's like the fullest I've ever gotten with a guy, Willie .

Wet him looking at you?

Well, because he made a wet one.

Oh, yeah, huh, interesting.

Well, I'm so sorry, Marissa, please.

You know, I'm not cheating on you just because I have another teenage girl on the show.

No, it's fine.

It's fine.

As I said, I'm moving on dot org.

I don't care.

I'm absolutely over it.

For those of you who are just listening to the show for the first time, Marissa is a 16-year-old girl who goes to Marina Del Rey High School.

Woman.

W-O-M-Y-N.

She's my intern.

She never comes to the show.

She pops up maybe once every three, four months.

Are you a feminist?

You know what, Reardon?

Not interested.

I'm trying to make a conversation with you.

You know what, Reardon?

I have a lot of friends, okay?

I'm not looking for another one.

This isn't Baby-Sitters Club, all right?

Oh, you have a lot of friends?

Yeah.

I have Lissler.

Lissler is not a- Yes, she is.

Lissler is- Charlotte Lissler is my best friend.

She is a- And my soul sister.

By the way, Lissler is your teacher and an older woman.

In my advanced learning program, STARS program.

Yeah, no.

Yeah.

She's a 44-year-old woman who used to be a sniper in the first Iraq war.

Yeah.

No, we know all about her.

And she's my best friend.

That's weird.

You should reach out to Tracy here.

You know what?

We're like the same age.

No, you're older.

But she's older.

It seems like Tracy is making an effort here.

Here's the thing.

I don't like fighting.

I hate confrontation.

That's something everyone knows about me.

I hate confrontation.

That's life, bitch.

Whoa.

Oh, God.

Where is this coming from?

I'm about the same age as Lissler.

Maybe we could go for a drink sometime.

Who, you and Marissa?

You better be careful what you wish for.

You and Lissler?

No, you don't want that.

You better be careful what you wish for.

Married, married, married.

Yeah, you don't want that.

Married, married, married, married.

You don't want your avocado to dip into the...

What was it?

Oh, it was a white asparagus that was dipped into a faget yogurt.

Ooh, that sounds good.

It's called faggy.

You know what?

That's homophobic.

It's pronounced faggy.

You know, it's not pronounced that.

Even if it is, I would appreciate it.

It's like the word niggardly.

It's a fwench.

No one should say that word.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

I'm sorry.

Oasis, oasis.

Excuse me?

That's what I'm saying.

That word should not ever be said anymore.

Oh, great.

This might be the last episode of this podcast.

It's going to get shut down by the FAA.

The FAA?

What is that?

That's the federal...

The Air Administration?

Yeah, the...

Oh, they're having some tough troubles, right?

Bring that up on Wade Scotting.

Well, no wonder they call this network earwolf because it's like, argh, it's howling like a wolf.

Good stuff.

Guys, I hope that you can put aside your differences here.

I mean, Tracy, you don't have any differences.

I'm trying to.

I mean, I knew about the Twitter feud, to be honest.

You guys were in a Twitter feud?

Well, people were trying to egg us on.

Yeah.

What?

People were forcing it upon us.

Here's the thing.

I can't really avoid what happens to my Twitter feud.

I read every tweet.

So that was kind of stressful to me.

I stayed up every night kind of worrying about it until I got here.

I didn't know she was going to be here today.

Well, I sent you an invitation to meet me outside the Marina Del Rey Public Library.

Yeah, but that was really aggressive.

Yeah.

And I was going to cut you.

See, how would I want to show up to that?

Yeah.

She wrote that in the letter.

You should go to where she's at.

You know, people aren't going to want to come to you to be cut.

I can't.

Come to Bo Bank.

I'm not allowed.

I can only take the surface streets.

How am I going to get there?

Come to Bo Bank.

Come to my grandma's house.

Oh, fine.

I will.

I'll come to your grandma's house.

I dare you to climb in my window and cut me all night.

You know what?

Don't make those kind of accusations.

I dare you to come in the window and cut me all night.

One cut would be a night.

Is that going to be on demand?

I'd really like to see that.

I'll wear my shorts.

You can watch it.

Oh, gosh.

Well, guys, we have to take our first break here on the show.

I got to cool down.

Yeah, you got to cool down, Walker.

And you got to whomp it up.

Okay, I will whomp it up if you cool it down.

Who just walked in here?

Move your feet.

Who's this gentleman?

Move your feet over there.

Wait a minute.

Take out the garbage?

Okay.

Yeah.

Sorry.

Clean up a little bit.

Don't mind me.

We're recording here, right?

Do you have to do it right now?

Oh, my God.

Yeah, I'm saying don't mind me.

I never thought I'd see this gentleman again.

Who's that?

Mike?

Yeah, that's my name.

Mike the janitor?

That's right.

Hey, welcome to the show.

Who are you?

Scott Aukerman.

Of course, you don't remember who I am.

You're Mike the janitor, though.

Yeah, I'm Mike the janitor.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And who are you again?

I'm Scott Aukerman.

Okay.

I guess I don't care.

Yeah, of course you don't.

You don't remember and you don't care.

I'm the janitor.

You're just a simple janitor.

That's right.

Tell you what, we have to take a break, Mike, but my gosh, I never thought I'd see you.

Do what you like.

You can't.

Okay, well, while we take the break, will you clean up, though?

Of course.

I'm Mike the janitor.

Yeah, of course you are.

I know, but this place looks like shit.

There's so much garbage.

When's the last time you went in here, Mike?

Sorry, your majesty. Get a load of the princess and the pea over here.

I know you guys are wondering why a janitor is- Hopping on the cans?

And has a medal on, but we'll talk about it after this break.

Oh, you noticed.

I can't wait.

I'm hoping Mike might be able to hang out and chat with us after the break.

I believe he will, David.

We'll be right back with more David Wayne, more Tracy Re ardon, more Wampler, more Mike the janitor after this.

We'll be right back.

Ah, comedy bang bang.

We are back here.

David Wayne from Roll Rulers.

Roll Reversals.

Real Reversals.

Real Wheel Reversals.

That's right.

Your biggest hit.

Yeah, Real Wheel Reversals 2 coming out next year.

Fantastic.

Cannot wait.

Just wrapped with Principal.

I love sequels.

Sequels are the best.

I only watch sequels.

You don't watch the originals?

Mikey Tuck 2, Little Mermaid 2, 101 Dalmatians 2.

102 Dalmatians.

Honey, wait till I introduce you to prequels.

Oh my God, what?

Isn't that what you did earlier today?

Yeah, you prequeled me.

And then we had to get you a wet nap?

Tracy Reardon's here.

Sorry, I'm just trying to catch up here.

What is everybody talking about?

Sorry, Mike.

Okay, well, David Wayne is a director of Note.

This all sounds very disgusting.

Yeah, no, it was disgusting.

The school is disgusting.

Yeah, I had my hand on David Wayne's boner and then he just into it.

What kind of show are you running?

It's hard to say.

It's a peep show?

It's a stag show.

Like a smoker?

Mike, by the way, Mike the janitor is here.

Wampler and Reardon are both here.

They're trying to hash out their differences.

Nice to meet you.

Ah, shantay.

That's which is French.

Hey, Mike.

Yeah.

Welcome back to the show.

It's good to be back.

Have I been here before?

You've been here before, yeah.

You were here on a very interesting appearance here with, you met a young man named Justin Kirk of the late animal practice.

He's really cute.

Yeah, oi, from Angels in America.

Can it, Reardon.

From Angels in America, yeah.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Played prior.

Wait a minute.

Speaking of prior appearance.

Was that the time when I caused a loose piece of plaster to fall on the head of Andrew Lloyd Webber and then I assumed his identity?

Yeah.

Can you not listen for a second?

Would that be okay?

Yeah, I don't care.

Okay.

Hey, guys.

In fact, I prefer not to.

Okay, no problem.

Well, this'll work out well for you.

We'll be here in the old janitor's corner.

Okay, yeah.

A lot of these old buildings have them.

Well, since the last time we were here, we put up a little plaque that says janitor's corner.

Oh, thank you.

You could wipe down the ceiling while you're- Yeah, if you could do that.

I'll get right on that.

Guys.

Are we gonna die today?

No, no, no.

You may be wondering who this is and why he's wearing a medal over his coveralls.

This is Andrew Lloyd Webber.

What?

He got amnesia a while back.

Oh, my God.

And, wait.

He's a Starlight Express.

Yeah, yeah.

Basically, what happened is he- Wait, wait.

You're saying- I love Phantom of the Opera.

World famous composer.

Composer.

But he thinks he's a janitor?

Phantom of the Opera.

He was stepping outside of his hotel in Paris.

Yeah.

And a piece of plaster, or no, from a gargoyle.

I think a little piece of a stone gargoyle fell on his head .

Okay, okay.

And he...

Is that not true?

Is this not true?

What's that?

Mike, come over here for a second.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I was just telling them some things that may or may not be true.

Listen, I got to be honest with you, I heard everything you said.

Because these janitor's corners- They're not well insulated.

It's rounded at the top.

It's one of those things where you talk on the other side of the room and I can hear it there.

Oh, it's like the Capitol Building.

I don't know what that is, but- A geodesic dome.

Okay.

Where's Sherman?

Getting the way back machine, Mr. Peabody.

So you were listening?

That's a solid burn if you're of a certain age.

Sure.

I don't get it.

I bet Melissa doesn't get it.

Of course.

I get it.

I totally get it.

Kids don't.

Okay, what does it mean?

I just googled it right now.

There was a cartoon with a little beagle and a guy and they would get into a time machine.

And he wore glasses.

Well- Well, how do you know that?

She just googled it too.

We just googled it simultaneously.

Kids are fast on the Google.

Google image.

They have their Samsung smartphone.

Yeah.

My Samsung smartphone.

I prefer you to Bingham.

Scott, David, and me, guys in our mid-50s, we get these references.

I'm not in my mid-50s.

And neither is David, or maybe he is.

I don't know.

Where are you?

Scottie, shut up.

I'm not Andrew Lloyd Webber.

I caused him to have amnesia and he thought he was me.

And then I assumed his identity because I wanted to see what it would be like to be rich and be creative.

It's like a Dick Whitman kind of thing.

I'm sorry.

I don't know.

Dan Deupre.

Who?

Now it's coming back.

You're just a simple janitor.

You don't know these references.

You're barely on a TV, right?

I'm just a humble janitor.

What I do is I clean other people's filth.

I expect nothing in return except a payment.

Yes, exactly.

Right.

So what was it?

Andrew Lloyd Webber thought he was you.

You swapped places.

I kind of let him to believe he was me.

I was going for like a prince and the pauper.

Right.

Because you look very, you look alike.

I just want to be clear on this.

So you do all this work just for nothing more than a simple paycheck each week.

We actually pay them every two weeks.

This is my life is that I wake up, I say, I'm going to go clean other people's filth.

The only thing I ask is just that I get monetary remuner ation.

Sure.

And a raise every year.

And this is it.

Yeah.

And health care.

And that's enough to keep you doing it regardless of the fact that you get nothing else out of it.

I do it even if that's all I got was just payment.

Wow.

Sounds like that is all you get out of it.

Well, no, there's benefits.

There's perks.

So you're not competing without the healthcare you would do it?

I should know that.

No, no, no.

Health care is a deal breaker.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, are we negotiating now?

No.

Yeah.

Your contract is up.

Oh, my janitorial contract.

This is the time for the negotiation.

Yeah, no, we always have our negotiation.

We have our negotiations on the show.

By the way, Cody, you're next engineer.

Cody, we're going to renegotiate your contract here at the end of the show.

What a pleasure to make your acquaintance again, sir.

Yeah.

So tell us what you're looking for.

Oh, I was just going to kind of clean up around here and, you know, I was going to take a pickaxe to the floor over there and see if there really is a treasure under the floor.

Oh, please don't do that.

There is a treasure and I'm keeping it down there.

Well now, I got this map.

Yeah, who?

From the sheriff of Nottingham?

That's right.

Look, guy in leggings.

Yeah, no, you remember him.

Very flamboyant.

Yeah, very flamboyant.

Yeah, Alan Rickman.

He was looking for the comedy Bang Bang Gold.

Yeah, it was Alan Rickman as the sheriff of Nottingham.

Yeah, we keep it down there.

Yeah.

And Adam Scott was here?

Who?

Never mind.

You don't know his work, I'm sure.

What's the medal all about?

This is a little keepsake, if you will, of my time masquer ading as Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

And you kept his medal?

Yeah, I kept his medal.

He's fine with that?

Yeah, well, he's got a fake.

I switched it out.

Oh, you switched it?

Does he know that he's got the fake now?

I think either he doesn't know or he does know and he's too proud to admit that he's been duped.

Did you have to switch it out like a Raiders of the Lost Ark thing where you had to weigh exactly the same?

Oh my, how did you get it to weigh?

Because his is solid gold.

Because he keeps his on a weighted stand just like in Raiders.

And how did you make yours a fake?

Oh, I just looked up metal weights online.

Uh huh, uh huh.

Yeah, standard metal weights.

But how did you get it to weigh so much?

Did you have to put like little iron things in the ribbon around it?

Yeah, did we talk about this?

No, we didn't.

I put little iron things in the ribbon.

Okay, great.

Could I ask what you did during your time?

Sure, little Helen Thomas.

Who's that?

She's the first one to ask the question.

Guys like us in our 50s, we know Helen Thomas.

Snooze.

What did you do on your day?

How many days did you spend as ALW?

Oh, it was a glorious four day weekend.

Oh, wow.

And what did you do?

Did you appear in Cats?

Yeah, like I did things that I thought he would do.

Yeah.

Very cursory understanding who he was.

The day you showed up to appear in Cats, was everyone confused?

Yeah.

I said, hey, what's going on?

You're going to be in Deuteronomy.

It's me, Andrew Lloyd Webber, the star of Cats.

Glue some whiskers on my face, you idiots.

And they were probably too blown away by the thought that Andrew Lloyd Webber was there.

And this was a community theater production?

Yeah, that's right.

In Glendale.

Did you go on stage and do it?

I did.

I did what I thought was Cats.

What did it sound like?

It was like this.

Hey, don't throw a shoe at me.

I'm just yelling on the fence over here.

So you improvised?

Hold on, that's not my song.

Boy, oh boy, it's you today.

It's not like when we were young 50 years ago.

No, no, that's not true.

When you was zero.

By the way, I think that's impossible to be 50 right now because you people weren't born in the 50s.

Yeah, that's right.

Which is impossible at this point.

Everyone who was born in the 50s is now in the 50s.

Yeah, exactly.

Everyone who was born in the 60s is now in their 60s.

Yeah, and so on and so on.

We talked about this.

That's how the math works on that.

Of course.

Yeah.

Well, Mike, thank you so much for coming.

I'm not going to get to finish my song.

Yeah, I want to hear your song.

Sorry, go ahead.

Hey, don't throw a boot at me just because I'm yelling on the fence.

I feel like there's no bridge.

Yeah, like a regular Brian Setzer here.

I'm doing a slight rewrite.

What's the bridge?

I'm doing a slight rewrite on this song.

I realize it should have been a boot, not a shoe.

Right?

Sure.

No, it's not.

We go for that classic cartoon experience.

Hey, that's what a- Hey, don't throw a boot at me.

I'm just yelling on the fence over here because I'm a cat.

I'm eating a whole fish skeleton.

Get out of my way.

Eating the skeleton?

Yeah.

Not the fish around it and with the results of which is the skeleton.

Nope.

Take the skeleton out of the garbage.

Do you have a CD or an MP3 that I could download?

I have both, but you know what?

Stop kissing up.

You're a fan, Tracy.

Stop kissing up.

Go ahead and bit torn it.

I don't care.

I don't steal.

I'm really honest.

Stop stealing if I give you permission, do you?

Thank you so much, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Sounds like a very sexual transaction.

He's not Andrew Lloyd Webber.

I'm not Andrew Lloyd Webber.

I think we should make that clear.

You think everything's sexual.

Thanks to you, Andrew.

This is what I picked up about you.

Marisa has a very advanced sexuality.

No, because she's never doing any sex.

Here's what she's got.

Excuse me?

Because I got kids at home.

Because you're never doing sex.

Cross talk.

Because I'm never doing sex?

I've done sex plenty, I'll tell you that much.

I've done at least 17 sexes by now.

With gutter balls?

Different, various men.

What's a gutter ball?

A really slimy guy who sucks.

The man that I have had a very tumultuous relationship with .

How old is this man?

His name is gutter balls.

Eric Gutterman.

He's an older man, right?

He's 17, is that right?

Yeah.

Eric Gutterballs.

He's a year older.

Is he taking you to the prom?

We'll talk about this on a different show.

We can't get into this.

I mean, who knows?

He might show up.

Bye, Mike.

You want to come?

I should take Mike to the prom.

What high school are you in?

A man in his 50s.

Marina Del Rey Public High School.

Oh, that's on my route.

Can I tell you, really?

Yeah.

God, you really go travel far, because we're in Hollywood right now.

Look, I would travel any distance at all to clean other people's filth.

As long as you get the renewable paycheck.

And gas money?

No, I'll throw in the gas money.

I got a hybrid.

Mike, if you were to bring me to the prom, can you just explain to me what we would arrive in?

What would we play in a dating game?

We would arrive in- Where to can it.

I have one of those old-fashioned push carts that has two garbage cans in it.

Sounds great.

So far.

And of course, a valet stand for my various brooms.

I would allow you to seat yourself inside the larger trash can.

Like an Oscar the Grouch type of situation.

Indeed, but no lid, so you can wave to your loyal subjects.

Yeah, but your legs might hurt.

Can I go now?

It's my turn?

Yeah, do you pass on number two?

If I were to take you to the prom- I wasn't asking, by the way, what you would do.

I would get a stretch limo.

Oh, I thought this was if- I took you to the prom.

First, I'd take you out to a really nice dinner, avocado v inaigrette dressing.

Like a surf and turf type of situation?

Spinach salad.

Don't like that texture, but go ahead.

Lobster and clams and fra diablo with a really nice sauce, a reduction.

Yeah, that sounds wonderful.

A spicy seafood sauce.

Cheese.

You know your food.

Sounds like a cheese.

Grated cheese and it would have sliced onions.

All gourmet.

100% gourmet.

Oh, gourmet.

Even the potatoes would be gourmet.

Everything.

Oh, God.

This sounds really good.

A lot of potatoes.

I don't know if I can compete with gourmet potatoes.

You just said I'd be riding in a garbage can, so you've already lost.

It would be a white tablecloth.

A trash can, to be fair.

Waiter's service, white gloves.

Waiters?

The whole thing.

We'd have to go to a restaurant with waiter and waiter's service.

Oh.

Oh, your choice.

Your choice of gender.

And they would have cocktails.

Coeducational.

So it would be a whole thing.

I would have like six cocktails with you at the dinner and then we would get into- That seems like a lot of cocktails.

You'd have six yourself?

Excuse me, young lady.

Did I mention that the other garbage can would be filled with spiked punch?

You know what?

Well, can I ask the bachelors one question?

Oh, yeah, certainly.

Now you're both competing?

Now we're both competing.

Great.

Okay, great.

I want to ask the bachelors, batch number one, who is the gender?

I wanted to ask you- I'm getting these questions.

That's not my question.

It's not my question.

I wanted to ask you, if I was going to plan with you, what kind of dress would you buy me?

I didn't know men bought the dresses.

Yeah, that's customs.

What?

This isn't like- I would buy- This isn't like Dilly, India, you know?

I would go to customs.

We're not getting saris and stuff.

Although guess what?

You will be sorry, Linda.

I'm taking her to the prom on an elephant.

Where are you going to procure the elephant?

I janitized the circus when it's in town.

You do.

You're going to janitize it.

I janitize it.

What's the dress like, though?

The dress is like, it's a beautiful chiffon.

Is it gourmet?

What's the- it's a gourmet dress.

Okay, great.

Great.

I got it at Whole Foods.

Okay.

It's organic.

It's totally organic.

What's the theme of the prom?

It's above the sea.

All right.

Good one.

Very safe.

Mine is Tears from Heaven.

Oh, that's very true.

Because your principal died.

I heard about that.

Para-sailing.

My principal asphyxiated himself while I was jerking it.

So that's the truth.

Probably to my image.

Or was it?

There is no evidence to corroborate that.

I would buy you this organic hemp chiffon gown.

It's really good.

The color would be brown in keeping with the theme of earth and dirt.

And then we'd climb up on the elephant and we'd go to the prom.

Great.

I'd wear my best coveralls.

Oh, yum.

Co-overalls as you called them.

Sure, coveralls.

Mr. Ockerman.

And I would polish up my name badge.

That's right.

That never comes off.

And I wear my official uniform cap, which I don't do day to day.

Oh, very sexy.

But you wear the badge at home though.

You do wear the badge at home.

Yeah.

Badge in the metal.

Can I have my turn now?

Yeah, badge number two.

Same question.

I would buy you the finest latex dress and it would have a big wide open circle down by the waist to reveal the belly button.

Ooh.

You're not going to want that with me.

This guy killed me.

You're not going to want that.

This is because we have the sea theme for the prom.

Yeah, Marissa has a condition known as creeping pubes.

Yeah.

Right.

They creep.

They join the hair around my areola.

And if I were you, I would add plastic cube flaps.

Plastic pube flaps?

I'm listening.

Specially designed by one Vera Wang.

Ooh.

What?

Is she a friend of yours?

She happens to be a close friend of my wife.

My wife.

That's like Borad.

Yeah.

They had an inside joke I felt really left out.

Sorry, you can join in.

Say it.

My wife.

Ah, thanks Tracy.

Okay, we're going to- May I say Mr. Rockford?

Mike, be my guest.

My wife.

That's pretty good.

Mike, it's pretty good.

Shagadelic.

Tell you what, we're going to vote.

You guys are going to take the break to decide who you'd like to go to the prom with.

With whom you'd like to go to the prom.

I'm so sorry.

And then we'll hear who gets to vote.

No, you both get to vote.

Oh, also, can I say this?

We should decide, do we say the prom or just prom?

Are you saying duh prom?

Like DA?

That's how it's coming out.

Maybe the guys could vote on that.

The prom.

Guys, you vote on that during the break and girls, you vote on who you'd like to go.

The girls vote with whom they would like to go.

Guys vote on whether it's prom or the prom.

Prom or duh prom.

And don't forget, we still have to do his negotiations for his- Yes, Mr. Rockford.

Yes, all of that coming up after the break.

All of this still to come.

And more after the break.

We'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang.

We are- Comedy bang bang.

Oh, I'm very sorry, Mr. Rockerman.

Yeah, Mike, know your place.

I was just trying to relieve some of the burden for you because hosting- I do appreciate that.

Heavy head to head, heavy lies the head that wears the crown.

Oh, it is a heavy burden.

Thank you so much.

We're here with Mike the Janitor, of course, and David Wain , our special fourth anniversary guest.

MTJ in the house.

Ha ha.

That's Mike the Janitor, of course.

And we have Wampler and Reardon who are not getting along.

Nope.

They're competing for their prom dates here between David and Mike the Janitor.

Mike who, by his own admission, is in his mid-50s.

That's right.

He's like everybody.

David will not say how old he is.

Who are you updating this for?

People who decided to- Come in in the middle, of course.

Come in the middle of the podcast.

Yeah, there's a lot of people like that.

You know, they listen to their favorites.

I think better safe than sorry, Mr. Rockerman.

Thank you, Mike.

We're also negotiating Mike's contract.

Oh, I forgot.

This is not a good color on you.

All the groveling.

All the groveling you're doing.

Why don't you shut up?

Whoa!

Hey!

I'd already made my decision or that would have really cost you.

Oh, I forgot about this.

Yes?

Oh, yeah.

I'm certainly sorry you said whatever you like, young lady.

Yeah, yeah.

True colors.

Really?

You want to go to the prom with her?

I don't know anymore.

He wants to win.

All right, guys.

We're going to have to vote, okay?

All right.

Now, bear in mind, you can vote for the same person because I'm assuming your proms are on different days.

Is that correct?

Vote for me.

I'm not telling you.

Say that at the same time.

One, two, three.

May 14th.

Oh my God!

You made me cuss.

I just cussed.

I'm going to kill you.

Incredible.

So I guess what's going to happen is you're going to vote for the same... potentially you might be voting for the same man.

And then that man gets to choose with whom he'd like to go to the prom.

And will do a dance off.

Or he can keep all the...

And will do a dance off.

Or he can keep all the money himself.

Willy's not a good dancer, but...

He'll keep all the money?

What's the money?

The budget for the prom.

The prize money.

The prom budget?

If he picks none of you...

Oh, the prize money.

This isn't like an old fashioned dowry kind of situation.

This is like bachelor pad.

We give it to us.

We give it to limo.

It's $23,000.

It's not like, you know...

Yeah.

If he chooses to go to the prom with one of you...

That's hello money in my business.

Let's all talk.

If he chooses to go to the prom with you, you split the money.

If he chooses to keep the money for himself, he keeps the money for himself and neither of you get to go to the prom.

You cut her all night long.

Well, if you break in successfully.

You may have picked a different person.

We don't know.

Maybe we picked a different person.

You've written down your votes.

Fine.

And remember, the money's in Deutschmark traveler's checks.

So it's not as easy to access as you think you're...

With the exchange rates, who knows what the euro's doing.

And there's a whole bureaucracy to go through.

So don't think it's like, oh, I've got the money.

No, you've got to go to probably Germany before you get it.

So the girls have already made their decisions?

They made their decisions, yeah.

Oh boy.

So no last minute campaigning?

No, I'm so sorry.

I mean, you can't...

I mean, you know what?

I'll give you an opportunity to change your votes based on these campaigns.

I would just say it will be my great honor, of course, to be chosen by both young ladies.

He's lying.

He wants to hide $3,000 in Deutschmark traveler's checks.

I was a champion sprinter in high school and I could very easily...

When's the last time you ran?

You know, high school.

I could very easily push my pushcart from one location to the next in the same event.

He's the strongest man in the world contest.

Just so you know.

I think muscles are very, very hot.

I'm saying that I could attend both events is what I'm saying, that are on the same event.

Like a movie where the guy has to go to two things.

Exactly.

Like the movie 27 Dresses.

It's all above board.

What a classic.

All I know.

She had to go to 27 dress openings?

28 dresses.

She changes in the car.

David, is there anything you'd like to say?

I will just say that I could catch...

Hey, this young lady found a gaffe in that movie.

They should have called it 28 Dresses.

She changes in the car.

Good catch, Tracy.

Why, you guys just get married already.

You're just sucking up my...

Because he might not be my choice.

It's true, but I probably am, right?

We'll see.

I'm winking at you.

I have an identical twin whose name is Randy Sklar.

And he could...

Wait a second.

Why is his last name different?

Because we're from different parents.

Yeah.

But he...

He's a twin?

Yes, he's an identical twin.

He's from different parents.

He's got two...

He's got two different mother and father.

Yeah, two different guys fucked your mom.

Right?

No, we have different mother and father.

On the same night.

Oh, really?

Oh, I did not know that.

Could you have put that in a crudo?

I was trying.

I could go to both proms that way because of that.

Oh, I see.

One of us is gonna get Randy.

Yeah, one of us gets a knock off.

But we won't even know.

But we'll compare notes beforehand and I will give Randy all of the tips that I know.

Like that movie Roxanne, you'll be feeding him...

Yeah, how to touch, how to finger, any of it.

Like how to...

I'm sorry.

How to what?

How to speak to a woman.

You said how to touch, how to finger.

No, I said how to be chivalrous, how to open the door.

Is he losing a vote?

How to order in the restaurant.

I hope you were referring to fingering a criminal in a line up.

Yeah, in a line up.

Identifying a man in a criminal line.

Well, how many proms have you been to where you end up...

Somebody steals something, you end up at the police station , somebody needs to finger the criminal.

You need to have a date that has the skills.

I thought you were saying, how do you figure out what women want?

That's not the way to...

There's no N in that, buddy.

All right, guys, we're gonna have to...

Which is it?

Is it what women want?

Very quickly.

Thank you, Mr. Rockamet.

I crave your indulgence in this matter.

All right.

You have received it.

I would just like to point out that I am one of the oldest of seven identical septuplets.

Like the seven Chinese brothers?

Yeah, that's right.

Exactly like that.

Okay, great.

I'm the only one that doesn't have a Chinese name.

Can you swallow the entire ocean?

Not the entire ocean.

Okay, anyway.

But like the equivalent of the size of my stomach.

I could swallow that much ocean.

Okay, I understand.

You'll get sick and salt water.

That's not very much.

I have to say.

Ooh, it's a lot of ocean though.

How much ocean have you swallowed?

It's not pleasant.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I was swimming once and I swallowed a little bit of it.

Yeah, there you go.

Times that by your whole stomach.

Okay.

Guys, we're gonna have to take your votes.

Wampler, I'm gonna go to you.

I want you...

Did you change your vote, by the way?

No, I have stayed firm with my original choice.

You've stayed firm with your vote.

All right, I'm gonna go to you.

I would like to choose Mr. David Wain slash Randy Sklar.

Big mistake.

And I'm hoping...

I'm hoping that if things go well, perhaps I will be in one of the next sequels you're directing.

Oh no.

Sequels are my favorite kind of movie.

Is that what this is about?

Yep, I'm gonna be doing a comedic and dramatic monologue for you at some point during the prom.

Is it a dramedy?

Yeah, it's a dramedy.

Have you picked these monologues?

Can I just say, is it doing a dramatic monologue?

Yes, I'm gonna be doing the hospital scene from Terms of Endearment at some point during the prom.

I'm gonna be getting a brownie or punch and I might go, give me your daughter her meds!

You know?

And then you're gonna see it.

That was pretty dramatic.

I'd like to just clear up a misconception.

I am a director of movies and television.

I am not a casting director.

But you do look at the tapes that the casting directors give you and decide.

So you just say, whoever they choose, you just put in the movie?

The casting director gives me the actors and then I tell them I direct them.

Yeah, but maybe you can hook me up with an audition.

It does streamline things if you think about it.

I've tried many times.

They have no interest in hearing that.

Then I'm changing my vote.

It's Mike.

What?

Okay.

Wow.

Alright, here we go.

Now we're going to Tracy.

So you changed your vote so you voted for both of them.

But my vote is for Scott Alkowin.

Oh, this is unprecedented!

No, that's my vote.

In all the time we've been doing these prom votes, this has never happened.

No one has ever voted for me in all of our prom votes.

So are you free on May 14th?

I am free on May 14th.

And by the way, are you free August 12th?

What's that?

Oh, that's for my birthday party at my condo pool.

Oh, it's all about you.

You're disinvited.

Why?

Just because I'm free to go to her prom?

I haven't decided if I'm going to her prom yet.

Off the list.

Are you a Libra?

I'm a Virgo.

No, I'm sorry.

I'm not a Leo.

I say Virgo because I'm on the cusp and I much more fall into the Virgo, but I'm a Leo.

She prefers to be a Virgo.

But okay, now Mike, you and I get to decide if we want to go to these proms and if not, we get to keep the money.

I feel bad that David's out.

If you change your mind and I can come to the prom, can I bring my wife?

My wife.

Could I choose Cody?

Or sound engineer?

You're going to vote a third time?

You already voted.

You can't vote for every single one.

It's okay with you, Mr. Rocker, but of course.

All right, Mike, go ahead and choose whether or not you're going to go to the prom.

By the way, did you guys decide whether it was the prom, prom, or da prom?

It's da prom.

Da prom.

Okay.

Da prom with Wampler over here.

I'm showing you- Cue the music.

Larissa, what a journey this has been.

First, you didn't want to go with me.

Then you did.

Then you tried to go with a third person.

What a rollercoaster.

What a tilt the world.

What a merry-go-round.

What a salt and pepper jegas.

Forget it.

Whack-a-mole?

Listen, Rotor.

No, not the games, just the rides.

What a Mr. Toad's wild ride it's been of the emotional heart of me, the janitor named Mike.

It is with great honor, I say to you, I'm keeping that money.

No, no.

Oh, you got slammed.

Erecting a statue in your honor that children can visit on school trips.

Where is it?

Where is it going to be?

In Marina Del Rey?

In a trash dump?

It's going to be up your ass and around the corner.

Go, Mike.

You disrespectful little monster.

Okay, well, what about Scott now?

Does Scott want to go?

Tracy, cue the music.

Tracy, what a long, strange trip it's been.

I came to know you when my good friend Adam Brody was on the show, who I just met that day, and you took a shine to him.

You seem to be very into surfers, an activity of which I have no knowledge nor experience.

And yet, somehow you took a shine to me and you've expressed your feelings here.

And even though you are almost barely legal.

Wait, put your hand on his boner and see what's happening.

Yeah, can you put your...

Do a check.

I just would love to get a test on that.

I would say it's 80%.

Okay.

I have to say, Tracy, that the young girl who I would much rather go to the prom with did not choose me, even though I'm the only remaining man in this room.

So Tracy, I'm keeping the money.

I'm so sorry, you girls are both out of luck.

I need to go with Melissa.

Hey, listen, Reardon.

Listen.

I'm sorry.

It's okay.

It's all right.

What?

And now it's all right.

It went down.

It's gone.

I'm so sorry, Tracy.

I don't think either of us should be going to proms or duh prom with young girls.

Why you said you wanted to go with Melissa, which is more important than anything.

I don't remember saying that.

I remember saying another person in this room.

Hey, have you ever heard of such a thing as lying?

Oh, yeah.

I do it all the time.

Reardon, you're coming home with me and we're making a slam book about these guys.

Oh my God.

Are you trying to deal with me?

We're making a slam book.

Reardon, I just offered you an olive branch of friendship.

Are you going to take it or not?

I'll take it.

Sounds like a lesbian thing going on.

I tell you what, guys, why don't we take another break?

When we come back, we'll have more from these guys.

We'll call this rock of it.

Yes.

We'll renegotiate with you and just as again, and you engineer Cody.

I keep forgetting about these renegotiations.

We'll come right back.

We'll have more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be here with, of course, David Wayne, Mike the Jan itor, Reardon and Wampler.

So you guys have kind of a new friendship, it seems.

We're going to give it a shot.

I'm going to make a slam book with her.

We're going to make a slam book and we're going to see what happens.

I don't know if it's going to end in me embracing her or cutting her.

I'm not sure.

We'll see how she- What's the duration of the cutting, do you think?

She said it was going to be all night long.

I challenged you to do it all night.

We don't know if you can.

What's the longest anybody's cut anybody?

Probably all night all day.

We've got to Google that.

Yeah.

We've got to Google that.

We've got to get a new guest on the Google.

We have a great new guest who wandered by, I'm assuming, to congratulate us on four wonderful years here with the Comedy Bang Bang podcast.

Who wouldn't want to do so, Mr. Ockerman?

Thank you so much, Mike.

But our good friend Jason Mantzoukas is here.

Hooray!

Zooks!

How are you?

Hello, Zooks.

What's going on, Scott?

Who do you know in this room?

You obviously know David Wayne.

Well, I know David Wayne.

You know me.

And I know you.

I know Engineer Cody.

Okay.

And- This gentleman I don't know.

I'm going to make you a acquaintance.

Oh, my goodness.

Of course.

He switched places with Andrew Lloyd Webber once because Andrew Lloyd Webber had amnesia and thought he was him.

Perhaps you saw me in Cats.

In Glendale?

In Glendale Community Theater?

Yeah.

I did see the Glendale Community Theater performance of Cats.

Oh, you attended that performance?

Yeah, yeah.

Well, if you did, then there would have been a- It was one and done, right?

There would have been a song like this.

That's right.

But now they're switched back with the exception of the metal.

Oh, got it, got it.

And let's hear that song.

Don't throw your boot at me.

Hey, hold on a second.

I'm warming up.

Don't throw your boot at me.

Hold on.

Hey, don't throw a boot at me just because of our defense.

Make a noise over here.

I'm a cat and I'm eating a whole fish skeleton.

I'm a cat.

I don't like Mondays.

I'm a cat.

Okay.

I'm going to cross your pants.

Oh, that sounds great.

That is obviously Cats.

Send the chandelier form.

I think it's also the opening sequence of this cartoon Top Cat.

Top Cat.

Oh, see, this is what I like.

Guys like us.

He's a lot like Heathcliff.

That's right.

I thought it was Garfield.

That was a Garfield reference.

I hate lasagna.

I don't like Mondays.

I love lasagna.

Do you hate it really?

No, Garfield hates lasagna.

Garfield doesn't hate lasagna.

He hates Mondays.

Heathcliff eats full fish skeletons.

I don't want to like overlord this on you, but Jimmy Davis is a friend, so I happen to know what Garfield likes.

Hey, don't overlord this.

I think you lorded it over us.

I don't know that you overlorded it.

I don't mean the mine under you, but you used that term incorrectly.

Oh, Jason, thank you so much for coming.

And there's two very young girls in here.

Hello, ladies.

Hello.

Hi, hello.

This is Tracy Reardon, the one without the ear.

Tracy's got a tube top on, you see, in the short shorts.

I have a tube top and short shorts.

I don't want this to pass, but Tracy seems to mistake my wife for a greeting.

Oh, you were saying my wife is hello?

My wife.

Nice to meet you, my wife.

My wife.

And Wampler here, you've never met Wampler.

I don't think I've ever, I mean, I've certainly heard a lot about Wampler.

The woman shaped like an upside down muffin is Miss Marissa Wampler.

Or a pyramid, if you will.

Yeah, and a pyramid.

Your body's really weird.

Like in every magazine, they have like a thing where it shows how you dress your body.

There wouldn't even be a picture like you.

Reardon, you are now disinvited from my condo.

What?

I want DiGiorno.

Don't you understand that if there's a hurricane of a delivery, if there's a hurricane, she's not going to get jostled as much because she's got that.

I would fly away.

You have the body type of a grimace type character.

Yes, yes I do.

Yes.

You're unattractive.

Yeah.

I thought we were all saying the same thing.

No, there's something about Wampler.

Mike, Mike, be cool.

Mike the janitor, please.

Marissa.

Oh, she's crying.

Marissa.

My ranking station.

MTJ.

Am I unattractive?

MTJ, come on.

You're beautiful, you're beautiful, you're beautiful.

You've made her cry.

You know what?

Let me fix this.

Cue the music.

Marissa, a few seconds ago, I misinterpreted the vibe of the room and I declared something that was only to be thought and not said out loud.

This doesn't seem sincere.

Fine, please.

Well, it does seem too sincere.

Guys, guys, the crosstalk and the music and the speech, it 's too much.

Don't put a hat on a hat.

Exactly.

H on an H, don't do it.

Will you accept my sincere apologies and condolences on how you look?

You know, I accept, but I will say the only gentleman in this room is Cody and I think we could all agree on that.

Wait a minute.

What about me?

The whole dinner I was going to do for you?

I think Mr. Rock is certainly the most gentlemanly of all of us.

Here's what you need to do.

Caramelize onions.

You need to make your hair really, really long, like all the way down past your butt and you'll look beautiful and it'll cover your body.

Like Crystal Gale.

Yeah.

Well, you do.

The bob you're rocking is not helping.

It tastes like a bicycle helmet.

Your colors and vertical stripes will help you.

Do you think, I really appreciate all this what not to wear bullshit I'm getting from you guys, but I'm really, I've had it up to here and I'm about to take off.

You say that your haircut is shaped like a bike helmet.

Like that came quick to you.

Is that what you asked for?

I bring a helmet in.

Do you say give me the helmet?

And then they cut, they cut it to the shape of the helmet.

And your highlights are really old.

You know, President Taft, you know what?

President Taft had a body like yours and he was president.

Look what he's done.

They made him his own bathtub.

What?

They made him a custom bathtub.

They did?

Because he was so fat?

Yeah.

Have you ever thought about A, becoming president and B, having your own bathtub?

I've thought about both of those things.

On the drive over here, I thought about both of those things.

Have you thought about becoming president of bathtubs?

Oh.

I think that's a position that's open.

Now Zooks, you've never met Wampler.

I don't think so, no.

But do you know anything about her?

In your dreams?

I just know a lot of the stuff you tell me when we're hanging out.

Which is what?

Just like complaints mostly.

And sometimes it's like a he said, she said, like, oh, these two are going to finally fall in love or what?

I don't think that.

Is that the tenor of it?

Is that what he's saying to me?

About you?

He said she said.

Is that the kind of vibe you're getting from what he's saying?

No.

No, no, no, no.

Not at all.

That's interesting.

I'm getting a much different vibe.

What kind of vibe are you getting?

You know, just kind of general kind of frustration.

Disdain.

Yeah, disdain.

You know what, Mike?

Dislike.

Thin ice.

I'm trying to help.

Thin ice!

You're not, you never read the room right, buddy.

Cue the music.

No, God.

Again, I have transgendered myself before you.

You're transgender.

That changes my vote.

You're really just saying you're transgender.

Wait, okay, cut the music.

That was an Assisia speech.

Wait, you're going to not vote for me anymore and you're going to vote for him if he's transgender?

If he's transgender, I want to go to prom with you.

Does that have something to do with all your piercings?

Best of both worlds.

There's no definitive ending to this vote?

I'm not, it's actually, it's not about my sexual preferences.

It's about, I want to get in the school paper.

Oh, I see.

Yeah.

What if he were to be a- Called the bug, the fame bug.

What if he were to be a side by side?

A penis next to a vagina?

Yeah.

I'd do it.

You could be in the school paper if you just write a review of the movie Oblivion.

I don't want to see that movie though.

Okay.

I'd rather go to the prom with a transgender person.

I'm always looking for experiences.

Life is so weird.

Going to see Oblivion is an experience.

It's not a very good one.

You could be a modern day young teenage girl version of Jason Glass.

Oh, thanks.

Who's Jason Glass?

He's Tom Cruise.

I think it was Steven Glass.

He's Tom Cruise?

Yeah.

Or Steven Dorf.

Do you remember what Tom Cruise or Dorf von Dolf?

In Glass House.

In Glass identity?

Yeah.

That's a good song.

Glass House is the Billy Joel's Glass House.

Yeah.

Remember when they listened to Glass Houses?

They made a movie of Billy Joel's Glass Houses.

Tom Cruise played Jason Glass.

I'm sure that was a lot of pressure.

Kevin Diaz played Emily Houses.

Nothing?

I think she played Lena.

The names were the same as the title, but did they live in a glass house too?

No.

They really missed an opportunity there.

Yeah.

Because someone could have sworn to Stone.

Time for a sequel.

Wayne?

Prequel.

Why do you love Prequel so much, Wayne?

You prequeled again?

What about the prequel?

He prequeled.

I love prequels.

What's your favorite one?

Any prequel any day.

Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.

I love the Indiana Jones.

I love the Star Wars prequels.

Butch and Sundance, the early years.

If it's a movie that takes place before the last one, I am there with my $10.

But you can do that if you watch a sequel first.

What?

You can watch a sequel first, and then you have a triple prequel.

Oh my God, you're right.

It's true.

Watch a sequel, then watch a prequel, then watch the first one.

Any time I watch Caddyshack, I watch Caddyshack 2 before.

Yeah, just to figure out what's going on.

And so I'm going to watch it.

Yeah, well, we're in the process of making this prequel to Wet Hot American Summer.

Oh, you are?

Oh, that's right.

And let's talk about that for a bit, because you have this piece of paper in front of you.

Yes.

Well, I have the Hot Hundred singles of 1994.

And can you tell me what band had three singles in the top 10 songs of 1994?

Stray Cats.

I think you were off by a decade.

That's not it.

1994?

1994.

Okay.

I'll give you a hint.

Ace of Base.

What's Ace of Base?

I'm going to guess.

Swing Out Sister.

Nope.

Wait, what happened?

I'm giving a very clear hint.

Johnny hates jazz.

Ace of Base.

Ace of Base did what?

Has three singles in the top 10 of 1994.

Did they just re-release signs over and over?

The arithmics.

No, they did Don't Turn Around.

All That She Wants and Don't Turn Around.

Oh, that she wants.

Is that Don't Turn Around?

Oh, that's your comma sign.

Cause you're going to leave my heart waking.

Don't turn around.

I don't want to see me cry.

How do you guys know this?

This is a song that is very old for you guys.

Yeah, but I love YouTube.

I mean, I understand guys like us in our 50s.

Of course, we get it.

But how do you know this song?

I tuned out after the 80s, so I don't know any of this.

Who is this Madonna?

Who's this Janet Jackson?

I don't know.

Wait, those were right there.

People are from the 80s.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, but they did well, again, in the 90s.

Who's this Don't Turn Around?

I don't know.

Who's this?

You forgot who they were?

Because they did well in the 90s, you've forgotten their existence.

John Mellencamp featuring Michelle Nageocello.

N-dageo-cello.

Michelle Nageocello?

Oh, God, you guys know everything.

N-dageo-cello?

I cannot be a pop culture leader.

Tracy?

N-dageo-cello?

My wife.

Wampler.

My wife.

Good.

My wife to us all.

My wife to everyone.

Anything else you spot on that Billboard list?

Why do you have it again?

Well, I just was working on a pilot.

Very good question, Mr. Ockerman.

It takes place in the mid-90s, so I learned a lot about it.

Is that the wet hot prequel you were talking about?

No, this was a TV pilot, hopefully it'll be on next year.

It's called Brenda Forever.

Oh, there's nothing more interesting than talking about pilots.

No, no.

Guess what, though?

Children's Hospital is going to be on in two.

That was a pilot at one point.

Oh, tell us more about Children's Hospital.

Fifth season, blah, blah, blah, this year.

Zooks, you're a writer for that, aren't you?

I am.

Ooh, maybe there's a part for a young nurse?

Oh, hooray.

No, no, all the episodes have been shot.

You are not cast.

Then who cares?

Can I be a PA?

Yes, you can be a PA for the season that's completed, yes.

Oh, really?

That's very nice of you.

Well, you've just completed the fifth season?

We finished shooting it, and now it's going to be on in June.

When you make shoot this season?

The fifth season is the platinum season, as everyone knows.

Yes, and so we give each other gifts.

That's right, made of platinum.

Every day?

Every day.

Oh, my gosh.

It's very expensive and time consuming.

And we have a thing we can't get somebody to, you know, assistance or buying gifts.

So we each have to go to a store, usually during lunch, and buy something out of platinum.

And you can't go to the platinum store.

Everybody has to go to the platinum store.

Yeah, and also they have to be- But you have to hide from each other so you don't see what he's always buying.

And they have to be monogrammed or in some way personalized .

Oh, that takes a lot of time.

You could do that over lunch.

Well, that basically, so it's like two hours lunch, and then we end up going into overtime on the shoot, and everyone on the crew has to buy everyone else on the crew a platinum gift.

Can I tell you something, David, what would help?

Yeah.

Online research.

Yeah, that's the thing.

We don't allow- Look at pictures of gifts.

You don't allow the internet at Children's Hospital, right?

No computers or internet on our production, because it's just- Why are you making more work for yourself?

It's distracting.

Yeah.

Boy, that's a fascinating story.

Thank you.

I'm surprised you ever get anything done there.

Well, it does, I would say it takes about half of our time is doing the platinum gifts, but it's the platinum season.

You got to do it.

Showbiz traditions.

Yeah.

What do you expect on Children's Hospital this year?

And I'll accept an answer from Jason as well.

Jason has no idea.

Nudes, more nudes.

I know the one I wrote.

Which one is it?

Imaginary Friends.

Oh, yeah.

Ooh, Imaginary Friends.

There's a special award in the Children's Hospital that's just for the Children's Imaginary Friends.

Oh, I love that idea.

Thanks.

My Imaginary Friend is very ill.

But the other thing is- You still have an Imaginary Friend?

Your Imaginary Friend is very ill?

What, you don't, Mr. Ockerman?

You have one, Mike?

We all have Imaginary Friends, right?

You don't.

Usually you grow out of it.

Mine stays in bed in a fake bed.

I still have an imagination.

Mine also stays in a fake bed.

It's a fake bed, not an imaginary one?

Yeah, it's fake.

It's real, but it's- It's made of cardboard.

It's mine's made of paper.

Oh, paper.

Well, you're young.

You can't afford a three-dimensional.

Mine's 3D.

It's 3D made of paper.

I made it myself.

Oh, congratulations.

But my Imaginary Friend sleeps there, and she's dying.

She's dying?

Of what?

She's already here.

A broken heart?

She has leukemia.

Oh!

Holy cow.

That's tough.

You know, you could cure her of that very easily.

I can't, because I'm not a doctor, and Children's Hospital 's a fake show.

I'm just saying that your imagination, you could imagine she doesn't have- If you imagined yourself becoming a doctor- Here's the thing, she's going to die in four days.

I can't- Four days?

And the limit is set.

That's tough.

We're lucky to have you here today.

I know, but I don't want to care about spending time with her, because she's kind of a bitch.

I think this is taking some turns.

Guys, I think this is just- Is she going through a lot of chemo right now?

Yeah, so she's kind of mad because of all that.

Well, that's maybe why she's so irritable.

Does she have- I'm going to cut her a break.

What's her name?

I'd cut her a break.

Well, you would cut her a break, because you love cutting people.

You know what?

Tracy, what's her name?

Her name is Sharon.

Sharon?

Yes.

Is she single?

Yeah, because she has a disease.

What?

This is a new low for you.

Does she care?

This is gross.

Does she want to know what she's up to?

Where this is going is gross.

Hold on, is she imaginarily wealthy?

No, because she wouldn't be able to cure her disease if she had money.

I thought for a second- People and money can't cure her.

I'm just saying, in four days I can get in there.

You're talking about Magic Johnson, not Shaquille O'Neal.

Yeah, well he's still alive and he has AIDS.

Yeah, that's Shaquille O'Neal.

Wasn't Shaquille O'Neal in Paper Moon with Tatum O'Neal?

I believe so.

Where her dad kissed her.

Her dad kissed her.

Her father.

Her dad kissed her.

Her performance was all line reading, so he shouldn't have got the Oscar.

I see.

I think this is Reardon's way of killing off her, Matt, because she's growing out of it.

She's growing out of it.

Who knows what it's my way of?

Oh, I think you were listening.

You're such an enigma wrapped up in a mystery, Reardon.

I would love to devote the next three hours to talking about your psyche.

We take plenty of time to talk about you, Robert.

Do we?

When are you coming back to the show?

God, never.

You never come back.

It's your job.

Are we planning our return appearances now?

Are we scheduling them around the horn?

Yeah, let me pass the calendar around.

Before we go, I just want to make sure we finish his salary negotiation.

Oh, okay.

We want to do that before we take another break.

Who's representing him?

Because I feel like I could help as an agent.

Oh, okay.

I know, David, you have to go.

I have to go, but before I go, I have to go meet with some other clients.

Okay.

What do you have to say on his behalf?

He works hard, and he deserves a 30% raise, and so we want to give him $600 a week now, and I feel like he deserves it.

And if you don't give it to him, we're going to find another place, another building for him to clean, and you're not going to want that, and that's the kind of leverage I'm giving you for that.

Okay.

And you're comfortable with the way he just negotiated that , Mike?

Well, certainly.

He drives a hot bargain.

30%?

He's got the best interests of his client, myself, at heart .

Let me ask you, is he unionized at all?

You know what?

The deal's off the table now, because I don't want to ...

This is not a pissing contest.

Hang up the phone.

I don't want to jerk each other off here.

Wait, is it a pissing contest, or are we jerking each other off?

So now it's $1,000 a week.

Don't jerk me off.

That's what it is.

Take it or leave it, or else we're going somewhere else.

Okay, tell you what.

Tell you what.

Are you screwing around with me?

Fine.

$1,500 a week.

That's it.

No deal.

$1,500 a week, no deal?

Deal or no deal.

Mike, change representation.

There we go.

They're going to leave it.

Deal or no deal.

$1,500 a week, no deal.

Zoop, tell me out here.

Oh, I mean, the way this guy is ... David is really doing a great job, I think, advocating for Mike here.

All right.

We want two grand a week.

Sounds fair.

We want residuals, DVDs- Residuals on his trash?

Yep.

And DVDs of the security cameras?

Oh, what about merchandising?

What about if there are Mike- Merch, what about merch?

What if there are Mike stalls?

And we want a catch.

Mike, why'd you put on sunglasses?

Well, because my counsel put on sunglasses.

Oh, okay.

And we want to own it, whatever it is.

You want to own the trash that you're sweeping up?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's non-negotiable.

He sweeps it up, throws it away, fine, but he wants ownership into the future.

We want security.

In perpetuity throughout the known universe.

Tell you what.

Here's my final offer.

$600 a week.

He owns the trash.

I do jerk you off, and we have a pissing contest.

Deal.

I got a DiGiorno that's cooking it.

I left one in my toaster oven, so I got to get back to Marina Del Rey.

All right.

Well, I know David, you have to go as well.

I actually headed that way if you want a ride.

I would love to have a ride.

Oh, that's how she works.

This is a bad idea.

I have a- I would love to have a ride.

I have a Fiat.

This is a bad idea.

Hey, you had me at Fiat.

I'm in it.

She's going to sit on your lap.

All right, maybe we'll grab a little lunch on the way.

Oh, boy.

We'll do a field test.

All right.

Well, David, I want- I'm burning down to seem like a walk in the park.

David, I want to thank you for dropping by on our fourth anniversary.

It means a lot to me.

Always a pleasure.

Thanks so much for making time.

Happy to come back.

And Wampler, come back next week because you're supposed to be here.

You know what?

We'll see what you send me, present-wise.

Nothing?

Nope.

And make sure you're here next week.

It was nice meeting you.

You know what, Riordan?

Cue the music.

We've had a long road together, Riordan, you and I, and at one point I thought that we might be able to be friends, and then I realized, nope.

My wife.

So lock your windows.

You know what, buddy?

That doesn't mean anything.

Okay.

Lock your windows because I am going to sneak in and I'm going to cut you all night long.

Okay.

Well, I'll see you tonight.

I'm going to wear a nightgown.

And if you're free August 12th, I'd love to have you at my birthday party.

As a deterrent?

I'm invited?

Oh, wow.

Yep.

Just to hurt Aukerman.

Later, Choctaw, and Womp it up.

Womp up the jams.biz.

Bye.

All right.

Thanks, guys.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we are back here and we have Jason Mantz oukas here.

Comedy bing bong, how are you?

Bing bong.

It's our fourth anniversary.

Thank you so much for listening.

We have Mike the janitor here.

Comedy beat box.

Love it.

And of course, Tracy Riordan.

Hi.

My wife.

Oh, of course.

And a couple of guys just wandered in the studio.

I know we have an open door policy here.

A couple of guys?

Scott, it's the Bachelor Brothers, babe.

How's it going, babe?

I'm sorry we've never been introduced, so I don't know why I would know you.

Benny Bachelor.

And I'm Barrett Bachelor, babe.

We're the Bachelor Brothers and we run the Bachelor Records , babe.

You made it, baby.

The hottest record label in town.

Just down the street.

Yeah, yeah.

We're down the street.

Our offices are above the hottest nightclub in the city.

The hottest nightclub in Los Angeles and our offices are on the pet house, babe.

Oh, okay.

You've given me no details yet.

What's the name of the club?

Bachelor pad.

The Bachelor pad.

Yeah, that's it.

Okay.

I think you guys just made that up because you started saying it and then you like got all excited that it came up with such a good one.

And then you guys high fived.

I was thinking of all the hot nights we've had there with the sweatiest chicks in town.

And that's how you're supposed to say the name.

Is that what that place is about?

I'm really sweaty.

I'm 25.

The sweatiest.

Have you seen her glistening thighs?

Yeah.

And we have some of the hottest bands show up and then we put them on our Bachelor Brothers label, babe.

Bachelor Records.

Yeah.

What did you say?

Yeah, quit saying stuff that's different.

But we have some great acts come through.

Tell us about your acts if you could.

Well, this one.

I'd also like to know.

Why are you on the show by the way?

We're here to pry you away from Earwolf, babe.

We got to take you off of your label and put you on Bachelor Records.

This is quite a turnaround.

Okay.

All right.

So, did you want to hit?

We did it.

That was pretty easy.

That was easy.

See you guys.

Well, we just want you to also play some of our bands.

Oh, like who are your hottest bands?

The Kooky Cavemen.

Wait, with their song?

You got me rocking like a dinosaur.

I know that one.

Yeah.

Look, look.

They don't dress up like cavemen.

They're wearing leopard skin tunics.

We only sign the most outrageous, wildest bands.

These people come out in full prehistoric get up.

Loincloths.

Uh-huh.

Uh, holding rocks and sticks.

Their instruments look like bones, baby.

Oh.

Kids, they don't want regular bands that just come out with their guitars and their long hair and their fringed vests.

Wait, what?

They want people who just like, okay.

That's what guys like us at 50.

I think so.

Can I ask you a quick question?

How old are you guys?

We're 13 years old.

We're twins.

And if you might ask if one is older than the other, no, we were born at the exact same moment.

Wait, not even like a minute apart?

Not even a minute apart.

We both slimed out at the same time.

Wait, are you guys side by sides?

Yep.

Holding hands just like we are right now.

But you must have been.

Yeah.

Why are you guys holding hands?

I probably hurt your mom.

We were super tiny.

We didn't hurt her at all.

I hurt my mom when I came out.

We know.

Don't boast dear.

Is it interesting to see an older woman like this, Tracy?

I'm 17.

Hobby, hobby, jail bait, jail bait.

Why are you calling an older woman jail bait?

Jail bait.

She's jail bait.

Also, what was that expression you used?

Hobby, hobby, hobby.

Do you want to hear about another band?

Of course I do.

My wife, I certainly do.

Yeah, my wife.

All right.

Another one of our bands is called 1993.

All their songs are about 1993.

You got me rocking like a clone dinosaur.

They have Gennaro's Lament about the lawyer from Jurassic Park.

Hey raptor baby.

No, specifically, just about 1993, but about Jurassic Park.

I suppose that's one way of thinking about it.

You want to split hairs.

Hobby, hobby.

I'm just trying to understand what's going on.

Hobby, hobby.

You guys call everyone baby.

Big surprise.

The janitor's splitting hairs.

What?

What did you say?

Jail bait?

Yeah, jail bait.

Jail bait in the janitor sounds like a great wild rock act.

We should sign them.

You should sign them.

I only play bones.

Hey, that's perfect.

We got to introduce you to the, what were they called?

The kooky cavemen.

And you know, Mike the janitor here sings about fish bones a lot.

It's true.

Fish bone, the band that was playing the first time I walked into Amoeba Records and I was wondering why it was so crowded in there.

They were physically playing.

Yeah.

I thought it was over the PA.

Sing your song for them.

Oh, don't throw an ooh at me just because I'm yelling on the fence.

I'm a cat and I ate an entire fish skeleton.

It's what I do.

I don't like money more than love less than yay.

Hey, come over here.

Talk to me in private.

I'm seeing dollar signs, my man.

Yeah, yeah.

You're looking at a dollar bill currently.

Yeah, and I'm seeing a big Turkey sub.

You guys brought those in.

Is that your change from buying those Turkey subs?

Is that why?

Yeah.

The change we got was more Turkey.

Hey, would you be opposed?

The change you got was more Turkey.

You never been to bachelor subs?

So you paid for the sub and were given Turkey as change.

Wait, wait, wait.

Did you buy sandwiches at your own restaurant?

At the bachelor pad.

What?

Bachelor pad subs.

Stop high fiving.

Not worth a high five.

What they do is they separate their hands from holding hands in order to then high five with those hands.

But then they clutch back immediately.

Yeah.

Like magnets, like two magnets.

Hey, this just occurred to me.

Does the dollar sign actually appear on the dollar bill?

It doesn't.

And I was going to ask.

I think they spell it out every time, right?

It's not like play money that you get.

I don't think there is.

I think they just say this is $1.

There's plenty in my bank account.

I got to say for the bachelor brothers, money, cash money is a little beneath us.

At our headquarters, it's all doubloons.

Oh, whoa.

Really?

Well, that's because we signed the hottest act in town.

Oh, what's that?

The pirates.

The butlers.

The garbage men.

Wait a minute.

The garbage men?

Oh, the Jandos.

This is getting dangerously close.

He picks up garbage all day for money.

Well, he doesn't.

He does it for a lot.

The only thing he asks in return.

But not only does he ask his money.

Can I explain something to you, fellas?

Here's what I do.

I clean up other people's filth and all I ask in return is a paycheck.

That's it.

That's all I want.

I believe you also just negotiated for ownership over that trash.

Yes, I did.

Thank you, Mr. Ockerman.

You don't have to suck up to me.

You don't have to suck up to me anymore.

Oh, that's right.

You piece of shit.

The problem, he is the biggest problem.

I might as well mop you up.

That's what I think of you.

We may not be able to sign you because we have an act called the janitors.

What?

A bunch of people, they dress up like the oars you use to row a boat.

They're all named Janet.

Oh, conflict of interest.

Yeah.

That sucks, baby.

The Janet oars.

Yeah.

So it's a band full of people dressed as oars.

Why did you say Janet?

Right before that.

You guys didn't high five on that one.

Yeah, high five.

It's in development.

We're tickling each other.

Ew.

You guys are like trying to like- You guys got to swing by the office.

It'll blow your wands.

What delights are we likely to experience at this office?

Different colored- An office run by 13 year olds.

Different colored phones.

We have different colored phones.

Every phone's a different color.

Yeah, we got a big gumball machine.

Cool, baby.

It's like the movie Big.

Yeah.

You're trampoline in a big dinosaur?

Elizabeth Perkins is there all the time.

And you touch her boobs.

Walking around with Robert Lozier.

So you touch my titties.

Touch my titties.

Ooh, Robert, touch my titties.

Oh, my God.

Wait, Robert is the one doing it?

Yeah, why not?

This is real life, not a movie.

So if I was to come to your- to Bachelor Records, right?

Yes.

Full on Lozier Perkins fingering.

Make a stop at Bachelor Pad subs first.

Oh, yeah.

And then the Bachelor Pad on your way up to the pen house.

Don't get your hopes up because they're not playing their characters from Big.

Robert Lozier is his character from Pritzie's Honor, Elizabeth Perkins.

He said, she said.

She said.

Oh, wow.

We heard a lot about he said, she said earlier in the show.

We did.

Really?

And all they talk about is, ooh, I wish I was in Lost Highway with you.

I auditioned for the role.

Sounds like a one-on-one conversation.

That's the whole- that's the only conversation they ever had.

Does Lozier ever talk about how he was the villain in the two-hour premiere of Magnum P.I.?

The pilot episode of Magnum P.I.?

He does.

And he also talks about how he was the villain in Armed and Dangerous.

Hmm.

Sounds like a really interesting office you guys have there .

Yeah.

So what do you say?

You're leaving Earwolf?

Yeah.

All right.

Let's get the contract together, babe.

Yeah.

What do I have to- do I sign something or what is it?

Mm-hmm.

We've got to open for all our bands.

Oh, okay.

Bands like the Eggheads.

Uh-oh.

What's their story?

The Beltway Boys.

Oh, sorry.

He's got to open for them?

Yeah.

Yeah, but with- He doesn't know how to play a song.

Oh, no music.

What do I do?

You're a shock jock, aren't you?

A shocking disc jockey?

Yeah.

Or maybe go out there with a toilet.

Ah, yeah.

Some sort of talk radio, Boghosian-type material or something.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I hope he and Anthony stuff make some prank calls.

Yeah, yeah.

Hey, I'm just thinking right now, maybe we get Boghosian, we get Loja, we do the- The Loghosians.

There we go.

Some nice real gruff voice, motherfuckers.

Hey, I don't like that kind of language from a 13-year-old boy.

I'm sorry, rough voice, motherfuckers.

Okay.

What about the Wainscotters?

Is me and David Wain just talking about issues?

We've- It ballooned.

We've worked with David Wain and some of his musical acts before.

I sense a history, an unpleasant history.

Yeah, we had a whole band.

They were all- the whole theme was wrestlers getting their weight checked before a match.

The Wayans.

And he wanted to be wonderful.

Were they brothers?

Wait, wait, wait.

The Wayans brothers?

I'll answer any question.

This needs to be sub-confused.

You're an open book, of course.

Barrett.

Yes.

Now, Benny, you not so much.

You're very closed.

Wait, he's an open book.

I want to ask him a question.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

When you're falling asleep at night, like, who do you dream about?

My brother.

And, Benny, do you mind answering the same question?

My brother.

Yeah, the last thing I see before I close my eyes.

You show a bed?

Oh, yeah.

Is it a big bed or a small bed?

It is a bed.

It's a sleeping bag.

And then when we wake up in the morning, we're both in the shower already.

Here's the thing, we don't ever remember waking up in bed.

It's because you're blocking out all your perverted stuff you're doing.

I guess so.

That might be a component.

This splash of water restores our senses.

Do you guys...

Oh, sorry.

Let's all talk.

Do you guys ever see other people socially or are you just spending all day long together?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The other day we were hanging out with the emperors as they were working on their new song.

What's their new song?

I hesitate.

Ooh, you got me rocking like a...

Emperor.

Yep, yep, yep.

In new clothes.

Yep, yep, yep.

We're wrapping this all down.

They only play gongs.

The emperors?

Yeah, that's their only instrument.

Oh, I just assumed.

Tracy, have you ever fantasized about two guys?

Like two twin brothers?

I've definitely thought about a tuisom with two guys.

And definitely it's been twins.

Is it unsettling that we're perfectly identical?

No, it's kind of better because then if one of you is behind me and one of you is in front of me, I know what both your face looks like.

Would you guys separate that long?

As long as we can still reach each other.

Yeah, as long as we're holding hands.

You can Eisel-Tower me.

You can hold hands.

Have you guys, um...

This is really taking a turn.

I've never really done that though.

Have you guys had sex before?

The bachelor twins?

Separately together in a threesome?

Either in any way.

You're 13 years old, so...

We were born having sex with each other.

Ew, you're a 10.

Your penis was in your butt.

My penis was in his butt when my mom gave birth to us.

Was your mom disturbed and killed herself?

Yep.

Were you just conjoined?

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

Scott?

Whoa, whoa.

Sorry to have done so quickly.

Before we hit the maternity ward, our mom was dead.

By her own choice.

Yeah, she grabbed a scalpel and slit his throat.

Oh, that is a gruesome way to die.

Because of the abomination that she'd given birth to?

Yeah.

Two little squealing piggies fucking each other.

No other reasons?

Oh my goodness.

I mean, had she been depressed?

No.

Wait, was your birth...

She was thrilled with her kids.

Was your birth, fucking each other, the fulfillment of any kind of prophecy or anything that had come before?

Yeah, Satan's back.

Well, I think it began with the...

What's that little TV screen they hook up to the mommies?

The sonogram.

Yeah.

She saw it in the sonogram, so she had a heads up.

Oh, really?

You guys were fucking in the room?

Yeah.

I think what more bothered her, though...

But Cthulhu was the OBGYN.

Oh, well, here we go.

It's not so much that we were fucking each other.

I think it was more that we came out with a lot of wet, m atted fur all over our bodies.

Ew!

Like feathers or...

Like fur.

Fur and feathers.

Do you still have the...

I mean, I...

Oh yeah, we keep it in a big ball.

It's in our bed between us so we sleep.

Do you guys represent that band, Fur and Feathers?

Yep.

They're a bachelor records.

They're one of our hottest acts.

They're wild.

Is it YouTube?

Mm-hmm.

How many of these bands are you the only members?

100%.

Oh, okay.

I wondered.

You have a bunch of bands?

Look, you're...

Yeah, we have the Martians.

We have the Stovetop Boys.

Wait, who are the Stovetop Boys again?

There are too many of your men who live on top of a stove.

They must be really hot all the time.

Yeah, they're constantly jumping up and down.

The stove is on.

The clean up burning.

They have little to turn it off.

They have a regular size stove.

They should wear a Willy protective shoe.

We have you two.

We have...

Wait, hold on a second.

Hold on.

The Who.

Wait.

Wait, and you guys are in both of those bands?

Uh-huh.

Yeah, I call myself Bono, and he calls himself The Edge and Larry Mullen.

Now, I'm sorry.

I'd feel like a fool if I didn't ask this.

Are you referring to the famous bands that everyone knows U 2 and The Who?

Everyone knows all of these bands we've mentioned.

They're the most famous bands in the world.

No, they spelled it.

I'm looking at their paper.

It's spelled Y-O-U-T-O-O.

Oh, okay.

U2.

And then...

And The Who is the H-O-O, like Horton Hears A.

And they drew an owl.

Yeah, that's The Who's biggest act is they draw pictures of owls the whole time.

Sometimes we combine them and we do You Who?

Or Who To?

Who To?

Who To is our website.

Yeah, when you say they, you're talking about yourselves because you're the only members of this band.

You're talking about The Who To, which is two owls who come out and fly around your head for two hours.

We book them.

We manage them.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Do people hire these owls to fly around your head?

Yep.

Little mice do.

Why would they do that?

Why would they hire their natural predators to come to a party?

That seems...

Oh, boy.

I don't...

Ask the mice.

As we always say, ask the mice.

Ask the mice.

These mice are in some weird perverted sick shit.

Yes, the mice, baby.

Where they get the money?

Cheese.

They get the money from cheese?

Yeah.

Or is there money cheese?

You say you get paid in cheese.

Wait, do they get paid in turkey as well?

No, they provide the cheese for our sub shop.

And they get changed in turkey.

Yep.

So mice are your cheese distributors?

Yes.

Ew, that's really disgusting.

I don't hate genic.

Hey, what's all this judgment coming from?

Why, look at Baskin-Wabinton.

We would never have mice deliver ice cream to us.

Although I would like to see that.

I would hope.

I've been opposed to cut costs.

Yeah, well.

I mean, that's a thing you might need to be careful of is the inevitability that you will be replaced by a mouse.

Oh, it keeps me awake at night.

But thankfully, the sort of corrupt relationship between janitors and the public health service, that'll keep me in business for a long time to come.

That's good.

Well, the Barrett brothers, I mean the Bachelor brothers.

I'm so sorry.

Hey, we're not Todd and Alan Barrett.

Okay.

They were kissing a lot.

Yeah.

Why did you guys kiss when you said you were so upset about that?

You can't hold hands forever.

The tiny penis is so around.

This relationship is escalating.

Okay.

Ew, the flinching.

The flinching.

Hey, but you got to remember, we came out fucking.

That's true.

So comparatively.

Is that the motto of your record label?

We came out fucking.

So comparatively dot, dot, dot.

This ain't so bad.

That is actually pretty.

Oh my gosh.

Well guys, I'm in.

I'm mainly for all this turkey.

I want to be there.

So this is our last, my last show on Earwolf.

Let's cap it off.

Let's celebrate with a good round of hearty plugs.

One knows three plugs.

Hey everyone, before this episode of plugs, I want to remind you that we have two sponsors today.

Comedy and porno magazine, Beaver Patrol.

Yeah.

Reminder, if you're going to Google something, I should say Hollywood nights.

If you like listening to podcasts, you will love.

My wife.

You must buy your wife at least as much jewelry as you buy your horse.

Speak up now.

You must buy your wife at least as much jewelry as you buy your horse.

My wife.

You call this your place of business?

This plugs underneath it.

Look at these plugs underneath the microphone clumber.

This plugs underneath it.

Look at these plugs underneath the microphone clumber.

This plugs underneath it.

This is only half of it at this point.

All right.

Faded down.

I love it.

Let's play it at the end of the show for anyone who wants to, because it sounds like a masterpiece.

Uh, but I, I want, uh, let's play it at the very end of the show.

When we say goodbye, we'll play the whole thing.

Yeah, it was good.

And Jay, you're, you're, you're Jay.

Jay.

You're calling me Jay now?

Yeah.

All right.

Fine.

Sonny.

Anybody call you Sonny?

Nobody does, but please do Mike.

Oh Sonny.

When there are gray skies.

Uh, guys, it's time for plugs and, uh, obviously David Wayne would love for me to plug children's hospital.

He sort of did in a way and a Wampler wants to plug her birthday party, I guess, August 8th.

12th.

Was it 12th?

12th.

August 12th.

Okay.

You say August 8th because that's when you think of birth days.

Yes.

That's true.

That's how I always remember it.

That's right.

Uh, so let's go round Robin style.

All right.

So who wants to go first?

Round Robin says, what about Jay dog?

I'll, I'll start.

I'll, I'll as always plug a, how did this get made right here on, Oh no, actually we're moving over to bachelor brothers podcasting network.

So check us out there.

What do you have to think about that?

Benny Benny.

What's wrong?

He's sucking my dick right now.

He can't talk.

Okay.

Oh, he's not going.

I apologize.

He's just under the table.

Uh, well that's great news though.

Barrett.

Yeah.

We're really excited.

No, that he's sucking your dick.

Oh yeah.

I'm also really excited.

I'll see you over there.

Absolutely.

It's going to be a it's, you know, it's a new opportunity.

I'm excited.

We're, we're excited to, you know, like new horizons.

Get us out there more and also subs, you know, like that played a big part in our decision.

Hey, steer clear of the cheese.

The mice, the mice, the mice, uh, Tracy Reardon, what do you like to plug?

Um, as you know, I don't like Twitter and I don't care what anyone thinks on Twitter, but um, I want to plug my brother's girlfriend's Twitter, which is at Lauren Lapkus and I want to plug a show coming to Netflix called orange is the new black cause it's supposed to be good.

Orange is the new black and you've heard about the show.

I just heard about it on Huffington post.

Oh, you're on the Huffington post.

Regular, regular Huff.

Do you have the Huff po app?

Uh, no, but I will get it.

I'm the first person to tell you about it.

Yeah.

I didn't know it was a thing.

Oh, okay.

Well you've got an iPhone there.

Just throw that app on there.

I'll get it for the show.

Get it right now.

I say, okay, watch me get it.

Okay.

I'd love to.

Here I go.

Cool baby.

Oh, now you're speaking their language.

Oh yeah.

Oh, you got it.

Yeah, I got it.

It's okay.

Open it up there.

What's on the, what's on the front page.

The front page is all about puppies.

I think you may have gotten the puppy post.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, we'll fix this the next show you're on.

Okay.

Uh, and Mike, did you enter?

Uh, I just like the plug, uh, dropping trash on the ground.

Cause you own it.

Uh, yeah, that's right.

Uh, also, uh, uh, the Rockford Files.

Oh yes.

It's a pretty good show.

Guys like us in our fifties, of course, we remember the show, but it's on DVD, streaming on Netflix, watching on Oodle plus.

All right.

Sounds good.

I just signed a new act.

Can I plug them?

Oh, please do.

They're called the G-mails.

They all dress up like little foxes having a tea party.

Okay.

Full stop.

And what do I want to plug?

Come out and see me at Bonnaroo.

Reggie and I doing a show out there in June and the week before that come to the Austin television festival.

I will be doing that there with this guy named Neil Campbell, I believe the, the, uh, head writer and co-executive producer of the bang bang TV show.

We'll be out there and doing a live show as well.

Uh, so, and tickets are either on sale now or they will be on sale very soon.

And uh, we got everybody, right?

All right.

Let's close up the old, Oh no.

I want to say thanks to Rodney Landrum.

Rodney Landrum.

You are our fourth anniversary donor.

Thank you so much for donating something special coming to you.

Thank you, Rodney.

And that is it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Any fourth anniversary remix?

50s.

Because we're all in our fifties.

All right.

I don't know if that's going to stick.

I hope it doesn't.

And, and with that, and apologies to Molly Shannon.

All right guys.

Thanks so much.

This has been a great anniversary.

I want to thank everyone for listening to us.

If you've been listening to us for one episode or the entire four years, I really appreciate it.

We have a lot of fun here.

Hopefully you have fun listening to this one today.

Cause I think we had a lot of fun doing it and we will see you at the bachelor brothers, baby.

See you.

Thanks.

Bye.

Let's hear that song.

One knows three plugs.

Hey everyone.

Before this episode of plugs, I want to remind you that we have two sponsors today.

Comedy and porno magazine beaver patrol reminder.

If you're going to Google something, I should say Hollywood nights.

If you like listening to podcasts, you will love.

You must buy your wife.

At least as much jewelry as you buy your wife.

You must buy your wife.

She wants jewelry by your wife.

At least she wants jewelry as you buy your wife.

That ain't good for your wife.

That way.

You call this your place of business?

This plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath the microphone.

These plugs underneath the microphone.

I would never speak into this microphone.

You're speaking about these plugs.

These plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs.

Hear these plugs.

These plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

Look at these plugs underneath it.

Oh my God.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.
