Hey everybody, welcome to Comedy Death Ray Radio.

My name is Jimmy Pardo.

I am in for the vacationing Scott Aukerman.

He is north of the border at the Vancouver Comedy Festival.

Or he's avoiding a war that we don't know about.

He's avoiding a draft that we don't know about.

What would that be?

Well, there is a war going on.

Oh true.

There's the one that Matt Belknap to my left hand side, of course Joe Escalante running the board as he does each and every time I fill in.

That's the way I prefer it.

Wait a minute.

Let me...

There was a nice lady here the first time you came.

Sexy lady, right?

Who I may have apparently creeped out because she's never been back.

Joe, was she creeped out by my advances?

No, she's just a bad employee.

Oh, okay.

Terrific.

I'll take that over being creeped out by this short nonsense of a freak that I am.

And that's not to say that I don't find Joe Escalante sexy.

Because I also find him a very handsome man.

The silver fox.

He is the Charlie Rich of Indy 103.

Matt Belknap of course, the co-host of the very popular podcast Never Not Funny.

He also runs AspecialThing.com.

We've got a great show.

We've got a lot of fun.

Dana Gould will be here in a little bit.

We have a star-studded show.

Paul Stanley of KISS is going to be with us today.

He's promoting some new website that he has going on.

And then we also have...

And I'm not on board with this.

Stuart here, the intern.

What's his title, Joe?

Intern.

Stuart's an intern.

I got here today and he goes, hey, I hope it's cool.

I booked you a guest.

What?

And I was like, I don't know if I'm on board with that necessarily.

And he said, yeah, some guy listens to Counter Death Ray on a regular basis.

He heard you the last time.

And this guy, I guess he's looking for work, but he's currently on the air in Utah.

Stuart, is that right?

Stuart gives me the thumbs up.

He's not in Utah.

He's a shock jock.

I have no interest in having him come on the air.

His name is Kirk Rocker.

So real original.

So he's going to be on later on in the show.

And he listens to this show?

Again, I don't...

Yes, I guess he does.

I don't know.

Stuart set it up.

Okay.

Okay?

Yeah.

He's trying to expand.

He sees a new genre being formed here at Indy.

Exactly.

A remedy.

It's the future.

And no radio.

So the future is on the world wide web.

Let me walk the listener through what's happening out in Southern California.

I know this goes worldwide on what they call the internet, Matt.

I woke up today to play with my son at about, let's call it 8.40, 8.30.

Walked outside in some short pants and a t-shirt, freezing my tail off.

What?

Cold outside.

And within the time that I walked inside, I put pants on, I came back out, 97 degrees.

Yeah.

Because I was outside at the same time really.

And I was sweating.

Is that right?

Well, I was walking.

I was taking a brisk walk with my daughter.

You are also a little closer to the valley than I am.

True.

Where it is, of course, as people will tell you, the valley , it's hotter in the valley.

It's cooler where I live mainly because I live in that area .

And then it was 97 degrees, then it became 98 degrees.

By that, I mean, I had the lachets over and we had a nice breakfast.

Who do you got?

You got Nick?

I got Nick.

I got his brother, Scott.

A couple of other guys.

Jimmy?

You know, this is a fun, interesting story.

And by that, I mean it won't be.

I once did a down at the Super Bowl in San Diego, California.

We did Make Me Laugh for Comedy Central.

And the opening act for Make Me Laugh was 98 degrees.

No kidding.

These young guys had the 9 a.m. slot and four good looking young kids that, you know, I'm formerly in the music business.

Yes.

I said these kids will never make it.

Just like I did about the new kids, I've got an eye for these sort of things.

You just do not take to these boy bands.

I don't like boy bands.

You know what I mean?

Strap on an instrument and do it.

Yeah.

We're about, we're a few, maybe two or three years away from the next wave of boy bands probably.

I would imagine we are.

Right.

I mean, and I think that the way the world's turning to, it 's probably gonna be an all gay boy band.

Oh, you think so?

Don't you think the way that we're going in this society.

I like that.

The way the world views us.

Now if we had written any of this, I would say, well, what would that boy band be called, Jimmy?

Oh, I don't know.

You know.

Caught Spanking It.

Caught Spanking It?

Yeah, because there's a...

No, that's not the name of the album.

Okay.

Caught Spanking It is the name of the album.

And that's not necessarily gay, by the way.

Well, there's a European boy band called Caught in the Act.

Caught in the Act.

Again, I don't necessarily know if that's gay.

We've all been caught in the act, right?

Now you're banging around, somebody walks in on you.

I didn't know you were gay.

I'm not.

That's my point.

I'll do the Yelto part in that.

Okay.

You're going after young boys.

Young boys think that anybody who masturbates is gay.

That's a good point.

Okay.

Yeah.

Greatest story, and I don't...

I think since the internet, this is an appropriate story.

I remember one time, high school, sophomore year, a kid ran out of the shower with soap in his hand and said, hey, look what Bob just did to my hand.

Like trying to pretend that Bob jerked off in his hand.

I went, well, you're the guy that caught it.

So really, who's the idiot here?

Mike Gust.

Oh no.

Huh?

How about that?

Wait a minute.

What if he's listening?

He's not.

You think...

I could guarantee Mike Gust does not listen to Indy 103.

You don't think that's...

That's not Kirk Rocker.

He changed his name.

He's in Utah doing a bit.

No.

Gust, didn't even show up to the high school reunion.

He may be on the lam.

Is he in the band, Gust?

What if he wasn't?

I didn't know it all these years.

Founding member.

A member of my...

Who cares?

And nothing...

Anyway, we got a great show for you, as I mentioned.

Paul Stanley of KISS will be here in a little bit.

Dana Gould from The Simpsons will be here.

He's also got a lot going on in this career.

Excited to talk to him.

This fella, Kirk Rocker, will be here.

I promised on the World Wide Web, Joe, at some point during the show, he'll play the worst song ever recorded.

But right now...

Take your pick.

I'm gonna play...

No, that's not fair to this gentleman.

This gentleman played Biff in the Back to the Future movies .

His name is Tom Wilson, and he does this song called the Question Song because after every show, no matter where this guy goes, people are constantly asking him about Back to the Future to circumvent that.

He's written this song.

Here's Tom Wilson with the Question Song.

More on Indy 103 coming to Death Ray Radio.

When I'm flying in a plane or I'm on the street, there's a lot of things, people that I like to meet.

They shake my hand and never ask my name, and they start asking questions that are always the same.

Hey, how much money do you make more than you do?

So stop asking me the question.

Thanks a lot, everybody.

Thanks for coming out.

God bless.

Good night.

Thanks for coming out.

God bless.

Good night.

That's a lot of...

I know I'm meant to talk over that, Joe, but that applause ...

I've been in business at Comedy 20 years, never heard applause like that.

That was deafening, and I'm wearing what they call headphones.

Hey, everybody.

Welcome back to Comedy Death Ray Radio.

That was Tom Wilson with the Question Song.

My name is Jimmy Pardo filling in for the vacationing, Scott.

The dramatic...

I'm gonna call him the draft dodging, Scott Ockerman.

He's north of the border at the Vancouver Comedy Festival.

Tom Wilson, as Joe mentioned off the air, he's in the movie The Informant, and I imagine he's got a website, tomwilson.com.

This show is not about him.

I'm just playing comedy songs.

Does he get manure dumped on him in that movie?

Is that him?

I don't know.

Stop asking the question.

Sorry.

With us in the studio right now, folks, one of the best...

When we talk about comedy, we talk about comedians.

We talk about jokes.

We talk about setups.

We talk about punchlines.

We talk about stories.

We talk about performing with amplified systems.

We talk about pie throwing.

We talk about slapstick.

We talk about falling down on a banana peel.

And when we talk about those things, this gentleman's name does not come to mind.

We talk about one of the best when I bring up this gentleman's name.

He is a writer, former writer, former producer on the television show The Simpsons that's been on the air upwards of six and a half months now.

This thing is highly successful.

And honest to...

He's one of the...

This is a true story.

He's with him in the room, not three and a half feet from me.

Closer about two and a half men away from me.

He's a sheen, a crier, and a no-name kid away from me.

Dana, you're allowed to laugh into the microphone, by the way.

Dana Gould's been laughing for the second he got in here.

And yet he pulls away from the mic, God forbid.

I wanna comment on my intro.

I apologize.

You're right.

But you're allowed to laugh.

The intro might never end.

That's the name of my book.

You're allowed to laugh.

My life in show business.

Here's the deal.

I've been doing this a long time.

Why do we have to go?

We just stay in our own houses.

You know why?

He's lost 78 pounds and so now there's room to live at his house.

Anyhow, we welcome Danny Cole.

Does Mark lost a lot of weight?

He looks skeleton-like.

He's lost so much weight.

Well, that's not...

He wasn't overweight.

Right?

So what...

Nutbarr said, you're looking fat, and why did he believe it ?

Oh boy.

Right?

I don't know if he's on the pills.

I don't know what he's doing.

Because he wears a lot of heavy jackets.

He's always in like a suede or a leather jacket.

He doesn't wear a suede.

Now I'm worried about his frame.

I saw Larry King at the Grove Mall in a leather Raiders jacket that I thought was going to pile drive his body through the concrete.

He looked like Gary Oldman in the Dracula armor at the opening of that movie.

That's Danny Cole.

That's an example of what I'm talking about.

Let's break that down so it's not funny anymore.

Quick Larry King story.

Dana grabbed a reference.

Larry was on The Tonight Show recently and friends of mine and friends of my podcast, Number Not Funny, know that I work on The Tonight Show, and Larry came on.

He was wearing jeans, old man jeans, and he has no ass.

And he's got these old man jeans on and the suspenders.

So he goes out, does his interview.

Which is physically for him must feel like a hobo wearing a barrel.

It really is.

That's the best way to describe it.

That's kind of what it meant.

Like old man jeans where the waist is like a little too big .

He's skinny, no ass, and here's these things keeping him up .

So he does the interview and as he walks off and he goes, everybody's like, thank you Larry, thank you.

He's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, good.

Get these things off!

Takes off the suspenders in a way like he can't believe he saddled himself with this dumb little thing that he's got, you know, this hook that he's stuck with.

Oh, that is hilarious.

Couldn't wait to take off the suspenders.

I'm working with The Tonight Show's Brian Kiley tonight.

Is that right?

I am.

You know what, Brian Kiley, another one, does more jokes in one minute than I do in an hour.

And I've known Brian for maybe 25 years.

He's a terrific man, terrific comedian.

We can read on that.

And could break you in half.

He's a monster, isn't he?

Yeah, if he had a handlebar mustache, he would look like a wrestler from the 1800s.

He's also a gentleman, he wears a khaki pant and a plaid shirt.

I've seen him in pants.

I've seen him in more than one.

Oh, you've seen him in a pair?

Yeah.

The Tonight Show just wears the one.

Just wears the one pants.

I gotta imagine they're plated too.

Kiley strikes me as a plated pant guy.

He's a good old solid.

Well, see, Brian is from Boston.

I am from Boston.

We started out together.

But I had this weird thing.

It's September 25th today.

It's about 110 outside.

Minimum.

Right.

But after Labor Day, I can't wear shorts.

You just still in your head?

It's Labor Day.

I put my sweaters up.

And I have long pants on and I can't not wear shorts.

You've lived in Los Angeles how long?

20 years.

Even before that.

In your head.

Sams just go before that.

You think you would have adapted by now?

No.

Because after Labor Day, I start gearing up for Halloween and there's no shorts.

The shorts did not fit in my Halloween plans.

Walk me through when Dana Gould says he gears up for a Halloween.

I start gearing up for Halloween.

You go to a superstar store?

What do you do?

I start thinking about my costume.

And here's the thing.

No matter how early I start thinking about my costume, five o'clock Halloween afternoon, I'm going to be standing in front of my closet muttering, h obo again.

Here it is.

What's on the short list right now?

Well, I'm big with Halloween.

I grew up, my address when I was a child was 9 Cemetery Street.

Wow.

You saw I'm big on Halloween.

Born to love Halloween.

And my last name is Gould.

I love it.

You got two things.

Born to love Halloween.

Well, we have little kids at the house now.

Give us some natures.

Not ours.

Ladies and gentlemen, that's an example.

They're like raccoons.

You come out and you'll see like a discarded diaper and go crap, we have babies.

We better call somebody.

Look at this, three discarded diapers in the alley behind the house.

There's babies under the house.

No we have two daughters, five and seven.

And two beautiful girls.

Do they dress up as princesses from time to time?

It's all princesses.

What about Marielle from the...

Arielle?

Yeah, Alice and Lulu, my daughters.

What's the girl's name?

Arielle from The Little Mermaid.

Yeah, it's funny, here's a great show business story.

Are you ready for this?

Don't tell anyone.

We're on A103, no worries there.

I was a writer on the show Stark Raving Mad Hold Your Appl ause starring Tony Shalhoub and Neil Patrick Harris.

Love them both.

Who at the time was in the closet.

He has since come roaring out of the closet like Wolverine.

And there was an interview, somebody was like, what's your idea of the perfect woman?

And he said Ariel.

And I thought only a gay guy whose idea of a perfect woman would be a woman with no vagina.

Sure, or feet.

Does she have feet?

Yeah.

She's isn't a mermaid, right?

You are gay.

Wait a minute, you're talking about him or me?

Talking about him.

You're coming at me with that kind of accusation.

I may or may not disagree with you.

There's only one way to find out and that's to kiss for an hour.

Would you be able to kiss a man on screen?

I have kissed a man on screen.

Tell me about it.

And then produce a DVD for us.

It's a movie called Log Jam and Lumberjacks.

I've seen it.

No, it's a movie called Girls Will Be Girls.

And I bring it up in the internet because I'm blanking on his name.

He's really, really funny.

And Matt Belknap, you have that ability.

You have an ethernet cord going into that computer.

And oh god, I'm so ashamed of myself.

He's a friend of mine and I'm blanking on his name.

Jack Plotnick?

Jack Plotnick, thank you very much.

Oh, I know Jack.

Nice man.

Yeah.

So it's a movie with...

Who is gay?

And my apologies.

You do.

That may not be out.

Oh, is that out?

I think it's okay.

In the movie he was gay.

No, in the movie he's a woman.

Oh, okay.

My apologies to Jack, who I really admire and think is so funny.

And it was a movie where it's a comedy where all the women are played by men and all the men are played by men.

So it's Shakespearean.

Yes, exactly.

And he plays like a fading has-been starlet who I picked up and ended up having to hold a magazine of a prettier woman over his face while I have cyclic.

But we had to kiss and I felt the weirdest thing was his whiskers.

And I went, oh god, that's so weird.

Anyway, ha ha ha, happens to me all the time.

The life of a gay.

You've got it made.

All right, listen.

Dana Gould is here.

We're just getting started with him.

Matt Belknap is here.

Joe Escalante.

Stuart's in the other room setting up probably more bad interviews.

Not to suggest you are.

I have one coming up later in the show that I'm guessing is going to be a nightmare.

Oh, yeah, live or on?

Yeah, on the telephone I've got a guy calling in Kirk Rock er from K-Rock 103, maybe a sister station in Salt Lake City, Utah.

And Kirk Cameron's going to come and debunk Darwin.

He is.

I love crazy people.

But right now, we've got to take a quick break.

And by that I mean we're going to play a song.

I promised on the World Wide Web I'm going to play the worst song ever recorded.

This was in 1976.

Happy Days was, you know this song probably, Dana.

You're a child of the 70s.

This is the Hey Yes.

This is called the Fonz song.

80-103.

Hey.

That's the Hey Yes with the Fonz song.

That went all the way up to number one on the Billboard chart in 1976.

I remember their Marcus Welby song.

How did that go?

Marcus, he's our doc.

He's got the scalpel and the stethoscope.

He's our doc.

Marcus Welby.

He needs reform.

Robert Young.

I wanted to go with a young man and see if he would know.

I know you know.

You're the king of trivia.

Dana Gould is here.

This is Indy 103 Comedy Death Ray Radio.

We're on the World Wide Web.

Dana Gould is here.

This is Matt Bellnamp.

Joe Escalante.

You know, we were talking about Halloween before.

We're coming from an office building that is the Winchester Mystery House of office buildings.

The Winchester Mystery House is up in Northern California and it is a famous haunted house in America built by the daughter of the Winchester Rifle Fortune who was overwhelmed with guilt at the people that were murdered by the product of her family.

And so she had this crazy house and went insane and kept building rooms to, in her mind, house the souls of the people murdered by her family's company.

And so you go there and there's just like hallways that lead nowhere, stairs that lead nowhere, doors and it's a famous haunted house.

This is like that.

The variety building here in the beautiful mid-Wilshire district.

The Miracle Mile if I may be so bold.

You may be as bold as you like.

My first apartment was a tennis ball's throw from here in Los Angeles.

But you can't, one, there's no street access.

You can only get into the building by burrowing underground like a weevil.

They're filled with hallways that go nowhere.

There's three series of locked doors before the men's room and then you need a key to get in the men's room.

What is the theory with inside an office building, men's room with a lock, what is the hang up that someone unauthorized is going to have a bodily function?

In a building that you have to pass through security to get into.

So yeah, if I'm in, I'm in.

Yeah, there's a whole, there's a phalanx of homeless people pushing grocery carts down the hallways about, let people pee.

Let them pee.

I go to the, I was at the dentist this week, and I'm like, can I go to the bathroom and then you get like a key and a clipboard.

Who's in the tenth floor of the 9000 building walking around and what if they did pee?

No, no, no.

That's the better point.

It's much better that you pee in the hallway and the absorb ent rug than to use my urinal unauthorized.

Use the urinal, the system that is set up for such an item.

See here's the thing, and this is why I'm a comic legend.

I've realized as I've gone through life, my body, and the way that buses make diesel fumes, my body makes rage.

I exhale CO2 and I produce rage.

And when I was young and relevant, all my rage was very deep and personal because my life was not working right.

And I don't want to interrupt you.

Do we all hear that creepy haunted house door opening?

This is part of the haunted house thing.

Very good.

I apologize.

Go right ahead.

And like all my humor was about like, I'm unhappy, I'm miserable, I can't find a girlfriend, blah, blah, blah.

Well, things are pretty good now.

Right, you're happy, right?

So now you gotta find your rage on the toilet.

I get mad at buildings.

I get enraged by architecture.

You know what, Daniel, we have to go to the phones right now.

Well, architecture was the last word.

It sounded like the end of a sentence and so I thought it would be a good time to jump in.

And that's what I solved.

I have to interrupt.

No, I know I have to interrupt.

I know it was the last word of that sentence, you jackass.

I know that.

But look at this segue.

Look at this segue.

Speaking of rage, this gentleman on the phone and what do I do here, Joe?

He's at the bar, rage.

You know how to do this better on you.

Do I have to press a button?

No.

Oh, he's on the phone.

I got a gentleman here and again, the listener already knows this.

Stuart, the intern, set this interview up.

This is Kirk Rocker out of K-Rock 103 in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Apparently, he's a shock jock, Dana.

Yay.

And so let's, Kirk, welcome to the show, sir.

Yeah, what's up, man?

Well, we're just doing, you know, Indy 103, comedy death threat radio here and again, this intern booked you, not quite sure why.

How are you today?

Yeah, good, man.

What, you say you've been on radio for a long time?

Well, I come to a podcast more than radio and...

Yeah, podcast, man, whatever.

Here, listen, this is what I'm here to tell you about.

If you want to do radio, you got to be serious.

You got to go on there and you got to tell the truth, man.

You're true to yourself.

You're true to your listeners, man, and then you're going to rock.

So you're a gentleman.

You suggest that I speak from the heart, sort of what a Dana Gould does in comedy, you suggest doing that in radio.

Yeah, whatever, man.

I mean, I listen to the radio and I listen to these ass monkeys come on the radio when they kiss the corporate ass because the guys upstairs tell them to do this and do that and kiss the corporate ass and wear their three-piece suits , man, and then these guys go on there and then these ass-batchers come on there and they tell their stuff, man, and then they go home and they're not true to themselves, man.

I tell the truth.

It sounds like...

I show rocks, man.

And are you a talk show guy?

Do you do music?

It sounds like it might be...

I was told you were a bit of a shock jock.

Yeah, whatever.

You call me whatever you want.

You mean a guy that tells the truth and rocks?

Yeah, man.

Yeah, I get whatever I want out here in Salt Lake City and there's a lot of tight asses out here, man.

Well, I don't doubt that.

I mean, you're in a world that is...

They're ass monsters.

They listen and they call and they get all pissed off because they're asses, man.

Well, I don't care, man.

I don't care what I say.

They can suspend me if they want to.

Well, are they gonna suspend you?

I'm...

They're asses.

It sounds like...

No, it sounds like that...

Is this your bag, sir?

Everybody's an ass.

Is that...

Yeah, you wanna know who's the biggest ass?

Yes, I do.

Who's an asshole?

Meryl Osmond.

Meryl Osmond tries to shut me down, man, because he's an ass.

If I see Meryl Osmond, man, I'm gonna kick him right in his ass.

That's a challenge, Osmond.

Come on down, Osmond.

Hang on, Eric Kirk.

This is unclear.

Meryl Osmond, that's one of the older Osmond brothers, correct, sir?

Yeah, yeah, and he's got a problem, man.

He lives out here.

What are you listening to my show for then, Osmond?

Come on down.

See, that way you...

That's ass, bud.

You're making a good point.

Why doesn't he listen to you, Kirk?

Whatever, man, because he secretly listens because, man, we get this intern, his name is Assboy, and then we get Fruit Pie the magician to come in here, man.

He pulls up his cape and his ass is bare and we whack his ass on the air, man.

And then Twinkie the Kid swings from a rope and we slap his face with one of those paddle ball things, man.

Rocks.

It sounds like it rocks.

I envision Meryl sitting in his house listening to you in front of a pile of rocks.

In front of a pile of denim and a red hot bedazzler.

Yeah, whatever, man.

That's what he does.

He listens and then he gets all...

He gets his ass in a bunch about what I say, man.

Well, come on down.

Bring it down and bring your denim bedazzler, man.

I'll jam it up your ass, Assmond.

Have you ever had an interaction with this gentleman or is it all via email or does he complain to management, sir?

Yeah, he was here one time doing the country station in the same building and he's looking through the glass with this...

His face looks like my ass looking at me.

I'm like, bring it on, Assmond.

Whatever.

Ass Wrangler and all his ass brothers.

Yeah, the ass brothers.

When are you gonna go on concert with the ass brothers on tour, man?

That fruit pie the magician went out there and tied a rope on his neck.

Elastu, man.

He didn't like that.

And what time are you on during the day out there, Kirk?

If anybody is listening from the Salt Lake City area that's not familiar with...

I imagine...

Six to ten, man.

Every morning.

Six.

Deal with it, yeah.

I certainly will deal with it.

Are you a classic rock station, Kirk?

Yeah, we play whatever I wanna play.

That's what it is.

Well, I don't doubt that.

It sounds like you have management wrapped around your finger.

Hey, man, you wanna hear my song?

Yeah, of course I do.

This will tell you what I'm all about, man.

All right, ready?

Yeah.

Watching my dreams as they come to fruition, kicking the asses of my competition, ass boy the intern, and weight hookers and midgets, and midgets and swings.

These are a few of my favorite things.

Ass boy the intern and dick the technician, fruit twinkie the kid, and fruit pie the magician, drinking Red Jack from a big champagne glass, eating a tw inkie off some hot chick's ass.

Call me uncouth.

I just tell the truth with an air of class.

And if you don't appreciate my favorite things, then why don't you kiss my ass?

Hey, Kirk, we appreciate you calling in.

We've got a run here.

You're on from 6 to 10 there at K-Rock 103 in Salt Lake City.

We appreciate you calling in and taking some time with us.

Whatever.

We'll see you, Kirk.

That's high Mormon drive time.

That's great.

Kirk Rocker apparently upsetting some of the osmonds.

He calls them the ass-monds.

Kirk Rocker, K-Rock 103, Salt Lake City.

Anyhow, this is Comedy Death Ray Radio.

We are here.

We're sitting tight.

Paul Stanley will be in the studio shortly.

Dana Gould's still with us.

I was also a drummer.

I was the drummer during the Lick It Up era.

Oh, is that right?

I did not know that.

Yeah, that was me.

Oh, well, that's interesting to know.

What was Peter Criss thinking?

Like, when they're designing Kiss, like, Gene's gonna be like, I'm gonna be a demon.

I'm gonna have, like, dragon boots and a giant tongue and I 'll have, like, a bat figure on my...

And Paul Stanley's like, yeah, and I'll be just like the ultimate glam rocker.

Right.

Hair, chest, big red lips and a star.

And Peter Criss, yeah, I'll be a kitty cat.

I'll have, like, little whiskers and a collar and, like, ew !

Rock and roll kitty, give me your cream.

I'm gonna throw sardines at my drums.

He probably would be a hive.

Yeah.

You know what?

I'm gonna throw a little bit.

We could certainly ask him directly.

Yeah.

And the first time they put the makeup on, I was like, he is, he's gonna do the cat thing.

He's doing it, huh?

He's actually committing to the cat.

Guys, I need my whisker, I need my whisker paint!

Danny Gould is here, Paul Stanley right around the corner.

This is Comedy Death Ray Radio.

For whatever reason, when I first started doing standing up comedy at the comedy clubs around the country, every comedy club thought it would be fun to start the show with this song.

I don't get it.

It's not entertaining.

It's not fun.

It's not comedy.

It's not music.

Here's Jump in the Saddle with the Curly Shuffle.

Hey everybody, welcome to Chuckles Comedy Club.

We're hoping you're having a good time in here.

Give yourselves a hand for coming out tonight.

Oh god.

Hey, don't forget, turn off your, I was gonna say cell phones, but there were no cell phones when that song was being played before a comedy show.

They would play that, Danny, you mentioned it.

It was always that and a picture of Groucho, right?

Right.

And those were comedy clubs in the late 80s.

Yeah, and the picture, ironically, the picture of Groucho, because Groucho, famously smart, would have been booed off stage at that club.

There's no question he would have been.

It's like you're in front of, it's a picture of Chaplin and a picture of Groucho and, you know, it's like you'd start.

Have you ever thought, no, the guy's talking about his balls.

This is the company Death Ray Radio, Indy 103, Jimmy Pardo sitting in for the vacationing.

Scott Aukerman, Matt Belknap is here from the popular podcast, Never Not Funny.

Hey, Matt, let's do a very quick Matt Belknap half-assed tech segment.

Sure.

Well, you know, I forgot the title of the segment.

I'm not gonna lie to you.

Jimmy, you know, Apple is hot off the heels of their iPod Nano release.

It's the new one's got video and they're thinking about rev amping the iMac, but everyone's still abuzz about the unannounced rumor that they're working on a tablet, top secret stuff.

Good to hear.

What about the PC?

I don't use a PC.

That's been Matt Belknap with the half-assed tech moment.

Now back to comedy Death Ray Radio.

I'm Jimmy Pardo sitting in for the vacationing.

Scott Aukerman, Joe Escalante behind the boards, manning it like the gentleman he is.

Handling the ones and twos, potting it up and down when necessary.

Taking the phone calls when those come in.

Also handling requests, if you got any, give us a call.

591-ROCK-591-ROLL.

Paul Stanley right around the corner, Dana Gould to my left hand side, one of the best.

Where's Dana Gould gonna be performing if any of these fine people wanna come out and see ya?

I'm performing tonight at Comedy Meltdown on Beautiful Sunset Strip in Los Angeles, California.

I'm not familiar with Comedy Meltdown.

What is that program?

The Pines Comedy Meltdown.

It's in the performance area of Meltdown Comics.

I don't know anything about it.

If you go to Meltdown, it's a hipster haven, my friend.

If you don't have a suede jacket, if you're not writing on your hand, you should not be there.

I will not be there then. I'm a gentleman who never defaces palm.

Yeah, no, it's a great little alt comedy room.

You like it and the audiences are good?

Audiences are awesome. They come there for the show.

I'm the Blaine Capatch, top that, ya can't.

And Brian Kiley from The Tonight Show and Jonah Ray, not Jonah Hill.

Jonah Hill's busy making millions.

He doesn't need to perform in front of an Archie.

He's very funny. In front of an Archie. That's exactly where I perform. In front of Archie.

What's your favorite comic? Are you a comic guy? I don't know anything about you.

That sounds like a Byron Allen set up, but it's not. None of this is scripted with a Dana Gold.

I tend not to know. My favorite comics are my friends. And I like them because they're my friends.

I guess I meant comic book. What's your favorite? Are you a comic book guy?

Oh, yeah. No, I'm not. I appreciate them. To me, comic books are like Bruce Springsteen.

I appreciate them. I'm glad they're here. Doesn't really do anything for me.

But I don't think it's bad. It's just not my cup of mud.

You don't hear Born to Run and just come out. Here we go.

Absolutely nothing. It does nothing.

What do you like there? Are you a big band guy? Do you swing?

I am 40s on 4. The Swinging Years. Remember that radio show ?

I do.

Seventeen nurses were found beheaded in a ditch outside of Hayward, Texas.

1942. The Swinging Years.

I like your Elvis Costello, your Tom Waits, the music that I liked when I was coming of age.

And I like the old, I like some old stuff.

What do you like? The Turtles?

I like the old stuff. I always listen to some Swinging Years.

Nothing from the 70s or 80s other than the Waits and Cost ello?

No, my wife did high school so well. She loves all that 80s stuff.

To me, all the stuff that I liked in the 80s was stuff that was popular in the 80s because of people who hated the music of the 80s.

Like R.E.M. and X and stuff like that.

What about XTC? Did you enjoy them at all?

I love XTC. Oranges and Lemons.

Come on Skylar King. Very nice.

What's the other song? They have another song with a king in it. Don't they?

Yes. Well, the Mayor of Simpleton.

That's what I'm thinking of. He's not a king. He's a mayor.

He's running something.

He still has a title of some sort.

But like, I'm a big guy like you. I'm a big horror movie nerd. That's what I like.

I don't know if I'm as big as you are though. I'm not a big ... I like Dracula. I'm a big Bela Lugosi fan.

You don't have me, but I'm not like a...

That's what I liked. I liked the vampires back then. I don 't like what's happening today.

Your thoughts on that, sir?

Yeah, well, what's my beef? What's my beef about vampires?

I don't remember vampires being these young hot sexy guys.

They have a cape and a Hungarian accent. Nowadays I look like Jimmy Dean in Pazzi.

You know the weirdest thing is that at any given moment of any given day you're missing Jay Leno.

There you are. That show's great too. You've been watching?

No, I have to see it.

He doesn't like me.

Oh, is that true?

Hey, what's your beef with Jay?

I have no beef against Jay, but he doesn't like Andy Kind ler. Andy Kindler and Jay have a famous public view.

They have a very famous view.

Well, in 1995 or 1996 there was an article in a review of an uncabaret show, if you remember.

Sure I do. Over there at the Luna Park.

Yeah, and Andy and I closed the show with a bit called Duel ing Lenos, which I don't remember, but I'm sure I did.

And that was all they said, but that was enough.

And that was enough to set Jay off.

Since then, like two or three times I've gotten a call from somebody like, why don't you do the Tonight Show? Alright.

And then suddenly they're like, yeah, we're not going to be booking anybody. And I go, stop. Stop asking me. I don't care.

It gets up to Jay and he says no.

Yeah, I get other people. I'm fine. It doesn't affect me.

Go. Stop asking.

And then they said, would you like to do a test show for the new show?

Like, you know, because I do real time with Bill Maher a lot.

Right.

So they wanted somebody on like a panel that could talk.

I said, alright. And then I said, make sure Jay knows you 've asked me.

And then suddenly, no, we're not going to be doing the test show.

But what I like is he has more money. Can you swear on this show?

Absolutely.

Here's how Jay makes most of his money. He eats wood pulp and shits money.

And you know, it's still bunch of.

Yeah, that guy.

Isn't something I assume 15 years ago.

Why does he hold a grudge?

25 years ago, I think he did something.

It's ridiculous.

Maybe he doesn't. Maybe he just thinks I'm not funny.

Also legitimate.

Nah, I disagree with that.

Here's his review of me to somebody. I sound like it bugs me and it really doesn't.

Well, you're doing it for humor.

I'm doing it for humor.

I get it.

Yeah, my wife works. It doesn't affect me.

Somebody said to him, I was for better or worse considered an alternative comedian.

For better or worse. And there's plenty of both.

Absolutely.

And so somebody said, buddy, you have data on the show.

And his review was, I guess this is his attitude towards all of the alt scene.

If you want to be a museum. No, if you want to be an artist , go work at a museum.

Because that's where artists work.

They pack a nice lunch. They get the bus at the corner.

They go to the museum. They clock in.

And they start with their artistry.

You know what's interesting about this?

Honestly, I have nothing against him.

I have nothing against Jay either.

And I know, and let me say a good thing about him.

I know he's done incredibly kind things for people.

He's a nice man.

He has paid.

He brought donuts out to the pickle.

He has paid. Yes.

I know people whose surgeries he has paid for.

Yeah, I know.

I don't have a problem.

He's a, I think what's interesting about Jay, and let's not get too inside here.

But what he was doing on Leno with that, what's your beef, that sort of thing.

I think that would have flown in the alternative rooms at that time.

He was doing stuff different than the observation guy.

All the alternative thing was, it was just like non-hacks.

Because it had nothing to do with, you know, are you being true? Is this a real story?

You know, it's like if you were funny, who cares?

I don't disagree with that. But I think...

You're not talking about your audition. And there's no punch, and you have a punch line.

Get out of here. That's not what it was.

It's a lie, but that's kind of what it became in the open mic versions of alternative comedy.

It became a lot of that.

Yeah, but it was just about being sincere.

And if you were a joke writer, and that's what you did, and you were sincere about it, that was good too.

I don't disagree with that. And I'm not disagreeing with a lot.

I don't know, you're taking a tone that I do not care for.

You're taking your anger out at Leno that apparently you don't have any anger on at me.

I got no problem with Jay Leno.

I don't have any anger on Jay Leno.

Hey, I agree with you. There's a thing about alternative you don't get part of.

Jimmy, 20 minutes ago he was angry at architecture.

Yeah. I'm not angry at Jay Leno. Here's 30 minutes on him.

Eddie Gould is here. This is Comedy Death Ray Radio. This is a song...

No, who else I hate? Lana Turner!

We'll be back with more on indie 103. This is a song called Star Trekkin'.

Star Trekkin' across the universe Fully going forward as things are getting worse Star Trekkin', Star Trekkin', Star Trekkin' what a horrible song May be worse than the Fonzie I thought I found the worst one with the Fonzie The Fonzie one I actually owned the 45 of. I remember when they announced it was going to come on They played it on the radio, that Fonzie song. And my mom said, what do you think of that song?

I said, it's awful. And then the next day I was playing the 45 and she said, I thought you thought it was awful.

And I just went, ayyyyyyy. That's a true story.

You can have the Fonzie or Mr. Jaws.

How bad is Mr. Jaws in retrospect? Remember at the time you 're 10 and you're like, that's genius.

Mr. Jaws, what do you think? Good luck!

I just wonder what the song is if you still remember.

I have no idea. Pat and I were actually just talking about that.

Have you ever heard Albert Brooks' Party from Outer Space?

Yes. Fun.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Wow, I just met Lassie.

That's Dana Gould, he's sitting in with us. He's here for the full hour.

Comedy Death Ray Radio, Jimmy Pardo filling in for the vacationing draft dodging.

He's not vacationing, he's working. He's just in another country.

I'm calling it vacationing. I'm calling it anything but what it really is.

Him performing in front of people north of the border.

Eskimos.

He's performing for Eskimos.

Up there. People ice fishing.

That's what they're doing, right? In September? They're ice fishing, right?

They get the dogs ready, certainly.

Have you ever gone ice fishing?

No.

Oh, I have ice fished a lot. I was there while people ice f ished.

Really?

Yeah. Because I grew up in New England.

You love it.

It's the dumbest thing ever. You go out in the ice.

Yeah.

You saw a hole in the ice. You stick a thing down there.

By thing? You're talking about a fishing pole, right?

Well, no.

I just want to make sure.

No, it's not a fishing pole.

I'm not dropping my cock into it.

You're wrong.

It's a contraption. There's a T and then a flag on a wire attached to the string or the wire or whatever the fishing ...

The line?

Line. Thank you.

And then when the fish bites the bait, it pulls the string, it sets up the flag.

So you have all these holes in the ice and then you're cold so people build a fire on the ice.

Do you see how physics is not brought into this equation?

I do. These are not scientists.

Yeah. And then you just hear occasionally like you're cold and then you hear, flag!

And people go running across the ice to get the fish out.

And then you grill it up on that aforementioned fire?

Yeah.

Or do you throw it back? What if you threw it back after you ice fished?

No. You threw it back.

Plop. Right back into the hole.

It doesn't hurt the fish. I remember my dad saying that. It doesn't hurt the fish.

And you know that how?

Yeah.

Dana Gold is angry at Jay Leno and his father. He's here with us for the full hour.

Right now though, Dana, we've got to bring him into the studio. We're lucky to have him.

We can't believe I'm meeting him.

The first time that I did Comedy at the Death Ray Radio, we had this gentleman on the phone.

And he had what is in the top one worst receptions in the history of telephones.

We couldn't make heads or tails of anything he had to say.

We're lucky to have him here today.

And Joe, will you hand me that piece of paper that's right behind you?

There's a piece of paper underneath that, is there not?

There it is. He is here promoting. He's got a brand new, I don't know if it's a website as much as, are they videos?

What is he promoting, Matt?

I think it's a video blog.

He's got a video blog called Ask Star Child.

Or Dear Star Child.

Dear Star Child. And he is answering, I could ask him about this, he's answering questions that people send in.

Apparently, yeah.

Alright, he's here promoting that. Please welcome from the legendary rock band, Kiss, Paul Stanley. Hello, Paul.

How you doing, Jimmy Prado?

It's actually Pardo, Paul.

It's really great to be here on your radio show.

Well, it's a pleasure to have you.

Thanks!

Paul Stanley is here, we're lucky to have him.

I'm a big fan of Dana Gold.

I think it's cool.

Thank you, Paul.

Yeah, I used to love some of the stuff he would do on that Saturday Night Live like that church lady.

That's Dana Carvey, Paul.

She likes Satan!

Paul, that's Dana Carvey.

Yeah, and she doesn't like Satan.

Yeah, she likes Satan, and you were great on Saturday Night Live.

Again, that's not him. This gentleman worked on The Simpsons for a long time, a terrific stand-up comedian.

I love The Simpsons.

Just let him go.

Just let him have it.

You guys are gearing up for this new tour.

You live here in Los Angeles now, Paul.

You're originally from New York City, right?

That's right, I'm from NYC.

The Big Apple?

You know it.

And what, uh, did you miss anything about New York, Paul?

Oh, that's easy, Jimmy. I miss a lot of things about New York City.

What do you miss?

Basically, I miss the silence of the city at sunrise.

I mean, that's when the city is just so silent and everyone , you know, this whole world comes together.

What are you doing? Why are you inside? Are you just getting in? Are you still out all night like the rock star that you are, Paul?

Well, Jimmy, I was a little late today because my limousine was giving me a little bit of trouble.

You were tardy with the program.

That's right.

And women like you because you're a limousine, right?

Oh, they really like my limousine. They like my seven-inch.

Leather heels.

And something else, Jim.

What do they like, buddy?

My heels.

That a boy.

I miss the street.

Also from New York, I miss some of the treats that you can get on the street.

Oh, yeah? What do you miss?

Oh, you know, soft pretzels.

What?

Soft pretzels.

A sauce pretzel?

Soft pretzels.

Oh, soft pretzels.

Snow cones, etc.

Occasionally, you'll find a guy with a blanket selling some old crossword puzzle magazines.

That's right, Dana Gold.

Do you like crosswords?

I do like. I like to go up. I like to go down.

I don't doubt that, Paul.

You're starting this new thing. You're doing this blog, this Ask Star Child.

Dear Star Child. What's it called?

Dear Star Child.

Dear Star Child. Where can they find? Paul, where can they find these?

You can find that on YouTube.

And so you've done a, obviously, it's your newest thing.

I wouldn't call it StarTube, but they would let me.

I don't doubt that. And I'm sure Simmons probably had something to say about that, huh?

Gene Simmons owns air.

Every time you breathe, you actually pay Gene Simmons a couple of bucks.

Is that right?

That's true.

You've done a lot of things in your career.

Is there anything that, like this new venture, when you take on something new, is there anything that scares a Paul Snell?

Oh, Jimmy, I have a lot of fears. I have myoxophobia.

I don't know what that is.

Well, that's a fear of snails and slugs.

Again, Dana, you're allowed to laugh at the microphone.

Sometimes I can't even walk outside at night for fear that I'll step on one.

What scares you more, the snail or the slug, Paul?

Oh, both, because they're both so slimy. They give me the creeps.

A snail is just a slug dressed for battle.

And I don't like the idea of stepping on a snail because you hear that crunch and then the slime.

Oh, you're grossing me out, Prado.

Again, it's Pardo, Paul.

Give it to the star child.

I keep mentioning this upcoming tour. What can the fans expect to see?

Well, we've got a new album that's going to drop on October 6th. It's called Sonic Boom.

What's that? I'm sorry?

Sonic Boom.

And it comes out October 1?

October 6th.

And the name of it is Sonic Boom?

I'm sorry, I don't know what you're saying. It's Sonic Boom .

I understand. And so Sonic Boom comes out 10.609.

This thing drops in stores nationwide. Can I get it in any store?

No, you can only get it at Walmart Superstore.

They're going to have something called a Kiss Corner set up where you can buy all our CDs.

Oh, is that right? So it sounds like that's exclusive then?

Oh, it's exclusive to Walmart Superstore.

We wanted to call it Wall Kiss, but they wouldn't let us.

I would imagine Simmons has something to say about that.

He does. You know that he owns the ground you walk on.

I know that now.

Every time you take a sip, you owe him 25 cents.

Quarter of a dollar?

That's right.

So what can the fans expect on this new tour?

You can expect to hear Kiss music the way it was meant to be played.

What does that mean?

Well, you're going to get to hear the best musicians.

Are you guys not playing?

I'm sorry, what did you say?

I apologize. That was insulting. You are a guest. Go right ahead.

My headphones crapped out for a second. But you're going to hear drums by Eric Singer.

Oh, he's terrific.

You're going to hear guitars by Tommy Sayre.

Gene Simmons on bass and of course me, Paul Stanley.

You're on lead vocal and you also play?

Whoa! I play a little bit of rhythm guitar.

I understand that. And are you going to be doing stuff from your entire catalog?

Well, I will be whipping out my love gun if that's what you mean.

That's not what I meant.

That's my first attempt at humor tonight.

I can't hang with Danny Gold and the Prado. These guys are funny, but I try.

Well, musicians, you guys have your own sense of humor.

Yeah, I'll tell you who's really funny. Sammy Hagar.

Is that right?

Oh, he does it. Sometimes in his resort, the Cabo Wabo, he gets up and does a few minutes.

And the Red Rocker you're speaking of?

Yeah, that's what he calls himself when he does stand-up.

What kind of a joke would the Red Rocker do, Paul?

Oh, he'd say like, knock, knock.

Who's there?

Tequila.

Tequila who?

Drink it up, baby.

Well, that's horrible.

Well, he's funny though. It's a presentation.

People get a nice charge out of that.

They do.

I don't doubt that. I've seen Sammy Hagar in concert. He throws something on stage, he ends up wearing the thing, Paul.

Oh my God, you can throw up a brassiere, or you can throw up a stapler, anything. He'll put it on.

Does a rock star, Paul Stanley, do you go to concerts?

I'm sorry, I didn't know the intern was allowed to speak.

Jimmy Lee, will you ask him if he ever goes to a concert?

I apologize. That's Matt Bell and that'd be from the very popular podcast, Never Not Funny.

Not an intern. Stu is the... He probably met Stu.

Oh yeah, I asked him if he goes, would you like a drink?

And I said yes. And he said, what do you want? I said, I'd like a Coca Cola.

And he said, we don't have Coca Cola. So I said, water. And he brings me out a cup of water. That sucks.

You were expecting a bottle, were you, Miles?

I was expecting them. I wasn't expecting styrofoam.

You can put those in the blue containers now, by the way.

Styrofoam, you're allowed to recycle that.

Yes, young man, you had a question.

Do you like going to concerts?

I do. I like some of the old bands. I like Kansas.

And I like, yes. And then I like some of the new bands too.

I like the Killers and I like Franz Ferdinand.

It must be hard to stay au courant with the new bands.

That's right.

He means current, Paul.

I know what he means. I've been to France.

You ever been to London?

Is this going to end with something with my underpants?

You're damn right it is, Paul.

Oh, that's Sammy Hagar too. That's interesting. I think you were stealing some jokes from Sammy.

Here's my impression of Sammy Hagar working the audience.

How fast can you drive, sir?

Forty-eight.

I drive forty-five. I can't do it.

Can't do it.

You guys are funny. I can't hang with you guys.

Paul Stanley is here. He's got a new blog called Dear Star Child. You can find it over there at YouTube.

Can you connect to it through Pardcast.com?

Oh, can you connect to it?

We should put a link on Pardcast.com.

Okay, let's do that just for like a couple of days.

It'll be up on AspecialThing.com too.

Okay, let's do that.

We got a call from Gene Simmons.

Hey, Jimmy, it's Gene. I need to talk to you about the money in the podcast.

You know what? I kind of hope he does. I hope he sues these guys for doing this and then they get a lot of publicity.

That's what I hope.

Gene Simmons and Marty Kraft sound very similar.

Who would say Marty Kraft, you idiot? That's a compliment.

I know, I know, Marty. That's how Marty talks.

Well, I have to take your word for it.

Dana, it's Marty. What are you doing?

Why are you talking to Marty Kraft?

See, I think Gene sounds a little bit like Joe Barbera.

Joe Barbera.

What about Sid? You get along with Sid Kraft?

Yeah, they're lovely men. I know them both.

Paul, do you know Sid?

I do. I'm a big fan of Sigmund and Seamons.

You like Johnny Quest? I know that's not related.

No, that's Hanna-Barbera. I do like Linzville.

I believe Hanna-Barbera. Didn't Hanna-Barbera produce Kiss Meets the Phantom of the Park?

Yes, they did. We had a lot of fights with them.

You guys did not. That was a very contentious production.

Contentious, yes.

Yes, it was. We wanted the script to be just a little bit more fun.

It was all so serious and scary.

Yes, it was. Dana, you had a follow-up?

Well, yeah. You know, Anthony Zerbe had script approval and that was a good one.

God rest his soul.

Did we lose him?

I don't know.

We're going to assume he's dead, right?

I think he's dead.

God rest it.

I think he's still alive.

Let's Google that. Are you Googling it? You don't know what that is, Matt.

No, I have no idea.

He's a cool guy. I met him once.

You've talked to Zerbe?

I've been in an elevator with him.

Where's he going? What meeting is he taking?

I was in Denver at the Comedy Cube where they housed the comedians.

He was in town doing the Crucible at the Denver Arts Center .

He walked in the elevator and I said, what are you doing here?

He said, I'm at the Crucible. I said, oh, that's so funny.

I just watched The Omega Man like two weeks ago.

As he walked out of the elevator, he looked back at me and he went, remember, the family is one.

Then he shut the door.

What a great meeting.

Then four hours later, we were both in the gym and I didn't talk to him because our last meeting was so good.

I'm going to ruin it.

You don't want to taint that?

One other thing I wanted to say was, I'm queer.

What do you say?

I like frozen grapes.

Hey, we're out of time here coming to Death Ray Radio.

Paul Stanley, thank you for coming in today.

Thanks for having me.

A pleasure. We can look for the dear star child.

Matt Belknap, I thank you for your tech moment.

You're welcome.

Stu, I would thank you, but that interview sucked.

With Kirk Rocker, I didn't appreciate you booking him.

Joe Escalante, I thank you as I always do each and every time I fill in for the vacationing.

Scott Aukerman, Danny Gold, I can't thank you enough for stopping by.

Yeah, where are we going now?

I was told we'd hang.

What's that?

Worst song of all your bad songs.

We got the worst of all of them?

Yes.

Do I know what it is?

D.D. Ramone's Funky Man.

Here is D.D. Ramone with Funky Man.

Jimmy Pardo, Comedy at Death Ray Radio.

We'll see you next time.

D.D. Ramone.
