It's a pre-summertime Womp Up the Jams edition of Comedy Bang Bang this week. We have Wampler. We have Listler.

This is the one you've all been waiting for. Let's Womp It Up! All of that and more all on today's!

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Life moves pretty fast, so smelling the roses and instead ... wait? Oh my gosh I think this is the first time I've ever messed up a catch phrase. Did you just have a seizure? Who smells toast?

Ohhhhhh Old man. Drop.

Life moves pretty fast, so smelling the roses and in... no!

He wrote this wrong. It's not me! What's going on?

This is not fortuitous beginning to this podcast.

So each week, by the way, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, each week I read a fan submitted, and maybe they're not fans, maybe they hate the show, I don't know, a person submitted.

50-50. Let's say it's 50-50 from what I'm reading on the tweets. Great movie, even better percentage.

But...

Cancer. You just probably... you messed up the beginning, then you brought up cancer within the first 30 seconds of this podcast.

Marissa, how do you know what that movie's about? That's an adult movie. Come on. That's true.

So what happens is I read a catchphrase submitted by a person and usually there is a heading for their... it's from the Earwolf message boards.

Usually there's a title and then an actual message under the title. Now it was correct under the title, but I was reading the one that they wrote as the message and it's incorrect.

I feel like I'm listening to a story like by my dad, from my dad. He's like, sit down Marissa, let me tell you a story, and I'm like, wake me when you're done. Are we done? Your real dad or Seth?

Oh my god. Last time we talked on the Wampacular, you called him your dad several times.

No, I just called him my dad again. I don't know what's going on. I hope he doesn't listen to this.

He probably won't after meeting him the last time. He didn 't seem to have much time.

Okay, but let me explain what's going on. Let me do the catchphrase first. Life moves pretty fast, so stop smelling the roses and instead learn how to slow down time. Okay, not bad, but get it right on both ends.

You know what I mean?

That's what she said.

Marissa.

Guess who's here? It's Lissler!

Lissler's also here. Let me explain. By the way, thanks to Kolt for that submission.

I'm Scott Aukerman and let me explain what's happening right now.

It's happening. We haven't heard from her since the Christmas Wamp-tacular.

We haven't heard from either of them, but Marissa Wampler is here as my...

Womp it up!

Womping up the jams as we speak.

And you heard her just milliseconds ago, if not a few seconds.

Yeah.

Miss Lissler, or just Lissler, sorry.

Aukerman.

God, he's really off to a bad start.

However you want to address me is fine.

Rick, I can call you Miss Lissler now?

You can call me Char, Charlotte.

Char-dog?

I didn't, maybe I didn't know that was your...

Char-town races?

Your first name. Did we ever talk about that?

Charlotte Lissler?

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

I have to call her Miss Lissler, especially now.

The reason why Miss Lissler is here with me is because it's school.

We got out of the afternoon for school, so she has to come with me.

If you've never heard Marissa before on the show, or Liss ler, or Miss Lissler, or Charlotte Lissler, let me explain what is happening.

A few years back, Marissa Wampler was my intern for the comedy, it was Death Ray at the time, at Indie 103.1.

Ugh, that place.

The bunker.

Yeah.

And you were my...

The rape den.

Did you get raped in the...

Yeah, I feel like I might have, and it's going to take a lot of therapy with Miss Lissler.

Miss Lissler giving you therapy?

We got a cocoon, we got to cocoon it out, but I feel like something happened there, and I'm not sure what.

As I recall, it was voluntary wall kissing.

Yeah, that's true.

Wall kissing?

Well, there was carpet.

Am I right that there was carpet covering the wall in this horrible place?

Yeah, of course.

She was prat.

Better sound.

Someone had given her the advice that she needed to practice on her kissing.

And so you thought the tactile sort of sensation of the wall and the carpet on the wall being like a fear.

I may or may not have rubbed up against your wall, okay?

Moving on dot org.

The wall...

Moving on!

It's nothing like a rape den.

Moving on.

Not with the wall.

I raped myself.

Is it still rape when you rape yourself?

No, you're raping the walls.

The wall took it too far, from what I understand.

No means yes.

Oh my goodness.

Okay.

Okay, but so you're a high school at the time, I believe you were a freshman.

Yes.

I can't really remember.

Yeah, that was the summer before my freshman year.

I was thinking about college, you know, getting some things on the app.

Extra curricular.

That was before Ms. Lissler came into my life.

Now college is a distant dream that will probably never be ...

Not everyone is right for college, Marissa.

You've taken your sophomore year twice at this point.

Yeah, I've taken it twice.

Just about at the end of it.

But you're a young girl and you very quickly...

Ew, don't make it...

Oh, God, it's so gross.

All I said is you're a young girl.

Okay, all right, please.

What is creepy about that?

I'm 16 years old.

Young woman?

Would you prefer young woman?

I'd just prefer him not to look at me while we're doing this podcast.

Marissa, I care for you and I want to make sure that...

I want you to put on those blinders, like with the...

Like one time I went to Central Park...

Clydesdales?

What time?

Yeah, I went to Central Park and we did like a carriage ride.

I want him to have those blinders so he can't look to the right or left of him.

Who took you to Central Park?

Just straight ahead.

Seth.

Just Seth and you?

Well, no, Seth and Diane were there for a medical conference.

We were staying at the Sheridan in Times Square, so they brought me.

And I only saw them for literally 15 minutes.

The rest of the time they let me walk around Manhattan by myself.

So they took you on a carriage ride and then said you're on your own?

Yeah, I was on my own.

I went to FAO Schwartz, I sat in the lap of a gigantic stuffed gorilla.

It was like the time of my life.

You were safe.

What about the M&M store?

You were safe. I was watching.

You what?

God, I don't know what to...

Did you notice?

No.

What do you mean?

You were in New York that weekend?

That's right, I was watching.

From where?

From everywhere.

Oh my God.

It's a sniper's gift.

That's right.

Miss Lissler used to be a sniper back in the Falklands, was it?

That's right.

And you were in the first Iraq war?

Is that correct?

I was in Afghanistan.

You were in Afghanistan.

So anyway, you very quickly jumped on mic that first show.

Yeah, I threw on the cans, I jumped on the mic.

The public ate it up.

Ate it up and then you didn't return for several months.

No, I had a lot to do.

I had a lot going on.

You were on the college track at that point.

Yeah, I was on the college track and then I enrolled in a special advanced learning program.

STARS, the STARS program.

The STARS program.

Right.

The STARS program.

It's a little more like the STARS television network, you know, with all the weird stuff going on there.

Well, we do dress in medieval garb every Tuesday, if that's what you mean.

That is exactly what I meant.

And yes, the STARS program, well, Miss Lissler, why don't you just give the folks at home...

Miss Lissler is your teacher.

Yes.

So explain what we do at the STARS program.

Well, I was technically.

I no longer work for the school program, which actually gives me a lot more freedom to do the kind of work that I really want to do.

Field research.

Following Marissa around and Seth?

Well, it'll be, you know, it'll be afternoon, evening work, weekend work, some early morning work.

A lot of early morning work lately.

That's when your muscles are the most toned.

So I did, I was employed.

I, you know, I do have a degree in education from Phoenix University and so I was hired to teach this STARS program and it lasted for a couple sem esters.

Were you hired to teach the STARS program or were you hired as a teacher and you started this thing in the school basement?

I was hired as a special ed teacher, to be honest.

Well, we don't, that's not why we were chosen.

Why were we chosen?

Because of your, because I was testing you without you knowing.

Because we're special.

And I chose the three of you.

Marissa, we've talked about this.

I think you were in a special ed program because of your learning disabilities.

No, I wasn't.

I have a problem with listening.

I have no attention.

They don't even call it attention deficit disorder.

I literally do not pay attention to anything or anybody.

There's just no attention.

I don't have it.

It just literally has no attention.

Yeah, there's not a deficit.

It just, it's a lack of attention.

But that's all you've taught me is my gift.

Right.

Yeah.

And there's only three people in the program.

Me, Gutterballs, as, which, you know, we've had a team.

We've had a tortured past and a guy named Rodney who wears six or seven trench coats at a time.

Right, yeah.

And he, does he, I can't remember, does he peel them off one at a time or he keeps them all on at the same time?

All on at the same time.

Oh, except for apparently Gutterballs has seen them without them.

But we, I mean.

In the showers or?

We think there was a secret pool party.

Oh.

At my pool.

At your pool?

Wait, in your condo?

At my condo complex in Marina Del Rey.

What?

You think that they were using your pool and didn't invite you?

Apparently they came in in the middle of the night and did like a midnight swim.

What?

And, and I don't know if it was.

You can't swim during the day because his skin would burn off.

Oh, right.

Yeah, he's like one of those ghost fish that you find in caves.

There's a Nancy Drew where they find a bunch of these ghost fish and you can see their insides.

That's what Rodney's like.

Or like that phenomenal film, The Descent.

Right, of course.

Oh, God.

That scares me.

Did you give them the security code?

Is that how they got in?

Yeah.

I mean, we both had it because we, I hate to say dated.

We dated briefly.

Right.

I mean, whatever that was.

And you guys are just friends now.

We talked about this last time.

Yeah, we're trying to be friends.

We're trying to be friends.

Eric Gutterman.

There's a connection and it's worth, you know, it's worth dedication.

We're in couples counseling, even though we're not a couple .

Wait, you and another 16 year old boy are in couples counseling?

Yeah, with Ms. Lissler.

What?

And that's what you're doing early in the morning?

She thought it was a good idea.

Yes, we meet at 6 a.m. at the track.

We do some bootcamp work to cut out the bullshit, you know, get down to the emotional core because when your body is tight, you can't really release the pain.

How is Gutterball's looking then if he's doing this boot camp?

Really ripped.

Wow.

Because I mean, on Christmas when we were talking to him, he looked like a man made out of pipe cleaners.

Right.

Yeah.

Nope.

He's very ripped.

But no change with you, I've noticed.

You're still just the upside down muffin.

Pair of shapeless ever.

Look like, yeah, like Grimace meets the Pyramids meets upside down blueberry muffin.

Yeah.

So what's not happening?

Even a muffin that they poured it in and too much got out, do you know what it became like one of those gigantic muffins?

The muffin you throw away.

That's Marissa.

But you know what?

You know what?

That is the nastiest thing I think anyone has ever said to me.

I want to tell you this.

Sometimes they just take the top of the muffin and they just sell that part.

I want you to know that.

Hey, you should use that for your greeting card company.

Are you going to use that for your greeting card?

I sure will.

Write it down.

Are you suggesting that we sort of cut Marissa in half and just use the top part of her?

This is the kind of, you need to come out and do some of our routines.

We do, she puts a lot of trash cans, she's hollowed out trash cans and we climb through them.

You need to get out there with us.

What is happening though with your body that it's not affecting you the way that it's affecting gutter ball?

She's got so much glute strength.

Her ass.

Oh, usually I've heard of brute strength, but glute strength.

Glute strength.

Yeah.

And so we do a lot of stair runs, a lot of garbage crawls, and that only reinforces your glutes, your thighs, which is her target area.

I thought it would slim her down, but what it's doing is be eping it up.

It's making it worse.

Yeah.

It's making it worse and swimsuit season's coming.

What's your diet by the way?

What do you normally eat?

I mostly eat Pop-Tarts.

Sometimes I put cream cheese on the Pop-Tart.

And then for dinner, you know, Diane and Seth go out to dinner a lot.

They don't bring you alone?

They don't bring me.

They say- They bring you leftovers.

They need private time.

Well, they need private time and also we're on a budget, you know?

So usually I'll just have a DiGiorno pizza.

A whole DiGiorno pizza.

Yeah, usually a whole DiGiorno pizza to myself.

That's a lot of carbs.

Yeah, it's mostly carbs.

I'm on an all-carb diet, but that's, you know, per Lissler 's suggestion, of course.

Really?

You do a DiGiorno pizza and you scrape off the cheese and the pepperoni and everything?

Yeah, I only eat the crusts.

Oh, gosh.

Sometimes I'll make like two DiGiornos and then make a sandwich out of the crust, put a little cream cheese in between.

Yeah.

So.

You know that if you changed your diet, you could probably change your body.

Who would want that?

Then I wouldn't have that same kind of food strength.

Then you wouldn't be able to eat.

Yeah.

So yeah, things are going real well.

Here's some news.

Diane's pregnant.

Whaaaaat?

I have not met Diane, by the way.

And you never will.

Because she hates your program and she hates that I'm involved in it.

She was very upset by the one I'm talking about.

She did not listen to it, but a couple of the nurses in her practice did and said that I used words that were inappropriate for a 16-year-old.

Well, I thought that Seth was a little more inappropriate, to be honest.

Listen, Seth showed up.

You know, remember Chris Matthews says, you gotta show up at the baseball game of life.

You know, you gotta play.

You know?

I've never heard him say that.

He said that in an address.

What was it?

The Gettysburg Address?

We learned it.

We watch a lot of Chris Matthews in the STARS program.

Watch a lot of it, listen to him.

Sometimes I'll just transcribe it.

We've got whole journals.

Sometimes we make clay models of his face.

Oh, okay.

Like in the Lionel Richie video.

Right.

Okay, this is how I see you.

Right.

This is how he sculpts the lion's face.

Except it's Chris Matthews.

At any rate, Diane's preg, so Seth's dick still works, which is disgusting.

What I want to know is why does her system work, because I was informed that she was infertile.

Who informed you of that?

Seth?

Himself?

Seth told you that?

Maybe Seth's dick didn't work.

Do you ever think about that?

Or Diane's doctor.

Have you been trying to get her medical records?

It's not hard to get confidential medical information.

I think I saw a Melrose Place episode like this.

Have you been wearing someone else's face as a mask and you went in?

All I'm saying is they might have stolen some of my eggs and put them in Diane.

What are you doing?

This is outrageous.

We haven't even gotten to a break yet and we're having this kind of revelation?

By the way, Lissler's obsessed with Seth.

We haven't talked about the asparagus in the, what was it?

The asparagus impression left in the...

Oh, a white asparagus impression was left in the Greek fag et yogurt.

And it was his hard member.

Turn around, as I recall, and two hours went by and he just stayed there with the asparagus in the Greek yogurt.

Shows a lot of strength.

But his dick didn't go down.

It stayed hard for two straight hours.

That's the only thing that can make that sort of impression .

Yeah, because it wasn't like an impression of what was something that was hard and then got soft.

It was as if you saw a fossil, do you know what I mean?

And it was trapped in a layer of sediment.

Yeah, an amber, exactly.

At any rate.

So it wasn't a drag out either.

Wait, I'm sorry.

My brain is reeling here.

So not only will you have a little brother or a little sister, do you call them steps?

No, it's a half?

I guess a half brother or half sister.

Yeah, it's a step.

What is it?

It's a half?

It's a halfy.

That sounds racist.

I think I've talked about that on the show before with Kul ov.

Yeah, why?

Is Kulov, is your wife a half?

No, just if we were to have children, we would have a halfy .

Wouldn't it be a quarter?

No, it would be a half.

You're right.

What kind of aspersions are you casting upon her?

I felt like someone else would have to be involved.

Refer to work with you and Kulov.

Maybe we'll get Lissler's eggs in here.

Wait a second.

Okay, so yes, Diane did go through rounds and rounds of in vitro.

And Seth was afraid of needles, so I had to inject her.

And it was so, so inappropriate.

Where were you injecting her?

In her butt.

I had to just...

I meant what room?

Oh, in our great room.

Okay, good.

In the condo's great room.

And at any rate...

I love a good great room.

One egg took, and so she's been a real F and B about it.

Just complaints, complaints, complaints.

How many months along is she?

She's four and a half months.

And they're telling me that I need to move out of the crawl space that is my room.

They want you to move on dot org from there?

Yeah, they want to move on dot org.

Where are they going to put you?

Well, by the way, that's not even going to be the nursery.

There is a separate room for the nursery.

Then why do they want you to move out?

They said to store the stroller.

Just to put the stroller in there.

So I got to move out now.

You're going to sleep on the couch?

So where are you going to go?

I don't know.

I might, I might emancipate myself at this point.

It's getting really bad.

That might be best.

Yeah.

Or maybe I'll come live with you and cool up.

I heard you're redoing your bathroom.

Well, you know, I mean, that may be a little bit of a problem with the redoing of the bathroom.

Soapstone marble?

I'm interested.

I'd be a great roommate or maybe I'll go live with the sh ard dog.

I don't know, but it's, it's bad news.

Yeah.

This is, this whole sleep in my bed.

You said it could be your eggs.

What was that about?

No, you could sleep in my trundle.

Wait, is that a?

It's a trundle bed.

Oh, I thought it was a euphemism.

You could sleep in my trundle.

It does sound similar to like a joey.

The space above a woman's vagina.

The trundle.

Like a joey pack.

Like where the joey sits.

Right?

You don't have one of those.

Do you have a flap of skin?

Yeah.

Do you have one that could crawl into?

I could easily have one installed.

I don't know if you would fit.

Installed or attached?

Installed sounds like you're a car.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Every woman, every woman has space for a joey patch.

I don't, that's not a, that's not a real, like a nature.

If we went on the nature channel, you would not hear them call it a joey patch.

Well, it's just an external uterus.

Have you ever had anything else installed on your body?

Certainly.

What else have you had?

What?

To hide knives in?

Look, I'm still very worried that I'm going to be going to my car one day.

You're off the list list.

Oh, the list list list.

Who's on it right now, Seth?

This guy named Kareem.

Kareem?

Wait, this isn't Abdul Jabbar, is it?

No.

This isn't the guy from the 7-Eleven.

Yeah.

Oh, the guy, you're still pissed at him about the slushy incident?

That's right.

What's the slushy incident again?

It's just when I filled up the entire cooler with slushy because it said, it didn't say that what kind of receptacle you had to use.

I thought you guys made up.

We did make up.

And then he tried to...

He brought you to Ethiopian food, if I remember correctly.

That's right.

Where to where you work?

Where, which is nowhere?

No, they went out to it.

No, he took me to an Ethiopian restaurant.

Oh my goodness.

So this is like a date.

I wouldn't call it a date.

He's got a family.

He's got seven children.

Okay.

But did he call it a date?

He didn't call it anything.

He said, I want to go eat flatbread food with you.

And I said, let's do it.

You put on makeup though.

One day a year.

It happened to be the one day a year that I put on makeup.

I don't know.

I think she's sweet on this guy.

If you ask me.

Well, he's on my list list.

Why is he on your list now?

I thought you guys had a fabulous time eating flatbreads.

What could have possibly gone wrong?

Four paydays went missing.

The candy bar or your paycheck?

From your purse?

The candy bar.

Oh, from your purse?

No, from my car.

From the hatchback of my car where I keep a case surrounded by cool freezer packs so that they don't melt in the sun.

But let me ask you this.

Four paydays went missing.

With your powers of observation, how could he have gotten into your hatchback?

Pun intended.

I don't know that it's a pun.

I don't know, but it sounds like a good one.

How did he get into your hatchback?

Procure the paydays without you not knowing.

This is just sounding terrible.

He's the only one.

I asked him to retrieve some paperwork from my car.

What kind of paperwork are you asking?

Put paperwork on a date?

I told you, you've got to separate work and business from pleasure.

Was it some sort of paperwork that you wanted him to fill out?

This is post-Ethiopian dinner.

Okay.

Was this the sort of form he has to fill out before you guys get into it?

Back at my studio.

Yeah, I keep several forms, and I had run out of the ones that I kept in my house, because you never know when you're going to meet a companion.

So pretty much at every step of the date, you want him to sign something saying, this is consensual.

This is what we've agreed to so far.

Exactly.

These are the physical parameters of the next step.

And I am comfortable with these.

If you had that with that wall, then there wouldn't be any ...

There wouldn't be this repressed memory I've got to get to.

And a broken hymen.

Yeah.

You know what?

That's that kind of stuff that makes me...

Are you trying to tell me your hymen is not... is intact?

Oh my God!

I can't believe this is happening.

You're on notice, buddy.

I'm on your list now?

You're on notice.

Well, I'm off her list, so I have to...

No, you're going to get right back on it.

You're going to get right back on if you tiptoe with the hy men shit.

But tell me the truth.

Excuse...

By the way, Ms. Lissler did her thesis on broken hymens for the Phoenix University, so don't get into it with her.

It's a real situation in Afghanistan.

Meaning that in Afghanistan that...

People are always...

Afghanistan.

Just say it classily.

Only in Afghanistan.

There's a real poke hymen situation.

Wait, so men are wandering around going bloop and trying to poke it out?

Yes.

Oh my God.

Because they wear the full-length skirts.

I feel sick.

We shouldn't be talking about this.

I feel sick.

We shouldn't be talking about this.

But I thought that the hymen was something you wanted out of a bride.

Oh, you know what?

Google it, okay?

On your own time, sicko.

What?

Pop hymen?

What is it?

Yeah.

Dot org.

Okay?

You got to throw a dot org into a Google search?

That's her website to raise money to repair women's hymens.

Pop hymen Afghanistan dot org.

That's right.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, we'll look at that certainly.

But...

Right.

We're not interested.

So wait.

Now, what were you talking about before your hymen?

Kareem and how things went awry.

Anyway, he goes out to my car apparently to get the paperwork, and then the next morning I discovered there were four missing paydays.

Did he stay over?

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Here we go.

If the studio's a rocket, don't come a-rockin'.

You live in a studio?

Well, put up.

That's right.

A studio.

So I went immediately to the 7-Eleven.

His oldest son was working.

I said, I need to speak to your father.

He said, who the fuck are you?

Okay.

So...

Really strong language.

Okay.

Well, his dad had to come home that night.

I did have two guns in my hand at the time.

Actual guns, not finger guns?

Actual guns.

I've never seen a finger gun before.

Yeah.

Because I was upset, you know, when someone takes something and you've trusted them and they've signed contracts.

That's interesting that he would be that strong with who the fuck are you when, you know, I personally have hired two guns pointed at me.

I wouldn't be that strong in that language.

Or even asking who you are, I would just kind of give you whatever you wanted.

Well, I wanted his father.

Oh, okay.

I guess that's different.

Why didn't you just take the four paydays and just be done with it?

I didn't want to assume, Marissa, I didn't want to assume that he was the one that had taken them.

So you're assuming that now.

Well, confronted with him moments later when he came out of the toilet.

He came out?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

He didn't deny it.

He said, first of all, he said, how could you think I would do that?

But then he didn't say, I didn't do that.

He said, how could you think that?

It was as if he was testing me.

Almost as if he was like trying to figure out what you know before.

But you minored in linguistics, so he can't use those kind of word plays.

I could tell in his lie to me, left shoulder movement upwards that he was lying.

So you were a fan of the program lie to me.

Oh, it was so phenomenal.

That was something that you would see on that.

Tim Roth is at the top of my list of actors.

Is it still on the air?

Of actors that exist?

No, no.

You started a Kickstarter though to have them make a movie about it, right?

Yeah, that and the sing-off.

How much have you raised so far on the Kickstarter?

$14.

And who is your backer?

Rodney.

Really?

Rodney loved that program.

We really, I've never connected with a student on that deep of a level about something before.

Right, yeah.

I can only imagine that he's lying to everyone else and he 's covering the trench coats.

His fourth trench coat is lined with stills from that program.

You don't say.

So were you captured on the video from the 7-Eleven?

Those don't, nobody ever actually has video.

Oh, okay, those are fake.

It's very expensive.

Oh, okay.

And they record over them every 24 hours if they do have them.

Right.

So how was the sex?

I'm sorry?

How was the sex with Karim?

What is this, love life?

It certainly could be.

Submissive, it was perfect.

He was submissive?

That's right.

That's what you prefer?

Yes.

And what do you, like do you carry things in your ankle pockets that you use during sex?

It depends on what I'm expecting.

What were you expecting that night?

That night I was just hoping for a little fingers.

Oh God, I can't listen to this.

I'm supposed to be in math right now.

Is that what you look for in a man, is little fingers?

A little fingers?

I meant a little as in a small amount of fingers.

But Afghani men do have smaller hands.

Right, yeah.

That's true.

They can get more in.

Is he the one that told you about this Pop Hyman situation?

Yes.

He's one of, I was interviewing him for my...

He's a recovered popper.

Was he disappointed to see yours gone because he wanted to pop it?

Oh, it's still fully intact.

It's still intact.

What?

I re-entact it after every sexual exploit.

Is this another thing you get installed?

That's right.

Okay.

Well guys, I think we have to take a bit of a break before we get too far.

Oh, I don't think so.

I think we're really on a roll here.

Let's just take a break and I want to talk about what's going on with you, Marissa, because I'm concerned about you, okay?

It seems like you're back to your old habits.

Well, there's also some situations going on because she's really feeling an inadequacy that they would need to bring another child into the world.

Yeah, we need to talk about these emotional issues.

I'm probably going to bite the baby.

Okay.

Yeah, I'm just going to say that right now.

I might take a chunk out of it.

My goodness.

That's how angry I'm feeling.

Okay, let's calm you down.

Let's take a minute to breathe.

All right.

And when we come back, I'll also whop you up.

Okay, we'll have that as well.

Do you guys, anybody want a payday for our break?

No, thank you.

I don't want to be on your list.

It's all right.

I'm giving it.

I'm offering it.

Yeah, still am.

Don't.

It comes with strings attached.

No, thanks.

All right, we'll be right back.

Whop it up.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Whomp and List and another fine program.

And we're at the end of the school year, Marissa.

Yeah.

You're just about to matriculate into being a junior.

Oh, well, not so fast.

Here's the thing.

We had to take some state exams and Lisler insisted that she, you know, proctor ours for the STARS program.

Wait, okay.

And when it came...

Now, Lisler, you haven't worked there in quite a while.

I know.

Not officially.

Yeah.

You're still doing some freelance?

You know, teachers call in sick for these proctors all the time.

Right.

So you're freelance proctoring.

That's right.

Yeah.

So she was there and I did really good on, I did good on the math and reading comprehension, but we had to write an essay and she insisted that what we do instead of writing anything is we went and gathered leaves and then pressed them between wax paper and we submitted those as our essay.

So I am concerned.

Yeah.

Who, Lisler, you're not judging these.

You're not grading them.

No, I don't judge them.

I just proctor.

Eww.

I had a bad feeling about it when it was happening.

Yeah.

Not that I didn't enjoy the exercise.

Yeah.

It was much more comprehensive then.

Yeah.

Did every student do this or just Marissa?

No, Marissa and then the other 27 students that were in my proctor session.

Okay.

So all of these students, so maybe they'll have you retake the test because if like 27 people are doing this.

I don't understand why we're assuming this is going to be a failure.

We're going to get back the results next week.

Did everyone use the same leaves?

No, you had to get your own leaves.

Different leaves.

I don't mean you were sharing leaves, but I mean from the same tree, like is everyone just the exact same?

We don't have fallen leaves from the entire campus.

We don't just have one tree.

I'm not suggesting that's one tree.

But there aren't that many deciduous- Why would you ever think that there was just one tree?

Hey, relax.

Miss Lissler.

Miss Lissler, but there aren't that many deciduous trees in Los Angeles.

Sure.

So we didn't have that much to- You don't have a selection.

What I'm trying to say is- I just had a palm, I just had one palm frond.

That was all I did.

And I pressed it in between two wax papers and that's what I submitted as my essay.

So it's not looking good for me to continue on to junior year.

So you think that you might be left behind again?

I might be left behind.

Meanwhile, Gutterballs- Well, he wasn't in that class, so I 'm sure he did it the traditional way.

Gutterballs, who already was a year behind you, but now you 've caught up and you've taken your sophomore years together.

Yeah, and now he's going to be a junior.

And you're still going to be a sophomore?

Yeah, but I mean, we're still in couples counseling.

We're not actually dating.

Yeah, you guys are just friends at this point.

We're just friends.

We're working on our friendship, but I mean, you know, junior year, then he goes to prom, and is he going to ask me?

Yeah, because neither of you can go to prom at this point because you're both sophomores, right?

Exactly.

And you're going to have to go to prom with him.

Right.

Is that happening?

Or ask the two.

What about Berlato- What was her name?

Daniele Bartiromo.

Bartiromo.

Well, she got an STD.

What?

Yeah, not from Gutter's.

Oh, I hope not.

Yeah, she was- From whom?

Apparently, she was dating a guy from the local community college, two-timing him.

With Gutterballs.

Yeah, with Gutterballs, and luckily, you know, I guess G utterballs' pen is checked out okay.

Yeah, what about his fingers?

His fingers, his small fingers.

I don't know, we gotta check.

He's got thick fingers.

Wait, how do you know?

What do you mean?

Men have their fingers on the outside of their bodies.

Oh, God.

Yeah, but why are you looking at them?

Why are you like judging?

I could not tell you what your fingers look like from memory.

You have them under the table.

I could not- They're beautiful.

Right, but you could probably tell me- She was a hand model in the 80s.

Some people focus on certain things.

For instance, I have a friend that focuses on small teeth.

Uh-huh.

Only wants to know what kind of teeth you have.

Okay, what friend is this?

This is my only woman friend.

Bernadette.

Oh, okay.

Bernie.

Bernie, yeah, weekend at Bernie's.

She does my hair.

She does my hair every six months.

She gives you that great Mohawk fade you've got going.

That's right.

Yeah, I didn't want to say something about this.

And the ombre, the ombre tints.

You do not look like a teacher at this point.

You've radically changed your hair.

Did you get those feathers woven in, or what is that?

It's a Coachella fashion.

Oh!

Okay, well you were at Coachella.

Yeah, I spent two weekends at Coachella.

That was a while ago, yeah.

And that, boy, but is that sort of your homage to the Native Americans, or the feathers, or?

Just, I wanted to fit in with the young'uns.

Oh, okay, yeah.

How did you fit in?

Great.

I mean, once you're neck getting covered in mud, you know.

Everybody's the same.

Everyone's the same.

Yeah, everyone's the same age once you're covered in mud.

I went with.

You went to Coachella?

Yeah, we slept in our hatchback.

What?

Yep.

You know, again, at this point, I'm living life by my own rules.

Seth and Diane don't seem to care.

They're always at Bye Bye Baby, you know, purchasing nipple clamps and the covers and whatever, I don't know.

Oh, oh, oh.

This is some sort of mud.

Yeah, Diane has.

Prevent leakage.

Oh, okay.

And Diane also has inverted nipples, so she's got to get those special plastic plates that go over your nipple that help the nipple come forward so that the baby can lid.

That lure the nipple out.

By the way, so do I.

Oh, we haven't talked about your.

Well, you haven't fully gone through.

We've talked about the hairs.

Yeah, they're also inverted and I.

The hairs are inverted as well.

That could change though.

Well, there's some ingrowns, but I do have inverted nipples .

That's true.

I didn't fully mature sexually until I was 24.

So you have some time.

I believe we talked about when you matured sexually on one of these shows, didn't we?

I'm sure it's been covered.

But well, okay.

Let's gloss over it because I do want to talk about your emotional state now that the.

Yeah, let's get into that.

Now that the new baby is coming.

And by the way, do they ever use phrases like real baby?

Yeah, they do.

They when, when we have a real family and you know, I, I've been watching a lot of reruns of the Brady Bunch to try and see like that's a family that seemed to make it work.

Yeah.

You know, and it's a story of a lovely lady, right?

And three very lovely girls.

But and maybe who knows, you know, maybe this baby will be my, my new best friend.

I'm not sure.

But I just, I fear, I fear that I'm going to be boxed out.

Yeah.

Or I sometimes have a recurring nightmare that I'm going to come home to the condo and I, I go to the, the lock and it doesn't open, you know, cause they've moved.

And I then have to live by the pool for the rest of my junior and senior year.

You think the condo would let you live by the pool?

I would have to pull some strings.

Well, you know, the combination at this point.

Yeah, I do.

And everyone does.

Apparently everyone's having, you know, naked swim parties in there.

But at least you'd be invited to these naked swim parties because you'd be living right next to them.

So I, you know, listen, I'm hoping for the best, but yeah, they call it the real baby.

And do they know if the sex or gender, I should say is maybe a more polite term.

Well, there's, there's, there's talk of a chromosome problem.

So it right now it has both.

I don't know.

Some sort of hermaphrodite baby?

Right now, but things can straighten out.

Two X's and a Y.

Yeah.

So it can straighten itself out.

But you know, I don't know.

I don't think they're going to the greatest doctors.

Honestly, being doctors themselves, sometimes you choose your friends instead of the person that's the best.

I kind of feel like we should go back to the fact that Liss ler said this baby might be hers.

Well that, you know, the, the, the extra chromosome thing.

And that was just raising a red flag for me.

Yeah.

I feel like it was one of those.

I don't understand why.

I'm just because.

What's that, what's that related to?

Well you have an extremely low voice.

That's practiced.

You were in the army.

You're.

What was your normal voice like before you started?

Very high.

Can you give me a very high sample of what it was like when you and Bernie were just kids?

Well, when we, when we grew up in Minnesota.

Yeah.

Uh, I was, I was teased for it.

It was a terribly, but I mean, that was until I was 24 and then I finally went through puberty and it came down.

People say stuff like high voice.

That doesn't happen to women.

Yes it does happen to women.

No, your voice stays the same as a woman.

It's a man that has those.

You better hope that that voice comes down.

Excuse me.

I don't have a volume control problem.

I don't have, but these are dulcet tones.

Womp it up.

Did like your, uh, I mean, uh, metaphorical balls drop at a certain point?

I guess so.

Yeah.

Or literal balls drop.

You know what I'm saying?

My wife.

It's nice.

I don't have scrotums.

I don't have vas deferens.

I don't have any of the male parts.

Did you get them uninstalled though?

No, of course not.

You only get things installed, not uninstalled.

Well, I don't know.

You can uninstall windows 95.

That's true.

Adobe Acrobat.

You can, you can upgrade that.

You can delete it off your system, but it's very difficult.

Okay.

So very difficult to find all the root files.

Did you get any of your operating system upgraded?

No.

Okay.

I swear to God.

Could you tell me, could you just do your voice for just one second?

What it sounded like?

I was sounding like this.

Wait a minute.

Really?

Yeah.

It was like an old timey bank teller who's sleeping with the, with a mobster.

It's weird that you'd have that kind of accent in Minnesota , but interesting.

Well anyway, um, did you or did you not mix some of your eggs in?

No, this is what I'm saying to you.

Scramble some of your eggs.

This is what I'm saying.

Okay.

I want to clarify this for you right now.

From, from the research that I did, your mother, Diane, no longer fertile.

In fact, after you turned three, she had a full hysterect omy.

Why?

Why would she do something like that?

She just had the greatest miracle of her life.

I was born.

This makes no sense.

I don't know.

This makes no sense.

Was it a medical issue that she had to have her uterus taken out?

I've been stockpiling my eggs.

I take a drug that makes me release multiple eggs every year and I store them in a facility.

Some sort of old room?

Some have been donated to pay, to pay back rent for my landlord.

And some of them...

Are there a lot of hermaphrodite babies wandering around your neighborhood?

I'm not a hermaphrodite.

Is Jamie Lee Curtis a hermaphrodite?

Then I'm not a hermaphrodite.

The answer to the former is yes.

Yes, I think she is.

Is she?

Well, she was, and then they made a choice.

She's doing great.

She is doing great.

She's got a phenomenal body.

There's nothing to be ashamed of.

Acte-ilia.

Say it in your old timey gang.

Acte-ilia.

So, my goodness, so you just kind of like mixed your...

And I saw...

No, I didn't mix...

I wasn't...

I don't want you to think that I'm trying to mix my fingers in here.

What happened was I saw...

That's where Seth and Diane were getting treated for their fertility situation.

That's the same place that keeps you cold in the cold room.

Why were they getting treated for it if she had a hysterect omy?

I don't know what happened if she had something reinstalled .

Maybe it's like...

I thought you said nothing could be reinstalled.

No, nothing can be uninstalled.

Okay, but if she uninstalled it by having a hysterectomy...

That's just having surgery to remove your entire...

That's not an installation.

But how would she be carrying...

You think she's pulling like a Beyonce and that's not a real baby bump?

I haven't gotten in there.

She doesn't let...

I haven't touched her in...

I don't ever really.

You guys don't hug.

That's why we do so much hug therapy.

So much cocooning.

Do you guys have like a circle of a kind of space bubble around each other where it's like hey you're in the middle of the space bubble and back off?

I don't know if this is some story you're telling from your childhood, but I have no idea what you're saying.

Space bubble?

Like around you, whereas like you know she's not allowed inside your space bubble.

Is that what it was like for you and your dad?

Is that what you want to talk about?

That was a John Travolta moment.

This isn't WTF!

I'm not the one with the problem!

God, save it!

We haven't talked about me for one minute!

Oh man, now it all comes out.

What's going on in your life?

Besides the bathroom remodel.

What's going on?

No one cares.

No one, everyone wants to hear about you guys.

It's time to take a break.

What?

It's time to take a break.

Okay, okay, fine.

All right, let's take a break.

When we come back we'll have more...

Do you want us to take us to break with anything?

I have a song queued up if you'd like to listen to it.

References The Boy in the Bubble.

This is the movie that John Travolta starred in as The Boy in the Bubble.

That's like your life story.

Okay, sure.

Yeah, let's take us to break.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bank.

This wasn't in the movie!

It was in another hit movie, Staying Alive, starring John T ravolta.

His body is very similar to Gutterman's right now, actually .

His body right now?

Yeah, no, his body from Staying Alive.

Oh, okay.

Interesting.

We play this, we play this movie to our trash can crawls.

You play the movie or the song?

Both.

Oh my gosh.

All right, we'll be right back.

I'm coming down to say I'm going nowhere.

Save me, darling.

I'm coming down to say I'm going nowhere.

Save me, darling.

I'm coming down to say I'm going nowhere.

Save me, darling.

I'm coming down to say I'm going nowhere.

Save me, darling.

I'm coming down to say I'm going nowhere.

Save me, darling.

I'm coming down to say I'm going nowhere.

Save me, darling.

I'm coming down to say I'm going nowhere.

Save me, darling.

I'm coming down to say I'm going nowhere.

Save me, darling.

I'm coming down to say I'm going nowhere.

Ahhh.

Comedy Bank, we're back here with the Womp.

Womp it up!

Well, SwampUpTheJams.com happening.

I was going to consult somebody who knew something about computers, but Lister thought it would be best if we all just put our brains together and try to ...

And learned HTML?

And learned HTML.

How's that coming?

It's tough, you know, learning the 011, 011, you know, it's just tough to build the right code.

That's not HTML.

You're starting from scratch then, my goodness.

You know what we're doing is we're learning how to build a computer first.

Whoa, no.

Out of what?

Out of various things she got at the Goodwill.

Like a Speak and Spell?

Yeah, kind of.

This is like an ET to the like...

Very similar.

Communication device?

It's like short circuit.

So I like...

Battery is not included.

Yeah.

Yeah, so it might take a while.

I know everyone asks when is it going to be up and...

It sounds like never.

It may, maybe never.

But hey, you keep taking your sophomore year over and over.

It's true.

I mean, listen, you know, in Europe, people stay in school forever because there are no jobs to be had when you get out.

So I feel like it's safe.

You know, it's safe here.

And as long as I, you know, I still have a roof over my head, you know, which I were not sure about currently, but...

Do your parents ever think that, you know what, I mean, once you hit 18 and you're still a sophomore, like maybe it's time to...

I don't know if they know that I'm, that I even repeated a grade.

I find it interesting that they seem to be detaching from you.

Yeah, detaching.

Meanwhile, you're more and more attached to Seth.

You call him dad almost every time you're on the show now.

That was a mistake.

I know it's a mistake, but hello, Mr. Freud.

Right, Lissler?

Come on, man.

Come on.

Don't you agree though that with Seth, Lissler, don't you agree that the perfect family would be Seth, Wampler, and you?

You know what?

That does sound pretty good.

Seth is a compelling man.

And what he does is draw you in, no matter what your feelings are about him.

If you hate him, if you love him, you still...

I kind of hated him.

Exactly, but you can't stop thinking about him.

It's weird that you say that because he has no friends outside of Diane.

He's not somebody that draws people to him.

He's an orthopedic surgeon.

You know, people have to go to...

But once you've seen him the way I've seen him or the way A ukerman's seen him, you do, you get swept away.

I don't know.

I did not get swept away.

Like the life of pie, really.

I think that he spends too much time with feet, you know what I mean?

Like he's constantly looking at the bottom of...

It's almost like he's seen the bottom of people's souls.

Literally, I mean S-O-U-L-S as well, to where like he has no faith in humanity anymore.

You know what I mean?

There's a darkness to him, but there's a real skip in his step since the baby's...

The news of the babe.

Did you deliver that news, by the way?

Does he have any idea about your fingers in the egg situation?

No, I don't think we're going to know until that baby comes out.

How will we know?

Will it have a mohawk?

I'm just...

What is the story?

I'm just raising questions that I have about your mother and what her capabilities are.

Should I raise them at home?

I mean, is this something I should bring up over DiGiorno tonight?

You need to be bringing up any of this stuff.

You don't have all the facts.

I mean...

Even if you had all the facts, Marisa, this is not your responsibility.

I think I'm going to bring it up tonight.

You know what I think I'll do is I'll bring him a DiGiorno crust cream cheese sandwich and I'll say, hey, Pops, you want to have...

Let's have a fireside chat.

That baby might be Lissler's.

I don't think this is a good thing.

This could really work out for me.

I'm sure Seth does not want to hear about Lissler anymore from you.

This is part of the reason that...

Listen, I'm going to send a couple of leaf letters and see what response I get.

You know what I thought you were going to say?

That you were going to throw a bunch of birds through the window again, which I was hoping you wouldn't because we just got those tinted.

That's really expensive.

Please don't throw the birds through the windows anymore.

The poor birds.

I think once it actually works and you see the potential in the delivery system.

For throwing birds?

What?

Are we still talking about birds through the window?

That's right.

That bird was intended to deliver a message, to sit on Seth 's shoulder and deliver a message.

Wait, like the crows in Game of Thrones?

Yeah, exactly.

Only they're frozen and dead, these ones she's throwing, because she has to be able to throw them with the precision of a dart.

So you expect Seth to thaw out this bird and then the bird is going to whisper in his ear?

No, the bird carries a tiny message on it.

We don't live in a magical world, Scott.

It sounded crazy to me.

Too much Game of Thrones for you.

Seriously.

Now, Diane's going to be having a fire baby before we know it.

A smoke baby.

Well, gosh, Marissa, I feel bad for you.

I think...

No, don't.

Really?

Don't.

This is all challenges that will make me stronger.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm going to write a memoir.

You've endured so much, Marissa.

Have I, though?

I mean, what?

I'm going to write a memoir.

You have a terrible childhood.

I know, but listen, that's great.

I'm going to write a memoir, you know, get on Oprah.

If she brings her show back, no one's watching that network .

You could go on...

Get on Ailana, Fix My Life.

Iyanla.

Yeah, Fix My Life, get on there.

You could do a master class with Oprah.

Sounds like a great idea.

She has a master class.

Super Soul Sunday.

Yeah, I'm going to do it.

So I think, let's bring it on.

Maybe Tyler Perry will cast you in one of his three new sitcoms.

I would rather you be happy than have a memoir, have an interesting memoir.

Listen, if I'm going to be an artist, you know, and I'm going to take to the airwaves as I plan to...

You never show up here.

Listen, I have a lot going on right now.

People are breaking into my pool.

Babies are being born.

I don't know who the dad, you know, the mom is.

When is your life going to calm down enough that you can actually do a regular thing?

Because the Wamptacular came out in December.

I know, and people just really responded.

People definitely responded, and yet, you know, you followed it up with what?

Well I...

All of a sudden you're back on this show again.

I want to do one July 4th.

I want to broadcast live from my pool.

I'm sorry, not July 4th.

I want to do it August 12th, which is my birthday.

Okay.

I want to broadcast live from the pool.

Okay, we can do this.

Do you think you can do that?

Yes, we can.

Okay, but do you think you have... what if things get wet?

Uhhh...

Don't... eww!

Eww!

That is what she said?

No, I said what if, like, some of the equipment gets wet?

Because...

That is what she said!

You know what?

My wife!

Nice.

I could build a suspension system.

I don't know what this would be.

Like a sound suspension system.

Meaning that it's over the pool?

Yeah.

What if it breaks?

I would rather it just be off to the side of the pool.

No, no, no, this would never break.

I don't know, why would we want to be over the pool?

This could hold the whole Dothraki army.

This sounds like a terrible plan.

This sounds like the kind of project we'll spend the next three months building, I won't graduate from sophomore year.

Let's just do it simply.

You know, Marissa does have one thing coming up, though.

Oh, what's that?

The prom.

Are you going to the prom?

She's been showing her wares in the upper class hallways.

The inverted nipples, or?

Yeah, I showed one to somebody on air.

That's not what I meant.

I remember when you showed what you showed to Judd Apatow when you were on the show with him.

What did I do to him?

You showed him the wares.

Oh, I did.

Well, that's because I wanted to get a role in one of his next films.

Or in Girls.

I'd do anything on Girls.

If they needed me to do it in the back door or whatever, I would do it.

That's already been done.

Would you, uh...

What else could I do?

Remember one of those last episodes?

Give it Chinese handcuffs?

Remember that one of those last episodes where the guy ejac ulated on that girl's chest?

Would you like lick the ejaculate off his chest?

You know what?

I don't want it that much.

You said you would do anything.

I don't want it that much.

God.

Why am I saying this stuff?

It's like I get into Hollywood and Marina Del Rey, things aren't like this.

Really?

You're not like this at home?

It's much more innocent.

We're very removed.

By the way, if you're listening to this for the first time, this is, I know this is a 16 year old girl, but we...

Yeah, you're disgusting.

And people have a lot of problems with the way you behave and they should.

This shit's going to get shut down.

Just because we sign these releases doesn't mean we've released our morality.

Exactly.

That's the way you and I have had to sign a different release.

You've had a release for me every commercial break.

That's right.

And I'm reading this one that's in front of me right now and it says some weird stuff about what I'm supposed to be doing for you.

And half of it is in Farsi.

Yeah.

That's what's difficult about it.

Like I'm reading this right here.

Like apparently that I'm supposed to move my hands downward at this point?

I haven't even put my hands on you or my fingers.

Your fingers are offensive to me.

Did you get to the hot stone massage clause?

I haven't even gotten there.

Wait, page four is all leaves.

Well, you know, Marissa, so tell me about the prom.

You've been very excited.

She's very excited.

Tell the theme.

The theme is very exciting.

The theme is Wonderful Tonight.

Wonderful Tonight, what is that?

Is that a song?

An old Eric Clapton.

Oh, okay.

Really, a lot of it.

Retro.

Who picked the theme?

Lisler?

So the- No.

Did you get the ballot together of choices?

I wish I had.

I would have chosen a different song than old Eric Clapton.

Is it old Eric?

The theme is 1994.

Is that when it came out?

That's when it came- No, that's the one about Tears in Heaven.

Oh, I'm sorry.

It's not Wonderful Tonight.

Tears in Heaven is the theme.

Tears in Heaven is the theme?

Yeah, and everyone is going to dress like it's 1994.

I don't know that this is an appropriate theme for a prom.

So I already got a J. Crew roll neck sweater that I'm going to turn into a dress.

A couple of them we're going to knit into a tight knit dress.

With the hopes that someone will ask her.

Yeah, and what Lisler said is, listen, put it out there that you'd like to take an older man.

And I'm not just saying someone from the upper class.

I can go to the prom- Like a Bartolomo type situation?

Yeah, well, I'd like to put it out to the fans that if they want to submit a video saying why they should be my prom date- Oh my goodness, this is dangerous.

And then I'll select the best one.

Really?

Technically, she could go to the prom because she's so- I'm on the planet, Katie.

She's well, and she's well old enough.

But you want someone to go with.

Yeah, and I'd like it to be an older gentleman.

Okay.

Somebody with a goatee that would help.

To remind you of the wall?

Of the carpeting on the wall?

Why would that remind me of the wall?

Because it was carpeted.

It was fuzzy.

Yeah, well- You could paint the goatee on- I mean, this is all buried and repressed within you.

I don't know what happened.

I don't even remember doing that to the wall.

I just remember that I had rug burns.

Yeah, you were bumping rugs with the wall.

Yeah, I had rug burns on the inside of my thighs.

Yeah, I don't know how you got the inside of your thighs against a wall.

I don't know either.

I'm double jointed.

Oh, that's what I remember.

In every single one of my joints.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

Can I see just the reverse of you?

It's dangerous.

You know what?

Would you like totally turn around if you did that with every single one of your joints?

No, it's not like the movie The Grudge, you know, or something like that.

It's not like that.

At any rate, so if people want to tweet to me their videos- Or maybe we should get this on the Earwolf boards because that's a better way to do it.

Yeah, you're right.

Don't make it like personal.

Like, like I put out my personal address and people can like show up and give an audition.

That would be too weird.

So go to Earwolf.com under the message board section.

There's a comedy bang bang section.

Tears from Heaven is the subject, should be the subject.

Well, no, no, whatever this episode is called, look in that episode.

That's subcategory Tears from Heaven.

Okay.

Post your vine.

Put it on vine.

That's only six seconds.

That's all I need.

Is it?

Yeah.

That's all I need.

So post your videos.

I need more information than that.

You know, Gillian Jacobs did this at one point looking for a man.

And what happened?

It was surprisingly respectful.

Really not allowed to just close up to people's scrotes.

Is that what you're looking for?

Speaking of goatees?

If I get it, I get it.

Please, I would rather not- Puppetry of the penis, you know, what can you do?

Is that your ideal man is one of the puppetry of the penis people?

Yeah, if somebody was just like, oh, King George, you know, that's like- It's not going to feel good.

Like the Hunchback of Notre Dame, you know, that's- I think everyone's scrotum looks like the Hunchback of Notre Dame.

You know what?

Speak for yourself.

All right.

You're going to need to get into this donor situation with you and Coolop ever want to have one.

If that's what's happening down there.

I don't think I'll be calling you, Listler.

Don't worry about it.

She's got about 4,000 frozen eggs.

Have you been to the supply?

Yeah, I've seen her.

Sometimes we go and write- It's like a safety deposit box.

Sometimes she has us write letters to our unborn fetuses as part of our creative writing.

Of just like, hey, you're going to get to know me because I 'm very important in Listler's life.

Yeah, maybe.

Maybe.

It's like an exercise.

I asked them to imagine what each child would be like.

Right.

So why are you just now putting it together that she has all these eggs and that something might be- Well, I just had no idea that she would like squirt some in Diane's Petri dish.

I didn't know what happened.

I feel like that happened.

Did you sneak in in the middle of the night, Listler?

Cat burglar style.

What happened?

With a turkey baster?

Is it sneaking in if you spend the night- Yes.

I'm going to say yes.

Sometimes if you spend the night there three nights in a row, full days, that's not sneaking in.

But are you hidden from the occupants?

Absolutely.

Where are you- I go in.

I go in to visit the eggs.

This is a condo.

It's a cold.

Even if you were in an igloo by yourself or surrounded by other half-life.

And- What is this?

Why am I imagining this?

The top of your movie, Oblivion?

I'm just saying from the egg perspective.

Oh, okay.

You know?

You're there by yourself not knowing when your life is going to begin.

That's lonely.

It's a lonely- So you want to spread some family cheer.

Yeah.

Just go in and give them a little love so that when they're chosen- But I'm a little more concerned about the spending three days at Wampler's house here, unbeknownst to every- Oh, I wasn't at- That was at the lab.

I was in the rafters above some of the examination rooms.

Why are you spending so much time there?

That's like some Science of the Lambs type of shit.

You were hanging out in the rafters?

You haven't seen that movie, so I don't think that you should be referencing it.

I just heard- I just read some blogs about it.

Oh, you read the Wikipedia?

Yeah, and it was too scary for me.

By the way, kids, if you can't see R-rated movies, just read the Wikipedia.

Yeah, that'll tell you all the gory, gory stuff.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, he hangs out in the rafters, right?

In the elevator.

And wears someone's face as a hat or something.

Hannibal does, yeah.

You're obsessed with wearing people's faces, by the way.

This is the second time you've- Yeah, Face Off.

Isn't that a movie?

Another one, yeah.

I just Wikipedia'd it.

I'm not allowed to have a Netflix subscription.

What's happening with you where that's, you know, are you afraid of your own face getting cut off?

No, I just, I think it would be interesting to look at life through someone else's eyes, you know?

So you'd rather be someone else, so you'd like to transfer- What I'd really like is to get somebody else's bottom half for just a day.

You could do it yourself!

It's like, I don't know if I can, I got all the Diordo to eat.

Stop eating the Diordos!

I gotta get, it's not delivery, it's Diordo.

Let me ask you- Ding dong.

It's not delivery, it's Diordo.

Ding dongs, are you eating those as well?

Yeah.

Can I come over to your house and clean out your refrigerator and just, you know, like toss?

If this is some sort of veiled attempt for you to clean out my ding dogs, and you're gonna get out of, you know what I mean?

Make your own video if you want to be considered to be brought to the prom.

Maybe I will make my own video.

Would you take me to the prom if that- I consider you among other applicants.

I've always felt that you and I have some sort of special connection.

Oh god!

This, you know, in your own dreams!

And in your dreams, apparently.

No!

Yes, sometimes I do dream- You do dream about me, then.

Yeah, but never in a, never in a romantic context.

But in a like, am I kind of your superior?

And I'm enforcing rules upon you?

Listen, this isn't like a Pride and Prejudice type of situation where you're this unattractive, not charismatic man.

Oh, so it's not one of those.

It's not one of those things.

Thank you so much, so I am attractive and I am- No, you are all- I am charismatic.

No, you are all of the things that Mr. Darcy was, but it's not going to turn out that way.

I don't want you to hold out hope.

Coolup seems like a very nice woman, you know, you can have a half with her.

But you would consider me, so there's hope.

No, I'm considering you because I'm putting this context out there and we're going to be very, very judicial about it.

So any applicant will be considered?

Any applicant will be considered.

Okay.

Submitted through a rubric, if I might suggest.

What does that mean?

So if we're going to write a rubric, we're going to break down into categories.

Yeah, subcategories.

And then we'll rate them one to five.

Okay, and what would my score be if I were to- We haven't decided on the rubric yet, Ackerman.

Okay, we don't know the categories.

We haven't seen your hunchback in Notre Dame yet to see how it compares to the others.

But say my goatee, for instance, what would you rate my go atee on?

Oh, well, I've never seen your full goatee.

Well, I don't have one, so what would I get in that score?

Well, then you get a zero for that then.

Wait, it's one to five.

There's a little growth.

Yeah, I- Oh, God, everything out of both of you.

We're still not talking about the puppetry of the penis yet .

There's a small amount of growth.

How are my fingers now, by the way?

They're still offensive.

They're still- okay, you want me to- Put them under the desk.

Do you want me to get the stones out?

All right.

Put them under the desk.

Get the stones out.

For the massage.

God!

Oh, I thought you meant to throw at your hunchback of Notre Dame.

I'm not throwing stones at my ball sack.

I'm just saying that's what they did in that famous film.

You're the one throwing things.

You're throwing dead crows at windows.

Dead not crows.

It's time for a break.

Are we taking another one?

I don't think we have time for another break.

You know what it is?

My carbs just left my system and all I want to do is take like the longest nap.

You gotta wean your- are you allergic to gluten, maybe?

Oh, who knows?

Sometimes I take gluten pills.

We should put you on an elimination diet and see what your allergies are.

If that means eliminate the DiGiorno's, I'm not interested.

Ding dong.

What is an elimination?

It's not DiGiorno, it's delivery.

You do for two to three weeks you eliminate a certain thing that might be giving you an allergy like a dairy.

You know what?

I'll eliminate the chalk doll because that's when I started to feel sick was when I got in here.

Seriously.

Do me one favor, do two weeks without bread.

What would I eat?

That eliminates everything out of my diet.

I know but just like go to- if you have to do fast food- Can she still do pastas?

No, no pastas.

Can I still do In-N-Out Burger?

But without the bread, do it wrapped in lettuce.

I'm not an animal.

Do they do that?

Yeah, they do do it.

That's how Diane- Who does that?

Diane.

Diane does it and how does Diane look?

I'm asking because I've never seen her.

Diane looks like Raquel Welch.

Dumb and pregnant.

She looks like Bo Derek in that movie- Bolero?

No, Ten where she comes out- Tarzan the Ape Man?

Why do you have like only Bo Derek movies?

Is that in your Boner Jams reel?

I'll go Raquel Welch.

Here we go, One Million B.C.

Oh my god.

Others?

Others.

Wow.

Um, so she looks like that really.

Yeah she does, she's a truly stunning woman.

Why doesn't she ever come in here?

She doesn't care for- You're always bringing Listler around.

I'm not into- pardon me Listler, but I'm just not that into you.

You think Diane would have great stories?

You think Diane would tell you- I'm not really into the stories, I just, you know, I want a little eye candy while I'm doing the show here.

That's rude.

Is that so much to ask?

All I have here is Wampler at this point.

Womp it up!

So you are attracted to her.

Ah!

Oh my god!

Why- It's just as much as one can be attracted to a 16 year old girl, which sometimes just is- Every man eats like an upside down muffin.

Every man is attracted to a 16 year old girl.

There is something about you which- It's an electric energy, it's not sexual, but America feels it.

America- America's responding.

I feel more sorry for you though, and I feel paternal towards you.

You know what, take your daddy issues elsewhere, okay?

It's an interesting paternal, and that guy Joe Paterno, you know, it's like so similar.

You know what I mean?

I feel paternal.

I'm just, anyway, I'm saying I feel paternal or- You feel paternal towards me?

You feel paternal towards Marissa?

God, he's just trying to have his own catchphrase.

You know what?

It's very sad.

I'm sorry, you're back on the list list.

No!

But can I say- Wait, who's off the list now?

Nobody.

Just adding to it.

Wait, you just added to it?

That's right.

I thought that you had to subtract someone if someone- I don't have to do anything.

I'd really appreciate it if you take someone else off the list if I'm going to be on the list.

I'm not taking Karim off the list.

Who's on the list with me?

Karim?

Me?

Uh-huh.

Who else?

Seth.

Seth is always on the list?

Diane is always on the list.

Oh no.

Principal Sharpton.

Just don't hide under my car and get my Achilles tendon, please, with your ankle pocket knife.

Is your ankle pocket made of flesh?

Yes.

Where did they take the flesh from?

I don't ask questions.

God.

Well, yeah, but when you wake up, aren't you like, oh, there's that missing hole of flesh.

No, they don't take it from me.

The skin from someone else.

Oh, God.

Is it the same color?

It's a human calico cat.

Did you ever get the skin?

You're a human calico cat?

Meow.

Ding dong.

My wife.

Did you ever get the skin, the extra skin taken off of you in between your legs and put somewhere?

You know what I'm talking about.

Oh my God.

Get off the hymen.

You're part of the problem.

No, it's not that.

It's not that.

It's the other thing we were talking about.

What extra skin?

Oh, the remnants, the notion of the ball sack.

Did you get your penis uninstalled and installed?

I am a full woman.

Do you have a penis attached to your body?

I don't.

Like a vestigial tail.

No, I don't.

I have a protruding tailbone, which is a bone, which makes it difficult to ride the subway.

I think you have a protruding boner, tail boner is what I'm saying.

If you wake up one night, oh no, and you feel a boner coming in your back end.

Oh no.

Then know that I have hired someone to come and boner you.

So I thought you were going to say it's going to be you.

No, it wouldn't be me because I don't have a peen.

So you're going to hire a gentleman to come with an erect boner to come spoon me?

Just lay it, not to enter you, but just to lay it on the side of you.

If you don't watch out.

Where's cool up in this situation?

She's sound asleep next to you.

She's a heavy sleeper.

That is true.

Wait, I'm a light sleeper.

Wouldn't I hear this guy coming in?

How would you hear him?

He's a sniper.

He's a trained sniper.

A trained boner sniper.

I think I would hear the wah wah wah of him getting his bon er up.

How do you know that it's not hard when he enters the window?

It's absolutely hard.

He comes fully prepared.

So within like six seconds, he gets his boner hard.

In fact, this man has no hands or arms and he does all of the maneuvering with his boner.

They call him the human boner.

What is going on?

I cannot believe I'm getting credit for this.

This is so awesome.

Wait, you're getting credit for this?

Oh yeah, I get credit for this.

As long as she writes a full summary.

Marina Del Rey Public High School loves the attention it's getting, by the way.

Yeah, I can imagine.

Admissions are up.

And the other students?

How do they feel about you?

Well, you know, I think they like the attention, but they haven't been so kind on my Facebook page.

What are they saying?

Yeah, get out of here.

Really tough stuff.

Get out of here.

Get out of here, you dumb fatty.

Stuff like that.

Aw, I'm sorry to hear that.

That's terrible.

But I don't care because, you know, all I really need in this life are Liss, Choctaw, Rodney and Gutters.

That's it.

That's a new society, you know?

That's terrible they're calling you dumb.

Dumb fatty, yeah.

No, the fatty I can understand.

The dumb part.

I think you're very bright.

Thanks, I appreciate it.

I appreciate it.

Well guys, we're winding down.

We have to do our final feature on the show if that's okay.

It's time for a little something we call Plugs, if that's alright.

Yes, it's alright.

Whether you're PFT or Andrew Daly, it's time to plug your stuff.

Yeah, it's time for a little something we call Plugs.

Alright, that's Is That Even a Thing by From a Pine Box.

Guys, these are getting longer and longer.

Yeah, and I got a real bone to pick.

Oh, a tail boner?

With From a Pine Box.

I got a tail boner to pick with him.

Why does he mention PFT, Andrew Daly, how about What About Wampers?

Wompin' wompin' wompin' up.

Guys, let's get these Plugs themes.

Let's mention Wampler in one of these themes.

We did like 45 minutes on What a Hot Dog Is and Nothing About Wampler.

It's a grievous oversight.

God, I would love it if a man would write a song for me.

If you write me a song, like a Wamp It Up theme.

Next time you're on the show, we can play some of these.

That would be great, and that might push you over the edge, you know?

Maybe we would do this August 12th from the pool party.

Oh, that'd be great.

Oh, that's gonna be...

You know what I would know is, summer, summer, summertime.

You played that song on repeat at my last one.

Really?

Just one song?

Well, that and Tiny Dancer, interchangeably.

Yeah.

Made people feel like they were going insane.

What about Tears in Heaven?

Put that in the mix.

Okay guys, what do you have to plug?

I almost hesitate to ask.

Wampler, what do you have?

Okay, well, as I said before, so submit your videos if you want to go to the prom with me.

It's coming up.

It's before the end of the school year, so get your videos in.

I'd love a full body shot of you from behind.

Okay.

Like turning around?

Yeah, I'd like to see you from behind, and I want to see you turning around.

And I would love it if you have a goatee to make sure you can see that when it's...

Heavily featured.

Yeah, heavily featured over your back.

What else do we have to plug?

When do you find out the results at the very last day of school, if you've graduated?

Yeah, very last day of school, if I grad...

So fingers crossed on that.

What's your last day?

June something?

June 23rd.

Yeah, June 23rd.

That's going deep into the...

Yeah, we go...

You know what?

That's enough with all of your go deep and what if it gets wet.

I'm so sick of it.

Please work it out.

Don't you want these men to show you some dance moves?

I would love to see how you move.

That's a really smart thing.

So this is a six second or less video.

You want them to start turned around.

I want to see turned around, then I want to see just some part of your dancing.

It could be 30 seconds.

Yeah, it could be 30.

Well, these are vines.

Okay.

It doesn't have to be a vine.

Whatever you want to do.

If it's a tone poem, that's fine.

And you want them to sing you a song as well with the dance moves.

Yeah, these are all options.

These are all options.

I see your brain turning.

Do I have the time to get all this together?

Turns out yes.

Turns out you're unemployed.

You got it.

Okay.

This is it for you.

Okay.

Anything else?

There's a tumblr that August 12th that the two of us have been following along with.

What's that?

Jess and Lynn.

Jess and Lynn?

Yeah.

Sounds like a bunch of dice, but you guys are enjoying it.

They're adorable.

And they keep us abreast of what's up for them.

Because there's some stuff.

These are older women who that you guys.

I wouldn't call them older.

I don't know.

They look very young.

They look young for their age, but they're actually quite old.

They look barely legal if you ask me.

But they're in their 60s.

So if you guys are into barely legal women, go check out j essandlynne.com.

Is that what you're saying?

Well, it's a tumblr, so whatever that is.

And that'll keep you abreast of what they're up to.

Enough with your breasts.

Like, come on, wampler.

Keep it clean.

I run a tight ship here.

Oh, God.

All right.

So then August 12th will be coming at you live.

Will be coming at you live from the pool party.

What day of the week is that?

Let me look that up.

I'm a celebrity guest, like one of the fat boys.

One of the fat boys?

What about Chubby Checker and the fat boys?

That would be great.

Doing the twist.

Like Tiny Tim or somebody.

Tiny Tim?

He's still alive.

Why do you think these people are celebrities?

Did he die of AIDS?

Everything is mid to late 90s with Marissa.

So this is a Monday.

This is a Monday night.

Well, it's in the middle of the summer.

Yeah, it's the middle of the summer.

So August 12th, we're coming from you live at the Marina del Rey.

My condo complex pool.

Okay, we can do this.

Barring any kind of aqua disasters.

Now, the suspension bridge I'm not comfortable with, but we 'll have to talk about the beats.

We can set this up through here and we'll do it live if you want to do it.

That'd be great.

I want to do it live.

We'll take calls and we'll go through.

Good.

Oh, that would be fantastic.

I'd love to get in touch with the people that way because I 've been trying to put my cell phone out there and you keep deleting it from every show.

Yeah.

But if people want to call me, it's 555-6966.

Please call.

Sorry.

God.

Sorry, I just deleted it.

If you guys could keep an eye out for my paydays too, I'd appreciate it.

Yeah, keep an eye out.

I did not take one by the way.

You saw my finger.

I had my fingers under the table at certain points, but I wasn't taking any paydays.

If she finds that a payday is missing from her LeSport sack , there's going to be fucking hell to pay.

Your LeSport sack, has that been surgically installed as well?

Just the belt loops.

Okay, goodness.

All right, well, I want to, for my plugs, I want to thank Angela Nims.

Angela Nims, thank you so much for donating $100 to CBB, Keeping the Lights On.

I hope that this show is your dream show to be on.

Like the rats of Nims.

The rats of Nims.

That's right.

No, it's not an H after the M. So it's just Angela Nims.

Thank you, Angela, so much.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

What do you say?

Let's close her up so no plugs get out.

Close it up, close it up, close it up, close it up.

Brow.

What is that at the end?

That's the bro, Adam Pally bro remix.

Casey Wilson was singing over it.

It's Ken Marino did the original song.

Oh yes, I love him.

Then Casey Wilson sang over it for her remix and then Adam Pally added bro at the end for the bro remix.

They both sound like brow.

Like I thought that was the sound of the zipper.

What?

The sound of the zipper.

When you unzip up something, it goes brow.

No it doesn't.

What about when you unzip it?

Unbrow.

Nothing is uninstalled.

You know, sometimes, Lissler, you know, don't they say schizophrenic people, they see like inanimate objects, make sounds or talk to them.

Sometimes things come up like that that make me a little concerned.

Concerned that zippers are talking to you.

Yeah, maybe.

Was this asparagus imprint, was that real or was that?

No, that was a real.

That was real.

I cast it.

You have a cast at home now?

That's right.

So you actually know what the size of the asparagus that's at the...

I never want to look at it.

I never want to see that.

Did you cast it in like polyurethane or is it like some sort of...

It's a plaster.

Oh, it's a plaster.

But is it able to rub up against your skin at all?

You know what, man?

No, it's an impression.

I didn't cast the actual asparagus, I cast the faget.

Yeah, but you could double up and actually, you know, make a mold.

Could you make a mold on my face?

That could be a way I could... someone could wear my face as a mask.

Well, I mean, this is the Lionel Richie hello situation going on.

Ooh.

Oh, Chris Matthews.

Yeah.

Okay.

What I would love to see you do, Listler, is have a Chris Matthews head that you've sculpted and then a Seth asparagus spear.

We should do that for the Halloween episode.

That would be great.

Like a McBighead, one of those bobbleheads, like a big Chris Matthews head.

We'll get you in here in October for that, okay?

Yeah, I'll be dead by then.

You think?

All right.

Well, we'll see.

All right, guys, great show.

Always enjoy Whomping it Up.

Thanks for having us.

It's always a pleasure.

Thanks so much for having us, buddy.

My pleasure.

I'm glad we could brighten up your day.

You're clearly...

Oh, and I'm sorry we didn't get to talk more about you.

No one wants to hear details in my life.

All right, guys, any last words?

I know about everything about you anyway.

Oh, no.

Get it right off the intranet, including your sperm count.

Oh, how am I doing?

Great.

All right.

When you're ready...

Thank you.

The world is ready.

Last words from you, Whampler?

Oh, everybody, listen, Whomp it Up for spring, all right?

Get your spring fashions out.

Summer's almost here, too.

Summer's almost here.

Let's get into...

You know what I'd like to do is all of us get into swimsuit season.

Get ready for swimsuit season, okay?

You should get ready, too, and stop the ding-dong.

Listen, and treat yourself to a DiGiorno tonight, okay?

Are you trying to be the spokesperson for a DiGiorno?

Yes, yes.

Sort of like that Marshall's spokesperson that you were talking about?

Oh, she's fantastic.

Yeah, she's one of those old ladies that I think that we were...

She is.

She's like Rue McClanahan.

She plays older than she looks.

I think that Jess and Len, those two people you were talking about, they should do a reboot of the Golden Girls.

That's a great idea.

You wouldn't have to do any extra time for makeup for them, right?

Right.

All right, thanks.

Whomp's List, always a pleasure.

Whomp it up.

Walkerman.

We'll see you next year.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

Dot com.

The wolf dead.
