You know him from The Conan Show, Andy Richter is back for his record-breaking 25th appearance on Comedy Bang Bang.

Also an old friend of ours, you haven't seen him in a while , but get ready to hear why his last appearance was non- canonical.

All of that and more all on today's...

♫ Would you accept my tender embrace for that space suit?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much for that catchphrase submission. That's JoshG123. JoshG123. JoshG123, thanks for that.

Would you accept my tender embrace for that space suit?

That space suit. Would you? Andy, would you?

You mean I'm wearing a space suit and you would get the space suit?

Yeah, in exchange for my tender embrace.

Number one, I think it would be too roomy. For me. For you.

For the both of us. Hello.

There's only one way to find out. Hello, space suit rentals .

Boop boop boop boop boop boop. Oh wait, it's a long distance? Boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop.

International. Yeah, sure, why not? You can have my space suit.

Hey, let me set the scene here. My name is Scott Aukerman, by the way. Thanks so much for tuning into Comedy Bang Bang .

And I have a great show for you today because you've heard him already on the show be hilarious.

So you must be thinking, I want more. You're like a miser collecting laughs.

Andy Richter, star of stage. Star of screen.

I would say unwilling star of stage. What do you mean?

It's just before the screen would have me. Oh, that's right .

There's a lot of those, but they just won't admit it.

In the Brady Bunch show, right? You were the star of, right ? In Chicago?

Very much the star. At the Annoyance? Is that what it was?

Yes, that is.

The Annoyance Theatre, which just had their 25th anniversary. Congratulations.

25 years of drugs and queering off.

Did you, were you a founder of that or were you around in the beginning? No.

I mean, I'm relatively near, I mean, no, I came along pretty early in it.

And was involved pretty early in their first sort of like dedicated space.

You know, as opposed to just where they were renting the room above a blues bar or something.

I love those rooms above blues bars. Because not only are they comfortable rooms, but you get to hear the blues.

And people get sad downstairs and get happy upstairs.

Yeah.

I wear sandals and socks. I love that song.

I wear sandals with socks. Oh, I wear sandals with socks.

Yeah, I call my wife my old lady. You ever know her name is Doris.

Do do do do do do do do. But since then, since those halcy on days. Yes.

Is that where you met your wife, by the way?

We, yes, where I did first meet her. Really?

Was through the Annoyance Theatre sort of, but more just the improv community.

I knew her. Her sister, Becky. Becky Thire.

Was on Mr. Show. That's where I got to know her.

And she's been on a number of other things too.

Six Feet Under, as I recall.

She was on Six Feet Under. And then I think the latest thing she did, she had a recurring role on Weeds for a while.

By the way, that show, a lot of people don't realize is a double meaning because it's also about pot.

About pot. I do know that. I found that out from in Parade magazine just like two weeks ago.

Yeah, a lot of people don't put two and two together.

I was like, what?

And so Becky, after graduating from theater school at Louisiana State, decided she was going to make it in show business.

So she moved to Chicago.

Because isn't that what you do when you want to make it in show business?

Wait, where was her theater school though?

Louisiana. Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Less scary than moving to LA.

Yeah, I know. It is, but it's still just kind of funny, you know.

Well, it worked out for her.

Yeah, it did. So she came to Chicago and I met her through just sort of the churning froth of improv comedy actor types.

And then got to know her funny sister whose letters she would read aloud at different rehearsals and gatherings and things.

Oh, that's interesting. So you almost fell in love with her from letters.

No, no, not fell in love.

Like one of those old timey romances where they would...

No, I thought, oh, Becky's sister's funny. That's about it.

And then I met her, I actually met my wife once at a bar in Chicago when she was there with a bunch of, with her sister she was visiting.

Where was she from at this time?

At that point, I believe she was living in Colorado because she too went to Louisiana State.

Just like Mork and Mindy.

And she was in Boulder for a while, but then she went to, she was living in Denver.

And she had graduated from college and was in an English bio-chem kind of dual major.

And so she was writing all the publishing for a pharmaceutical company in Colorado.

And quickly became bored with that. And then kind of glom med on to the real life Brady Bunch people.

And that's the show that you were in, the real life Brady B unch where you would do...

Brady Bunches.

Scripts from...

The Brady Bunch live on stage.

Which at that time was a unique thing no one had ever thought to...

Yes, now it's a horrible disaster to do that.

When someone says, look, let's just do old episodes of Adam 12 on stage.

Or, those things are only done now if it involves, I think, some sort of sexual gratification.

Like I know there's one here that's just like point break.

Right, yes, that's very popular here.

Yeah, but just people doing point break on stage.

But I think that's more about...

When you say sexual gratification, what do you mean?

I mean, I think it's just like hunky guys. I think it's like a gay thing.

Because I think point break is like... I don't really...

You think it's just a place for homosexual men to congreg ate?

That's what you're saying? No one actually goes to these shows?

No, I think that a big draw of point break is that the cast is hunky.

Oh, I see. Okay.

And it's the same way...

In New York there was a show downtown in Greenwich Village called Five Guys Standing Around Naked Singing.

Or Five Naked Guys Standing Around Singing.

Men are pretty... When men are into men, it's pretty easy.

Like there's not a lot of artifice to be like, I'd like... Sure, I like music, but I'd rather see your dick.

Oh, you can do both at the same time? Great! No problem.

Who else was in that cast of the Brady Bunch? Notable to us .

Becky Thire, my sister-in-law, was the inspiration for the show.

She did an amazing, truly amazing Marcia Brady that was the inspiration.

Faith and Jill Soloway were these sisters.

Faith is a musician and Jill is a writer.

She's also six feet under. She's worked on Six Feet Under.

And a number of other things. She ran United States of Terra for a while.

Now, actually, I think she's directing a movie that she wrote right now.

Oh, good! Yeah.

But they were inspired to do the show and they had the idea to do the Brady Bunch on stage.

Who did you play, first of all? I was Mike Brady.

Alice? Oh, Mike Brady. No, I was Mike Brady. No, no.

I'm not butch enough to play Alice.

Which is ironic because she was engaged to a butcher who was butcher than her.

You know what? I don't really want to explain irony to you while we're recording.

It's probably better that we just go get coffee afterwards.

Oh, great. It's a date.

So you were Mike. You were the dad. The patriarch.

I was the dad. But the only reason I was that was because I couldn't really be anything else.

And I was the third person to play the part.

But when the show went from Chicago to New York, because it had become kind of this...

Cold phenomenon. Oh, yeah. It paid the bills for the theater for a long time.

But that was actually sort of a source of friction in this little theater.

Because they were the stalwarts of, you know, we're going to remain true to our own self-devised poo-poo humor.

Right. As opposed to this sell-out commercial Brady Bunch.

Yeah. Which I mean, you know, whatever. It seemed like a lot of...

Like a tempest in a teapot.

But the guy that was playing Mike Brady at the time also, he had a paid position at the theater, kind of managing the theater.

And so he said, well, I'm not going to go to New York to do this.

And so I actually said, I'll go. I offered myself up.

Me want to go to New York.

Yeah, I'll go to New York. You put a wig on me. I'll be Mike Brady.

And also because there was a... the companion piece to the Brady Bunch show, because a half-hour Brady Bunch episode was not enough to sustain a night's entertainment.

Maybe you could have done two in a row.

Well, we sometimes did. But there was a game show, like an audience participation game show that happened beforehand.

And it was, you know, I mean, it was not like a night at the theater.

It was more in... had more in line with like a rock show or something, or a sketch comedy show, in that it was a very loose environment with lots of drinking and...

Right.

But so I was also the announcer for the game show.

And then you grew to love announcing.

I loved announcing so much that I now... I announce everything.

You do.

Everything.

Yeah.

I'm about to walk through the door.

What did I see? Weren't you announcing an award show recently?

Yes, the Comedy Central Comedy Awards.

Oh, that's right. Yeah, you were really funny on that too, as I recall.

Thank you, thank you. Yeah, no, it... that has become like a really nice... a really nice job.

I've done... it's been two years.

Mm-hmm.

And I was very surprised that it happened again, because I was also... I was the host of the Comedy Central Commies.

Oh, right. I remember that.

Which was about like six years ago.

Yeah, they keep trying.

And that was... that was really... that was like... this is our... they told me, this is a thing... this is gonna...

this is gonna be an institution.

This is gonna stick.

You're always gonna be remembered as the first host of the Commies.

And then of course it just was a fucking dismal failure.

So the fact that they've done these Comedy Awards two years in a row, that's a... that's a no-win call.

Yeah, absolutely. They did the first one and I was very skeptical.

And also too, it was just... I was... they... they asked me if I would want to do it and do sort of...

and I think it happened between the Tonight Show and when we started the new Conan Show, so I was...

So you were... oh, you were all...

Yeah, I mean I was kind of head...

A flutter. What's happening?

Well, no, no, I just was... I had free time.

Oh, you didn't give a shit.

I was never that fluttery. I haven't been fluttery in years . But they had...

Is it safe to describe you as a flibbertigibbet?

No, no, not at all.

Okay, alright, I will not then.

But I'd love to see that spelled.

Oh, uh-oh.

Yeah, flibbert... is it flibbity?

Flib... flibbit... flib... flibbit?

Well, you know what? We need to... we need just someone to get to Google, how do you solve a problem like Maria?

Oh, okay.

It's in there. It's in the lyrics, yeah.

A flibbity gibbet will have the wisp a clown.

Oh.

I'm straight.

Yeah.

I don't know why I know those lyrics.

Because I'm straight.

Were you ever in Sound of Music?

No.

Hmm. Well, that's okay. I know lyrics to things that I've never actually sung or performed.

And I've... well, I also too... I've seen that movie a thousand times.

Oh, really?

And my wife is really into that movie, so I...

Yeah.

Yeah, that's Osmosis.

Yeah. Osmosis Jones, another great movie.

You know what? After this, while we're talking about irony, I'm going to explain to you the meaning of the word great.

Okay.

While over coffee. First we'll do irony, and then we'll do great.

Alright, well, I better put a pot of coffee on, because we 're going to be here all night.

But no, the Comedy Central Awards, they asked if I would do sort of a...

a tongue-in-cheek kind of... like a... they... the phrase was a faux announcer bit.

Mm-hmm.

Where you'd cut over to me at the side of the stage, and then I'd do something...

a la Peter Coyote at the Oscars, but deconstructing and crazy?

Mm-hmm.

And I said, sure, what? No prob... yeah, that's fine, great .

And I went out to do it, and I got to the rehearsal for it, and I realized...

I was the only... I was not the faux announcer, I was the announcer.

No one had ever told the production that you were...

No, I was there, and I was the announcer, and...

everyone else had like little bits that they were just reading off a prompter, and I was sitting on a stool, basically saying, here we are at the Comedy Awards.

I was just hosting from a stool on the side of the stage, and every time I spoke, they'd put me on camera, so I was kind of like...

Oh yeah, I'm the host of this thing.

I'm kind of hosting this from a stool, and I'm...

You can just say that you were the first host of the Comedy Awards as well.

For four dollars.

Yeah.

Well, it was more the money. I was like, wait a minute.

For what I'm getting paid, I'm supposed to just read a bit off a prompter, not sit here all day.

How much do you like to get paid?

I like to get paid seven.

Or twelve. Either one.

But I mean, a lot of people, they're fascinated with show business, they hear, oh, okay, Andy went and did this thing, and he didn't get paid very well.

What they'd like to know is, like, how much do you think you should have been paid to actually do this?

I mean, like, for kids out there who are dreaming to get in show business, they probably have a wild idea of how actually rich entertainers are.

Well, they... well, fuck them.

They gotta fucking do something and find out, you know?

No, but I'm saying that you can solve this for them right now, and let them know what an Andy Richter gets paid to do a job like that.

Fuck them. Fuck them. In the mouth.

Whoa! Alright.

No, you know what? And also, too, I don't know what the fuck you're supposed to get paid for anything.

I find out. I'll be like, hey, they got a job for you.

Oh, great. How much do they want to pay? This much. Is that good or bad?

It's not good at all. We're going to ask for more. Okay, thanks.

And then, okay, they're going to pay this much. That's just a little bit more.

Yeah, but it's pretty good. Okay, I'll take it. Thanks.

Andy, how much is the price of a gallon of milk?

Uhh... Godly, it's like $3 now, isn't it?

I don't know. Is it cheaper than gas?

Probably. Coke. Yeah, I think it is cheaper than gas. Coke is really a lot cheaper than gas, right?

But you know what, too, that's not fair. Like, when they, you know, I buy plenty of gallons of milk, but I never look at the fucking price because kids got to drink milk. Exactly.

It's a necessity. It's not like I'm going to, like, milk or Sunny D.

I mean, you know, the kids got to drink milk. By the way, thanks for that plug for Sunny D.

They are one of our sponsors. I saw the poster behind you, so I knew it would be a good thing.

Alright, let's take... If you got an intern I could give my car keys to, they could load some up in the car. Oh, no problem. Yeah, yeah.

I love to, I love to anima with it.

Well, that's a coincidence because we do have a buttload of it here.

Oh, bada beep bada boobah beep bada bada bop bada sad.

Alright, let's take a break. When we come back, we'll have more Andy Richter. This is Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here with Andy Richter.

You know him currently as the co-host...

Sidekick announcer. Sidekick announcer is okay.

Sure, sure. Of the Conan show. I'm not really the co-host.

It feels like you are sometimes. Yeah, I know, but I wouldn 't say that.

I wouldn't say I'm the co-host because he's the host and then I'm the sidekick.

I don't want to be the co-host. It would involve, like, I'd have to...

You'd have to do all the heavy lifting. You're the co-host on this show right now. I am?

And you're doing great. I thought I was the subject.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The subject's coming up. I thought I was the axis and you were a satellite.

Thank you? Yeah.

Well, we have another guest on the show, Andy, I believe you've met him.

I am excited to see him again. Several times. Yeah, yeah.

You know him as the host of a program on The Learning Channel and that program is entitled Cake Boss.

Cake Boss. He's the Cake Boss of Buddy Valastro. Cake Boss, that's right. Hey, you got my name right for the first time .

It's got an oxygen. Is it Valastro? Buddy Valastro.

I can never remember it because I don't watch your show and I...

Is your show still on? Of course it's still on. We're in, I think, seventh season. Seventh season? Or cycle. We call it a cycle because it's a reality program.

Do you make more on the show or on the cakes?

More on the cakes. Definitely the cakes are my art. The show is like I don't touch any of the show money. I don't touch any of the Cake Boss show money.

Oh, that's nice. By the way, that is a nice denim outfit you've got on. Oh, thank you.

I'm a working man. I got my cake too to cover my full-on denim Toronto tuxedo, they call it.

And you've got a whole barn full of old cakes? Yeah.

Classic cakes from throughout the years. Don't you have JFK 's cake from his wedding in there? Yeah. Oh, boy. That's a bit of a sad cake because of what happened. Wait, what happened? They didn't stay together.

Oh, whatever. Yeah, she got remarried to another dude. Well, yeah. After his head got blown off.

No, he was just a Greek guy. He died of old age. No, no, I mean JFK.

Who? That's some classic comedy.

You guys are a comedy team, aren't you? Yeah, we are.

Cake related. That was like Abbott and his friend. Yeah, the other one.

Abbott and the guinea. Hey. Hey, I'm sorry.

They're both from New Jersey, like me.

And didn't you have a health scare? Wasn't there something?

Yeah. What was it?

Uh. Yeah, what was it? I had a heart murmur, I think. A heart murmur? Yeah, and plantar fasciitis. Plantar fasciitis? Yeah.

Plantar fasciitis. Is that how you call it? Plantar fasci itis. Yeah. I heard it was a cake murmur.

But in my heart, I had a bit of a cake murmur.

A bit of cake got lodged in my heart.

Oh my god. That's terrible. It's not supposed to be in there. No, it sure isn't.

Yeah, it went down the wrong pipe. I accidentally inhaled some cake that bypassed my lungs. It got on my bloodstream, went right through my heart, created a blockage. Was it a red velvet cake so they couldn 't, it didn't show up?

Exactly! Because it was red already? Oh, you're about to hurt the story, Eddie Richter. Well, I just was assuming.

Those red x-rays, I tell you. Why did they use it? Go back to black and white, you guys.

Thanks, Obamacare! I hope they reveal it.

No kidding. Let's talk about that for a while.

I'll talk politics if you want.

There's got to be a change in this country. We need, we need, you know, I need the change in my pocket, you know what I'm saying?

Yeah, so we need some change.

Yeah, I hope they change presidents.

Nah, that's a good one. Tea party. So, cake boss, what is ...

It's because tea is good with cake. Oh, it is nice to have a cup of tea with a cake.

Is that why you're such a right-wing tea party? Sometimes I like coffee and cake.

Oh, so maybe the coffee party could be something. Oh, I like the coffee party!

Let's have a coffee party, everybody! Pretty black, though.

I'm not touching that one. Pam Grier is the vice president.

Oh, coffee!

O-F-F-Y! Black boys, what the, Quentin Tarantino walk in here?

Let's talk about Pam Grier's feet for a while.

She's been in the house for a while. Her best feature. No, thank you.

So, cake boss, you were on, you were on the regular show a while back, and, um...

What are you talking about, the regular show? Well, what I mean to say is, since then, you have appeared on our, you came up to San Francisco.

That's right!

And appeared on a podcast that people can get at the Ear Wolf store.

They had to pay for it. Or they had to do a little bit of searching and find a poster for free somewhere.

Yeah, exactly. Which they all did.

So, but, the time before that you were on that maybe only the regular listeners have heard, um, you were talking about being a cake immortal. Yeah, that, uh...

You were roaming the earth forevermore.

Yeah, that was a strange appearance. Dispensing out cake justice.

Yeah, that probably was in there, too. Like Judge Dredd.

Yeah, sort of like Judge Dredd. My favorite movie, by the way. Oh, it's a good one.

Yeah, my two favorite stars. Yeah.

Oh, you mean the old one? Oh, okay. Yeah, what do you mean, the old one?

Oh, they made a remake of it. What?! Maybe this would be your second favorite movie. This how I'm hearing about this, Scott Oxman? I'm sorry if you don't read entertainment news or buy newspapers or... I don't do either of those things.

The only way I hear about stuff is, uh, from my neighbor, who has... Who do you live next to?

I just listen to some guy in the neighborhood and he's got a parrot and, uh, the guy reads the newspaper aloud to the parrot and it's whatever the parrot picks up and repeats endlessly. That's how I get my news. Usually cracker-related news.

There's a lot of crackers. There's more than you think.

More than you think. Do you know the price of crackers has gone up recently? No kidding! I wouldn't know. See, I wouldn't know either.

That's the word on the street 80,000 times in a row.

So, you were on the show, you were talking about it being a cake immortal, but then what people may not know, and you should listen to that appearance in San Francisco, is that, um, when I brought this up to you in San Francisco , you had no idea nor recollection of what I was talking about. Yeah, that was all news to me.

And not like, uh, parrot news about crackers.

Regular news. And I only repeated it once. Because you said , what'd you say? And so I repeated it. That's true. And your voice was perfectly normal. It wasn't high-pitched and irritating. So it really wasn't like the news at all, do you? Uh, no.

It was new information, though. I was never compelled to put a sheet over your head to make you think it was nighttime. But you know what? If you could have taken a shit on his shoulder, it might have killed him. Maybe that would have equalized things.

No, I'm still standing. If you could get up there.

I've got to open an invitation. Anybody who could perch on my shoulder.

That's a lot of people don't know that because in your television show, that's in your production card. That's right. It's written a lot like Chuck Lorre's. Exactly!

I change it up every time. Some people miss it, but you've always said if anyone can take a shit on my shoulder.

Yeah, if you could get up there under your own power, not using a ladder or a chair, or jump down from a height. A lot of people have tried that.

Right, right. And it just breaks your shoulder. Oh, bro, my collarbone. Oh, Marc Maron.

You got a collarbone murmur out of that one.

A Cakerbone murder. Um, murder? Murmur.

Why do you wait murder on my Cakerbone? That's my favorite John Grisham novel, though.

The Cakerbone murder. The Cakerbone murder.

The soon to be a movie starring Bradley Cooper.

He's about due to be in a John Grisham movie, right? Sure.

So, but you, you, okay, so what was the issue with your last regular appearance? You were on some sort of drug. Yeah.

I was on a cocktail of various drugs. Meth, as I recall it.

I knew you was just meth. Yeah, I think it was just meth.

No cocktail involved.

I think I accidentally ingested a cocktail tumbler full of meth.

Okay. With a cherry. Yeah. I thought it was a drink!

I thought it was a fun drink from like Mars 2112, the New York restaurant that is themed around the Martian future.

I understand they have a John Carter there now.

Really? Really? A John Carter comes over your table. Is that place still around?

I hope so. That's exclusively where you eat, right? I will not eat anywhere else. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. BLD. Also, there's the Ninja restaurant that you go to on Sundays. Sometimes I do go to that Ninja restaurant on Sundays.

After church with my ma. Look out ma!

That Ninja's gonna chop off your hat! Look out ma! They're throwing stars!

Did you record my voice and play it back for me?

Oh, I'm sorry. I was imitating you. That was the weirdest thing. Oh, I'm sorry.

I thought you were lip syncing to a recording of me. No, no . I was imitating you.

I'm sorry. That's pretty good impression. Nobody does a good imitation of me.

Yeah, nobody.

Well, people do it. It tends to be cartoonish exaggeration.

Right. It's kind of insulting.

Right, right. I can imagine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right.

Because there's many nuances to you.

I'm a complex person, Andy Richter! Yeah, you're not just a guy who was bitten by a cake bug who got the gifts forward slash the curse of the second sight. That's right! Is it a curse?

You're not just a guy who was bitten by a cake scarab who then is able to communicate with anyone dead either in our own universe or in a fictional universe as long as they died in the work of art or it is reasonable to assume.

Like Huck Finn. Yes, exactly. Yeah, you remember that, of course.

Yes, of course I do. We talked to Jumago. Right, right.

Because he got it by a claw in one of those Thomas novels.

Wait, Thomas Tumago got hit by a car? Yeah, it was a traffic accident.

It was a terrible thing. Oh my gosh. It isn't a canonical Star Wars novel.

But what is not canonical that is your last appearance.

Yeah, I'm not immortal.

No, no. I'm just a regular guy. With the gift of the second sight and the ability to talk to dead people both real or fictional. And also you're a cake wolf. Oh yeah, a cake wolf.

I remember that. Yeah, that's right. On a full moon. I turned into a cake wolf.

Wait, it's not a full moon today. Oh, Macho Cabello.

You should really keep track of this. I should, shouldn't I ? It's a good app.

Well, let's check and see. Yeah. So what is going on though ?

I mean, are you still on the drugs?

My foray into drug thinking was unsuccessful, I should say. Short lived? Yeah, I thought maybe best case scenario, I do a lot of meth and clean the house.

But worst case scenario was I came on this podcast and everybody I was immortal. I mean, considering if that's your best and worst case scenario, they're not too far apart. That's true.

And eventually I clean the house anyway without the aid of methamphetamine.

Yeah. But uh, Infatiminge? Infatiminge.

But I'm just, hey, this is my accent, I'm from New Jersey.

Oh, sorry, sorry. But I'm just living my life. I'm taking a sabbatical from cake baking. Oh! Oh my gosh. Congratulations. Thank you both for making interesting noises.

Is it a lot like, I would imagine that, this is what I've heard of the cake trade. Oh, I can't wait to hear what you've heard of the cake trade.

Oh, okay, well you don't have to make fun of me. Withering, that was withering. I mean, I've done a little research into your appearance. Consider yourself baked. That's like burnt. Oh, that's right.

But he doesn't burn things because he's good at what he does. Oh, you got baked? Oh, okay, no, I get it.

I wish Valderrama would host a show like that on MTV. You 've been baked.

Or you've been caked. How about that? Yeah. I think it was okay to think that. All right, sorry.

Or you've been titty-fucked in his case. Hmm, interesting.

But from what I've heard of... That sounds like it should be on Spike.

That's a channel for men. Yeah, yeah. Finally men get something.

No kidding. What I've heard of the cake trade is that it's a lot like being a lawyer where if you're at a certain place, after seven years, they force you to go on sabbatical for six months.

That's right. Yeah.

It's exactly like that. Well, so you shouldn't have made fun of me.

It was fun to do, though. Yeah, that's true. I bet the audience liked it.

Yeah, so I'm going on my forced sabbatical, but what they don't know, the cake council who forced me to take the sabbatical. Oh, there's a higher cake council than you? Of course there is, got an auction man. That you answer to?

Yeah, look, I'm the boss of cakes, but I'm not like the supreme allied commander of cakes. So wait, you're... what is your region that you're the boss of? Are you like the sheriff in True Blood? America. Oh, so you cover America? Yeah, I'm the boss of American cakes. Who's the boss of French cakes?

Probably... Le Roy DuCake?

Le Roy DuCake.

Sounds good. Sounds good. I'd like to go to his shop. It's ironic, his name.

Well, I've never met him. I mean, whatever. I think I'm going to have to take you to coffee to tell you what ironic is. No, no, no. It'd be ironic if you had a child named Le Roy DuCake, who was named that at birth, and then he became Cake Boss. I don't think that you know what ironic means.

Would that be just destiny?

Yeah, exactly. No! Is destiny a radical?

Oh, that's an interesting question. You were named, you know, I'm sorry, what's the Cake Boss? Buddy the Last Rock. Oh, come on.

This is like your eighth show that you've done with him. I know, but I know him as the Cake Boss.

You're a regular Cake Boss. Seriously. You're a regular Scott Oxman over here. I mean, I have a hard time remembering. You've never gotten my name right. I have a hard time remembering.

I have a hard time remembering the Green Lantern's name, too.

Hal Jordan? Yeah, see, I don't remember that. It sounds too much like... Or Alan Scott.

Hal Jordan sounds like too much like him. Who's still of age?

So, what the Cake Council does I know? Oh, by the way, I've never met any of the other Cake Bosses of the different regions. Of different countries, because you're not allowed to be in the same room at the same time.

That's exactly right, Scott Oxman. We can't be together because what if all they happen?

It's like, well, go ahead. Oh, where is the... Yeah, I have time for two more.

Where is the Cake Council located?

In space, I would imagine. Or space? I imagine it's like a fortress of some kind.

They have a moon base. Yeah, I thought so. A moon base?

Yeah, so they can look over the whole world. Yeah, like the Watcher. And how do you get there? You take the Space Shuttle.

The Space Shuttle's been discontinued. No, that's what they want, I think.

Now, that's Sir Richard Branson. Oh, okay. He loves cake.

He's on the Council? He calls them cakes, because he's from England.

He likes to eat cakes. When we think of a cake, we think of like Happy Birthday to you. But when British...

Thank you, we didn't have the rights to that, so thank you for... When British people think of cake, they give little tiny sponge cakes that they have with their tea, because they're so quaint in downtown Abbey.

Like KETI4s, that kind of thing. Yeah, French words.

Downtown Abbey, I tell you. Yeah, that's right. Downtown Abbey.

Oh yeah, so you get where I'm coming from. I know what you 're talking about! Yeah, I hate it when...

It's on the BBC! Oh yeah, but I hate when like, there's this guy who comes on the show sometimes, Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber. Oh, that guy? Any time I talk about Downtown Abbey, he like starts holding his ears. I've had that same problem with him, he gets very dramatical.

Oh, you hang out with him? I've seen him from time to time.

Yeah, okay, I bet. But let's return to the cake council. Is Branson on the cake council? No. Oh, okay, good . He can't make a cake to save his life, which we found out. What? You were going to murder him if he didn't make a cake correctly? We were going to murder him, but he was placed in a scenario where it was in his best interest to make a cake or else he would be crushed to death by a room with moving walls. Oh, so was it in the shape of a cake?

The room? No. Oh, you know what? A case could be made! Because it was, you know... The cake's coming all the shapes and sizes. That's true.

But it became apparent he was not going to be able to make this cake, so he was rescued.

Oh, okay. Money was going to get crushed like a bug.

Regular.

Nut cake. Have you ever made a cake that has walls that collapse in on it? Of course I have!

Okay, good. Yeah, I've made all kinds of booby trap cakes.

And do the people that you're making them for know about the bo oby traps? Sometimes.

Sometimes it's for a child? Sometimes they request it. They say, make a cake that would be not out of place in an Indiana Jones scenario. Oh, wow.

And sometimes, if I don't like them, I'll make a booby trap cake so that their kids' hands will get crushed in there.

Well, wait. Isn't it the parents that do the cake cutting?

Yeah, well, here's the thing. In a healthy household, the parents cut the cake. But in a household where the parents are terrible parents, these greedy little children, they'll just reach in with their bare hands, their grubby little hands, and just grab a hunk of cake. And for their trouble, they get their hands crushed by a booby trap cake. I love it! Cake Boss wins again!

Cake Boss! Cake Boss! Cake Boss! Alright, Cake Boss, I have to take a break, and I want to talk about what you're going to do on your sabbatical.

I also want to talk about the Cake Council, because I'm really fascinated by this idea.

I can only reveal showbuddy secrets. Okay, great. Well, you 'll reveal all of them then? Sure.

Okay, great. So, we'll come right back to this comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang, we're back with Andy Richter and of course, Buddy Velcro?

Buddy Velcro? Yeah, Buddy Velcro.

That's right! My name's Buddy Velcro.

Not a bad nickname. That is a bad nickname. Buddy Velcro over here. Oh, I like it when you said it like you'd get in New Jersey way.

Buddy Velcro, they call him Buddy Velcro. Buddy Velcro, the Cake Boss, is here.

Oh, my Cake Boss sticks on you. And, man, Andy, you must have a million questions. I do. I'm wondering if you ever used your cake powers in your youth, say, to seduce a lady. Oh, you mean when I was an apprentice cake maker? Or whenever.

Like, you know, even maybe before you became even within the professional world of cake. Let's talk about that. Let's talk about when you became aware of your cake powers. Has this been covered before? Well, I mean, we never talked about what age. This guy's never interested in me at all, Andy Richter. Really?

Wait, we've talked at length about your cake powers.

But not for when I was a child. No, that's true. We never covered exactly when it happened to you. I always imagined that it happened to you as a grown adult, but maybe it happened to you when you were young. My earliest cake memory, that's that's yeah, let's say that. Yeah, yeah. Okay. I was three years old.

Okay. Great age. And it was my birthday. That's a good time to have a cake thing. And I remember my beautiful mama, she was cutting the cake and you cut a slice for me. You're tearing it up right now. No, I'm kidding.

I'm just talking about it, but sad kind. Okay.

She cut a slice of cake for me. I was her favorite child.

Did she tell you that? Or did you just assume? No, I could tell.

It seemed obvious. You read between the cake lines. Yeah.

How many brothers and sisters do you have? I'm the only child, but I could tell I was her favorite child of all the world. Oh, okay. And children in history, including the Baby Jesus.

Sure. Which is blasphemy, but what are you going to do? Or even that Anne Frank.

She was alright. She was a pretty good child. No, she was maybe number two.

Yeah, she was very secretive.

So she's cutting the cake.

So my beautiful mama, she calls me the cake and then I said to her, no mama, do not destroy cake.

Make cake. And I pushed the slice back in and she had the icing with my fingers. You healed the cake? I tried to make it a whole cake again.

Do you have the power to, almost like a welder, welding?

No, I just told you I pushed it back in and she had the icing with my fingers.

I just wondered. I wondered if maybe you had cake powers even as a child.

No, it's just a cake. I'm so sorry to suggest something so fanciful. Only one time did a cake come to life, Scott O ckerman.

I know, and you used too much cinnamon. That's right. So I 'm so sorry to suggest something so weird to you. I bet it was cinnamon though, wasn't it?

It was cinnamon. So that's your earliest cake memory then you became? I wanted to create cake of my own.

And when did, do you remember your first cake that you created? Yeah, it wasn't so good. Oh really? It was a wedding cake for a French wedding.

How old were you? I was five years old. Hanging out with a lot of guys. My circle, they were all getting married.

You know, those old wedding bells are breaking up that gag of mine. I was friends with a lot of people in their thirties. I was advanced for my years. For sure. It's obvious. I thought like this. Yeah, it'd be cute to have a little kid running around talking like you.

They would be, right? With that New Jersey rasp. Oh, if you could see my whole movies. Oh boy, I wish I could. Bring them next time.

Gidjim-a-gee, you would lose your mind if you see them. Oh, Gidjim-a-gee.

No, Gidjim-a-gee. Gidjim-a-gee. Like this.

Gidjim-a-gee. Gidjim-a-gee. No.

You're so not from New Jersey. Oh, who are you, some Andrew Lloyd Webber, criticizing the way I talk? Maybe I am like that. Oh my gosh, have you ever thought about that?

That's making me feel bad Scott Oxman. I'm so sorry. Because he makes people feel bad with his lecturing people on how they should pronounce words. He does. I've always said that he makes people feel bad. I don't know why he's on this show so many times. He's a mean person.

I just try to be nice to people, make them cakes, make them smile.

Well, when you're not a cake wolf. When I'm not a cake wolf and I'm trying to tear people's throats out. Which I think is what a cake wolf does.

It's been a while since we've talked about it. It obviously hasn't been a while since you've been one. Obviously I don't know what happened when I became a cake wolf. Of course, but for us we can't recall the details. And also you've exhausted yourself traversing the globe avoiding the full moon.

Going from place to place. That's right. Always taking the concord.

Super fast plane to get away from it. Now that Phil Collins is done with it. Sure, since I did. So you made that cake, it wasn't too good? You were five years old. No, it was 7, I wouldn't go so far as to say I ruined the wedding.

Are they still together? That couple had problems before the cake.

They were married too young. What, 30? Yeah, well she was pregnant so they shouldn't have done that.

They're still friends. It was amicable. Oh, that's a nice story.

What are their names? How full of a nice story. Roman and Vellalilene. Such a great couple.

Vellalilene? Yeah, Roman and Vellalilene.

Roman and Vellalilene. Hey Roman, hey Vellalilene.

I would have had to divorce it just because it's too many syllables in the name. That was eventually what they used in court.

Oh really? To dissolve the marriage. Wow. Just check that box on the divorce certificate.

Irreconcilable syllables.

So then that was your first cake, but you got better.

Then I got better. I got better at making cakes and to answer the question that was put before me, yes I have made cakes to seduce ladies. You know, sometimes you'll make a cake in the shape of a heart and the lady will be like, oh cake boss, you're so sweet. Do you use a special pan for that cake? A heart shaped pan? Yeah.

I mean, yeah. Okay. So why wouldn't I?

I mean, you're so good at making cakes maybe you don't need them. Yeah, no, but they do make them in that shape so why would they take advantage of that? Alright, alright.

You can't make it heart shaped by willpower. I mean, maybe it was a stupid question.

I don't know, I'm sorry. It was pretty stupid, but look, I have made, I understand what you're asking, and I have made more elaborate cakes and like one time I made a cake of a poem.

You mean the words? Or you wrote the poem, you had to have written the poem on the cake.

I took, shot out for two seconds. I refuse to believe that you did anything more than write this poem in icing on top of the cake. And that's what I'm going to believe until the end of my days.

Here's what I did. I made a fully functioning cake version of A Book of Shonech by William Shakespeare.

You can turn the pages, but also eat them!

So when you're done with a page you could eat it? Or before , but why not when you're done, yeah, read it, because I went out of trouble.

Were they double sided pages? Yeah, of course they were, it was just like a real book. Oh my gosh.

But wouldn't they just crumble when you turn them? No, they were made of a marzipan that had just enough tensile strength that you could turn the pages. But you could break off a piece, just like a real old book. Sure, sure. You know what I love on a cake is a ton of marzipan.

Well let's go around the circle and say what we love on cakes the most.

So, okay, you have already gone forth and said ton of mar zipan. Andy Richter?

I love lots of candied fruits.

So good on a cake. Like a pile of candied fruits.

Just in a pile that's your favorite formation? Yeah, like green cherries.

Green translucent cherries. They're a quiet taste, you're very deserting. Oh boy, I love that. My mouth is watering right now.

It is, isn't it? I'm drooling, actually.

And a big pile of grass seed, too. Oh, so good.

Ooh, you have a very educated palate.

I really do. What about you, Cake Boss? What do you like on a cake? Cake Boss, do you eat cake?

I eat cake all the time! But wait a minute, isn't that going against your vow to your mother?

When you were three years old? I have to taste the cake in the process.

If I make a cake, I can't just kind of slice into it. I made it for somebody else. Okay, alright. I taste the cake in region, Chez, I go along.

I think that was also more a story of just like a childhood urge. You know, it was almost sort of like Thank you, Andy Richter. Pre-cognitive urge to make a cake.

No, it was never a solemn vow. Well, that's the way it was coming across.

Then he would have just taken a vow to make cakes and have them never be cut.

That's what I thought! No, no, no. I was forbidding my mother to ever cut into another cake.

Which she never did. Well, then how did you ever eat another cake?

Did you cut into it? Oh, I cut into cakes all the time.

This is a very complicated story.

I didn't like her to do it. Yeah. It's chippeludgy!

You didn't trust her around knives, too. No, she had a history.

Yeah. I read about this. She was locked up in the loony bin for a while.

Oh. For slicing and dicing people up. She thought everybody was a cake!

Oh my gosh! So this is kind of a tragedy. Maybe you heard of her. The happy birthday killer? Yeah, I did. She would strike whatever day during a year was someone's birthday.

She would murder someone on it. Yeah, that's right.

She would watch anything but tonight. And she would see it was a celebrity's birthday.

She'd go, oh, gotta strike again. Joan Van Arck, you're dead.

She wouldn't kill that person, though.

She'd just kill whoever was closest. I'll be right back, dear. Getting on a plane.

And then if she saw somebody with a blonde head, she was like, oh, you look like Joan Van Arck to me. You're fine. You're probably Joan Van Arck.

Yeah, you're Joan Van Arck, right? No. Is that the last word that person ever spoke? No, I'm not Joan Van Arck. That's how Ed Begley seen you died. Meanwhile, all the victims just had a wedge chopped out of them. That's right. And meanwhile, a coroner came in and said, we've determined that so many of these corpses' last words were, no, I'm not Joan Van Arck. She would say, you're Joan Van Arck, right? And the person would say, no. And she would say, close enough, I think you're a cake. And then she would stab him.

Wait, it was always Joan Van Arck's birthday? Always.

That's what a lot of people don't know about Joan Van Arck.

It seems like she's so misnamed. She should be like the Joan Van Arck killer. Well, the only person that knew was the person that she killed. The birthday killer!

She's a birthday killer. Because she would sign each of her murders and say, I thought this was a cake. Signed, this is a birthday killer.

That's how they finally solved it. Yeah, she thought that was the perfect alibi.

You know what, it worked. That's why she's in a mental institution and not in prison. Right! Because it's a very confusing story. That 's right.

It's probably easier for you to visit her too at a mental institution. Yeah, yeah.

Although I'm constantly losing knives because I always got a knife on me because I have to cut the cakes all the time.

Or at least ice them. Right.

So I got one of those flat knives. Oh, actually.

Yeah, it's a bachelor's knife. I think those are just called spreaders, actually.

Sure. I mean, you would know, cake boss. Cake boss, we got nicknames for all the cuddlery in the cake kitchen. Oh, really? I'd love to hear some of those nicknames.

Johnny on the spot. That's what we call those spreaders. Oh , boy.

That's the only one I want to hear. Um, alright, tell you what, why don't we take a look. A whisk is called 12 o'clock high. Wow! Okay.

Well, let's take one more break. A spoon is known as...

Alright, now you're just playing with it.

A gentleman's gentleman. Let's take one more break. Take one more break. And then when we come back, I want to hear about the cake council. I want to hear what you're doing on your sabbatical. Sure, I'll tell you, but you never ask me. Alright, here we go.

We'll be right back.

comedy bang bang. Oh, boy. We're back with, uh, Andy Richter. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Yeah, I'm back. Quite a treat when you're on the show. Is it? It is. One of my favorite guests of all time. Oh, thank you very much.

I never feel that good about myself, but then I'm with me all the time. It gets tedious. Yeah, I can imagine. I can imagine. I mean, I can't imagine. The same old nautical stories. You're in your same old nautical song and dance. Yeah. That is Aerosmith.

Same old nautical song and dance, my friend.

Yeah. Um... Are they still alive? Yes. I don't know.

In a manner of speaking, if you call that a living.

Ah, that's a bird on them. Yeah, that's a big bottom. They 've been baked. Yeah.

You got baked by Andy Richter? Yeah, in the oven.

Oh, that could be big. That's like a fairy tale.

Hey, you old crone. Get in there. Oh.

Your dumb birds ate up all our bread. We also have Cake Boss here. Cake Boss.

Okay, so let's get to it. The Cake Council... I love dancing around it.

Yeah. Let's talk about it head on. Yeah, let's just get right into it and let there be no more digression because I want to hear about the Cake Council. I want to hear what edict they handed down to you and then I want to hear what exactly you're doing on your Cakebatical?

Yeah, it's Cakebatical. Okay, great.

So you go to the cake... to the cake base. Up on the moon.

Yeah.

Describe it. Uh, let's see. It's uh...

100 feet high. Mmm. Is it like an arena?

Or... Yeah, it's like a grand soccer arena. Mmm, great.

Um, and uh... How many people are... do they fly in as many people as can fit in an arena? Well, here's the thing.

You can only meet one at a time because we can't ever be together in the same place. Even on the moon. Right, sure. Because that counts as a place. It's a safety thing.

It's a safety issue. Wait, the Cake Council can be there but not any of the other Cake Pops. Do you mean the elders? Yes , the elders.

They can be there with you at the same time? Yes, the Cake Elders, of course.

Because they are, you know, they're people that are very well protected behind the thick glass so nobody can get to them. Is this on the dark side? Impregnable. Impregnable.

What's that mean? They can't be got at. Yeah.

So behind us they can't be got at glass. Is this on the dark side of the moon? Yeah, so nobody can see it.

Yeah, that's good. It's a secret. It's a secret going John.

So you go in there, there's a big empty stadium.

I just thought of something. Is the Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon record about the Cake Council? Of course it is. But is this news to you?

Yeah, I mean, this is, it's not like a parrot. I'm pretty sure it's in the lighter notes. It's not like a parrot, you know. No, I heard you.

Gosh, I got to re-read those lyrics. Wow. Okay.

Anyway, sorry to... Yeah, you got to re-read those lyrics.

Wait, what does the Wizard of Oz thing have to do with it then? Oh, because the Wizard of Oz is all about it's a cake recipe. The Wizard of Oz is a cake recipe. That movie is a cake recipe.

Follow the yellow brick right now. Exactly.

Okay. And also Judy Garland got her start doing porno cake sitting videos. She would just sit nude on a cake? Well, to be fair, those were all accidental and somebody was just filming them. Oh, right. They were pranks, but they were very sexy pranks. I love sexy pranks. She was on so many pills she didn't know what she was doing.

Oh, this chair! She keeps sitting on a cake and somebody's like, we might as well film this for future generations. I jerk off to it.

So, okay, so you're up in the dark side of the moon. Yeah. And you're in this arena. How many people... Empty arena. There's like four people in there.

Five counting me.

Sounds eerie. And they're sitting on different points, like equidistant from each other. And there's no amplification system.

So I got to scream and yell and I can barely hear what they 're saying by the, the, the, the, can't get at them, Glash. And, uh, and they eventually I piece it together that they are forcing me to take a cake panicle. Oh my gosh. So I'm like, Sir Richard Branchhead, uh, let's turn around and go back to Earth. He's flying, he 's actually flying it. Oh yeah, he won't trust anybody else to do it.

Okay, I understand that. He's a noble servant of the Cake Council. Is he just sitting in the space shuttle waiting? Yeah, he probably is listening to the radio. Right, right. Because he can't hear what's going on. Oh, he's forbidden.

Yeah, that would cause some sort of cake traversy. Yeah, it will cause a cake traversy. I feel like you're making fun of me. I am not making... Okay, I understand how you can be... Because there's a smile in your voice when you say these words.

Yeah, I understand how you can be getting that opinion, but I'm just trying to fit in. Because we do say cake traversy.

I know, I mean, I figured... Well, you're guessing. I was testing the waters, testing the waters. It's a little disrespectful . Please though, if I ever get one wrong, please tell me. Oh, you know I will. But I've not gotten one wrong yet, have I? No. Because there's the cake-batical, the cake traversy. Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, alright, so... Good guesses! I'm going to keep testing my luck. Alright, no whammies, big money. Alright, so... Can I just ask, Anmoun, is there any fortresses for any other kind of foods? I think so.

Like there's not a pie fortress. Ugh. Well, I'm just asking. No. The pie can't even keep its own ingredients together without the aid of a crush. How are they going to have a fortress somewhere?

That's true. What about like a sandwich? Yeah, I think there's like a sandwich fortress. Wait, the Earl of Sandwich? Yeah, he's still alive.

He's still alive and he created a fortress up on the moon?

He's just a head.

Is that why the moon is made of cheese? Because they cut off little slices of it for the Earl of Sandwich so many times?

Oh, I bet that's why they put olives on toothpicks through sandwiches to represent his head.

That's true. The moon is not made of cheese, kind of, but that's a little story you tell to little kids. It's made of fondant.

So... Why do I look so solid?

So, wow, so then you turned right around, you came back with Sir Richard Branson, and you must have a lot of stuff going on now. Like, what are you doing during your sabbatical? Here's what I'm doing during my cake-batical. Cake-batical, sorry.

You know how I make a lot of cakes to look like other objects? Sure. I'm going to make yeah, like somebody says, oh, cake boss, it's my husband's 61th birthday, here's what he loves more than anything.

He loves going golfing with his dumb friends. And so I've got to make a cake that looks like a golf bag, or a guy golfing with his dumb friends, or a golf ball, or sometimes a golf course, or sometimes the cast of the movie Caddyshack, or sometimes the Neil Armstrong playing golf on the moon, and I'm like, oh boy, I better not accidentally make the cake council in there.

Or a Volkswagen Golf. Yeah. Wait a minute, I did make a Volkswagen Golf cake one time. For a guy who liked golf?

Or for somebody in Volkswagen? It was for somebody in Volkswagen. Oh, alright.

But he does like golf. That's how the car got its name.

That's called two cakes with one stone. Oh, if only. So what I'm going to do, instead of making cakes that look like other objects, I'm going to make other objects that look like cakes. What? Yeah, as a mind the... Fuck?

No, as a mind what? I would say it's stepping through the looking glass. Oh, like in the Matrix. Yeah, so you're going to look at it from this side.

I thought the red pill.

Was that the one that made you look through the Matrix? I don't want to have fun. I don't have time for that. So, do you mean like a sculpting? You're going to take a rock and then sculpt it into a cake?

No, I'm going to take an object, make a fully functioning version of that object that looks like a cake. Like an RV. Yeah, an RV. Oh, that'd be great. A dishwasher. A cake lamp. A cake, yeah, exactly. You get the idea. A cake CD player. A pug.

Ooh, that's a living thing. I know, that would be great.

I can't create a dog. Sure you can. Yeah. With breeding.

Oh, but that's... Take the most cake-like aspects of different dogs, breed them together. What are those cake- like aspects?

I guess like a vanilla-y scent.

I would say an Irish Setter. Yeah, an Irish Setter.

Then you would want like a smooth, creamy coat.

Like a sheep dog. Like a sheep dog.

Loyalty. Creamy filling, like a Chihuahua. Cakes are loyal?

Yeah, yeah. Yeah, all cakes are loyal. I had no idea. I never got them.

That's the secret ingredient to all cakes. Not cinnamon.

Not love.

If you bring home another cake while your cake is still there, your cake will kill that cake. Oh my gosh. And you can wager on the fight. Can you really? Yeah. Cake fights is not something that we adore.

No, no, please. If you're listening to this... That's frowned upon. Yeah, don't bring home any cakes.

Yeah, I do not adore cake fights. Yeah. So what were we talking about? It's sabbatical. Oh, yeah, yeah.

Like a cake gun? I'm sorry you're so bored with everything I have to say, Scott.

I'm bored? I'm just getting lost. We're going on so many sidebars. You've kept setting up this thing that we're going to talk about that you keep forgetting that that's what we're talking about. But tell me some of the other objects you're making.

Oh boy, I thought I made it pretty clear. Like a cake video camera. Cake laptop computer. Uh huh.

Cake stairway? Sure.

How do you make a stairway look like a cake and still be functional? A lot of it's obstacle illusion where it looks like a cake that you could just... Oh, from a certain angle.

Yeah, it looks like a cake that you could just put your foot through.

Well, surprise. It's really a staircase that looks like a cake. Wow.

Does it taste good? No. No, it's not a cake.

Come on, Andy. It's not a cake. Well, I know, but if you like made a Volkswagen golf cake, I would know I couldn't drive it. Why? But if you made stairs that looked like they were made out of cake... No, Andy, you're not getting it.

This is stairs that looks like a cake. It just looks like a cake. It wouldn't be the legend if you chipped your tooth on it. But the Volkswagen Golf looks like a Volkswagen Golf. No, it looks like a cake. That's what he's saying. No, no, hold on.

Everybody shut up because you're making the cake wash. Very angry. Alright, sorry. My job is I make cakes that look like other objects. I understand.

My cake radical involves me making other objects that look like cakes. Like cakes. So he makes a car and it looks like a cake, but it is a car. It's not a cake. That's right.

But wouldn't it be great if you could maybe eat it too?

That's what he does all day!

Every day! I gotta take a break from that. He's gotta take a cake paticle, Andy. Come on, this guy works hard. I work hard.

But if you're gonna make a frost... Say you'll use some sort of polymer to make it turn into a frosting... Fondant. A fondant, like an automotive fondant for your RV. Why not just make it out of frosting and then people could actually enjoy it too ?

Well, but there's a safety issue. You shouldn't be driving a vehicle that you can eat your way out of while it's in motion.

And that just sticks together with frosting. You know people are gonna do that anyway.

Well, sure they are, but I mean... Then who do they do?

They do the cake wash.

Yeah, but it'd be a nice survival thing for people in the wilderness. It's far more practical if not... Like into the wild? Yeah. That dumb kid? Yeah, you roll your RV down the side of a mountain and then it's not like... No, but all these... It's like they find you three weeks later and you're fatter. But all these cakes are made with poison berries.

Oh, well okay. Well that settles it then. Alright, I wish you'd said that earlier. It was far more... I wish I had too.

Although we did eat up some time. Yeah, that's what it's all about. We're almost done now.

This is great. People got their money's worth out of this podcast. Never mention the poison berries. Save it for the end, kid. So if I go down to New Jersey and I see a whole bunch of things that look like a cake, I should not be fooled because they may be other things. If they're in the cake shop, they're cakes.

They're probably cakes.

If they're just out somewhere... Like if the only way to get from one level of a building to another level of a building is a cake, it's stairs. But it's almost like cake-a-flage in a way, because there will be so many cakes.

I'm angry that you guessed another one of our terms. Yes! I knew it!

You're going to want to mark them though, like that this is not a cake. Because otherwise you are going to be paying for so many broken dental work. That's not my job. Sure, but no. But somebody's going to come and they're going to try and bite that staircase and they're going to say, Hey Cake Boss! You're the Cake Boss, right? Yeah, well you made this staircase. It looks just like a... Your Honor, look at this photo. What do you think that is?

Well, it's a cake. No, it's a staircase, Your Honor, and I broke my teeth on it. You're a water... Dental work... Pardon me, Your Honor, but as the lawyer for the defense, I have to interject? Object. I have to object. Yeah, I interject, Your Honor.

You're asking your client? Yeah, I object because would you just go around eating any cake that was on the ground? Hey, it's me, Jill Hiddershey from Law and Order. Hey, Jill! I object, Your Honor.

This is a courtroom. My client, the Cake Boss, is guilty... Is guilty? Guilty of being innocent.

Well, Ms. Hiddessey, your sassy sexiness has convinced me. Thank you, Your Honor. Case dismissed.

We find him guilty of being innocent. I'll see you at the half-tetral party. At McManus.

Will there be cake? At McManus. Of course there'll be cake.

It's so delicious you'll feel like you're guilty of something.

But you're not. Well, guys, that's a fascinating story. How long are you on your cake battle? Oh, thank you! Uh, it's, uh, seven years.

Seven years? Seven years on, seven years off.

We're gonna miss you. What's gonna happen to the cake business?

Ooh, I hadn't even thought about that. Oh, boy. Yeah, they 're taking your place.

I hold those jajuls at the cake kitchen. Don't let me down in my absence. Those what?

Jajuls. Oh, what's that mean? Uh, jerks. Oh, okay.

Well, um, well, yeah, I guess you won't be on for another seven years then on the show. Oh, why, I can't come by just to talk?

Just to let us know what's going on? Okay, alright. First you make fun of me on your ridiculous television show.

Make me look like a real fool. Sorry about that. And now you ban me for seven years?

I don't think you look that bad on my ridiculous television show. I look like a fat, yelling idiot. Well, I mean, you know, the camera has ten cakes. That's an expression we use, too.

Alright, guys, it's time for one of our favorite features on the show. It's time for a little something called Would You Rather. Got me.

♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ Alright, it's time to play Would You Rather. We all know how this is played. People send me Would You Rather scenarios on our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR, comedy bang bang would you rather.

I will read them out loud and then I will open the floor for questions and then you guys will ask questions and I'll assign points and then...you don't get to do that.

It's a joke for us. I always get scared when you say open the floor for questions because I feel like it. I'm going to fall.

Yeah. That's, well, that is a possibility.

Like in a James Bond movie. Yeah. Alright, well this question comes to us from the McGuffin. The McGuffin, also known as Hunt Whales.

Hunt Whales. I don't like either of those. Oh, can't fit a third fake name in there?

Well, my screen name is The McGuffin, but my Twitter handle is Hunt Whales. He asks, would you rather fuck a donkey but no one would know about it or not fuck a...

Your displeasure is so palpable.

Would you rather fuck a donkey but no one would know about it or not fuck a donkey but everyone would think you did? Alright, I'm opening the floor for questions. I have a question. Yes , of course. Kick-foss.

Kick-foss, in the first scenario, where this donkey and I have had consensual sex. Well, we don't know that.

Did we have consensual, chef? No. Oh, no. Oh my goodness.

Not consensual to you. The donkey was okay with it.

Is a donkey...well, I was going to say is a donkey female or male, but that doesn't really matter. It doesn't really matter. It doesn't really matter. Boy, oh boy.

And is a donkey...

like, can we at least anthropomorphize it with pants and hats and things? In which scenario? In the first one.

Well, the second one, I don't care. That donkey is figurative. It's not even...I didn't even...you know.

But you're wondering in order to make it easier for you, you want pants on it?

Yes.

And what else? A hat, maybe.

This makes it what? Like a sexy hat. A sexy hat.

What do you consider to be a sexy hat? Oh, I know exactly what you mean.

Yeah. I can picture it in my mind right now. Yeah, me too.

Okay, well please tell me.

I don't really want to because I feel like I'm being judged .

I won't judge you. Don't worry. I just want to know what a sexy hat is. No, there's a tone in your voice where this is a set-up. You're trying to mock us for knowing what a sexy hat is.

The first thing I know, I'll be on TMZ. That's how they say it in England.

Okay, so you're wondering if you get to put a sexy hat on? Or you just want the donkey to have it?

Can I dress up the donkey and put on clothes? You want to make it nice?

Yeah, some makeup. You want to add a little ambiance? You want to add some candlelight? Right, right.

Yes. Okay. Alright. In the first scenario, nobody knows about it, but have I tried to tell people and then been interrupted just as I'm getting to the part where I reveal my story?

A la A3's Company episode? Precisely. Yes, you are. Yes.

You try desperately to tell people about it because you want everyone to know.

So, in that scenario I'm very frustrated. Yes, that's the main problem with that scenario is you're living in a constant state of frustration. What does this frustration eventually drive me to be quite in shame?

As a matter of fact, it does, and you're, much like your mother, headed right for the loony bin.

Would I be responsible for the upbringing of any ungodly human hybrid, human-donkey hybrid children that might be a result of this unnatural coupling? You would split custody.

Oh, that's fair. It's California. You've got to know what you're getting into. Here's the thing, I know, but I'm going to be so much... When you make a human donkey baby. And everyone, because no one knows why you have these half-human, half-donkey babies, because no one knows about your coupling. Well, it would just be one, wouldn't it? No, you do it all the time. In this scenario... You said once! I never said once! That's true. In this scenario, does the situation with my human-donkey hybrid child, is that a story line in the film, what to expect when you're expecting? Of course it is. Thank you so much for asking.

Oh, it's a good tie-in. No, Andy, you're constantly doing it. I never said just once. Oh, constantly doing it. And so, you try to brag about this to people. Yeah, you're proud of it. You love it.

Yeah. But you never get a chance to get a word at Edgewise.

I mean, not only that, because no one knows the mother of your children. And people aren't used to human... They're clearly half-human, half-donkey. I just think you're hanging out with a bunch of half-human, half-donkeys. You're babys itting. And they don't understand the concept of a trophy donkey the way you do. It's true.

I have a question. Trophy donkey. In the Scheggen scenario, where everybody... where I have not had Scheckes with a donkey, but everybody thinks I have, do they think it's cool? They do.

And the reason they know about it is because you're bragging about it. Oh, so I've lied to people!

You've lied to everyone about it. Oh, I'm talking big in front of my friends.

You sure are. Does the donkey get famous in the second scenario? Oh, of course, yeah.

Oh, that's so good. The donkey has its own reality show.

So the donkey keeps my secret? Yeah, I mean, for a while. For the first 75 years.

Does Emma Watson play the donkey? In the film version?

In the film based on the reality show? Yeah, of course.

So for the first 75 years, this donkey keeps my secret. How old does this donkey live to be? Oh, this donkey lives to be approximately...

this donkey lives as long as a turtle does, so 150 years? Is that canonical? That is canonical, yes.

So no take backs on that one. Yep, sorry. No, it's actually good news. So how old do I live to be? You live to be 76. So the donkey waits a respectful amount of time after I die to reveal we never actually had Scheckes with Emma. Yes, exactly. Do the donkey and I...

Do we ever come close to consternating our relationship?

You flirt around it, it's almost like a Dave and Maddy moonlighting kind of thing. Will they, won't they?

Does the donkey end up being the spokesperson for Seagram Golden Wine Coolers? Of course. And does it release a ridiculous vanity album of covers of 60s R&B songs?

But with the word donkey and whatever the title is? Yeah, respect your donkey.

Yes, of course.

Do they start, in the second scenario do people start referring to the sex as donkey style? Yes, of course.

Everyone does, yeah. And in the first scenario, do you use a stool?

Oh, when you're actually... Yeah, yeah.

Why is this so important to you? I'm just curious. You were trying to work out the logistics for you? Yeah, yeah.

I mean, do you ever get to do it with the donkey on its back?

Yeah, donkey style. Just donkey style all the time. Meaning the donkey on its back and you want to poop. Oh!

That donkey style is missionary style but with a donkey. I understand, okay.

Alright, I understand. It gets a little confusing but people figure it out. Right.

Because you probably easily sustain a lot of hoof injuries.

Because it's probably, she's probably, I should say, kicking to right herself.

Yeah, you're kicked in the face approximately once a month.

Oh, wow.

Second scenario. Yeah. Is the donkey upset at first that I 'm telling everybody that we're having sex? At first and at last, the donkey never forgives you.

But goes along with the lie for a while. Yeah. For a long time.

I have respect for you. But why does this donkey respect me so much?

How have I earned this donkey's respect? The donkey used to love you.

And then you lied and it no longer respects you but keeps your secret out of loyalty. Whoa, so... Don keys are as loyal... Donkeys are as loyal as cakes.

I wish... I'll take your word for that. They are.

I can't imagine such a creature that would be as loyal as a cake. Well, they are.

So, yeah, think about that. Chew on that. Alright, in the first scenario.

Uh... Where you're doing it donkey style. Yeah, and no one, I can't get anybody to believe me that it's happening. Yeah. No one knows about it .

No one knows about it. You're constantly trying to tell people. Is the donkey frustrated by the anonymity of our sexual relationship? The donkey likes living life out of the spotlight a little bit, so it 's not bothered by so much. So I'm the only person that is driven to... It saves frustration by this. Uh... The donkey, she's constantly trying to say, honey, it's not that bad.

The donkey talks in this scenario, by the way. Whoa! A talking donkey? A talking... Yeah.

Wow! Only in the first scenario. Can this donkey in the first scenario kick a field goal?

Of course, like the movie Gus. Yeah. Yeah. Do we win some football games together?

You win the whole season, you go undefeated. I like that.

Like the movie Gus. No, completely unlike the movie Gus.

In a way completely different than the movie Gus. Not a can -do-it-at-all.

Does the movie Gus exist in the first scenario?

Unfortunately, Cake Boss. Cake Boss? No. Oh, so it's like a real life Gus. Yeah, and as we all know, Gus cannot exist in that scenario. Does Francis the Talking Mule exist in the first scenario?

Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, okay. Definitely. And Car 54, where are you? In the second scenario, could you? My mother the car, I think, is what I meant. My mother the car 54, where are you?

It's like a Douglas movie. In the second scenario, can you make a movie and profit from it about...

So you'd be making basically your Gus? In the first scenario, you are not allowed to make movies. Second one. That's the one thing that you're not... The second scenario. Oh, second scenario ?

Yes, you're allowed to make a movie. So you'd be able to make Gus and reap the benefits? Yes, of course. Oh my god. This is going to sound crazy.

Oh boy. It hit me. In the first scenario, is there such a thing as hate? There is not.

In the second scenario, is there such a thing as hate? There's not in that either, so it's kind of a wash.

This is still going to be a tough choice, then. Yeah, yeah.

I thought I could get you with that one. Nope.

Sorry, no. Alright, I think I'm closing the floor for questions unless there's any last minute under the wire. No, I want to...

Okay, go ahead. Please don't penalize me.

In the first and second scenarios. Sure. Meaning both scenarios.

Yeah. What's the donkey's name?

A lot of the rides on this choice. Okay. On this information. In the first scenario, the donkey's name is MacGuffin. And in the second scenario, it's Hunt Whales. Okay. This is good to know. Wow.

No further questions. No further questions. Alright, I'm closing the floor for questions. Alright.

Let's get to the voting. Andy, how do you like to vote?

I will vote yes. Mmm. Why is that?

Because it just is more positive than to vote no.

Hmm. Interesting. Oh, but I should pick one of the scenarios. Yeah, probably. Yeah, at this point.

I will go with scenario two.

And I will say this is why. I am a married man.

Mmm. And even though, and this would be a breach of the marital bond of trust for me to have had sex with another creature.

Regardless, human or otherwise. Okay.

In the first one, I would be breaking that bond, even though no one knew. I would know inside my heart.

Andy, some would say though. In the second one, my wife would penalize me, perhaps leave me, take the children, which would not be all that bad, especially on weekends.

But you would be right. I would know. And when I got to heaven, I would flip them the fucking bird and say, let me in.

God loves that. Because I know I'm right.

But here's, a lot of people would say, isn't it worse to constantly be flirting with someone? Because you're constantly fl irting with the donkey in the second scenario.

Maggie, or Maddie and David moonlighting scenario.

Will they, won't they. You're constantly flirting. The boo boo detective agency. A lot of people would prefer that you just do it once, get it out of your system. Right.

But, instead of cheating in your heart. I think it was Winston Churchill who had the famous line, flirting ain't fucking.

So, I believe it was Bill Clinton who had the famous line, eat and ain't cheating. That's right. Yes, yes. I think his was a derivation of the church helium thought. He was a rogue scholar. Yeah. A rogue scholar is more like that.

Let's all high five at some point in the future.

Alright, well that's an interesting choice. Thank you. That lets us know a little bit about you.

I appreciate that. Alright, Cake Boss. Cake Boss.

What do you like to vote? Well, unlike my esteemed colleague, Mr. Andy Richter, my wedding vows were a little more vague. Oh boy. That's how you do it. You got to write your vows vague. We never specified we could have sex with other creatures.

Oh no. Just people. Oh boy. So, I guess they're not vague. They're more specific. Yeah, that was really specific. I never mentioned that in my wedding vows. We're Jahan. So, I would say I would rather go with the first scenario because it sounds like me and this donkey have a pretty nice relationship going on. Yeah. Like an Alan Alda movie.

Yeah, we got kids. Oh, like same time next year you donkey.

Yeah, you donkey.

See you next year donkey. See you next year. You donkey.

You have to keep going to different hotels. That's right.

Because the sheets are a mess. Yeah. Oh, we can't go back to that place. Oh my god. They'll remember us. The room was full of donkey shit.

It was all I could do to convince them to let me in there with you.

Wow, so you picked two different scenarios and it's up to me as the judge to adjudicate on this and decide who is right.

You're the judge jury and cake-secutioner. That's another word we say.

Have you ever had to... Oh, I can't talk about that. You ever had to cake-secute someone? I must have too. Do you have any kids by the way?

In this scenario you would have a bunch of kids. Do you have any kids or are your cakes your children? In real life though, well, kind of a little bit of one, a little bit of the other. I do have flesh and blood children, but I love cakes more than them.

They know. Have you considered trying to make your children look like cakes on your cake-batical? Yeah. And?

I thought, sometimes I think of myself, maybe because of my Italian heritage, I think of myself as a sort of a Geppetto of cakes.

I thought if only I could make a child, create a child with my bare hands out of cake ingredients that could become real, a real child. A marzipan boy. Yeah, but like real, like you eventually turn to flesh and blood, but not the conventional way where my wife and I create it together and it has no cake ingredients to speak of. In her cake oven. Please, that's my wife.

But have you ever considered making one of these cakes child, children, and then adding too much cinnamon?

Of course I've thought about it, but I saw how disastrous it was with the R2-D2 cake I made that time that came to the chief sentience. It's too much for the cake itself to bear.

Oh, yeah. Well, that's nice. You're thinking about the cake . It's the agony of existence kind of. Alright. Well, guys, yeah, you both voted and the weird thing is you both voted differently but you both voted correctly for you. This is the first time this has ever happened.

How? We're at a cake tie. You both win!

Yay! Congratulations. That's of course how we play would you rather? USA! USA! USA!

Wait, what does that stand for? USA?

I thought you would know. Well, the first is you.

I need to look it up. Like you, like hey, I'm looking at you. Sure.

Then S. Superior. U Superior A obviously stands for ass. Yeah. You Superior ass. Ah, nice. Which is why they shouted at the Olympics or shouted at the Olympics. Or shout full.

Alright, that's how we play would you rather and boy, that was a real nail biter and in fact. It was. I bit my nail.

Yeah. Congratulations. Alright guys, so we're at the end.

We only have the last thing which is of course plugs. Yeah.

It's time for plugs. It's time for plugs.

Said it's time for plugs.

Yes, it's time for plugs.

So tell the Lord your plugs.

I said say your plugs cause you're gonna die.

Alright.

I didn't realize you could just record these into your phone and send whatever you felt like. I think it added a certain sort of ambiance that was really reflective. Oh, I felt like we were on the set of Oh Brother Where Art Thou? That was Garrett Palm and the Field Recording Choir. Garrett Palm and the Field Recording Choir. Thanks for that plugs theme if you have a plugs theme for. Kind of put us all in a down mood, didn't it? Oh boy.

I want to kill myself. They say that's hereditary and I know your cake mother has. No, she wouldn't kill others. My cake mother? A cake mother is not my mother. A cake mother is the person who's instrumental in teaching you how to make cakes .

You have a cake mother and a cake father. Okay, I'm sorry.

I got that one wrong. I've been on the money this entire program.

Okay, so if you have a plugs theme, go head on over to earwolf.com and put it in the appropriate thread under the Comedy Bang Bang message boards.

You can even record that one on your phone and send it in again. Yeah, why not? That's all that guy did.

Thanks, Garrett. And Andy, what do you have to plug? Just the Conan show? The Conan show!

Go Conan show! Conan show.

On TBS. Monday through Thursday. TBS Conan show.

You guys are on at 10pm, is that right? 11.

Oh, you're on at 11. Maybe in Central time you're on at 11 or Mountain time.

No, Central I believe we're on at 10. But we have Direct TV so it's on very early. Yeah. I think we get it at 8. Don't get that Dish Network. They're mean to people. They're bad. They take away your TV. They hate your TV.

My TV! Leave it alone! Leave my TV alone!

Just give it to me. Don't take it.

Conan show. Conan, congratulations. Thank you.

How many years now have you been back with the show? It must be two years now, three years. Counting the tonight show with Conan O'Brien? Like three. Three years, great. I think so, yeah.

Three great years. Three wonderful years.

Love those, you're working. Yeah, no, I'm very happy.

I know it's a great place to work.

I get to do fun stuff and make TV all the time. Love it.

Three years seems like a long time, but it is as nothing to the revolutions of the planet Earth.

Okay, thank you cake boss. Or to a cake.

Or to a cake. Does a cake revolve? It can be made too.

If you spit it. I made a globe cake one time.

One to one scale. One to one scale? Yeah, that's right.

To a globe, not to the Earth. Oh, okay, thank God.

Alright, so cake boss, what do you have in your plug?

The Conan Show. Okay, great. Watch Conan on TBS everybody.

TBS everybody, Conan show. You should get on that Conan show.

I'd love to be on the Conan show. I'd love to be on the Conan show.

Conan has a very anti-cake kind of attitude.

How come he don't like cake so much? He was teased by cakes .

Oh, I bet his cakes that I made. And his mind.

I forgot he's clinically insane. Yeah, he's clinically insane.

Let's see, what do I want to plug? I want to plug, hey, thanks to Dory Begley.

Thank you Dory for $100 to Comedy Bang Bang Donating It. Is that the word? Donating?

Donating It. Oh my lord. You need some don'tch pills.

Cause you got a bad back for a brain.

Cake boss is getting a little punchy.

Cake boss making jokes that only people above the age of 36 will get.

He got a bad back for a brain. So many great lines on this show today.

Oh boy. I tell ya. This is one for the books.

Dunes Pills.

Okay, and that's it. Let's close up the old plug bag.

Dunes Pills.

Alright, boy, thank god we closed it before all those plugs got out. This place would have been lousy with plugs.

Gross. But speaking of lousy with this place being, it was lousy with talent today. And I want to thank my two talented guests. Thank you. That's nice. Thank you for acknowledging my talent.

Mr. Richter, you're one of America's most talented entertainers.

Oh, thank you. And Mr. Velcro you are... One of the most insulted people at Comedy Bang Bang. One of America's most insulted.

Here he is. Buddy Velcro.

Guys, thanks so much for a great show. We will see you next week. That's it.

We'll see you next week. Bye bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman. For more information, visit earwolf.com Earwolf Radio. Boom. Dot. Com.

Ooh ooh ooh.

The wolf dead.

dead.
