---
layout: page
title: 222. Paul F. Tompkins, Gillian Jacobs, Mike Hanford [19524⧸21108].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ If driving a convertible is so cool, then why do kids always throw eggs at me?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

There we go!

Yep, if driving a convertible is so cool, then why do kids always throw eggs at me?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you so much for, and to, more importantly to, but thanks to Colt Barton for that catchphrase submission.

If you have a catchphrase submission, then send it to You KnowWhere and DoYouKnowWhat.

And guys, what a show! I'm Scott Aukerman, I want to introduce myself, and a look of consternation is upon our guest's face. We'll sort that out.

But I want to introduce myself, I am Scott Aukerman, and we are back!

We are back. I've been putting out podcasts, but we are back.

This one actually is being live video streamed on YouTube currently as we do it.

What? Why?

Do you know what you- Who asked for this?

Do you know what a YouTube is?

It's, uh, people, uh, it's like America's Funniest Videos or whatever.

It's, uh, people, uh, falling down, and then a bunch of people discuss, uh, different races in the comments.

I wonder if America's Funniest Home Videos is not upset that they didn't invent YouTube.

Sure, they should be furious!

You know, it seems like it's a natural fit.

This is the days they created the template for entertainment of this sort.

Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.

The night's template.

Is this really the show?

Is there some value in being by seeing you say that?

I don't know.

Boy oh boy.

Alright guys, let me explain what's happening right now.

People are dropping their computers in the tub!

Um, this is Comedy Bang Bang.

I have been out on, uh, assignment.

I've been filming the- You got your safari jacket on, and now you're Dan Rather all of a sudden.

Those of you who are just listening to it, you're missing out on the safari jacket.

I have to say that.

But, uh, no, I have been away.

I've been doing the, uh, Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

I've been recording these in my spare time and putting them out.

But now we're- we're- we finally are done.

Tuesday we wrapped.

Uh, all 20 episodes are, are, as they say, in the can.

Yeah, that's the lingo.

Yeah, you've said that many times in your career.

Many times I've said it.

And I know I've- I'll introduce you in just a second, but I just want to set the scene a little bit here.

Alright!

But, Comedy Bang Bang is- Go to host!

Sure, it's a show.

Go ahead!

You're either listening or watching to it.

Uh, I'm the host comedy- no, I'm Scott Aukerman.

You're gonna think a lot of yourself.

I'm the host comedy.

One name, comedy.

It's been a while since I've said these words, and so I'm getting back into this.

So here we go.

Sure.

Yeah, hopefully muscle memory will take over.

Sure.

Mouth muscle memory.

Yeah, there's muscles in your mouth.

Yeah, the most muscles.

Is that so?

Yeah, you have the most muscles anywhere on your body in your mouth.

What about, uh, I guess that sounds good.

Wait, what were you gonna say?

I was gonna say the foot, but I was thinking of bones.

The foot?!

Hey look, you need a lot of muscles down there.

You weirdo.

Just to stay upright.

So you don't fall over.

You need one muscle in your foot.

You gotta grip the earth.

No, no, no, no.

Check out your anatomy books, you have one muscle in your foot.

You have a lot of bones.

You're right.

I'm too old for homework.

So let me explain, I'm looking right at the camera even as we do this, but uh...

Explain why this should be happening.

Okay, so it's a podcast.

I have guests on.

We have a very special guest here today.

I don't know quite what else is happening, but let me introduce you.

You are an icon.

Is that safe to say?

It's not for me to say, but it is for me to listen to you say it.

You are an icon, Mr. Marshall.

Thank you.

Please call me Gary.

Oh, I wanted to hear that.

I will call you Gary when I introduce you.

For now you may call me Mr. Marshall.

Alright, Mr. Marshall is an icon.

He is the creator of such shows as Laverne & Shirley.

That's right.

Joni & Chachi.

Joni loves Chachi.

Other two person in the title shows.

Mork Mindy.

Mork and Mindy.

Happy and Days.

Happy Days.

It was not what, like Rizzoli and Isles?

Was there a thing, by the way, for you, where you like, you know what, we need four syllables in the title.

Joni loves, well, okay, I guess that's five, but like Mork and Mindy.

Okay, that's four.

Was there a thing, it had to be three words, Happy Day, never mind.

I don't know where I'm going with this, but you were the king of like two- Has it been a while since you thought things too?

It's tricky.

Stay away from it for a while.

But you know what I'm saying, you had Happy and Days, those are two words, and they're both in the title.

You have Mork and Mindy, Joni and Chachi, Laverne & Shirley , you see what I'm saying?

Yeah, it was a thing for me to have words in the title.

But not so many words.

That was my signature thing.

But you know, you're not a show that's like, you know, you have a sentence in the title, you know, you're not- What show has a sentence in the title?

Well, you're not Fiona Appling this up, you know, where you have like a 90-word poem.

That's a record and she's, you know, she's a crazy artist, whatever.

Look, here's what I do. I make entertainment for regular people, everybody can enjoy it.

Sure, and we'll get to who you are.

Except critics, apparently.

Really, the critics were unkind to you.

Ah, you know, they don't appreciate things that other people enjoy.

I think that in retrospect, they certainly would say that you were a massive influence upon the television landscape.

They have to say it.

Or else they would be lying.

Every critic must say it.

Yes, okay.

Or else they would be lying.

We'll get to who you are.

And also there will be repercussions if they do not.

What? I haven't heard about these.

What?

Okay, we'll move on.

But not only did you work in the television medium, but then you went on to have great success in the film medium.

Conker TV, on to movies. Young doctors in love.

That was your first.

Right out of the gate, a modest hit.

Made its money back and then some.

And you were trying to capitalize on that airplane type.

That's right. I saw those guys doing it and I was like, ah, it's easy.

You make a bunch of horrific jokes, every 15 minutes, maybe there's a genuine laugh, you call it a movie.

Right?

And you've sort of taken that thought process and stretched it out over your entire career from Pretty Woman.

Pretty Woman. This Pretty Woman is a legendary film now.

It's Julia Roberts' Big Break.

This made-in-America sweetheart.

She had made movies before that.

She had a file, okay.

Steel Magnolias.

Boy, oh boy, Atticus Finch over here on the cross examination.

All I'm trying to say is it's not necessarily a big break as much as it was a big hit for her.

And something that catapulted her to the strat- Hold on a second. To Kill a Mockingbird. It was a book.

Yeah, Frank. Come on, Engineer Frank. Don't give him those kind of looks.

Eh, so, uh, what was it?

Harper Lee, Frank. Look it up.

Harper Lee. A woman, by the way. Sex is probably the scari est.

Sorry. Sorry that all books can't be written by men, Engineer Frank.

Yeah. Why did you say that?

Not even the Bible was written completely by men.

No, it was.

Ruth. Well, she didn't write it. It was about her.

Oh, okay.

Yeah. It was a biography, not an autobiography.

That might have been an as-told-to.

That's a sexy chapter of the Bible.

Ruth? Yeah.

A lot of stuff going on in there.

A lot of people laying with other people.

You know what I'm saying?

Begetting happens.

If you want, if you're that particular type who wants to both read the Bible and get a boner- That's right.

That's the chapter to- Oh, true.

What?

What was your point?

Well, I mean, she was a star. This- What were the big movies she had done before then?

Jekyll and Hyde.

No.

Number one.

Not at all. Not at all.

That Jekyll and Hyde movie.

Also, that was- it wasn't called Jekyll and Hyde.

Mary Worth Francis. What was it?

Mary Worth Francis. That's most of a comic strip.

No, no, no. Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.

Mary Riley was the name of it.

Mary Riley.

She was the maid to Dr. Jekyll and she was scared of Mr.

Hyde.

Okay, so, but one she did do before that was I Know What You Did Last Summer.

She was very big in that.

Not in that.

What?

Why don't you pick up Variety sometime?

Pick up The Hollywood Reporter.

Check the trades.

I don't know that those are still being published.

Why don't you look at the internet movie Data Bee?

The internet movie Data Bee.

So, Mr. And I'm going to introduce you in just one second, but you still- You'll have yet to introduce me.

You are a legendary director.

Icon. Legendary director.

You've acted.

I'm also an actor. Hey, you were just on Louis recently.

Just in Louis. They woke you up long enough to be in Louis.

Hey, that's my joke.

That's one thing when I make the old man jokes. You haven't earned it yet, son.

Louis can do it because he's a big deal.

Gary Marshall is here.

Gary Marshall, please call me Gary.

Thank you, Gary.

That's right. It's me.

Welcome to the show. You haven't been on in a while.

New Year's Eve, Valentine's Day.

Oh, I thought you were saying it was New Year's Eve.

I got very- No, last time I was here was February.

Oh, you don't say.

Around Valentine's Day, one of your other hits.

That's right. That one was a big hit.

That was a big hit. New Year's Eve.

New Year's Eve, not so much, but it might have a cult following on DVD like an office space.

I don't think so.

Time will tell.

At what point do we decide, well, it hasn't got that column ?

Not yet.

No, really? We're still holding on to hope.

Not yet. The jury is out.

Atticus Finch, engineer Frank.

This guy. I tell you.

Truman Capote in cold blood.

Yeah. What about that?

Ringing the bells, they were childhood friends, Truman Cap ote and Harper Lee.

Yeah, Truman Capote often thought that he was a character in that book. He was the guy- Dill!

Dill, yes.

That's right. Little creep.

Yep.

Little creep wouldn't shut up.

We're up to be a big creep who wouldn't shut up.

Was it drunk?

Yep.

And hung out at Studio 54.

And then, like all of us, he eventually died.

That's right. The character of Dill.

The character of Dill.

He is dead.

Wait, you were saying Dill hung out at Studio 54?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's something interesting to think about.

And then life imitated art, there's Truman Capote at Studio 54.

When you read To Kill a Mockingbird, do you imagine little Dill growing up and hanging out in Studio 54?

All the time. You know, I read that book on a monthly basis .

Do you now? How long does it take you?

At this point?

To read.

Probably 30 days.

So what happens in February?

I read a little faster. I'll be honest with you. I don't read the afterword.

Okay.

Yeah.

What happens in the afterword of To Kill a Mockingbird? I can't remember.

Some people say some nice things about the book.

They'll say, hey, this was a good time. You had a good time reading it.

They say, hey, students, did you get it? Racism is bad.

Yeah. Great. And what were we talking about? Can you remind me, Mr. Marshall?

Please call me Gary. We were talking about my career, how I 'm a legendary director.

How you were here.

Julia Roberts. I'm here.

I said that at one point, that Gary Marshall is here.

I think I agreed. Did I sign off on that? That I'm here?

I think so. You said call you Gary.

I'm here, everybody.

Okay. And what, you were here in February.

Yes.

And you, at that point I remember you had dropped some bombshells about your dating life.

And the last couple of times you've been here, I've just heard a lot about who's zooming who in your life.

It's who's zooming whom.

Whom is zooming.

Whom is being zoomed by who?

Look, I've been married to the same woman for decades. My wife, Barbara, I love her to death.

Was she Barbara Marx, by the way, originally?

No. That, no.

That was Frank Sinatra.

That's Frank Sinatra's wife.

He married Barbara Marx.

There's more than one Barbara in the world.

Isn't that weird to think about, though, not that there's more than one Barbara in the world. We all know that, right ?

Hold on a second. I expect them to be high, but not you.

But isn't it fucking weird?

Hey, oh, what's going on over here? Let me poof.

No, that's for your kids. We all know that your kids listen to this podcast.

My grandkids, my grandkids love this podcast.

They love the salty language occasionally.

They love cursing. They love cursing and all the pee-pee po o-poo, all that stuff that you guys do.

So when you pee-pee poo-poo, no, but isn't it weird to think about that, like, Frank Sinatra, he's hanging out with the Marx brothers, right?

And he's looking at, which Marx brother was she married to?

Zeppo? Barbara? Who was Barbara?

Gummo? I don't know.

I don't know, but he's just like checking out one of the Marx, and he's like, oh, man, I would love to have some of that action.

Like, he's getting sloppy seconds from the Marx brothers.

What is this? What are you doing? This is beyond unseemly.

This is horrible.

I just think that sometimes, you know, I mean, you choose a wife and you like to think of them as unsullied.

Mia Farrow is a young woman, and he probably plucked her from obscurity and perhaps even deflowered her.

But Barbara Marx has been around the game for a while, you know?

Why are you thinking about these old people and their sex lives?

I don't know.

What is this sickness with you?

Well, it's when you're around, I think of old people and their- Hey, how about that Dolly Madison, right?

You think she ever gave Ben Franklin a go around or whatever?

What is this?

I mean, you know, who cares, you could say, but I'm fascinated with the lives of celebrities.

And you know, when you run out of thinking about modern celebrities, you got to think about the old ones.

Oh, you're out already?

Yeah.

A to Z, you got through everybody.

I'm done thinking about Kanye and Kardashian, you know?

Like, let's talk about Barbara Marx and Frank Sinatra.

Because these speculations, nobody got around to them at the time.

Well, you know, I don't know.

Just think about the one day that he was like, oh man, I wish I had what gummo has.

You're demented. You understand?

Like something's wrong with your brain.

Okay, I guess so.

Anyway, but you were talking about your sex life- Yeah, shit, this guy to Alcatraz.

Oh my goodness, don't do that.

It's out of service.

That's right, there's a sign on the door.

And the prisoners have to swim back to the mainland.

But tell me about your sex life because you've been married to Barbara- Boy, oh boy.

For your entire life, things got stale.

Hold on a second. I haven't been married to her my entire life.

You took 18 years off or so at the beginning.

We got married young, yeah. We were in our 20s, you know.

You felt something about her- People married young in those days.

You looked at her, you felt a twinge.

I said, who's this beautiful girl?

Mm-hmm.

And she said, who's this ugly guy from the Bronx?

Who's this Jewish guy? Have we ever figured that out?

I'm not Jewish, I'm Italian.

I don't know.

You see the world in a very strange way.

I don't know, Gary. I don't know.

Please call me Mr. Marshall.

Alright, so we're back to that?

Yeah, I think so.

Is it just the opposite of whatever I do?

I think we could use a little propriety at this place.

Alright, Mr. Marshall, how's that? Is that better?

Please call me Gary.

Alright, Gary. Gary, tell me about your sex life. Who are you fucking now?

Listen, this is... I'm married to the same woman.

Perhaps you are alluding to a strange relationship- It was weird.

That I embarked upon with a young lady.

It was an illicit affair.

Yes, you could say that. This is a young lady.

Yes, I grant you that permission.

I appreciate that.

This is a young lady. She's an actress here in Hollywood.

We met doing your podcast. She found out that I'm a wealthy older man.

She conspired blatantly right in front of me to have me murder my wife, marry her, and then become rich due to being my wife.

She would be rich, not you. You would be as rich as you were before. Slightly less.

I'm just always getting richer.

Right.

So, you know, I get paid these residuals. It's crazy.

As far as I know, the rich get richer. And the poor? Well, they get poorer.

They get poorer. Yeah. Yeah, it's a good set up. For the rich.

Sure. Oh, yeah.

For the poor, I can see how you wouldn't like it.

What percentile of richness would you say you are in terms of the world?

Bring back the sex questions. This is even more crass.

Probably 1%.

You're in the top one.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Must be nice.

It is.

Must be nice.

It is. I live in Bel-Air, a gated community. I got a house that's like a castle blew up.

A castle blew up?

Yeah.

So it's so wide and expansive.

That's right.

It's like meaning blew up like a balloon?

Yeah.

Oh, I see.

It's like a castle had an allergy to something.

Okay, so it's not like a castle that someone bombed and there's rubble everywhere.

It's like if there was a royal family, they were made of peanuts.

Uh-huh.

They moved into this castle. This castle had a nut allergy.

I see. So the royal family was made of peanuts.

It's a race of peanut people and they're led by a king.

So is it an entire town of peanut people?

No, it's a whole country.

It's a whole country.

Yeah, you don't have a king of a town. That's a mayor.

And they've been wandering, what, the desert for 40-odd years and he's led them to this castle?

No, they're dumb. They're made out of peanuts so they never lived in shelter.

So they're just kind of wandering around in a circle and at one point they stumble upon- They're just like all sitting around like, hey, your majesty, what do you want to do today?

And he's like, you're looking at it.

And then, you know, it rained and everybody would say, ah, this stinks.

I would think a peanut in the rain, that gets soggy.

That's, oh, what a beautiful turn of phrase. A peanut in the rain.

It gets soggy.

Beautiful.

So then this king- At one point they wander into this castle, they rub up against it.

That's right.

The castle has a peanut.

No, no, here's what happens. There's like a guy in the court of the peanuts who's like, he's like the Vinci of the peanuts.

Okay, sure.

So he's like, hey, idiots, it's simple. Here's what you do.

You build a structure. Everybody can live inside it.

So you don't have to get wet in the rain.

We don't have to be a peanut in the rain anymore.

Exactly. We can be warm, dry peanuts.

Toasted even.

Toasted, roasted by the fire.

Salted.

We sprinkle salt on ourselves and we'll eat each other. We 're a cannibal kingdom.

Sure, of course. Last man standing.

First man.

To the victor goes the spoiler.

That's right.

The old saying.

Yes, to the, yes.

So.

Is this how, by the way, is this how Mr. Peanut came to be?

This is later.

Is he the last peanut standing?

This is later. He's the last in the line of the peanut king .

And yet he advertises for other peanuts, inanimate peanuts, to be eaten.

Interesting.

Yeah, cause he's a cannibal. He can't help it.

It's in his nature.

But you'll notice he dresses in a very elegant manner with the top hat, the monocle.

To disguise his nature.

No. To flaunt his nature. He's the scented of nobleman.

I thought it was because much like all of us, any time we put on clothes is to disguise our very base human disgusting nature.

I mean, look at you. You have an argyle sweater. What are you trying to say about yourself?

You're putting on airs of like, I'm a classy gentleman?

Much like Mr. Peanut. What I'm trying to say is, don't eat me. It would be a hassle to get through all this stuff for you.

Right.

Move along.

Move along to another peanut.

That's right. This is the shark theory. Sharks, they see a guy in a scuba suit. They're like, ooh, delicious seal.

They bite into him, they're like, hey, you're not a seal, you tricked me.

Too much rubber. Yeah.

They move along to something else.

You ever seen the movie Jaws?

What's that?

Okay. So now we're talking about the peanuts. They get in, they create the structure and...

They build a castle.

Yes.

Right? They get in there. Somehow this castle, it's got a nut allergy.

It's got a peanut allergy.

Yeah.

As you said.

Yeah.

Somehow. Now, when you say somehow, what do you mean? Like, how does it happen?

I mean, it was a mistake in the building. Probably in the mortaring together of the stones.

Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.

Then maybe they used... Here's what probably happened. They probably... You know how like, there's workers that died, they're inside Hoover Dam.

Yeah.

It's like this, somebody's...

It's creepy to think about when you think about it.

Oh, I think it's exciting.

To know that there are skeletons inside that dam?

Yeah. Oh, especially the skeleton part. To look at Hoover Dam, I get my grandkids together, I say, look, Bobby's going to show you something.

Look at that. Honey, look, there's skeletons in there. And the kid's like, oh, Bobby, why did you tell us that?

And they run away and they hide. They think it's Halloween.

They come back later, ask for candy. I'm like, no, you're shit out of luck.

It's just skeletons in there. Guys die.

They like that kind of language when you say shit out of luck.

They do.

They learn it from you, I think.

Maybe they do. A case could be made.

What's the nastiest word you've ever said?

said, are you trying to wind up to it?

Just trying to get your mouth.

Uh, I think cock.

I think so, but it's contextual.

It's sure.

Well, in what context?

I worked on a farm.

So on the farm, when I was first learning the film game, I worked on a farm.

Sure.

And I used to run the projector at a farm.

And, and what opportunity did you have to say that word while you were running the projector on this farm?

There was a chicken running around.

Okay.

See, it's not such a big, wait, there was a double meeting and everybody enjoyed a nice little giggle.

Okay.

So I said, I got to get my cock out of here and everybody, this is big and farms.

Did you take your penis out at that moment?

Yeah.

My wife might be watching this.

Barbara, turn off your YouTube at this.

Did you really?

Yeah, I did.

I was a young guy.

I was, uh, you know, you make mistakes.

Hopefully you learn a mistake or did anyone, I mean, I'm not proud of it.

Yeah.

I'm not proud of it.

You're not proud of your penis or just the opportunity?

Both, both.

Really?

I'm ashamed of the human body.

Yeah, I get that.

I think we're disgusting.

So you don't have a problem penis in general.

You, you just in having one.

Same problem penis as everybody else.

Yeah.

The fact that we have them is a problem.

You led me down a road.

Oh, the primrose path.

It's not what I call it.

Let's get back to what we were talking about.

Filth alley.

Let's get back to what you're talking about.

You, you, you had, you had an affair with a young woman, but that's all over.

Yeah.

It's it's, uh, you know, it's over.

We, we, uh, you know, we came back on this program.

You guys had split up.

I revealed to her, I didn't actually murder my wife.

Uh, I put her in suspended animation.

She was of course, very upset.

Uh, granted her a Belair divorce.

Which, uh, Morgan Freeman gives to you as I recall.

Denzel Washington, but, uh, nice try.

Okay.

I guess I have the problem.

Who was it?

George Washington Carver.

Peanuts.

Calling him back.

Uh, yeah, so then we got divorced and, um, and that was it.

And she's not coming back on this program because, uh, as a matter of fact, she's here right now, she's here, honey.

You want to come in here?

She's here right now.

Come on in here, honey.

Uh, yeah, it's Gillian Jacobs.

Hey, Gilly.

Gilly.

How are you?

Sorry.

Hi.

Just catching him up on a history.

Hi.

It's not, I'm surprised to see you.

Well, yeah, you didn't invite me, but I'm here nonetheless.

For the record, I also did not invite her.

What, what is happening right now?

I sent him a text message and, um, Do you receive texts?

I received them.

I don't send them.

What does he text back to you, Gilly?

He, usually it's those three dots.

Like he's writing something, but nothing ever comes through .

I don't know how to make it go.

So you, you press on the thing and then it's just, yeah, you have no idea.

I get like the little balloon means you talk here stupid.

And then, but I don't know.

Uh, I don't know what are you supposed to do after that?

Yeah.

Um, but anyway, I texted him that I had something really important to tell him and I wanted to do this in private, but I guess, you know, this is the only time you could, Whoa.

So this is happening.

Whatever is happening is happening right here.

Yes.

Live on our show.

My goodness.

I don't like the sound of this already.

Well, Gary, You have a, you have a sweatshirt.

What?

Oh yeah.

What were you going to say?

Continue to call me Gary.

Um, why do you, it's so hot in the studio.

Why do you have a sweatshirt?

And, um, what I wanted to tell you, Gary, is that you're a father again.

What?

This is crazy at my age.

That, that sperm's good.

Wow.

That's nice to hear.

Uh, by the way, that's what she said.

Yeah.

That's what I did say.

Yeah.

Also, I guess that's not really a double.

Well, I guess, uh, I guess this is to be expected.

So you, you don't wrap a Jimmy on that?

Who, who has the time anymore?

You know what I mean?

I don't, I don't expect to be alive five minutes from now.

They don't make them that small.

So we just didn't bother.

Oh, listen to this.

Listen to this.

Regular, uh, uh, Tony fields over here.

Regular shields in your now.

They were mimes honey.

Okay.

So, uh, here's what happens.

They were mimes honey.

Another great turn of phrase.

After the last.

A peanut in the rain.

They were mimes honey.

After the last time we saw each other, uh, you know, we're waiting in the elevator.

Uh, stone cold silence.

I mean, it is thick in there.

It's like a madman.

A fog of silence.

Yeah.

So, uh, we eventually get stuck in the elevator.

It's like something out of a sitcom.

Wait a minute.

So the elevator stopped after this program.

Yeah.

It got stuck.

Yeah.

You were here in February.

That's right.

We're forced to talk to each other.

So eventually we're told we're making nice.

Everything's fine.

Uh, we're talking about work.

She's on a sitcom.

I created the modern sitcom.

Um, at this point, uh, you know, she doesn't know if community's coming back.

Uh, this is a show.

Uh, it was just about to premiere at that point.

Yeah.

It's on the bubble.

Right?

Sure.

Yeah.

So, uh, time panic.

Do you need that?

Uh, adjusted for but I'm not this short.

Maybe someone thought you had terrible posture.

Talk while I'm doing.

They thought, they saw your army jacket.

They're like, Hey, Travis Bickle over here.

Let him, uh, slouch it in a microphone.

Very funny.

You know what?

I'm a new mother.

I don't have time for, you know, very good at it so far.

They're holding the baby upside down.

You gotta watch out for the fontanelle, which is not a girl group, by the way.

It's not, it was that Fonzie's girlfriend.

Pinky Tuscadero.

Oh, okay.

I thought it was Fontanelle.

Sorry.

Um, so, um, so she says, he's a beautiful little, uh, for those of you just listening, that was something I didn't want to get to until later, but our, our child was born without genitals.

Can I, can I feel that?

Yeah.

Get in there.

There's nothing to do.

Nothing there.

This is making me very uncomfortable.

Nothing there either.

That's just a dent.

There's no hole.

There's no butthole.

I'd love to tear him a new one.

He is, he is, he is what happened.

I said, I'll make you a bet.

If Community gets picked up for another season, I will have sex with you.

I never thought in a million years that show would get picked up.

No one did.

It's all references.

Hey, this guy, he's like, he loves the movie so much.

Let's do the movie.

They do the movie.

All right.

That's the story.

Yeah.

It's like, you know, Hey, I love reservoir dogs.

They start it.

And then by the end, you know, Mr.

Pink gets shot the end.

What?

So anyway, um, so yeah, we are, so what I'm not understanding is you're trapped in the elevator in February.

Yeah.

You promise to have sex with her.

If it gets picked up, it was picked up maybe three weeks ago.

That's right.

Yeah.

And there's a baby here.

Yep.

Thank you for walking me through the timeline.

Cause this does seem strange.

It seems a little strange because how old is this baby?

This baby's non-gendered baby.

This baby's like nine hours old.

You said, you said this baby today.

Yep.

So tracking nine months back, that's November.

Which is when you guys were.

Okay.

So maybe this is, Oh, did you hear that?

Oh my goodness.

It's talking.

So, so maybe this baby was conceived while you guys were still in the throes of passion.

I think this baby was conceived in February.

Hold on a second.

That's when all babies are conceived in the throes of passion.

Yeah.

No, it wasn't conceived on the phone, but my, well, it could have been rape.

Boy.

Oh boy.

I don't think that word has ever been said on this program, please.

Gilly.

Sorry.

I mean, I'm just saying.

Can't believe that actually happened.

But, uh, did you guys have sex in the elevator?

People want to know.

No, no, no, no.

We didn't have sex.

We had phone sex in the elevator.

With whom?

With each other?

I said, Hey, I'm getting a signal.

Are you?

She said, yes, we turned our backs.

We sat back to back and we had phone sex in the elevator.

So you were sitting back to back though.

So you could sort of feel the vibrations of what it, what you guys were doing.

Yeah, it was very erotic.

Yeah.

Okay.

So wait, you have phone sex in the elevator.

Yes.

And, uh, then five months later, there's a baby.

No.

Well, yeah, we had penetrative sex.

When did it get picked up?

Like two weeks ago or something like that?

I think so.

Something like that.

Yeah.

And you penetrated her, she says.

This is, we're talking about sexual intercourse.

Yeah.

But just like, like burst in there.

Hey.

I'm not Barbara Marx.

All right.

So I, how does this happen?

Gilly?

Well, he undid his pants.

Oh my goodness.

Continue.

Pulled down his underwear.

Oh God.

Please go on.

I mean, it sounds less erotic now in the telling.

Yeah.

Tidy whities or what's the word?

Uh, he wears loose boxers.

Very loose, barely held up.

Who's texting you?

The professionalism council.

Oh, look at that.

So good.

Um, and he wears loose boxers.

Loose boxes.

Yeah.

Like one size too big.

The elastic's kind of worn out.

They're barely, they're barely holding on.

They're perfectly good.

Why should I throw them away?

He's got a tight belt over those pants.

So you penetrate Gilly here.

Yep.

And how does a baby, do you have like some sort of super sperm?

Is that what we're?

I told you the sperm is good.

How many, how many of your kids came about in this manner where they were born within two weeks?

Uh, all of them.

Sorry, it's hungry.

I got to.

Oh my goodness.

All of my viewers are getting a treat here.

Right through the clothes.

It's a strong baby.

Uh, yeah, all my children had a gestation period of two weeks.

Can I, okay.

And this is going to sound really crazy.

And I, I hesitate to even say it quite honestly, because it sounds fanciful and I think the answer has to be no.

All right.

Uh, I don't think it's possible what I'm asking, but I'm just going to throw it out there anyway.

Okay.

Are you from some sort of race of alien super beings?

Never been asked that before.

I can see why not.

It couldn't even be possible.

I don't know why I asked it, but are you some sort of alien super being that comes from another world that has come here to impregnate our women, our Hollywood actresses?

I mean, that's not the only thing I came here to do.

Oh, sir.

Yeah.

Yeah, I am.

You are?

Yeah.

God.

Yeah.

From outer space.

Yeah.

Why, what was the other thing you came here to do to create a Hollywood television shows movies?

And what about the Loch Ness monster in the Bigfoot?

I'm trying to find that Loch Ness monster.

Why are you trying to find them?

Are they a threat to your super being?

I want, no, I want to bring the Loch Ness monster back to my home planet as an example of a mythology.

I was going to say, as an example of earth creatures, it's not an example of earth creatures because no one's been able to find it.

Well, honestly is the thing.

I've become very attached to the earth and I don't want it to be destroyed.

So I think if I bring the Loch Ness monster back there, everybody will be afraid.

They won't destroy the earth.

Gary.

No, I'm not so bad after all.

Gary.

Oh, I just, I'm just a simple guy from another planet.

I want to impregnate Hollywood actresses, make movies and find the Loch Ness monster and scare my home planet.

Two part question.

What is the name of your home planet and B are we under threat of being destroyed by them?

I'll take the second part first, Scott.

That's fair.

Yes, you are.

Uh, you are in danger of being destroyed by my planet.

Looming danger danger.

Number two, the name of the planet is Greg ward.

Greg ward.

Yes.

Is that with a hyphen at all?

Nope.

Just just like it sounds and are all the letters right after each other?

No, no, they're all mixed up.

Not on your planet.

Hmm.

Interesting.

Wow.

And so this is an alien half alien.

I mean, I'm assuming you're a human being.

Wait, I have a question for you.

This makes a lot of sense now.

Now on your planet are babies born sans genitals.

Yeah, we don't need them.

So then how did you get your dick of yours?

I mean, what, where'd that come from?

You sweet to say, um, that beautiful, sweet dick.

Where did it come from?

It's a thing that I can grow.

Hmm.

If I need to.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

We're compatible with any species in the universe.

Under dire circumstances, you can grow that.

So can this baby grow what it needs to grow?

No.

You can start to, cause it's only half.

Oh, he's a happy.

Yeah.

What do I do about the lack of butthole?

You won't have to worry about it.

All right.

Do I feed it?

Do I keep feeding it?

Nope.

Oh, never feed it.

Oh, did you?

Well, I held it.

Yeah.

Then you've held it like that.

That's not really been doing that's feeding, but it was through.

I mean, it threw my shirt.

So why have you been doing it?

It wanted to.

Oh, we got me.

It's talking.

Was that you?

I don't think so.

Her mouth wasn't moving.

Obviously.

It wasn't.

I wasn't paying attention.

Well, this is a fascinating story and I want to know more about this.

I'm sure people are bored.

You think people are bored by the revelation that there's alien life here on earth?

All right.

Well, you are, uh, you have a shorter attention span than I , but we get to be my age every, you've heard it all before.

Yeah.

You've heard that there are aliens.

Okay.

Yeah.

How old are you?

On your planet?

Yeah.

Quite old.

Your planet.

I am a spring chicken teenager.

So you're going to live forever?

Joy, right?

Well, on my planet, if I stay here much longer, I will die.

On your planet, rich or poor?

Uh, poor.

So this baby doesn't have a stone's throw.

What are you going back?

That's not a thing.

No, it's got to be a thing.

A stone's throw?

It's gotta be a thing.

It's within a stone's throw.

Here, catch.

Hey, come on.

We should, Oh, look, guys, we need to take a break.

I'm going to examine this baby.

Try to see what the butthole situation really is.

And, uh, we'll be right back.

More comedy, bang, bang, more, more, uh, uh, Gary Marshall.

Please call me Gary.

I will.

I did and more gilly and, uh, we'll come right back after this.

Join us.

Leave your fields to flower.

All right.

We are back comedy, bang, bang.

Welcome back to the show.

Uh, we are here with of course, Gary.

Yeah.

I'm trying to figure this out.

What are you trying to figure out?

I'm trying to tell my grandkids, uh, how to watch this.

You want them to, do they know you're an alien?

You want them to hear about this?

Well, I want them to know eventually, and this seems like a good enough way to do it.

Okay.

Uh, we also have Gilly here and, uh, child, child.

Yeah.

Have you named your child yet?

Big boy, big boy.

And, uh, we have a question from Twitter.

Uh, if that's all right, uh, Elizabeth C AKA at ECC TV asks , was the newly admitted alien, Mr.

Marshall's Mork and Mindy inspired by his own story?

Oh, that never occurred to me.

Isn't that funny?

So when you came up with the idea for Mork and Mindy, that didn't strike a chord with you or?

No.

Boy.

Oh boy.

That was right in front of me.

Oh, there's so many stories I could have drawn on.

I know.

I mean that would have saved myself a lot of trouble.

Instead.

Everything was about Boulder, Colorado.

Yeah.

Should I had a set in the Bronx?

Sorry to spit on you.

Did I spit anywhere near you when I just laughed like that?

Oh, okay.

Oh, Gilly, you're into some weird shit.

I've noticed today.

Yeah.

Um, she's quite an adventurous young lady.

I love that.

All right.

Well, we'll talk a little bit more about what are you glaring at me for?

He strikes me as a creep.

Um, we have a new guest we have to get to.

Hey, all right.

He's sitting right next to you.

Hey, there he is.

Sitting right here, yes.

And I don't know anything about him, but his name is Ducky Powell.

And it says here you are an extreme adventure skier.

That's right, Scott.

Thank you very much for having me.

I mean, I'm an extreme adventure skier.

My name is Ducky Powell.

And when I'm not on podcasts, I'm spending my time cruising down the nastiest slopes, thrashing some tasty, tasty powder and grabbing nasty bits of tasty, tasty air.

Okay.

And how often are you on podcasts then?

I'm trying to figure out exactly what is the ratio of time?

The breakdown of time.

Yeah.

This is the very first.

Oh, okay.

So the majority of my time is spent grabbing that tastier I was talking about.

Okay.

Just a moment.

See ya.

Fantastic.

So what, uh, are you a, uh, in competition?

I am a sponsored, uh, extreme adventure skier, meaning I will, uh, go off huge mountains, grabbing air as far as 70 to 50 feet.

You just went backwards.

What are you talking about?

Dropping 70 to 50 feet.

Oh, okay.

Mm-hmm.

Uh, all the while doing daffies, back scratchers, and 180 hose bones alike.

I'm seeing a lot of confusion.

Do you ski at all, Gary?

Uh, no.

You've not, you've never known grabbing air.

You've never skied before?

No, I also don't hit my foot with a hammer.

I've never skied either.

It seems impossible.

You're a rich man.

Where do you vacation?

I vacation in warm places.

Why would I, I grew up in the Bronx.

Why would I go where it's cold?

It's cold in the Bronx sometimes.

That's what I'm saying.

I go to warm places on vacation.

This guy, I don't know.

What about water skiing?

Gotcha.

Uh, water skiing I've done.

Game set and match.

We have different slang.

That's a tough topic for me, Scott.

Water skiing?

Water skiing indeed.

Because the snow would have melted.

Yes.

And there's nothing I hate more than, well, dead snow.

It really, when snow melts, you consider it to be dead?

More dead snow.

Gilly just grabbed the water.

Kind of important to human life, drinking water.

Well, I do eat a lot.

I, like I said, I munch powder.

So you eating both that I ski, munching powder means ski, but I also eat snow.

Well, you eat some, do you eat regular food as well?

Like there's powdered foods.

Uh, well, of course I can.

Like the astronaut.

Yeah.

Yep.

I will.

Anything an astronaut gives me, I will eat.

Uh, but my preferred.

Astronaut has to give it to you personally?

I thought that was, yeah, I thought that was the case with astronaut food.

Have you tried that?

Uh, this seems like it would be right up your alley.

Have you tried that astronaut ice cream?

Well, yes, I, an astronaut did hand me some on a chairlift one afternoon.

Was it a famous ice cream?

Why, what is he doing on a chairlift?

Why can't an astronaut ski?

It's so crazy that I had never been skiing and then it's like an astronaut though.

What the, he can't ski.

Uh, you know, but water skied?

You got me.

I think so.

So we had an astronaut, you sat next to him on, he was, yes , he was, he wanted to thrash some powder.

As many of us do.

Care for this lingo.

And he, uh, you know, poked me on the shoulder.

I turned to him and he passed me some astronaut food.

He had to poke you on the shoulder in order to do it.

I was staring at, I was staring at the snow.

Sure.

A hungrily or yeah, I was staring at licking my lips and rubbing my belly.

I see.

Uh, as I would soon be cruising it and eating it.

What are you eating it on purpose or are you falling down and it gets in your mouth?

Should I take it started?

I bet.

Yeah.

Should I, should I, on my first tumble skiing, I ended up with a mouthful of the sweet powder to which I chewed and swallowed.

He chewed the snow.

It was a, some of it was ice.

And, uh, to my surprise, a huge smile.

Begot my face.

A huge smile.

What?

Begot your face.

My face.

All right.

Bible talk.

And you mean got on your face.

It nearly leapt to my face.

Scott nearly, but it did not.

That means like your face birth to smile.

Right.

Begot.

That's right.

Yeah.

That's very poetic.

Wow.

Begot.

Just like I got this thing earlier.

Please.

That's my son.

Do you not fond of your son anymore?

Beca or, or daughter?

I don't know because it's an alien.

Can I, can I be Frank Scott?

Please.

Hi, my name's Frank.

Um, worthy of squiggly.

Wonderful.

One to write that one down too late.

Already used it.

Ah, now that I've heard that.

Mr.

Marshall is worth.

Please call me Gary.

Now that I heard that Gary is not worth a lot of money on his alien home planet.

And he's not long for this world.

An alien, by the way.

Yeah, no, I heard that outside.

I think that's fantastic.

Okay.

Thank you.

What is your alien name?

Oh, it's unpronounceable.

Really?

Is it the N word?

Is that why?

Yes.

And yes, and it's not the N word you're thinking of.

Oh, really?

That's right.

Which one?

Oh, it's a word we have on my home planet.

Hmm.

Is it nasty?

Now you like things that are nasty.

I enjoy things that are nasty.

This is the slang that I know.

Yes.

Well, so where are we?

In this, we seem to be at a stale place.

What?

We find ourselves at a curious crossroads.

I'm maybe the hottest I've ever been.

I should say, Scott, don't take that jacket off.

No, I will not.

What brings you by today?

Was that sort of a question that I'll host my next?

I was going to sing a song if I could.

Oh boy.

Yes.

Music, music, music.

Music, music.

Music.

Yes, yes, music, music, music.

Yeah, yeah, music, music.

Sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it.

The song.

Well, I would enjoy some accompaniment if possible.

He's got a mellifluous voice.

What is it?

I can carry it too.

Guys, do you hear that?

You're not wearing headphones.

No.

I see gnarly trails, fresh powder too.

I grab bits of air, so tasty it's true.

And I think to myself, what a thrashable slope.

Ugh.

Music, music, music.

All my ski buds are grabbing tasty air.

I'm going to count these.

There are smiles on their faces as they pop nasty flare.

I see gnarly back scratchers.

What?

And tasty daffies too.

They're tricks.

What they're really saying is skiing fucking rules.

I munch tasty powder.

And I think, talking about snow, there are so many trails.

And I'll never know.

Oh, they got emotional.

And I think to myself, what a thrashable slope.

Aw.

And I think to myself, what a nasty, tasty, gnarly little slope.

Skiing rules.

Oh, wow.

Thank you.

You certainly went on.

Now, I did get a little.

Why did you sing that?

You said you wanted to sing that, and then you did, right?

Well, yeah, I jumped the gun before I said exactly why I wanted to sing it.

And that's why I got choked up.

That was a song my father and I used to sing.

He was a nasty little skater in his own right.

When was this?

About three years ago, he went rocketing off a slope.

Oh, I'm sorry.

And well, yeah, we haven't.

On to what?

He was off.

He went rocketing off a slope.

He went missing.

Who knows?

I don't know if he landed.

Oh, he never recovered a body.

Let me ask, was your father an astronaut?

Yes.

And so he literally rocketed.

And?

Was he the astronaut who handed you all that food?

That was my question.

No, no, no.

This was at that.

Yeah, that event was at an astronaut ski outing.

Oh, OK, that your father happened to be at.

Now it's making a little more sense.

No wonder you're running into so many astronauts.

They're eating the food.

Yeah, no, I should have explained that.

But it's been a lot.

It's been very hard for me, but I'll come on podcasts.

This is my first one.

And sing that song in his honor.

You're predicting what's going to happen in your life.

I've got a few months of no snow ahead of me.

I'm going to fill that with going on podcasts and singing this exact song each time.

This must be a tough time for you these summer months.

Yeah, is that difficult?

It is painful.

Of course, I'm still wearing my ski outfit right now.

We all want to be as hot as we possibly could.

So we all are wearing a sweater.

Well, I do want to be ready at all times in case a flake of snow should drop.

Just one flake.

It's not going to.

Los Angeles.

Then I'll zoom into my car and up to the mountain, I'll go in case 20 feet of fresh powder should fall.

20 feet?

That's a lot of snow.

There's no sense in, there's no negative in dreaming, is there?

There's no negative in dreaming.

That's true.

A lot of wonderful turns of phrase this show.

There is no negative in dreaming.

There's no negative in dreaming.

There's not a stone's throw.

There's not a stone's throw of negative in dreaming.

I hope someone puts that on a pillow and smothers me.

I want that on a pillow.

Right?

That's not bad.

You're still right for Dick Van Dyke.

What are you doing here though?

You're not obviously here just to talk about powder or to sing songs.

You obviously have some purpose that you're here.

Go tell us why you're here.

It really was just the song.

And to tell you about.

That can't be true.

That's not possible.

It is.

There has to be more to you.

Well if anyone wants to tweet or twitter in, I can predict possibly snow conditions in the coming season .

That ought to get them.

Yeah all right.

I wouldn't be opposed to that.

Let's let's uh.

So they tweet to at Scott Ockerman.

I don't know.

I'm sure we're gonna take some uh we're gonna take some uh uh questions.

And uh actually why don't we take a break right now and we 'll go to uh the board and the comments and all that and try to get some questions .

We'll be right back.

We'll have more Gary Marshall.

More Ducky and more Gilly.

More Baby.

More me.

We'll come right back.

We'll see you soon.

Bye.

Hi welcome back.

We're here Comedy Bang Bang.

We have Gary Marshall here.

What an amazing canonical show.

We are in the middle.

I don't know about that.

We have Gilly here.

We have the baby.

What are you doing with the baby there?

Oh sorry it was going for my face.

Gilly.

I'm sorry this thing is strong.

They're very rambunctious at that age.

Oh my gosh I wish that some of you people could see this.

And we have uh Ducky something.

Ducky Powell indeed.

Ducky Powell yes.

Who uh we have some- Ducky Powell indeed.

We have some questions for you Ducky.

Oh I'm surprised.

We've gone to Twitter for some questions.

I am I am surprised.

Furvel Lenkman aka At Accused Wizard asks Snow in Denver Colorado?

Uh I can answer him only honestly not just yet.

It is the summer after all.

It is the summer I will say that uh- Not just yet.

I could no no not not at this moment in time.

I've heard report earlier this morning that no snow has fallen.

Patience at Accused Wizard.

Spaceman Spoof asks who are the who are the fans of this show?

Cartoon.

Spaceman Spoof asks I'm going to go grocery shopping at 3 23 p.m on November 12th 2013.

Can you ask Ducky what the snow will look like then?

Is he skiing on a mountain?

Let me see where Spaceman Spoof is from.

Wisconsin.

There will definitely be some tasty tasty drips on his way to whatever destination he chooses.

And uh uh Jay Spanbauer is asking- Oh I don't get that one.

Is asking Gary is there snow on Gary's home planet?

Oh there is a snow uh that comes out of the ground.

That's different.

It doesn't yeah it doesn't fall in the sky.

Can I ask you a question about that snow?

Sure ask me any question.

Let's let's just agree that we can all ask each other questions and we don't have to ask if we can ask them.

That's fair.

Can I be frank?

Let's let's agree that we can all be frank.

Hi I'm Frank.

There we go hello.

Love it.

My question is is the snow threshold?

The snow threshold yeah I get this a lot.

The snow is uh- You seemed like you uh didn't want to talk about snow at all.

No well I didn't want to talk about your earth snow because I'm sure you think it's very thrashable but uh- Crucible indeed.

Not like the the thrashable snow on my own planet which you would love.

Because it's like uh it comes up right in front of you so you go up up up up up up.

It's like flowers bursting out of the ground right?

It's like flowers bursting out of the ground.

You can come off I bet the ski lift and there's no snow and then the minute you get off it's like that's exactly right it anticipates where you're going to be.

Does it anticipate grabbing tasty air?

Of course it does.

This is some very smart snow.

Listen son I think you would like my home planet a great deal.

What's it called?

Wait a minute are you yeah what is it called?

You know what it's called I told you earlier.

Of course I don't.

I don't listen.

I know it started with a g that's all I remember.

Gregor'd.

Gregor'd of course.

Now on Gregor'd are you trying to take Ducky to Gregor'd?

You keep inviting him.

I'm offering him an invitation if you'd like to go.

I would indeed love to go.

I would take you on my spacecraft and fly you to my own planet.

Would you constantly probe him while you were flying?

Not constantly.

Define constantly.

Around the clock.

So not that?

It's how it's it's how my uh my spaceship is fueled.

With anal probes?

Fecal matter?

Well I mean that's what you're getting up there right?

No!

You can probe a nose.

We're not taking any samples.

You're not probing.

You're not scraping the walls?

No you're not just looking.

Look around all the orifices.

So merely.

Make sure you clean your ears too.

Merely the sight of it is powering your ship.

I'm not even looking.

Then what is powering your ship?

It's just the motion of the poking around.

The motion of the ocean.

All right what were you gonna ask, Gilly?

Um I was gonna ask the motion of the poking.

Um don't they want to kill earthlings on your planet?

Might it not be dangerous for Ducky to go there?

Yes!

Great question!

If I it's not a listen it's not a trap.

You know if I wanted to trap and kill earthlings I wouldn't be trying to bring the Loch Ness monster up there right?

I would just say guys come on down kaboom that's it.

Here's why I want to take you up there.

And don't take offense at this.

I never would.

I'll get you up there they'll say oh they're not worth destroying.

Ah.

Uh or or might they see the beauty and the majesty of him grabbing some tasty air?

No it's what I said.

No okay.

So uh they wouldn't like to see a back scratcher or Daffy?

They might but I probably what would happen is you'd end up in a zoo.

Okay.

I have a question here from Twitter.

Joshua Agerstand asks what religion will you raise your alien child?

Oh that's a good one.

I was raised Catholic here on your planet.

Oh is this a deal breaker?

What are you?

Gilly what are you?

I was baptized Catholic.

That's right.

Confirmed Presbyterian and then chose to be Unitarian.

A 180 in your own right.

Hunter Tour aka at Bango Skank asks why doesn't- Much more preferable.

Why doesn't Mr. Powell go somewhere else in the world?

There must be thrashable slopes on Everest.

Please call him Dougie.

I don't have the funds at the moment to be world traveling and air grabbing as I uh would like to be.

This is uh not exactly shocking to hear.

Dougie Dougie Dougie.

How much money do you make in a year?

Well I do make a uh handsome amount it's about 80,000 sponsors included.

But I have blown a lot of that looking for well my father who rocketed off that mountain all those- Wait a minute.

I wonder if your father has ever been to his home planet.

Oh he is an astronaut.

Have you uh on your planet ever seen a guy who is six feet tall?

Sounds familiar narrow it down.

That's really his only distinguishing trait.

His only distinguishing trait is- He might be an earthling astronaut.

Getting warmer.

Is wearing skis.

And an astronaut suit right?

And is possibly talking about me or singing that song I was just singing earlier.

That does sound familiar.

Have I met that guy?

Is your father's name...

Krabby?

It's close.

Uh it's not in bed.

Oh you definitely met an astronaut wearing skis who was singing that song named Krabby?

I met a guy on my own planet uh he was flying around in space in a capsule.

Full astronaut uh uh get up skis.

I says what's your name?

He says I answer the Krabby.

Okay and what is your father's name?

It's it's Gabby.

Oh maybe I couldn't hear him so well through the helmet.

You were wearing a helmet?

He was wearing a helmet.

Were you both wearing helmets?

Be honest.

I was also wearing a helmet.

Alright it was worth a shot.

I knew it I just took a look at your face and I was like this motherfucker's been wearing a helmet as well.

On my planet we all dress like spacemen.

Is that fun for you guys?

It's a lot of fun yeah.

We sit around we're like hey guys we're on an alien planet let's have some fun.

You consider your planet to be alien.

Wait a minute.

Did you colonize that planet are you not from that planet?

I'm not from that planet I'm from here.

This what?

What?

Yeah.

What?

This is way too much.

I'm just regular old Gary Marshall but when I was a kid I built a spaceship.

Wait a second and you you went to that planet?

Yeah.

And you are an alien upon that planet?

Yeah but I disguised myself as one of them.

Which wearing the helmet?

Yeah.

Which is why you love earth so much?

Yeah because it's my hometown.

Ah the Bronx.

The Bronx.

Yeah yeah.

Yeah.

Well that ties into a question I have here from Macintosh RJ.

Is Penny Marshall also an alien or was Gary raised by a human family like Superman?

Penny Marshall is not an alien she is a ghost.

What?

That's right she's a Victorian ghost.

Wait what happened to this guy's sunglasses exploded?

Oh I had to open them up when I heard that you were from my eyes.

Pure surprise blew your sunglasses apart.

They shut open.

Did not expect to see that.

For the listeners who cannot watch us my glasses are open in front of my face.

Glasses are open.

So she's a ghost.

I think they'll understand from that description.

His glasses are now open.

Penny's a ghost we'll just move on right past that.

Penny Marshall is a Victorian ghost.

We'll talk about that another time I would imagine.

Sure.

We'll figure out exactly when she died.

It'll keep.

Yep okay and uh okay here's one from LM23 or Medrus.

Will the half alien baby age at a normal earth rate or will it mature super fast all the film species?

Please mature.

Hey Juliard over here.

That's right.

And how here's another question if you're an earthling how did you have an alien baby that was born in two weeks?

Wait a second.

Is this a normal kid?

She's banging it against the table.

Hey please don't punch it in the non-butthole.

Sounds like a hollow baby.

Uh I guess I might as well tell you uh it's a doll.

What?

Yeah.

How did a doll come out of your vagina?

I hid it in there.

You hid it in there while you were having sex with her?

No later when she was asleep.

What?

After pillow time.

Pillow time?

Yeah it was just like lying there having pillow talk.

What?

I've heard of pillow talk but pillow time?

That's when you have pillow talk.

Okay I did not know that.

So wait after that she drifted off to sleep?

She squared you know what I'm saying?

Did you drug her in order to do this?

No she's heavy sleeper.

Really?

That's true.

Yeah.

So wait you've been carrying that around ever since that night.

You pushed it out nine hours ago and I'm not a mother is that what you're telling me?

You're just the owner of a butthole-less doll.

Nasty.

That is indeed nasty.

Why would you do something like that Gary?

I'm mischievous and uh.

You're a prankster?

Yeah uh you know in my capacity as a fake alien here on this planet you know I'm sort of uh looking at everyone and judging them what fools these mortals be and that sort of thing the bard.

Oh the immortal bard of course.

Yeah and so uh I get up to high jinks.

And that's just one of your pranks that you played on a young woman.

One of my many pranks.

Who gave her your heart.

Her heart.

Well now she did ask me she didn't convince me to murder my wife for money.

That's true.

Which she did not do.

You're a liar.

Prank.

I keep falling for it.

Classic Gary Marshall fake alien prank.

Why were you so excited about this alien baby because you you thought that you were going to get some uh the old uh Marshall Riches?

Yo moolah scratch-a-roo.

By the way do you own the store Marshalls?

Yeah.

What?

You do.

I have a friend who does commercials for those.

Who?

Uh her name's Jessica something.

St. Clair.

Jessica St. Clair?

Yeah yeah yeah.

I thought we fired her.

You have oh I'm sorry I don't.

Oh shit.

Yeah she's still on that.

Yeah we might be burning off some of those ads but uh she was uh.

No she's still.

She was unlikable.

Yeah she there's something about her.

People would send me letters they would say I was gonna go to Marshalls.

I was gonna buy uh clothes for a wedding.

At an affordable price.

I saw this commercial this lady she made me feel less than.

These are the kind of things that people would say.

Yeah you should fire her.

Um but anyway.

Scott.

The original question still stands.

You're not wrong Scott.

Well that means I'm right.

Yeah.

Listen.

Tasty.

You know in the state of California you get a lot more money out of a man if you've had a child with him.

It's true.

So I'm thinking I don't know about you know the alimony situation Beverly Hills Bel Air divorce maybe we're never really married the courts aren't gonna recognize that.

It's like an annulment but with a sort of dark satanic ceremony.

Exactly that part I enjoyed.

It was fun.

Yeah it was fun.

I think.

You get to wear a cloak.

Mmm love a cloak.

Anyway I was thinking child support child support child support.

The three those.

I've heard of location location location child support child support child support.

Now you've heard of that.

I have heard of that now.

So you know.

Like pumpkin head?

Yeah.

Candyman is that what you're thinking?

I don't know.

I'm thinking pumpkin head but I don't know who you're thinking of.

Let's all take off a layer.

Are we playing strip podcast?

Strip podcast.

I'm taking off a layer.

Ahh.

Alright.

There we go.

That is tasty.

Alright.

Woo.

Yeah.

That's living.

I mean I know you're afraid of it but I would recommend some dead snow.

Can I be honest with you?

Yeah.

I've been sipping it all the podcast.

I want to ask.

All the while.

Gary.

Yeah.

What do you have in your pocket there?

What do you have in your front pocket?

Well it's a little communicator.

It looks to me like Listerine breath strips but it's a.

Of course I disguise it to look like that.

Oh okay.

You seem to get smart.

Hey guys call off the attack on the earth.

Oh.

Thank you very much.

And that is what we were hoping to achieve with this podcast.

And now if you don't mind I'd like to sing the skiing song.

Alright here we go.

But I don't want to listen to the music.

Tell me when it starts.

Okay here we go and here we go.

I see gnarly trails.

Tasty.

Fresh powder too.

With little bits of nasty.

I grab bits of air.

So tasty.

It's true.

And I think to myself.

Here's what I think.

What a thrashable slope.

Very tasty.

Indeed.

I'm more of an interpreter of song.

Let's just sing it.

Rex Harrison over there.

Oh my.

Oh a reference from my time.

All my ski buds.

They're grabbing tasty air.

There are smiles on their faces.

As they pop nasty flare.

Am I close?

I I what?

You couldn't be closer my man.

You're doing fantastic.

And I think to myself.

Oh that one.

I see.

Don't all the Max Gras tasty daffies do.

What they're really saying is skiing fucking rules.

My grandkids will love that.

I munch tasty powder.

I'm talking about snow.

There's so many trails.

Slower.

That I'll never know.

Sniff.

And I think to myself.

What a trashable slope.

You're getting choked up all over again.

Oh got to open up the glasses.

Yeah.

And I think to myself.

The whole rollout.

You paid the 99 cents for this.

What a nasty tasty gnarly little slow.

Very well done.

I accept your kudos.

Ducky I have a question.

Was your father accused of a crime at the time he disappeared?

Oh great question.

Crime my dear was.

Grabbing air.

Got to four blobs of ants.

Like red butler this guy.

Thrashing choice bits of powder.

But what else did he grab and what else did he thrash?

Yeah he grabbed ski poles and thrashed slopes.

Ducky let's get real okay.

Did he not I put it to you.

Grab a young child and thrash it to death.

I say that your father the so-called skiing astronaut was in reality the British shaking nanny.

Ah I cannot fully deny that and I won't.

There's a very good chance that my father Gabby.

Where was where was he on December 25th?

Vail Colorado.

Yes it doesn't matter the year.

And every Christmas we spent every Christmas.

You know what I'm going to say how many years ago.

Three.

No more than that.

A small town in Colorado on December 25th did he grab a small child named what was her name a young beauty queen.

Is this Twin Peaks?

Laura would tell you that.

No no.

Jean-Benet Ramsey.

Yes.

No no way.

I mean I wasn't with him every single hour of the day.

We can't assume we cannot assume that Gabby stole or killed Jean-Benet Ramsey.

This is far from a snow tight alibi.

Yowza!

You said it.

Killing.

Well guys I think we've raised a lot of interesting questions.

Why are we still talking?

Why is Penny a ghost?

Why do you have babies that are oh that's right it's a doll we answered that.

That's been explained.

Why do you not feel when someone shoves something that large up your...

I'm a heavy sleeper.

Where is your father?

Did he meet Gary?

Will you be going up to the planet of Gregord?

We can't answer any of these questions because we have to go.

But let's uh before we go let's get to our last feature on the show.

A little something we call plugs.

I'm performing at nine.

So I call my friend Scott.

Leave the plug back open because I'm gonna be on Comedy Central.

Plug lobster!

All right you're fading that down manually.

How long does it go?

A little bit longer.

Well thank you so much.

Was that to stop the pen tapping?

That was Plug Lobster by Regular Radio.

Thank you so much Regular Radio.

Nice job boys.

If you have a plug theme head on over to yourwolf.com.

Is there any way that wasn't all boys?

It could have been lobster.

Sexist!

I'm an old man!

Before we get to the plugs I want to say uh hey Emily aka at Triple Low Five.

She's uh with her new husband in Vancouver on their honey moon watching this on their honeymoon.

Oh boy congratulations to you!

Thanks for watching if you haven't turned it off to uh good luck.

Make love by now all with all this sexy talk.

It's probably got you in the mood.

Probably turned on a lot of people.

We could sing the song again.

How many how many babies do you think will be born?

Nine months from now.

That's right.

Two weeks if they're plastic dolls!

That's right!

On Gregord!

What do we have to plug?

Let's uh first go to Gilly over here.

Obviously community is coming back.

Obviously.

Community is coming back!

Um let's see I'm gonna be- Have you started yet?

Is uh is Dan Harmontown coming back?

What's happening?

I'm hearing rumors.

From Dan Harmontown?

I'm hearing uh internet murmuring.

Has he reached out to you personally?

I have not heard a confirmation.

Have you been to Harmontown?

Yes I've been in Harmontown.

And I've been a yep and not like that.

And what has he said to you as he said yes I'm coming back?

I've not heard a confirmation.

I've heard rumblings.

But from him!

No!

Is what I'm saying.

Do you know what it's like to be on a television show?

I read everything on Deadline.com.

Nobody calls me.

No no no no no no no no.

Told ya!

Told ya.

What I'm asking you for clarification on is has he reached out to you and said hey would you guys like it if I came back?

Would that be would that be cool with you?

Well that question and that answer are obvious.

Of course we want him to come back so he didn't have to ask .

Because you like him better than the people who did it.

I love Dan Harmon.

So you want him to come back and you don't want those other people to come back?

I love Dan Harmon.

Okay and and has he talked to you personally about this?

I've not heard directly from him.

Who have you heard from?

Deadline Hollywood.

What about NBC?

Have they have they contacted you?

Told ya!

No!

NBC has not talked to you, Dan Harmon hasn't talked to you, has your agent talked to you?

No.

Has anyone talked to you about this at all or have you just read what everyone has?

I read what everyone reads.

Someone has contacted you and we're gonna get to the bottom of this.

I've heard some inside info on Dan Harmon.

What do you have?

Well I've heard that he likes to thrash the tastiest powder .

Oh boy oh boy.

I don't know about that.

Okay so what else do you have?

Do you have movies coming out this year?

Yeah sure.

I'm in a movie called Milo with Ken Marino about a butt monster that's coming out this year.

Right.

That was at South by Southwest.

I missed it.

I was doing a show opposite it and I heard it was great.

Thank you.

I'm gonna be in Seattle this weekend for the Seattle Film Festival.

My movie Teddy Bears is screening there.

But that is if you're listening to this, if you're not watching it live, it's already over.

What's Teddy Bears about?

It's about cacti.

You picked some weird projects.

Thank you very much.

I'm in a web series called Tiny Commando.

Look the plug bag is not about web series.

Why not?

That's all some people have going on.

Yeah leave that shit.

Go plug go go to some go.

Go to the Nerdist to plug your stupid web series.

We're on YouTube what am I to love?

I don't give a shit.

Plug movies, TV shows.

This is a classy show.

I'm in a movie called Walk of Shame with Elizabeth Banks that will come out at some point.

Yes there we go.

I don't want to hear about your dumbass web series.

Well sorry.

All right uh what do we have over here?

What is your name again?

Daffy?

Ducky.

Ducky Powell.

What do you have?

I'm uh looking forward to the Birthday Boys show premiering in uh October.

On IFC?

IFC the Birthday Boys sketch show.

Do you have a date?

Uh we do have a tentative date.

But you can't talk about it?

Can we? I don't know.

I don't know.

What's going on?

Who's we by the way?

Me the Birthday Boys.

Wait what's happening?

This is what is happening?

Who are you?

Who are you over here?

It's me Mike Hanford of course not Ducky Powell of the Birthday Boys.

The Birthday Boys the sketch group?

So wait this is something that a what your character was something that would happen on your show?

It was quite possibly.

Careful now.

We'll see.

So this guy he comes in here uh he just puts something on his head and he's like I'm a different guy.

I don't get it.

I mean that'd be like crazy like somebody's spraying their hair gray.

What is this our town right?

Yeah wow all right Mike.

Oh yeah uh October 18th I believe.

October.

Your voice is different.

Oh thank you very much.

Ha ha Elvis Presley.

Uh all right and uh what do we have over here Mr. Marshall?

What do you please call me Gary?

I will Gary what do you like to plug?

Uh television and movies.

Sure thank you.

Keep consuming them.

Uh I'm going to uh London England to see uh yeah to see a show.

Just to see one show?

Just to see one show.

My heavens.

This comedian named Paul F. Tompkins.

I'm a fan of him.

The Soho Theater.

Soho Theater.

It's going to be there from July yeah please write this down.

South of Houston?

South of Houston Theater.

Okay.

Uh July 8th through the uh 13th.

Well my goodness that sounds like a limited engagement.

It's a look he did a couple weeks there went so well he's bringing that same show back for another week.

And you didn't catch it out there.

That's right he's a little lazy.

He didn't write a whole new hour.

Just have Louis C.K. write him an hour.

Sure.

Um wow that is incredible July and so.

It's incredible.

So uh fans from London can go see that?

Fans from all over the place can go if they're of a mind to fly to England or channel it.

What about fans from Gregord?

Oh aliens are welcome.

Okay really.

That's like TBS.

All right anything else?

Oh I want to say this.

Yes.

If Dan Harmon comes back to community I'll marry you.

Whoa!

I'll remarry you.

That's amazing.

And for real this time I'll murder my wife and marry you make you the sole beneficiary of my will.

All right it's time for me to plug I want to thank first of all thanks to John Sant.

John Sant thanks for donating to Comedy Bang Bang thank you so much John Sant.

A little something special coming to you yeah part of the one percent.

Why don't you donate something?

I'm more careful with my money.

You're some goddamn rich.

I mean that's how you keep rich.

Yeah you keep rich baby.

Um okay I have some things I want to plug and these are important okay.

First of all this Thursday I'm doing a show in Austin okay.

Austin Texas we're doing a live comedy bang bang.

Paul Scheer, Neil Campbell fan favorite Neil Campbell, some other special surprises.

We're going to be doing a show at the Scottish Rite Theater and I'll be appearing at the Austin Texas uh television festival.

If you come to the live comedy bang bang I will give you a ticket to go see our CBB premiere.

We are premiering the tv show there so why are you looking at me like that?

Everything you're saying just sounds like gibberish to me.

All right so but come out and see me at Austin um that is July 6.

Thursday July 6 will be in Austin that's going to be a really fun show.

I'll also be at the San Diego House of Blues doing a live comedy bang bang on the Wednesday of Comic-Con.

So if you're going to Comic-Con come out and see me.

Comedy bang bang tv show starts July 12 and we just got done filming.

They're really funny and Gilly's on one and it's a very funny episode.

Sorry.

Also the t-shirts I think if you're watching this we have we can show the t-shirts.

We have two new styles of comedy bang bang t-shirts.

Number one we have a season two of the tv show where I am a centaur and Reggie is astride me.

It is a full color t-shirt and it is limited edition that it is pretty.

Full color.

Yes we didn't go halfsies on the colors.

Over four colors?

Oh yeah it's every color you're making them it's every color in existence.

Full Roy G Biv action.

Also we have another t-shirt that is the my wife t-shirt.

My wife?

My wife.

Don't get it.

My wife yeah.

Anyway go check out earwolf.com for those new t-shirt styles you can take a look at them if you're watching this and guys let's close up the old plug bag.

Hey we have a new theme Gary Marshall remix.

Sure.

And guys now that the plug bag is closed up I just want to thank you all it's been a fantastic show.

Did you guys have a good time?

Yeah I had a tasty little time Scott.

You're way too busy you're back.

Yes I like the other guy better.

They be charmers or whatever.

If you guys will you guys come back on the show?

Even if Dan does not come back to the show.

Yeah.

We'll see well either way.

Separately.

You gotta what do you what do I get if he doesn't come back to the show?

Handy.

What are you hoping for now?

You hoping he doesn't come back?

Gilly I've never heard you such such.

I don't know what is wrong with people.

If he doesn't come back you have to get and this is actually what you're gonna end up doing anyway.

You have to get a paper route.

If he doesn't come back even though the show will be back on the air you're gonna have to get a paper route. Deal. Alright so we'll discuss it either way.

Alright either way we'll discuss it.

I want to thank my guests Gary Marshall, Gilly Jacobs, and whoever this guy is and that's been show that's been our show and we'll see you next week thanks goodbye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman. For more information visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.com The wolf dead.
