Knocked up, super bad, Pineapple Express, and now this is the end.

What do all of those movies have in common?

My guest Seth Rogen, he is here on Comedy Bang Bang, he is going to do an exclusive one-on-one actor's pain interview, all of that and more, all on today's ♫ Comedy Bang Bang Theme Song ♫ I hum a lot, mainly for tax purposes, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, great catchphrase submission, thanks so much to Ben Stock Says, I hum a lot, mainly, for tax purposes.

That's a good catchphrase I guess.

You know, I don't know, I'm trying, basically what happens is every week I try a new one out.

You do a new one and that's the best, that was the one.

That was the one this week, I don't know whether it'll stick, come back next week, listen, and maybe it'll stick.

And I hum a lot, mostly?

Mainly, mainly for tax purposes.

Yeah.

I think mainly and mostly are kind of synonymous in a lot of ways.

Interchangeable, I believe.

Welcome to the show, this is Comedy Bang Bang, and I'm your host Scott Aukerman, and another week, we're here, we're in the middle of June now, and Comedy Bang Bang TV show just wrapped, coming back July 12th, season premiere with Andy Samberg on July 12th, and that is a great episode with Andy Samberg and Jordan Peele and Lance Redd ick and Selma Blair and Chelsea Peretti and on and on and on, so come on, watch IFC for that.

It's an all-star show.

It is!

And that's just one episode.

That's just one episode.

That's just one.

That's amazing.

And my guest was on last season, and he is nice enough to come in here for the podcast, and mainly due to his amazing film, which comes out, if you 're listening to this the day it comes out, it comes out Wednesday, and if you're listening to it the day after it comes out, it comes out on Wednesday, if you're listening to it Wednesday, it comes out today, any time after that it already came out, what are you doing with your life?

You should have seen it.

The guest in question, I'll say your name first, and then we'll talk about the movie.

Let's do it, sure, whatever you want.

I don't know, that's how things go, right?

It's your show, yeah, I've seen them do that kind of thing.

We could reveal it at the end, we could do the whole interview.

Did you guess who it was?

It'll be a big reveal who it is.

I think the context clues, I don't know, you have a movie coming out Wednesday, that's a big one, I don't know.

I sound a lot like this.

It's Mindy Kaling.

You sound 100% like that.

It's Seth Rogen, welcome to the show, first time on the podcast, thank you so much for coming.

Thanks for having me.

And the movie, this is the end.

Yes.

Okay, let's talk about this.

Yeah.

I saw it last night, was kind enough to invite me to the premiere, as I pronounce it.

The big premiere.

We say premiere in Canada.

You're from Vancouver.

I am.

We probably will not bring that up again.

You don't have to.

Okay.

I will say this right now, I think it is the funniest movie that I've seen since probably Bridesmaids a couple years ago.

Thank you so much.

It is so fucking good.

Thanks man.

And I went with, as fans of the show know, my wife, Kulap, and she loved it as well.

Awesome.

And we were talking a little bit before this started about how women are really into it.

They do seem to enjoy it.

And it's so funny, so scary, and kind of that interesting mix of humor and scares that Ghostbusters kind of had.

Yeah, thank you.

Anyway, was that one of your touchstones or goals?

It's funny, of all the movies, we talked about tons of movies while putting together the movie.

It's hard not to talk about movies.

It is.

We see a lot of them.

You see them, you like to reference them to the different people you're working with on the movie.

Like for instance, Go Ahead Make My Day.

Exactly.

There's a movie reference right there.

Awesome reference.

Thank you so much.

But I think, actually we didn't talk about Ghostbusters that much.

And then I watched the movie and I was like, oh, subconsciously we must have kind of been ripping off Ghostbusters a lot of the time.

We kind of talked about horror movies a lot, like straight horror movies.

Those were more the movies that we were referencing.

Like what?

Like, I mean, and also kind of like...

An inconvenient truth.

That's a horror movie in my opinion.

Moral horror movies.

The Planetor movies.

I mean, movies like Alien and movies where people are just kind of like Dawn of the Dead.

I mean, movies like that, kind of like claustrophobic, you know, movies.

Apocalypse Now is actually a movie we talked about a lot.

Really?

Yeah, because it's about like a bunch of guys in this, like they're stuck on a boat as they're kind of like floating through this like hellish landscape and all this like crazy shit's like happening around them.

But it's kind of about how they're like interacting with each other and how one guy's like losing it and how one guy's kind of oblivious and how one guy's kind of like in control.

Like that movie, I mean, it's set when you watch it, there 's almost no chance you would pick that up.

But to us, we, that to us actually, we talked about that movie a lot.

Your movie is set in the apocalypse.

It is, so yeah.

So, I mean, there's a connection.

We took it too literally, I think.

That's the problem.

Well, let's, let's back up and talk about what the actual movie is about a little bit.

Without spoil, I don't know how much you like to give away in these things, but...

You can use your discretion, I guess, whatever.

I'm interested in seeing what someone who saw the movie would like to not...

Well, it's about the most handsome man in the world.

Exactly.

And his five ugly friends.

Wait, who am I thinking of?

I was trying to compliment you, but I think you're talking about Franco now.

No, it's about, it is about a group of friends who the title, This is the End, refers to the end of the world.

Yes.

And they go through the end of the world together.

Yeah.

Now to add another wrinkle to that, all of the actors in the movie, except maybe for Brian Husky...

Yes, exactly.

People who are Brian Husky fans, well, it's true.

Literally, that's so funny you said that.

We actually shot a take where he's like, my name is Brian Husky.

I've been in some commercials.

I do improv comedy.

What is he doing in that neighborhood?

We had a joke when I was at a party down the street.

We did it just, we didn't know how famous Brian Husky would be by the time the movie came out.

For all we knew, Brian had some big feet coming out.

He could have been in Lincoln.

We didn't know.

So we...

And he was not to back up and get totally off track.

But by the way, we're doing a one-on-one WTF style interview here.

Exactly.

We're just doing it.

Because I did this with Mark about a month ago.

And what we did was, I did him one-on-one like he does in W TF.

And the goal when I do this is to try to make the person cry.

With the one caveat, you have to let me know what might make you cry if we talked about it.

So I have sort of an edge.

Just a good, I don't know.

That's a good question.

Fat babies, whenever I'm Maury Povich, they show those really overweight babies.

And that...

That upsets me.

You're kind of tearing up a little bit right now.

I just think those babies don't have a chance.

Okay, well think about it.

But Brian was in Superbad as well.

No, was he?

Yes, he was.

He was the track guy.

The track coach.

He's the track coach.

I think he told a story, because, cool up, my wife was talking about that yesterday, about he told a story about how there was a kid in Superbad who was laughing during every take.

Yeah, it was.

No, actually, no.

He was the principal in a scene that he's kind of...

Sorry, it was so long ago.

There's a scene where the kid draws penis drawings, young Seth, Jonah's character.

And then Brian's the principal.

And I don't even know, you might see him for like one second in the actual movie.

But yeah, the kid couldn't...

He was supposed to be crying, but he kept laughing for some reason.

Because he was saying Brian was so funny and making him laugh.

Yeah, exactly.

What's funny, I wasn't on set that day because I had shing les.

Oh, that's right.

We talked about this on the actual TV show, about your sh ingles.

It was that long ago?

It was, that's when it was.

Because on the TV show, I thought you were saying that it just happened.

No, it was the first week of filming Superbad.

And I actually didn't...

I wasn't there when Brian...

You didn't even show up for the first week of filming?

I had shingles.

And some of the kids, you can't have shingles around kids.

If they haven't had chicken pox, because of the same virus.

Which we talked about on the TV show, is a herpes in your spine.

It is, it's a spinal herpes.

Which, as you said, really makes you wonder where your spine has been.

What I've been doing, where have I been sitting or lying.

But yeah, but I didn't meet him then.

I wasn't there that day.

He might remember it differently, but I wasn't there that day.

But then he came in and auditioned for This Is The End.

Right.

He's got a really funny scene.

I don't want to spoil it.

He has a wonderful scene.

Very good scene.

To back up to where we were, with the exception of Brian, all of the actors in the movie are portraying themselves.

Yeah, they play versions of themselves.

Pretty like...

Pretty accurate versions.

Yeah, for the most part.

Especially Michael Cera.

Yeah, um, yeah, pretty...

I mean, it kind of is varying.

I think like, actually me and Jay probably play like somewhat, you know, we're not like, we're kind of like the more straight guys in the movie.

So like, we don't go that far off the wall.

But like...

Right.

It's a comedic version where they have a sort of idea of their character, i.e.

Not to spoil it, but some people are exaggerated versions of what they might be or what they actually are.

Yeah, I think we kind of really played like into how you would perceive them to be or really against how you would perceive them to be.

That was kind of the idea.

Was it, when you first conceived of the movie, because you and Evan Goldberg, your writing partner, not only wrote it together, but directed it together.

Which is fantastic.

Is this the first movie you've ever directed?

Yeah, this is the first anything we've ever directed.

Even just...

We never directed like a short film or anything.

Or just people in your own life?

Yeah, I kind of just boss people around a lot.

Did you ever give people directions?

Just give directions in general, no, never.

Never!

As a rule.

Why?

I just find it yourself, man.

Find it yourself, motherfucker.

If the universe wants you there, you'll be there.

So you guys, when you were first conceiving of the film, I know it's based on a short film, but I don't know that much about the short film.

It's...

What's funny is we made a short film in like 2006.

Our buddy Jason Stone went to...

Sounds to me like seven years ago.

Yes, it was seven years ago.

And our buddy Jason Stone was at USC Film School and we did a project, me and Jay.

And the whole thing was...

Jay and I.

We were stuck in a house together as the world was ending.

And we used our real names and we kind of argued about stuff in our real lives and it was kind of like similar in concept to the movie.

And then the short film itself wasn't that great.

So what we did was we cut it down into like a 90-second trailer for a short film that would maybe one day be released but never actually was.

That you had no plans to release.

No.

But the trailer was pretty funny.

So it was just kind of like a trailer for a movie that didn 't exist.

And then people just kind of liked that and always brought it up over the years.

And when I was like, oh, you ever plan on making that a new movie?

And then eventually, me and everyone were like, maybe we should think about making that a new movie.

From the start, it was always going to be about you guys as yourselves then.

Well, in the thing, we used our real names but we didn't really...

No, when we first started thinking about it as a movie, we were just like, it's guys stuck in a house.

And then kind of parallel to that, we always were very entertained by the idea of people playing themselves.

And we thought the idea of adding a supernatural element to it would be really funny.

Like I remember everyone always joked about like...

It's kind of like a similar thing.

But he'd always joke about a movie where I'm working on the Sony lot and busting it out and Buster Rhimes is like shooting a music video there and then like aliens attack and the movie's like Seth and Buster Rhimes versus the fucking Men From Mars or some shit.

And I find it interesting you call him Buster Rhimes.

Buster Rhimes.

That's it.

I'm Canadian.

Like he's Buster Keaton or something.

The great comedian, Buster Rhimes.

And so that's where the idea came from was we always like would just joke around about these doing like meta supernatural movies.

And then we combine the two ideas, I guess.

I mean it's such an interesting concept because I don't know that I've ever seen a movie with those two kind of disparate things in it.

I mean it has sort of like you know people playing themselves like the player in one regard or Larry Sanders and things like that.

I think like Being John Malkovich kind of did something like that maybe.

But not quite I think.

JCVD maybe?

Yeah JCVD a little bit maybe.

But yeah I don't think it's been done quite like on the scale that we did it.

It's a majorly and we talked about it before but not only is it a really funny movie but a movie I don't know why I said it like that.

Movie.

But it's got big special effects and super scary and you guys were kind of playing into when I grew up I started getting like these weird feelings watching the movie because when I grew up I grew up in a church.

Yeah.

And I watch just these creepy rapture movies all the time.

We watch some of those.

Thief in the Night was one that I.

I keep hearing about that we never saw that one.

The Thief in the Night movies okay I saw the very first one they showed it in my church and it basically was all about a woman who wakes up in the morning and I think she reaches for her husband and her husband isn't there and he's been taken up into heaven.

Is there a hole in the ceiling or he's just gone?

He's just gone.

But their belief was that he just is gone.

You evaporate.

I've always wondered about that are your clothes left?

Is your watch left?

We talked about that leaving making people's be naked which we just thought would be maybe just a humorous image but it happens to so many of our main cast that it could have caused an issue.

But I think they talk about this in the Left Behind series or something like that aren't they like there's a pile of dust or something in those?

Yeah something like that I watched those Kirk Cameron movies those were the Left Behind ones I think.

Are those Left Behind?

Yeah a little bit because I was when I was doing stand up I was trying to think of a chunk about all this kind of stuff but it's like a fascinating idea to me because I that movie scared the shit out of me the thief in the night and not to spoil it for you but I think they only show it at churches and it's obviously too hard to get but she goes through this whole thing where she the government conspires against her and she has to get a barcode people are either have barcodes tattooed on their forehead or on their left wrist I remember really and they're like hey it's no big deal it's just a way for the government to keep track of you and then someone finds out when you scan it it reads 666 or something on it.

The Mark of the Beast.

The Mark of the Beast by going to a grocery store because everyone has to like scan I don't I don't know.

This sounds like the greatest movie of all time.

So but but the way it ends is she's finally chased down by the government by the Antichrist government and I think right when they trap her she wakes up and it's all been a dream.

Oh thank god.

But she reaches for her husband and her husband isn't there .

Ooooooh.

Twilight Zone style twist.

Shyamaland.

You've been Shyamaland.

You've just got Shyamaland.

That means something different after Earth now.

It does.

Same result in a way.

Not what you expected.

But then there were I believe five other sequels to it.

Where it became just an action franchise it was like a Christian action movie franchise.

That's kind of what these Kirk Cameron movies were.

Where they're just action movies now.

The second one is called Tribulation Force.

Literally it's left behind to Tribulation Force.

And again for some reason they're all very anti-government and they all like kind of make the government the devil and that's what it is in the Kirk Cameron thing too is like the guy who's running for president is the devil and there 's a very anti-Semitic story about how like some Jewish leader is gonna like renounce Judaism basically and that's like a sign that the world is gonna come together.

I think it has something to do with like the one world government that they talk about in the Bible or something.

It's the same thing.

But what it really seems to be is like an anti-government like get your hands off my guns motherfucker.

It is super fucking weird.

But yeah.

Kirk Cameron's gonna love This is the End.

That's what I keep thinking.

But yeah so I grew up having this as a complex.

Like constantly waking up and worrying like I remember sometimes I would wake up in the middle of the night and have to go check to see if my parents were still around.

Like if they'd been taken and I'd been left behind.

A lot of people are.

I mean and that's what like drew us honestly to that theme in the movie.

Like why you know what type of apocalypse should it be?

I mean one of the things we kept talking about is like you know most people think that like there is like a God and like a lot of Christians think and most of the country is Christian think that like if you're good you go to heaven and if you 're bad you go to hell and the world will like be laid to waste and like a demon will come and fucking destroy everything and like as Jews it's like disturbing honestly to know to walk around knowing that people think that that's gonna happen.

Like our version is much nicer of what of how it all may go .

The messianic era in Judaism is much less scary and just much less out of a horror movie you know and just the imagery was always scary to us.

Like I remember actually like Blues Brothers like would scare the shit out of me because there's that scene where there's like a really graphic crucifix on the wall and I remember as a kid I was like what the fuck is that?

And my mother was like that's what Christians pray to.

I was like Jesus Christ!

That's what Christians pray to?

The crucifix.

Not the person on it.

No well the guy is what was the horrific part and so like that to us as me and Evan was just always interesting and I think like that's part of what drew us to doing this type of movie was it's just like we were always surrounded by people.

I remember in high school there was a guy who we were friends with and who was very religious Christian and I'm not saying all Christians are like this by any means.

No no.

I have a lot of Christian friends.

Name one.

That guy.

Oh okay.

But and we were having we were just talking he was going to like this Christian like camp and like after school and shit like that and we were talking about it but then one day it just came up and we were like so do you think we're gonna go to hell?

He's like yeah kind of.

Oh gosh.

And that's we were like wow like that's funny like what if and then that's where the idea that was kind of the first joke of the movie is like a movie about all the Jews that are left on earth together.

But then we added a black guy.

And that's impossible.

Well I mean and not to give anyone the idea that this is a film that really deals with religion in any way.

No.

There's a lot of dick jokes.

Yeah yeah yeah it's not I mean it's barely ever even brought up but the reason I got on that is because that is the kind of apocalypse that you 're sort of dealing with which I didn't know from the trailers of what to expect of what type of apocalypse it was.

But that is a part of it which which kind of started.

You should say that there's spoilers in this.

That could be I mean I think that's like some people want to yeah I mean I think that yeah it's it's kind of fun not knowing I think in some way but I think you instantly but I think you do know pretty fast what the fuck is going on.

Yeah I mean from from literally the yeah the tenth twenty minutes in you probably know what's happening.

Yeah yeah yeah.

But it's it's such a funny movie and like just just you know laugh after laugh after laugh after laugh and and such an interesting style like I said because in the middle of the movie I was surprised that it wasn't just like you guys just doing apocalypse stuff either.

There's in the middle of the movie there's you know a bunch of different types of segments where you know you guys are having fun in the middle of it.

I don't want to say much more than that but you know and there's all sorts of different plot things that happen which the plot constantly changes but another thing that I was really impressed by was the it wasn't just a movie about jokes either like you and Jay, Jay Baruchel have a really cool relationship in it and it is kind of the story of you guys' friendship in a way.

Yeah I mean to us that's really important and I think and it's just what we need in order to feel like the movies are good to us you know I mean like you know you watch a movie like Anchorman and it doesn't need like a real emotional story it almost like mocks the notion of having a real emotional story but like we're not just as good you know joke writers as Mikayas so we need for us we need like an emotional thing and it's really what Judd you know taught us is like and it's just kind of how we were raised to write was just that like you need this like simple rel atable like emotional core and then if you have that then like it's easy to go crazy and you could have fucking giant dicks and you know people getting raped.

We really should say there's a spoiler thing there may be giant dicks in this movie.

But like you can have all that and it's a lot more digest ible if ultimately it's you feel like the movie is sweet overall you know and I think when we made 40 year old virgin is the first time we really like saw like on like in a massive way how effective that was like it's a very sweet movie right in a way it like upholds like a very almost like Christian right-wing ideology but it does it in the dirt iest way possible and that like is like like he is always trying to do the right thing and it is very like moral and at its core and that's and that's what we try to do like this movie is crazy it is it's about like two friends who are like drifting apart and who are trying to connect again you know and like it almost sounds silly to say that's what it's really about because of how ridiculous the movie is overall.

That's why I didn't necessarily expect it is because I from the trailer and everything I kind of said oh yeah this will be really funny and it'll be a series of events occurring and then it'll end and you know I was very pleasantly surprised that you guys were actually telling a story that was a little more emotional you know.

Yeah I mean to us that's like I mean again like not everyone does that I think and you watch like the hangover movies and they don't do that like there's just they don't feel like we feel like there needs to be like an emotional change that's happening something you're tracking something that you know is like why like what's the real reason we're seeing this stuff other than just seeing a bunch of shit happen like to us that's you know again it's just what we need to make it feel interesting to us you know.

Yeah well it's great and do you have now that you have the directing bug much like shingles.

Yes exactly it lives in my spine like herpes.

Are you guys gonna direct more more films or is this the last one?

No it looks like we're gonna do another one actually.

Meaning another film or another sequel?

Another movie no no no not a sequel to this.

What could be the sequel?

We've joked about it I don't know it's a hard movie we haven't I don't know the idea of doing a sequel is always less appealing to me than doing like a new.

Have you done any sequels come to think of it?

Have you ever animated ones?

Oh yeah yeah wait which one?

I did Kung Fu Panda 2.

Oh yeah okay.

I've done those but that's no that's it.

Yeah I'm trying to think I guess you would what do they say ?

This is I Pineapple Express sequel I guess.

So you guys are gonna do another another film?

Yeah we're gonna movie that was an idea that we came up with with this gentleman named Dan Sterling.

Oh yeah I love Dan.

Yeah he's a great guy.

Ex Sarah Silverman program.

Exactly and he wrote the screenplay which is hysterical and it's about two journalists who try to assassinate the president of North Korea while interviewing him.

Fantastic.

Yes exactly.

So are you starting that are you gonna do that this year?

Yeah I think we'll do it yeah I think we'll shoot it like this fall we start prepping it like at the end of July basically.

Oh fantastic congratulations.

Thanks it'll be me and James Franco is the place the journalist.

You don't say.

We should say the people in this film James Franco Craig Robinson has a great role probably maybe his best film role since Pineapple Express maybe.

Maybe I think it's his most like rounded movie.

Yeah yeah he's great.

I hear that Rapturepalooza movie he's in is really funny though also and he's in that movie.

Is that the Anna Kendrick one?

It is.

Oh okay.

I heard that movie's funny too.

Yeah and when's that come out and are you are you hoping that it.

I'm hoping it starts a trend of Craig Robinson apocalyptic comedy.

He's just like the next Road Warrior or something.

Yeah people love that stuff.

Who else is in the film?

Jonah Hill is in it Jay Baruchel is in it Emma Watson Michael Cera is in it Michael Cera is hilarious in it and you know a ton of cameos.

Kevin Hart is in it.

The band cameo.

Jason Segel there's an unnamed band cameo and some other unnamed celebrity.

I meant the actual band cameo.

The band yeah literally Robbie.

They just walk in and say word up and then they leave.

That would be amazing.

So I.

Scarves everywhere.

I implore everyone to go see it it comes out on Wednesday or maybe is already out depending on when you listen to this.

You never know.

You know if you're listening to this a year from now.

Get it on Netflix.

Why not?

You know is there a deal with Netflix that's what people want to know.

There should be I don't know.

What's the platform?

I'm trying to do it right now putting it together.

Call Netflix.

Let's take a break when we come back we'll have more Seth R ogen more one on one more WTF style interview.

I'm going to make him cry by the end of this.

Let's come right back with Comedy Bang Bang we'll see right .

Comedy Bang Bang we're back here with Seth Rogen of This is the End out on Wednesday and film of the year.

How many Oscars are you expecting versus how many you want?

How many do they give out?

Can you win all of them?

I wonder.

Is there like 20 of them?

Yeah I think the record is like what 13 or something across a night.

Is it?

Like the English Pageant or something like that?

I feel like Silence of the Lambs or something like that won a ton of them.

Yeah I think that's what we're going for.

Clean Sweep.

Yeah I mean it must be hard to win in every category.

It would mean you would have to be.

It would have to be adapted and original.

It would have to be a short film and it would have to be from Korea also.

You'd have to have an original song in it somewhere?

It would have to be foreign.

Do you have a song written for the movie in it?

Well Craig sings this Take Your Panties Off song.

Oh that's right.

Which is his song.

Maybe that'll be.

Yeah and then him and Snoop Dogg recorded a song.

What?

A Take Your Panties Off song for the soundtrack.

Is it in the film at all?

No it's not in the movie.

But it's on the soundtrack.

It's on the soundtrack.

Oh my gosh.

We'll have to play that at some point.

Yeah.

So we're here with Seth and we're doing a one-on-one WTF style interview and WTF by the way if you don't know what that is.

What the Fuck I think is the name of it.

Have you done one of those with Marc Maron?

I'm actually doing it later today.

Really?

Is this a warm up for WTF really?

Maybe you'll butter me up so I'll cry.

I'll have a direct comparison of you two guys though.

This is going to come out much later though.

He usually sits on these shows for three weeks.

We're getting this out right away.

Three to four months I think.

He's turning around.

So I never like to say who was on the show before I release it but since I had the opportunity to have you here I went on Twitter and I said is there a question you've always wanted me to ask my guest?

I can't say who it is.

So we have questions from Twitter here.

There's a whole bunch of them.

Let's go to the first one.

Sorry I got a little lost in it.

Okay.

Gregory the Grape.

Great Twitter name.

One of the best.

Gregory the Grape.

I follow him.

He's hilarious.

He asks how big is your penis and or vagina.

Doesn't know who you are so just you know.

My vagina is both cavernous yet lovely.

I mean that doesn't exactly answer the question.

Six inches in diameter.

Okay good.

Thank you.

I hate to hold your feet to the fire on this one.

About that big.

The size of a personal pan pizza.

Oh my gosh.

Dave Hinkle asks seriously how do you spell aioli?

Aioli.

A-O-I.

A-O-L-I.

A-O-A.

You are just so far away from it.

A-I.

A-I-O-L-I.

Aioli.

I feel like that's one of those words you didn't hear until like six years ago and I hear nothing but fucking aioli.

Yeah it's like gluten.

Oh and you talk about gluten in your film a little bit.

We do.

And what's another one of those?

Kale.

Kale is another one.

Why does everyone eat kale now?

Someone just did some asshole invented kale.

You have to massage it before you eat it?

It's a pain in the ass to get that shit into a salad.

Yeah because you can't just serve it dry.

You get to put it out and you got to cut out that fucking middle shit.

Fuck kale.

Why bother?

I don't know.

Jose Rivera asks, why do you hate everything I stand for?

I just don't like you Jose Rivera.

Dub the G, what's your favorite pizza topping and why?

Hey great follow.

That's a good, I'm glad he asked that.

It's pepperoni because I hate my father.

Wow we're really getting to it.

I'm glad he asked why because that's actually the interesting part.

Alan Ryan, how are you Woody Allen?

No sorry didn't get it.

Oh Brian Moore asks, why don't you kiss her?

Why don't I kiss her?

I don't know.

These are abstract questions.

Well they don't know who it is so they're just taking shots in the dark.

Who would that apply to though?

I don't know but why don't you kiss her?

I do is what people don't know.

And by the way that leads to a point about your film.

You guys are playing versions of yourselves but you're not necessarily playing the married Seth Rogen.

You are, you have surprisingly lack of concern.

I do.

That was, we kind of shed everyone's personal affiliations because we didn't want it to be depressing.

Like Danny's married and has a baby, we just didn't want a scene where Danny's like my baby's dead.

It was just that, we thought that was a dark area to avoid.

There was a moment where Franco's brother Davey is an actor who we're friends with and there's a moment where he's like we should have Dave at the party and I'm like no because then he's gonna die and then the whole movie your brother's dead and then he'll probably add like a dark shadow over this.

Let's see, how about John O'Dowd asks how has the bicycle thief impacted your life sexually?

I only fuck bicycle thieves now.

That must be very difficult on your personal life.

You chain a bike to a tree in West Hollywood, see how long it stays there.

Colin asks do you actually like Aukerman or are you just paying your podcast dues to get on WTF?

Well we got the answer.

See I already know, the answer is I do because I'm already on WTF.

That's right, thank you so much.

Oh this is good, Two Street Tweets asks how late is too late for a booty call or to be booty called?

Man for me around 9 30 p.m.

Really that's the latest you go huh?

You don't think like a 2 a.m. booty call, you would never respond?

I'm a married man.

You would not be first responder?

That's how that phrase should be applied more I think.

People who respond to booty calls fast.

Greg F asks plate or platter?

Oof, platter.

Okay.

Obviously.

Kurt Hohl asks how are things?

Things are pretty good.

Adam Gets, why are you doing that follow-up, can you stop?

Uh yes.

Why am I doing that?

Follow-up question, can you stop?

I'm playing with this pen, did I chew this off or was that gone already?

I don't know, engineer Brett what do we have?

I don't think I did right?

I did?

I might have.

I tend to do that, there's a good chance I did.

Charlie Simpson asks how high can you jump from a standing position?

Oh man, probably not that high.

I thought so myself and I was doing a photo shoot for season 2 the other day.

And you jumped really high?

They asked us to jump and they would take the picture while we were jumping right and I'm like oh god I can't jump high at all.

You got fucking hops.

I got the pictures back, I am like this high up in the air.

And for the listeners I'm up about what, 4 feet or something?

4 feet high, you can jump 4 feet tall.

I don't know how I achieved it.

They call that vert.

Thank you very much.

In sports.

Um, Jose Gillian Gillin asks when are you going to start your own podcast?

You don't have time to do this.

Uh no, I like this little room though, I kind of want one of these rooms.

Oh yeah, you just want a room?

I just want a room with microphones in it.

Oh really, you want the microphones?

I do got a microphone.

I thought maybe you were just looking for extra space.

No I like this microphone room.

I feel like we could have some fun in here.

I could have done this from our office if we had this room.

That's right, yeah.

I'd go over there.

Our office is literally 30 feet from here.

Oh really, where is it?

Across the street?

It's on ****.

It's literally over here.

Oh, holy shit.

Andy Schnorr asks how could you?

Um, I couldn't help, you know, I just hate that ethnicity.

Kevin Cania asks why are they called monorails?

Well come on.

There's one rail you fucking idiot.

Um, Jerktweets asks, uh.

Jerktweets?

This is gonna be good.

He asks, he or she, I'm assuming it's a he.

How do you truly delve into the root of human condition in your work?

Wow.

That literally is what Jerktweets is.

Unexpected question from Jerktweets.

Oddly thoughtful question from Jerktweets.

You know you just gotta look in before you can look out.

That's true.

Jerktweets.

Uh, Gareth Edwards asks, always wanted to know, who are you ?

Well it's Seth Rogen, I couldn't.

I'm Seth Rogen.

Yeah, I couldn't say who it was.

No.

Uh, what is, uh, Dan McCullough wants to know, what is your greatest strength or weakness?

Why do you think you're qualified for this position?

My greatest strength and weakness?

I have strong legs.

Mmm.

Honestly.

Okay.

And weak everything else.

And why do you think you're qualified here?

Why should I give you the job?

To be on a podcast?

Sure.

I got a voice.

Okay.

I'm not gonna give you the legs though.

I know.

Alright, I'm shutting down the floor.

Well thanks, those are great questions.

Those were good questions.

Kinda non-specific, but uh, you know.

They seem to get to the heart of me though.

Uh, let's play a little game.

Nice.

I only have one round of this prepped.

I actually don't, I don't think that I have a theme song for this one, but we can put one in later.

Where do you want to make one?

Let's play a, yeah, you should.

Uh, let's play a game called FMK, Fart Merry Kiss.

Fart Merry Kiss.

Oh we do have this song?

Oh, okay.

We've only played it once.

Oh, that's right.

Mary, Mary, why you buggin'?

Alright, it's time to play Fart Merry Kiss.

We all know how this is played.

I think I've only played it once on this show.

I'm gonna list three celebrities.

Yeah.

Uh, you have to know, you have to let me know which, uh, probably has the smelliest farts, which is named Mary, and which is a member of Kiss.

Okay.

And your, your choices are Mary Steenburgen.

Okay.

Peter Criss and Joe Pesci.

Well, I gotta say Mary Steenburgen is named Mary.

Peter Criss is the, I believe, drummer, no, is he, he's the cat man.

He's the kitty cat drummer, right?

From Kiss?

I don't know that he necessarily likes being called the k itty cat drummer.

I thought of that before he painted a fucking kitty cat on his face.

To be fair, he did not paint a full cat on his face.

He painted his face to look like a cat.

To look like a kitty cat.

It's true.

That would be bizarre looking.

That would be good though.

I didn't get it.

Uh, and then I guess by default, that means that Joe Pesci has the stinkiest farts.

But if taking by default out of this.

Joe Pesci would still be the one with the stinkiest farts.

Okay.

We only, I only had one round in the chamber, but that's how we play FMK Fart Merry Kiss.

Mary, Mary, I need your hug.

I need your hug.

Joe Pesci's gonna, I'm gonna hit in the head with a baseball bat one day walking down the street and I'm gonna see Joe Pesci standing above me cack ling.

Oh God, that would be a dream.

And then he's gonna fart on my face.

Who's got sticky farts now, motherfucker?

You do!

All over your faces!

Uh, all right, let's take another break.

When we come back, we will have more with Seth Rogen right after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back with Seth Rogen and This is the End comes out on Wednesday and I implore everyone to go see it.

And would you suggest that everyone go see it three weeks after it opens or do you want them to see it like opening day?

I think they should see it opening day, personally.

So you don't think people should wait.

What about waiting for cable?

Do you think people should see it in the theater?

I think it's fun to see in a movie theater.

I think movies are more fun.

Yeah, I mean, why would you ever watch a comedy alone in your house?

Yeah, it's true.

I think like a comedy, it's rare a comedy plays really well in a theater.

So I think when it does, like, you should go see it in a theater.

No, I mean, the first time I saw Bridesmaids at South by Southwest when they sneaked it, it was just like, it's so fun to see.

Even if going to see like old comedy films, you kind of go, yeah, I think that's kind of funny.

No, it's way better to see them in theaters.

It's way better.

For a while I was showing movies at the Asylum Movie Theater, Santa Family, and just, you know, movies that kind of flopped like I would show.

I don't know if you ever saw like Martin Short's Clifford.

Oh yeah.

Which is such a funny movie.

The weirdest movie ever.

But to see it with a crowd was funny because when I saw it, I saw it opening day and me and my friend were the only people in the theater and we're like laughing like assholes.

That's where he plays like the weird little kid, like the little redheaded kid or whatever.

To see it with like 200 people in the theater, you all of a sudden go, oh, well this would have been a huge movie if only everyone would have.

If only people knew that they should see it.

So this movie is really, really fun to see with a big crowd because you'll be jolted.

You'll be jolted.

There's screams and laughs.

Yeah.

Do you like jolting people in your work?

We started to enjoy jolting people in our work, I gotta say .

It was something we'd never done before.

We never had a movie that legitimately jolted people.

Jolted people.

And then this movie jolts people.

And so we actually found a few more opportunities to jolt people.

Did you like reshoot to jolt?

No, you can just kind of cut things in the editing and the sound design and stuff like that.

We just had some jolts.

Like in the middle of dialogue scenes, do you have a guy going, boo!

Just had a big boo!

Just someone in the camera.

Boogie boogie boogie.

Let's play another game.

Let's play this one.

Let's go for, this is how we play, What Am I Thinking?

Okay.

This is the theme.

We traditionally don't talk over the theme.

Okay, we're about to.

All right, it's time to play What Am I Thinking?

We all know how this is played.

It's been a while, I believe, since we played this.

You and I will play against each other.

You and I will think of a word separately.

Yeah.

All right.

Now it doesn't have to be one word.

It can be two, it has to be a thing.

In other words, a proper noun, Roger Rabbit is two words, but it's a thing.

Okay.

You see, we're each going to think of a thing.

I was thinking of Roger Rabbit.

You were?

Shit, we could have said it at the same time.

That's the one I always use though, as an example.

Damn it.

We're each going to think of something.

Okay.

We're going to count down from three, three, two, one, and then each say the thing.

Okay.

Now I doubt we will have said the exact same thing at the same time.

But if we do, it'd be awesome.

That'd be amazing.

I've done that once in my life.

It actually happened?

It actually happened.

What was the thing?

Well, it was on a road trip and we were staring at it.

So it doesn't...

Was it like Wendy's billboard?

It was like Hill or something like that.

So it's kind of cheating.

But the fewest moves possible is what we want to do, which when I explain it to you, you'll understand what I mean.

But we are then, we'll have two separate words.

We are then going to think of the word that those two separate things have in common.

Okay.

So we're going to say a combination or just whatever makes those two separate things combine or what they have in common.

We're then going to say three, two, one and say that word that we're thinking.

Okay.

And then hopefully we're going to say the same word at the same time.

Eventually.

And we would try to do it in the fewest moves possible.

Wow.

And the only way you can lose is if you freeze up and don't say anything.

Oh, well I'll say something.

A lot of people say that.

They say nothing?

Then they go, gah.

They can't think of one word?

And then they try to say what you said.

That's a feature.

All right.

So I'm thinking of my thing.

Are you locked in Seth Rogen?

I'm locked in.

You're locked in.

All right, here we go.

Let's uh, we'll say three, two, one together and then we'll say the thing.

Yeah.

All right.

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Pineapple.

Pineapple and microphone.

Yeah.

Okay.

I kind of have what I, I don't think I have what I have.

I don't think I have a phone about that.

Here we go.

All right.

Three, two, one.

Conical.

Conical and mouth.

Mouth.

Sure.

Yeah.

So that makes sense.

But the shape of it also.

Yes.

Yeah.

You're looking at me like I said the wrong thing.

I'm looking at you like you said the wrong thing.

It's true.

And now I'm just thinking, where's the middle ground of con ical and mouth?

I mean, I have something.

Uh, okay.

Yeah.

All right.

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Ice cream cone.

Oh, interesting.

Ice cream cone and dicks.

Okay.

I got one.

All right.

Wait, it can't be, it has to be a thing.

No, no.

It doesn't have to be a noun.

It can be like an adverb or anything.

Okay.

All right.

Here it three, two, one lick.

Boom.

Four moves.

That was pretty good.

Four moves.

Is that, that, that's not a record.

I would assume.

I believe three on the show when Jimmy Pardo and I said j ism together.

Not jizz, not sperm, but actual jism together.

It was an amazing moment.

I don't know.

We have time.

All right.

Here we go.

Let me lock in with what I want to have to say.

Okay.

I got my thing.

Okay.

I'm locked in.

Are you locked in?

Yeah, I'm locked in.

Here we go.

Three, two, one.

Styrofoam.

Styrofoam and sunglasses.

Whoa.

Ah, that's a little harder, isn't it?

Um, okay.

Okay.

Yeah, I got mine.

Sure.

Why not?

Three, two, one.

Shield.

Packaging.

Packaging and shield.

Okay.

Uh.

Shield.

Like a literal shield?

Like blocking the protective element of it?

Yeah, exactly.

Okay.

Shield and.

Packaging and shield.

Okay.

I think, uh, yeah, I have mine.

Uh.

Packaging and shield.

And we've, and we can't repeat words, obviously.

We cannot, we cannot repeat words.

Because styrofoam would be a good one for that.

Yeah, yeah.

Unfortunately, we cannot repeat.

For a while we did that and it got too easy.

Yeah, okay.

Packaging and shield.

Whatever you think.

Alright, this is the only way to lose is not to say something.

Yeah, let's just do it.

Okay, here we go.

Three, two, one.

Popcorn.

Ooh, popcorn and cushion.

Popcorn and cushion.

I was thinking that too.

I was almost going to say popcorn.

Okay, I have mine.

Popcorn and cushion.

Uh.

Okay.

Alright.

I'm locked in.

Okay.

We're going to have to ask for your answer, Seth Rogen.

Okay, I'm ready.

I got one.

I'm okay.

Alright.

Three, two, one.

Couch.

Couch and bag.

Yeah.

Okay.

Couch and bag.

Wait, how many moves are we?

That must be five.

We're in a lot of moves now.

Okay, couch and bag.

Here we go.

And three, two, one.

Pillow.

Ooh, seat cover and pillow.

That's so similar.

So close.

Seat cover and pillow.

I have mine.

Okay.

Seat cover and pillow.

What do they have in common?

Oh, man.

There's so much.

I know.

Okay.

Here we go.

And three, two, one.

Stuffing.

Wait, I froze up.

You didn't.

I had my word and I was going to say betting.

I said stuffing.

But I froze up.

Seth Rogen, you're our winner.

That's how we play with my thinking.

I like it better when we both win.

I know.

If I had said betting properly and you would say, what did you say?

Stuffing?

Betting and stuffing, then I don't know where we would have gone.

We were too close.

We were circling around each other.

It was a helix.

It was too similar.

Yeah.

Yeah, too close.

But great game.

Great game.

You are the winner.

We are going to play one more game on the show and it is a little something that we like to call Would You Rather.

Okay.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

By the way, have you seen these fat babies on Maury Povich?

Why'd you do that?

They don't have a choice.

Their parents don't know how to feed them healthy.

Do you think some babies just come out fat though?

For sure.

I've seen some fat ass little babies from the time that they're very young.

But I think most of it- Do you think it's a parent's responsibility to slim them down?

I think it's a parent's responsibility to feed your fucking kid to death.

Yeah, for sure.

I mean, it's the opposite of what people feed their children for.

You know, it's a Will Smith just sit.

Some parents just don't understand.

That's true.

He said it about himself and the movie After Earth.

I'm surprised no one's made that.

Like that wasn't a headline of the fucking Hollywood Reporter or something.

Will Smith, as a parent, just doesn't understand what makes a good movie.

It's fucking low hanging fruit, I guess.

All right, we all know how this is played.

People send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBYR.

Please don't send them to me.

Some of you are still not hearing this.

Don't send them to Scott.

Because if you do send them to me, they get put into the Would You Rather pile, which as we all know is not a pile like a wood pile of Would You Rather scenarios that I'm going to cull from.

Literally.

It is a pile of Would You Rather scenarios that is a refuse pile.

Yes.

From which I will never draw.

You are wasting your time.

Exactly.

But please send them to CBBYR and it gets put- I think the reason people send them to me is that's so hard to remember.

You picked such a hard comedy.

Comedy bang bang Would You Rather.

It's so easy.

CBBYR.

Okay.

So people send us these.

Hashtag?

No hashtags.

Okay, good.

Do you like hashtags?

I never hashtag.

How many- I think I- I hashtag sometimes.

I believe I went on your Twitter recently or something, but you don't do it all that much.

There was like a- I do it a little more now.

Have you done it now?

Now I do it a little more.

Okay.

So I will read it out loud, okay?

Yeah.

I will open the floor for questions.

Yeah.

And then you are able to ask me any question about either of the two scenarios you like in order to help narrow down your choice.

Okay, sure.

I have more information than is probably contained within the question.

Okay.

And then I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning regarding that, by the way.

It'll just happen.

It'll just happen and- Next thing I know, any- treat every question like it might be your last.

That's right, because the world will all of a sudden be different.

Okay.

And that's the theme of your movie in a lot of ways, isn't it?

It is.

This is the end of my questions I'm allowed to ask.

At the time I shut down the floor for questions, you will not be able to ask any more questions, Seth.

Okay.

And please don't try to.

Okay.

You will then have to vote and we'll tally up the points and we'll see exactly where we stand after that.

Okay.

All right, here we go.

So this comes to us from Drake Robinson, aka One and Only Drake.

Eh.

Yeah, I don't know.

There's other Drakes.

There's, I mean, a famous Drake.

There's a much more famous Drake than you, sir.

Sharted from his bottom.

He asks, would you rather every word you say sounds like Randy Newman singing it or people can use simple dog commands on you that you have to do?

I don't even, do I need to ask questions?

Well, the floor isn't open, so I would hope you would not.

Then good.

Okay.

So I just answer?

Please don't vote ahead of time.

That's the worst thing you can do.

I would have to dock you so many points.

So do I just do nothing right now?

Exactly.

Okay, good.

Now you get how to play the game.

You're maybe the best player we've ever had.

I'm in.

Okay.

I'm thinking.

Am I allowed to think about my answer?

You're allowed to think, sure.

You're not allowed to ask anything.

I can't say what my answer is, though.

The floor isn't open.

Okay.

And I haven't opened the floor for you to vote either.

That would be even worse to vote early before I ask for your vote.

So those would be the two worst things you could do is ask a question when the floor is not open or after it's been closed or to vote early.

So I would hope that you would not do either of those things.

You've had a lot of technicalities to do.

Would you rather game?

You know, it's from experience.

Because people, it's a fucking shit show.

A lot of people try to game the system here, you know, and it doesn't work.

You can't do that.

The floor is open.

To ask questions.

Yes, not to vote.

Not to vote.

Yeah.

Is it new Randy Newman or like old Randy Newman, I guess?

What's your favorite period of Randy Newman, would you say?

Sail away?

Toy Story 1.

Really?

Yeah.

You thought he sold out after number one?

I like, you got a friend.

I like that Randy Newman voice.

Let's hear your best Randy Newman voice.

You almost did one right then.

I almost sound like fucking Randy Newman singing.

It's not that far off.

I should say.

You got a friend in me.

What are the songs he sang for two and three?

Just variations on the theme?

Yeah.

You also still are my friend.

You also still got a friend in me.

Have you noticed that we're still friends currently?

Okay, so maybe you gave me up as a toy.

What are they going to do for number four?

I don't know, but they'll probably do it, right?

Yeah, they're probably going to do it.

Have you ever approached to write number three or number four or anything like that?

I've never been approached by the Pixar people.

I think we have too many giant cocks in our movies for Pixar.

If it took a drastic turn just to be about sex toys.

Brian Husky, who I asked to be on the show, he says he just landed in LA.

Nice.

But please give Rogan shit for not getting me an invite to the premiere last night.

I think last night we all looked around and were like, where's Husky?

And they were like, I'll maybe know what invited him.

I will.

All right, so it's what period, Randy Newman?

It's I love LA.

I love LA, Randy Newman.

Okay.

Look at those mountains.

Look at those trees.

Look at that bumble.

Yeah, you see it on his knees.

Look at those trees.

Look at how he's me.

Look at all day on this guy eating burrito.

Look at him women.

What is his dialect?

What is it?

I assumed LA.

He loves it so much.

He may have adopted our way of speaking.

Look at that thing.

Look at that other thing.

Look over there.

Hey, I think I hope a movie named Toy Story is written one day.

I hope to do the theme.

Okay.

I love LA, Randy Newman.

We also have the other scenario.

Dog command.

Simple dog commands.

Simple dog command.

So I only respond to simple dog commands.

Not that you all...

That's a great clarification.

You do not only respond to simple dog commands.

I also respond to regular human interaction.

No, yeah, you have a regular life, but if anyone ever says to you...

If you were to right now be like, sit, I would have to sit.

You would have to immediately sit, roll over, stay.

Roll over?

I wouldn't say simple.

That's a pretty complicated dog.

My dog can roll over.

My dog can probably...

I don't know if my dog can roll over.

What kind of dog do you have?

I have a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.

What the fuck is that?

The fancy ass dog.

I got a fancy dog.

Is Cavalier just the adjective?

No, it's literally...

Yes, exactly.

That's just how I describe her.

Is a Cavalier...

Who buys a Cavalier...

She's her regal pug.

No, that's the kind of dog she is.

She's a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.

I don't know.

You're putting on airs.

You've changed.

Only the fanciest of dogs.

And just the one pet?

Yes, just one pet.

Not a cat person?

No.

But okay, so simple dog commands, not exclusively, and I love LA era Randy Newman.

Is every word you say.

Do I sing or just talk like Randy?

How I imagine Randy Newman talks.

Let me look at it.

I imagine that they talk similarly.

Yeah, you do.

Hey, Scott Aukerman!

It's not like when he's singing, he's like putting on any kind of...

We were just doing an impression of him.

Hello there!

Look at your man.

Look at that man.

I'm going to make a judgment call and say that you're only allowed to speak in Randy Newman lyrics as well.

No, you can again probably get...

He's written a lot of songs.

I can have good friends in that reality.

I can let people know how important they are to me.

You love them?

They've got a friend in me.

I can let them know that.

I can let them know how much I like LA.

If you're going on a boat trip, you can say you're sailing away.

Yeah.

What else do we say?

I have no idea of any of his other songs.

You can talk about short people a lot.

He didn't sing that Sarah McLachlin song from Toy Story 2, right?

Oh, that's a great song.

That was a sad song.

Oscar nominated.

Yeah.

Have you ever played for an Oscar?

Yeah, eight.

Really?

Congratulations.

I won all of them too.

Thank you.

That's not in your bio.

I don't keep it that public.

I try to keep that under wraps.

What if they had secret Oscars that you could win?

That's what I've won is secret Oscars.

But seriously.

It's like how celebrities have a secret internet that they all use.

Exactly.

And the secret roads around LA we take.

Oh man, you guys are so lucky.

We drive through that reservoir.

Do we really?

There's a tunnel right through that?

The Terminator 2 reservoir.

Yeah.

We're allowed to use that.

Yeah.

I feel like we haven't narrowed this down at all.

But really weigh it in your mind.

I have an answer.

You already have an answer.

Easy answer to me.

The floor is still open though.

I know.

But I can keep asking questions.

What if one of the dog commands was kill?

Kill.

Yeah, that would be bad.

When I tell my dog, my dog's very responsive to go to the bathroom.

You use that many words.

I do.

Go to the bathroom.

I didn't want to be one of those assholes who's screaming like potty at his fucking dog or like pee pee.

So I trained my dog to understand.

Go to the bathroom.

Yeah.

That's the classy way to say it.

It is the classy way to say it.

Use the loo was the other one.

The WC.

The lavatory.

Use the lavatory.

So in this scenario, I'm going to make the call that if anyone commands you to kill, you would have to do it.

And if someone says go to the bathroom, do I have to go to the bathroom too?

Mostly they're going to say pee pee or potty.

But if they say that, will I do it?

Probably.

If they say pee pee or potty, I would have to do it.

Yeah, you would.

But I will allow you to be able to undo your pants and squat down like a man.

Like a human being.

Thank God.

Sure.

Uh, okay.

Randy Newman.

Do I like look, he has kind of an affected singing style physically.

What he, Oh me.

Oh, he kind of like cocks his head back.

He does like the full joke.

He's half Joe Cocker.

He's Joe cock.

He's going off half cocked.

Exactly.

So I guess that's my question is do I look like myself when I talk or do I get the full on Randy Newman?

Who would you prefer to look like yourself or Randy Newman?

Walls.

I mean, it's like, I can say like, look at that thing, but do I have to do the whole like look at that thing.

You're doing like a Stevie Wonder.

That's what he does.

He waggles his head.

I saw him on the rock and roll hall of fame thing.

I remember he was on, there's an old SNL episode that he's on.

That he sings I love LA.

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah.

There's another I'm different.

Is that a Randy Newman song?

Yeah, I think that is one.

I'm different.

Don't care who knows it.

Something about me.

I think you're going to vote for the Randy Newman thing.

You are so good at it.

I think I already, I can already.

I closed the floor for questions.

We may as well vote.

What do you vote for?

Randy fucking Newman.

Randy Newman.

It's an easy answer.

Every word you say.

I could do it.

Don't care who knows it.

All right, well, let's go to our next question.

Evan asks and his Twitter handle is a kind of flying, a kind of flying.

Evan asks, would you rather never be able to sleep but always have ice cream but never get fat but your hair does fall out but you own a hat factory.

Or you always have wet farts.

Ooh, wait, okay.

So there's two scenarios.

Yeah.

Yeah, we're not open yet.

So let me just reiterate.

In one scenario, you always have wet farts.

Always wet farts.

In the other one, you never sleep.

Never sleep.

But you always have ice cream.

Always have ice cream.

And you never get fat.

But your hair falls out because of it and you own a hat factory.

Okay, so I've opened the floor for questions.

This is a lot to chew over.

It is.

On or over?

Am I tired?

Like, like, have I adapted?

In which scenario?

Have I adapted?

Because of the wet farts?

Yes.

I'm constantly wiping my hats.

I'm constantly changing underwear.

Yeah.

No, it's a full-time job.

I guess that's why.

Is it like every time I fart, is it the normal amount of f arts I would have on a regular day?

Like, let's say I fart six times in a given day.

Well, Oprah, apparently, my wife told me, says 12...

Past wet farts.

No, Oprah does not have wet farts, according to her.

What if she came out and with that surprising admission that she has a wet fart?

Well, Roker did.

That's true.

No, Oprah says you fart 12 times a day.

Okay.

All right, I don't know if that's true.

I don't know if that lines up with your experience or...

I think I probably fart less than that every day.

You think less?

Well, I should know.

Maybe if you take a picture of the nighttime farting and shit like that.

I wonder if there's a way to track that.

Yeah.

They did it on Mythbusters, I think.

Did they really?

They might have.

They just sat there watching someone with their face next to his ass.

So is it every time?

Just normal amount of wet farts.

Let's say I fart 12 times a day.

Every one of those is a wet fart.

Yes, exactly.

Now, in the other scenario, you never sleep.

Okay, that's what I thought.

So have I adapted to that?

You would die if you never sleep, right?

In this scenario, no, you're fine with it.

It gives you eight hours, however much you sleep.

I'm not tired.

It gives you that much more time.

You're not tired.

That would actually be nice.

Okay.

And you always eat ice cream every meal.

So that's good.

But I don't gain weight.

But do you get tired of it?

Can I eat different kinds of ice cream?

You can't have different kinds.

And nowadays with ice cream, they're putting bacon in.

Can I make my own ice cream?

Unfortunately, you are not allowed to make your own ice cream.

I hope that's not a deal breaker for you.

Can I commission others to make ice cream for me?

Can I delegate ice cream?

Can you contact the Ben and Jerry's people to say, look, can you make me a hamburger?

I'm a celebrity.

I can only eat ice cream.

What can we do here?

You are allowed once a year to have a special Seth Rogen flavor that comes out in stores.

Okay, I like that.

You never get fat.

Well, that's good.

But all of your hair falls out.

All of my hair.

Yes.

And you own a hat factory.

You know, that has very few.

That they like all in all, all my hair falling out is like the only downside to that one.

Would you be prepared to adapt to being a bald actor though ?

Yeah.

By the way, you don't just own the hat factory.

You're yourself in this.

Oh, do I have to run the hat factory?

Yes, you do.

But you're able to act on the side.

Okay, good.

But also just owning a hat factory would be great.

Just like a side business.

Sure, why not?

You hear actors invested.

I think Ashton Kutcher owns a hat factory.

He must.

He probably does.

I mean, if you call like Bob Dutch.

A trucker hat factory.

So yeah, I mean, I could be bald.

In movies they have makeup that you can wear.

Nicolas Cage is totally bald.

You're not allowed to do the Nicolas Cage and put on the glue.

I have to appear as bald.

You would be Billy Corganing it.

I'd be powder.

I would look like powder.

Or Odo.

How long do you think you could keep it going as an actor if you were bald?

If you shaved your head?

Do you think if you came out and you said, hey, you know what, this is the new Seth Rogen.

They'd make you wear wigs.

They wear wigs.

These guys wear wigs.

You notice there's like no fucking bald actors?

I know, it's weird, isn't it?

I mean, other than JK Simmons.

Yeah, I'm like Ed Harris.

Ed Harris was like one of the last leading men who was bald .

Yeah, it's true.

Jason Statham.

Statham!

You got to kick the fuck out of motherfuckers if you're bald.

That's true.

That is the only way.

That's how to compensate for the baldness.

You have to shit kick people.

Yeah, like who's a- See, so it would be easier to maintain my career with the wet farts.

Yeah, it would.

Yeah, because I have wardrobe.

And you probably have a lifestyle to which you're accustomed now.

It's true.

That you may want to maintain.

Yeah, without the hat factory.

The hat factory could put a dent in my time.

I mean, you're putting in 12 hours at the hat factory.

Oh, Vin Diesel.

Vin Diesel!

Another bald leading man.

That is the Rock.

The Rock, he's also bald.

Wow.

You know?

Again, and they all watch the common thread.

They kick the fuck out of people.

Yeah, exactly.

Who's like the last bald actor who's just like a regular dude?

Who's like a funny guy?

I mean, Keckner is bald.

Yeah.

Sometimes he wears wigs and his things, though.

Brian Husky.

Sure, Husky.

Very upset about not being invited to the premiere.

He should be.

He deserves to be.

That's totally our fuck up.

More lines than Mindy Kaling.

He sure did.

Not as much media value.

That's true.

And you'll tell him that to his face!

Who?

Yeah.

You're spending 12 hours at the hat factory, you're acting on the side, but you're never sleeping so you have 12 hours that you...

And I'm not tired.

It's a union gig, probably, so you can only film for 12 hours.

And the wet farts thing, but let's say, like, you know how much lead time you think you've got to fart, generally speaking.

Sometimes they take you by surprise.

They do sometimes.

You know if you have coffee or something?

Let's say if you're...

I don't drink coffee, so I'm okay with that.

So let's say...

You don't have to be so snooty about it.

Let's say there's maybe one wet fart a day that I have not under wraps, you know?

Like every other one...

You just need a lot of underwear.

And you've prepared for it because this is your life.

Constant underwear, baby wipes, toilet paper, you just know .

And you know whenever it's about to happen and you go to the bathroom a lot, right?

So I think...

And let's say...

Please don't vote yet.

One or two get through, the wet farts is manageable.

Sure.

And maybe tell everyone about your condition.

And you can't wear...

See, you can't wear a wig is what really fucks you in the other thing.

Because the wet farts...

You can wear a hat.

I mean, you're in charge of a hat factory.

You could be the hat actor.

It's true.

I'm bald, but I have a lot of access to unlimited hats, essentially.

Every role, every scene, every time it cuts, I'll be wearing a different hat.

Even within the same scene, if you just reverse angle, I'm going to be wearing a different hat.

That balances that out a little bit.

Yeah, it does.

All right, I'm closing the floor for questions.

We have to vote.

We're running out of time here, Seth.

Come on.

You can't just ask questions about this forever.

So I'm going to have to take your vote right now.

What do we got?

I think I'm going wet fart on this one.

Wet farts!

Yeah, going wet farts.

Is that just because you hold your acting career so prec iously?

You could segue into directing if you were bald.

Honestly, the ice cream has a little to do with it.

The truth is all that ice cream would give me wet farts anyway.

That's true.

You never ask that question, but that is the irony of that question.

That's the irony.

No one's eating all the ice cream and not getting wet farts .

Wow, well two interesting votes from an interesting player.

Let me tally up the points.

The great thing is you never asked a question when the floor was not open.

So you get an extra three points for that.

You never voted early, so we don't dock you points for that , but we don't give you points for that because that's just what's expected of you.

You shouldn't be rewarded for commonplace decency.

Exactly.

And for the first question, you voted correctly, so you get one point for that.

So you're at a total of four points.

And you did not answer correctly for the ice cream sleeping hat factory.

That's the way you should have gone.

You would have been much happier in that.

You get negative 365,433.

So you are at negative 365,429.

To be honest, not up there on our leaderboards of people who have played the game.

I think I played my best, though.

You know, you did as well as you could.

I played it my way.

That's true.

That is, of course, how we play Would You Rather.

Let's hear that theme.

Great play!

We've only done this a couple of times with not competing.

Really?

Normally people compete?

Normally people compete against each other.

Wow, that would have an interesting element.

But that was a fascinating glimpse inside the mind.

And we're just about out of time, we only have the last thing to do, which is of course plugs.

Yes.

I love listening to plugs.

Plugs excite me like no other.

Easily the best part of the show.

So sweet.

Fast forward past the plugs.

Wow, that was fantastic.

That was beautiful.

That was Plugs by Sally.

Sally is the only name she gave.

But if you have a plugs theme, go ahead to Earwolf.com, leave it in the Comedy Bang Bang message boards under the appropriate thread in the plugs themes, and we'll play it here on the show.

And Sally, that was beautiful.

Nice plug, Sally.

Yeah, I hope you have a career in music ahead of you that's launched by this, and you know, I want a lot of the credit.

And I want to play an ironic music.

Sally you're famous this week, congratulations, and enjoy your reign of terror for this week, and next week we'll have another plugs theme, and your fame will be over.

So just prepare yourself for that.

It's a rough road.

Have you prepared yourself for when your fame is done?

For sure.

What do you think?

Like what are you going to miss the most?

And we're not saying it's happening soon, because I think you know your career...

I think it is though.

What will I miss the most?

That's a good question.

I get...

The clothes?

Free clothes?

When you act in movies they give you haircuts.

I haven't had to like...

Haircut, that's the thing that I love the most.

I haven't had to like go get a haircut in a long time.

During season two of the show, literally I hate going to get a haircut.

Yeah, it's the worst.

Do you have a person that you go to regularly?

I started like now like the people who cut my hair in the movies, I ask them to cut something.

So just come over to your house or something?

Yeah, or I'll go to their house or something like that.

That's the thing, if I could not leave the house, I used to have a person, a friend that would do it.

I'm not afraid, but I'm no longer...

I was going to say with her, but I guess her friend.

But that's the thing I hate the most.

I hate going to a place and getting your haircut.

And it's so great when you work on a thing because every two weeks or so they go, well, it's time to treat it up.

It's like you're being treated like a little child.

Which is great.

They're like, it's time for a haircut, sit down.

That's what I like about it.

You know what?

I'm with you on that answer.

All right, Seth, why don't we have the plug?

Basically This Is The End comes out this week and it's a great movie.

I give it the seal of approval.

I don't give that to every movie.

I have people on here talking about their movies and I've seen them before they come on here and I don't talk about how much I like their movie.

I pretend I haven't seen it.

Good.

That's what I do too.

With yours, I've seen it.

I love it.

Give the seal of approval.

I think it's really funny.

Probably the movie of the summer, I would say.

So many times you go to a movie and you just leave kind of going, eh, yeah, you know.

Like Iron Man 3 is like, okay, fine.

I haven't seen any of those movies yet.

You can pretend not to see them.

But you know what?

This one you leave and you go, wow, okay, that was worth the $6 I paid for it because I only got a matinee.

Exactly.

That's so much.

And you're 75 years old.

Of course.

So you want to plug that.

Anything else happening in the world of Seth Rogen?

No, not really.

That's all I need to plug right now.

Really?

Nothing coming out to look out for by the end of the year?

No one will think about it.

No, not until next year.

All right.

This is the, you want everyone to focus all your energy on this at the end.

How much money do you hope it makes for the, cause we were coming out on a Wednesday, you got Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.

What do you think?

I don't know.

$400 million.

Is that a reasonable amount?

That would be amazing.

That's what we're expecting.

Avengers style.

So what if it became as big as Avengers?

Like Ghostbusters, they probably didn't think like that was going to be as huge as it was, right?

Yeah, it's just not going to happen.

You guys say the F word maybe a little, a little too many times.

All right.

What do I want to plug?

First of all, come out this week, this Saturday, Reggie and I are playing Bonnaroo.

So come out in the middle, I guess it's sick.

We're up against Bjork.

I think.

So, you know, if you don't like Bjork and you want to see a couple of weirdos doing comedy come out and see us.

And then also I'll be at the house of blues in San Diego for Comic-Con that is July 17th.

What is Comic-Con?

Comic-Con is the 17th through the 21st.

Are you going to be out there doing something?

No, our movie's out by then.

Yeah.

I bet.

CBB comedy, Bang Bang TV will be in its second week by then .

So we're hoping to do a panel.

So hopefully we'll be up there.

Nice.

Comic-Con's fun.

Yes.

And speaking of CBB, July 12th, I want to reiterate that as our season premiere, I need every single one of the listeners to watch it, to talk about it.

And not only that, but enjoy it because I think we did a great job.

The season 20 episodes, I'm very excited by it.

July 12th, IFC, 10 PM.

Watch it and let's close up the old plug bag and get out of here.

What do you say?

Here we go.

Closing up the plug bag.

Yeah.

This is Ken Moreno with the closing of the plug bag theme.

Closing up the plug bag.

Casey Wilson.

Closing up the plug bag.

Brow.

Brow remix, Adam Pally.

And Seth, thank you so much.

Thank you.

This is great.

Thanks for coming on the show.

Thanks for having me, man.

I appreciate it.

And you'll probably have more fun on this show than you will on WTF, right?

Yeah.

He seems a little angry sometimes.

He's a little angry.

He's going to get intense with you.

And he wouldn't see our movie.

He wouldn't see it?

Wouldn't see it.

Like he refused or he just- I'm going to ask him.

We'll see what- Yeah, you better make him cry.

Yeah.

So if you're listening to this, just know that Seth taped W TF afterwards.

Give us a shout out of some- because we've said WTF on this show so much.

Like say you just came from here.

Yeah.

I'll just try to organically work the word Aukerman into the end.

All right, Seth, thanks so much.

Thank you.

Take care.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

Thanks for having me.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio, boom.com.

The wolf dead.
