---
layout: page
title: 224. Live From Austin; Paul Scheer, Martin Starr, Brandon Johnson, Neil Campbell [19809⧸21110].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

We are live from Austin, Texas, where I was at the Austin, Texas festival.

This episode was recorded live at the Scottish Rite Theatre .

It has chills, it has spills, and well, maybe some chills.

Guests Neil Campbell and the cast of NTSF, SDSUV, Paul Sche er, Martin Starr, Brandon Johnson, all of that and more all on today's...

♪♪♪ Austin, Texas!

♪♪♪ This bonus applause! My God!

That's the best fucking crowd I've ever heard. Holy shit!

You could probably get sound out of that banana if you just knew how to play it.

Alright. I don't know.

Thanks to Turk and the Bean.

Turk and the Bean.

For that cast raise the mission. Welcome Austin, Texas!

Thank you so much for being here.

We have a dynamite show. We've been having a lot of fun here in Texas.

Literally all of us just got in. One of our people on our show went to a wrong...

What do you call these? Airports? I think I said... I almost said plane house.

He went to the wrong plane house. But we all made it.

We're having a great time. I love Austin and there's not much more to say about it.

But really in your opinion, what's better, Austin or Dallas ? Really?

I've heard a lot of opinions about it and I just thought I 'd go right to the source.

We have some great guests here on the show.

Two of which I'm going to introduce right now.

You know them both from the television program NTSF...

something.

S.D. S.U.V. Right? Am I right? Please welcome Martin Starr and Brandon Johnson!

There are mics on the floor if you want to pick one up.

Or that. Hi guys!

I like this old timey Soul Train microphone.

Yeah, I know.

I feel like somebody's going to get herpes.

Brandon's pointing at a lovely lady in the front row.

Oh, now he's pointing at someone else. Who are you pointing at now?

You're giving herpes to everyone tonight.

Once you start with one, everybody's going to get it.

Austin, it's a small town.

We're all into the same type of women.

What's that? Alive ones?

Beautiful, unherpified women.

Pre-herpified women. So far.

I'm not a doctor!

Speaking of not being doctors, what do you think of that whole Michael Douglas thing?

Where he got cancer from eating pussy?

Good for him. Good for him. He's a giver.

Everything you eat gives you cancer.

But I didn't even know that could happen.

What kind of chemicals were in that pussy?

I think it's a great excuse though now.

Michael Douglas. You just got to say those two words.

Michael Douglas.

Do I have the Michael Douglas?

It does sound like something a pimp would tell you if he was your doctor.

You eat too much pussy.

Everybody's talking about it in the office.

Wait, hold on. I'm trying to wrap my brain around this.

If a pimp were your doctor, he would tell you you eat too much pussy and everyone's talking about it in the office.

Not everybody got money for HMO.

PPO, FUR. Some of us have to go to pimps.

I think you just spelled fur.

Which is what I believe pimps wear.

Your story does not hold up.

Martin, I have a question for you.

And I have to go to the phone on this one.

Let me ask you this.

When you went to the 2011 Tribeca Film Festival premiere of A Good Old Fashioned Orgy, were you hoping someone would take a picture that would wind up on your Wikipedia page?

By God.

Is this one right here?

Yeah.

You're wearing a tuxedo t-shirt.

Correct, yes.

And an actual top hat.

Of course.

Which it seems to me the top hat would be harder to get than an actual tuxedo.

It was, yes.

Yeah.

Was this some sort of a joke or was it a tie-in to the film or just the way you dress?

It was my decision.

And I made it.

And what are you wearing now? You have some sort of a teed shirt here.

These are called jeans.

Team shirt.

Teed.

Correct, yes.

That's a D.A.R.E. shirt? Dare to keep kids off drugs?

That is what I do.

Wait, you do this in real life?

You're part of the D.A.R.E. organization?

Yeah.

Describe your position with the D.A.R.E. organization.

I would love to.

I try to keep children off drugs.

By taking as much as I can to keep it away from them.

Limiting the supply, yeah.

Exactly.

I see.

What is your favorite drug, Martin?

Happiness.

And if that were not in abundance, what would you take then ?

I would mainline love.

People, Martin, a lot of people know you from Freaks and G eeks and Party Down, of course.

Thank you.

Freaks and Geeks, what was the title referring to in that show?

I don't think you're going to get it if you don't get it already.

I had no idea. I am so confused whenever I turn that on.

I'm like, there's a guy, there's a woman.

I can barely tell those apart.

It just sounds like you're watching porn.

I may be doing that, yes.

There's a guy, there's a woman.

Put them together, what do you got?

A baby.

I wish that we saw the babies created out of porn, you know ?

Like I wish at the end of every porn you saw just a baby sitting there.

Wah, wah.

Yeah, that would be terrible.

Like they just skip, you see like fast forward to the baby coming out?

Yeah, well, sure, I mean, I guess coming out.

I just pitched a baby sitting there, but if you, that's what you're into.

Or just like after, you know, the end shot, as they call it .

Just like pan over to a baby sitting in a stroller.

I guess that would imply that they're fucking while they should be babysitting.

One of them is babysitting probably while they're fucking.

Brandon, what kind of porn you into?

You're a classy guy, you don't do that I'm sure.

Did you say me?

Yes, I did.

I was jacking off in my mind.

When you guys started talking about babies and porn, I just , I drifted off.

I love really fat, old, white women with young, strapping black dudes.

I call it, I know your kid from college.

It's the six degrees of separation porn.

You show up at an old lady's house and you say, I know your grandson.

We went to that state school together.

And then she lets you in and you know, hijinks, hijinks ens ue.

Sexual hijinks?

Yes.

By the way, you mentioned the 60s Motown mic.

Could you sing a little bit of sexual hijinks for us?

Would you mind?

Of course, of course.

You probably ask yourself what in this room stinks. It's sexual hijinks.

You don't care what any of your neighbors thinks. It's sexual hijinks.

Yeah, Brandon Johnson.

My goodness.

I want to introduce one of our other guests.

He, unlike you guys, he's not famous, if that's okay.

Yeah.

Right.

I mean, we all are on television shows.

Isn't he related to somebody?

No, I'm the first guest. Before that guest.

The last guest, don't worry, the last guest is semi-famous.

So, but we're going to introduce a non-famous guy if that's okay.

And we may have a hard time relating to him because, you know, we're famous.

But let's bring out here, he is a troubled teen.

Please welcome Rick Faber.

Hey Rick. Oh God. Trouble with your glasses.

Hey, what's up?

Hey buddy. You okay?

No, I'm not okay. I feel terrible right now. I'm so depressed.

Yeah, you've been on the show before.

Yeah.

Yeah, we spoke before.

Yeah.

You're a depressed teen.

Yeah.

And what is it that you get so depressed about?

I just feel so bad for adults who have to put up with our immature behavior.

You and other troubled teens.

Me and other teens. We're so irresponsible.

It's like we have no respect for anything.

And all these poor adults who have to deal with it. I feel so bad for them.

Yeah.

You gave some examples last time you were on the show.

Well okay, this guy came to my high school.

And I think he was like friends with our theater teacher at the high school from his college.

I don't know. I think that may have been the connection.

Sure.

And he came and he was being really cool teaching us a free improv workshop.

And that's like a really cool thing to do.

And at one point two of the students who got up, one was a girl who kind of had frizzy hair.

Another was a guy with sort of like buzzed dark hair.

And the guy made the funniest joke.

Oh.

He said, hey I thought Hermione and Victor Crump broke up.

That's a good one from the Harry Potter books.

Yeah. And we just went, that's what we said.

We went from the Harry Potter movies, loser.

You said that? You said that to him?

We said that to him.

And he was just trying to teach us a free improv workshop.

Take a time out of his presumably busy day to drive his Honda Civic down to our high school.

Not even a new one I bet.

No, no. It probably has a scraped front fender from his parking garage.

And he came down to our high school.

It was so cool, so nice of him to do that.

His hair doesn't look weird.

And he made just like a really funny reference to Harry Potter.

We totally dismissed it.

We were just like little shits to him.

I feel terrible now.

I'm so sorry.

I wish I knew how to contact him so I could apologize.

But you know, he's gone.

He's gone. I don't even remember his name.

I wonder what it would have been like, that name.

I mean, I bet this poor guy, his first name probably sounds like real submissive or something.

In what way? I don't know.

Oh, I owe.

Yeah, like an action you would do to let someone else know they're better than you.

Oh, I see.

Yeah, I was having a hard time with that one.

I don't know. I'm just conjecturing.

There's a thousand names that fit that criteria.

Sure.

Bow.

Martin, Brandon, were you guys troubled youths when you were young?

I mean, I can only answer for Martin.

Sure.

And I, of course, can only answer for Brandon.

You know, Martin was in and out of trouble.

Gang life.

He was a crip and a blood.

It was tough.

Would you wear like a half red, half blue t-shirt?

Depending on which side of the car someone rolled up on you ?

No, no.

Those were the hos.

No, oh, okay. You did not do that.

I was like Superman. I had two shirts on.

I would take it off and go over to one side.

I wonder if Superman really considers himself to have two shirts on every day.

Yeah.

He's got his suit and he's got his Superman uniform.

This is a break where the underwear starts.

So that's a shirt.

Makes sense.

It's not a onesie. Everybody thinks it's a onesie, but I'll tell you, I know Superman and it's a shirt.

You're welcome.

So, Rick.

Yeah.

You haven't cheered up already? You've got to make peace with this.

No, I still feel, I can't. I can't get over it.

There's so many terrible things us teens do.

Wait, there's more things?

Yes.

Oh, no, Rick, tell us about the next thing. What else happened?

Okay, so me and my friends, we were at a coffee shop and we saw this guy and he was, okay, probably really cool.

Sure. I bet he was.

And he was clearly, he was finishing, I could see he was reading the book 10th of December and he was reading the last, getting near the end of the book, which I assume must be a very emotional short story because he was in this coffee shop on Glendale Boulevard, wiping away tears as he was reading the end of this book and we just like, as soon as we got out the door, we started laughing.

But he could see because it was a glass door.

Oh, that poor guy. He just was connecting to that book.

And it happened, he didn't know when he started reading it in a coffee shop that it would get so emotional and touch him so.

And that's good, it's good to be in touch with your emotions, but we just, we act like we're too cool to feel anything.

Yeah, Rick, that's not the way to be, Rick.

I know, I know.

Are you going to change?

I hope maturity comes with time.

That's all I could hope.

That's probably impossible for me to change right now.

You know, there's like patterns we get stuck in.

I don't know if you've ever heard Will and Jaden Smith talk about this, but.

No, I guess I haven't heard that interview.

There's certain patterns that just repeat over and over and that's just, teens being teens is one of them.

Yeah.

Do you have another example, one last example you can tell us about of a time where you were insubordinate to an adult ?

Yeah.

You've been very nice to me right now, you've answered all of my questions.

I'm on my best behavior.

I appreciate that.

Plus my knee still hurts from when I messed up in Ollie earlier.

So I'm distracted by the pain.

Okay.

So, yeah, we were at this diner.

This is just now occurring to me.

We were at this diner and there was this guy.

Again, really cool looking, maybe his nose is crooked, has a kind of gappy teeth.

Sure, a lot of people look like that.

I bet his dad does too, it's probably genetic.

Yeah, I bet he's shorter than an average man.

He's shorter than an average man.

Sure.

He's frail looking maybe.

Frail, frail.

Rides a bike so his legs are okay, but from the waist up not so good.

I'm getting a real picture of this guy.

Kind of wispy hair that's maybe...

That's sort of coming and going.

Yeah, more going.

Yeah, that's probably true.

Yeah.

And so...

I see who this kind of guy is.

He was with another friend of his, guy with dark hair, big nose.

And the friend said, you know, made some joke or something.

And then he, like he knew he was being funny.

He lifted one index finger and went, touche.

Right, this guy said that.

Yeah, this guy said that.

Right, yeah.

And then we said a word that should never be said.

Oh, what's that?

Yeah, we just, it rhymes with bag.

Oh, yes.

I'm so hateful, I can't even believe we said it.

No.

It shows how immature we are and how like, you know, I can 't, we should, no one should say that word.

You were implying that he was a homosexual?

Yes.

Yeah, yeah.

Which would not be a bad thing.

No, it's not, but we were using it pejoratively because we 're so terrible.

Yeah.

I mean if anything, like, if anyone saw that, they should know, like, we look like the losers in that situation.

Sure.

But still, I bet he felt, like, embarrassed or something.

So sorry, Rick.

Yeah, well, I only wish I could see this weird looking guy again someday and say something to him.

What do you think his name really is, though?

This guy that you're talking about.

Does he have a name like Bramble or something?

Yeah, it's probably Steeler Dude Bramble.

Yeah, that's probably it.

Yeah.

I'm so sorry, Rick, do you, Martin, Brandon, do you have any advice for the young teen here?

Hey, it doesn't matter, I probably wouldn't listen anyway.

Shut up, you little punk!

I deserve that, I need more authoritative figures like that in my life.

This kid needs a mentor, Brandon, maybe you could be it.

Yeah, okay, class one, I'll kick you in your ass.

Pajorative.

Everybody got to show off SAT words.

Wait, that's what you're upsetting him for? The fact that he said pejorative?

Yeah.

You're not getting this at all.

I'm American.

Alright.

I do have another guest we want to bring out here, and like we said, he's semi-famous.

Maybe not actually famous himself, but he is, I'm getting his information here, he is actually Vin Diesel's twin brother.

Please welcome Bill Diesel!

Whoa!

Hey, how are ya?

Oh my gosh.

I'm Bill Diesel, Fitz brother, twins, born at the same time, out of a mother , Ma Diesel.

Ma Diesel.

Billy, is that your name?

Bill Diesel.

Bill, I'm sorry, I added the Y.

Billy is what you call my son.

I'm Bill.

I don't know why you laugh so hard, that is not really a joke.

My dad always used to do that, he's like, you call my father, Bill, I'm Billy, but I'm Bill, and my son's Billy, so it's different.

My dad always says, he goes, my father's Bill, I'm Billy, and I say, you know, I think it's funny.

It also teaches you about the family trees.

You know who's who and what's their names.

So Bill?

Yeah?

What's up, doc?

Good one, I guess.

Yeah, talent doesn't fall too far from the Diesel tree.

Because we put manure around it so it grows strong.

Metaphorically?

Literally, we put a lot of manure around our trees.

Because it's healthy for the trees.

You came out here strong, you look relatively like your brother Vin.

Yeah, you know, welcome to the gun show.

Everyone here, you got a, well, I was going to say, a lot of you got a first row seat, but technically only like 20 of you have a first row seat, then there's like 20 of a second row seat.

So a lot of you are in the vicinity of a gun show.

We should have checked your licenses before you came to the gun show, because I don't like people not having licenses and guns.

Thank you. I didn't want to get politically correct, but sometimes, hey, you got to say, F it.

Sure.

Thank you, thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

So you look kind of like your brother in the sense of...

Yeah, I'll tell you what I look like.

I'm 4'7", a buck five, have slight scoliosis, and I'm proud to say I don't need the wheelchair no more.

Thank you, thank you.

A squirrel, a squirrel bit my leg.

And that cured you? I'm not getting this story.

No, that put me in the wheelchair, but that's what I should have had him bite me again. Maybe that would have cured it.

It's just the antibiotics worked.

Squirrels don't have venom.

This one did.

Maybe it was a snake, I forget, which is the one that's like slimy.

It could be either at this point.

And he goes, sah, sah, sah, sah, and Harry Potter's afraid of them.

As far as I know, Harry Potter could be afraid of squirrels , so you're going to have to narrow it down a little more.

And he runs in trees, and he likes to eat nuts.

That's definitely a squirrel, I think, yeah.

But when he's not eating nuts, he's like, doesn't have any arms or legs.

Oh.

Only when he's not eating nuts.

Only when he sucks them back in, like a turtle.

I don't think I've seen one of these animals.

Yeah, that's why I got so sick in the wheelchair.

They're pretty deadly.

How long were you in this wheelchair?

Ten years.

And when did you get out?

Yesterday.

It was the first stop you made?

Yeah, I figured I got to get to Austin, keeping it weird.

Thank you.

I also need to check on all these cinemas around the country playing Fast Six.

What do you have to do with Fast Six?

I mean, your brother's in it.

Obviously.

What are you checking for?

I'm making sure the movie starts when it starts.

So that's what I do.

So let me see if I'm tracking this, if I could.

Sure.

Your brother, Vin Diesel, the famous movie star.

He's from Babylon, A.D.

Sure.

Riddick.

We know who he is.

The Pacifier.

Yeah.

But he asks you to go around the country.

Yeah.

You've been out of a wheelchair two days now.

Well, technically one day.

Two nights?

Tonight, well, well.

Tonight's night.

Tonight.

What?

I got out of 5 p.m. last night.

It's roughly, it's 9 o'clock now, so it's about 24, 25, 26, 28 hours.

Time change.

Back to 24 hours.

So one day.

Yeah.

And I was sleeping for eight hours.

Okay.

Out of my pillow.

On a what pillow?

My pillow.

Oh, wait, on your pillow?

My pillow.

You can get it at Bad Bath and Beyond.

You can get it at all your fine retailers.

It's my pillow.

Always cool on the top, always cool on the bottom.

My pillow.

Is this a brand I don't know about, or are you just talking about your pillow?

No, it's my pillow.

It's a brand.

But I can also say it's my pillow, my pillow.

So I'd say my, my pillow.

I feel like I'm in the worst comedy duo routine.

Thank you.

Next to Paul Walker and Vin.

Meow.

Claws in cat.

Meow.

That's the sound that Vin made when it bit me.

I'm counting.

So he asked you then, now that you have a new life, you've been out of this chair for 24 hours, but you've been awake for 16 of us.

I'm counting.

Sure.

He asks you to go around the country and make sure the, the showings are in tune.

Yeah, so I go around the theaters, it goes 12, 15.

I go, hey.

Okay, it started, then I call him.

I send him a text.

If it starts late, I go, Vin, it started late.

And he goes, what are we going to do about it?

And then I go in there and I take a baseball bat and I break the popcorn dispensers.

How many times has this happened in the last 24 hours?

14 times.

14.

Because they say, this is, they go 12, 15.

I get there 12, 15.

Then I see some trailer for another movie.

It's not a bad thing.

They go berserk.

That's just how movie theaters work.

There's 15 minutes of previews before the movie starts.

Wait a second, what?

Have you not been to a movie theater?

No, I don't go to movies.

It scares me.

Because I once thought it was a big window.

And you thought all this stuff was happening?

I looked out the window and I felt powerless.

Because I kept on yelling, hey.

Hey.

Lady, watch out.

It wasn't even a horror movie.

It was Revolutionary Road.

I mean, it's a psychological horror movie, you know.

I was like, don't give yourself that abortion with the goat hanger.

Kate Winslet.

Spoiler alert.

Were you distracted by all the edits in that movie, though?

I thought it was when I was blinking.

Okay.

That checks out.

I mean, now it seems pretty common sense.

It's a motion picture.

They play it and they make it and then the little people act in the thing.

And then they shrink them down.

No, they don't shrink them down.

They're not little people.

They're in the booth behind.

No, no, no, no.

They're dancing the little thing and they shoot it through the middle.

No, no, no, no.

Your twin brother's not a little person, right?

He hasn't been shrunk down.

And he's in the movies.

Okay.

Now you got something.

Wait.

Like the ancient Chinese proverb.

Forward we see, backwards we know.

Upwards?

You ain't going there unless you're a bird, you silly dum-d um.

And down is when you die.

Wait.

So first I thought you were talking metaphorically about upwards.

But no, it's just the birds you're talking about.

Yeah, the birds go upwards.

But down is...

Down you die.

Is dying.

But you see forward but you know backwards.

It's not me.

It's Chinese.

Yeah.

Do you hope to get into show business yourself?

Yeah.

Oh.

As an actor or are you...

Juggler.

Professional juggler.

Well I can imagine you were in the chair for such a long time with nothing to do but your hands.

I can imagine that you spent the last ten years learning how to juggle.

Not a day.

I looked at those pins and the balls and the shelf and I said, one day when I get out of this chair I'm gonna juggle .

I'm gonna juggle like the day is long.

Just let me get out of this chair.

Why wait till you were out of the chair?

Because I was in the chair.

Because if you dropped one you didn't want to have to...

Oh no, just because I just wanted to have a goal.

Okay.

So that's been the thing that you've been focusing most on.

Why then did you take this side gig for your brother going around breaking theater's popcorn machines?

He pays good and I can juggle at night.

Have you juggled the one night? It sounds like you were sleeping.

I was.

I was tired.

I was tired from breaking all those popcorn machines.

I haven't held a baseball bat in years.

I go in there and I go, listen up you cocksucker.

You play this fucking movie at 1215, I'm gonna fucking rip your balls off and shove them in your ass.

But I knew you'd like it too much so I'm gonna fucking fuck you.

So I put that cock so far up your ass you'll be shitting pubes for a week.

Now listen you piece of shit.

You fucking fix this problem or I'm gonna make that popcorn machine you bitch.

I'll put you in that popper, pop your fucking brains out.

That's the top of my life. Not butter but your fucking brains you dumb fuck.

And do they, you have such a high voice do they laugh or do they?

90% of them laugh.

Yeah.

But then when I get swinging, batter up.

Meaning?

Batter up.

But instead of baseballs them popcorn machines my balls.

And popcorn machines your balls?

Yeah and I'm like I'm gonna hit them balls.

Welcome to the batting cages.

But batting cages in movies.

It's a lot.

Rick Faber, as a youth what do you think of this kind of behavior?

I mean... Hi Rick.

Hey.

I mean, sounds like something we would do.

This destruction of property for no reason.

How does that make you feel to hear that a young, troubled youth...

What? Well what?

Is talking.

I'd like to hear the voice of the kids.

It keeps me young.

I have a vine.

I have a picture of me unboxing my my pillow.

These come in a box? I'm learning a lot about this product.

My my pillow comes in a box. It's made by a Boredified, B ored certified bed specialist.

Look it up!

Wow.

Martin, Brandon, what do you guys think about this? I mean as celebrities, do you guys have brothers?

Why do you keep laughing every time I say celebrity?

Because did somebody sit in my space or something?

I won the LeVar Burton look-alike contest. That makes me famous.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. I don't see it. I don't see it. Wait.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's it.

Got to read those rainbows kids.

Makes no sense. I wonder, does he ever get mistaken for Vin ? He looks so much like him.

Yeah. Sometimes when I was down the aisle in my wheelchair, people would say, Hey, you Vin Diesel? And I'd go, What do you want?

And you know, 90% of the time it'd be like Tyrese and he'd be like, just, hey, just want to say, Hey, remember we did the movies? I'm like, Get out of here Tyrese!

Man, Tyrese sounds like a pain in the ass.

Yeah, he's always interrupted me.

I'm at the red box trying to figure out what the rent.

Why doesn't your brother just buy you DVDs?

He's not made out of money! He makes his money so he keeps it.

He got a big fat and he makes them pay him in coins.

And he jumps in from a diving board and he swims and he goes, Hey, Bill, give me a towel.

And then I go, Well, you don't need a towel. It's money.

It's a joke. I get him the towel cause he pays me.

So you've been working for him in the wheelchair then for years, getting him towels in a wheelchair?

God, he sounds like a monster.

No, cause I kept the wheelchairs in the bottom part of my, but the towels in the bottom part of my wheelchair.

So I just go, oop, towel.

Is that your only job, getting him towels?

In Capri Suns?

Oh, that still sounds shitty.

He didn't know how to put the straw in. He would get mad at the Capri Suns cause every time he put the straw in, it would spurt in his face.

And he thought that they were spitting at him.

So I had to go beat the crap out of that Capri Suns.

Shut up, you Capri Suns, you don't spit on them.

I bet you had a big monologue like you had with a popcorn machine.

Yeah.

Yeah. I'd love to hear it.

Listen up you piece of shitbag.

What do you want to be, a fucking grocery bag?

But you can't. Cut it.

But I could cut you with a pair of fucking scissors.

Guess what? You have trouble getting that straw in your front.

I'm going to put my dick in your front.

I'm going to fucking piss in you.

I'm going to pull you up into your big hole thing and then I'm going to suck you down and piss you back into your piece of shit.

Capri Sun, more like piss sun.

I'll fucking stomp you out you dumb bitch.

I hate getting angry though. I don't like to get angry.

You don't like getting angry really? You're so good at it.

Yeah.

Well gosh, you guys are a very interesting group of people that I...

Who knew that we would have so much in common and have such a great conversation?

Yeah.

But it is time for a little something to do here on the show if I can do that and I needed to switch over to this to do that.

But it is time indeed to do this thing to do it and then we 're going to do it.

But what I'm talking about...

Sorry.

Is it's time for the thing called the freestyle rap contest .

Okay, I need a suggestion. You ma'am, one word.

Dogs.

Dogs, okay. This will be easy.

Alright, so who wants to start us off here?

I certainly don't.

I'll start.

Okay, okay.

A dog is an animal. He is made like a cannibal.

He'll bite you and you'll be all fucked.

That dog is shit out of luck.

Bam, that's what I do with my dog and my group.

We kill dogs.

Ride around and kill some dogs.

Yeah, kill some dogs.

Woof woof in this motherfucker, woof woof.

Alright, Rick Faber has a troubled teen.

When I see bitches, I wine and dine them.

And then I canine them.

Doggy style, all night long.

Do it with my little schlong.

I'm not fully developed yet, that's why it's small.

I hope it gets bigger when I get real tall.

Hey ladies, I'm humming your way.

Here's my number, I am not gay.

I just act that way.

Woof woof.

Yeah.

Woof woof.

Alright, Brandon.

Let's see. Dogs, let's see here.

D-O-G, that is me.

Licking on my dick all day to see.

If I can lick on your face afterwards.

Pick up some plastic bags, pick up my turs.

Next thing you know I'm shitting on your neighbor lawn.

I'm pissing on the streets, motherfucker, till dawn.

A dog bite you in your throat and don't get killed.

Look at all this motherfucking on the blood I spilled.

Woof woof in this motherfucker.

Woof woof.

Alright, Martin.

Yeah, Martin.

Martin.

I feel like we skipped somebody.

Oh no no.

I'll bring up the rear.

I'm pretty sure.

What does that mean?

I'm gonna fuck you.

I'll be ass later.

Oh shit.

Oh wow.

Oh shit.

Doggy style for the first time on the show, doggy style.

Here we go Martin.

Do I have to do this?

Yes.

The cost of doing business.

This is the cost.

The cost.

Fuck business.

Give us one verse.

One, one, one.

A whole verse.

No, one rhyme.

Okay.

You can have it.

Ready?

I didn't know if you guys were ready yet.

You can always just sing a hook.

Yeah, sing a hook.

No, I'm sure you could.

Sorry.

What did you, sorry.

I said sing a hook.

Who wants Martin to sing a hook?

Woof woof.

I can set you up and you can do the layup.

Are you talking about an old school tag team?

That's right.

I'm Rob, I'm Rob C.

I'm DJ EZ.

You're gonna go get bass from the AZ Rocks.

Now the layup.

Oh wait, no, no, no.

That wasn't my rhyme.

I was just making a comparison.

Dog.

Here we go.

I saw a dog the other day.

Oh my, I didn't know what to say.

That dog looked big and mean.

It was green.

And I was like, woah.

Maybe that's not a dog.

Maybe it's an alien dog.

Woof woof.

Yeah, great rap Martin.

Thank you so much.

I'm really hoping that this song ends really soon.

Let me check.

Now four more minutes.

So you want to take it until it ends?

Is that what you're saying?

We're gonna take it all four minutes.

Holy shit.

I mean you gotta figure that by now you got something.

Well, this isn't gonna end well for you guys.

Sometimes I rhyme about canines and felines but right now I'm just lying cause I'm not being honest.

It's a new era upon us.

You see we've ended with him and now we're on to me.

And all I know is that I can't see you motherfuckers cause it's dark out there.

But if you were up here and I were over there you wouldn't want to do what I'm doing right now if you stare.

See, I'm trying to do something very anxiety driven.

And that's just me right now the place that I'm living.

Yeah, the Hearty Star.

Well worth the wait.

Well worth the wait ladies and gentlemen.

Well worth the wait.

I can't follow that.

Oh you motherfucker.

Would not be right would it?

Come on I'm terrible at this.

Would that be right?

I'd like to hear you guys do it.

Oh really?

You wanna hear it?

Bill will set you up with a layup.

Bill can set you up.

We kill dogs bitch.

That's alright.

Every single night we fucking drink their blood.

And fuck their bodies.

I pull out the dicks and take them hotties and wear a necklace full of dog dicks.

Hey I know it might make you sick.

But sick as I wanna be cause as long as dogs are alive I can't see.

Nice.

Well my name is Rapid Scott and I'm here to say it's fun to rap in a canine way.

Dogs.

They get hairier and hairier.

Me I have a Boston Terrier.

His name's Rocky.

It's not something other than Rocky.

Meow.

He eats, he shits, he shits, he eats, he does these things and then he eats treats.

That's really all I have guys.

I'm terrible at it.

Straight treat eating.

He is a straight treat eating motherfucker.

Treats all day.

Yeah.

No don't apply for me.

I should have went in the middle.

That sounds like a Rickles thing.

I should have went in the middle.

You had the opportunity.

I should have read these jokes.

Alright we have one last thing to do here on the show guys.

It's time for a little something we call Would You Rather.

Where's the sweet spot?

There we go.

This is so uncomfortable.

Alright it's time to play Would You Rather guys.

We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter which is at CBBWYR.

Not my own personal Twitter.

Please don't send them to me.

They'll get put on the Would You Rather pile which we all know is not a pile of Would You Rather scenarios that I will use.

It's instead a pile of discarded Would You Rathers.

A refuse pile.

Yeah.

Garbage day.

I will read the scenario out loud and then I will open the floor for questions and you'll all ask me questions about in order to narrow down your choice.

I just want to tell you before you start if one of them is kept bitten by a squirrel snake I don't want to do that.

Okay well we'll see.

Alright.

That may come up here.

Alright.

But if that's part I'm out.

You're out meaning you won't do it or you're going to walk off the stage.

I won't choose the opposite one.

Okay.

Alright.

Alright this comes to us from Tawny Clark aka ColorMeTawny.

ColorMeTawny asks would you rather be in a buddy cop comedy with Donald Trump forever or have a movie that is a little more fun?

Or have to let a family of spiders live in your ear?

Or get bit by a squirrel snake?

Ah shit!

Wow she hit it right here.

My goodness.

Yeah well I know one's off the table for this guy.

Yo yo yo yo yo yo.

Yeah.

Alright I'm opening the floor for questions.

You can ask me anything you like about it.

Are spiders your friends?

Ah great question.

It says have to let a family of spiders live in your ear.

Can I call upon them in a time of need?

To make my decorations like Charlotte's Web?

Is it a reciprocal kind of relationship?

Meaning if you are their landlord can you...

Yeah can I kick them out?

Can I call upon them to do something?

What would be the time of need that you're thinking of?

You know like bite somebody or build a web for me or bring me one grain of rice at a time?

In what situation would you be in that you would want someone to build a web for you?

I don't know I'm bored.

You want to stare at something?

Special objects?

Maybe.

They respond to your every command.

They'll build me like a silk condom.

So but but but but but I have a question.

They respond to every one of your commands so that means like you're like a slave owner to spiders.

Where are you going with this?

I'm just saying think about the consequences.

I got a question.

Of course you do.

Who am I in the buddy cop comedy?

Am I the one who's gonna retire?

Or am I the funny one?

Or am I the stern one?

Or am I the lady?

You're two of those.

You're the stern lady and Donald Trump is the funny one who 's about to retire.

Don't come into my office I'm having my period.

Okay.

Okay you seem to like this.

I like that character a lot.

And then Donald Trump is the funny one who's about to retire.

Hey she's always having a period but I gotta get out of here because I gotta retire.

Great Donald Trump impression.

You fired!

You fired Pendulette.

We just put our sinew hole in.

You fired our sinew.

We just put some lady on.

In the Donald Trump buddy cop can I play angry black lieutenant?

Get out of my office Trump!

You out there misappropriating department first.

You making me look like an asshole.

I will allow it. I will allow it for you.

You have 75 hours.

An odd numeric number of time that will fill the rest of this script.

You have 186 days to get your act together Trump.

186 days and 75 hours?

There's three pages a day Trump.

186 days that's like 25 of my period.

I don't think so.

I think you are way off on that math.

And second question are the spiders fucking?

Well I mean they live in your... where do you want them to fuck?

They can't fuck in public.

As long as they don't fuck in my ear.

No I'm saying they are fucking in your ear.

Okay the Trump movie is sounding better.

Okay don't vote yet though.

Alright.

Alright here we go.

Rick Faber you must have a question.

Which one is worse? I probably deserve the worst one.

Aw come on Rick you gotta cheer up man.

You've been entertaining tonight.

No I really... maybe but I still feel so bad about all the terrible things I've done.

Yeah I know.

Are you a religious man?

Maybe you could you know go to church and do some Hail Mary s or?

No.

Well I don't go to any church.

I mean I don't even know what I would be if I was supposed to go to church.

Why is that?

We never went to church. We've never been.

Yeah.

Sorry. I go to the parking lot. I do go to the parking lot sometimes to practice my kick flips.

Yeah.

I got a question.

Sure.

If...

this spider snake squirrel looked really cute...

and he did want to play...

will he definitely bite you?

I don't know. I mean you might have to take that chance.

He might be. He gets like a fun puppy or something.

Might be one of those green aliens.

Ooh yeah.

Now that spider snake is getting better.

Buddy... by the way I like how you call him Trump in the buddy cop comedy.

So he's himself in your version?

Yeah we gotta get the money.

You know the people come to see Trump they want Trump.

It's not called the great that dude. It's called the great Gaspies.

Did he live by himself?

Yeah.

I didn't know he had a family.

Well I'm sure at some point there was a Mr. and Mrs. Gasp ies.

You know you don't...

Is it funny to think of the fact that there's more to the family than the people who are in the family?

Or the fact that there's more green screen in the great G atsby than there is in Fast Six?

I don't think so.

I think so.

Yikes!

What are we coming to?

Baz Luhrmann...

coming in our eyes.

That's what all that green screen is, is coming in our eyes .

Baz Luhrmann...

Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!

Oh keep going.

Actually tastes pretty good.

I don't know.

That was just him blinking.

Martin you have a question it seems like?

You always cough right before you have a question I noticed .

What's your tell?

I'm fine.

Do I was your first question.

That's correct.

You're quick.

So...

No I think I'm good.

Really? You're all locked in?

Are they radioactive spiders?

Oh yes they are.

Oh shit.

And they give you super powers.

Sweet titty.

So you become like an insect man?

Sort of a spider man.

If you will.

Oh.

But then people think I'm Jewish.

Pardon?

Because spider man?

Not speed-a-man.

Oh okay.

Four Jews in the audience just clapped.

They loved it.

You always hear a Jew laughing.

Ahhhhh!

I laugh at that joke but I'm next on the list.

Alright I've closed the floor for questions.

There was no warning obviously.

No warning.

I'm so sorry guys.

I have one more question.

No I'm so sorry.

Alright.

I've closed...

Alright go ahead.

Cough.

So what's the deal with the squirrel snake?

Good question.

He looks really tempting to play with.

Right.

He promises he won't bite you.

Correct.

That's all we know about it at this point.

If he did bite you does everyone end up in a wheelchair for ten years who gets bitten?

Everyone who gets bitten yes.

Everyone for ten years.

Yeah.

Fuck that.

But you can ask it to bite you again and you might get cured.

There's a...

There's a slight possibility that he might...

We don't know.

...pure you with that second bite huh?

You might!

Hey you never know!

There's no evidence either way.

Yeah.

Alright I've reclosed the floor.

Alright.

We're gonna have to vote.

Alright so Martin how do you like to vote?

Going spiders.

Because of the radioactivity did that tip it in your mind?

Once you heard about that?

Everything?

Even the beckoning?

They're gonna be my little slaves.

So you want to be a slave owner?

They're gonna be my little radioactive slaves.

Have you always wanted radioactive slaves?

I mean they're not...

Slaves.

As much as they are pets.

I guess pets have to do what you order them to do.

So it's like owning a pet is like owning slaves.

I'll still have to train them.

I like how you brought it around.

Did you see Texas got real nervous?

Great!

Still have a couple in the basement!

I'm gonna go to the basement!

Me too.

Well that's an interesting vote from an interesting player.

We'll see if you're right.

Alright Brandon?

Get in my office Trump!

Really?

That's my vote.

That's the role you were born to play.

Yeah.

You scream at people making mistakes with federal dollars!

When are you gonna be old enough to play parts like that?

I want to see you in those.

I mean my balls feel that age already.

I want to see it with like a big cut and the whole nine.

Just gray right here and gray right here.

You're too good looking to do that yet.

It's too bad.

Let yourself go I want to see you in that.

It's not worth it.

Just for that one movie you might do.

Alright Rick Faber how do you like to vote?

I'm gonna vote spiders.

Spiders?

When Peter Parker got bitten by a spider he finally learned a lesson about responsibility.

Yeah.

Good.

I hope that happens for you.

Thanks.

Alright Bill not Billy.

Squirrel Snake!

Oh no!

No!

What?

No!

After all you've been through.

No Squirrel Snake it just seems like he's saying he's not gonna bite.

Bill!

I locked it in!

No!

Once you're locked in you have to do it!

I kind of bet it!

It's so cute!

No!

It's like a dog with no arms.

Bill!

Tell me what's gonna happen!

It bites you!

Oh shit!

You're back in the chair!

Ah fuck it!

I'll never learn how to juggle.

Well that is of course how we play Would You Rather.

Alright guys that has been our show.

I want to thank my guests.

First of all I want to thank Martin Starr right over here.

Catch him on NTSFSDSUV.

Also, Brandon Johnson catch him on NTSFSDSUV.

Neil Campbell catch him on Comedy Bang Bang season 2.

Head writer.

And Paul Scheer!

Thank you so much from NTSF.

Paul when is your show?

Can people come to it?

Yes tomorrow night 930 Alamo Drafthouse.

We are showing things we have never shown before.

Human giant sketches that have never aired.

Things from our Cheerio Paul.

And brand new episodes of NTSF season 3.

Plus season 2 and 1.

And a pilot that no one's ever seen.

Not even Adult Swim.

And Paul's going to bring the squirrel snake with him.

We'll see if he ends up in the wheelchair.

Alright guys that has been our show.

Austin Texas thank you so much for coming out.

I love you.

I love you so much.

Watch season 2 of the show please.

Thank you I'm trying to get this song to play.

Thanks everyone.

Good night.

I can't even have this to walk out on.

Alright.

Thanks everyone good night.

How was it?

It was good.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio. Boom. Dot.com.

The wolf dead.

Earwolf.com.

The world's dead.

Earwolf Radio. Boom. Dot.com.

The world's dead.
