Two first-timers, two newcomers to Comedy Bang Bang are here.

That's right, Saturday Night Live's Taron Killam and Paul Britton are both here on the show.

They've never been on the show proper before. I'm very excited to have them.

All of that and more all on today's...

♪ I command you to grow!

♪ Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Nice catchphrase.

Thank you forglenishmore. Forglenishmore. Forglenishmore!

Sounds a little Irish.

Forglenishmore.

Ahh. Master of Accents. Master of Dialects, I will even say .

Yeah.

That's a little more specific than accents. What would you go...

What is the difference between an accent and a dialect?

Go!

Uh, a dialect is a regional affectations that can vary within a particular accent.

And an accent would be defined more by country of origin.

Woo! And then he...

But then, the counterpoint at the same time...

Oh, God.

You know, at the same...

We're doing a point counterpoint here about dialects.

At the same time, you know, language is an evolving thing, so there's no necessarily hard and fast boundaries between the two.

Sure, but how is that counterpoint to anything that I said?

All you did was sort of agree and say that...

...philosophize about language in general.

I misunderstood what a counterpoint is.

And, uh... okay.

Hi, everyone. Welcome to the show. This is another edition of Comedy Bang Bang.

And, uh... Hollywood Days? I mean, I've heard of Hollywood Nights, but Hollywood Days?

I mean, come on, they're burning up.

It's burning up. Burning up the asphalt.

I mean, the sun is up in the sky. This is crazy.

Lady.

A Murphy group.

You could cook an egg on a stovetop.

On your stove.

At your house.

Probably in the morning time, somewhere in the 7am to 11am window.

Even, in my opinion, even if you don't own a house, you could rent an apartment or a house or a condo and still do it there.

Rent a stove. Just rent a stove.

Real estate's the best.

Guys, let's talk about real estate for a really long time.

Do you mind?

Look, there's not enough inventory.

Look, overpopulation is a very real problem, but at the same time, go to Montana.

Sure.

How much underdeveloped land is there in the United States of America?

Just stop complaining.

The deserts.

Spread your wings.

Exactly.

Big desert live-in.

There's room.

You dig down, it gets cooler.

I think that we should stop talking about real estate right now.

Okay.

What do you think?

No.

Fuck you.

Rise up.

Storm the studio.

Let me explain what's going on.

First of all, my name is Scott Aukerman.

This is Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We have a really, we're in the middle of June.

Let's face it.

June gloom.

It's been a real thing, but then you got those hot Hollywood days to burn it off.

June gloom, it's a real problem.

Real issue.

I don't see where I'm going.

How do I get to my coffee?

How do you get to your coffee?

How do I get to it?

Wait, is your coffee in the kitchen?

I like puzzles.

Yeah, my coffee's in the kitchen, and I sleep with all the windows open, and that June gloom just seeps in.

I can't see a damn thing.

I'm peeing in my fireplace.

It's June.

I'm going to set the scene.

I swear to God, I'm going to set it.

We'll get to it.

Or?

I'll introduce you guys in a second.

It's June.

We have another show.

It's another show for another week.

Someone's phone just, was that a buzz?

Was that you?

Was that me?

I think it was you.

I think you got an email.

This is exciting.

I have an analog buzzer that sporadically goes off.

Do you like hoses that can retract?

Sands water?

Scott, you got to reply, do you?

Do you?

Yes, Scott, that is my name.

Oh, I introduced myself already.

So I should get to you guys.

I have two great people on, and neither have been on the real show before.

Never.

Not even the fake show.

None of them.

I will say with the caveat that you, I'm pointing at one of them, and I haven't introduced him yet.

It does say who.

You, I'll point with two fingers and make it a little easier.

You were on one of our live shows last year from the tour.

In Bo Stone.

Is that really how you pronounce it?

Oh my God, my dialects, I've lost it.

I've lost the only thing I'm known for.

I don't think that's even a dialect.

I think that's just pronouncing words correctly.

I don't know how to define it.

That's what I'm saying.

But it's evolving, I know that.

That I retained.

Bo Stone.

Language, it's a living, it's a breathing, it's an organism .

It's alive.

These two guys have not been on the show proper before, and it is my pleasure to welcome them into the studio.

Now, they were, we're both on a show together, which is, I 'm assuming how they knew each other.

Did you guys know each other before?

We did not know, we met there.

So you became friends or friendly?

No, super friends.

Oh, wait, let him answer though.

I was going to say super pals, or maybe super chums.

Oh damn, the super we got right.

And I'm a huge fan boy, so that's all it matters to me.

Are you guys members of the super friends really?

We're members of the super chums.

Remember Gleek?

Oh, I love Gleek.

Where are his handlers?

We care for Gleek.

He was purple, right?

The Wonder Twins wore purple.

And he hung with them when he didn't hang with a little boy and a little girl?

Who were those?

Zanna and Jaina?

Are we talking about it?

He was hanging with a little boy and a little girl.

We're bad handlers.

Hey guys, remember the 70s?

Heck yeah, man.

I love the 80s.

Heck yeah.

I'll get to who you guys are in just a second, but you guys knew each other, you worked together on a program.

We worked together and we're roommates therein.

Oh, you were in an apartment together?

Or do you mean office?

Office.

Office roommates.

Office space, am I right?

Yeah.

I'm going to need my stapler.

And uh...

I know it is the point.

Yes, it's a reference.

Yeah, you're going to have to check that memo.

He's doing both parts.

Remember?

Do you mind doing the entire...

Do Orlando Jones here.

Do the O face guy.

I can't.

Oh, the O.

Oh, I love this.

Now do the entire movie.

Okay.

Go.

Fade in.

I'm doing the director's cut when he used music from A Little Mermaid.

Yeah, I'm doing the scene.

He was, yeah, Howard Ashman Menken.

Ashman Menken, man.

Ashman Menken.

The Murphy Group.

So you guys were on a show, and I'm going to say the title of it, even though it doesn't make any sense.

There's so many mystery building up.

Alright, Saturday Night Live.

What does that even mean?

Pick a place, location, and time, please.

Day, is it night?

Come on, guys.

Let's figure this out.

Bad improv set up.

You know what I mean?

I need a day of the week.

I need a time therein.

Not only that, but a form of shooting.

Only one third of the show happens on Saturday.

This is ridiculous, guys.

It's a misleading title.

How are people supposed to find this thing?

I have no idea.

Anyway, Saturday Night Live.

We got those, we're hiring...

We got a big ad campaign with the Vegas, I like to call them the Vegas flappers.

What are those?

The Vegas flappers.

If you walk Vegas Boulevard, you got the guys with the little four by six postcards.

They flap them.

Oh, is that what they do?

We're hitting the streets with them.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

They flap them, and they try to get you to take them, and they got boobies on them.

We're doing it Sans booby, but we're doing it pro sketch.

I like Sans booby.

Sans booby.

I would like to see a font, Comic Sans booby.

Just like Comic Sans with boobs.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

There's just a nipple in every letter.

Speaking of a nipple in every letter, Taron Killam and Paul Brittner here.

Hello guys.

Hey, it's us.

Oh, Aloha.

Did you guess it?

Or did you just check the byline on the podcast when you turned it on?

Yes, there is a byline, yes.

The author of these podcasts have to write a tribute.

Here's how I feel about this episode.

Scott Hockerman has recorded over, what is it, 300 now?

Four thousand?

It's four, you've done four thousand of these.

Triple digits.

Including boner, no, no, no, no.

Including live episodes.

I probably have done almost, uh.

What did you say, boner?

Including boners that I've ever had.

Okay, so if you take podcast episodes, of which I've done 220, four or five, and boners that I've had, probably in the hundreds of thousands.

Perfect.

It's gotta be a record.

Get us on the line.

I mean, is Guinness still a guy or was it ever a guy?

Was it a person?

Was it a woman?

I think it's a beer, right?

Yeah.

You're right, okay.

We'll figure this out.

So you guys are friends and you met on the show.

Yep.

And tell me about the day that you walked into the office together and saw each other.

Oh my gosh.

It's nice.

It was a nice moment.

I saw you.

Yes.

Especially before we met during the Lorne meeting.

Right, right.

At our original audition.

At our audition, I think.

I think so.

You're coming out of the elevator at club quarters.

By the way, for the listener, these two have locked eyes.

They are just.

We're peering.

We've, we've, our seats are canted at a 75 degree angle.

They've turned almost directly towards each other.

They have locked eyes.

They're about to like do.

Hand on thigh.

He's got his hand on my thigh.

And I saw you and I knew that you were a man.

You had a man haircut.

So could be presumptuous in today's day and age.

But I was, I was 99% sure you were a man.

And I said, that guy looks like a cut up.

He's gotta be here for the same reason I am.

He just might be.

He's not a, he's not a transient businessman with other people in this hotel.

He's not a salt and pepper middle-aged square shaped man.

Taren, are you able to look at anyone in the world and determine whether they are cut up or not?

Oh boy.

I'll, I'll accept that challenge.

Okay.

I think so.

Show them a series of 10 photos.

Being that it's a subjective, a subjective.

All right, let's walk over to the window over here.

We'll just kind of.

Okay.

All right.

See this, this gentleman down there.

We're about, as we've talked about it, we're only one story up.

Right.

Take a look.

Sure, sure, sure.

Oh my God.

People plenty.

Yeah.

There's a lot of people out here cruising the boulevard.

Hustle and bustle.

It's a little bit of a mess.

Every third person has a suitcase in their hand.

It's a California day.

A lot of would be models out there.

I can sort of cut up, cut up, cut up.

Wait, you've seen four cut ups already?

No, no, no, no, no.

Right here.

Goatee, long hair, cut up.

Wait.

So everyone's a cut up then.

Goatee long hair.

That's just to get your attention to him.

That's not the reasoning for his cut upness.

Oh, I see.

His floral shorts and croc shoes.

Okay.

Yeah, no, I see him now.

Determine.

This guy.

Just don't give a fudge and he going to be cut up.

So you guys saw each other.

You guys knew you'd be friends.

You had a great time working together.

We met probably like that first day.

There's the orientation.

Yeah.

Now was the first day Saturday?

No.

They bring you in like a week before.

One week before the Saturday show.

Kind of.

Not the day of.

Kind of.

No, not on, but it could.

Maybe what if, what if you guys, his first day was hour before the show.

Here's your lines.

That sounds.

But it'd be live.

That's what it should be.

It should all be live.

It should be.

I, in my opinion, Saturday night live should be people reading the sketches for the very first time.

You know what I mean?

Learning to read.

But you got it.

Yes.

Thank you.

Very first time.

Thank you.

That is a show.

Yeah.

Anything else is lying in my opinion.

Bunch of illiterates, handed papers scrawled with symbols they don't understand.

They got to pass my cut up test.

And that red light goes on and baby you better have it.

And if you don't, there's no second chances.

So is the show fun?

Go.

Who's watching?

Yes.

Real fun.

Yes.

Super fun.

It is.

It's fun people.

It's fun times.

It's yeah, it's the best.

But you asked that.

The way you phrase that question is like, I feel like you want to hear more what you didn't ask than what you asked.

Is the show not fun?

Go.

Okay.

Yes.

Yes to that too.

It's very not fun.

I'm sure like anything in the world, it's terrible and great.

Highs and lows, pros and cons, hills and valleys.

Exciting and stressful.

Hot, cold, sweet, sour.

Friends, fun and tense.

I'm sure you want to kill yourself most days.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

On that one rare hour in the week that you don't.

You thank Jesus for that.

And you're like, this is the best.

And it bounces up.

I've hit a manic high that I'm not going to be able to achieve ever again.

I want to light myself on fire and be born again as the Phoenix rising from the ash.

And ascend.

Exactly.

And ascend.

Well, and that is probably the best description of being on SNL I've ever heard in my life.

Yeah.

Now, Paul, you are not on the show anymore.

You have left to chase the real killer.

Yeah.

I believe that's OJ Simpson.

Oh, I was going zodiac, still unsolved.

This is a better question.

Do you have an interest in the zodiac killings?

Well, who doesn't?

And why don't you?

And why aren't you an American?

Right.

Is what I would say.

Exactly.

I'm not saying that there's any serious killers.

Yeah.

Night Stalker.

Sure.

Just past.

Within the past week.

Respect.

And I live in LA now.

I'm not saying that there's any coincidence.

I'm not saying there's any coincidence.

But you're inferring.

If just with your intonations, you're inferring that you are responsible for killing the Night Stalker.

You are taking credit.

He's inferring as much as he's implying.

Okay.

I'm silently pausing right now.

I'm back to English class here.

Listen, please.

School me.

You're inferring it.

He's implying it.

Gotcha.

Because I'm taller.

When you're taller, it's infer.

Do we really hope that Richard Ramirez rests in peace?

Do we?

I mean, I remember.

Peace is.

Peace out.

Can I just say peace out and leave it at that?

RIPO.

Rest in peace out.

Yeah.

Was he as bad of a guy as people really said?

You know what I mean?

I mean, we all have problems.

You know what I'm saying?

I think he was.

I think he said, I am evil.

Literally said that.

Who are we to judge is what I'm saying.

By what he says?

No, just like in terms of like, who are we to put him through a trial and judge him?

Well I guess we're his peers.

So that's our obligation as Americans.

Are we really his peers?

Well yeah, in the eyes of the state and the government.

The judicial system?

I don't know guys.

The nation requires of us that we show up once every two to three years to make such judgments.

It's not American to like tell someone what they can and do .

It's precisely American.

Red light.

It is almost entirely American.

No.

Getting in someone's business like that, telling them, hey, you can't do this.

You can't be who you want to be.

I don't get it guys.

That's what we did.

Stop.

There's supermarkets.

We came over here.

There's supermarkets.

There's a lot of stuff you can do.

To escape the queen.

Check out stands at supermarkets.

Wait, what are we talking about?

Supermarkets.

I don't know what we're talking about.

It was supermarkets.

Me neither.

We're voyeurs and who's got whose baby on what reality show ?

All right.

Well, you made your case.

You made your case.

All right.

Moving on.

I inferred my case.

Next caller.

Now, okay, we also have to talk about this.

Taron.

Yes, sir.

You're in a movie.

There's a movie coming out shortly.

Yes.

You're bothered by it.

What is this?

I'll call somebody.

You're in.

Editing is still a possibility.

Really?

Probably.

You guys can cut this down?

Final cut, man.

Wait, meaning cut you out?

Probably.

I mean, that's what I, yeah.

It's called The Heat.

The, now I would say The Heat.

You would?

Mm-hmm.

Okay.

But you have a terrible slur.

Yeah, The Heat.

You're in The Heat.

I'm in The Heat.

Which is Melissa McCarthy.

Sure.

And Sandra Bullock.

Bullock.

Okay.

Bullock.

Okay, so yeah, two funny, awesome ladies.

And when we met, you and I.

Yes, sir.

You were in Boss Stone.

Yes.

Bow Stone.

Filming this movie, true or false?

All right, it's true.

It's true.

I tell you, there I was, right?

Staying in the North End, filming on days, doing live podcast shows at venues by night.

You got me.

And I don't regret a single moment of it, you hear me?

I'm out of here.

Oh my God.

Parachute.

It's good thing we're only on the first floor.

Jetpack.

He's shumming me.

Back through the window.

Hey, so it comes out June 28th.

It's a real fun movie.

You know, we've seen the boy buddy cop movie, but we haven 't seen the female version yet.

June 28th, what is that, a Friday or something?

It's a Friday day.

Check your local listings at the Cineplex.

So it starts during the day.

Well, they might do late showings.

Today's film market.

Wait, if I'm only free at night, I can't see this movie?

Is that what you're saying?

No, I didn't.

You're putting words in my mouth.

Friday, June 28th, I'm in, but I can't do it until nighttime.

I have a job.

I'll call somebody, see if they can do an 11 AM screening.

Would that work?

All right.

If you could call my local theaters.

I wish they could arrange something for 11 AM.

Do you need to be notified or are you showing up one way or the other?

I'm just showing up.

You get to the ticket window.

I'm getting very upset if it's not there.

It's 1158, 1058, Scott Ockerman.

I believe there's a ticket for me.

That's right.

It's the heat.

So it's the heat.

I mean, look, we all know that this is the girl buddy cop comedy.

Where do you fit into this?

All right.

McCarthy plays a character who's a bow stone cop.

Sandra Bullock going back to her congeniality roots, hitting up the FBI one more time.

Are these her roots really?

Do you know?

No, probably speed, probably bus driving is her roots.

Demolition man.

FBI is a branch for her.

Virtual sex.

She's got a root of branch for Bullock.

When she was in Demolition Man, was she a cop in that?

She was a cop.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You know this for a fact.

Yes.

She's in what branch in the future?

Future because she's wearing the suit.

She's wearing the suit.

I mean, a lot of people in the future wear suits.

Right, right, right.

But she's wearing the cop suit with the shoulder pads.

You keep talking.

I'm going to figure this out.

Taco Bell has monopolized the cuisine market in Demolition Man.

I was going to say talk about the movie, but this is actually.

Talk about my movie or the Demolition Man movie.

Wesley Snipes is maybe the most dangerous man with bleached hair on the planet.

All I did was enter DEM and it's the first thing that comes up.

Sandra Bullock.

Not Demi Moore.

You type in DEM, Sandra Bullock.

Not Jonathan Demi.

Not, yeah, Jonathan Demi, not Ted Demi.

None of the Demis.

No Demi.

Okay, here we go.

Keep talking about the movies.

So back to her roots.

Wesley Snipes has met his match was sliced alone in his hey day.

Probably post Judge Dredd, which is a bit of a falter.

See I get those confused.

I think it was pre-Judge Dredd.

There was pre-Judge Dredd.

Great.

So he's still on top.

Demolition Man, Judge Dredd.

Which one's in the future?

Both of them are.

Both future.

Although is Judge Dredd like our world?

May not be our world, right?

Demolition Man is definitely our world.

And you know it because he got a wisecrack and Dennis Leary living in the sewers eating rat burgers.

In which one?

That's Demolition Man.

That's Demolition Man?

I haven't seen this since opening night.

Which one is Rob Schneider?

Opening night?

I hope you mean opening day.

I hope you mean opening AM.

I will say Sandra Bullock plays Lieutenant Laina Huxley.

And coming so soon after...

Hux-table?

Yeah, the Cosby Shell.

So hacky.

It's a subconscious tie-in with the Cosby Shell.

Plus the whole like Adilis Huxley thing of like, you know, Brave New World.

Does that a nod to that?

I don't know guys.

Gotta be.

You know what I mean?

Oh, this is...

She's B class, she's C class, she's gotta be an A. Huxley's fellow officers...

Yeah, Benjamin Bratt.

Veteran officer...

Lieutenant Laina Huxley is assigned to assist Spartan.

I can't tell what kind of cop she is, but she is a cop.

She's a cop, yeah.

So this is getting back to Demolition Man.

But this is...

Well no, because what I was saying, congeniality, she's working for the FBI.

And she's also working in the FBI in this.

But law enforcement in general.

That's her wheelhouse.

She's gonna crack down on it.

So this is set in the future.

No!

No, no, no, no, no.

Present day!

No, but it's probably set June 29th, right?

Oh, nailed.

So come on.

It's set three weeks from now.

I'm getting like a re-education here today.

Or is it one of those movies that like you see a shot of Times Square and there's a poster from a movie a year ago.

Yeah, Cats is up on the billboard.

Come on.

Come on guys.

Wait, oh great, I can't wait to see the first Smurfs movie.

Yeah, try harder films.

Come on After Effects.

Photoshop.

CS2 that out.

So tell me about, we've covered her job.

She's got a job.

Melissa's got a job.

Good.

Melissa's got a job.

Sandra's got a job.

Great, it sounds like a good movie.

Alright.

Check it out.

See it.

In this economy, it gives you hope.

And they come together to crack down on this big time shady character Larkin, man of mystery.

Uh oh.

Who's this play buyer can you not say?

We don't see.

You never see Larkin.

He's a man of mystery.

Oh my gosh.

We don't see.

You see the back of his head?

You see like on the board, they got their cop office with like a board with yarn and index cards.

He's a silhouette.

Ah, with a question mark on his face.

Yeah, that's what he's about.

I think just doing the silhouette, that's lazy.

Put a question mark in the middle of it.

What punctuation am I supposed to assume with this silhouette?

A semicolon?

Is it a semicolon?

Come on.

Easy to period.

It's a question mark.

Now I understand.

I would love to see a silhouette with an exclamation mark and see people try to decipher what that means.

Am I excited or afraid?

You'd be excited to meet this guy or look out for this guy.

Am I happy or afraid?

Look out!

This guy's behind me.

Oh great!

Oh great, he's here!

This guy.

Look out!

There's no way to know.

So they're trying to take down bad guys.

They're trying to crack down.

And the case, they're kind of like, they've both come at it from different angles.

But there's a couple DEA agents, charming, handsome DEA agents.

Wait a minute, is this where you come in?

You're the guy who follows them around?

Okay, I'm a DEA agent.

So someone's charming and handsome and then what are you?

Nice!

Zing!

Do you mind if I...

I know this is intimate, but do you mind if I high five you ?

Yeah, yeah.

Let's please.

If you can make it through this forest of retractable mic arms.

So DEA agents, is that you and who else?

Me and Dan Bacadol.

Yes!

We were talking, Paul and I were talking about that guy before you showed up.

A great guy.

A funny guy.

I've never met him.

Great guy.

I haven't really.

I've not met him, or I don't think I've met him.

I may have met him.

Okay, good guy.

In this he plays a very catchy one-liner of a misogynistic albino DEA agent.

Mmm.

Man, this movie is sounding better and better.

Right?

And so it's the story of these two DEA agents who take over for the two women who can't...

I gotta stop you there.

What?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I would say at best we're peripheral.

Am I using that right?

I believe so.

Nice.

Perry Farrell.

We come on.

Perry Farrell to the lady cops.

He's the third DEA agent.

Perry Farrell.

That would be an amazing combo.

Wait, Perry.

He's been playing a spoof on us all these years.

His name is a play on peripheral.

We've talked about that on a previous show.

Oh, wow.

That I did not know that for the first 15 years of his career until someone mentioned that to me.

I'm realizing it right now.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, wow.

Oh, my God.

But I had a friend who wanted to make a movie called Cops.

This is before the reality show.

There's a popular TV.

Okay, okay.

This is before that.

But he wanted to make a TV show called Cops that starred David Bowie and Alan Alda as cops over 50 years of their career.

I thought that was the funniest pairing.

I think you guys and Perry Farrell would be a similar one.

Yeah, yeah.

So Perry Farrell's in the sequel, hopefully.

All I see is Ziggy Stardust in my mind riding in a cop car with— Hawkeye Pierce.

Yeah, it's a great pairing.

Send in some of your classic buddy cop pairings if you would.

Oh, that's good.

You know what?

And we'll read them on the air.

No, we're not going to do that.

But Melissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock, that's one right there.

They do, yeah.

Who knew that these two great tastes—I'm not saying they taste like people should try to taste them.

You're not eating them.

You're not turning cannibal.

If you see them in person, please don't try to lick them or bite them.

Sure.

Right, right, right.

But what I'm trying to say is, metaphorically, who knew that this would be such a great combo?

Their stylings, yeah.

Actually, I didn't use a metaphor when I said that, but yeah, who knew that they would be so great together and it's a funny movie and we don't need to hear any more of the plot.

Just the two of them.

Buy a ticket or I'll leave you one at Will Call.

Yeah, just meet you down there at 11 a.m.

Just leave one for you.

At my local theater.

Trying to get butts in seats, guys.

That's all it is.

And Paul, you're not in this film?

I'm not as far as I know.

All right.

Let's take a break.

The movie's a little bit—remember that mystery?

What?

There's a silhouetted mysterious man.

Oh, that could be you with the exclamation point.

I am pausing.

I'm not inferring.

I'm pausing and I'm being silent right now.

You're not implying?

So you may be in this film, may not be.

You seem to think you're not, but your lips are sealed.

You're patting your mouth now?

First you were doing the zipping your lips.

Dabbing.

Now you're dabbing in your mouth as if you have a napkin in your hand.

And now— Now you're splitting them into like a Bill Murray caddys hack lips.

Cinderella story.

Yeah.

It's in the hole.

All right.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we will have more from Taron, more from Paul, more from me, I guess.

We'll be right back with comedy bang bang.

Expenses.

They don't subtract up.

They add up.

When you're running a small business, it's important to save money wherever and whenever you can while keeping your business running smoothly.

Well good news, folks, if I may call you folks, Stamps.com makes it easy to do both.

With Stamps.com you get official US postage for any letter, any package, using your own computer and printer.

Unless you want to borrow someone's computer and printer.

Then I think it's acceptable.

No need for one of those expensive postage meters.

Stamps.com offers more features than a meter.

I mean a meter.

At a fraction of the cost.

There are no hidden fees or long term meter commitments and you save up to 80% compared to a meter.

Plus, the best part of it all, you will never, ever, ever, ever, ever step foot in a post office again.

Unless you're dating a postal worker.

Then maybe you'll go visit them, him or her, at their work.

That's a nice thing to do.

But other than that, never go in one of those places ever again.

Now I personally use Stamps.com to send out all the merchandise, which I hand pack and hand deliver to you all from Earwolf.com.

And now, remember, right now you guys can use it using my promo code BANGBANG for this special offer.

You get a no risk trial plus a $110 bonus offer which includes that digital scale and up to $55 worth of free postage.

So do not wait.

Go to Stamps.com and before you do anything else, click on that microphone at the top of the homepage.

Type in BANGBANG, that's Stamps.com, enter BANGBANG and I 'll see you never at the post office unless you're dating someone.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here and we were with Taron Killam and Paul Britton and well, to be honest, during the commercial they got a little mad at me and they took off.

So anyway, this is finally going to be the Bill Burst style , just one hour of me talking show that you guys have always wanted to hear.

Let's talk about...

Oh, sorry buddy.

Sorry about that, man.

Oh, hey.

I didn't realize someone was in here.

Shut the door, would you?

Sure, sure.

Who are you?

We're going to pop in if that's cool.

Hey, if you don't mind, take a scooch up to this table here .

How's it going?

Two young fellows just walked in.

Hey, how's it going?

You're a sweetheart.

I mean...

Thanking for that shampoo and hair color, am I right?

Older than you, thanks for calling us young.

Well, you know, that's kind of a turd of phrase, young fellows.

I didn't want to say you guys are about 55.

Oh, sure, sure.

Here comes trouble is what I would have said.

55 to 58, yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Really, is that the age range that you both are in?

We're somewhere in there.

Let me guess, one of you is 55 and one of you is 58.

He got us.

He got our number.

He called us out.

All right.

Yeah, yeah.

Can I ask you guys to not interrupt the show and to get out ?

Is that weird?

You know, I'm sorry.

You can ask us.

We may or may not comply.

Yeah.

Hey, you know what?

I'll take a shot.

Do you guys mind not interrupting and getting out?

We do mind that.

Yeah, I think I'll say.

It's worth a shot.

I'm sitting.

It's easier on my knees.

We want to settle in here.

All right.

These are comfy chairs.

Yeah, this is great.

So you're doing some kind of radio show here, huh?

Well, it's radio for young people, which is a podcast.

Oh, good for you.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

My new wife's kid is always listening to that stuff on his iListener or what you call it.

Right.

I mean, iPods, iPads, I don't know anymore.

Sure, sure.

It's too saturated.

When I back in my day, you had a ham radio.

You had a ham radio.

Oh, you had a ham radio.

I thought you just had a ham and you just.

Not the food.

Oh, God.

I mean, you had been lucky to have a ham.

You had a ham radio for sure, and maybe you had some vinyl records.

Sure.

So wait.

You had a ham radio.

For sure.

Absolutely.

Greatest generation.

I can't have it.

You were lucky.

If you're lucky.

Fingers crossed.

And then maybe some vinyl records.

Yeah.

And you were supposed to have a good time with that.

And you did have a good time.

You did.

You didn't know any better.

You make do.

You got this radio show because we ourselves are musicians.

Musicians.

Oh, OK.

Well, that sounds awesome.

Yeah, thanks.

And good luck to you.

And.

Oh, thanks.

Yeah, yeah.

God, where did we get our start?

Oh, you guys are continuing.

You know, I guess the Beatles were such a huge influence on us.

The Beatles are an inspiration for sure.

But we knew we couldn't do that.

John.

You can never be able to do that.

You can't replicate that because that's a rip off.

You got John.

You got Paul.

You got Stu.

Oh, you don't know the Beatles?

Yeah, John Paul Stu.

You got Paul Stu.

The Beatles.

Oh, he's right.

The original fifth member.

Oh, you're a purist.

Yeah, I mean, I don't like those shitty Beatles.

You named Stu third.

You named Stu third in the Beatles.

I mean, he was the face.

Wow.

Him and those Rainbans.

He got faced.

Face down.

Faced.

They faced him.

In the earth.

I heard.

If you get that re-release of the White Album, they have that special documentary where that's how they told Stu he showed up and they said, bud, you're out face.

You are faced.

Yeah.

Well, this has been great catching up with you guys.

It's been great.

It's going to continue to be great.

It's great right now and it'll be great for some more minutes.

I got to say, I'm having a great time too.

You're right.

Let the party never stop.

We cannot continue unless I ask you your name.

Sure.

Because I don't like talking to people with whom I've not been introduced.

So go ahead and tell us your name.

I'm Mark Johnson, Sr.

Mark Johnson, Sr.

I'm Lon Smudge.

Lon Smudge?

Is that a senior?

Is that a junior?

Is that just straight up Lon Smudge?

The one and only.

And you've had children?

You decide not to name them Lon Smudge?

I've had children.

No, they preferred not to, I assume.

And I didn't name them that.

No.

That's right.

Wait, they preferred not to?

He has eight kids, right?

I assumed in the future they wouldn't want that name and I didn't give it to them.

Did you give them the name Smudge?

I sure did.

Okay.

So that's what they would have a problem with.

Well, right, yeah.

Okay.

Well, interesting.

So Mark Johnson, Sr., meaning that you have a...

I got a junior and I got a third.

Oh!

Two beautiful boys.

Congratulations.

Both teenage, both in high school.

They're both junior?

Mark Johnson, Jr.?

Well, the third.

The second one's the third, right?

Junior the third.

No, no, no.

Your son would be the junior and then his son would be the third.

Well, I did it wrong then.

Wait, so you had two kids.

I have two kids.

I hope they don't have kids.

And you named them both Mark Johnson.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, junior and the third.

Oh, I see.

Junior and the third.

Yeah, we call them Big Three.

Wait, you call the three of yourselves the Big Three?

Yeah, we're the Big Three.

Or you call the two of them the Big Three.

I call Junior JR.

Okay.

That's JR.

I don't know, elongates it, doesn't make anything.

Sure.

Gives you a little more time with him.

Exactly.

And I call Mark Johnson the third.

I call him Just Three.

Just Three.

Together we form the Big Three.

I'm more powerful at MJs.

Big Three MJs.

Sure.

That all makes sense to me.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And Lon, you have eight kids and how many of them are boys?

How many of them are boys?

Oh, I thought you were going to say how many are still alive.

I'd love to hear that as well.

Take the doctor.

All eight.

Yay!

Congratulations.

Survivors.

Wow, how old are they?

Surviving the living with this old man is their pops.

Yeah.

How old are they?

Sure.

In order.

In order the numbers?

Ascending or descending?

Rapid fire if possible.

I'm going to go from youngest to oldest.

Okay, here we go.

Youngest is eight.

Uh-huh.

I got one who's nine.

Sure.

One's ten.

Sure.

I got one 11th.

Okay.

It's another one that's 12.

Sure thing.

I got one that's a 13-year-old, a 14-year-old.

Okay.

I've got a 15-year-old.

Okay.

And a 30-year-old.

Oh, a knife.

How many was that?

See, that was nine.

Yes.

A secret knife.

You have eight kids when you have nine kids.

I either counted wrong just now or in my entire life.

I don't know.

One of the two.

I'm going to guess your entire life because that makes more sense to me.

Could be.

Okay.

So wow.

So 30 years.

So are you 58 or 55?

I'll never tell.

How old are you?

55.

Oh!

So you're 58.

Chats out the bank.

I'll still never tell.

So when you were 28, you had your first child.

Maybe.

And then you waited another 15 years until you were 43.

That's quick math.

Thank you so much.

What are you, what are you, an actuary?

And then you just got to business.

Yeah.

Just every year banging one out.

Like a machine.

Yeah, like a fucking machine, if I can say that.

Okay.

Sure.

Screwing machine.

You know.

We got kids.

All right.

We got kids.

Mind your French.

So what is the story behind that?

I mean, was your wife just not ready for- My wives?

Oh, here's what, here's what.

Okay.

What are your wives?

I've had a couple wives.

Yeah.

A couple means four, right?

I've had a couple times two wives.

Can you list their ages for us, or your wives?

Yeah, I'd love to hear that.

From youngest to oldest?

Sure.

My wives in age from youngest to oldest.

Here we go.

Let's see.

Youngest now would be 32.

32.

Good dog.

Then I got one 33.

Oh, nice.

I got one at age 34.

Oh, nice.

And another one is 58.

Okay.

And then another one?

No, that's four, right?

Oh, so you've been counting correctly this whole time.

All right.

Great.

I know how many wives I have.

So if I had to guess, you had one child with the wife who is your same age, and then you got several other wives- Took a hiatus.

A little hiatus.

Took a break, as Ross and Rachel did.

You know?

That's right.

And then- That's right, because you were actually still married when you got the 34-year-old pregnant.

Oh.

And that's what you played in court.

You said, I was on a break.

I said I was on a break.

That's right.

The judge said, I'm a huge Friends fan.

I'm tossing this out.

Big thumbs up.

Have at it.

And I think I swayed that judge.

Yeah, good.

So why, I mean, God, I'm looking at all of these kids, I'm thinking, you're a horny guy.

You know what I mean?

Oh, okay.

Well, hey, when you're 58, call me up.

If I'm not dead, call me up.

Let me think about the math.

You may be dead.

Okay.

And tell me how many kids you've got.

I just got a head start on you.

Zero at this point, so I don't know if I could even have nine kids.

Hey, this time I'm 58.

It's the most beautiful thing you can do.

Okay.

It's the most beautiful thing.

Changes your life.

Yeah.

Changes your life.

I mean, you're a 58-year-old guy and you had a kid at 50.

And how old are your children, by the way, Mark?

My two boys.

I got a 12-year-old.

J.R.

Three.

Three is 12.

J.R. three.

And I got J.R.

He's 15.

Already looking at colleges.

J.R. the original.

Oh, jeez.

Very nice.

So, and you had your first child at, it seems to me to be 35, which isn't okay.

Very practical.

I tell you, I was into, I was a business money market guy, suit and tie, doing the grind, nine to fiver.

I think I've seen this Cenomex movie about this.

Doing the grind?

You didn't pay attention to your wife?

You were too busy.

My kid.

I was doing the grind throughout my life.

That was based on my life.

It's called doing the grind.

Doing the grind.

You were too busy at work.

Oh my God, what a process.

To adapt to that?

To adapt to your life.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Larry Thomas plays me.

Crack up.

God, the guy's funny.

You were on the satellite.

Oh yeah, yeah, I wrote it.

They asked me to write it.

They went for authenticity.

Doing the grind.

I've seen this movie, not my title.

Why so many scenes where your wife is neglected by you and then falls into the arms of several other men?

I've had a tough road to hoe.

You know what I mean?

Trying to feel virile.

Trying to feel like a man.

And honestly, my nose was in my work.

My nose was in my work and in my two mics.

Not microphones.

No, no, no.

Unless your work involves two microphones.

I found two mics later in my life actually now that you ask about it.

What is your work?

I left the rat race.

And I found my passion, which is rock and roll.

You almost said rock and roll.

You don't even know what your passion is.

No, no, no, no.

That's part of my story.

You said you've seen the movie.

So I leave Money Market.

I leave the business.

I had to go to the bathroom.

In and out.

People watch it while they do laundry.

As long as there's eyes on it.

As long as you have the TV on, we just want the numbers.

It was on at 11 a.m. I recall.

That's right.

Yeah, yeah.

I turned on seven mics.

When you watch stuff, I won't go out at night.

No, never.

I refuse to.

That's when the hoodlums come out and I'm busy.

Of course.

I'm working the strip.

Rock and rolling, which I found by rock and woolen.

Yes.

I explained this.

I got into the fashion industry.

Okay.

Yeah.

I was making wool blankets, softened by rocks.

That's right.

Rock and wool.

It gives it an aged feel and it's softer on the skin.

It doesn't irritate as much.

Oh, very nice.

I find wool to be a very scratchy fabric.

So then how does one get into rock and roll from that?

I mean, the two don't seem to mix.

Not at all.

I'll tell you what.

I started over.

My wife left me once again.

I'd had enough.

That was a terrible ending to that movie.

Yeah.

Just a real bummer.

No, I know.

I wrote it in a very angry period of my life.

Okay.

My wife, at the end of the movie, let me set the scene.

My wife.

Of course.

We coined that catch phrase.

That's right.

That's where I got it from.

That was Oz.

For real.

I don't know.

I've seen t-shirts and I've heard samples used on these radio shows.

Pay up.

Okay.

Pay up.

I will.

I'm not kidding you.

It's a surprise to me.

That's why.

But I owe you a check.

Come in.

Engineer Frank, I want you to cut him a check right now.

She's with a pool boy.

My wife.

Yeah.

Great movie though.

End of the movie, she drives off.

She's t-boned by a diesel truck into an active volcano filled with lava-proof piranha.

Oh.

And she's shot into space, suffocates.

Her eyes explode.

Right.

So how did she actually die?

Is that what I'm trying to remember?

Oh, she's alive and well.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Poetic license.

Okay.

But a great movie.

Great film.

It taught us that catch phrase.

You tried something new.

My wife.

I love it.

So obviously rock and roll was not in your future.

Not at all.

But it was in his bones.

That's right.

How do you know that?

That's the first thing you ever said to me.

Are you a physician?

No, no.

No, I'm not.

No, you were a pharmaceutical salesman.

You were selling calcium vitamins.

I was selling calcium tabs.

Big old bottles of them.

Huge.

Like Costco would be like, we can't fit it.

Even Costco and a lot of people use Costco as comic exaggeration.

But you were actually saying that Costco, they scoffed at it.

That's too much calcium.

People are going to take these, they're going to get stopped up.

Also probably it's too much to use in a lifetime.

Why would we sell more of something than someone can use in one lifetime?

Oh, jeez.

Flashbacks, huh?

Yeah.

Post-traumatic's going to come back and bite him in the butt.

He heard that every door, every office.

And you put your own money into the business.

Here's a good question, Lon.

Why not sell smaller bottles?

Great.

I wish I met you 40 years ago.

Thank you from the, from the, you are useless to me now, file.

First 18 year old calcium.

18 year old calcium door to door salesmen.

It's going to be a calcium magnate.

Can I say, I wish I met you 40 years ago too, because quite honestly, I think that you and I are kind of simpatico here and I think that we could be great friends.

I would love nothing more.

I wish that I met you 40 years ago when I was a young baby.

Just as a young baby.

And you were an 18 year old calcium salesman.

Kind of a mentor.

And I could have gone on the road with you.

Yep.

And you could have taught me everything you knew.

Taught you the biz.

You know, and you, uh.

Taught you about supplements.

Sure.

Scotty, what about your father though?

He'd probably have had a problem with that.

He wouldn't have an issue with it.

I mean, you know, he, he, he didn't care what I did.

I mean, I don't want to get into my own.

My father would have just handed you away to some, some teen.

Every father loves his son.

You think so?

If I, if I may quote one of my kids favorite movies, Teen age Mutant Ninja Turtles, the 91 release, which I exposed them to.

Do you have a father Danny?

All fathers love their sons.

And I put that in, in day to day grind.

That's right.

You put that in day to day grind.

I put that in my movie.

Yeah.

At what point?

In every scene I worked at, I found a way to work it in every scene.

I kept wondering why during the softcore sex scenes.

Sometimes you just hear it in the background.

Sure.

Someone muttering it as, you know, an unseen watcher of the action.

Exactly.

Yeah.

It was like a little, like, you know, Disney would like insert little sex, you know, a secret sex message.

That was the opposite for you during the sex.

You would a wholesome, you know, make you feel good.

Make you feel loved.

The wholesome stuff is an Easter egg.

You know, exactly right.

Yeah.

Well, you guys are fascinating and it's obviously been a great interview.

Yeah.

No, it continues.

It's continuing now.

Oh yeah.

We haven't gotten to the meat.

We haven't even talked about how you went from rock and roll to rock and roll.

That's right.

Well, there I am.

I'm at this point, 36, 37.

Ask Math Brains over here.

I'm at Math Brain.

My two boys are born.

You have two boys.

At the time, they're one and three years old.

You're 39 years old.

39 years old.

Good enough.

Get them on the weekends.

Mm-hmm.

Weekday hustling out on the streets, selling them wool blankets.

Sure.

So you are divorced at this point.

I am.

You're only seeing them on the weekends?

Yeah.

What kind of things does a father do on the weekends?

On the weekend with his boy, oh God, a lot of catch.

Yeah.

Lot of catch.

Lot of hot dogs.

Lot of ball games.

Catching baseballs?

Catching baseballs with leather gloves.

Sure.

A lot of kite.

A lot of baseball gloves, kite flying.

Oh, take the gloves off for that, though.

Oh, have you ever tried to wind in a kite with a...

It's a costly glove.

Good luck.

Good fucking luck.

You're going to look like a clown.

Yeah.

But hopefully you got your dad there to come, you know, get you out.

That's what a dad needs to teach his kids.

Exactly.

Take your baseball glove off before you unspool the kite.

You're going to look like a goofball.

You can't do everything all at once.

You've got to focus.

And focus we did.

That's right.

After that.

Well, so there I am.

Who do I meet?

I'm going to meet Sebastian Bach.

That's right.

Oh.

From the heavy metal combo Skid Row.

Okay.

That's exactly right.

And you had already met Lon at this point, from the calcium sales?

We just had that passing where he said, rock and roll's in your bones.

Never said another word to me.

He just moved right on.

He just kept going.

Well, he was trying to load his bottle into the back of the van.

I said it to everybody.

I said it to literally every person I met.

I tried to sell calcium.

I said, rock and roll is in your bones.

You better fortify that with an absurd amount of calcium over the rest of your life.

And how many takers?

Over the 40 years that you were in business, how many bottles did you sell?

If I'm going to put a number on it, it's three.

Please do.

Three.

It's three bottles.

What are the margins on these bottles though?

Well, they were gigantic bottles, as I said.

That would feed a small African village with calcium.

That's where I sold one of the bottles.

13 years could have gone in between you selling a bottle.

But if you sell that one bottle, you are made for the next 13 years.

That's a nice score.

That's a nice score for me.

Yeah, absolutely.

Of course I get it.

So you say this to this young man.

He doesn't buy or did you buy a bottle?

We haven't even heard that.

I didn't know.

I didn't have the cash.

You don't have the $600,000.

We're a family of milk drinkers.

Exactly.

Six.

More like 60, right?

$600,000?

$600,000 for a bottle of Lawn Smudges calcium tabs.

Cal-stabs.

Wait.

Is it Lawn Smudges calcium tablets or Lawn Smudges Cal-st abs?

The font size he used on the bottles, and these are big bottles, wasn't small enough to get calcium tabs.

Size 205.

And I had to abbreviate calcium to calse, tablets to tabs.

So they became Cal-stabs.

Why not just take your name off of it?

Lawn Smudge?

Yeah, I wish I'd met you 40 years ago.

Oh, man, I really wish that.

So you don't say another word to this guy.

You pass on off into the night.

I'm assuming this is at night.

And then what happens to you?

You get a ding-dong.

Sebastian Bach, he's freezing.

He's just finished the Broadway run of Jekyll and Hyde.

Oh, I wrote such a good one.

My name is Mr. Hyde.

Hey, you saw it.

You saw it.

I couldn't afford a ticket at the time.

I had two mouths to feed, two mics.

That's what not having kids affords you.

You go out to Broadway, go see Jekyll and Hyde.

Again, we're going to check back in with you when you're 58 .

See what happens.

I hope so.

I hope so, and I will keep you to that.

Absolutely.

About 11 AM, I hope.

Fashion invites me to see he's performing at that time.

And what did he want to buy, you said?

He's freezing.

He just worked his butt up for eight days a week.

He chose a week on Broadway.

He comes out in a chilly New York air, and he's a skinny guy.

And I'm selling rock and wool blankets.

Just blankets?

I thought it was clothing at this point.

Rock and wool.

I said the fashion industry.

I got it.

The fashion industry.

Fashion blankets.

Wait, you're only selling blankets?

I don't think blankets is a high ticket item in fashion.

I wish I'd met you 13 years ago.

That's right.

Yeah.

Is that right?

Everybody basically wishes I met you.

Did I do that right?

No, about 11.

About 11 years?

Yeah, about 11 or 12.

Well, anyway.

Well, if you'd met me 16, maybe we could have drawn out a business plan.

And then maybe I would have warned you about it before you ever even thought.

Maybe I'd still be with the love of my life, my wife.

My wife.

Sure.

So, he wants to buy a blanket.

He does or he does not?

I give it to him for free at Sebastian Bach.

You're not going to charge Sebastian Bach for a rock and wool blanket.

Sure.

Guy's so skinny, he was shivering.

He invites me to a little, he says, I'm doing a show.

I'm doing an impromptu show down in the East Village.

And this is in, you're in New York at this point.

In New York at this time.

Great.

I show up.

It's not my scene.

The kids, you know what I mean?

I'm way out of place.

Sure.

You're 39 at this point.

I'm 39.

It's too sad.

I'm not, you know what I mean?

I'm not over the hill, but I'm not hip.

Hip young East side.

But at the same time, you feel like rock and roll is in your bones because this man said this to you.

Right.

No.

I'm like, I'm going to the East Village because I listened to my friend.

Guess what?

Go to order a drink.

I go up to order a beer.

Sure.

At the show in the East Village.

At the show in the East Village, order the bar, give me a beer.

What you got on tap?

I'm a dad.

You tell everyone that.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm a proud father.

Sure.

Handsome boys.

JR and three.

JR and three are just the joys of my life.

Best thing I've ever done.

Beautiful boys.

And I look to my right.

Who's there?

Cal Tabs.

Cal Tabs is there.

He remembered my name as Cal Tabs.

I said, hey, Cal Tabs.

And I reminded him.

No, it's Lon Smudge.

And you said, oh, that big name above Cal Tabs.

Oh, I thought that's what you were selling.

That's why I didn't buy that in the money.

You thought he was selling Lon Smudges?

I said, my lawn is perfect.

I work on it three times a week.

I don't want to smudge it.

I want to smudge it up.

Well, I can see how you would get confused, especially since Lon Smudge is in the right font.

His name, by the way, was L-O-N.

It's actually L-A-W-N.

No, it's L-O-N.

But you may remember it as L-A-W-N.

That's how you spelled it on the bottle.

Oh.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It was a typo.

Yeah.

I'm not going to lie.

Very expensive to print up those bottles.

Sure.

You're huge.

So anyway, I say, I got a calcium deficiency.

Wear those Cal Tabs now.

He says I'm done with it.

Oh, at this point, what had happened in your life that you were done with it?

I put 10 tons of them on a barge and lit it on fire.

How many bottles is that?

Is it about five?

Five bottles.

Okay.

Each are about 2,000 pounds?

That's right.

Okay.

Put it out on a barge, shoved it out into the Pacific Ocean , and lit it on fire.

By hand.

My friend Lon is a man.

That's about $600,000.00.

Superhuman strength.

That's right.

Right there.

Yeah.

Between him and his eight kids.

You know, street value.

Street value.

I know.

Well, I had to get out.

Did they sink?

Did they then evaporate in the ocean and cause the ocean to turn into calcium or something?

I turned my back.

And you haven't looked at the ocean since?

Anything could have happened.

Any ocean.

A wave could have put the fire out, and they could be floating 50 feet off the shore right now.

I don't know.

We don't know.

We play gigs.

He won't go anywhere near the coastline.

Do you ever check the news to see if anything will happen?

Or do you just keep away from the news as well?

I prefer to keep away from the news.

Just in case there's a story about all this.

Giant pain.

Ten giant bottles.

Yeah.

I prefer not to know.

Yeah.

Gosh.

But I suppose I've just recorded myself describing it.

Do you imagine?

I'm curious.

Do you ever imagine in your head, like, oh, do you ever catch yourself like, oh, my tablets are probably at this point?

Well, you know, in Dream of All Dreams, the barge made it out to Hawaii, and I'm now supplying calcium for the island state of Hawaii for the rest of its existence.

Hopefully.

That's a beautiful dream.

That's a 50th state.

That's a beautiful dream.

Or the 51st or the 52nd.

I'm not really sure.

50th.

You think it's 50?

It could be 49.

Could be 52.

Could be 53.

Well, there's only 50 total.

If you think so.

What are you counting?

Puerto Rico?

What are you?

I'm counting Washington, DC, too.

There's talk of this.

I also count Texas as three different states, because hopefully it's going to bring up three different states at some point.

And leave the nation.

And you're going to succeed.

Yeah.

So then it would be negative three.

I don't know.

Right.

A lot of weird math going on.

A lot of weird math.

Well, I'll tell you what gets you out of your head.

Yeah?

What makes you take your mind off weird math.

Rock and roll?

Rock and roll, my friend.

Oh, OK.

Wait a minute.

We still haven't even gotten to the part where you wander in the hallways of radio stations.

Well, I mean, you saw him, obviously.

You saw him?

We're at this hot club in the village, and we're ordering a beer.

And you're a dad, obviously.

I'm a dad.

And I'm a dad several times over.

Sure.

And I say to him, you know what?

This isn't really our speed, is it?

I see.

These cool youngsters.

He called my number.

With their punk rock.

That's right.

You didn't even know what genre of music it was.

With their punk metal.

There was a lot of yelling.

And their spiky rock.

A lot of screaming.

Anger.

Angry music.

They had their electronic rock.

Sure.

And their dubstep rock.

Yeah, exactly.

Their EDM rock.

Emo.

Emo Rasta.

Emotional music.

It was, uh.

Too much.

It's not music.

If you call it music, that kind of yelling.

What were you doing there, though?

Why were you in the East Village?

This is confusing.

Well, I was trying to prove something to myself, and I proved that I shouldn't try to prove something to myself.

Oh, OK.

Lesson line.

And I'm staring right at, uh.

Did you recognize Michael here?

I recognized him.

Mark, sorry.

I'm so sorry, Mark.

No, that's OK.

I think I said it wrong.

Do people call you Michael sometimes?

My stage name is Mike.

Yeah, yeah.

I say Mike.

Your stage name is Mike.

Yeah.

But your real name is Mark.

I got it.

So, uh, your stage.

Did you recognize Mark?

Mike here?

I recognized him as a soul brother.

Sure.

Right away, and I thought I was looking into a mirror.

Oh.

You guys do look very similar, by the way.

Yeah.

Did you literally think you were looking into a mirror?

I thought I was looking into a mirror, and I started doing my hair, and the mirror reflection didn't move.

Oh.

And that's when I realized it was a person.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh, my gosh.

So you jumped.

You did a little buh.

I went buh.

But I couldn't hear it, so it looked ridiculous.

So loud in that place.

Sure.

So I just thought he was spasming.

Yeah, I thought I was like he's having a seizure.

And silent spasm.

Sorry.

Yeah.

So did you then like try to?

I cupped his jaw in my hand, so I didn't want him to swallow his tongue.

Sure, yeah.

And he said, and then he see a mouth.

Exactly.

Well, I was two knuckles.

Oh.

That's what I learned.

If you don't got a popsicle stick on hand, it's a dead.

So all of a sudden, this stranger, who you think is like looking in a mirror, is putting two knuckles inside your mouth.

That's right. And it felt like coming home.

Wow.

That's right.

What a story.

And I said, let's blow out of this place.

We don't fit in.

That's right.

Let's hit an outback.

We're like a couple of brown left shoes in this rock and roll club.

Get some steaks at an outback.

Sure.

We did that.

And lo and behold, in the back of that outback steakhouse, if there wasn't a few guys just tinkling around on guitars and bass guitars.

Just all bass.

All basses.

Three guys.

Three bass guitars.

My goodness.

What a terrible band that must have been.

Oh, but the beat.

But the low end though.

But the beat.

The low end was present.

It's hard to miss this low end.

Yeah.

And more than anything, it was a couple of regular guys like us.

Okay.

And we thought we might be able to fit in with these guys.

That's right.

So three men in their 50s.

That's right.

So no, I'm sorry.

Wait, at this point.

There's already three there.

At this point, you're in your 40s and you're, yeah.

I'm on the cusp.

No, you're on the cusp and you're 43.

I'm over the line.

I need a 50.

That's right.

Well, no, I believe you're 43.

Right, right, right, right, right.

Young dads, young dads.

Right.

And then you see these guys who are of similar age and you say, hey, we can fit in here.

Just yeah, jamming out in the back of an outback steakhouse .

Do they have other instruments there?

Not just basses?

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Was this like an instrument?

Well, well, I'll say they had the cases for them.

They had a full, they had a five piece drum set.

I saw two electric cases, one acoustic for guitars.

They also had just a, like a basket that looked like you would put like some percussion in there and maybe some tambourines.

Something to carry percussion.

It could have been a laundry basket though.

Guess what?

What?

Not instruments.

Little league equipment.

Oh.

They were keeping their kids' little league equipment in these musical instrument cases.

That's right.

It was a don-das thing.

You open it up.

Each one of these guys was the manager of their son's little league team independently.

They were each managers.

Were they competing against each other all the time?

Sometimes.

But they found enough common ground to have a band.

Friends first.

All bass guitar band.

That's right.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, we opened them up.

They said, hey, get your hands off our cases.

What are you doing while you open them up?

And we said, oh.

I mean, that is a good question.

Why were you touching their cases?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

We were in a steak stupor.

OK, I would say no more.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We were drowsy from steak.

Sure, you're just opening things at random.

From those Australian steaks.

Yeah, of course.

And, uh.

They fly all those steaks in from Australia, too.

That's right.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Crazy.

And so you're just opening things at random.

You're like, ah, steak stupor.

There's a bunch of baseballs come at you.

What are you thinking at that moment?

You're in a steak stupor.

You don't know what's happening.

The low end is happening.

They're playing their guitars while you're doing this.

No vocals.

Not a vocal in the room.

We just did a pretty accurate simulation, I'm sure, of what it must have been like.

That's better than what they were doing.

Yeah.

Oh, OK.

Gosh, this sounds like a terrible band.

Even better.

Not great.

Because they didn't have the final elements there.

Sure, what are those elements?

Until that fateful night.

Well, you're looking at them right now.

The two of you are those final elements.

Yeah.

I'm going to get you a little bit more confused.
