---
layout: page
title: 226. Paul Feig, Horatio Sanz [19918⧸21112].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Paul Feig, creator of Freaks and Geeks and director of Br idesmaids, has a new film coming out this Friday, The Heat, with Melissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock. We will talk about that as well as the rest of his illustrious career, plus a really interesting charitable organization, the head of which, who is here.

He'll be talking to us all hour, all of that and more, all on today's...

♪ There can only be one world's most handsome grandfather, and he will be chosen tonight on this very special episode.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you so much for that catchphrase submission.

M. Foy, there can only be one world's most handsome grandfather, and he will be chosen tonight on this very special episode.

Well, that sounds exciting. Too bad we're not going to get to that.

Welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang for another week, and what a week this is.

We're going to have two shows, or it's a two-show week, rather, and we have a great guest.

He was on the show, I want to say almost two years ago now.

It may have been that long.

Because it was right before Bridesmaids came out.

Yep, exactly.

And, which is my number one film of that year, by the way.

Thank you, sir.

The best film of the year, in my opinion. I think it's, and I'll introduce you in a sec, but I think it's terrible when the...

You know, when people making top ten lists of movies, they always put the dramas up there at the top. You know what I mean?

Ah, drama boo. I know.

How hard is it to make a drama? Someone crying about something that happened to them when they were a kid?

It's such a loaded question for any of us in comedy, because we're always like, ah, drama's easy.

But, you know, it's two different things, but comedy is really hard to do, and not to kind of aggrandize what we do .

But it is, it's, you know...

It's so hard. We're heroes.

Yes, we are. We're literally superheroes of the human emotions.

Well, let me get to exactly, you must be, your interest must be piqued at that answer, because you're saying, who is this person who's so smart about the worlds of comedy and drama?

He is the director of Bridesmaids. He is the creator of Fre aks and Geeks. Already, that's enough to put you into the Comedy Hall of Fame.

I'll take it.

And yet, you have a new project, which comes out this Friday, The Heat, your new movie that you directed, and we 'll talk a lot about that. Please welcome Paul Feig to the program.

Hi, everybody.

Welcome back, we should say.

Thank you, it's good to be back. I kind of missed the homeless guys fighting outside the window, though. That was ...

Back in the old Earwolf studios.

Yes.

Yeah, in the middle of the show, we would just hear like a switchblade being pulled, and people fighting over the trash.

And now here we are on the Sunset Strip overlooking the beautiful Hollywood Hills.

Is that a character you do?

Yes, it is. It's my DJ character.

Not bad.

That's right. But thank you, Scott. It's great to be back here. I love it.

It's... You're a friend of the show, and you're kind enough ... I mean, it's safe to say that your career exploded maybe three days after you appeared on my show.

Well, it's because of being here. I like that. No, I...

First of all, Scott, congratulations to all your success.

Oh, well, thank you so much.

I'm thrilled to see you on the television.

It is dwarfed in comparison to yours, I mean.

Oh, go on, go on. Well, I mean, I want to go back to one of your earlier points about comedy.

Yes.

Here's my theory of why comedy doesn't get the respect that it deserves, is because when you do comedy really well, it looks effortless.

Yes.

And so people go, oh, that's easy, because look at how easy that was. And they don't realize all that goes into it, you know. I mean, it's like a stand-up. You see a great stand- up, you go, oh, that's cool, he just got up and was funny.

He's just talking.

Right. No, no, yeah. It didn't take him two years to hone that material.

I think the only time that comedy looks hard, like it was hard to do, is when something like Tom Hanks doing the piano thing.

Yeah.

You know, like that's... Or Harold Lloyd on the clock.

Right.

You know what I mean? That's the only time where you go, oh , wow, that must be hard to do. And that's when comedians get awards.

Well, it's like when you go to see a play, you can... Or a musical. People are doing these amazing dance moves all over, but get a bunch of people to do a kick line in unison and everybody applauds.

The easiest thing there is to do when you... Like, if you know dancing, like a kick line is the absolute easiest thing.

Look, they can link up with their brains and make their legs do the same thing.

Right. Well, speaking of great comedy, were we talking about that? Not really sure.

I don't know. It's all open to interpretation here.

But since Bridesmaids, huge hit. I saw you there opening night, the Thursday before at the Midnight Show.

Yeah.

And crowds love it. It comes out, boom, through the roof, hole in the roof. You catapult through the roof. You're up in the stratosphere. You're like, I need a new roof.

That's right. I'll ruin my roof. I'll ruin my roof.

You build a separate roof above where you are in the strat osphere. So now you have like some kind of roof up above you , far above roofs that people have.

Right.

And so you have a brand new roof up there. Describe what it 's like being in the comedy stratosphere, I think is my question.

Well, if I felt like I was, then I would. It'd be easier to ... You know, every day is terror that you're going to blow it.

You know, because I was in comedy jail, movie jail, comedy jail too. Movie comedy jail actually is the worst one to be in.

I was in there for a while, you know, because after I did Unaccompanied Minors, everyone's favorite Christmas movie that never airs.

You know, things didn't do well. And so I was kind of, you know, a bit of a pariah.

A little hard. And then you go and do the funniest comedy in the last, I'm going to say, 60 years.

Wow. Boy.

I think so.

Hi-yo.

Since, you know, those Bob Hope comedies in the 50s.

I was going, those later ones when he wasn't with Bing anymore.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

The ones he did with Lucille Ball.

Anita Ekberg. Hey, yeah, no kidding. She's a countess.

I don't know.

Another character. I love it.

Yeah. I'm pulling out Bob Hope because now no one who listens to the show probably knows who he is.

I know. I'm a huge Bob Hope fan.

Me too.

I have a portrait. I have one of Bob Hope portrait in my house that sat next to his desk for 50 years of his life.

You don't say. What's the portrait of?

Of him.

Of himself. He sat on his own desk?

Yeah. From 1945. And now Phyllis Diller, who sadly passed away, has a later portrait of him.

And so with much respect, I would like to get that out of her.

Oh, so you want that?

Her house. Exactly.

Right.

Yes.

So you can have competing portraits.

We'll be staging a midnight raid. Exactly.

Right. Oh, wow.

I see him age on my wall.

How often did he get portraits done? Every...

Only two I know of.

You know, he used to live... I live on a street where his estate is.

Wait, we live in the same neighborhood.

Oh, we do. Oh, let's disclose the addresses right here.

Is that you playing that music all night?

Yeah, of course.

God damn it.

But yeah, I live over there. And I guess he used to go to the Bob's Big Boy every single night.

Someone was telling me at three in the morning, he would just be sitting there.

And you could go up and talk to him.

Oh my God, really?

And I never...

All the time I lived there, I didn't know that.

Yeah, I never did it because I was afraid that it would kind of let me down.

Like, the concrete... You know what I mean?

I didn't want to meet him.

Well, Kevin Meaney used to live in that neighborhood.

And he would walk by and he said one day he was walking by, because Bob knew him from a Young Comedian special.

And Bob Hope had those big iron gates that were covered, but there's like a little hole in the middle.

And so Kevin's walking by and just like, he's like, Hey, hey, Kevin, Bob over... And he's talking to Bob Hope, but like...

Through a hole in the gate?

It's just Bob's face in a hole, like one of those things that you throw pies at or sponges.

It's like an episode of Laugh-In.

Yeah, he's like, open the window.

So yeah, but...

He had a big garage sale recently.

It was a total bust. Did you hear about it?

I heard that they sold everything within the first hour or something.

Where I got this portrait was a giant auction that they did .

And so that's where all his kind of good stuff went.

I think that was all of Dolores' Christmas ornaments.

Right, yeah.

I just wanted to go to look at his property because, you know, he has...

It's for sale. It's for sale.

It has a one-hole golf course in the back.

I think if you and I team up on this...

Come on, it'd be the new comedy bang-bang estates.

You know, I'll get the little guest house...

Like the Playboy Mansion.

Yeah, exactly. That'd be fun.

Except for just a lot of dudes and some ladies who kind of like comedy.

That's what I mean. And all the dudes.

So Bridesmaids comes out. It's a huge hit. And now you...

I viewed it as like, finally one of the good guys wins.

You know what I mean? Because it really was one...

Like you said, you were in movie jail and you didn't have as many opportunities as you used to coming off of Freaks and Geeks, which is, you know, one of the best TV series of all time.

And then Bridesmaids comes out. I just felt so happy for you that it was such a huge hit.

And now you're being given your due. You're out there doing a million projects, which is so great.

Well, thanks. I'm a huge prick now, though. Did you get...

Did you hear that?

I had no idea. What are you doing to people?

It's unbelievable.

Really?

I tend to fire a lot of people. I've punched out several...

Punched out?

Yeah. Just, you know, just craft service people. They get a little...

They're the worst.

I know. They really are.

You know what I mean?

Yeah. But I keep the veneer of... No, I thought... I really ... My whole theory on comedy and directing is my goal, my whole job is to create a very safe environment where people can do...

Can try everything. Because I don't reject anything. If we 're on the set and somebody goes, like, can I try this? Sure. We got a camera. It's got film in it. We got... Let's do it.

Even if I have to go over time, it's like, we're never gonna be back here again.

Right.

So that's the worst thing is like, you know, you had it all . You worked so hard for so long to get to that set. You're with the script and all the notes and you finally get there.

And to get there and be like, okay, we got a half hour. We gotta get out of here and do the one thing. It's like, what are you doing? Now is where you should really be.

Because there's so many times that you look back on a project and you go, oh, if only I had spent 30 more minutes shooting.

Totally. And this is always Judd Apatow's theory. It was like, on the set, just what you're doing, you're shooting so that when you're in the editing room, you never go like, oh, shoot. I wish I had done this. I wish I'd gotten that.

Right.

And so it is. It's smart because you... Also, the worst thing you can do is shoot the script, is just shoot the script. Because all the stuff we think is hilarious when we're the writers, that's generally the stuff that doesn't get a laugh.

Right.

So it's all the alternate stuff and letting it morph. And then we'll have some writers on the set and I write. And then, like on The Heat that I just did , Katie Dippold, the amazing Katie Dippold from Parks and Rec, wrote this amazing script.

UCB.

Oh, yeah. She's so funny. And she was on the set with me the entire time.

And we were just constantly punching stuff up. And the writing process still hasn't... I mean, it just stopped once we locked the picture and finished the sound mix because we were still writing ADR jokes.

Right. I love ADR jokes. Anytime anyone has their back turned.

I know.

Put a lot of people with their backs to the audience if you 're making a movie because that's gold. You can just put in so many jokes.

Just have the person who's on camera look like they're responding to something.

I think the next movie you do, just have everyone with their backs to the camera.

That's my goal. That's really my goal.

So then you write the movie after you shoot it.

I'll call it Back to the...

So I noticed you said that a script can morph sometimes.

Morphing was invented for Terminator 2.

Wow.

A piece of film trivia for you.

You tell, Scott.

Are you a good laugher on set?

Yeah. It's actually... It's terrible because I am famous for ruining takes.

Because I like to stand next to the cameras. I don't like to hide at Video Village. I like to be right up there so I can feed stuff to the actors and ...

Like food?

Yeah. Oh, yeah. I like to feed them during the shot. We can CGI that sandwich out of their mouth.

I just like to be able to go, oh, try this, try this, because we'll get ideas. But I'm constantly bursting out laughing. I mean, The Office, I was very famous for that because Carell makes me laugh harder than any person in the world.

And he would just always surprise something and I would ruin... I mean, they can mix me out sometimes. But I've had actors ask me to leave the set. But that's why I love what I do. I love getting to work with the funniest people and helping make them funnier and guide them.

Well, speaking of the funniest people, you have a movie coming out Friday, The Heat.

Let's talk about that a little bit because we have Melissa McCarthy, who was in Bridesmaids.

Breakout star, safe to say.

Yeah. Yeah. An Oscar nominee.

What?

For that. I know. Every time I complain about, oh, comedy gets no props, it's like, oh, actually, you know, we did... We got two nominations. So it was very nice. Yeah. But she's... Oh, my God.

It's nice.

She is... It's nice. But she's... Hey, that's nice. You should do a movie about that.

But she's the greatest. I mean, and talk about one of the other funniest people on the planet.

I mean, there's nothing that women can't do.

Right. And then we also have Sandra Bullock, who did a lot of comedy more earlier in her career.

And I was watching the trailer recently. I was like, this is like a return to comedy for her.

Oh, it's really exciting. I mean, Sandra's so funny. She just kind of cracks me up. And it was fun to use kind of what people know her as and then morph it into this and put her up.

Morph.

What happened again? See? Wow. Maybe that should be the catchphrase.

Interesting.

We're going to morph a hot grandpa today or something. Is that it?

We're going to morph a hot grandpa. If that's not the episode title, I don't know what it is.

That's my new book. Be sure to pick that up. No, but it was really fun to kind of put them up against each other because their comedy styles are...

They complement each other very well. And they became fast friends. I mean, they're still kind of best friends now. They had all the time.

Oh, wow.

So it was nice. It was a really... You know, look, making a movie is always difficult, but as nice as that difficultness can be, this movie couldn 't have been nicer.

That's my goal is to do a movie with one of those people and become best friends with them. I don't even care how the movie turns out. I just want...

You should hang with what? Clooney, you think?

Yeah, just...

Go Gosling. Go Gosling.

Gosling. Oh, man. He'd always be breaking up fights.

Yeah, totally.

You know, people trying to kick my ass. He'd be getting in there. It'd be nice.

And being all cool.

Yeah. So the heat opens this Friday. What can people expect ? I'm guessing chills, thrills, maybe some spills.

Well, yeah, all of those. Not in that order, but we'll see.

But it's a good R-rated comedy. I think there are more fucks per minute than I think I've seen in a long time. We actually had to count up all of our swear words because of Get Ready for the TV version.

I think we hit about 170 on the fucks. We hit about 80 on the shits. I know. I couldn't be prouder about this.

How many did Scarface have? That's around the same number, isn't it?

I think we are probably around the same number.

Oh, I love it.

I know. So ladies, come on. The ladies can do it.

The Scarface of comedy.

Yes. But it's super funny. And we've shown it a lot. And audiences have really reacted well. So not to be all promote-y, but I...

Please be promote. When you have something great to promote , I want you to.

Yeah, I'm really happy with it. It's just a good time. And the girls are just spectacular together. And there's other really hilarious people. And we got Mike McDonald is in there.

Bill Burr is in it. Nate Corddry. Jane Curtin is in this thing.

Wow, Jane Curtin.

Spoken Reasons, if you're an internet fan. Spoken Reasons is a...

Hate the internet. Hate it. We'll not go on it. Never.

You gotta get over that.

I hate to surf. That's mainly my problem. It's like I had a really bad surfing accident when I was young.

Really?

So yeah, I just will not go on the internet.

You'll get led into another place you don't want to be at.

Yeah, but it's just... Yeah, so an amazing cast of just really funny people.

Amazing cast, crew probably pretty good. We don't need to talk about them.

A lot of the crew, my same crew that shot Bridesmaids, most of them are back for this.

Bob Yeoman, who shoots all of Wes Anderson's movies, is my DP on this again. So for you film lovers...

Aficionados.

Exactly. It's not just a crazy comedy, it's got...

And you'll see some morphing in there and you'll harken back to Terminator 2.

Yes, all morphing all the time.

All right, well tell you what, why don't we take a break.

When we come back, we have another guest we can get to. And we'll have more Paul Feig and another very interesting fellow coming up right after this on Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Paul Feig. The Heat, opening this Friday.

Feel it.

Cops.

Yes.

Lady Cops. Do you ever think of calling it Lady Cops?

Uh, no. The studio at one point was trying to push us on calling it The Bust, which I was like, oh, I get it because it's about boobs. But then I was like, well, it has to be The Busts because it's two ladies. So that was fortunately rejected.

No, it was...

Although The Heat...

Coming up with the title.

I guess The Heat, you could say that ladies are in Heat.

Well, my joke title was Prickly Heat. And then that kind of , the half of it stuck. And so it became The Heat, which I like.

I like The Heat.

I want you to kind of think about the movie Heat that came before, but then it's the funnier version.

Exactly. It sounds like an action movie.

Yeah.

You know what I mean? I like that. All right. Well, Paul Fe ig is here and we have another guest here. And I'm very excited to have this person on.

And I would doubt that you guys have met each other, but...

No, but I'm a big fan.

Oh, good. Well, I've not met him either. But he is the... I 'm not sure if he's the head of this organization, but he comes to us from Espida, which is a charitable organization for inner city youth. Please welcome Victor Ramos.

Thank you very much, Mr. Ockerman. Mr. Feig, very nice to see you also.

It's great to see you. It's a real honor.

The community outreach program is called Espida, which means to aspire.

Oh, to aspire. Oh, okay. Great.

And it's to help the youth of inner city accomplish their dreams and goals and stay grounded to the community.

Oh, okay. Great.

As well.

All right. Well, that sounds fantastic.

Well, you see why I'm such a fan of his.

Yeah. I mean, I'd never heard of the organization, but that sounds amazing. Where is it located?

Is it...

Well, right now I'm working out of the offices of John Marshall High School in Silver Lake.

Oh, okay.

And so right there, I'm also a second assistant principal at John Marshall High School.

Okay.

And we have a lot of great programs that we're trying to implement into the schools.

My first one is Gangs Without Guns, which is to preserve the self-esteem and the club membership of gangs, but no guns involved.

So you want to preserve the gangs and the rituals of the gangs and the community and the friendship and the brotherhood?

Yeah, because a lot of these kids coming up in these communities don't have a father figure or a decent mother figure. So they have no community at all . So in a gang, they find their manhood, lessons of life that they need to continue and further their development.

And I think that these programs that we're trying to set up down in Silver Lake, Echo Park, East LA...

Yeah, dangerous area, Silver Lake.

You know, it is very dangerous. If you park your car to go to Echo Plex or Echo, please have a friend walk with you.

Sure, sure.

Because a lot of women have been robbed and raped.

And yelled at.

And yelled terrible things.

Are you promoting a gunless version of a drive-by, like a friendly drive-by?

Absolutely. There's many examples of that. If you see a competitive gang member selling drugs, open the window and say, Hey, get out of here. I'm going to pour gasoline on you and set you and your friends on fire.

Whoa, hold on.

But you give them a warning.

Yeah.

Okay, okay. Hold on.

It doesn't have to be gasoline per se. It could be any kind of threat.

Any kind of flammable material.

But it's much safer than a semi-automatic weapon unloading on a bunch of kids.

Very true.

I guess I get where you're coming from in the sense of like , there'd be a lot of kind of stray bullets flying all over the place. But at the same time, I think maybe for me, I don't know if this is the same for you, Paul, but it seems like you shouldn't be kind of, you know, trying to get these guys to be violent at all. I mean, when I hear gangs without guns, I kind of see like, Hey, you know, instead we're going to go down to the clubhouse and we're going to play ping pong and stuff like that.

Absolutely, Mr. Ockerman. I mean, I wish that that could be the case. Unfortunately, gangs and drugs and prostitution are human necessities.

Prostitution?

Yes. And you'll see that the community nourishes these v ices. And so what I'm trying to do is let those vices continue, but bring the violence down.

So when you say prostitution, what is going on with your gangs without guns in regards to that issue?

Well, let me just say, we do not, I do not pretend to be the police. I cannot stop individuals from prostituting themselves for selling drugs. But what I can do is make all these situations safer.

Now, I also have a program, Rubbers for Mothers. Rubbers for Mothers is providing condoms and lubes and safe sex products to young teenage mothers.

Oh, that's very noble.

Because one kid is going to be hard enough for them. So at that point, let's stop having more babies.

Why are you providing the lube? I guess that's what I'm confused on. Like, can't they buy their own lube? I mean, from what I understand from the community is that after giving birth, a lot of ladies do not want to have sex. Oh, so it's a little harder for them to, yeah.

They're not in the mood. It's sort of a gift for the fathers.

Exactly.

So when, so I'm sorry to get back to this prostitution though. Like, are you, I guess my question is, is are you, are you kind of the head of this organization? Are you?

Am I ahead of a prostitution? No, no, no, no, no.

You're in charge of this gang though.

Yes. I mean, I used to be part of the Latin King nation, the mighty Latin King nation in Chicago.

I had to leave due to some differences with some of the leading members there.

Differences of opinion or?

I ended up blowing up a halfway house that I thought was a rival gang member's clubhouse.

And we ended up killing like nine bums. And it really hurt my heart.

It hurt your heart? Yeah.

It really hurt my heart that I had made such a mistake. I placed two pipe bombs.

But no guns, which was good. No guns at all. No.

Held up your theory.

That doesn't sound like a mistake. That doesn't sound like a boo-boo. I mean, you murdered nine people. Did you go to jail for this?

What I did? No. I manned up. I took responsibility and I left town.

And I came here to LA and I changed my life.

Changed your name as well?

Changed my name.

Fingerprints?

I did try to cut off my fingertips. Just the fingerprint part.

Just sanding them off?

Yes.

You were just kind of peeling away.

But after two, it hurt too much. So I said, forget it.

I noticed those enormous calluses on your fingertips.

Yeah. Right there. My pinky and then the little wetty one.

The little wetty one. Yeah. So you moved to LA. And how did you get a job as an assistant principal?

I started as a janitor and soon got involved with the teachers.

And they knew the work I was doing was important.

And at the beginning, I must say they were a little afraid.

But I think teachers and parents need help. And this is why I also want people listening to the show, Mr. Ockerman, to maybe volunteer and help their communities any way they can.

So volunteer for your organization or?

Yes. Definitely. I take volunteers. Right now we have another program called Legal Drugs First.

Legal Drugs First.

Legal Drugs First, which is I'm trying to get kids to get marijuana cards here in Los Angeles to get their drugs legal.

Oh, that's nice.

I see. So if you need to get high, then you should try the legal stuff until that won't get you high anymore. And then you move on .

To the other stuff.

And by then, hopefully, you know, other things will be legalized. Right now, there are a lot of crime due to the marijuana trade and to the crack cocaine trade. And I think that if we encourage the children to do legal drugs early, then this will get them on the right path.

Okay. So if they're going to take drugs, how early are you talking about?

Well, eighth grade, freshman year high school.

Just that sort of area right there.

There's a lot of pressures then. So that's probably when it would happen.

A lot of people are nerds and a lot of people are ugly and a lot of people are dumb.

And a little marijuana could take a lot of that edge off for students.

That is true.

And let them concentrate on what they have to do, which is their schoolwork.

I'm fascinated that I never knew that the janitorial was sort of the mail room of the educational system. You got to work your way up. That's great.

Was there a thing where, like, all of a sudden you just kind of like kept rising in the ranks because, like, did people get fired or did people...

Well, I'm not paid per se by the school.

Oh.

I am a volunteer. So you see that a lot of the bureaucr acies of going into a situation that is established, those go away when you say, hey, I'll do it for free.

Oh, okay.

Like an honorary assistant principal.

I guess that's a great tip to breaking into show business.

Like if I were to come to you, Paul, and say, hey, I'd love to be your second AD. I'll do it for free.

Yeah. You'd be kind of the honorary second AD.

Yeah, exactly. Okay. And that's sort of what you do.

Mr. Feig, I'd like to say I saw Bridesmaids.

Yes.

I bought it at a flea market downtown.

Oh.

A little Mexican flea market.

Nice.

And I have to say it's the best $5 I ever spent.

Perfect.

So fun. Maya Rudolph is so beautiful.

Oh, she's gorgeous.

Oh my God. I was about to pleasure myself.

I noticed something was going on.

And then that scene.

Yep.

That scene where she pooped. Oh my God. That's a funny movie. Thank you, Mr. Feig.

Thank you so much.

You said you were about to pleasure yourself, and then she pooped.

Exactly.

Oh, okay. You're not into that.

No way, man. No way, Jose.

That DVD you bought, did it have a Xerox cover or did it actually have the actual cover?

It was something someone printed up and stuck in a piece of plastic.

Excellent.

The mark of quality.

Perfect.

I hope I helped.

Was it kind of handheld and you could hear audiences laughing during it?

There were two black ladies with afros laughing in the foreground.

It's kind of like a mystery science theater type thing.

I don't know what that is, but I think so.

If you just pretend those afros are like bushes that are in the foreground, then you can still enjoy the movie.

Thank you. Thank you, Victor. I appreciate it.

Let's say I'm used to black people in the theater laughing too much.

Let's just say that and say no more.

So I find your organization really interesting.

So you work with these kids.

You try to get them not away from violence, but away from guns, certainly.

And then you try...

Baby steps.

Try to get them hooked on good drugs, legal drugs.

That's right.

And the prostitution, you know, it's going to happen.

So, you know, as long as you're in charge of it.

Are there consequences for other gangs getting involved in your territory at all?

Well, technically I'm not in a gang anymore.

I quit.

I left.

I'm a mummy now.

And that's a retired Latin King.

Oh, okay.

I still believe in the teachings of the Latin King nation and a lot of their beliefs and a lot of empowerment.

What do you mean?

Basically, a lot of the tenants, one of the tenants is to stop violence against each other and put that violence into other people.

Like paying it forward.

Like, you know, if someone's going to the Echoplex or the Echo Dam.

Sure. Dangerous places.

And they're a little high.

If they get hurt and they get jumped and then money taken, that's okay.

But if you go try to shoot another young Latino, it's a waste of time.

We're destroying ourselves.

Yeah.

So take it out on other races.

Is that what you're trying to say?

That's a good way to put it.

Okay.

That's not how I would put it, but it's a great way to put it.

To the point.

So how did, I mean, what was your family like growing up?

I mean, uh, how did you get involved in the Latin Kings and , you know, what, what was it like for you as a kid?

Well, my father passed away when I was nine.

I'm so sorry.

And thank you.

And my mother had 12 kids with four different fathers.

Oh my goodness.

So I had 11 half brothers that I had to deal with.

So your father was the only, you were the only child from your particular father.

Yes.

Okay.

So you had 11 half brothers.

Wow.

That's right.

All of them younger than me.

Whoa.

Okay.

So your, your dad was the first had you, then he's out.

Yes.

Okay.

And then she, and then your mom got re- And he, he passed away in a, in a terrible car accident.

Oh, car that he was trying to get rid of for insurance reasons, exploded and set him on fire.

He passed away.

It's a very sad way to go.

Yes.

And so I kind of had to become the patriarch, the family, the backbone of the family.

Yes.

And so I decided to join a gang.

Oh, okay.

That's one way to go about it.

To help raise funds and, you know, and to give me a place to get away from it all.

Sure.

You guys started a gang with all those half brothers though .

You should have kept it in the family.

Well, a lot of them have joined.

Oh, that's good.

And a lot of others have joined other gangs.

Oh, well that's nice.

That's nice because of a jumping off point.

The extended family, the roots of a family tree.

It makes Thanksgiving interesting.

So your family is the mailroom of the gang world.

Yeah.

So we work our way up through that.

Interesting.

That's a very good way to put it.

This is like an origins show.

I like this.

Yeah.

So in, in family get togethers, you were all wearing, I guess, different colors.

Is that still a thing?

Well, technically I'm aligned with the Bloods and some of my brothers are aligned with the Crips.

Mm.

Okay.

And we just did a thing that like, if you're at the table, you have to wear gray or black.

Sure.

If we're in front of the TV, watching the football, all bets are off.

You can wear like a red jumpsuit.

Oh, really?

Like an Eddie Murphy in raw red jumpsuit.

Must make for a very awkward Thanksgiving.

I would say.

Yeah.

We figure it out.

Have you have any of your, uh, uh, siblings ever come to blows or, or even are, are they all still a lot with us?

Oh, absolutely.

I had to take out my middle brother.

Take him out one time.

Yeah.

Meaning he's, he's deceased.

Meaning I got him, I got him drunk and then I gave him some pills, put them in the car and uh, I let the, uh, I let the car run into the car.

Wait, you let the car run into the car.

Really?

You let the car run into the car.

Is that a term that I don't know exactly what it means?

You know, when you put, when you let the muffler fumes go in the car.

Oh, okay.

Oh my.

Oh, I had to, I had to take him out.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

And it hurts my feelings.

Like I said, it hurts my heart to have to do something like that.

Yeah.

But he was, he was a crack addict and it was a very, he was leading a really sad life.

So we all got together and said, how do we help him?

And we all decided to put him to death.

Oh, you're like the Dr.

Kervorkian of the gang world.

It's nice.

Again, I don't know what that is, but I think I like it.

Wow.

Interesting.

Well, uh, tell you what, why don't we take another break and we, when we come back, I want to hear more about your organization.

I would love to hear, yes, to aspire, to aspire.

Yeah.

Okay.

It's very inspiring.

So, um, why don't we take a break and when we come back, we 'll have more Paul Feig, more Victor Ramos, more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

We have Paul Feig, director of the heat here with us, uh, and, uh, it comes out this Friday.

Go see it.

When would you say, go see it?

Wait till Sunday after the grosses have been reported or a big Friday.

Big Friday is what you like.

So I don't get calls from the agents going, it doesn't look good.

Oh, you did?

Hilarious.

No, I know.

It's hilarious.

Excellent.

Very good, Mr. Feig.

Thank you so much.

Did that have a Xerox cover too, right?

Absolutely.

Oh, very good.

Excellent.

I've noticed, Victor, you have a selective lisp.

Some, some, some S's you have trouble with, some you don't.

That's true, isn't it?

Interesting.

All right.

Well, uh, Victor is the head, you're the head of the organization?

I'm, I'm a head of a SPEDA, which means aspire, to aspire to greatness, aspire to, uh, individual greatness.

Right.

And it's certainly not like, uh, kind of the head of, of like a mafia type organization.

Absolutely not.

Do we have government funding?

We're, we're providing, uh, government funding.

We're providing school for kids, for kids of a low income.

And also what we do is we provide other programs like guns, not gangs, rubbers for mothers.

A new one that we're implementing now is called bully bust ers.

Bully busters.

I'm trying to guess what this could be.

I literally have no idea.

I'm a fan of getting rid of bullies.

Sure.

Yeah.

Of course.

I'm very interested in this.

Well, you're going to love this, Mr. Feig.

Yeah.

What we do is we accept, um, we accept the, the, the request of young kids to help them deal with bullying.

Okay.

Right now, internets, uh, you can't escape the bullions.

It's everywhere.

Cyberbullying, regular bullying.

Those are two kinds of bullying.

Yes.

And they're both terribly destructive.

Mm hmm.

Uh, what, so what we'll do is we'll find out who the bullies are and me and a few of my friends will, we'll get dressed up.

I wear a scream mask from the movie Scream.

From the movie Scream.

From the movie Scream 1, Scream 2, Scream 3, and Scream 4.

Oh.

The mask is featured in all of them prominently.

And then I wear that mask and my friends, uh, depending on what, what costume is hot at the time.

I mean, the last time we did it, it was a Angry Birds.

So my friends dressed up like Angry Birds.

I dressed up like the Scream creature.

Okay.

Sure.

And we'll break into a house and we'll find the bully and we'll put a shotgun in their mouth and say, the bully stops now.

Now, but there is a gun though.

It is now this is kind of going against.

It's a gun.

It's a thought off shotgun that is not loaded.

Oh, okay.

So that technically, I guess is what.

Absolutely.

We don't want any mistakes.

We just want to let these kids know that this is not the way to conduct yourself in a school or any kind of situation.

Cause bullies sometimes they'll graduate and become bullies in real life.

Oh, sure.

Yeah.

They're not just high school bullies.

A lot of times they take it to college and the workforce.

Once a bully, always a bully.

I like to say so this might be good for kind of nipping that in the bud, if you will.

Do they ever get confused about the costumes?

Do they ever say, Hey, why are you dressed as the Angry Birds?

Or why are you the Scream guy?

You know, they're very confused, very scared.

A lot of times parents will get up and they'll get very terrified.

But the parents will come in.

Really parents will have to know now the parents right now know, Hey, there's dudes breaking into my house, dress like Scream, dress like Angry Birds, putting a shotgun in my kid's face.

Sums up with this kid and I need to find out what's going on.

So a lot of times we, you know, we get the whole family involved.

Sure.

Yeah.

And that's Bully Busted.

You can go online at www.com, Bullybusters.com.

www.com, Bullybusters.com.

Okay.

We want to make sure we get that right because...

Yeah, it was a little technical snafu, but it's www.com, B ullybusters.com.

Great.

Now, if I were to get you like Sandra Bullock's wardrobe from The Heat, maybe you could go as one of the Heat characters.

Yeah.

I need all the promotion I can get.

I mean, if you want me to do that, I mean, I definitely could do that.

A scared bully can still buy a movie ticket.

So let's just not forget that.

Or maybe like what's hot right now, like a Psy, the Gangnam Style, maybe you could all dress up like him and...

It has to be something, you know, because we don't have a lot of money.

Mm-hmm.

Most of the funding we get go into the schools and safety, teaching kids about pregnancy.

So we go into like a...

How to get pregnant?

Is that what you...

Exactly.

We want to teach them how to get pregnant.

Oh, very nice.

Because a lot of these girls are becoming just straight up hoes.

Yeah.

And not even...

It's a better way to trap a man.

They don't even know what their junk...

How it works.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

So you want to show them exactly the process by which they will get pregnant with their...

Get pregnant, trap a young man, get him on the straight and narrow.

Yeah.

Have a family.

You know, like a mother's school, if you will.

Yeah.

A lot of times in LA also you can kind of like get a Laker, you know, like a professional athlete, you know, like is there some sort of course on how to hang around a locker room and, you know, get yourself a rich guy?

Well, definitely, you know, there's clubs you can go to and hang out with some of the sports stars and there are many in Los Angeles.

Yeah.

Oh, the Showtime Lakers.

Remember them?

Oh, yeah.

Was that your favorite Lakers era?

That really was.

That was a good time.

You got Magic Johnson.

You got Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.

Do I remember them?

Oh, Bill Worthy.

Sure.

Oh, who's the guy, the white dude with the glasses?

Oh, who was it?

Who was it?

Blanking on his neck.

He was a, everybody hated him for a while.

And then, oh, no, I think Bill, well, no, Bill Lanier.

No, I'm, I'm, I'm still not a sports fan.

Yeah.

No, I'm just treading water.

Paul is wearing a suit and a bow tie and he's struggling with a sports reference.

Trying so hard to be.

I feel like we may have gotten off track talking about the Showtime Lakers, but I'm game to talk about them for a while if you guys are.

Oh, yeah.

I'm, I'm right on board.

I love Magic Johnson.

Oh, sure.

Love Magic Johnson.

Kareem.

Sure.

Remember when Kareem fought, uh, Ruth Lee?

Ah, that I've seen.

Crazy.

I love it.

Shit.

Airplane, that's a comedy movie.

That's right.

He was in that.

Yeah.

There we go.

But okay.

So why were we talking about the Showtime Lakers?

Oh, yeah.

So these are just the bully busters.

You don't have a lot of money.

You were saying about size, Gangnam style.

You can't afford the tuxedo aspect of the costume.

Right.

So what we usually do is we go into like, uh, uh, Rite Aid right after Halloween and see what they got.

And, uh, you know, 60% off sale.

Yeah.

60% off and you have a wellness card.

And if you shoplift it, it's 100% off.

That's right.

What we, what, you know, I don't tell people that you should do this, but what I do is you buy like a pack of Ludens.

And that's like a dollar and 75.

Yeah.

Sure.

And while you're doing that, your buddies are back there stuffing a bunch of stuff in their shirts.

Yeah.

Right.

And that's usually how.

So it still costs you a little bit to get this stuff.

A little bit.

Small investment.

But that keeps everybody, that keeps security and everybody like looking at you.

And if you amortize that over five, six costumes, it's really, you're, you're, you're, you're ahead of the game.

Yeah.

You're getting your money's worth.

Yeah.

And you're still helping out the store because it's not like a straight loss.

No, exactly.

Yeah.

I mean, for what you pay for those costumes, you know what I mean?

At a wholesale.

All the market, please.

Yeah, please.

They have a coming basically.

Yeah, exactly.

That's how I liked it.

And that's how I feel about, you know, the way he watches movies is Hollywood has a coming.

Yeah, exactly.

You know what I mean?

It's too much money.

Too much money in here.

Like all these rich salaries for people.

You know what I mean?

Um, so anyway, back to your program Bully Busters, it sounds like, do you have any costumes coming up or are you waiting for this Halloween to, to kind of see what you're going to transform into next?

Yeah.

I just want to say the point isn't just to play dress up.

Oh, we are threatening people's lives to, to make their behavior correct.

Yeah, but that sounded like the most fun part of it.

I mean, it is fun.

I guess so.

I mean, a couple of years ago we all went in as Spongebob and cut a guy's hair.

Really?

Yeah.

Well, that would be hair on the top of his head.

He had long hair and he, uh, he, he was calling girls fat.

So we cut his hair.

Yeah.

And, uh, Did you donate that hair to some organization or?

Locks for love?

Or just make him eat it?

I don't, those are good, great ideas.

I should make them eat their hair.

Two totally separate ideas, but both of them great.

They come up fused together.

Right.

Depending how severe the, the, their bullying is, one, we could force them to eat their hair, the other one is to force them to donate their hair to a cancer.

Cause a lot of people get cancer poisons and their hairs all fall out.

That's true.

And that's terrible.

Where do you see the future of this organization?

Like what do you see if it becomes wildly successful?

Like I hope that it does.

And Paul, back me up on this.

I hope that this is a success for people.

Well, I've donated some money to it.

Have you really?

Yeah.

It's oddly tax deductible.

Is it?

Oh, yeah.

They're recognized by the government.

Thank you very much.

My pleasure.

We bought a van with that money.

Wow.

What do you use the van for?

May I ask?

To pick up, to pick up hose.

To pick up hose.

There's also like a whole rehabilitation situation we have.

But it, are you filming it?

That's my one question.

We are.

No, we document it.

You document.

So you're picking up hose on the street.

Is it kind of like a bang bus type situation?

Is that?

I don't know what that is, but what we do, I don't know what that is, but what we do is we bring hose into the van and we'll smoke a little weed , legal, and we'll bang them.

We'll shoot this on video.

And then when they're in a comfortable place, we'll start talking about like, is this the best way to be living your life?

Sure.

You know?

That's nice.

Maybe there's a camera's running at that point.

No.

You've turned it off.

That when they first turn on, I think, actually.

Right.

I was actually one of the fundraisers and you had an amazing silent auction.

Some of those items were fantastic.

I'd love to hear about it.

Yeah.

We had, we're lucky enough to get a Phyllis Diller painting .

Right.

Wait, a painting of Phyllis Diller?

A painting by Phyllis Diller.

Phyllis Diller was a magical artist.

You don't say.

I had no idea.

And what was the subject?

She bought them.

I didn't know she did them.

My goodness.

Yeah.

What was the subject?

You know?

It was just a lady.

She did a lot of ladies with funny hats.

Okay.

Did you ever paint you cutting people's hair off and may force them to eat it?

Man, I wish.

I wish.

You know, but Ms. Phyllis Diller passed away.

Ms. Phyllis Diller was a patron of our institution.

Oh.

Donating many, many items.

Wow.

Meaning?

I would have thought that.

Did she actually donate them or are you...

Did you acquire these by any other means or?

One of my friends was working on her yard and took a few things.

Okay.

And I'm not very proud of that, but I am proud of the things we were able to do with some of the money we raised.

Sure.

Oh, so you've sold some of these items.

Oh, absolutely.

Okay.

Interesting.

Well, yeah.

Where do you see the future of this organization?

I mean, if it were a huge success, what would you do?

Well, I would like to get accredited and open up a university.

Wow.

Right there in beautiful Silver Lake.

Silver Lake.

Yeah, of course.

And just, you know, people could take classes online.

On how to straighten out their lives, how to like get off drugs, how to get on drugs.

You'd rather they be online?

So it's like a virtual university.

We don't have to have a big building.

Oh, okay.

Keep the overhead low.

Mostly we just get the money, it goes into PayPal, and then the person gets education online or on their iPhones.

A lot of times people are doing everything on iPhones.

Sure.

It sounds to me like you're trying to put a spin on it, like it's a modern spin, people doing things on iPhones, when really you just don't want to pay for anything other than a website, you're trying to keep this money.

Unfortunately, that is absolutely right.

Oh, unfortunately.

Because if I had all the money in the world, I would certainly build universities, I would build rehab centers, I would build hospitals, but we don't have that right now.

But it doesn't take all the money in the world to do this.

People build hospitals every day.

Every day a new hospital is built.

That is true.

But not by me.

Not in Silver Lake.

That's right.

No one comes to me and says, hey, let's build a hospital with you.

Maybe now they will, though, now that you've heard this.

I hope so.

I'm definitely willing to take this to the next level and get our own building.

But for now, we have a PayPal account.

You sign into either one of these websites, www.com, bully buster.com.

Sure, yeah.

That'll take you.

That will link you into...

You have another one?

www.com.

Ramos University.

www.com, RamosUniversity.com.

Oh.

Okay.

Interesting.

That's right.

Wow.

www.com, RamosUniversity.com.

Not .biz, is it?

Well, there's a website.

It should be .org.

There's a .org at the end of it.

It should be .org.

I got to look at that.

I have your website right here.

It's actually www.com, RamosUniversity.com.biz.

.org.

.tv.

Can you say that again, please?

Oh, sure, yeah.

www.com, Victor Ramos University.com.

.biz.org.tv.

.tv, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

Exactly.

Thank you.

That's right.

Thank you.

Yeah, no problem.

It was a little wordy, a little hard to get to, but I think it's one of those bare recesses of the internet, but I think once you get there, you're going to be glad.

We put Victor Ramos Bully Busters into a Google search, too .

That's how I first found them, too.

Also, if you do get it incorrect, it'll definitely bring viruses into your computer.

Oh, that's good.

So please be careful when you type that into your search engine.

Why are there viruses attacking people searching for your ...

I don't know.

Do you have powerful enemies?

Potent strain.

What we started as, we started as a security situation, and then it turned out the guy, our tech guy, kind of messed up.

So now if you do any variation on Bully Busters that is not the right, or Victor Ramos University is not the right words, it'll burn up your computer.

In fact, you a spyware.

It'll burn up all your goods.

Yeah.

Wow.

I mean, who were you affiliated with, the Crips or the Bloods?

It was the Crips?

The Bloods.

You're affiliated with the Bloods.

I was a member of the Latin King Nation, and I have changed my ways.

Do the Crips have like an internet kind of wing where they 're out there, you know, kind of, you know, making spyware and trying to attack?

Is that, I mean, are the gangs getting into the internet now?

I mean, absolutely, Scott Aukerman.

I mean, everything is going into the computers.

Sure.

You know, and why would you think that the gangs wouldn't be doing that?

Sure.

Let's get them into the 21st century.

I mean, the Crips have some really funny wordplay apps.

Really?

And you think you're just doing Words with Friends.

It's a type of Words with Friends, but it's actually you're giving money to the Crips.

Friends with Crips, is that what I can...

Yeah.

Friends with Crips.

Or wait, Words with Friends.

Friends with Crips.

Words with Crips, what is that?

What is Friends with...

Friends with Crips is a totally separate app I heard about where you just make friends with Crips.

It's like a grinder for...

Yeah, it's like JDate almost.

Yeah, exactly.

For the gang community.

That's a very good possibility.

Our team is gonna try to poison their websites too.

Sure, yeah.

And a lot of it is like right now, computer warfare.

Yeah.

I can imagine it must be so hard being in a gang right now.

It's like, hey, look up from your phones.

We're trying to do a drive-by.

But then you have the digital drive-by and there goes all your email.

I tell you, I'd really be surprised.

There's guys, we're in a car going and we're doing a drive- by, a threatening drive-by.

Sure.

Not a real one.

And they'll be like, I'm gonna Instagram this.

I'm like, you fool.

You're leaving evidence behind.

Absolutely.

Not like the evidence you left behind of admitting to those 10 murders at this point, your brother and the nine homeless people.

I have left town though, so I don't think that that's an issue anymore.

Oh, that's good.

You manned up.

I did.

Well, strong borders in this town.

Well, this is a fascinating story.

I wish we could talk all day about it, but it is time for one of our favorite features here on the show.

It's time for a little something that we call Would You Rather.

Hmm.

Oh, all right.

It's time to play Would You Rather, and we all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at cbbwyr, comedy bang bang would you rather.

Do not send them to me.

Do not send them to comedy bang bang.

Send them to cbbwyr.

That way you have the best shot at not being thrown into the Would You Rather pile, which we all know is not a pile from which I take Would You Rather scenarios.

It's a pile of discarded Would You Rather scenarios.

I know it's confusing, but please just send them to cbbwyr.

I will then read the scenario out loud, and we will then open up the floor for questions.

You're free to ask any question you like about either scenario in order to help narrow down your choice.

There's a lot of information not contained in the actual question itself that I know, so be specific as possible in order to help narrow down your choice.

I will then close the floor for questions.

We will then vote.

I'll tally up the points, and we'll figure out who the winner is.

And I think it's that simple.

So here we go.

This comes to us from Adam Bokari, aka at Agitated Falcon.

Agitated Falcon asks, would you rather have a small device in your anus that fires a paintball into it when you fart or have all of your limbs broken once a year?

Would you rather have a small device in your anus that fires a paintball into it when you fart or have all of your limbs broken once a year?

I am now opening the floor for questions.

Any question you guys have.

Hmm.

Is it a standard paintball?

There's not any sort of irritant.

A standard.

Irritant in it.

Meaning in the actual paint itself?

Yes, exactly.

You are allergic to paint.

You're allergic to...

It's a latex-based paint.

No, that's fine.

I just want to make sure that there wasn't some sort of a cruel additive in it.

No, but you are allergic to it.

So every time it fires that...

Yes.

Oh, I got it.

Yeah, that is true.

Unfortunately, yeah.

So it is...

Oh, OK.

Yeah, so it does affect you.

You are actually sick for several days.

And that's right where you sit.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, just right about right there on the target.

You know what I mean?

I'd say.

Yeah.

So yeah, but there's nothing else like no poison or anything like that.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

Victor, you have a question?

Yeah.

Is it every single time you fart?

Every single time you fart, yeah.

Oh, man.

So and you are allergic and you'll get sick for a couple of days.

Not like an SBD even.

Wow, I fart a lot.

Really?

You don't say.

How often would you say?

About 50 times a day.

50 times a day.

That's a lot of paintballs.

I once heard Oprah...

Yeah.

I heard Oprah say 12 was the average.

Really?

I don't know why Oprah was talking about this.

On her diet.

Yes.

She probably wasn't counting Queen.

Victor, come on now.

I'm going to have to ask you.

It's not that kind of show.

I'm sorry.

It's really not that kind of show.

I'm going to have to ask you to rein it in.

Now, explain what was the limb option again?

Yes, your limbs are broken.

All of your limbs are broken once a year.

All of your...

This just says limbs, so I take that to meaning both arms, both legs.

Oh, my goodness.

Are both broken once a year.

Wow.

Under the... A doctor will be there to do it.

Yeah, it would be medically supervised.

It is a doctor, but it's a doctor of psychology.

Okay, that's still good.

It's still okay.

Like you're not going to have Tito Santana coming in with a hammer and start breaking your bones, because then I would say no.

It actually is Tito Santana who got his doctorate in psychology.

Oh, no.

So a misery type situation.

Yeah, he comes in and hobbles you.

Yeah, exactly.

But it's only once a year.

Each arm, each leg.

Can you spread out the breakings?

Oh, and kind of like over a calendar year, every quarter, get one of them done.

That would mean that you'd have one broken thing continuously the rest of your life.

You'd rather do that.

I will give you the option.

I will award you the option to spread it out over the year.

Yes, I will allow it.

What is the velocity of the paintball?

Will it simply bounce off my sphincter or will it go deep within?

It fires it in there.

It's not like a fastball necessarily.

It's kind of like a slow pitch softball, but it gets in there.

But it's like a bunker buster, if you will.

Yeah, exactly.

It's not like a bully buster, but it's a lot like a bunker buster.

Yeah, they're very similar.

Yeah.

Victor?

I think, well, that being the case, because I fart so much.

Please don't vote.

Don't vote early.

Oh, I got to keep asking questions.

Sure, yeah, I mean, there's so much more to talk about.

That's right.

Yeah, but where's your mind right now?

Where are you?

Well, I thought about the paintballs, but what if there's a machine inside your anus that shoots paintballs into your small intestine?

Yes, well, basically it's a machine that is located right on the doorway of your anus.

Does that make sense?

So it's pointed right at the right.

Well, will it make it cumbersome to sit down?

Yeah, yes, it's made of soft organic material that then shoots something right into your anus every time you fart.

Okay, physics-wise, is it able to be moved out of the way when one, you know, defecates?

Sure.

But sometimes a fart is involved in the defecation.

It's sort of like a vestigial tail.

You can kind of move it to the side, or like a skin tag.

It's like a really bad skin tag.

But then if a fart occurs while defecating, it will snap back into position.

Yes.

It runs the risk of shooting, you know, whatever's coming out of you back into you.

If any tiny bit of fecal matter comes out, that is considered a poop and not a fart.

Okay, but if there's air around the expulsion of said poop.

That's okay.

It will not fire.

Oh really?

So there is a bit of a loophole there.

So you could actually technically save them up.

See, Victor?

So that maybe that's, it might be our loophole there.

Yeah, yeah, if you save them up and just do it when poop is coming out, then you're in the clear.

Oh, I have to look at a map of my body and see exactly what 's going on in there.

Because if a ball goes up my anal hole, maybe it won't break.

And if it doesn't break, then I don't mind it.

You think you would just then poop it out?

I would just poop it out, yeah, like a gumball.

So, and you're going to consult a map to figure this out?

I'm going to go look at a medical book and see what is going on in there first to see.

Because if the paintball makes some kind of contact that's soft, I imagine it might not break, which is the best case scenario for me.

I actually have that information.

One out of 10 do not break and are lodged in there.

Oh my.

Yeah, but the other nine do break.

Do they come back out?

They come back out and they're reused.

Are they at least cleaned off?

No, unfortunately not.

So it's almost a little worse.

Now what if I kind of, you know, as a subterfuge, was like, oh, I think I have to go to the restroom and I would sit on the toilet, the fart would come out, but I was convinced that it was going to be in context with poop.

So it's just purely...

I'm trying to game the system.

It's purely a physical thing.

If it comes out with poop, then it's a pass.

If it does not, you know, there's no convincing your own body to do otherwise.

Can I put the machine in my dog's butt and confuse the machine?

I will allow it.

Yes.

You are able to have a medical procedure that it's put onto your dog's butt to confuse the machine for three months until it gets wise.

And then it basically detaches itself from the dog's butt and then crawls on the floor while you're sleeping and then reattaches itself to you.

So for three months you get a nice break from it.

Yeah.

And that's every year.

Every year.

That is every year.

Three months a year.

That is a nice pass.

Yeah.

During the summer.

Oh, well that's even better.

Yeah.

So summers are...

Because a lot of farting goes out in the summer.

Oh yeah.

That's when you really just let yourself go wild.

Lemonade and hot dogs and all that.

Of course.

Chili con carne.

Oh yes.

See?

Of course.

Refried beans from compadre.

Sure.

Of course.

Yeah.

Isn't that dangerous part of town?

Any other questions here about either of the scenarios?

Are you guys leaning one way or the other?

I'm definitely leaning one way.

You're leaning.

Me too.

Yeah.

That's right.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Not a lot about the limbs being broken.

Breaking of limbs seems pretty straight up.

Is it a full fracture?

Is it a compound fracture?

Or is it just like a kind of a cracking?

It really depends upon how hard they do it.

I mean it's not the same every single time.

Oh so it's like you just kind of spin the wheel.

You're taking your chances.

It's just however hard.

Who does it by the way?

What was that?

Tito Santana.

Oh.

The doctor Tito Santana.

It just depends.

It's chance.

Random chance.

How hard he does it.

Sometimes he misses.

You know?

Also there is a possibility of error.

Yeah.

There's a possibility of error.

Sometimes he misses and sometimes gets you on the side.

Could I somehow distract him so it would almost be like playing defense?

That's a fun game for you to play.

Yeah.

Sometimes you'll say, hey look over there.

And then it's swung on and missed.

I'd have a shot.

Yeah.

Definitely.

He gets one swing.

Really?

Yeah.

He either gets four swings a year and he takes them all at the top of the year or he takes them every three months per limb.

Oh my goodness.

Yes.

Victor.

Can I wear a snow suit to help the padding?

Yeah.

You can wear a full regulation snow suit.

But the bone half the break.

No.

He takes a shot at it.

He definitely takes a shot at it.

Oh.

Like one of those they train attack dogs.

You know the foam.

Sometimes a beekeeper suit.

You know you get really into beekeeping in that scenario.

Suit of armor?

Suit of armor.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Unfortunately in this scenario suits of armor are illegal.

This is a kind of a dystopian future.

Suits of armor.

If anyone sees someone in a suit of armor they fire their future laser at them.

Oh.

And they're incarcerated in future jail.

Moon jail.

Okay.

And then they melt the armor down to make money.

Yeah.

That's how all of our money is.

It's kind of based on the Canadian loonie and toonie.

There's a new kind of credits.

They call them credits.

Credit toonies.

Oh.

And they're all suits of armor that have been melted down.

Oh my goodness.

And fashioned into these coins.

But only so that is sort of that's the gold of the future is armor metal.

Exactly.

This is why you ask questions because there's a lot of fascinating detail.

I know this is actually very fascinating.

Victor it looks like you have something on your mind.

Yes.

Very.

I'm taking this so seriously.

Can you get can you be high or drunk for the for this session?

I think you can be higher drunk in either scenario if you need to self-medicate in order to make it easier on you certainly.

Yeah.

Because I think I'd like to do a bunch of crack on New Year 's Eve.

Drink a bunch of whiskey and then call Tito Centeno.

Okay.

I'm ready.

It's midnight.

Come over.

Get over here.

And then get it out of the way right away.

He's at your beck and call.

He's just sitting there waiting for it.

So yeah definitely.

So that's kind of his only job.

He has a beeper.

Yeah and usually takes him about 20 minutes to kind of call you back at the number.

Does he have a lot of other clients because perhaps if I got him at the end of his shift he would be.

He's sort of like Santa Claus.

He takes care of everyone in the world.

Yeah.

Okay but he doesn't get tired like if like I get him in the evening.

Does Santa Claus get tired?

Well I don't know does.

Maybe that's your next movie.

Yeah I just tired Santa Claus.

Yeah.

It's gonna be a hit.

No of course he doesn't get tired.

So you wake up like Christmas and instead of gifts you have four broken bones?

Or one.

I'm trying to spread it out.

Spread it out of course.

Every holiday.

Yeah sure.

Yeah you wake up on New Year's and then you wake up on Arbor Day I would imagine then the 4th of July and then back to school day.

I'm certainly leaning a certain way right now.

Oh yeah well good.

Well please don't vote yet though until I close the floor.

Let's see.

Yes we yeah three months a year of course we have the skin tag paintball shooter going in attaching to your dog.

I mean yeah.

Well now this is in a dystopian future we're saying.

That is in the in the limb world.

In the limb world.

Open to the fart world we're not.

No in the fart world this is just every day.

No this is the year of the bicentennial is when it starts the 1976.

Oh so we go back in time.

Go back in time and you get to relive your life and kind of redo all the mistakes that you made.

Bearing in mind you now have a new paintball shooter attached to your anus.

But yeah it's how whatever age you were at 1976 you get to now.

That makes it a little harder because I was counting on sort of eating very healthy foods so I could got a lesson that but if I'm going back then.

No well you you do grow you have your own organic garden.

Oh I do.

Yeah so you're able to eat you know and you have.

Nice I'm not just Chef Boyardee and it's just paintballs blasting all day.

You have a fish pond out back.

Oh.

As well so that's where you get most of your protein.

I like my life back in 1970.

Those are the two changes to your life.

Okay.

Is you now have an organic garden and a fish pond.

Am I lactose intolerant?

Are you lactose intolerant currently?

No no semi.

Semi okay so then you still are semi.

And the other change I guess would be this that you're allergic to latex paint as well.

So those are the three changes in your life everything else is exactly the same.

Okay okay okay.

Yeah another question perhaps.

Yes.

Oh my.

Let's see.

So it's four limbs it's all my limbs they're saying but what is.

I guess we're technically just finding it as arms and legs as we said.

Yeah I guess well how else would you.

It couldn't be like my private area.

Oh so you consider your private area to be a limb.

Some consider it that.

I see an appendage of sorts.

Exactly.

No he breaks your dick as well.

Oh he does really oh my god.

Yeah that's for that's a bonus.

I've heard that can happen.

That's on Christmas.

Oh is that your Christmas gift?

Yeah it's your Christmas gift is yeah.

So he could literally break my arms and my legs and my in my privates at the same time.

Yeah it's a lot I don't know if you heard about that a few months back the wrestler I believe who was having sex and broke.

Yeah it's a lot.

That's always every few years I mean there's word of somebody who breaks that.

Yeah exactly.

How does that happen because there's no technically no bone .

Technically no bone.

In this scenario would would mine have a bone that could be broken?

Yes by the way ladies a lot of ladies a lot of people get their scientific knowledge from this show ladies there is not an actual bone in the penis.

Right.

I'm sorry to disappoint you but but yeah there is a bone in this scenario yes where you all your limbs are broken there is a bone in your penis.

Oh my.

It's constantly erect because otherwise it couldn't deflate .

There's a bone in there.

Exactly okay.

And he breaks it on Christmas day.

Does that result in a compound fracture?

Yes it's it's just bone bone out of the bone bone is sticking out of the bone.

Exactly it just shatters yeah it's sticking out of the side of your penis yeah exactly.

My vote's starting to yeah.

Victor question any other questions now that you've heard all that?

You can't break your penis?

You can break your penis no you do he does break your penis on Christmas is what we're saying.

Okay and since there's no bone in it.

There is a bone have you not been listening?

There's an actual bone inside your penis.

He's been hacking into the bloods uh email account.

Okay you've been a little distracted.

That's right yeah.

All right any other questions before I close the floor here ?

I have I have so many questions it's just not enough time.

Not enough time I understand I am closing the floor unfortunately there's not enough time all right closing the floor the floor is closed there will be no more questions I'm so sorry.

All right we're gonna have to vote um Paul I go to you how do you like to vote do you like the small device um the sort of skin tag uh that's outside of your anus with the slow pitch softball paintball that you're allergic to that goes inside your anus one out of ten do not break and the only when you fart or do you go for the once a year or five times a year Dr Tito Santana of course comes over to your house once you beep him and attempts to break one of your and attempts to and you can yeah sometimes he misses sometimes you you figure out a way for to distract him to me what my vote is yes what is your vote sir oh well it's tempting to to bet on sort of the uh you know infallibility of Dr Tito Santana.

Yes I think I feel I could somehow control my diet in a way that I could um space out the farting right to occur with the uh because if you're if you're eating healthy you have this fish pond yes uh you have organic although sometimes the organic vegetables that you throw in your garden I do feel it's sort of like a like a trainer attached to me to keep me keep me healthy oh really you you're requesting a trainer no no I'm saying that that the the device oh acts as a trainer oh I see so should I eat this I don't know I don't want to be sick for a couple of days it's a lot like you know eating meat and stuff right now you know it's like you know it's if so I think I gotta go with the uh the paintball into the anus interesting interesting vote from an interesting player all right we turn now to Victor Ramos how do you like to vote I have considered many options sure out of the two yes I've thought long and hard and I think I would like to have Tito Santana break my bones once a year just once really well one time just one time I gave you the option of five times a year all of them you want them all all on new year's day that's right and why is this uh because then then I'll have time to recover you know I watch DVDs sure watch cartoons that's three four months you just kind of take it up and running by April catch up on a catch up on uh I haven't seen the wire sure downtown abbey haven't seen downtown abbey downtown abbey uh so yeah I would use that time to watch videos and what about your charity I mean you're gonna be out of commission I'd have to take a break but I would have my computer from your laptop that's right that's right yeah yeah I don't know I'm afraid that someone would come in and kind of steal your your territory if you're out of commish for I mean it's a scary thought I'm impressed that victor there's a lot of things victor doesn't know but he does know that it's downtown abbey yeah I find that very oh yeah I mean I find that fascinating that whole story sure all the working of a rich uh estate and all the yeah how many servants they have and have you ever broken scared a kid dressed up as maggie smith from downtown abbey the dowager countess that could be good that could be really good imagine that imagine that wake up with maggie smith looking over your bed with a shotgun you would that's scared straight that is you won't bully somebody next day after that no you'd be too confused some english old lady held the gun in my face she cut my hair and made me eat it and then made me donate the remains and then put me in white tie wow okay so that very interesting so you're going once a year all of get them all out of the way get them all out of the way wow all right well let me tell you the points here um paul you voted incorrectly i'm so sorry so but you asked some some great questions so uh you accumulated five points so you have five points thank you uh and then victor uh the breaking all the bones is the right answer unfortunately you chose to get them all done all at the same time that is incorrect yeah you're supposed to space it out because unfortunately someone comes in one of your brothers actually comes in and steals all your territory and uh they turn the dowager countess scenario upon yourself and stick the shotgun into your mouth and you are not long for this world so that is the technically the right answer but even more technically the wrong answer so i'm sorry you two points so two points is right yeah of course so at a score of five to two paul you are our winner congratulations thank you i would i would just like to take this moment to say i would like to magnanimously donate my five points to ramos university wow so ramos university is actually the winner a university has never won before the children are the winners oh my goodness that's of course how we play would you rather ah yes that's of course how we play would you rather and guys wow what that was a squeaker yeah but had a charitable end i know i had so many more questions i wanted to ask too bad we could not get to them paul i'm so sorry i know you were chomping at the bit i'll write them up okay please yeah we 'll get a we'll get a ruling based on your other questions okay yeah we'll play a virtual game online well perfect that'd be great yeah on the app on the uh yeah on the comedy bang bang would you rather app oh i gotta get that going it's not yeah come on man that's 99 cents that you don't have in your pocket right now i know yeah one person you i would buy it i'm there all right it's time for the only thing left to do here on the show and that is something we call plugs the time has come for so tell us what you got coming up you know i don't really give a fuck all right thank you very much that was ambulance plugs by slayer b beautiful beautiful kind of a sparkle horse feel to it yeah it sounds like a good closing uh credits song i might are you willing to commit to playing that over the closing credits of your next film i i will i will when we are in our editing session i will put it up and see if it works please do normally these people who uh send these plugs themes are famous for a week sometimes less than a week because i'm doing two shows sometimes this week one of them uh but that would be immortal fame yes as long as celluloid exists as long as the uh players that would decode the uh dvds and blu-rays will exist yeah you ever think about that sometimes you know like in the future like thousands of years in the future they won't know what these blu-rays are anymore films will just go away they'll be lost well well i i think it'll have a different delivery system and it'll all be there i don't think so no you're right it 's probably better off without them but wow slayer b you're going to be immortal for as long as these decoders of digital information exist so congratulations slayer that is that is quite a coup well done wow well done uh if you have a plug theme go ahead and send it over to earwolf.com under the comedy bang bang message boards and you can be famous for a week or for all time if we have a famous director in here who's willing to use it in your film play your cards all right guys what do we have to plug obviously paul the heat this friday heat this friday theaters nationwide nation what you're going across the nation nationwide you're not going to platform you're going to go nationwide now this must be just the continental 48 uh no i'm hoping that we slip into those other two going to alaska yes my goodness we are we oh yes yeah because you need to heat in alaska um that's that's nice poster it should the alaska-based posters yeah exactly yeah so the heat and uh if you had to sum up the reason to see this film in uh how many 55 words or less oh god i need less than that you need less okay i'll do it in in three words three words you will laugh you will laugh that is a promise yes it is a guaranteed promise you're guaranteeing i'm guaranteeing it what happens if someone doesn't laugh how do they get a hold of you uh they call you they call me oh okay great they come to our uh our houses our neighborhood out there and uh over by bob hopes well actually they get a hold of victor and uh show up in my room come over to ww dressed as the dowager countess yes w.com uh victor ramos dot university.com.biz.

org yes and that's where yeah okay great the heat and anything can you announce what's happening after the heat or do you not know exactly what uh i i many things in development one thing in particular but uh we'll see i don't want to see jinx all right just more more fun stuff will be coming more fun co entertainment big newly set up at fox uh at 20. i read about that thank you so more to come that is fantastic one of my favorite guests here thank you so much for being here uh victor what do you have to plug um i am gonna have a really cool event um i'm showing the film the heat at trubasco cantina oh two days before the actual opening oh no the cantina tr ubasco is at 12 28 west sunset in the lovely echo park oh and i'm only charging like five bucks a piece ahead you get uh two drinks five bucks a piece and a head so someone does not have a head they're getting a real deal they get free that is your guarantee that's right you know i'll be there i will come by oh if you could do a question and answer that'd be great i love it the kids would love it anybody who you've written a screenplay bring it if you have a head shot bring that yeah you love that i do please a lot of people call this q and a do they yeah that's interesting like sunny d yeah yeah so that's the only thing you have to plug really you know none of your other uh oh of course of course let me get back to it ww rubbers for mothers ww gang so wait just ww rubbers for mothers that's right if you enter that into your computer you have to enter the ww sure so it's no dot no third w no dot com just there is there is a regular first www oh i see www rubbers for mothers www.gangsnotguns www.gangsnotguns.com www legal drug depot www.gangsnotguns.
