He has a new album out, just dropped, my old buddy Brian Post-Sane from Mr. Show, he is with us the entire program, and plus, maybe one of the most famous guests we've ever had will be here.

All of that and more all on today's bonus!

♫ You can't spell comedy bang bang without the letters C-O-M- E-D-Y-B-A-N-G.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, thanks for that, Sime.

I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly, Sime, for that catch phrase submission, and welcome to the show!

This is a special b-b-b-b-bonus s-s-s-s-s-episode.

Thursday, special Thursday episode, and, oh my goodness, it is a scorcher out there in Los Angeles!

That's the weather report!

Tune in every episode for the weather report, the Comedy Bang Bang weather report, to see what the weather was like on the particular day that we taped a particular episode.

And we have a great episode, I'm Scott Aukerman, by the way , I'm the host of this show, and I mentioned it's Thursday, I mentioned it's a scorcher, and Hollywood Days.

So we got our bases covered on those aspects, and let me introduce our guest.

I've known him a long time, is that safe to say?

Yes.

True or false?

I know you.

Yes, true.

And how, let me think how long, you've been a Palomine?

Do you even want to really figure it out?

You've been a Palomine for 18 years.

Uh-huh.

Palomine!

You were a year old.

That's true.

It was weird, you had already gone to junior college, and you were hanging out at the comedy store, and I was like, that's inappropriate, there shouldn 't be a fucking one year old here.

And you sort of adopted me.

Yes.

He is a, well, I guess he's a comedian.

He's also an actor.

And a raconteur of sorts, he hosts a podcast on this very Earwolf network.

This one?

This one right here.

The one we're on?

Yeah, the one of which we are a part.

And he has a new record, and it may surprise you to learn, it's a comedy record, called The Fartest, which just came out on Tuesday.

Because by the title you don't know that it's comedy.

No, it could be a very serious, Songs About Farts.

Brian Posehn is here.

Hello Brian.

How are you, buddy?

I do have to say, I did not see the album cover for a while .

I just saw Brian Posehn, The Fartest, and I did not know what it was a parody of.

I just, you know, like staring at a word, you don't know exactly what it is, I was like, he's saying he's a guy who's farting a lot.

Is that a play on something?

And then it became very clear to me once I saw the album cover that it is a parody of the Academy Award winning movie, The Artist.

Yeah, well you know how my manager is an idiot like I am?

Dave Rath.

Yeah, we got together, and that's what this fucking brain trust came up with.

How long did it take you?

Literally one second?

Yes, something like that.

I had called myself- And the rest of the time's getting high?

In my act, I don't get high anymore.

In my act I was calling myself The Fartest.

You know, I'd say, I don't tell fart jokes, I tell fart stories.

I weave a fart tale, I'm a fartist.

And just messing around, and I said it when Rath and I were trying to figure out what to call it.

I was like, what if we just call it that?

And he goes, hey, what if we use that art?

I was like, you're an idiot.

And yes.

What if we use that fart as well?

Great story.

And it's- I miss you.

I used to hang out every day.

I used to be in your pool, in your backyard, soaking up the sun.

It was weird that you were just always there.

Yeah, just staring at you.

Nobody ever charged you rent.

Nope.

Soaking up rays, that's what I used to do back then.

And the movie Ray.

Right.

We used to play it all the time, I used to just soak it up.

Out by the pool, yeah.

Yeah.

Brian, tell me about this record.

What can people hear on it?

What can- do people- when they hear the name Brian Posehn, and they know it's synonymous with comedy, but what can they expect?

That's like the question that really terrible interviewers ask.

I don't know what you mean.

You word it in a different way.

That's always the one I hate.

How do people usually word it?

Well, no, they'll just go, if somebody comes to your show tonight, what should they expect?

Okay, tell me that then.

Stories and jokes.

Comedy?

Yeah, comedy stories and comedy jokes.

Interesting.

See, I was more getting at what are the track names on this record.

Oh.

Let me see if I can remember most of them.

That's a very specific question.

You seem ill-equipped to answer.

There's one called My Farts, and then there's another one called My Fart Meets Someone Famous.

I'm trying to remember more.

Does every track have the word- No, fart.

There's only two fart jokes.

But they last a long time.

Like my real farts.

Oh, boy.

It lingers.

I, first of all, I apologize to anyone due to the show.

I think it opens with a track called For My Wife.

For My Wife.

Yeah, yeah.

For My Wife.

Are we still dealing with that?

Yeah, of course.

It's 2013, buddy.

Do you ever talk about farts on this show much?

No, we do sometimes.

I believe maybe even last week, on Monday, we talked about them a lot with Paul Feig.

Oh, yeah?

Yeah, and a very interesting fellow.

So I feel like this week, though, we're all farted out.

Okay.

Well, we don't have to talk about them.

I'm moving on in my act.

This was like me getting it all out.

Getting it all out, yeah.

It's like when Jerry Seinfeld said, I'm going to just do every joke I used to do, I'm retiring them.

Are you never going to talk about farts again?

I'd like to not, because I feel like I've done it.

Are you maturing?

And I've had people get mad at me.

No, absolutely not.

But I've had sarcastic tweets.

Like I came and saw you in Palm Beach, and you did 45 minutes of fart jokes.

Thanks.

Wait, how do you know it's sarcastic if you say it like that?

Thanks for that.

Yeah, yeah.

You just say it like, thanks for that.

No, what else did she write?

She wrote hashtag disappointed.

Oh, okay.

Well, that's what I knew.

That's how I knew.

Disappointed wasn't longer.

Right.

See, you got to put a positive spin on these things.

You're out there entertaining America.

Why aren't you reading my Twitters to me or my tweets to me ?

I would love to do that.

Would you hire me to do that?

Yes.

Thank you.

You don't need a gig.

What do you...

You're out there traveling America a lot.

You're out there entertaining people.

You actually travel more than most LA comedians, I would say.

I'm out a lot.

Yeah, I'm going for that...

Platinum's not enough.

I want to be executive business platinum.

That's right.

Or whatever's the next...

The next level.

Yeah, yeah.

Is that how albums are counted these days?

No, no.

I'm talking my miles.

Yeah, I know.

Yeah, I'm out a ton.

Well, actually too much last year.

Too much.

Because you have a wife.

Yes.

Your wife.

My wife.

Yes.

You have a wife and you have...

Terrible.

Doing impressions of anything.

You have a beautiful baby boy.

What the fuck?

And when I say beautiful, I mean sexually attractive.

God damn you.

Yeah.

No, he's...

We like to say fuckable around the house.

No, don't say that.

Come on.

I don't appreciate those types of jokes on my podcast.

Let us strike that from the record.

But your baby, oh my God.

Oh my God.

It's...

And it's a white one, which are worth more as everyone knows.

You're not going to sell your baby though.

No.

I mean, these are jokes.

No, I know.

You know what I mean?

But it's like everything in my collection.

I'm not going to sell you my giant size X-Men either.

But you assess how much it's worth.

Yes.

I like to keep it nice and I keep my son in a plastic bag.

Mylar.

With a backing board.

He's got something to lay on and keep comfortable.

You and I love comic books.

Mm-hmm.

And actually I sort of re-got into comic books when we shared an office.

You and I were on a show.

Yes.

A television program, which have you ever noticed that you use your vision when you watch television?

Am I blowing your mind?

Wow.

Yeah.

So anyway, it's just something to chew on.

But we worked on a television show that people watched with their vision and called Mr. Show and we shared an office together.

And you played a lot of metal.

I played a lot of pop.

But we found a common ground in hip hop.

Yes.

Like a lot of people these days, you know?

No, no one.

It's the music of young people.

Yeah, but it's terrible now.

Hip hop is?

I don't know.

What don't you like about it?

Just the clubby shit.

I don't know.

You don't like being in a club and hearing a song about being in a club?

No, I don't.

I mean, that's metatextual if I've ever understood that word, which I'm not sure that I have.

But we shared an office and where was I going with this?

I don't know.

Oh yeah, comic books.

I had kind of gotten out of the game.

I was off the grid in regards to comic books.

And I think that happens to a lot of people in their 20s.

You hit 18 and you realize they're stupid.

Yeah, or it's like you have other shit to spend money on at a certain point, you know, when you're in college and that's what I think most people do.

Taking nice women out on expensive dates.

Yes.

Or buying macaroni and cheese and stuff to jack off into.

What?

Is that what you do in college?

What?

You just buy mac and cheese and socks?

I think you were using it the wrong way.

Yes, every college student buys mac and cheese.

You're supposed to eat it.

What the fuck?

But yeah, you get out of it for a while and then you would go, hey, I'm going to a comic store.

Is that how it sounded?

Yeah, it sounded dead.

And I came along with you and I thought, oh, it'd be nice to buy a Spider-Man clock.

I remember we didn't have a clock in our office and I was like, oh, this store probably has a Spider-Man clock.

They didn't have any clocks of any sort.

Did they bring you to Golden Apple or something?

Yeah, yeah, we went to Golden Apple.

They had no clocks.

I don't know what I was.

I just thought it would be.

That was like my fucking off time.

I feel like I did a lot of fucking off when I was allowed to in Mr. Show.

Like if we weren't sitting.

I think about Mr. Show sometimes ago, we did not work hard at all.

Yeah, when we were in the office all day, that's one thing.

When we were sitting around a table riffing, you had to work.

That's work.

But like when I think about just us hanging out.

You and I in our office.

The amount of material that me and the other writers do for my show, like it dwarfs what we did for Mr. Show.

It's crazy how little we did.

We did three sketches for four years.

Yeah, it's crazy.

And it's crazy that that show turned out as well as it did with the amount of work that we...

I think what happened with those, when you would write a sketch, you'd write it pretty quickly and then...

There'd be a lot of downtime.

Yeah, and then there'd just be a ton of downtime and then we'd rewrite it quickly or not use it.

Right.

But all those sketches would live for a while.

I mean, I feel like sketches got to live longer than any other show.

Like Bad Ideas got to live longer there than most shows.

Like when you pitch Bad Ideas at other shows, like, nope.

But my show is the same kind of thing where we are constantly rewriting.

Sometimes it's like eight, nine, 10 different drafts.

But those guys are like...

And when I say guys, that's just my colloquial way of saying men and women.

They work for women?

You hire women?

Yeah, of course.

Oh, wow.

And then there's in on our show women.

Oh, it's the 2000s.

Yes.

This is in the 90s, of which way...

I know you're confused because we were discussing the 90s.

But I do remember the comic store, we went to the Golden Apple just in the middle of the day, didn't tell anyone we were going.

Right.

And then we got back and I remember it was 7.45 at night and I was writing because I thought the job was like SNL where you like stayed there all night.

And this is my first job, writing job anywhere.

So I just thought you just stayed there all night and you just worked until you were done and you fucked around for a while, but then you just worked until you're done, no matter how long it took you.

And Bob came in to reprimand me for leaving to go to the comic store in the middle of the day and noticed I was working at 7.45 at night and he was like, hey buddy, what are you working on?

I was like, oh, I'm just staying late to get this thing done.

He was like, oh, okay, well, you shouldn't go to the comic store in the middle of the day.

But also you can go now.

But thanks for staying late.

He was like, I said, oh, I guess I'm confused.

I just assumed that we just kind of like, it was an all day thing.

He was like, oh no, I like to get home.

And our hours by the way, were crazy.

When you realize how late we got there.

Do you remember?

1130 is when we were supposed to get there and you would roll in at 1215 quite often.

It's crazy.

Right.

Like I would swim.

I would do several things before I went to work.

You have to work harder.

I'm not saying you, I'm saying to the listener at home, you have to work harder than we did.

It's insane.

Do you though?

Like when you look at those episodes.

They're really good, but we coast.

I look at some of the episodes and go, oh man, if we had just gotten in an hour earlier, we could have, but I don't know.

You make the best decisions you can.

Well, I just did a show last year where we were in, which I won't name, but we were doing 16 hours.

Wait, is it Voldemort?

We were doing 16 hours, God damn you, 16 hours a day.

And it's not good.

It's not good because if you work hard while you're there and you work smart, I guess is what they say, work smart not harder, then you should work less.

And that's what we try to do.

But we would sit in one room looking at each other all day for 16 hours.

We wouldn't even take a proper lunch.

Lunch would show up.

We'd order it all in the room and we'd eat.

You have no.

Would you stare at it?

I'm trying to assume that you ate it.

And depending on how depressed you were.

It's the process a lot.

The thing about Bob and David is they had a really good process for how the show went.

And for some reason we had a ton of time.

So we would get there at like 1130 and leave at three sometimes, four or five, but the show came out really well because of the process.

And those guys were super prolific and productive.

When Bob, I remember a couple of times where we would just have an idea.

He'd go, Hey, I just read a Hemingway book last night.

And we'd just write it right then.

Like Chip on the shoulder club came from, he and I riffing while you guys are all out of the room, you all came back and then you just said, Hey, we just got this stupid thing.

Let's write it.

You go, God damn it.

Yeah.

And then it was done an hour later.

Yeah.

So that's why there was all that jack off time.

Yeah, exactly.

Sometimes, sometimes you write a first draft and it comes out perfect.

And then a lot of times you have to do 10 drafts and you know, really figure it out.

Like, uh, yeah, we all, uh, what was the Everest of band?

Well, yeah, Everest, but then I'm the wicked Scepter.

Wicked Scepter took forever.

I mean, now we can Scepter for those of you who don't know Mr. Show as well as we do.

Wicked Scepter is the metal band who has a fan who is, uh, inspired by their song, try suicide.

He punted, that's Titanic.

Sorry.

That's Titanic.

So for people who don't know, look, what other, what other TV show?

I bet you a nerd actually had a heart attack just now.

Like screaming at his car.

I used to know those shows backwards and forwards.

I would know every episode and what sketch led into what, and I don't remember anything.

But as you were talking, this guy was like, what?

What other show does two sketches about metal groups though ?

When you really think about it.

Uh, no, Wicked Scepter was, uh, you and I had hands in writing that it was about the gay heavy metal group who didn't know that.

Uh, and that was based on an idea that David had.

Cross had while watching the Pam and Tommy Lee thing.

Cause it sounds, when you watch it now, if you were to not know the gender of either of them and just read a transcript, it was like two dudes.

They constantly are calling each other bro.

And it came from a story that you used to tell too.

We put in there, well, we want, can we see any part of it?

This is a lighthearted podcast, but I had a, I had a friend who knew a male prostitute and he, he had some funny ways of talking, which I thought was, was really funny.

So we put a lot of that, that kind of speak, suck the dude off at his car while his family was it's not that kind of show.

Um, anyway, but we went through draft after draft trying to figure, cause we knew there was something funny about it, but we wouldn't write draft after draft after draft trying to figure it out.

Anyway, that's what I mean.

Like those guys let that idea live.

Those guys went, yeah, there is something funny there.

And most places don't.

Exactly.

There's a lot of shop talk, but maybe some of you guys are interested in Mr. Show.

You have two guys who worked on, I don't know, it's a good show.

So maybe this was interesting for people.

I hope so.

But back to farts.

Um, no, we do have to take a break though.

Is that okay, Brian?

Mm hmm.

Is that okay with you?

Yeah.

I won't take it if you're not cool with it.

No, let's do it.

All right, let's take this break.

We'll have more Brian Posehn and, uh, uh, we'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back with Brian Posehn of, uh, by the way, you're the writer of Deadpool comics, co-writer with Jerry Duggan, our good friend and also on NerdPoker, which is your podcast, which is one of my favorite podcasts people should listen to.

It's you playing D and D with Jerry and some other people, but also I haven't told you, but great job on Deadpool.

I've been getting it every week.

Uh, uh, you, I wondered when you told me you got that job.

I was like, oh, uh, not, not, let's see how long that lasts , you know, because you'll fail at it.

But I was just like, kind of like, oh, that's interesting.

I wonder how long he would do it.

And I just, in my head assumed, oh, that's probably like a six episode or six issue thing, but you've been doing it, you've been doing it now for a long time.

Yeah.

We're already, um, we're plotting 21 and 22 right now.

You're like the real main writers of it.

A lot of times when people, when people from entertainment come and do write a comic book, it's like for a limited time because they fit it into their schedule.

Right.

They can, but you guys are just doing an extended run.

Yeah.

That was always the idea.

We wanted to be the guys for a while.

As long as, as long as they'll, uh, keep paying us for scripts.

Wade Wilson, what's he like?

He's nuts.

All right.

So, uh, it's been a blast.

Yeah.

Hey baby blue.

What about me over here?

Come on, baby.

See, wait, who is it?

Hey, it's more McCartney right over here.

Come on.

Paul McCartney.

I'm more McCartney, whatever.

You know, it's like, Hey, mole, mole, McCartney or mall.

McCartney mole mole.

Like, you know, go into the mall.

Come on.

No more.

McCart.

Why was, well, I was pulled Paul McCartney.

Wasn't I?

But then I changed my name to more McCartney.

So you're really into malls, man.

Oh, I guess you are.

Didn't I?

I was going to say you look exactly like Paul McCartney.

I was all the sudden Paul McCartney is next to us.

I didn't even see you walk in here.

Come on, man.

I'm a big Mr. Show fan.

Come on.

I loved all that pitter patter about Mr. Show.

You were listening to us.

How did we not notice?

How did we not see?

Well, I heard you down on the street.

There was a pipe with some sound coming out of it.

I had gone to get some money from the ATM.

Didn't I?

You piped the sound out?

Yeah, we piped the sound out on the street.

The kids were down there, man.

I said, what are the kids doing down there?

And they said, listen to the bang bang, man.

I was like, OK, man.

That's cool.

And then I came up.

What are you doing getting money from the ATM?

Doesn't just every door open for you?

Well, you know, when it comes to when it comes to.

When's the last time you had to spend money?

Oh, I got a lot of money to spend, don't you know?

You have a lot of money to spend.

And I love to spend it in American malls, don't you know?

I know I go to the ATM.

But when I go to the ATM, they never give me my money.

They only give me that funny paper after the money come on, you know?

I don't need that receipt.

I don't need that funny paper.

OK, so I need to slow down here one second.

You need to slow down.

But you don't need to speed up because you know the territory.

You know, I go to malls around LA, you know, all over the country.

And I go to the Glendale Galleria.

How did we get?

Oh, because of the name.

OK.

So you are Paul McCartney.

I'm Paul McCartney.

But now you like malls.

Now you like malls so much you changed your name?

But how did you make the leap from ATMs to malls?

Come on, baby.

How did you just go?

How did I make the leap from ATMs to malls?

Well, how does one make the?

Well, what's in the front of every mall?

An ATM there.

It's right there for the taking.

I guess.

Funny money, OK?

Or inside, probably, usually.

You know, money can't buy you love.

But it can buy you some snacks that help yourself or like a like-minded store.

Well, Paul, it's so great.

It's true about money.

He knows how it works.

You can call me Mall McCartney.

Do I have to, really?

You don't.

You know, I'm exploring a lot of malls out here in Southern California.

And I like the Glendale Galleria.

It's one of my favorite malls out here.

It's Americana at the Grove adjacent.

And it's pretty rare.

It's right across the street.

Yeah, it's right across the street.

Another great mall, outdoor mall.

That's an outdoor mall, yeah.

Outdoor mall.

They've got a great.

But you prefer the Galleria?

Yeah, yeah, man.

I like the Galleria, man.

It's pretty popping.

Pretty groovy?

It's pretty groovy.

It's pretty cool.

I like to go there and just shop and stuff.

And I'll get some stump wax for Heather Mills at Bath and Body Works.

Why are you still buying presents for her?

I don't know.

You know, I was still in love with her.

You know what my name, you know what my nickname for Heather Mills was?

What?

Hot dog on a stick.

Oh, god, OK.

Wait a second.

Paul or mall, I'd.

Yeah.

Because you really like hot dog on a stick.

I love it.

I love your American food.

Hot, hot dogs in my face, baby.

Come on, man.

OK, Paul or mall.

Paul or mall, come on, Scotty boy.

Occaman, cockaman, dickaman, stickaman.

Come on, let's just play nice, shall we?

All right, mall, you want me to call you mall?

Well, could you not?

I don't mind.

I'll call you mall.

Thanks, Bri-Bri.

What, should I call you Bri-Bri?

Bri-Bri or big guy?

Either or neither.

I got to come up with a nickname for people, baby.

What's my nickname?

Scotty Totty's.

Scotty Totty's and Brian.

That doesn't seem like you threw a lot of effort into that.

Mall, do you have any other malls that you like?

Oh, I like the, what's the one down here?

The Beverly Center.

You tell me.

Yeah, great one.

It's been there a long time.

That's on Beverly and what?

Los Eneger.

They've got a great KB Toys there.

Don't you know?

KB, you can drive my toys.

Wow.

You little girls and boys.

That sounds like a song you do.

KB, you can drive my toys.

KB, I love you.

Yeah, I do know.

Beep, beep.

Yeah.

Beep, beep, beep, beep toys.

A lot of toys are drivable from Matchbox cars all the way up to little bikes.

It's true.

I love that when you drive a bike.

So you know everything about even the stores in the mall.

Of course.

Every product they sell.

Of course I go to the Beverly Center.

I go to Pier 1 Imports, get some ebony and ivory.

They sell ivory there.

They sell ivory, illegal ivory from Africa, man.

And ebony.

I don't think that's supposed to.

You know what else has a problem with that?

K Jewelers with the blood diamonds, man.

And I want to say, K Jews, don't be a slave diamond.

You are pretty, but you harm people.

Congolese, I'm talking about.

Man, you know what I'm saying.

People are dying out there.

It's not cool.

Can't be summed up in some Leo movie.

Mall, can we ask you questions about The Beatles?

Oh, sure.

Yeah, anything about The Beatles.

Are you mad about that Leo movie from 10 years ago?

Yeah.

Well, I just didn't think it really had a grasp of the situation, Brian.

OK.

So what was it?

I mean, you were in The Beatles.

What was it like?

I mean.

Well, it was, you know, it was, I heard you guys talking about Mr. Show, you know.

And it was a pretty similar situation.

No one knows any creative collaboration.

There are certain, you know, kind of like it was me and John, you know, and that we were the bosses of everyone else because we wrote the songs.

And you know, basically, Ringo and George were our slaves.

Would you get mad if Ringo and George went to a comic store ?

Went to a comic store?

When they were supposed to be writing songs?

Not if they were buying some Deadpools, you know, written by Brian Post saying.

Sure.

Because I'm a big fan, you know.

OK, Mall.

All right.

No.

You know, I'm sorry.

You know, I just, I don't know.

I don't know.

So tell me about John Lennon.

John Lennon was a beautiful, you know, soul, very flawed, disgusting wife.

Yoko?

She was the Yoko of our band.

I don't know if you know.

She literally was.

She was.

That's her name.

She ended up being the Yoko of The Beatles.

Yeah, she broke up The Beatles.

That was her name, though, too, right?

Famously, yes.

Was Yoko.

That was her name.

Now, he was killed.

I don't know if you remember John.

Yeah, no, I remember.

So yeah, bringing him up is cool, you know.

It's fun.

But you know, he's not really done anything in a while.

You know, you seem like a guy that's pretty educated.

I mean, let's talk about me.

OK, Mall.

Unless you want, you know, John was cool.

You know, he was cool.

He would have said he would have been in here.

He would have been having a bopping time.

Do you think he would have liked American models as much as you do?

No, man, because he was like a real, you know, he had soul, man.

He was a revolutionary.

You know, I like the commerce side of things.

And you know, I just like to screed ditties and just come up with business plans and ways to sue people, man.

It's pretty cool.

That's my life.

That's my wife.

I love it.

My wife, you know?

I love it.

It's groovy.

You know, I do Austin Powers, too, baby.

You do an impression of Austin Powers?

I do.

Hey, baby.

That sounds exactly like it.

You should start doing it.

Yeah.

Do it for us.

Hey, baby.

I'm Austin Powers.

Come on, man.

Come over here.

What does he say again?

Do you fancy a shag?

I'm Austin Powers.

Come on, baby.

You know, I can do the, I can do it.

You know, Mike Myers is a good friend of mine.

Wait, Mike Myers from Austin Powers?

Of course, yeah, the actor.

No, the actor who plays the drums.

He comes over and plays the drums.

And I gave him a little drum lesson one time.

Oh, what'd you teach him?

I taught him a little helter-skelter.

Oh, yeah.

How's that drum track go again?

I think it goes, pa pa pa pa pa pa pa.

You know, it's very driving.

Yeah, driving beat.

Yeah, yeah.

You know, when I'm in a mall, I like to go to the Gap.

And I wrote a, uh.

Because I was going to ask you who drives you to the mall.

But you just went right to the mall.

Baby, you can drive me to the mall.

I'll go to American Eagle.

You know?

American Eagle?

You know, I wrote a little song about the Gap.

And it's kind of like reminded me, because we were talking about helter-skelter.

But I came up with an old version, you know?

It goes, when I gap to the bottom, I go gap to the top of the side.

And no one side's for girls.

And no one side is for guys.

And you go and buy clothes.

And then they'll see you again.

Baby Gap.

The only store in the mall that's a bastard, baby.

Can you explain why your original songs are way better than your parody songs?

Can you explain that?

My original songs were one idea.

And then you progress through your life.

As you know, you're talking about your past collaborations, Mr. Show, you know?

And now you're on to other things.

So this is what I'm on to after Post-Beatles, Post-Wings, you know, post-Paul McCartney, you know?

I'm doing tours as Paul McCartney now.

I'm actually a- Sure.

I just saw you at Bonnaroo.

Yeah.

Bonnaroo was fun, man.

Bonnaroo was a real hoodie doo, you know?

I fucked a bunch of, I think, girls that were- Whoa, you think girls?

Yeah, I think girls.

I think they were girls that were really androgynous, you know?

But really cool time.

How does Heather Mills feel about that?

At Bonnaroo.

Heather Mills is, you know, she doesn't want to deal with me.

She doesn't like me.

Even though you buy her stump wax?

I buy her stump wax at Birth and Body Works, maybe.

And then after the stump wax, you know, it still smells, you know, that stump.

The stump is still raw.

She never really closed it up.

The wax is not to get rid of the smell.

It's not to get rid of the smell.

She never had her stump closed up.

No, no.

I'm a billionaire, man.

I've got so much money.

I was like, come on, man.

Doesn't it close up by itself, or is she re-tearing it open every day?

Oh, she's re-tearing it open every day, trying to walk.

She forgets she doesn't have a leg, man.

It's a real problem.

Is she just eating her scab every day?

She is eating her scab.

I think we almost made you puke the last time you were here .

You know, I'm an American eagle for too long.

Yeah.

I really want to get back in the USSR.

This one's not so good, is it?

Oh, my god.

Come on, man.

Hey, baby, what's your fancy shack?

You're a really old man.

You should not be stretching like that.

No, I'm only 70-something.

Yeah, but I'm only 70-something.

When I saw you at Bonnaroo, you did your songs exactly like you used to do them.

Is this a recent change?

Well, that's what I make money for, but it's not my passion .

Yeah, I do my home studio.

I'm a bedroom Beethoven.

Roll over, Beethoven.

Like Skrillex, my friend Skrillex.

You're friends with Skrillex?

Sure, fellow bedroom Beethoven man.

Hey, man, I'm a cool.

I know all the DJs.

Tiesto, come on, man.

Steve Aoki, who's your favorite dance DJ?

Calvin Harris, maybe?

Oh, cool, man.

Yeah, he's a good friend.

Yeah, yeah.

So you probably know all of them.

I've partied in them.

So anyone I mention, you're going to say?

Anyone I've mentioned, I could say.

David Guetta.

Oh, Guetta's great.

Yeah, he plays super hop, right?

He's got this super hop vibe.

Anyway, guys.

My favorite DJs are Kevin and Bean.

I like Kevin.

Oh, man, yeah.

I'm going to be on their show in a couple of weeks.

Shout out to Kevin and Bean.

Sure, yeah.

They're the best DJs.

Yeah, they are.

Yeah, they really scratched those jokes.

I don't know, guys.

So you're just going to sing about malls from now on?

Well, you know, it's like I'm going to release a record.

But I need to figure out the right timing, baby.

Because I'm on tour with Paul McCartney, being Paul McCartney.

But my real passion, you know, you've got to nurture it.

And it's a garden, and you've got to water it.

Malls are really popular all year round.

Thank you.

Exactly.

Why are you so drawn to them?

I've always wanted to just make my music into a joke.

I don't value it, really.

And I just think it's bullshit.

So like, well, I was always, you know, John forced me.

You know, John forced me.

Well, I remember when you first wrote Scrambled Eggs.

Yes.

You were like, this is the greatest song ever written.

And John was like, try a little harder.

Yes, he said, try a little harder.

And then I said, how about Scrambled Legs, Hozery?

And that was my first kind of playing with products.

So you did a parody of a song that you never even did.

Instantly, right off the bat.

And John said, and then John made, John was so soulful and, you know, revolutionary that he would want, you know, he would just say, no, no.

We've got to make it about truth.

And I'd say, well, truth to power, why don't we call it Walmart sells?

So John has a writing credit on all of your.

This is before Walmart existed.

So you created Walmart?

No, I was good friends with the Walton family, Brian.

We were, you know, they were showbookers before they were mall owners.

Just look it up.

So John has a writing credit on all of your songs.

Is this?

We're taking care of that.

Yeah, we're taking care of that.

Is this because your songs were basically garbage and then he actually made you rewrite them into something good?

Well, someone had to write the songs down, baby, you know?

And that was me.

Like, I was really good at writing.

And John, you know, never learned to read or write.

So he would dictate.

He would speak, you know, the songs.

And I would dictate the dictation down.

And so you can't not give me credit, but thank God he died and got killed by John Patrick Chapman or whatever.

And Yoko still lives.

He got a couple, right?

John Patrick Shanley?

Shanley has the play.

Yeah, he wrote Moonstruck as well.

Yeah, so it still remains a mystery.

That's the guy who killed John Lennon.

Yeah, the guy who wrote Moonstruck.

It's crazy.

He won the Oscar.

So had that other ass, so we'll get credit for it.

He won the Oscar for it literally like four years later.

Yeah.

Shanley banked plays throughout the 70s so that he could, you know, in movies, so that he could kill John Lennon.

He's not able to profit off of John Lennon's death, but he was able to put out one of his banked plays and screenplays and win an Oscar.

Yeah, so he has that Oscar in his cell.

Oh, I send him a letter every day keeping him.

They're just sending the events of the day, you know, just like keep him informed about what I'm doing, you know, because I love, I was so great, but appreciative to him.

I actually went to a Hallmark store and bought him a store, and he wrote, I bought him a card, saw it, the Hallmark store.

You were happy when he killed John Lennon?

I was pretty happy, you know.

Because now you're the best people.

Because now you think I wrote all the songs, but really I was taking dictation from John and trying to make it more mall.

You were back even back then.

Yeah, that was my bag baby.

The concept of malls.

But malls, yeah, are relatively new.

More like 70s and 80s.

Oh, back in the 60s, in the nifty 60s, the nifty 60s, there were certainly malls everywhere.

Are you joking?

I thought the 50s were nifty.

The 50s were nifty, but the 60s were splifty, because that's when a little bit of the green herb that we all love so much.

Oh, okay.

In LA now, you know, go to a store.

You know what you're talking about.

You can practically buy into the store now.

You can.

No, you literally can.

You practically can anyway.

No, no, not practically.

I was writing a letter to John Patrick Shanley and I went to the Hallmark store to get him a card and then he sent me a letter back and said, you can't buy me love.

Good letter.

Yeah, well a short letter.

Do they still have Hallmark stores?

They still have Hallmark stores.

It's something that hasn't died.

It's a real bellwether, you know, of the economy.

Yeah, where's your favorite Hallmark store?

Oh, I'd say probably at Ross Park Mall in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Ah, that's a good one.

Ross Park.

Ross Park, yeah, real classic mall, you know, good floors.

Yeah, what's classic about it?

It just has good floors?

You know, there are floors everywhere.

Yeah, a lot of raw steel and, you know, really beautiful paint.

Some of those malls that don't have floors, it's like, come on guys.

Yeah, what's your deal, man?

Where are we supposed to walk?

Yeah.

Yeah, like in Marrakech.

Like, they don't have a floor, you know.

From store to store without no floor.

That's a little rhyme that came up with it.

Oh, that's a cool song.

See, that's what John would do and then I would write it down, man.

And then take credit for it.

Yeah, I know it's spelled it all right.

And you know, then I got that credit, which gave me so much money, I couldn't believe it.

And then everyone wanted to fuck me, don't you know?

Well, what an interesting story.

We have to take a little break if that's okay.

Do you mind us taking a break?

This is commerce, it's what you're interested in.

Oh no, let's take a break and like move some units.

Maybe we'll go to the Grove or something.

Yeah.

Oh yeah, let's hit the Grove and then we'll come back and jam.

All right, let's go to the Grove.

You guys will notice no time difference, but we're gonna take a break.

When we come back, we'll have gone to the Grove already and we'll have a bunch of shopping bags and purchases, I believe.

So we'll be right back, Comedy Bang Bang.

Happy to be here.

Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're, ooh, great shopping trip.

That was fun.

Oh man, yeah, really got some stuff.

What'd you get, Brian?

I just ate a hot dog.

On a stick?

No, they've got a regular hot dog story.

Oh, I ate a hot dog on a stick in memory of Heather Mills.

Oh, Texas.

I'm on a cast with this guy that, you know, knows your nickname and says hi.

It's cool, man.

On a cast?

I went to Brookstone and got a quad helicopter drone thing.

Wait, I don't know what that is, a quad helicopter.

You know Brookstone, the gadgetry?

Sure.

It's a real gadgetry tragedy, you know?

Yeah, I do know.

In Brookstone, yeah.

But what is a quad?

It's got four propellers, you know?

And what's a drone?

It fires drone missiles?

Well, it's got a camera, you know, and it's a really cool gadget, you know?

That does sound cool.

And they, you know, outside Brookstone, because it's all kind of like, you know, what's it called?

You know, gadgetry.

They have a guy in a shirt that says Brookstone, you know, playing with his toy.

And I said, hey, buddy.

You know, like, let me take a whirl on that quad thing.

And he said, it's called a drone.

You know, how things go at malls, you know, he'll help you out.

Yeah, you have a conversation about the product.

Yeah, I know how things go.

You talk about things.

No, I get it.

Yeah, man.

I'm a human being.

Yeah, so you've done it.

I understand this.

So you've done it.

It's a gift of speech and hearing.

Oh, cool, man.

Yeah, well, then you can hear the songs I wrote with my band, The Beatles.

Have you written any songs about Brookstone?

Brookstone?

Oh, I could make one up right now.

Yeah, I'd love to hear.

Brookstone, let me see.

Baby, you can drive my miniature shaver.

Oh, boy.

This isn't really my creative process.

I have parodied, and that's why I'm trying to think of another one.

Yeah, what about?

Oh.

You wrote a lot of songs.

Oh, how about?

Blackbird.

How about Brookstone going in that store right now?

Oh, Brookstone singing in the dead of night.

It's a gadgetry tragedy that you have so many useless products in your shelves.

I mean, think of the people who die making those little fucking beer sleeves and kind of like knife sharpeners.

People die making those?

Yeah, all over, man.

I've been to places where they just die every day.

Does it make you laugh?

Why aren't you helping?

Does it make me laugh?

It wouldn't make me laugh if you died.

What?

Well, it would be sad.

It would be sad, baby.

Oh, it would be sad.

If anyone dies, you're sad?

Oh, yeah.

So you're sad a lot.

You know, I'm a human being, man.

I'm more McCartney over here.

I'm not some robot.

OK.

That's true.

You're not like Bill Cosby Bukowski, who's like a concept.

No, no, man.

Well, you're an actual being.

No, no, no.

Bill Cosby Bukowski, I'm sorry.

He's a friend of mine.

He's a cool guy.

Oh, I'm sorry.

He actually had a message for you.

Hold on.

Let me get it.

Your friend was a fake guy?

Let me give Bill Cosby Bukowski.

No, he's a great guy.

I think he is.

I don't know what he is.

He wrote you this message.

He says, hey, Scott, I'm a real guy.

Fuck off.

Love, Bill Cosby Bukowski.

Oh, that's nice.

Ended with love.

I like that.

Hopefully.

But it started off kind of by a flow.

Yeah, the body of the message is not to my taste.

But I don't understand why it was wrinkled up.

When I find myself in Orange Julius, I like to have an orange J. Give me an Orange Julius.

That's OK.

You know, it's about $4.75 now.

Orange Julius is our largest small.

They used to be like $1.25.

I remember when they were $0.60, $0.90, and $1.20.

I love them.

And I still love them.

Do you still put eggs in that?

Real eggs?

I hope so.

Oh, I like the whipped up eggs, the raw eggs.

Yeah.

The roar of the eggs.

The crack of the bat, the roar of the eggs.

That's what I like about American baseball with eggs.

It's never happened.

You have been a proponent for a long time, I know, of substituting the baseball with eggs.

Oh, yeah.

Baseballs, cricket, cricket balls, everything, man.

Let's do it.

Fuck it.

You realize that any time it would be hit, or even caught in a mid, it would probably break.

But you just think, fuck it.

Oh, yeah, baby.

Fuck it.

It would be impossible to play.

It would ruin the game.

It would ruin every game, man.

Like football, think about football, American.

Think about fucking soccer, a little egg.

It wouldn't make sense.

And thus you'd have a dinosaur egg, and even then.

You just think, fuck it.

How many of those are there?

But if you're hollow out, well, I don't want to get too into detail about it.

But it would ruin it.

So you haven't thought it through, really.

Basically, it would ruin sport forever.

So you want to ruin sports forever.

I wouldn't mind, baby.

I like music and art.

I think art classes should be emphasized, and not really.

So your way of getting people to like art more is to ruin sports?

Well, you don't have to ruin sports, but you can discourage it by using eggs for the balls.

Or not.

I don't know.

This is how people, I talk myself into circles all the time.

I've invested in some of the craziest things you could ever possible.

I would love to hear one.

I'd love to hear.

You know, giant tomatoes, man.

Giant tomatoes.

Wait, those things that don't exist?

Well, no.

That's the thing, man.

They said, hey, when are we ever going to run out of tomato ?

Need for tomatoes.

I said, no, I'll invest in the tomato, giant tomatoes.

Turns out they were pinkish white, man.

They didn't have any nutrition or anything or any taste.

And so they were just kind of like, it was a waste of money , I'll tell you that.

And then I invested in a, you know, after Hurricane Katrina .

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Furniture that, when it senses water, right, it will inflate.

So your furniture's then, instead of being all wet, it's floating down the street.

Yeah, and instead of you being trapped in your house with a bunch of things that are going to run into you, you have an escape hatch.

Oh, yeah, and you could just ride your couch down the street.

So many knows that there are neighbors.

Why didn't that catch on?

That seemed like.

Oh, wait a minute, because that's impossible, too.

Yep, a billion dollars down the drain, believe it or not.

But you have so much money.

I know.

Just from Michael Jackson's estate.

Michael Jackson, of course, yeah.

I have a lot of fun with those.

How's he doing?

Oh, he's got a worm face.

He's got a real bad case of worm face.

What does that mean?

He's got worms in his face.

Oh, because he's dead.

Yeah, they're eating it up.

I didn't even know he was sick.

They're eating it up.

Oh, he's been sick for, very sick for a little bit.

So you think when someone dies, they have a case of worm face unless they're cremated?

Oh, no, we've got a real bad case of worm face.

We don't want to create a cremator Michael Jackson, because he's mostly plastic, you know.

Yeah, is it possible to get worm face?

It's terrible for the environment.

Yes, yeah.

And you really care about the environment.

Oh, you want to go.

I'm a vegetarian.

I've had my chef cook me vegetarian meals for 25 years, you know.

Is it possible to get worm face if you're not dead?

Well, I suppose you could, yeah, if you're just really lazy , you know.

Yeah, just sitting around, worms crawl.

Yeah, worms crawl in, worms crawl out.

Magical mystery toy, you know, things like that.

I don't know.

That was terrible.

So you're a terrible songwriter.

Well, I would say not a songwriter.

Not at all.

Yeah, you're just a transcriber.

Yeah.

And you sound like a terrible, just garbage human being.

Oh, I'm the worst, yeah, terrible guy.

Who just has so much money.

You know, I like to shop at American malls.

It's really great.

And anyone want to shout out any mall?

Any mall?

Or just an area?

From your home.

Where are you from, Brian?

The Bay Area.

Oh, cool.

What about the Westminster Mall down in Westminster, California?

Shout out to Westminster Mall, OK, from Scotty Todd.

What about the Irvine Spectrum?

Oh, by the Irvine Spectrum.

Cool, yeah, yeah.

Never been out to Irvine.

You're going to give a shout out to it?

Sunrise Mall in Sacramento.

Sunrise Mall, shout out to Sunrise Mall in Sacramento.

Good for you.

All right.

From BriBri.

How about Arden?

From BriBri.

I don't call him Brian because I want to be respectful.

Arden Fair.

Arden Fair, there you go, pal.

Northway Mall.

Yeah, sure.

How about?

Stockton, California.

I bought a bolo tie when I was 15 at a mall up there.

I don't know which one it was.

I went to prom.

You don't want to be that guy, do you?

You got one guy with a bolo, huh?

My prom was.

You went to prom?

I went with John Lennon, yeah.

Wait a minute.

Yeah, I went to prom with John Lennon.

This is before you were famous.

Never heard this.

Well, it was the start of our musical relationship, don't you know?

And we were kind of freaky-deaky, you know, like weirdos at the school, you know?

We were the outcasts.

Pete Best, you know, Ringo Starr.

Stu?

Ringo Starr, Stu, you know?

Stuckcliffe?

Stu Suckcliffe, who later became, you know, a big mall then, Prisario, you know?

Wait a minute.

No, he died.

We're back on Mars.

Yeah, I thought he died, too.

Oh, no, I forgot.

Yeah, he died.

Anyway.

Who did you have it mixed up with?

No.

Westfield?

Steve Wynn?

Steve Wynn, yes.

At Westfield?

Steve Wynn, my good friend.

Steve Wynn, yes.

And the Westfields really great.

Do you know the Westfields?

The Westfield, I know their malls.

I do know the actual family.

Well, most people do.

I don't roll in those kind of, yeah.

Yeah, well, you know, I'm more McCartney.

So they sort me out, you know?

There's a kind of people I roll with now.

But this is great.

Interesting stuff.

When you went to that prom with John Lennon, what was the first song that you wrote?

Because you said it was the start of your musical relationship.

Well, we started whispering songs into each other's ears on the dance floor doing slow dances .

And I said, baby, you can drive my car.

You know?

So that was the first one.

Yeah, and then he said, and then we wrote that.

And then we had a little one.

Did you let him drive your car?

I did, I sure did.

We had a little recorder, you know, a mini recorder.

A mini dance?

Yeah, a little spy recorder.

And we recorded all the songs right there at prom.

Wait, were you guys spies as well?

We sure were.

Wow!

Yeah, that's why we wrote Back in the USSR.

Because we missed it so, you know.

You're Russian spies.

We're Russian spies.

Have you seen Spies Like Us?

Yes, of course.

Have you heard my song, Spies Like Us?

Yeah.

Well, then, you know, I'm a spy.

This all makes sense.

I was about me and John.

It all makes sense.

Yeah, man.

And that's why you're so terrible.

Yeah, and we wanted Danny.

We were all hanging out back then, you know, Danny and Chevy.

And, you know, it was really great.

So we really wanted Spies Like Us.

And, you know, Spies Like Us, that song.

I think, what was it, Steve Winwood.

He dictated that one to me.

You know, you could probably make a parody of that about Toys R Us.

Toys R Us, down to town, Toys R Us when I go to a mall.

Even though Toys R Uses are usually separate from them.

No, sometimes they're connected.

Like Toys R Us Jr.

Sometimes, but I wouldn't include it in the song, would I?

Plus, Spies Like Us isn't necessarily your most popular song.

I don't know if people would recognize a parody of it.

You know how people love that movie.

I just felt because we were already talking about it.

Yeah, that's true.

The Criterion's coming out of Spies Like Us.

Oh, sure.

Criterion's coming out of Spies Like Us.

Wow.

We're hearing a lot of, like, exclusives here.

Well, I'm a spy.

Oh, you know, they call me the King of Spoilers, you know.

They call you that?

Well, some do.

Some don't.

I've heard you called a lot of things, the cute beetle.

Oh, sure, I'm the cute beetle, baby.

But the King of Spoilers?

The cute beetle was really my favorite, you know, because I think I'm cute, baby.

You like that better than the King of Spoilers.

The King of Spoilers is just about movies and TV, man, and they're not my bag.

I'm music, dude.

Come on.

Wait, but if they call you the King of Spoilers and you don't even watch any movies or TV?

Not typically, no.

Well, what's a Game of Thrones spoiler?

You know, the main guy dies, and that's a big wallop.

And then the second season, there's another wallop where the main guy dies again.

And the thing that they do that's not predictable is they do things that are crazy.

And that's why people, I think people enjoy that.

You are no good at spoilers.

Who calls you the King of Spoilers?

George R.R. token himself.

George R.R. Martin himself?

Sorry.

He's the J.R.R. token of our time.

Sorry I got them confused.

But yeah, he's a good friend.

He's a good friend.

He calls you the King of Spoilers.

Very casual.

He says, hey, oh no, it's the King of Spoilers.

I wish I was the King of Spoilers again.

Shut up about Mad Men already.

And I say, well, I don't watch TV.

What's a Mad Men spoiler?

A Mad Men spoiler?

Well, OK.

Don Draper is a rapist.

And what's her name?

Megan from the show?

Sure.

She dies.

OK.

In California.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah, that's a pretty cool spoiler.

You are the King of Spoilers because all that happened.

I'm the King of Spoilers.

I'm the King of, you know.

Pop.

Some call me the King of Pop.

Some call it Michael Jackson.

You know, we wrote a song together, baby.

Wait, which one, baby?

It was called The Girl is Mine.

And it was all based around, you know, The Girl is Mine.

And he was saying, the girl is mine.

What was he singing about when he was singing The Girl is Mine?

You know what he was singing about?

You're not going to believe this.

Hit me.

He was singing about Filene's Basement.

About what?

Filene's Basement, the department store, man.

What?

That is crazy.

So he, in his mind, was saying, Filene's Basement is mine.

Yes.

The fine is mine.

The Filene's is mine.

I don't even know that story.

The damn Filene's is mine.

It's a, you know, more an East Coast thing, baby.

Yeah, baby.

Yeah.

It's cool, though.

Bri-Bri and Scotty Toddy grew up on the West Coast.

Oh, yeah.

You guys are West Coast for life.

That's cool, man.

Do you ever go out to the East Coast, or do you hate it?

I've been there once.

Oh, really?

One time?

One time for one hour.

I flew over.

I just turned around and came right back.

Even New Yorkers fly over for Brian over here, you know.

Bri-Bri and Scotty Toddy do not like NYC.

Scotty Toddy?

What have you got against NYC Scotty Toddy?

I just, you know, I mean, it's like a different environment there.

The water is different, and the pizza is too good.

And I just don't like it.

Yeah, good pizza.

Yeah, it really ruins a town.

It really does.

Well, gosh, Paul, or Maul.

Maul.

You want to be Paul?

You know, call me Maul.

OK.

You said that so jovially.

Paul, call me Maul.

That's a good song.

Yeah, sure.

I mean, of your caliber.

Well, I need, you know, someone, some songwriter to read it out to me.

My goodness, this was a fascinating show.

What a fun time.

I never knew that I would meet Paul McCartney, let alone Maul McCartney, Brian.

Did you ever think you'd meet him?

And then he'd just walk into the building because he would hear it pumped down?

Or pipe outside the building.

Well, you know, what are the kids listening to outside?

Gathered round, and there's all these children of the, you know, sexual children.

Wait, how do you know they're sexual?

I heard you had a sexy child, by the way.

Is that true?

Is that why you came up here?

You heard about his child.

Sure, I sure did.

Scott wants to fuck my son.

And, you know, come on.

Scott's a dirty birdie.

Scotty Todd is a dirty birdie.

OK, I will tell you.

I mean, there are way worse friends of mine to fuck my son than Scott.

Yeah, I mean, he'd do OK by me.

Yeah, yeah, sure.

Come on, I'm a catch.

Well, guys, we have to wrap up the show.

We're out of time here.

Sure, baby.

Well, I won't cry, baby blue.

OK.

I don't know what that is.

Well, you know, because I had fun.

I wanted to do it, you know.

You had fun?

Is there any other things you wanted to say about malls before we go?

Oh, yeah, baby.

Yeah, OK, yeah, sure.

Did you write notes before this?

No, no, of course not.

And just, well, you know, stay.

I did, you know, when you want to, some good, the thing is, there's targets and malls, you know.

Oh, there are targets attached to malls, probably more so than Toys R Us.

I would say malls.

And, you know, in Target, they've got all sorts of food and clothes and everything.

Yeah, the Topeka Canyon Mall, which we spoke about off air.

We spoke about off air.

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah.

That mall has a target attached to it.

That's right, the Topeka Canyon Mall.

I was saying, is that a hippie commune type mall?

You know.

But anyway.

They have a Tesla store there, so it can't be too hippie- ish.

Not the band, the car.

Oh, I drive a Tesla, man.

What?

Well, I like the band.

Do you have one?

And then I've got the car, because I thought it was kind of like the band.

I turn on the radio and I hear, you know, Little John or something.

It's not Tesla at all, baby.

Do you have one of every car?

I have one of every car, like my man Jay Leno.

We hang out all the time.

Oh, he's great.

Do you have cars of other 80s rock bands?

Do you have the Skid Row?

I have the Skid Row.

Yeah, I've got the Skid Row Scooter.

And I've got the uh.

Do you have the Scorpion?

Dokken makes some good cars.

Yeah, I've got the Dokken Datsun.

And I've got the, you know.

I do though.

Yeah, I know it all.

We know.

Go no further.

Yeah, but go no further than the warrant, Winnebago.

OK, baby.

All right, well, I'll tell you what.

We only have one last feature, baby, on the show.

And that is something called Plugs.

Plugs, Plugs, Plugs, Plugs, Plugs, Plugs, Plugs, Plugs, Plugs.

Hey, nice and short.

Love it.

Short and sweet.

That is Plugs by John D. Ivey.

That was really nice.

Thanks, John D. Ivey.

If you have a Plugs theme, send it to us, and we'll play it .

And let's open up the Plug Bag.

Brian, what do you have?

I know we have, of course, The Fartest.

The Fartest is out on DVD and CD.

Just came out Tuesday, right?

Yeah.

Where can people get this?

Sure.

Shh.

Everywhere.

I recommend record stores.

But people, you can also get them online.

I saw it on iTunes and everywhere.

It's doing well on iTunes.

People are purchasing it.

And this is the last record you're ever going to do, or are you going to make more?

No.

This is the last one called The Fartest.

Yeah.

Really?

The next one won't be called that.

OK.

All right.

That's one way to keep.

I promise you.

One way to keep your records organized is not to call them all the same thing, like Peter Gabriel did.

Right.

Yeah, man.

And then Deadpool and standupbrianpossain.com.

Nerd Poker.

Yes.

Comes out every Wednesday, right?

New episode just came out yesterday.

And what's going on with all the gang?

It's been crazy lately.

The game is a lot of fun.

It's a really funny podcast.

And we never know where it's going, obviously.

And it's just been nuts.

You guys basically play a D&D game that everyone gets to listen to of the Dungeon Master's creation.

Yes.

And you guys never know what's going to happen.

And it goes off in really weird, wild directions.

And he obviously never knows.

So he'll come up with a plan.

And then we'll fuck it up.

Yeah, we will do crazy things.

But it's really funny.

And Blaine and Jerry and Sarah and Ken, you're all really funny.

And of course, Sark is the DM, as we call it.

And that's on earwolf.com.

People can get that, or in iTunes.

And let's see, what do I want to plug?

I have something special coming to the internet tomorrow.

Look out for it.

Check my Twitter about it.

You're going to enjoy it, I think.

And of course, Comedy Bang Bang TV show starts July 12.

Check that out, IFC.

And I'm going to be out in San Diego for Comic-Con July 17.

I'll be doing a date at the House of Blues.

You going to be there at Comic-Con, Brian?

Yeah.

Which night are you doing at the House of Blues?

Wednesday.

Where are you out there yet or no?

I think I get there that night, yeah.

Maybe you can come by.

Yeah, July 17, House of Blues.

Tickets available now.

Doing a special live Comedy Bang Bang with special guests.

Please come out and see me.

Do not see Doug Love's movies.

Whatever you do.

He's doing a show at the exact same time, trying to steal my audience.

I don't like it.

Don't go see that show.

We're all out there.

Patton's doing a show that weekend.

Oh, when's the show?

I'm at the American Comedy Company Friday and Saturday.

Oh, great.

OK, when's Patton's show?

Saturday night.

Saturday night, cool.

All right, well come see me.

Don't see Doug Love's movies.

And yeah.

And that's all for my plugs.

Maul, you must have a million things to plug.

OK, baby, we'll listen to the rifle cast, don't you know?

Go on eowolf.com right there on the website, OK?

And you know I'm John Daly, baby.

Don't you know I'm John Daly?

Hey, what's up, guys?

Wait, what?

I'm John Daly.

Boo!

Yeah!

What the fuck?

Wait a minute.

Yeah!

I was wondering why you looked nothing like Paul McCartney and everything like John Daly.

Well, I look a little bit like John Daly, let's face it.

I mean, I look a little bit like, I mean, John Daly, me, looks a little bit like Paul McCartney, I think.

Well, you got us.

A little bit.

Quite frankly, you got us.

We've been had by the best.

I know.

Thank you so much for not getting it until now.

I don't know why I'm thanking you for it.

Hey, I'll take it.

But hey, yeah, listen to the rifle cast.

And I want to plug hashtag 230PST.

I want to plug.

And watch The Corral Show, please.

It's coming out, season two is coming out in January.

January, and you're one of the head writers.

Also, I'm on Comedy Bang Bang coming up, episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

And I'm on an episode of Key and Peele coming up.

We're on the sixth episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, awesome.

Yeah, so watch out for that.

Numero six.

And let's.

And watch out for Mo McCartney at some point.

Yeah, maybe a future episode of this show.

Maybe not.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

I'd bring him back.

I'd bring me back.

I'd bring it back.

I thought it was pretty good.

I like it.

When are the Peppermen coming back?

Let's talk to Zach, man.

You got to schedule us at the same time.

Pepperman podcast.

Yeah, we got to get that going.

Yeah, well.

You've been slacking on it.

Well, I've been slacking on it.

To be honest.

Yeah, I have been slacking.

The pilot episode was great.

It was great.

People loved it.

People responded.

People made shirts for it.

Yeah, and here we are.

Here we are.

Where is it?

It's still June.

Listen, Zach.

Listen.

It may be more him than you, right?

Listen.

Yeah, yeah.

You know, I am.

I send too many emails.

No, no, I think.

Well, we'll Pepper.

We'll Pepper.

I put on his hat like you can't wait to get out of here.

Oh, shit.

He put it on top of his earphones.

He looks very, very good and funny.

Well, guys, thanks so much, Brian.

Good luck with the record and all of your other pursuits.

And I'll see you at Comic-Con.

John, good luck.

Thanks, baby.

Everything.

And that's it for me.

And we'll be back on Monday with a very special show.

And that is it.

Thanks a lot.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio, boom.com.

Ooh, ooh, ooh.

Eeee.

The wolf dead.
