---
layout: page
title: 228. John Hodgman, Paul F. Tompkins [20027⧸21114].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Author, actor, comedian, Recontour! John Hodgman makes his first appearance on the show. We will have a one-on-one interview.

Actor's pain, we're gonna get into it. No one will interrupt us. All of that and more, all on today's...

♫♫♫ They don't call me the bebop jalopy for nothing. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Yep, these catchphrases get better and better!

Welcome to the show, they don't call me the bebop jalopy for nothing. Thanks, Dan Warfield.

Dan Warfield submitted that catchphrase. If you have one, you know what to do and you know where to do it, as far as I'm concerned.

And if you don't, then I'm okay with not getting your catch phrase submission.

You know, if you don't know where to put it, like that's step one, okay?

So if you don't know that, I mean frankly, I don't give a darn tootin' about your catchphrase if you don't know...

God, I'm getting all worked up already.

It's Monday, July 1st, and look, before I introduce my guest...

First of all, I'm Scott Aukerman.

Before we get to that, this is a pre-plug, okay?

I usually save the plugs for the end, but this is too gosh darn important.

I have to let you know about this, okay?

You guys know that over the past several months, since October, I've been working on the second season of the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

And we just finished up about a month ago, and it's about to premiere on July 12th, in just 11 days from now.

And yet, all of that is true.

Okay, if you accept what I'm saying as true, then what you 're probably saying right now is, well, you're probably clearing your throat into a microphone.

Yes, sir, you obviously wish to be recognized.

You're probably saying to yourself, yes, you're muttering incoherently.

You're probably saying, how am I watching an episode right now?

How is that possible?

How could this even be possible? Well, I'll tell you how it 's possible, because you either downloaded it for free on iTunes, or you're watching it at IFC.com in the Stream Room , or on Hulu or YouTube.

Because we are doing that with episode 8. You can see episode 8 right now.

Permission to clear my throat in delight.

Mmm, permission granted.

Oh, that was a delightful throat clear.

So this is the Sarah Silverman episode. Joe LoTrulio is also on this one, and Adam Devine from Pitch Perfect and Workaholics.

This is a really funny episode. Go watch it on any of those things. I just wanted to get that out before the plugs, because, you know, I mean, I know that you guys are skipping to the plugs right now, and then you're rewinding back, because they're so important.

But just in case you weren't, I wanted to hit it right at the top of the show.

All right. All of that is taken care of, and let me get to our first guest right now, and let me just say I'm delighted to have him on, because A. Never been on this show before.

Ahem.

B. I've never even met him.

Ahem.

And I just met him for the first time about an hour ago. We did a pre-interview, and...

That is accurate.

Figured out exactly what we're going to talk about, and you know his work as an author. Is that safe to say that... Do you consider yourself to be an author?

Safety first, yes.

Great, great.

That is my baseline.

That's... Is that your main job?

That is my bread and margarine.

I don't have a main job anymore.

You know, you just... Your fingers in so many different pies.

It's starting to sound gross.

It started to sound gross with main job, and then it moved on to fingers.

What do you find gross about it? Do you find the thought of sticking your finger in food gross, or do you find the sort of sexual euphemism of fingers in pies?

I'm still trying to figure out what a main job is. Do you know what I mean? I think it has something to do with the state of Maine.

Have you ever drained your Maine vein?

In Maine?

In Maine. I wonder if when people in Maine take a leak, do they say, I'm going to go drain my Maine vein?

Quietly to themselves. In a flinty New England accent.

And then they talk about Stephen King, though.

Yes, exactly so.

Do you live in Maine?

I do not live in Maine.

Oh, right. We're going to get all the tough questions out here.

What is your address, specifically?

You know, you don't just have to read questions off the sheet my publicist gave you.

I'm willing to answer other questions beyond, do you live in Maine, and what is your street address?

Well, that's all I have.

I want to go over those things. Obviously, I'm very proud of those things.

About not living in Maine. You're very proud.

No, it's definitely something I want to talk about, but there's more to me, John Hodgman. First of all, is my name.

Well, I mean, I hadn't said it yet. And don't think I forgot, because I was getting to it.

No, no, I'm glad to remind you of it.

But you are John Hodgman. You're an actor, an author.

There's more to me than just not living in Maine and my street address. Do you know what I mean?

I mean, I guess so.

Well, all right.

That's a big chunk of it, though.

You're right. That's how most people know me. You're right.

As the guy who doesn't live in Maine.

Yep. It's on the street. They're always like, hey, not Maine guy. What's going on?

And you don't even live on a Maine street. Is that true?

No, I live on a side street. That's correct.

Great.

I live on a street.

In a cul-de-sac?

No, it does connect to other streets.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Well, we'll find out exactly where.

It's like an Isthmus street, not a peninsula street.

Merry Isthmus, by the way.

Thank you so much.

I meant to tell you that.

Thank you so much.

It's the holidays.

I didn't grow up celebrating Isthmus, but now that I have kids, I feel like it's a shame to keep it from them.

Yeah, exactly.

Well, welcome to the show. People obviously know your writing, your comedy. And I do want to talk about your special.

You have a comedy special.

I do.

Which is called Hodgman-Ragnarok.

John Hodgman colon Ragnarok.

Oh, I thought it was just Hodgman colon Ragnarok.

No, I like to put my whole name in there to differentiate myself from my hodgeman.

So you don't have a middle name.

Interesting.

I do have a middle name.

Well, then you're a liar.

That's true.

Which is true.

You're absolutely right. I apologize. I should have named it John Not-From-Mane-Hodgeman colon Ragnarok.

Now that's interesting that not from Maine is your middle name.

Not from Maine is my middle name.

You know me, Scott. Not from Maine is my middle name.

Of course.

Literally.

John Hodgman-Ragnarok. Now Ragnarok, of course, is the Norse mythology when the end of the world for the Norse gods.

The gods fight and crush us beneath their mighty heels as they fight themselves to death and cleanse the earth.

Who wins in a scenario like that in your opinion?

Zero gods or humans win.

That's what I think too.

The earth is cleansed. It is total destruction.

Why, you know, it's like why do it?

In Norse mythology.

Sure.

Right.

It's akin to the apocalypse, I guess.

It's like the Norse book of Revelation.

Right.

It's their version of it.

What would be analogous in Greek mythology?

It's like there's an ugly Betty for every country in the world.

There we go.

So Ragnarok is Revelation for the Scandinavian countries.

Now why call your special this?

Well, I became preoccupied in 2012 with the end of the world.

Because of that one dude who said it was going to be the end of the world and you believed him?

Yeah, Dan ancient Mayan. One guy.

No, there was another dude.

There are lots of dudes. Harold Camping predicted the end of the world.

Yes, that's what I'm talking about.

He predicted the world of the centuries.

Which as far as I'm concerned, his name is a verb and we shouldn't trust him.

That's true.

You know?

Any verb names, no.

It doesn't make any sense.

It's like stick to nouns or made up combinations of conson ants and letters, but then to name yourself.

Well technically it's a gerund. Technically.

Oh, okay. I guess you're right.

Yeah, but it's still right.

Gerund would be a great name for a son or a daughter.

What if you called your son or daughter gerund camping?

Gerund colon camping.

Gerund colon not from main camping.

Yeah, exactly.

So this is the first episode of my podcast.

But why? And the question remains and I know I asked it a few seconds ago and I'm going to reiterate it.

Why call your special this?

Ragnarok is the ancient Norse end time myth.

I also borrowed it in my first book, The Areas of My Expert ise, to describe the end of the world in my own alternate universe that I had created in those books of fake facts and false history.

Okay.

So you appropriated the Norse?

Because it was funny sounding.

It's a great name.

And in 2012 I became obsessed with various end time theories that were, and doomsday prepping, that was circulating in the, what do you call it?

The ether? The zeitgeist?

The zeitgeist. The worldgeist.

Sure.

The world spirit.

And I was also confronting my own mortality.

Oh really?

I decided that...

Why were you confronting your own mortality?

I'm growing older.

Oh.

I grew older in the past couple of years.

You've done it every year?

It turns out I've been doing it all this time and I didn't realize it.

My goodness.

I literally thought that I was still 25 years old.

Was there something that happened to you in your life where you said, oh my gosh, that has changed for me, I am now older?

Yes. In fact there is. It's a funny story.

Oh okay. Well I mean, I wish we had the time.

It was in Maine, a state that I'm not from.

Okay.

I went to Yale University, which is an accredited four-year college in southern Connecticut.

Sounds fancy, but go on.

And my friend Jonathan Colton, who is a musician.

Of note.

He and I met there at Yale and became close friends.

And Jonathan went on to sing in the many, in two of the many a cappella singing groups of Yale.

Because Yale was founded before there was culture and before there was college.

And they were still trying to figure out what social life would be like at college.

So frats had not yet been invented.

So instead they decided to organize social life around mysterious secret societies and a cappella singing groups.

And as a result- Do they ever cross over? Skull and bones and a cappella singing?

Excuse me, I have to go.

Wait.

Wait, he's commitment to the bit.

Is this because I said skull and bones?

Skull and bones?

Now I have to leave twice.

I guess I didn't know that part of S&B.

I was not a member of Skull and Bones, the most famous senior secret society at Yale, which was the secret society that George W. Bush and John Kerry both belonged to at the same time.

They were bros.

They were skull bros.

Skull and bros.

In fact, they called themselves.

Skull and bros.

I was not a joiner.

But I would live vicariously through Jonathan Coulton's fun a cappella adventures.

When you say live vicariously- Because at Yale, a cappella singers were the cool kids.

Oh my god.

I know, disgusting.

So you would go to his gigs and you would- I would go to the parties, the a cappella parties.

Would you get any runoff pee?

Pretty wild.

What's that?

Would you get any runoff pee?

Sure.

I collected it in a pan.

So Coulton's there.

He's a superstar.

He was a superstar.

And I was his weird little Renfield-like henchman who would show up at these a cappella parties and you know, like, catch whiskey and grain punch off of him.

Did you hold anything of Coulton's?

Like, were you assigned duties to him?

I was his Mr. Bates.

I would brush his white tie tuxedo as he put it on before he went to go sing for the elderly Yale-ies of the world, which is what the whiffenpoofs do.

So anyway- Oh my god.

Yeah, I know, right?

The whiffenpoofs what?

The whiffenpoofs.

Jonathan Coulton was so good at a cappella singing.

So you have to understand, there's no social life at Yale except for secret societies and a cappella singing groups.

And secret societies by their very nature are not social.

They're social unto themselves.

Sure.

But it's not a place where you can meet other people outside of that society.

No, because you meet in antique, like historically, architecturally significant buildings that were built by the Vanderbilt's private architect in the early 20th century- Is this Gloria Vanderbilt we're talking about?

Yes, that's right.

Gloria Hole Vanderbilt.

Commissioned.

That's a great character, by the way.

Commissioned.

I own that, by the way.

That's going to be on season three.

No, believe me, I read this release very closely and I understand- Anything said on this is my idea.

Absolutely, including my name.

But the whole town is dotted with these windowless buildings that are historic landmarks in Connecticut, but they are dumb clubhouses for privileged seniors in these secret societies and they're called tombs.

Tombs.

And then the place is also overrun with acapella singing groups, like rats on a ship.

This place sounds terrible.

There are probably 200 acapella singing groups, far more than are needed by any population.

Is this still the case at Yale?

If the kids out there are listening to this and they're like, oh, I want to go to Yale, is that still- First of all, you've got to manage your expectations.

You kids are not going to get it.

Okay, that's right.

If you're listening to this podcast, if you're wasting time listening to this dumb show- Yeah, why aren't you doing community service somewhere or writing a play?

How did you get in?

Legacy.

Ah, okay.

My mom went to nursing school there.

Oh, mommy.

The automatic in.

Great.

She probably gave $2,000 over the course of her life to Yale, so they just said, come on in, buddy.

So you're the- Nursing school legacy.

That's a great song.

I should have been a singer in one of these acapella singing groups.

I know.

Did you ever sing nursing school legacy at one of these parties?

No, I was too shy.

So you're at a party with Colton.

Sure.

And then what happens?

Well, see, you asked me when I realized I was a decrepit old person.

And the thing is that I am- Smash cut to me asking you that question.

Okay, then rewind and remix it.

Rewind.

It's not as exciting as a remix.

No, it's not.

Rewind.

And then you just hear the song again.

So Jonathan was so good at singing with other dudes that he got picked senior year to be in the best acapella singing group, which is called the Whiffenpoofs, which has been around- I hate these guys. I hate these guys.

They are all like cad's and villains.

And they wear- and it is so prestigious to be a Whiffenpoof .

Cole Porter was a Whiffenpoof.

The Whiffenpoof song became a number one hit around the world when Bing Crosby recorded it.

What is the Whiffenpoof? Do you mind singing a little bit of it for us?

I never mind singing it because I should have been one.

Because I was scared to join things and audition.

Well, at least you got a little of it.

And now here it is.

You got a little of the runoff, Whiffenpoof.

Me, me, me, me, me.

Great warmup.

You know what? I'm going to leave that as a tease for- if we're joined by any other guests.

Okay, great. I doubt we will be because this is a one-on- one Actors Paine interview with you.

Oh, I'm sorry. I misunderstood. I was doing Comedy Bang Bang.

No, no. We're going to delve into it. We're going to find out what makes you tick.

We started it as Comedy Bang Bang, but now we've decided we 're going to spin it off into a deep- WTF Junior.

Yeah. We're going to replicate the traditional skull and bones initiation ceremony and have you lie in a coffin and talk about your sexual history while masturbating.

So now hold on. What I'm getting from this story- Is that you did this thing and now that's not connected to anything else, right?

So Jonathan became a Whiffenpoof.

Okay.

And then we both were graduated from college and set loose upon the world with an incredible sense of entitlement and purpose and a sense of destiny that- Him more than you, maybe.

Well, yeah, that's true because he got to travel the world in his white tie and- And you're just the son of some nurse.

Yeah.

Just a simple nurse's son who never was from Maine.

So, okay, you're out there adrift in the world.

Years pass.

Flash forward to?

Flash forward to 2010.

Ah.

Between my year of graduation, 1994, and the year 2010, I thought I was the same age. I thought- 25. 25 or so-ish. I felt a sense of true continuity with the human being I was in college and the human being I was as an adult.

Even though I was married and had children at that point, I still felt like, yeah, you know what- I'm just a 25-year-old guy with kids.

Yeah, I'm just a guy. I'm the same guy. I could go back to college and totally- Fit in.

Those kids would grok me. We'd listen to House of Pain together, watch some VHS tapes. It would be the same. And then Jonathan called me up and he said, I have been asked to host the 100th anniversary concert of the Whiffenpoofs.

And all the Whiffenpoofs that have ever lived are going to come to Yale.

Oh, my God.

And because- Or the ones that were alive, I would hope.

At that time, I was still on television sometimes. And he said because of that, they want you to come back as well.

And sing with the Whiffenpoofs?

Well, no, but co-host the thing. Do you see what I mean?

Okay, all right. I get it.

But it was still like- You're Whiffenpoofs adjacent.

Yeah. I kind of felt- there was part of me that was like, finally, you guys get it. You should have asked me a long time ago. Well, I'll come to your little party. Sure. I'll say some things, but I will not sing.

And we hosted this thing, and I showed up, and that was the moment where I realized I am not of this world at all. The moment I saw the current group of Whiffenpoofs and saw how young they were, but also how promiscuous they were.

Oh, these Whiffenpoofs are getting busy with other Whiffen poofs or other just- Anything.

Anything.

It may surprise you to know that among the men who like to sing a cappella songs, some of them like other men.

What? How dare you cast that kind of aspersion upon the Wh iffenpoofs?

I don't wish to. In any case, when Jonathan was a Whiffenpo of, there were a number of gay members, and then there were a number of what we later learned were closeted members.

Okay, yeah.

So there were some back in the early 90s, they were out.

Sure. I went to theater school. I, you know, people were out at that time.

But actually it was a big deal. I remember anyway, that a member of the Whiffenpoofs had actually come out as gay because this was height of identity politics. Do you know what I mean?

And it was still hard for people to come out of the closet.

You know, Glee wasn't on yet. People didn't have a show to watch. It was like, yeah, I can come out of the closet, but what TV show am I going to watch?

Precisely, precisely.

You know, what, I have to watch a bunch of straight TV?

It was a highly charged thing to do.

Sure.

And very proud of him. And then later on, a number of other members came out.

Followed by his lead.

Yeah, memories.

He was a pioneer though.

And over, you know, but by the time I showed up and saw this class of Whiffenpoofs, I said, boy, these guys are really comfortable in their sexuality. And I asked one of them, like, you know, how many members are out?

And he said, what do you mean? How many of us are gay?

It's like, we don't like labels.

Whoa.

I'm like, oh, I'm sorry. And he goes, yeah, we'll just fuck anything that moves. Why?

Whoa. So he followed it up with, we'll fuck anything that moves?

Because he sounded kind of pretentious there, the first sentence.

That is something that someone from the 90s would say.

But he said it in some kind of, like, it was literally like they were speaking a language of words and gesture and being in the world that I did not comprehend at all.

So they've just started some sort of polyamorous race of people who will just fuck anything?

Yeah, just an a cappella cuddle puddle.

By the way, that should be the title of this episode. A ca ppella cuddle puddle.

But I have never seen a group of more assured and calm young men, because when I was in college and even now, sexuality meant fear, sweating and self-loathing.

Pre-college, college and to now.

That is the part of continuity that continues between me and college-age itself.

But you have a wife.

I do.

Are you comfortable making love to her?

Sure. Look, I've grown a lot. But I'm a shy person.

But everyone, like, the level of just baseline comfort with sexuality was markedly different when I went back to host this thing.

So you see a bunch of horny dudes and this changes the way you look at life.

Well, that was the thing. So I'm standing up there on stage , bookended by the oldest whiffing poofs.

How old are these people?

They had to be in their 90s.

Oh, my goodness.

Well, that can't be quite true. They had to be in their early 80s, late 70s.

Were they born in the 80s?

They were born in the 50s.

Oh. No, the people who were born in the 50s are 50 now.

Oh, that's right. Excuse me. The kids were born probably in the 80s, right? The youngest.

No, people in the 80s are actually 80 now.

The point is I'm standing here in this grand continuum of whiffing poofs, this grand march of Caucasian people.

And I am in the middle of it between youth and death. And I see which part I belong to, which half you're headed towards.

Yeah, I'm over with the tenors. You know what I mean? I'm over with the basses, not with the sopranos.

And I see what part I am singing in this choir, and it is the choir that is singing the song of my death.

And then we went to this party afterward for all of the whiffing poofs that were— So this was not excluding any whiffing poof?

No whiffing poof was excluded.

Okay, great.

Yeah. Thank you.

I just wanted to clarify that.

So after the show, after the big concert, everyone sang the whiffing poof song together, of course.

The one that was a big hit.

The one that was a big hit made— Which we'll hear.

—finished by Bing Crosby, which stay tuned, we'll hear later.

And then we went to this party, and it was all the young people, it was all the old people.

And someone taps me on the shoulder and says, we want you to come over here, we're going to make you an honorary whiffing poof.

And it was a dream come true.

Wow.

And so I went through the ritual.

What's the ritual?

Can you say?

It involves murder.

Oh!

You have to murder another whiffing poof or a non-whiffing poof?

In order to take his place.

The oldest whiffing poof.

This, by the way, is a monthly ceremony that they have inviting all the old whiffing poofs.

Exactly. I had to murder the oldest whiffing poof.

Kind of a Logan's whiffing poof?

Yeah, with a ceremonial hammer.

Which is really just a hammer that's lying around.

Right, while singing Down by the Sally Gardens solo.

It was my solo.

No, you drink from a silver cup that is full of alcohol and champagne.

Another type of alcohol.

Well, I should say— Spirits?

Spirits of some kind, probably vodka, champagne, and then a gallon of ginger ale.

It's gross.

They come in different colors depending on the ingredients.

So there's a velvet cup which has stout in it.

There's a gold cup which has ginger ale in it.

It's gross.

And everyone drinks from this cup as they sing, passing it around.

Ugh, I can't stand that.

It's a saliva-sharing procedure.

And if you were the last person holding the cup, you have to drain it and then put it on your head.

Drain your main cup?

And then spin it around three times and then put it face down on a white napkin.

And if there's any spotting, that means you're now a woman.

No, it means you have to buy the next round or something.

It seems impossible to drink with not leaving a spot out of any cup.

Yeah, well, it happens.

Just do do the nature of cups.

Do do the nature of cups.

Were you the last one?

Do do that voodoo that you do to me.

It was a Cole Porter song, he was a whiff and poof.

Sure, hey, bringing it all back.

I was the last one, and then they handed me a whiff and po of tie.

And they said, you are now an honorary whiff and poof.

And I'm like, at last.

I told you I was still young, universe.

And then they said, and then someone took me aside and said , we're going to go to an after party.

And I'm like, that's right you are, and I'm coming with, right?

And they said, yeah, if you'd like to.

Right, because I'm young.

I'm still young.

And they said, great, it's a naked party.

And then I heard a needle scratch, because I'm not young, I 'm old.

And I know what needle scratching sounds like.

Right.

And what it means.

I've never heard that in real life, but it's kind of like smelling burnt toast.

It's like you're having a stroke.

It is, it is.

You're having an old person's stroke.

What is a naked party?

It's a party where everyone's naked.

I don't like this.

I don't like these people.

Why are they sharing?

They're so comfortable with their bodies.

I guess so.

I could count the times I have been naked in life.

It is a countable number.

What is that count?

I mean, anyone could really, because numbers are infinite.

Yeah.

Well, I guess every day that I shower, I sort of, but you know what I mean.

So, I mean, you've been alive 365 days a year.

But recreationally naked is a much smaller, and I'm certainly not going to a party.

Do you know why?

I respect other people's furniture too much.

Exactly.

Obviously not their cups.

You can't sit down at a naked party.

Oh yeah.

And why?

Who wants to see?

I think it's bad enough that when you sit on any chair that your butthole is rubbing up against it.

Technically.

I know that there's stuff in between.

There's a butthole filter called your trouser bottom.

Of course.

Your trouser bottom.

Hand me the bottoms to my trousers, would you?

It used to be that they were separate pieces.

Yeah, of course.

That you would button up.

Of course.

You would have to have your trousers with a hole in it.

You used to do this with Jonathan Coulton.

Oh yeah.

Then there's the trouser dickey that you have to put on over it.

Well, so all of that got you thinking.

Then I realized that I am not of them.

I am still a person who wears clothes.

Yeah.

I will never be a person who doesn't.

They are on the other side of a cultural divide that involves a comfort with nakedness that I will never share.

And then Jonathan Coulton and I both declined this invitation to be young.

So Coulton didn't take him up on it?

No.

Maybe I held him back.

Maybe he really wanted to go, but I said, you're coming with me.

And we went over to the Anchor Bar, which is the bar that I used to go to when I was young.

And we closed it.

And then we hung around late after they were closed.

And the last drink they served us, as though reading our minds, was grasshoppers.

They said, you two should have some grasshoppers.

Grasshoppers.

Which is a really old timey drink with like creme de menthe is a big part of it.

And we toasted grasshoppers in the twilight of our years.

And then I became obsessed with my mortality from then on.

Fantastic.

Well, that is quite a story.

John, John Hodgman, Ragnarok.

John, right.

That's not in my comedy special because I would like people to see and enjoy my comedy.

No, but that, I mean, that's, that's amazing.

This should be in your next special.

That was, uh, uh, and people got a preview of your next special here.

Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps, perhaps.

So the Ivy League comedy of John Hodgman.

I think it was welcome to the sweater and pipe comedy of John.

Do you have a sweater?

Do you have a pipe?

Well, I'll get one for the show.

Uh, we need to take a break.

But when we come back, we're going to have just more of you because this is only you on the show.

It's just me. One on one.

One on one. Here we go.

And, uh, we'll take a break. We'll come right back with Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang. We're back here with John Hodgman.

And, um, one thing I wanted to ask you about.

Yes.

You are, uh, you, you, or you were, maybe still are, I don 't know, uh, but you were in the, uh, Mac commercials.

That's true.

I wish that I still were, but I am not.

You are not anymore.

But I had very appropriately moved on with their lives.

I had a question, which is iPad, iPod. I don't know anymore .

Okay. You want me to.

Yeah. Just respond. How do you respond to that?

Uh, iPad.

Okay, great.

Uh, I did want to ask you, you mentioned before about the Whiffenpoof song and I would love to hear a little bit of this, you know, and, and hopefully it won't, uh, draw.

I am an honorary Whiffenpoof.

That's it. So you, you can sing this, but hopefully it will not draw out any other Whiffenpoofs that may be around.

It's true. Whenever the Whiffenpoofs sing this song in concert, all Whiffenpoofs who may be in attendance are invited to join them on stage.

Yeah. So hopefully there are no Whiffenpoofs roaming the halls here at Earwolf and, uh, none will.

There could be some coming through the drop ceiling at any moment, so be prepared.

Okay. Okay. Well, I'd love to hear this.

It has a little bit of a buildup and then a, and then a, and then a famous chorus.

From the tables down at Moree's, that's where the Whiffenpo ofs drink, to the place where Louie dwells, that's her favorite, favorite bartender at a different place.

I hate these guys.

To the dear old temple bar we love so well, that place doesn't exist anymore.

Sing the Whiffenpoofs assembled with their glasses raised on high and the magic of their singing casts its spell.

Yes, the magic of their singing, of the songs we love so well, shall I wasting and mvorning and the rest.

Those are all songs they sing.

We will serenade our Louie as life and voice shall last, then we'll pass and be forgotten with the rest.

We are poor little lambs who have lost our way.

We're little black sheep who have gone astray.

Who have gone astray.

Bah, bah, bah, bah. Let me take this part. You got it.

Gentlemen song stirs off on a spree. Damned from here to eternity.

That's where we get the name of that movie.

Lord have mercy on such as weep.

Bah, bah, bah.

No you can't do it.

No you can't.

Really? I can't sing along?

Only old Whiffenpoofs can.

Only old Whiffenpoofs.

Oh, iced tea.

Yeah, what's up player?

You were a Whiffenpoof?

That's right, honorary, honorary.

Honorary Whiffenpoofs for life.

Ladies and gentlemen, if you're wondering what's going on.

With a number four.

Yep.

Not F-O-1.

And a life with a Z in it somewhere.

Yeah, that's right.

Like silent Z.

If you're wondering what's going on, Jon Hodgman starts singing the Whiffenpoofs song and all of a sudden iced tea, friend of the show, you may know him from Law and Order S.

It's Law and Order colon.

Much like the colon in Jon Hodgman Ragnarok.

That's right, different font.

Did you guys share a colon?

No.

What, like what are we, Chang and Eng?

Famous Siamese twins for whom the term Siamese twin was coined.

In a way we are though.

Good poll, good poll by the way.

He brings out this old timey trivia in me.

Remember I'm hanging around this dude.

Iced tea, friend of the show, welcome back to the show.

Good to be here, Scott, good to see you.

You just heard the song and you decided to come on in?

I heard that song and I had to join in.

All Whiffenpoofs and honorary Whiffenpoofs are compelled.

Whenever they do that song at concert at the Whiffenpoof, they invite any form of Whiffenpoofs on stage with them to sing the song.

Did you already tell them that?

Oh, okay.

I wonder, is the song like a siren's call?

Even if you don't hear it, do you feel it like in your sp idey sense?

Yeah, you feel a tingling.

Mine is sort of my left nipple, but it's different for every Whiffenpoof and honorary Whiffenpoof.

What is the radius that you have to be in in order to feel this?

I mean do all Whiffenpoofs across the globe feel it or is it just within a 30 mile radius?

Right now we've probably triggered some eye twitching and general malaise and nausea among Whiffenpoofs.

Probably within a, what do you say, like a 700 mile radius I would say?

Probably like this hemisphere.

The whole hemisphere.

Well, you know, Yale has graduated a lot of world leaders.

The headquarters of the secret world government. There's still a lot of influence.

And when you think of the earth as a sphere, like a hemisphere, that's not a lot.

It's about half of it.

That's not the whole thing.

It's not the whole thing, but it's not that impressive.

You seem like a pessimist to me.

Because I see the world as half empty.

So I see you were the only Whiffenpoof kind of, I guess, in the area and you just came a-runnin', huh?

Yeah, that must be like what Candyman feels like, right?

When you say his name in the mirror.

Here I am.

Well, so do you guys know each other?

Rock me like a Whiffenpoof phone parody.

Do you do a lot of song parodies in your work?

Around the house. Me and Coco do.

You know, it's interesting, and I don't know if I've ever brought this up on the show, but...

Ice-T, your name is a drink.

That's right.

And Coco's name is a drink.

That's right.

And put it together like, that would be a great drink to sell.

Ice-T and Coco.

Wait a minute, wait a minute.

Ice-T flavored Coco.

Kind of an Arnold Palmer.

Yeah.

Right.

We think of ourselves as like, we're represented, representative of like, different times of year, right?

Like, maybe I represent the summertime, right?

And like Coco, she represents the winter, you know?

Sure.

Like she's got the cold, like autumn into winter, and then I got like spring into summer, Ice-T, right?

Fun times by the pool, Ice-T.

Yeah.

Cozy times by the fire, Coco.

Yeah, you know her plate.

Yeah.

And it's like, if you mix them together, I almost think that might be disgusting.

But, okay, which would be better then?

Ice-T flavored Coco, or Coco flavored Ice-T?

This is like, a tough choice because they're both disgusting.

Hmmm.

Man, I gotta put my sinking cap on for this one.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Please put it on.

Ice-T flavored Coco, or Coco flavored Ice-T.

I think the less disgusting would be Coco flavored Ice-T, in my opinion, because at least you're still...

It'd be kind of like an ice, a mocha Ice-T almost.

Yeah, in a way, yeah.

But hold on a second.

So, is it just cold, like Ice-T, but it tastes like Coco?

Yeah, it's like passion fruit Ice-T.

It's like chocolate milk.

No, well, no, it doesn't have the consistency.

No, it's like you pour chocolate milk into some Ice-T.

No, it doesn't have a milky consistency, it just has...

I hope not, because that's gross.

You don't like...

Milk?

Oh, you don't like milk.

Who wants to drink milk?

One of my baby?

I mean, I didn't want to say anything, but...

I ain't a farm animal, and I ain't a baby.

So I'm not drinking milk anytime soon.

Okay, so we can rule out farm animal and baby.

I'm not either of those.

Okay, so we're going to get on exactly...

You got four more guesses.

I haven't guessed at all.

No one's ever gotten it.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, I have one more.

I have a guess.

Are you a human being adult?

How do I answer this?

I never put it to you that directly before.

I'm going to say...

And by the way, you play a cop, so you cannot lie.

Oh, that's true.

If you ask me straight out like that, I got to tell the truth.

I'm going to say...

Let me say this.

I'm playing a little cagey, right?

I'm going to say yes and no.

Oh, okay.

So you may be a human being, or you may be an adult, but not both.

That's right.

Okay, we'll figure this out.

So Ice-T, have you met Jon Hodgman before?

No.

No, we've never met.

We almost met recently, because we were both guests on Canadian Match Game.

What?

That's true.

I went up to Toronto and I shot...

How many episodes...

Was it five episodes back to back?

Back to back, five episodes.

I was in the Charles Nelson Reilly position.

Yeah, that's the good one.

That's the good one.

What position were you in, Jon?

I was, let's see, top right.

So is that JP Morgan?

No, I think that's...

What's her name with the big glasses?

You're thinking of The Gong Show.

Nipsey Russell?

No, a woman.

Brett, Brett...

Yes.

No, Brett Thum was in the middle, man.

She was?

Yeah.

Okay, so who's over there up on the right?

That was like a rotating group of people.

Wait a minute, I'm talking about stage right, but I'm thinking audience left.

Oh, then you're in the Nipsey Russell.

Nipsey Russell.

Yeah, you're in the Russell.

Yeah, right, I was in the Nipsey Russell.

That's right.

You should really clarify...

They didn't want to put stage right or camera right, Jon.

What's that?

You should really clarify that when you're talking.

I usually, I know.

I'm sorry.

Okay, because not everyone is a theater person like you or I, and automatically assumes it's stage right.

Macbeth.

Excuse me.

Hey, guys.

I'm talking about the school bones.

Jon just left again.

Jon just left.

Oh, my goodness.

We're going to see what would happen.

Do you not say Macbeth on the Law and Order show?

No, we say it a lot.

Really?

Yeah.

Do you do a lot of Macbeth themed episodes?

Most, most...

Like someone getting accidentally stabbed and...

Look, we've been on for a while, right?

At this point, I would say the last season that we did of Law and Order colon SVU, were all rewrites of Macbeth in one way or another.

Oh, okay.

Well, I mean, it's a classic story.

One that has been told many times.

A tale as old as time.

I mean, Macbeth is a crime that's, it features a crime that 's particularly heinous.

Much like the crimes we've featured on Law and Order SVU.

You have special victims in your show.

These victims are very special.

They're not those ordinary dumb victims.

No.

I mean, I try to so much, if you watch the show, you'll see like the bells or whatever, he thumbles on a dead body and he's like, oh, something about this dead body.

I really, I don't know.

I really like it.

Is Richard Bells or stumbling across dead bodies on this show?

Like you're not going to crime scenes?

No, no, no.

You're just like stumbling across...

Well, we kind of play like these really lucky cops where we 're like on our way to work and it's like, oh, what a crime.

Yeah.

Well, New York City.

We ain't even in the office yet.

Now look.

Do you have dibs?

That's right.

Because we work on commission.

We find the dead body first, call it in.

We got one.

When you go to a special victim, do they say who helped you by the way?

Do you have a regular police officer?

So you guys don't know each other.

You almost saw each other in the match game.

I know you.

I've seen your picture on the honorary Whiffenpoof wall.

That's right.

Obviously I'm a huge fan.

Likewise.

Oh, thank you very much.

I got all your books.

Oh, thank you very much.

I love the Ragnarok stuff.

Hey, thank you.

You know, I'm heavy into fantasy.

Yeah, I do though.

Some science fiction, but not a lot.

He loves fantasy.

What's your favorite fantasy novel?

Technology.

Probably The Black Cauldron.

Oh, some Lloyd Alexander.

How do you feel about the movie version?

They tried.

You know, Disney was in a bad place at the time, you know?

Too dark for Disney.

Yeah.

Disney?

Disney.

That's right.

I'm like, this is scary.

Yeah.

Jon, what was your best answer on match game?

Oh, let me ask.

I got a question for Jon.

Wait, what?

I just asked one though.

Yeah, I know, but I like my better.

I like my better.

All right, well, I'll give it to you.

Did you have, for lack of a better term, real celebrities on your episodes?

I would say it's kind of a toss up as to whose question was better.

Well, there's nothing I can say that's not going to hurt a Canadian.

I mean, yeah, exactly.

That's what I'm driving at.

Was it a bunch of Canadians?

It was, I think it's called a passel of Canadians.

When you have more than one Canadian.

It's a passel, right?

Isn't it an apology of Canadians?

It's a parliament of Canadians, actually, because they're on the British Commonwealth system.

That's right.

Yeah.

So you had a bunch of Canadians in you.

You were the one American?

I was the outlander.

Okay.

Yeah.

And it was me, but Deborah DiGiovanni, a very funny Canadian comedian.

I'll take your word for it.

Who lives here in Los Angeles now and then got on TV, wasted no time in deserting Canada.

And then the host Darren Rose, very funny guy.

Would you consider his moving to Los Angeles now?

To be the host with the most?

He was the host with a good amount.

Okay.

Was he like the hoost with the moost, right?

Canada.

So listen, this is the thing though.

Like they don't have enough celebrities to sustain a TV show.

They got to like dip down into the lower 48 to bring us up there.

The one I had, I did one, it was like Paul Gross stomping Tom Connors, Alan Thicke, me, who else?

Donald Sutherland.

I think to be fair, I see.

That's pretty good.

And the ghost of Bruno Jiruffi.

Alan Thicke and Donald Sutherland, I would say are maybe bigger stars than you.

They hate each other.

Oh, what happened?

So now who's the biggest star?

Okay.

Yeah.

No.

I mean, if two big stars hate each other, it cancels them out.

Well, I mean like inside I'm a bigger person.

They're star wattage.

Oh, I see.

Cause they're petty.

Yeah.

Tom Petty, another guy.

Tom Petty was not there, but his music filled the sound stage during the warmup act.

Of course it did.

So why do they hate each other?

That's so interesting.

I think it's because Alan Thicke never gave Donald Sutherland co-writing credit on the Fact of Life theme song.

I know.

I mean, how would I?

Because he didn't get credit.

They used to be the best of friends.

What in Sutherland, which stanzas did he write, I wonder?

Here's how they wrote it.

It was like very Lennon and McCartney.

Was it like Thicke was like, you take the good.

That's right.

And then Sutherland comes back with, you take the bad.

Oh, opposites.

You take them all.

They both said at the same time, you take them both and there you have the Fact of Life.

And then Sutherland was like, the Fact of Life.

Sounds to me like Sutherland didn't do a lot more than just kind of like repeating what Thicke said.

If you start out a song that says, you take the good, and you just wait around for a little bit and then say, you have them both and there you have the Fact of Life, people are going to say, what both?

All I heard was, you take the good, you take them both.

You take the good, scrambled eggs.

You take the both and there you have the Facts of Life.

So you could take good and scrambled eggs.

That's life.

In a way, that is the Facts of Life.

That actually works.

Scrambling up those eggs in a woman's house.

We all come from eggs, right?

Yeah, that's true.

Good point.

And that's where we're all going to return.

I would love to hear you say Thicke says.

Like Alan Thicke says.

Alan, why would you like to hear me say that?

I'm just curious.

And you know, I play a detective on television.

And your natural curiosity is helpful to that character.

Yeah.

I just like, I would find it delightful to hear you say Th icke says.

I don't know.

It's not delightful when you say it.

I don't know what would make it so delightful when I say it .

Let's try it out.

I'm trying to figure out what it is that's so delightful about that.

It's not even a sentence.

Would you say, so Thicke says.

Is this a situation where if you get him to say it, he returns to his own dimension?

He may, yes.

Let's try it out.

That's, I mean, that's the main reason why I want to see.

Let me think you on my tiny little derby on my head.

All right.

What was the phrase you would like me to repeat?

So Thicke says.

So Alan Thicke is talking to Donald Sutherland saying, I'm not going to give you credit.

Donald Sutherland says no.

And Thicke says.

So Thicke says.

Yes, exactly.

You had to repeat.

Not enough.

I'm sorry.

I just think it's so funny the way you talk, Ice-T.

You got to grow up.

How do you pronounce your own name?

Ice-T.

You're like a schoolyard bully.

I love it.

I'm going to kick your ass.

I don't like this.

Wait, Ice-T. Ice-T, remember your honorary whiff and poof anti-bullying training.

That's true.

Did you guys, did you guys?

I never should have taken that course.

Were the whiff and poofs bullied?

I thought they were the popular people at Yale.

At Yale?

But in the world?

Oh, that's true.

Among normals?

Did you find it a big adjustment when you got into the real world that not everyone found your erudite Yalian charm to be amusing?

No, I still believe they all do.

Why?

Is there something I'm missing?

Everyone in the world loves me.

I went to Yale.

So you guys.

I'm not wearing the straw boater and fur coat for nothing.

I didn't know.

Yo, how many goldfish you thaw on top of the flagpole or at the bottom of the flagpole?

In the phone booth.

Oh, right.

Well, that was, that was quite a day.

One one one and two.

I did not realize Ice-T that you went to Yale.

No, I've been to Yale, but I did not.

I did not complete my course at Yale.

Is this like a Dr. Cosby situation?

I have an honorary doctorate from Yale.

Oh my goodness.

In fictional criminology.

That's right.

Yeah.

An honorary doctorate in fictional criminology.

Yale has a really good fictional criminology school.

Oh, okay.

So it's just basically enough criminology to know what would sound convincing to an audience?

That's exactly right.

So that you could write, so that you could write for or create detective shows on TV.

You want to hear some?

Yeah, I'd love to.

I'd love to.

Get a load of this.

We we need some forensic evidence.

That's convinced me.

I'm sorry.

I have to go get some forensic.

Oh, you got me.

Oh, I almost left the room again.

Yeah.

Yes.

Oh my goodness.

You're great at that.

You're one, I would say I see you're one of the best people at, at, you know, like describing evidence and stuff you see at crime scenes and asking the right questions.

A lot of people, it's like, it's almost like a science fiction show where it's like a lot of gobbledygook that you got to say.

Yeah.

That's what attracted you to the, the role.

Yeah.

I wanted to say a bunch of nonsense that meant something to somebody else, but not to me.

So and we got a lot of this, go to the little, this fingerprints.

Whoa.

Okay.

They're important.

Is this a PSA that you did?

The more you know, don't send them off fingerprints.

This got cut out of the season finale of a SVU one year.

And it was a tough scene between me and Belth where we had to act like we didn't like each other.

It was really, we, our characters were in a fight.

What were you fighting about?

The coffee fund at the office.

Oh yeah.

And at one point he says, his character says, fingerprints, who cares?

And then I say, fingerprints, they're important.

And they, and I remember I watched this, they cut it right after his line.

Yeah.

So it was fingerprints, who cares?

And then executive producer, Dick Wolf.

I feel like first of all, really kind of soft ending to the entire episode, much less the season.

Yeah.

I mean, but then also I feel like it leaves people, the whole viewer to conclude that we feel the fingerprints are not important.

And you never wrapped up that fight either.

Nope.

Next episode, we were friends again.

I mean, I guess I assumed when I watched the next episode that you guys patched it up over the summer.

But you know, people, there's a lot of fan fiction on the internet about that.

Don't know what happened between those seasons.

Yeah.

It was actually pretty good.

Yeah, no, there's some really good writers.

I got a hand in that.

It was accurate.

Yeah.

Fans were upset because that Coffee Fun subplot, it took us most of the season and then we never resolved it.

Yeah.

It's like episodes of Lost.

What's that?

Wait, you like, oh, is it too science fictiony for you, Lost, the TV series?

It's a TV series.

I don't know what that is.

It's a major genre TV series that was on ABC over six seasons, I believe.

It tended to be a little science fictiony though, but it was fantasy as well.

It was like a magic island.

We screened it on the Queen Mary 2 at the honorary Whiffen poof reunion.

Oh, I guess you missed it.

I thought that was just like, I thought that was like a soap opera.

Oh, I mean, it was like a soap opera.

It had elements of soap opera.

Sort of.

So maybe this is a great show for you to catch up on.

Lost wasn't one of my stories.

Yeah.

What are your favorite stories that you're...

All my children, one life to live.

I remember you were a Battlestar Galactica fan.

Yeah, I like that.

It was one of my few sci-fi exceptions.

Yeah.

What'd you think of these Hobbit movies?

I wish that, I feel like it's weird that they made The Hobbit a trilogy when it easily could have been a seven-part series.

And you wanted them to make more movies.

I feel like they could have, like, when they had that first battle with those goblins and they're running away from those goblins, I could have watched another three hours of that.

So maybe the first movie would be The Hobbit, the guys sit around the house.

And then the next movie is The Hobbit.

The guys finally decide to leave.

I want to learn more about the habits.

The hobbit habits.

Yeah.

How many breakfasts do they eat?

What about the waistcoats?

You know what I'm saying?

I can give you the answers to those.

One and yeah, what about them?

What is the best pipe leaf in the Shire?

Oh, probably, uh, wacky tabacky.

I think Jon is asking rhetorically.

No, but wacky tabacky, right?

Wacky tabacky, sure.

From the Southfarthing.

Right.

Do you like to get high when you watch these shows?

I don't like to, but it happens.

How does it happen?

Like contact highs?

I feel like, yeah, I feel like we must have a neighbor who smokes a lot of reefer.

Great.

I'm like a smoky reefer.

You somehow get high.

Walk in the living room with clouds of it in there.

So gosh, I see.

I mean, Jon, you must have a million questions for I.C.T.

You know, fire away.

His life is an open book.

I mean, he won't talk about anything.

Absolutely anything.

Do you have, do you have a white tie and tails?

Oh, here we go.

Oh, this is, I mean, we said he would talk about anything.

I do have a white tie and tails in case I ever got invited to the White House for a formal dinner.

Yeah.

And has that happened yet?

It has yet to happen.

Why do you think you're not getting invited?

Maybe because a cop killer?

Are you still paying for that?

I feel like people bring it up.

Yeah.

Body Count was an art project.

Don't they get that?

That's right.

No, they don't understand.

They hear those words and they think the song is about killing cops and it's really not.

Are you working in any other media like, okay.

Hold on a second.

I want to clear the air.

That song is about the Police Athletic League.

What?

Oh, it all makes so much sense now.

Right?

Okay.

So you think they should die?

I think the cops.

Cops?

Wait, did the kick boss just walk in here?

I feel like, I feel like the cops should kill the Police Athletic League.

Wait, so the cops themselves?

So when you say cop killer, you are talking about cops who actually kill.

He's a cop who's a killer.

Okay.

People misunderstood.

Yeah.

They thought I was advocating the killing of cops.

No, you're advocating the killing.

I was encouraging cops to become killers.

To kill children.

This makes more sense now.

I like this.

Hey, Barack Hussein Obamacare, invite this guy to the White House.

I've realized that that song, that sounds worth.

But that was your intention, right?

Now that I'm saying it out loud and I'm not, you know, singing it with body count, I feel like it's a bad message.

Was body count, did that cloud your feelings on the issue?

Just having that kind of...

It got lost in the rock.

Yeah.

So, but now your true message is out there and if it comes true, people can cite your lyrics as an influence.

I suppose so.

I...

John, we have to take another break.

Is that okay?

Why?

Why, you say?

Well, there's important messages for our listeners that we ...

Oh, like a commercial.

I mean, we don't like to call it that.

Are you calling it a message?

Yeah, it's an important little factoid.

Hey, remember those messages you used to do?

About computers?

About those factoids?

I do.

iPod or iPad?

Yeah.

And I have a message for you.

Hey.

We're selling stuff, if you'd like to buy it.

A lot of people like to know if something is out there that they can buy.

That's right.

And so we, you know, do a public service for people and we ...

You've got money, we've got goods and services, let's keep this economy going.

Exactly.

And you know what...

You know what, by the Pet Shop Boys?

I've got some money!

You've got goods and services!

Let's keep this economy going!

All right, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bank Break after this.

Comedy Bank Break!

Oh!

Oh, Comedy!

Co-Comedy Bank Break!

Like you inhaled and he started coughing like a man.

We are back.

We have Jon Hodgman and Ice-T, two people I never thought would ever meet, but here they are.

It's happening right now.

I never thought we would have this chance to meet either.

I know.

It's like when Gorbachev was friends with Herve Villasiez.

I loved the movie that you were in.

Is that true?

Corcative.

Hey, people with names like that, they've got to stick together.

That's what brought them together!

It's like people make fun of me.

Me too!

Who said that?

Me, down here!

Hey, who's that midget?

Who's that stupid midget?

Hey, I think a bird got you.

That's a birthmark.

They roasted each other a lot.

Yeah, the original roast.

That's right.

They weren't roasts before that.

They were a rat pack of two.

Jon you were saying?

I don't know.

Oh my goodness.

Ice, you usually come here with a business idea.

I've given you one myself.

Ice tea, cocoa flavored ice tea.

I think that would be a big hit.

Why do you think that?

I'm curious.

Because people love you.

People love cocoa.

Right.

Your wife.

I love cocoa.

Your wife.

My wife.

And it's been...

My wife?

I love your wife.

It's been a while since we talked about how much I love cocoa.

My reality show, Ice Loves Cocoa, was all about me loving cocoa.

It's based on your love.

Based on my love affair.

It says that in the credits, based on an actual love of ice tea for cocoa.

Based on a true love story.

All resemblance between this show and Ice Tea's love for cocoa is not coincidental.

Inspired by true love events.

We eventually had to put that on there because it's a highly produced reality show.

So you love her, and I love hearing about her and you, and I just think that put both of your essence together...

And you know what?

Here's an idea.

It doesn't even have to be ice tea flavored cocoa or vice versa.

It could just be both of your sweat.

Hey, I really wish you would stop pushing this disgusting product.

Let me tell you why I don't want to do it.

I'm going to be perfectly candid with you.

All right.

Let me tell you your candor.

First of all...

I feel like vomiting on myself.

To each his own.

I feel like when Cocoa and I come together in life, it results in something like my son, Little Ice.

Little Ice, yeah.

And for us to take these beverages that we're named for, mix them together, the resulting product I feel like would be an insult to my son.

But how about this?

The ad campaign is, hey, you know what is great with iced tea and cocoa?

A little ice.

I'll take that job if there's a spot on it for me.

Sure.

We can get you and Justin Long back together.

Sure.

Right.

Hi, I'm representing iced tea.

I'm representing hot cocoa.

And then Herve Villashez comes in.

How about a little ice?

Ooh, get Sand and Ginsberg in here.

Let's get some shots of Speed in our asses.

It's a reference to Mad Men.

Yeah, a TV show.

Did you watch the season finale?

Yeah, I watch it live.

Let's spoil it for people who have never seen the show before.

Wait a minute.

This is airing on July 1st.

Yeah, sure.

But I'm just saying for people who have never seen any season of it, let's talk about every season of it and spoil every episode.

What do you say?

Okay.

That sounds good.

Season one.

Season one, episode one.

You meet Don.

Don Draper.

He's an advertising executive at a high powered Madison Avenue advertising agency.

Who has a secret.

And they're called Mad Men, which is what the title is because they work on Madison Avenue.

Madison Avenue.

And they're mad-vah-tive-ing.

They're mad-vah-tive-ing.

Have you seen my show, Ice?

Yeah.

You say that?

Everybody fiend it, including me.

Do you?

You don't watch Mad Men, do you?

No.

Not enough fantasy for you?

No.

What if he was carrying a sword?

Yeah.

Boy, that'd go a long way.

That would with me too.

Yeah.

I mean, I'll tell you what.

I think everybody would enjoy that show if Don Draper carried a sword around.

You know his name though.

Interesting.

A little chain mail.

What if, tell you what, what if the last episode of next season, which is the final season.

The series finale.

The series finale, Richard Belzer guest stars and he says, fingerprints, who cares?

And then...

Do you know what that would do?

Don Draper pulls a sword out from his breast pocket.

Keep talking.

And cuts off Belzer's head and says, fingerprints, they're important.

Executive producer Matthew Weiner.

I would, that show, I would stand in line in my own home to see.

A line of two?

Yeah.

Or three?

If it was like my fun and my wife.

My wife.

If they were like, Hey, live back here, buddy.

Talk to you awfully rudely.

Well, I mean, you know, it's like a scenario that we play out at home with at the line to watch television.

Oh yeah.

That's fun.

You play box office?

Yeah.

It's fun for kids and adults too.

You're never too old to play box office.

It makes watching TV more special, you know?

So that way Coco isn't like, why are you just lounging around watching TV all day?

Well, we stood in line to do this.

That's right.

Two for Jewel of the Nile, please.

Do you camp out for big Star Wars movies?

Yeah, we've done that.

Yeah.

To watch them on television.

Like when...

You wait for everything until it's on television?

Oh yeah.

I know.

I wouldn't step foot inside a movie theater.

What?

Why?

Oh, they're like mobbed.

They're like, well, you're very kind to say that.

Well, you're an honorary whiffenpooper.

There is that.

That's right.

That's why I don't go to the movies.

That's when I wear my white tie and tail.

You should try it once and just see if you're ever mobbed.

Oh, I couldn't do it.

I couldn't do it.

Just walking by a movie theater, oftentimes the guy ripping the tickets will give me a look.

And I'll say, I can tell that he went to Yale and might be a whiffenpooper.

I hope he doesn't come in here.

Not a lot of Yale graduates working.

We call it whiffenpossible.

No, but they can see from the things that I'm wearing, from the Yale regalia that I'm wearing.

That's a whiffenimpossible.

I see by your outfit that you are a cowboy.

Just from a folk song.

So here's why I don't go to movie theaters.

They are like a cauldron of the V's.

Filth and germs.

Well, when you think about it, it's basically just a room where there are chairs.

That's right.

You know?

And people have been rubbing their buttholes against these chairs ever since the place opened.

What, without dickies?

Yeah, probably six or seven people a day rubbing their but tholes against these chairs.

Wait, are you saying without trouser bottoms?

They have trouser bottoms, no.

They have some trouser bottoms.

Okay.

But in your own home, think about your own chairs at home.

How many buttholes have rubbed up against it the entire time you've lived in a house?

Do they have trouser bottoms or open slacks holes?

You're saying seven total.

I've only ever had seven people in my house.

Which seven?

Can you name them?

Yes.

Will you name them?

I will.

Then name them.

Of course.

And speaking of buttholes.

It's her house.

It's her house, that's right.

I moved into her place.

Speaking of buttholes, Coco.

That's my wife, man.

My wife!

My wife.

So Coco, we got Coco, we got little ice, I'm sure.

My son's little house.

Sure.

She does have...

Rico Kaysik.

Rico Kaysik!

Wow!

Not the one you're thinking of.

Oh, not the singer of the Cars?

No.

Oh, okay.

Not the one who produced Weezer.

Bad Brains.

Yeah.

I would imagine.

Um, Thomas Kincaid, the painter of light.

Hmm, great guy.

R.I.P.

What are we up to?

We're up to, as far as I'm concerned, four.

Coco O'Kaysik Kincaid.

Little Ice.

He won't forget you.

You're counting your family members as guests in your home?

The people who have been in my home.

Technically there are people you invited into your home by marrying them and giving birth to them.

That's right.

I'll pretend that for fun.

Yeah, sure.

I hope not.

I thought it was just a fun scenario, but now you got me wondering.

There's no way of telling because you've invited them all in.

That's true.

You've essentially gotten rid of them.

Dr. J.

Mmm, the basketball player?

Yes.

Okay.

The inventor of the skyhook?

Dr. J, the doctor.

Oh, okay.

Right.

Are they pals?

Yes.

Dr. J is Dr. J's physician.

Right, exactly.

Well, I was going to say Dr. J is Dr. J's patient, but it's ...

Six in one, half a dozen in the other.

Sure.

It's half an empty world.

You're both technically correct.

Southern hemisphere to some, northern hemisphere to another .

That's right.

Okay, so I think that's six people, and who must be the last guest?

Oh my God.

I can't see the faith in my mind.

What?

I saw that episode of Hannibal where that girl, she couldn 't see the murderer.

Three for Hannibal, please.

Two adults and one child.

Not the movie, the TV show.

Sure.

In your house.

But you know what?

I almost responded.

It's on screen six because I love playing box office.

Down the hall to the right.

Who was that mysterious person?

Who was it?

The seventh person.

I see like a vague shape, but I can't...

What's the shape look like?

Can you describe the shape?

Can you determine who this person is?

A man or a woman?

I don't know, like tall and lanky.

Tall and lanky?

I feel like that's Rick O'Cassek.

You could be talking Dr. J. No, no, I feel like I see the outline of some sunglasses.

Some sunglasses.

Tall and lanky was tall and lanky.

That still is Rick O'Cassek.

Yeah, pretty much.

Or Dr. J.

Were they small circular sunglasses, and was he pretending to be a fly?

You could be talking about Jeff Goldblum at this point.

Was it Jeff Goldblum?

Not Jeff Goldblum.

I feel like tall...

If a guy, if a guy, like, something about him seems...

Thardonic or tharkathic?

Was it Belzer?

Wait a minute!

It's Belzer!

Richard the Bell's Belzer?

Yeah, you're a co-star!

My partner from Law & Order SVU?

Yes!

Why can't you remember this guy?

Why can't I?

Maybe he's the vampire.

Do you think Richard Belzer, the comedian and American exp at who now resides in Paris, France...

Do you think he's a hypnotic vampire who's put me in a thr all?

I've only seen him at night, because that's when Law & Order airs.

He put you in a...

And his set!

We're the only show that's set exclusively at nighttime.

And by the way, vampires cannot be seen on TV even in the daytime.

That's true.

That's why there's never been a vampire on The Ellen Show.

That's true.

My detective instincts are kicking in!

I'm wondering why there had never been a vampire on The Ellen Show and we finally solved it!

I don't think she knew either and she was teething it for the first season of Ellen.

She was like, we're gonna get a vampire soon, he's gonna dance!

They make a lot of excuses why they can't be there, but the main reason is they can't be seen.

I'm gonna play ganipkin op with a vampire!

Wait a minute, do you think that you were even on the TV show Law & Order or did he hypnotize you into thinking that you were on it?

Well I guess you gotta tell me, I mean...

Maybe he hypnotized us too!

Maybe he hypnotized all of us.

Maybe he hypnotized the world!

Maybe Law & Order SVU is just a static image of Richard Bel zer hypnotizing us.

Hypnotizing us, yes, that's exactly what I mean!

Just to play devil's advocate, let's really, you know, something with the thread.

What's that expression?

Pull the thread in.

Pull the thread.

Exactly.

Whatever.

How the bread is made.

Let's drop the candelabra and get to this.

Let's get in front of the candelabra for a second.

Alright, shed some, shed some candle wax on this.

What does Richard Belzer, the hypnotic vampire gain...

So we've established he is a hypnotic vampire.

For the sake of argument, for the sake of argument, let's say he is.

What does this hypnotic vampire gain from making everyone believe there's a TV show called Law & Order SVU?

Ah, that's a good question.

Street cred?

Yeah, Athen, Athen.

Vampires are very status conscious and maybe, you know what I mean?

Lace status concert.

concert.

Would have been great!

Y'all going to a Lace status concert?

Also now that I'm thinking about it, I'm pulling this thread.

All of the other shows, all of the other shows that he's appeared on as that character, Munch, are fake too!

Yeah.

Homicide, The X-Files.

Hold on a second.

Munch is just another word for eat, which is what vampires do to people.

Wait a minute!

Has he been eating people live on the air while hypnotizing us?

It's been in front of us the entire time.

It's been right in front of us this whole time.

It's been something that I should have noticed!

He was leaving us a hint the entire time.

Oh, just like all serial killers, they want to be caught!

That's right.

Does he want to be caught, or does he just want to laugh at us?

And Bells are.

Bells are.

Church Bells.

Church Bells the place he's not allowed in.

One of the places he's not allowed in.

Bells, Bottoms, Trousers.

Something a vampire would not be seen in.

Trousers Bottoms the thing that cover our buttholes when we sit in chairs!

Chairs!

Bells.

Chairs Bells!

Of course!

He's a classic hypnotic slacks-hole vampire.

Ah, this son of a bitch.

You know what we gotta do?

Yeah, I do!

We gotta hunt this slacks-hole vampire.

We gotta drive a stake through his heart.

I know a guy who can help.

Gary Marshall.

My good friend Gary Marshall, he loves to hunt down mythical creatures.

The film director and monster hunter?

Yes!

Well, I know him mainly as a monster hunter, but you must know his work as a director.

Yeah, Young Doctors in Love.

Sure, great film.

Hilarious.

It's so good.

What he basically, and I'm just recounting a story he told me, he saw Airplay and said, I'll just do that.

But with Docs.

Right.

Yeah.

You know that, make a bunch of horrific jokes.

Classic send-up of a classic send-up.

Yeah.

We gotta hunt this guy down.

Should I call him?

Yeah.

Maybe I can get him on the line.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay, hold on.

Cody, Engineer Cody, can we call Gary Marshall for me?

Alright, here we go.

Alright, it's ringing.

It's ringing.

Oh!

Hello?

Hi!

Mr. Marshall?

Who?

Who's that?

Who's calling?

Hey, it's Scott Aukerman of Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, why?

I can't live my life.

I gotta have you calling me at home.

I'm sorry to interrupt you.

I'll bet you are.

Is Gilly there?

I'm not calling for her.

I'm not calling for Gilly.

Is Gilly there?

She's outside.

Okay.

She's watering geraniums!

Really?

You're living a life of leisure.

Eh, it's not bad.

I'm an old man.

These are the things in which I take pleasure.

Mr. Marshall, I- Please call me Gary!

Gary, I have a question for you.

Shoot!

Uh, I have a, uh, I found a monster.

What?

Where?

I'm sorry, I know that's not a question.

Uh, I found a monster isn't a question, but uh- It does demand a response.

It's me, John Hodgman, by the way.

I wasn't gonna call you on that.

I got excited about the monster part.

I wasn't hung up on the fact that a question and a statement are two different things.

Let me clarify, the monster is not John Hodgman.

So please don't kill John Hodgman if you ever see him.

John is just with me.

We're doing an episode right now.

With another friend of ours, Ice T. Ice, say hello.

Hey, what's up, Gary?

Please call me- Oh, you did.

But maybe, maybe he should call you Mr. Marshall.

Would you like that?

Should I call you Mr. Marshall?

All right!

What's this monster business?

You're kind of burying the lead!

Uh, do you know Richard Belzer?

Well, first of all, let me just explain.

I went to Yale.

Okay, go ahead.

Ooh!

Have you heard of- Pardon me, let me go put on my mortar board to take this phone call.

That's what people do when they learn I went to Yale.

They get all dressed up because they're so excited.

Well, do you know Richard Belzer, the actor?

The Belz!

I know him as the comedian.

Sure.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, you mainly know his comedy work.

Yeah, the comedy career.

Do you know that he's been on TV shows?

Uh, I think I heard something to that effect.

Yes, I wouldn't hire him, but, uh, you know, do what you like.

Have you- you've never seen one of his TV shows?

No.

Good, good.

That's good.

I don't think he's seen the spell yet.

Yeah, I think if you were a high john or IC, if we were to see Richard Belzer, we would be- we would have that spell and we would- We could immediately go into it.

That's right.

I mean, I've been in, like, a close proximity with this dude for years.

Yeah, yeah.

Do you think he was feasting on my blood?

I think he might be.

I think it's possible.

I think he- I wonder if he's been feasting on Coco's blood as well.

Hey!

Remember me?

Sorry, sorry.

The guy listening to you have a conversation?

Sorry, sorry, Mr. Marshall.

Please call me Gary.

Will do.

Will do, will do, will do. So Gary, Richard Belzer the comedian is a blood-sucking- how did you describe it, John?

A- a- Trouser hole.

A slacks hole- a hypnotic slacks hole vampire.

I knew it! Not the slacks hole part!

Here's the thing.

We suspect that Richard Belzer, for many years now, has been not appearing on television shows, but setting up a camera in his home or crypt or whatever against a green screen- It's gotta be a crypt, right?

He's got a green screen in his crypt.

I knew it!

Breaking, breaking into the broadcast signal the way that guy who was pretending to be Max Headroom did in Chicago in the 80s.

He is sending- And the real Max Headroom did in the dystopian future in which the Max Headroom- Of course, 15 minutes into the future.

And he is sending out a hypnotic message.

I don't know whether it's just- well it can be with his eyes because they're covered up by those glasses.

Yeah.

So maybe he's doing some mouth hypnosis or some hand signals that immediately put people into trances.

There's a lot of hand signals.

More than you think.

Yeah.

Well they do- They got beautiful hands.

They like to wave them around.

Long tapered fingers.

Oh yeah, you do.

That's why they're in such demand for sign language for, you know, when someone's giving a speech.

I've noticed that vampires traditionally are the sign language people.

Yeah, if it's a night speech, and you can hire a vampire to do the sign language because they're really excellent at it.

Although any department, Thor, where they have like somebody playing the piano, it's a vampire.

That's absolutely right.

No.

That's true.

I've never seen them during the day.

Those all-night department Thor.

Yep.

Right.

So, uh- They're the most nimble fingered children of the night.

Listen, there's a precedent for this.

This has happened before.

It's a terrible thing.

With where?

Please don't say Canadian match game.

I'd hate to be party to something like that.

I wish- I went to Yale after all.

It was hanging with Mr. Cooper.

Oh no.

Mr. Cooper himself?

That makes so much sense now.

The entire cast.

All vampires.

Oh, these sons of bitches.

They were finally destroyed by Carol O'Connor.

It was a nest.

Archie Bunker?

That's right.

So, is this where you got the love for hunting down monsters from Carol O'Connor?

Yeah, he made it look good, you know.

A lot of cool clothes, accessories.

It's like, that's for me.

Oh, he wore leathers?

Yeah, he wore like a long leather duster.

I remember there was those episodes where he was wearing those bandoliers full of wooden stakes.

That's right.

That was strange.

Remember one time Archie came home from driving his cab?

He hangs up his long leather duster by the door?

Yeah, and his crossbow with the silver arrows.

That's right.

That's really weird.

I forgot about that whole subtext.

Yeah, I think people just couldn't handle seeing it.

They blocked it out of their mind.

That was when sitcoms still engaged in social issues.

That's right, and the mothers-in-law.

Mr. Marshall, we want to hunt this guy down.

Do we follow your lead?

Do you want our help?

Guys, stay out of this.

This is too dangerous.

I'll handle this myself.

I think I better get involved.

I mean, I went to Yale.

All right.

I know these things.

I'll take this guy.

I'll tell you where to meet me.

Okay, good.

Go ahead.

Do you know Bel Air at all?

No, I'm not.

I'm not.

Oh, boy, oh, boy.

And you know what?

I'm not.

Can you text me a pin on an application?

Text?

What am I?

Robert Oppenheimer?

I am become death Robert Oppenheimer?

Yeah, that guy.

Destroyer of worlds.

No, I'm pretty sure you're not.

I apologize.

I'm being sarcastic.

I'll text, son.

Okay, I'll go.

I'll meet you wherever you need to go.

Meet me in Bel Air.

So what do I need to bring with me?

Your hard-working attitude.

Well?

A sense of fun.

Well, I got that.

And uh...

Singing voice?

Singing voice, a decent singing voice.

Like not good enough to get you in any sort of group, but uh, good enough that they feel bad for you and maybe they let you stand near them sometimes.

Ooh, check.

Mr. Marshall, may I call you Gary?

Please call me Gary.

Thank you, ghost.

Wait, are you a ghost?

No, because that adds some spookiness to it.

Well, you cut me to the quick, Mr. Marshall.

Shakespeare!

Ah!

Mark me!

Mark Twain!

Samuel Clemons!

Far gone, Leghorn!

My wife!

It's been a while since we've been on the phone!

Well, you guys have an important monster to hunt and kill.

That's true.

But wait a minute.

You really just want me to bring my hard-working attitude, my passable singing voice, and my love of fun?

Love of fun, yeah.

Yeah.

Um, maybe a rosary.

That's how we're gonna stake the bells?

I got all the hardware.

Don't worry about it.

Alright, alright.

I just need you to distract him so I can kill him.

Should I bring my straw boater and my fur coat and my penn ant?

Whatever makes you a more attractive target, yes.

Wait a minute.

Are you suggesting that I'm bait?

If you're inferring it, then I'm implying it.

What if he's not inferring it?

Even though...

Then come on and let's have some fun with this monster hunt !

Alright, well I would like to go to Paris.

Wait, your guys are gonna travel to...

Oh, that's right, because he's an expat in Paris.

That's right.

Oh my goodness.

This is exciting.

Alright, well, Mr. Marshall!

Yeah?

Mr. Marshall, I...

Mr. Marshall it is!

I like the sound of it sometimes!

Mr. Marshall, thank you so much...

Please call me Gary!

Ah, Gary.

Thanks so much for taking our call.

Goodbye!

Say hi to Gilly!

Oh, he hung up.

That's too bad.

He's an abrupt thought of fellow.

Do you think he really expects me to go meet him in Bel Air ?

I think that you better, yeah.

If we want to kill this monster.

I don't know.

You got time, like after this episode is done.

He's probably gonna nap too, for a while.

If I know him.

Do you know him?

I don't.

Am I gonna have to?

I'm saying if I did.

Like a fun scenario where I like to picture it.

Like an alternate universe?

Yeah.

Like Sliding Doors, my favorite fantasy movie!

That's not a fantasy movie!

Not a movie.

Of course it is!

Not called Sliding Doors.

It's about fantasy.

I guess, I mean.

I thought you were talking about sliders.

The Jerry O'Connell vehicle?

Vehicles, yep.

Or are you just talking about the hamburger?

Little of both.

It was a great name for a TV show about alternate realities , though, that's for sure.

Yeah, that's true.

How come on Slider they didn't eat Sliders?

Oh man, that would have been the greatest marketing to get into another reality.

Product placement.

Like when it was like Jerry O'Connell turns to Thala or whatever that guy's name was.

Like, hey, pay off some of them Sliders and then he's like, at once!

And then it's time to diarrhea ourselves into another dimension.

I read the original script and that's how they did it, but Jerry O'Connell didn't want to return to his size from Stand By Me.

Oh, that's right.

Because once you go fat, you never go back.

Once you leave fat, you never go bad.

21.

Great movie.

Great one.

Well guys, you have an important bait session.

I guess I better go.

Sounds a little weird.

No, it's an important bait session.

Yeah.

You better drink your main vein.

I mean, I hate to do this, but would one of you please say Skull and Bone so I can leave?

No, we can't do that yet because we have one last thing to do here on the show, which is of course a little segment that we call Plugs.

Well, we've bang banged away for another day.

That's awesome and closes the floor, but the Chuck talks, claims one more segment remains.

It's the plugs we've been all waiting for.

So when are you coming to my town?

What's the link to your online store?

Did you just write a book?

Can I get it for Nook?

Where can we hear you some more?

I hope that never ends.

Comedy, bang bang, comedy, bang bang, comedy, bang bang.

Aww.

Oh, I think I said something over his last thing, but I think he went plugs, which was nice.

That's the Plug Man by David F Bagley.

David F Bagley.

Nice, pretentious, middle, and nithole.

Right?

It's like a colon or like a not from Maine.

How come people don't put colon in the name?

It's me, not from Maine.

Guys, what do we have to plug?

We've talked about Jon Hodgman colon Ragnarok, but we haven 't talked about where people can see this.

They can see it on Netflix, which is a popular video streaming service that many people subscribe to.

As far as I know, the first season of comedy bang bang is streaming on that.

Oh, well, you know what?

I will check them both out because I can see them both for free with my subscription.

I don't have to pay extra.

Maybe you can see Tommy and the Cool Mule on Netflix.

I'd have to check if that's still running on Netflix.

I hope it is.

Five stars!

So that is streaming right now.

People can watch it right now.

They can watch it right now.

Would you suggest they just turn off this episode right now ?

No, I want to hear what Ice-T is doing and any other plugs that might be coming along.

And anything else happening in your life that you want to talk about?

I will be visiting some towns in the near future.

In September.

I need to remember where I'm going.

We can come back to you if you like.

Yes, if you don't mind.

Let me give me a moment to find myself.

Ice!

Ice baby.

Vanilla Ice.

I still love Coco.

Great.

Coming back.

Oh, that's a show.

Longer FVU I think.

It doesn't exist.

Not on the air anymore.

Well, it's not even a show.

Oh, that's right.

Why would I plug it?

It's just a scheme for vampires.

This is that hypnosis working on you.

It's really potent.

It is strong.

Also, I'd like to feed my plug time to somebody else's project.

I don't think we can do that.

Is this highly irregular?

Yeah, this has never happened before on the show and will never happen.

Can I?

Scott.

Yes.

Please, let me do this.

Wow, when you put it like that.

I mean, I'm taking my sunglasses off and I'm looking you right in the eye.

I've never seen your eyes before.

They're beautiful.

I, you know what?

I think you're a vampire.

I might be.

Like a beautiful green eyes.

You have beautiful yellowish rat-like eyes.

Well, I haven't flipped.

That are causing lulling me into submission here.

Yes, go ahead.

I object to the term rat-like.

I feel like that's an unfair characterization.

I meant the band.

Oh, sure.

Well, I take that as a compliment.

The singers of Round and Round.

That's right.

Of course.

Like a record.

July 8th through the 13th in London, England.

A country that invented the English language.

The comedian Paul F. Tompkins is going to be at the SoHo Theater.

He's bringing his show Crying and Driving back for another week.

He was just there.

All the shows sold out when he was there before.

He got four star reviews from every paper.

Out of how many stars?

A hundred?

No, out of four.

What?

Maybe five.

Okay.

Still, four is pretty good.

So he's coming back July 8th through the 13th.

Tickets on sale now.

How did it, I mean, what is that?

Like PaulFTompkins.co.uk?

Paul, no, you can get to it from any country on earth.

What?

PaulFTompkins.com, you know, American style, forward slash live.

Oh, live.

All right.

I like the way you say that.

Wow.

And I'm sure if you're in England as well, there must be other places you can get the tickets, other websites.

You can go to the SoHo Theater website.

Knock on the door any time of day.

You could go roll right up to that box office.

Play box office.

Yeah, it's fun.

Get the kids out there.

Make a day of it with your family and your English children .

Hey kids, we're going to have a nice outside game of box office today.

Pip pip, get your adorable uniforms on.

Cheerio.

It's going to be the most realistic game of box office ever .

Wow.

Well, that's fantastic.

Is that the only thing that you want to plug?

Um, yeah.

Okay, great.

We're going to come back to Jon here once he gets his dates .

Sure.

Okay.

I want to, yes.

I do want to plug one more thing.

Uh oh.

You know this podcast called the Dead Authors Podcast?

I've heard of it.

I think I may have even listened to one episode with Ben Franklin.

That's right.

That was a good one.

Wait, that was you.

What do you mean?

It's funny people pretending to be characters or whatever, like authors.

And then this guy, Jon Hodgeman, did one too.

He was Ayn Rand.

Ayn Rand!

That sounds amazing.

The famous objectivist, philosopher, and best-selling novelist, Ayn Rand.

Okay.

I would love to hear that.

Give it a lift and check it out.

Give it a whirl.

Whirl.

No?

Okay.

Uh, I want to plug, of course I talked about it at the beginning of the show, go check out that episode.

It's up for free right now.

You can get it on iTunes.

Um, and also the CBB season two pass is available for purchase starting today.

So if you guys are just going to buy it, um, uh, you know, a year before it comes out on Netflix.

Willy nilly.

Right.

Yeah, I mean, don't be willy nilly about it.

Really consider this purchase.

It's about $20 or, or so, but it's available now.

Thank you so much.

You're welcome.

Uh, and, uh, watch that free episode on IFC.com.

Wait, $20?

Maybe it might be 40.

Sold!

We did 20 episodes.

Now the season pass, that means you can watch it on a device, right?

You can watch it as they're released.

So the day after each episode comes out, you own it on iTunes.

Automatic downloads.

iTunes, iPhone, IFC.

I don't know anymore.

Um, Hulu and YouTube also are out there.

That's the Sarah Silverman episode along with Joe Letrulio and Adam Devine.

And uh, I want to plug a live date.

I next week, a week from this Wednesday on July, no, it's sorry.

It's not next week.

It is July 17th.

It's two weeks from Wednesday, July 17th, San Diego Comic- Con.

I'll be doing a live show at the House of Blues.

Oh boy.

The 17th, July 17th for Comic-Con.

One fortnight.

That's right.

In two weeks and two days.

Dressed as Deadpool.

Uh, yes, I will be dressed as him.

Or her.

No, well, no, we know as I go.

Sorry, sorry.

It's pretty well known, I see.

Uh, so come out.

I'll have special guests.

That's on July 17th, the Wednesday night of Comic-Con.

Come out and see me.

Come out and come up and see me sometime.

What?

Come on and see me, hemisphere.

23th canoe, my little chickadee.

And of course, July 12th, season two of Comedy Bang Bang premieres.

Please check it out and tweet about it.

Leave comments about it.

All that stuff helps.

Networks pay attention to tweets now.

Almost even more than they do ratings.

Still ignoring Vine.

Uh, Jon, did you get those dates?

Oh yes, I did.

Thank you very much.

What character is this?

It's me, not from Maine.

I thought it was like the army recruit who's got plug.

Sir, yes sir!

Sir, I'm a worthless maggot, sir.

It is far away in the future, sir.

But in September, I'll be at the Rex Theater in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

That will be September 6th.

You ever been to Pennsylvania?

Pennsylvania?

Yeah.

I went to Hershey, Pennsylvania once.

Did you?

Will this be anything like that?

That's where I grew up, in a dilapidated house.

That's true.

That's right.

Spoilers!

What?

A prostitute gave you a chocolate bar.

No, that's not what I'm talking about.

You were at Hershey, Pennsylvania?

Yeah.

Well hang on.

Will your show be anything like my trip to Hershey, Pennsylvania?

It's going to be extremely similar.

Okay, great.

I'm looking forward to that.

It's actually John Hodgman as Scott Aukerman in A Trip to Hershey.

You know, when I went there, I was very disappointed, I have to say, because they didn't give us candy.

You went into the...

I figured you go on that tour...

You had to buy candy just like on the rest of...

I thought it would be like Charlie H. and the Chocolate Family.

Yeah, you go on the tour, I figured they would go, hey, you know, we've been talking about it, why don't you eat some of it?

Right.

But no, they dump you into this...

Great tour guide character, though, by the way.

Thank you so much.

Hey, we've been talking about this all day, and frankly, I think we've got to eat some.

I'm kind of like the Vlasic Pickles stork.

Who is also kind of like Groucho Marx.

Exactly.

No, they dump you into a gift shop, and then you have to buy candy full price.

Full price?

Not even half off.

Hey, shit, how much are they saving on shipping just to get it in there?

Exactly.

This is the problem today with Barack Hussein, Obamacare...

But wait a minute, you guys are riding a boat and see a movie of like a worm crawling over somebody's lip.

No, that'll happen, yeah, of course.

There's no earthly way of knowing.

Yeah, I know.

Mr. Hershey sang that.

Yeah.

Mr. Hershey.

So you'll be there in Pennsylvania.

So anyway, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where I've never...

I've been to Pennsylvania many times, but I've never been to Pittsburgh.

Really?

I've always wanted to go to that city, and I'm going to go there.

September the 6th.

I'm sorry.

Tickets are available on johnhodgman.com.

You've always wanted to go there?

I have.

It is a funny...

It's a fun name.

Ever since that Google Street View prank that the arts people of Pittsburgh pulled, you don't remember this?

Refresh my memory.

They did a whole art project, Ice-T.

Those two guys?

The whole arts community of Pittsburgh got together and staged a LARP fight, a marching band, a couple of crime scenes, all down one street where they knew that the Google Street View fan was going by.

They knew that the inside information that this guy was going to go by and tell you.

Edward Snowden.

Ice-T.

What were you going to call me?

I can't...

Well, you know what?

Honorary Whiffenpoose.

Think alike.

That's right.

That's so nice.

It was ever thus.

Is that your only date you want to plug?

Well, I will say I will be also in Iowa City later in that month of September, and in Madison, Wisconsin, even later that month in September.

All those dates and things, johnhodgman.com.

Please listen to the Judge John Hodgman Podcast available on podcast.

That is okay.

And that's...

Let's close up the old Plugbag.

What do you say?

Closing up the Plugbag.

Ding dong, ding dong, ding dong, ding dong.

Closing up the Plugbag.

Ding dong, ding dong, ding dong, ding dong.

Dose it up, close it up, close it up, close it up.

Caw, caw.

Sorry.

Law & Order remix.

I don't think it's going to take five.

What?

Because it's not a real show?

It's not a real show.

It doesn't exist.

Sorry.

No poll.

All right, guys.

That's it for this week.

I'm your host, John Hodgman.
