---
layout: page
title: 229. Ben Schwartz, Paul F. Tompkins [20117⧸21115].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Hey, it's Premiere Week for the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

This is the first of two episodes this week.

Our old friend Ben Schwartz is with us from Parks and Recreation and House of Pies.

And our good friend, the film director Werner Herzog is with us.

All of that and more all on today's...

♪♪♪ Two heads are better than one, but you end up spending twice as much on haircuts.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

April Fools Rebel.

Boy, you got a million of them.

Thanks, buddy.

Ah...

April Fools, I have a better joke at home that I did not send.

You know who that is.

Um, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

I am your host with the most?

No?

Okay.

Um, our guests are shaking their heads no.

With the least?

Yeah!

Oh, dear.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, the podcast.

Uh, Scott Aukerman, I already said that.

Hollywood Days, it's a scorcher.

That is the weather report.

Tune in every week for the Comedy Bang Bang weather report.

And you can hear how the weather was on the particular day we taped this episode.

It's always a scorcher.

Yeah, spoiler alert this summer.

Always a scorcher.

Gonna be a scorcher out there on the tens.

Um, let me just say, this is a special week.

This is the first of two episodes.

We'll have another buh buh buh buh buh bonus.

So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so duh duh duh duh duh duh.

Um, on Thursday.

King speech plug!

And, uh, this is a special week.

This is premiere week for the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

What does that mean you're saying?

Okay, you've seen episode eight, which we leaked online, uh , earlier about two weeks ago.

You've seen it.

Okay.

That had Sarah Silverman on, Joe LoTrulio, Adam Devine.

You've seen that already, but you're like, okay, what do you make one episode of a TV show and then you stop?

Do you?

No, that wouldn't be economical.

Think of all the startup money you would have to put into it.

And then just to stop.

Why would we do that?

So instead, what we did is we made 20 of these damn things, we're putting them on the air.

At one time, like Netflix?

No, no, no, no.

We're actually airing them all simultaneously on top of each other on one TV station.

Smart.

And you'll see how surprisingly similar they all are.

That's what I did with Cheers.

It was all the same episode.

See exactly how Carla is sassy at the exact same time.

There was no audio problems.

It worked perfect from beginning to end.

Um, no, of course.

Our season starts this Friday, July 12th, IFC 10 PM comedy, bang, bang 20 episodes.

We're doing it.

Um, I don't know who that was.

Oh, well, we have an open door policy here on the show and he was doing it.

Hey, when is our comedy bang bang?

We're doing it.

Oh, we're doing it?

Okay.

Um, we have a special show this Tuesday, our season premiere.

We have Andy Samberg is our special guest on the couch.

Whoa.

Amazing episode.

Right there already.

Yeah.

I'm tuning in.

I'd watch.

And then I turn it off the minute it was over and not watch whatever followed it.

Okay.

Yeah.

That's all matters.

But then add to that.

Uh, we have, uh, Jordan Peele from Keenan Peele.

Yes.

He's one of our character guests.

We have, uh, Lance Reddick from the wire and fringe and lost and the tour de France.

Right?

What?

Lance.

Oh, different guy.

Sorry.

You're thinking of Lance Bass.

I'm thinking of.

Uh, we have Selma Blair from anger management.

Yeah.

Uh, just recently off the show.

Yeah.

But she was a, and I have to say, she's great on our show.

Great.

A pleasure to work with.

She's a series regular on your show.

Yeah.

I, yeah.

If you only watch one episode, uh, we have Doug Benson, Chelsea, Paretti, Adam Pally.

On the same show?

On the same episode.

How is that possible?

I don't even know.

Tune into it guys.

And so is there nothing on any of the other episodes?

There's nothing on any other channel.

We have all the stars on at one time.

Uh, and, uh, that's all this Friday, July 12th, 10 PM.

It's it's a special week.

We're very excited to show you what we've been cooking up all year.

And, um, this is the first episode and we're very proud of it.

We're proud of the whole season.

And, and speaking of the whole season and holes in general, um, he has a butthole as far as I know, so it's a great segue.

Well, let's see where it goes.

Who are you talking about?

Of course I'm talking about my guests to my left.

You're going to need a different segue.

Not all of us have buttholes.

All right, hold on.

Hold on.

Let me think.

Let me think about this.

Comedy bang bang.

Um, comedy bang bang.

Now that is a television program, but it's not a movie, but a catchphrase from a movie is may the Schwartz be with you.

I've heard of that, but may the Schwartz be with us.

Please welcome Ben Schwartz.

Ben Schwartz is with us.

Yay.

How is everybody?

How are you Ben?

I'm doing very well.

Sorry for talking at the beginning part.

I couldn't hold back.

No, I love it.

Uh, and speaking of the television show, you're on the television show.

Comedy bang bang.

Yes, I am.

You're on the third episode.

And there's a promo picture already of me and Anna Kendrick on the internet.

You were on the episode with Anna Kendrick and who was a pleasure to be around.

She was so sweet.

Very funny.

So she was a big fan of the show and she was the first star to RSVP and asked to be on the show.

Yes, she was.

That's amazing.

It was like we put out the response and she was the first one to come back to us and made us go, this is going to be a good season.

Can I ask you a question that I know the answer to?

No, I don't think so.

Okay, cool.

Let's introduce our next guest.

By the way, from, from this moment on, we don't have to ask each other if we can ask questions.

We can just ask these questions.

Okay.

Can I ask you?

Oh shit.

Um, just ask, ask away.

Yeah.

What's uh, can I, can I ask you, just give me permission.

All right, go ahead and ask.

I don't know anymore.

What did you know?

The answer was, what was the, what was the, I think I do know the answer cause I talked to Kalapi a little bit.

Who is the person you're most excited to have as a guest on your show?

I've talked about it in the press, but I think the Pee Wee Herman episode was very, very special.

I just saw, saw it the other day.

The, uh, it's great.

It's, I'm very, very pleased with it.

It's very, very special episode.

Okay.

I'm very excited about that one, but that's a little later in the season, but Benny Schwartz is coming up third.

Oh really?

Yeah.

You're the third episode.

Oh, okay.

Bat and fucking three.

And that's a one of IFC's favorite episodes.

Of course it is.

Anna Kendrick.

No, you're very funny in it.

They said, who's that guy?

Oh really?

Yeah, that's straight from the, uh, and then straight from the head of IFC.

Oh, who's that guy?

Um, Ben Schwartz, we all know from, here we go.

Hit him with your resume.

So you don't, you didn't do any rice.

You did no research.

I mean, I know you're on a parks and recreation occasionally.

And then, uh, that show that's based on the diner.

I'm going to stop you.

No, no, no.

I'm gonna stop you every single time on the show.

You say it incorrectly to the point of now I get tweets all the time.

It's calling my show house of pies.

Wait.

That's not it.

Straight off the bat.

What diner is it based on?

And then one time you didn't even, you didn't even purposely make a mistake.

We called it shameless a couple of times.

You have no idea what my show is called.

Well, look, it's not on basic cable, right?

No, it's not on base.

Well, that neither is IFC.

I have seen his, I mean, maybe you pay for it, but it's sort of basic cable.

It's kind of basic.

It's a little higher tier, but not as high as what's your show on stars.

Oh God.

It's on Showtime.

It's right after shameless.

It's called.

Hit him with it.

Shameful.

Nope.

One more time.

House of shame.

Nope.

The blame game.

I'm going to take you through it to say with me.

Ready?

Shame game.

Blame.

Look at my lips.

How are you?

No, no, it's not called.

How are you?

Who was that show that lasted a couple of episodes?

That was like, it was like, they walked through a door that America was popular overseas in America.

Do you remember Jason Alexander?

We don't walk through doors on this show.

It was thank God you're here.

It was called thank God you're here.

Who is that?

Who is this?

Is that Dracula?

Dracula.

It sounds like Dracula.

No, this is our good friend Werner Herzog is on the show.

Director extraordinaire actor from Jack Reacher.

We talked about that the last time you were on the show.

You were in Jack Reacher?

I played the one eyed, one fingered villain in the Jack Re acher.

Is that true?

Wait, one finger missing or one finger on his head?

He had one finger remaining pretty much.

No spoilers.

Was it the finger?

You know what I'm talking about?

Was he flipping people, the bird all the time?

Sadly, no, you would.

I, that was a source of great debate between myself and the special effects department who were between the special effects department, not the director.

Right.

They're in charge of these decisions.

Prop master.

You're talking about the green screen guy.

Yes.

The director was forbidden to direct me as I am also a director.

Oh, that's how it works.

It cancels itself out.

Yeah.

That's also why I kept my acting to a minimum.

Yeah.

That makes sense.

Makes sense.

I wanted to, as they were green screening my fingers.

I wanted to keep the middle.

So you just wore green tape over the other fingers?

It was just that simple.

Or was it a green mitten that you cut one finger off of?

That's a better idea.

I wish we had done that because the glue, I had an allergic reaction to the glue from the tape, from the green screen tape.

So your fingers then really turned green.

They, they turned green and swelled to an enormous size.

How did you know though, if you couldn't see them any longer because they were, they had green tape around them?

Not sure if you understand how green screen works.

Well, I don't know.

Maybe I do, maybe I don't.

Let's let the listeners be the judge.

Some of the scenes you like don't have fingers.

Then some of the scenes, your fingers are little tiny dinosaurs or whatever the green screen guy wants to do.

That is true.

I am at the mercy of the green screener.

Yeah.

Now I didn't see this movie.

Oh, but what, what finger did I end up being?

Why didn't he see it?

Yes.

That's my, may I ask you a question?

Please.

We don't need to ask each other if we can ask these.

Why did you not see the film Jack Reacher?

Well, it wasn't an inconvenient time for me.

I believe it opened on Christmas day.

Can we, for a second, take a breath?

Verna Herzog just asked you why you didn't see Jack Reacher .

That's crazy.

It is random podcast.

Things like that happened in the show.

If you're listening to the show for the first time, maybe you're interested because you saw the TV show.

We have celebrities on like Ben Schwartz and Verna Herzog, you know, and they, they, I mean, I don't know.

They, you wouldn't think that they would mix so well together, but these guys seem to be getting along.

What we share in common, I think is an inquisitive nature.

Yeah, that's true.

A relentless thirst for the truth.

It's true.

Honestly, he's right.

You're laughing.

Is that why you come on this show is to get at the truth?

Yes.

What kind of car do you drive?

Is it like a Prius?

A earth conscious car?

I drive it.

No, he hates nature.

I hate nature.

So I drive, I drive it.

It's called a Humvee limo.

It's called a Humsculate.

It's a Humvee and an Escalade.

Two of them.

They have been sawn in half and then welded together.

Wait, not the back half and the front half.

It's just literally the right half and the left half.

Exactly.

Yes.

Oh my goodness.

It takes up a street and a half.

So what, where do you drive?

Not many places, sadly, but when I do, everyone knows about it.

Yeah, I'm sure.

Um, Vernor, what finger did we get to the bottom of this?

Uh, I had, uh, the thumb and the index finger on, uh, my left hand.

Uh, so I could count to two European style.

Smart.

Good.

Yeah.

You can also point at people and you can do a gun, but a bad improv gun.

I could point at people.

I could do a bad improv gun.

I was, uh, prevented from doing an improvisation phone.

Uh, I, I could do a Bill Clinton.

A little harder though.

I don't know.

Okay.

I'm going to try to practice this.

Okay.

I don't ever think, Oh yeah.

Oh, it works.

Yeah, I guess it works.

I did not have sexual relations.

That's good.

You could thumb wrestle, but like your base would be very weak.

We've your base would be frail, but with thumb wrestling, I had to rely, uh, very much on my forearm strength and the kindness of strangers as illustrated in the play, a street car named desire.

Yeah.

Blanche.

You say you were Blanche de Bois.

You were trying in this movie.

It sounds like you had a scene where you wanted to improv where you were like, call me.

And what was it that didn't make sense?

So essentially what does the scene you're, you're taking on Tom cruise, Thomas Cruz.

There are many scenes.

Uh, uh, we do not meet until the end of the film after my character.

Spoiler alert.

Yes.

A spoiler alert.

But, uh, at the end of Jack Reacher, uh, my, my character has been injured.

Uh, there is a, a, a scene between myself and Tom cruise where, uh, um, I don't know.

I guess I sum everything up.

Do you remember anything about this movie?

I mean, you must have shot it was, it was very forgettable.

It, it, it was a strange thing to be in a movie and be forgetting it.

Yeah.

And then you said your lines all of a sudden you'd have to memorize them again.

Sometimes I would, uh, after a take, uh, say, how did I get here?

Yeah.

And they would roll on that, right?

A lot of your takes you say, how did I get here?

I do remember the blooper reel, which was a lot of fun.

Yeah.

The ramp party.

Well, you also said everybody on set was like family.

Yes.

We were quite a close group.

Yeah.

You said that.

Yes.

So that you guys did not care for it.

Yes.

But we became like a family.

That's what you said.

Right.

I said that to be fair.

I do not know if I cared for it or not because I forgot a great deal about it.

Well, now I remember us talking about it before it came out and, um, you inverted, we were talking a lot about it on the last time you were on this show.

And you were talking about how your villain was, was constantly preventing Jack Reacher from reaching for the things that he needed to reach for.

Can we take a scene?

I'm going to play Jack Reacher.

Can we do one of the famous scenes, please?

Of course.

Give me my gun.

I just got to get it here.

Get for it.

Get it.

It's over here.

I can get, oh, sorry.

It's over here now.

Just give me that.

I might.

I'm so clumsy.

I kicked your gun over there.

Just let me reach for it.

Just reach for it.

Go right.

Okay.

It's just, it just went.

What is wrong with me today?

So your character was not really evil.

He was just clumsy.

He was constantly kicking.

No, he, he's, his clumsiness was a mask that he assumed to make people think he was an oaf.

That's correct.

Like adult, a goofball.

Right?

Well, a goofball adult, a looney tune, right?

What else?

Get you a rubber room.

A screw plus a ball.

A cuckoo brains.

Get it.

I got it.

A cuckoo brains.

One thing I was disappointed when I saw the premiere at the end of the film.

The only part I could remember is that they did not use my suggestion, which was.

At the very end of the film.

Sure.

You see the hand of Jack Reacher come up to the top of the screen and he reaches up and then pulls down the screen as if it's a window shade .

And by the way, I can't believe that he didn't use this, the toothbrush sponsor reach, because he could have put that in throughout the whole thing.

Just brushing with that reach toothbrush.

I was surprised that they didn't use my suggestion and I didn't see the film, but they called to tell me they did not use it.

Yeah.

Uh, because your character, spoiler alert, dies at the end.

I was surprised they didn't go to your grave and all of a sudden your two, your one finger and thumbed hand comes bursting out of the earth .

As a tribute to the film Carrie.

Yeah.

Of course.

And also as a tribute to Adam Scott's, uh, uh, what was that movie with the guy with the dick?

Piranha 3d boogie nights.

Oh, you're talking about Adam Scott and boogie nights.

Last time he was on this program.

I think he said, dude, what's that movie with the guy with the dick?

Oh no, maybe that was Harris though.

And then Adam, anyway, and you go back through the resources.

Get through this, get through this.

This is what the audience wants to hear.

Oh boy.

You're getting old.

What did, what did I want to ask you?

No.

Uh, you did get to riff.

You told me before the show started, uh, because.

How long were you guys talking before the show?

You were late.

What am I supposed to do?

Just sit here and stare at this guy.

You did tell me to be fair.

I was up for sitting and staring.

And then why didn't you do it?

Scotty Scott was uncomfortable.

Nervous.

I'm uncomfortable with silence.

How many times in the movie did you do the funds?

Like, Hey, and put your thumb up.

That's what I was going to ask is, is you did get to riff the who has two thumbs?

No little else.

This guy.

Yes.

You sound like a gay Dracula.

Now you sound more like Dracula than I do.

I don't know.

You do.

That was wrong.

Wait, what is it?

Who has two thumbs?

Who has two thumbs and that's pretty much it.

Hand wise.

And then I would indicate to myself with my thumbs.

And would you say this guy?

I would say it.

Get me through it.

I really want to hear it.

I would hear the whole thing.

It would go like this.

Wait, we're looking for the killer.

Who is the killer?

Well, I'll tell you who around here has two thumbs, but a very little else going on.

Hand wise.

I am such a man.

Listen, I indicate with those aforementioned thumbs.

Yeah, that's really funny.

Powerful scene.

My gosh.

When you come to America, does it become Werner?

It is.

When you pull on Eddie Murphy and you're coming to America.

That is you're saying it.

Is that true?

So over there, is it Warner Brothers?

It is.

It is the same in both countries.

I do not understand.

Oh, do we pronounce it?

Wouldn't it be Warner as like Warner?

Yes.

Like Warren Sapp.

Like where is the Warren?

So where is Werner Herzig?

Where is foreign sap?

Oh, I bet you get dizzy if you do it for too long.

Where is the world?

It seems as if you added some extraneous W's.

When do we start recording?

Because obviously this isn't a podcast.

This is going to be good.

No, no, of course.

I'm dizzy a lot.

Yeah.

Ben and Werner.

Something to be concerned about.

I am a lot.

I wonder what that is.

Ben and Werner, which of you guys wants to answer this first?

What are you up to now?

Werner.

These days I am making a journal of my experience in film.

I'm going back over the things that I have written and it's difficult because over a lifetime of making movies there is a lot to remember.

Also in my journals I write in a sort of microscopic size that is very difficult to read.

But you could fill up more of a page.

Exactly.

I'm very thrifty when it comes to moleskin notebooks.

But at the same time you have a car that's half Escalade half Hummer.

That's true because it damages the earth.

But I would think that moleskins, if you bought several of them, it would damage trees.

Yeah, get a lot of paper.

Well, that's another problem is that I don't like the moles kin prices.

But I don't like the price point.

I don't like the price point for what you get.

Yes.

But also what makes it difficult to go back over my journals is that my hatred of the earth causes me to rip out the pages when they are full and just throw them on the ground.

And you'd forget them instantly after you've written them.

Yes, I'm retracing my steps to retrieve many of the pages.

It's like Memento.

It's like a weird version of Memento.

You've never seen it because you didn't direct it.

Memento was pretty weird.

Yes, I'm like Prince.

I only watch the movies that I direct.

Prince only watches the movies he directs?

Is that true?

No, he only directed Under the Cherry Moon, I believe.

Is that true?

Maybe Graffiti Bridge?

He didn't direct Purple Rain.

Who directed Purple Rain?

Didn't Prince direct one of the Bourne films?

It was Ultimatum.

Ultimatum.

He directed Ultimatum.

Directed by Prince.

Yep.

Bourne Ultimatum directed by Prince.

Oh my God, I can't imagine that.

What, uh, Ben, do you have a girlfriend?

No, no, no.

Okay.

I just, I always have to check in on your dating life.

I, who knows?

Who knows?

The answer is who knows?

Boy, you keep it close to the vest.

I do.

I do keep that stuff really private.

Or as they say in, uh, The Dark Knight.

Wait, why do you ask him what's he up to?

And then you ask me if I have a girlfriend.

I don't know.

I just like to check in with you.

You know, I like to see a bit of fans at the show are interested in your dating life.

Is that safe to say?

Is that true?

Yeah.

People are always talking about you and Emmy Rossum.

You guys should get together.

But I've never dated him.

I've never done anything.

Back to back.

We're back to back in TV shows.

That's why you asked if I had a girlfriend.

You thought I was, I was doing things with Emmy Rossum.

You have two backs.

Why don't you make that beast with two backs?

You have one back.

You're back to back.

I guess that's taken up both spaces.

Wait, you only, you share a back?

Yeah.

Me and Emmy.

Oh my God.

I've said too much.

Oh my God.

I've said too much.

What if she won an Emmy?

That'd be funny.

That'd be, that'd be so fun.

Ever.

I bet everyone would laugh for a minute.

They said, ladies and gentlemen, and the winner is Emmy Rossum.

Everyone just go, ah, what happens if you was playing Emmy, Lou Harris in a movie, in a TV show, the movie.

That would be, oh, that's the triplicate dream team.

Can everybody tweet at you that's interested in my dating life?

Yeah, they should.

They definitely should.

Do you, do we need to set you up on dates?

No, no, no, no.

I don't need to be set up on dates.

I'm good right now.

I beg your pardon.

Ben, were you asking, would everyone do this or are they able to do this?

Are they able?

Cause right now I'm, most of the characters I know have two fingers.

So essentially it's going to be hard for them to do anything.

They have thumb and a pointer finger.

The half the people in this room and your character had a thumb and a pointer finger.

It's true.

So it's like half the people in this room have that attribute.

No, I mean, Verder Herzog does not in his real life.

I mean, obviously you're looking right at his hands.

He's holding them together.

All kinds of fingers, including who has two thumbs and all his fingers.

Uh, this guy, you can't do it.

An example of a man that you're speaking of.

Yeah.

You can't see he's indicating with both of his thumbs.

I have all of my thumbs and fingers.

And in addition, I have a, the finger of a Klaus Kinski in my vest pocket, which I keep always.

So you have three thumbs?

Yes.

God.

What do you do with the third thumb usually?

I just keep it close to me as a lucky charm, a talisman against evil.

Have you ever eaten lucky charms?

Several times today.

Thank you, buddy.

That was really, that was a great, great question.

I enjoy how unnatural the marshmallows taste.

So unearthly, so unenvironmentally.

A lot of people call them marshmallows.

Yeah.

What do you say?

Mallows.

How is the word spelled?

I believe it's Malo, but everyone I know just says marshm allows.

Well, it's nice to meet you.

Not me.

You haven't asked me how I said, how do you say it, Ben?

What the word?

Marshmallow.

I got it.

No problem.

A marshmellow.

Boy, you pronounce it a really weird way.

No.

Hey man.

Do you want to make s'mores?

I got the chocolate.

I got the graham crackers.

I got the marshmallow.

Marshmallows.

This is your heritage.

Oh, do you want to know?

For real?

I do.

Yeah.

Uh, I am, I live in Tugusta Galpa, which is the capital of Honduras.

And, uh, but my mom is German.

Oh, okay.

I, my dad is Slovakian.

I get it.

And my dog is from Germany.

What kind of dog?

A shepherd?

No, it's an Australian Shepherd.

What?

Mushmood.

So Werner, are you dating anyone?

That's what all of my listeners want to know.

Um, I am prevented from, uh, dating.

Um, because I have been married for many years, but, uh, uh , I am permitted to have Googling yourself.

Werner, much casual sex as I please.

Oh, can you take me through your sexual processes?

Uh, yes.

I'm going to be a woman.

You talked to her to me.

All right.

Get me in bed and then tell me what you want to do to me.

You ready?

Werner?

Oh my God.

I love your work so much.

Thank you very much.

Have you noticed how bleak the world is?

And, uh, we are all in a vortex of despair.

I guess.

Yeah.

I mean, this morning I couldn't even get into soul cycle.

Congratulations.

You're pregnant.

What?

Wait.

Oh my God.

You said keeping it cash.

That was cash.

That's cash for you.

You're pregnant.

So not only have you had sex with her in that time, you've also impregnated her and she's months along.

Yes.

Now, hold on a second.

You create life.

Then you create nature.

That's a big part of nature.

Well, it is the downfall of humans is that they perpetuate the cycle of nature.

What's your least favorite thing about nature?

Would you say lakes?

Yeah.

No, I get it.

That's a normal thing.

They're a lot to take.

They're gross.

What's the point of having water if you're not gonna have a ton of it?

It's a big stagnant pond filled with snakes and disease and algae and algae.

And you can keep it.

A couple of mushmaddies.

What do you, so is, would you say Minnesota is your, uh, least favorite state?

It is the land of 1000 things I hate.

What about the five great things you hate?

I think they are the five worst.

All right.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we will be right back with Benny S.

You forgot my name.

No, I didn't.

I was going to say my full name.

I was.

Ben Benjamin.

How do you pronounce it?

I don't even know.

Benjamin.

What's my last name?

Schwoz.

Oh, God.

Swiss.

We'll be back.

We'll be back with Ben Schwoz.

And Werner Herzog.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back with Werner Herzog and Benny Schwoz.

And, um, what is your favorite movie, Werner?

Oh, good question.

That's not your own.

That's not my own.

Um, that's not by Prince either.

Oh, nice.

That narrows things down by 95%.

Um, probably.

Freddy got fingered.

Herbie Goes Bananas.

Is that the sequel to Herbie the Fully Loaded?

That's this is a, this is the original Herbie series.

Oh, yes.

How many films in that series?

Four.

OK.

And let's name them.

Of course, Herbie the Love Bug.

Herbie the Love Bug.

Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo.

Monte Carlo, yes.

Herbie Goes Bananas.

Yes.

And then?

Herbie Portrait of a Serial Killer.

Can I tell you my favorite series?

Yeah, please.

Have you guys seen them or no?

You guys seen Back to the Future one, two, and three?

Have you seen the ones after it?

Like episode four, five, and six?

No, I didn't know that they did.

Have you, Werner?

I've heard of them, but I have not seen them.

So there's like, I guess this joke doesn't work with that because I don't have titles after it.

So they're called Back to the Future Five.

Is the fourth one.

And then Back to the Future Eight.

Yeah, it's all fucked up.

And that's why, yeah.

And then my favorite one is Back to the Future Six, Down and Dirty, Havana Nights.

So they go down to Cuba.

They do.

Well, they go down to Cuba, but it's really long time ago.

So it was not illegal to?

No, it was like dinosaurs were there dancing.

Oh, dancing?

Yeah.

Oh, I didn't know that dinosaurs danced.

They didn't cover that in the Jurassic Park movie.

It is why they are extinct.

That's why.

They focused too much on their dancing.

Yeah.

And they all developed eating disorders.

Yep, they were all caring about goodbyes.

No one had practical jobs.

That's right.

They wanted to be artists.

They were a very jealous group of lizards who envied one another, and they developed the mental strain of competition.

They all wanted to be the lead in the recitals, and only one could.

It's true.

Only one could be the Black Swan.

Yes.

Wow, interesting.

Or I guess a black dinosaur.

Did you almost yawn while you said that, by the way?

You know what song's on my head right now?

What's that?

Am I allowed to sing or copyright infringement?

I mean, I'll bust you for it, but go ahead and sing.

It's from a musical.

OK, great.

OK, I'm going to sing the very beginning of it.

You tell me what it is.

Don't cry for me.

That's what it was.

Was it?

No.

It was this.

Ready?

It goes, pour all my life.

I've always been poor.

And he tells me, gee, I'm not sure.

Sleep that floor kid.

Eat that floor kid.

I did say eat that floor kid.

I started life as an orphan.

A child of the streets.

Down on Skid Row.

He took me in, gave me shelter, bed, crust of bread, and a job.

Treats me like dirt, calls me a slob, which I am.

So I live downtown.

That's your home address.

You live downtown.

When your life's a mess, you live downtown.

Where depression's just status quo.

Down on Skid Row.

Someone tell me a way to get out of here.

Because I constantly pray.

I'll get out of here.

Won't somebody please say I'll get out of here.

Someone call Lady Luck.

Because I'm stuck here.

Downtown.

I'll get up and well and get out of here.

You live downtown.

When I get scared, my back can get out of here.

You live downtown.

Talking murder and then I'll get out of Skid.

Everybody to get out of Skid.

Downtown.

When you got to get out of Skid Row.

♪♪♪ Here we go now.

Star Wars.

Star Wars Band Now.

Star Wars.

Star Wars Big Jump Game Player.

Star Wars.

Just murder.

Wow.

OK.

So, wait.

Have you heard that song before?

I've never heard that song before.

Copyright infringement is not a concern.

I guess not.

No, I've never heard that before.

What's that from?

It's from Little Shop of Horrors.

That's crazy.

You knew all the words and you never heard it before?

I was just following your lead, man.

That's how good you are.

But we even harmonized and did the two-part part.

I did not notice.

I can't wait to hear this episode.

I'm going to listen to that part.

I don't know that you demonstrated that you knew all the words.

It verged on the Fred Armisen, Kristen Wiig segment of We Can Update.

Nor that we can harmonize.

We didn't prove any of the things I said in that sentence.

Good song, though.

Great, right?

I enjoyed what I heard of it.

I watched it this morning on YouTube for some reason.

Why don't you watch it on your TV like a normal human being ?

Because I don't own it on my TV.

What?

You don't have a TV?

That is the medium in which you work.

I have a TV.

I don't have that CD, nor that DVD.

What prompted you to seek it out on the internet?

What happened this morning?

This morning I was...

Were you looking up little shops on the internet?

No, what was it?

Did you have a horror...

I was with somebody.

This morning I was with somebody and then we were...

Ooh, the morning, eh?

Morning, guys.

Walk of shame.

You don't know what a walk of shame is if I'm with somebody .

If you got a coffee with someone, it's a walk of shame.

You get like a nice frappuccino.

Yeah, walk of shame.

What did I...

It's a little lemon there.

The most shameful beverage.

What led you to this?

I don't know.

I think I Googled or I YouTubed something else and it led to this.

Oh, I love that.

I loved that movie growing up.

Werner, did you love it?

I enjoyed it.

It was the perfect example of nature trying to destroy mankind.

Yep.

And yet, mankind triumphs at the end of the original version, not in the version that's on the Blu-ray, of course.

Yes, I think it was a poor decision by Frank Oz and other otherwise impeccable director to have the talking, singing plant win at the end of the film.

Does he?

He does in the version that they reshot.

Okay, so the officially released version, the plant does not win.

Yeah, what happens at the end?

He defeats the plant.

He cuts him up.

I mean, green mother from Addis Bay.

Yes, he puts him into the thing.

Is that your favorite way to kill someone?

Electricity?

I mean, it must be.

Because it's so scientific.

Yeah.

Yes.

Great.

I'm also a big fan of lethal injection.

Are you related to Seth Herzog?

That's correct.

The comedian?

The guy that lived in the smallest apartment in Manhattan for a long time?

He's my great nephew.

He's your great nephew.

He's nothing like you.

You guys are very different.

We share some passions.

So in the drama Werner and Scott, the one that Jack Nicholson was in, the original one a long time ago, L'Ochef Lahore's, the plant wins?

Yes.

Well, I don't know about the Jack Nicholson.

In the Broadway musical, he wins.

Really?

Yes.

Was it a musical before it was a movie?

Yes.

Before it was even that dramatic one a while ago?

No, no.

The Jack Nicholson version was the first.

First it was the Roger Corman film.

Yes, sir.

I'm going to see a film.

Then it was the Broadway play, and then it became the filmed musical.

That's amazing.

And then what?

It is going to be a video game.

It is going to be...

It replaces iCloud in two years.

That's correct.

So people are going to store...

All of your information on Little Shop of Horrors.

I like that idea.

To access...

Scott is having the best time today.

To access a phone number, you must sing the dentist song.

I'll be your dentist.

I don't know that one.

Yeah, you do.

No, I don't.

Do it.

Just sing it.

Hello, dentists.

Hello.

How are you?

Well, my name's Rapping Scott, and I'm here to say it's fun to rap in a dentist way.

Okay.

I made a mistake.

You really didn't know.

Guys, are we best friends?

I enjoy our company.

Everybody in this room, I enjoy their company.

I do.

I like engineer Brad a lot.

I don't know about engineer Brad.

Oh, really?

I don't know.

I am.

Get out of skit.

Want to tell me to die to get out of skit.

Werner, let's get out of here.

What movie, Werner, would you like to be in if you could be in any movie series of all time, excluding Lethal Weapon?

Movie series.

So it can't just be a single.

It has to be series, you said.

As an actor.

And you can have as many fingers as you want.

Don't be, you know, just, you don't have extra fingers.

You can have a hundred fingers.

This opens up some possibilities.

You were just going to say speed, but you can't, you can do boring on that.

I would love to be in the Father of the Bride series of films, the remakes with Steve Martin.

With how many fingers would you want in this?

Less than 40.

More than 10, bro, or more than eight.

More than eight that we normally have.

More than eight, but less than 40.

Yes, I think that's 40.

Would you ever reference it?

I would insist that it never be referenced, but I always shot my hands would constantly be in frame.

I'd be touching my face like a madman.

You have so many fingers.

Where are you going to put them?

I would also give my character adult onset chicken pox.

That's going to be constantly scratching.

He's constantly fighting the urge to scratch his face.

Looks like a millipede is crawling across your face.

And you just got engaged also, so you're showing off the wedding ring that you have.

You're constantly going like, yes, I'm also playing a woman .

I'm playing the bride.

You're playing the bride, not the father of the see.

When I hear you want to be the father of the bride.

I really want to stretch.

So I want to play this 25 year old woman.

I would love to see this film.

You and Steve Martin, you think?

It is a consummation devoutly to be wished.

Oh my goodness.

Yes, original cast.

Oh, everyone except the girl who played.

She is banished to a cold void.

Do we see that or no?

We just know.

Yes, that's the prologue of the film.

Much like the prologue of Superman, the movie where they're banished to the Phantom Zone.

Exactly.

Oh, that's incredible.

Great.

This is great.

I love this.

A tribunal is formed.

That's a lot.

Actress Elizabeth Williams is banned to a cold void.

She says, some day you will kneel before Elizabeth Williams .

Is that her name?

No, she does not say that.

She says, I accept my fate as all people must.

And then the first scene, superfluous buns.

Is that my blue heaven?

Superfluous buns?

What?

Is that my blue heaven?

Where Steve Martin goes, superfluous buns.

They give you two superfluous buns.

Oh, is this about hot dog buns?

Yeah, that's a good topic.

I don't know.

I've never seen that.

It's not my blue heaven.

I believe that is father of the bride.

It is, right?

I'm not a big dumb.

Great topic for comedy.

Comma, D.

Werner, have you ever thought about doing stand-up comedy?

Twice.

Do it.

Can I give you a set up and you punch it down?

Is that the common lingo?

Yes, I'm sorry.

I don't know the terms, but I will, as you say, try to punch it down.

OK, ready?

God, so it's so hot outside.

That's just, OK, that's a topic.

That's a pop.

That's a pun.

I feel like you need to give them a little more.

I used to write jokes.

Letterman, we wrote like 1,000 jokes like that.

Just it's so hot outside?

It would be it's so hot outside, and then it would usually be a squirrel joke.

Like the squirrel are hoarding their nuts.

OK, why don't you give them the squirrel then?

It's so hot outside that the squirrel.

Oh, that's great.

Yeah, you're right, Scott.

That's correct.

It's so hot outside that a squirrel is?

Pondering, taking his own life as the earth will only grow hotter and hotter.

And so what is the point of being a fur-covered creature?

I think we could chop that one up a little bit.

I think instead of punching that down, he punched it up.

Oh my god, Scott.

I guess.

This is good.

I don't know.

I'm not sure.

Can I do one more?

Yeah, let's see.

Um, god, last night I'm having sex with this homeless woman , right?

And she's looking at me in the eyes, and she looks at me, and I go, are you having a good time?

And she says.

As good a time as any human can allow themselves as we spin further and further into chaos and blackness.

My god.

Not good.

Not great.

Not great, but not good either.

Not at all good.

Hey, what do you think happens to us when we die, Werner?

Great question.

Can we go around the room?

I want you to answer that honestly.

Okay, you want me to answer honestly?

Well, ask Werner.

Werner's going to have the most down-to-earth answer, and then I want to hear your real one, Scott.

Okay, I'll do my total.

It may be surprising to you to hear that I believe in a soul, and I feel that although our bodies cease to function and our brains turn off, that when we are laid in our graves, there is still a spirit that is sentient and aware and very upset to be in a coffin in a grave.

So you think that just modern science cannot register that your soul is aware because it's not actually physical.

So even though by all scientific process, we do not register that you are alive anymore.

I can't believe your answer was more boring than his answer .

You trying to explain it was more boring than his answer.

Well, that's an interesting theory as far as I'm concerned.

What do you really think?

I think you're not a religious man, are you?

This is just totally seriously what I think.

Yes.

I think we turn into birds.

What?

There's a lot of birds.

You ever notice how many birds there are?

Scott!

I think we all turn into birds.

It's as good a theory as anything else.

I'm giving you a real answer.

Have you ever looked up in the sky and been like, there's more birds than ever.

That's what happens to us.

Do you think we turn into the same type of bird or do different personalities?

Like when you pass away, you'll probably be a blue jay, right?

No, I think we all turn into like seagulls.

Seagulls?

Yeah.

Every person?

Every single person, yeah.

No one turns into a pigeon?

No, no, no.

So what do seagulls turn into?

When seagulls die, what happens?

Oh, no, they turn into other seagulls.

So everybody that dies turns into seagulls.

That's a lot of seagulls.

Well, that's what I'm saying.

Have you been to the Santa Monica Pier lately?

I take your point.

And why were you there, by the way?

I was buying Alka-Seltzer.

You're buying Alka-Seltzer there?

Yeah.

You ever throw an Alka-Seltzer into the ocean?

Would it make it like a big Mentos thing?

Oh, man.

That was the project I was attempting.

Did you just buy one Alka-Seltzer, though?

Because you got to buy more.

I didn't do it.

I realized that now my mistake was just buying the one package of Alka-Seltzer.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, guys, we have to take a break.

Can you believe it?

It's just getting good.

Maybe we don't break ever.

Well, no, I mean, that would be ridiculous.

Get out of this, kid!

Let's come back and we'll have more songs and more fun right after this.

I'm happy with that instrument.

Bing-dong!

Comedy, bang-bang after this.

Ah!

Comedy, bang-bang, we are back here with Werner and Benny Swaz.

What's that?

I like this alter ego for you, Benny Swaz.

Benny Swaz doesn't take no from a nobody.

You ever talked to Benny Swaz before?

No, I've never talked to him.

Give him a big, big, big talking to.

I do.

Oh, OK.

Hi, Benny Swaz.

Hey, what's up, Scotty?

What's your background, Benny Swaz?

Me, I don't give no about nothing.

You don't give a no from a nobody?

I don't give a no from a no.

I have a question for Benny Swaz.

Yeah, yeah.

Can you recommend a reputable dry cleaner in this area?

Benny Swaz don't clean no clues.

Thank you for your time.

No further questions.

What do you think about that character?

Should I go on it?

I don't mind it.

Yeah, I'd love to have you come back and do that on the show.

I mean, if you're listening to the show for the first time, occasionally we'll have comedians on doing characters.

Not today, obviously.

We have two very famous people.

We have Ben Schwartz from Parks and Recreation and also Werner Herzog, the acclaimed film director.

But occasionally people will come on and pretend to be other people, which Werner, have you ever heard the show when people do that?

It's tiresome.

Let me ask you, Scott, have you seen any of my films at this point?

I believe we've talked about this.

I don't think I've ever seen a single one, not even Grizzly man.

This is still the case.

Yeah, should I have seen something in between the time that you started coming on the show?

It was a possibility that you could have.

What do you recommend out of all your films is the best one ?

It is very hard to pick the best one.

The most accessible for someone like you, perhaps, would be Bad Lieutenant Colon, Port of Call New Orleans.

Now, what's going on with his colon that that's in the title?

No, I'm speaking the punctuation that's in the title.

Speak the speech I pray thee, period.

Much like that.

But there was, yes, as they did it in Shakespeare's day.

There is a backstory for Nicholas Cage's character.

He thinks he might have colon cancer.

Period.

Oh, that's good.

I like that.

I did actually buy that film on Blu-ray.

Why would it would never...

Borat would never...

Blu-ray?

No, it's my wife, or as you do, my Wi-Fi.

He likes Blu-rays.

Or my knife.

What do you know what Borat does?

My stripes.

It does seem not in keeping with the character that he would be familiar with Blu-ray.

Me?

I don't know.

He came to America for a while.

He hung out.

You're saying Borat, today, if we were to revisit him, he probably has learned what a Blu-ray is.

Look at my Blu-ray player.

Oh my God.

Yeah, I think it'd be great.

But I did buy that on Blu-ray.

I've yet to watch it, but I did not know that you directed that.

Oh, so it is in your home, but you haven't gotten around to watching it.

Getting closer to my eyeballs by the day.

Another one is Rescue Don.

Rescue Dogs.

Chris, Chris, Rescue Don.

Rescue Dogs.

Oh, Rescue Dogs.

We keep saying different things to each other.

Wait, are you talking about Rescue Dogs, the movie with Cuba Gooding Jr.?

Yes, Straw Dogs.

Straw Dogs.

Talking about a couple of Straw Dogs.

Hey, this is Cuba Gooding Jr.

Saying Johnny Stumpson saying, hey, welcome to Straw Dogs.

Rescued.

I have a question for Johnny Stumpson.

Are you still looking for a dry cleaner?

Maybe he'll know.

I withdraw my question.

I have a question for Cuba Gooding Jr.

Well, hey there.

Stop, stop.

Are you going to ask him about the dry cleaner?

I have a different question.

What do you need to know there?

It's Cuba.

Do you have any idea where Johnny Stumpson gets his clothes cleaned?

Why, surely I do.

He doesn't clean them at all.

Are you the Cuba Gooding Jr. from the films?

No.

Of course not.

Why would you think that?

I'm only in one film, Straw Dogs Rescued.

Uh, guys.

What did you learn in school today, Cuba Gooding Jr.?

Why do you think I'm in school?

You sound like you're from the Little Rascals.

Um, guys, we...

What is going on with your dizziness?

I don't know.

It's happening a lot lately.

Maybe we should get checked out.

Maybe you should get checked out.

Do you have some sort of vertigo?

No, is that what it could be?

It could be.

Maybe I haven't eaten in a while.

You, you gotta get that vertigo on, my friend.

God, I love that.

I hope this is not an episode of the podcast that you eventually have to take down from the website because...

Because we were joking about something that killed him.

Yes.

God, that'd be so bad.

You were recording the lead, the ramp up to Ben Schwartz's death.

God.

What episode of anything has been taken down like that?

Can you think of anything?

The crow.

The crow?

No, the crow came out.

They didn't take it down from the internet.

Oh, from the internet.

Oh, they took it out of the movie.

Yeah.

Did he?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

He killed himself.

I mean, we can talk about another subject.

That episode of NUS Radio where Phil Hartman's character is sleepwalking with a loaded gun pointed at his head.

Oh, no.

Werner!

That is not right!

Werner!

It's not that kind of a show and Werner, I'm going to ask you to refrain from that kind of thing because it's not funny.

It's just a bit of television trivia.

Oh, OK.

I didn't know that.

I'm sorry.

I thought you were joking.

Guys, it's time for one of our favorite features on the show.

A break?

Werner Hertz, the Hertz reticar.

He's with us today.

What just happened?

It's as if Rob Schneider has walked into the room.

I was just going to say.

Making coffees lattes.

It's time for...

Has he been excluded from the grown ups series of films?

I was wondering that.

I you know, it's coming out this Friday.

I have not seen him in any of the advertisements.

That's what I was wondering because it wasn't he front and center in the ads?

Yeah, are they not friends anymore?

I have no idea.

I just...

I would hate to think that there could be any unrest in that group of friends.

But our good friends, Nick Swardson is in that movie.

He's in all those movies, right?

And Andy Samberg is in that movie.

And Will Forte and Taron Killam.

There's a very funny scene where the grown ups go to a car wash to have their cars washed.

And they think it is going to be the common practice of a sexy young ladies washing cars in bikinis.

But instead, the grown ups, they end up having their car washed by a bunch of men.

You're finding this funny, Werner.

It's the idea of it that the expectations have been...

Tables are turned.

Have been destroyed.

Yeah.

Would you like to direct Grown Ups 3?

I would jump at the chance to direct such a film.

What is keeping you then?

I mean, I would love to see a comedy.

My phone has not rung.

I would love to...

I've put it out there many times that I would love to direct a hilarious Hollywood comedy.

What would your idea of a Grown Ups 3, what would happen in it?

Set pieces.

We have our cast, right?

We have our Kevin James, we have our Adam Sandler, we have our Chris Rock, we have our David Spade.

That's correct.

Possibly Schneider, hopefully.

I would definitely bring him back into the mix.

Even if he wasn't friends anymore with Sandler?

Especially.

I would use the friction to fuel the story, which is the grown ups find themselves in a burning building.

And how many...

I mean, this is a question I have to ask you.

How many of them make it out?

Well, I don't want to spoil anything, but none.

That's not spoiling anything, I think.

That's like the original ending of Little Shop of Horrors.

And how soon into the movie do they burn alive?

Not all of them burn alive.

Oh, some of them commit suicide first?

Well, yes, but not all of them.

Who's the last one to perish?

That Alan Fellow, who's in all of the Adam Sandler movies.

Alan Corbert?

Yes.

He's the last man standing?

The last man standing.

And what does he say?

He is a firefighter who comes in just a moment too late, and then he is crushed by a beam.

So then what's the last frame of our film?

As he is crushed by the beam, he says, I'm a homosexual.

Why?

And then everyone...

Because it's a laugh line.

It's a laugh line.

The film such as these posited the idea that homosexuality is the funniest thing you can even imagine.

So I want to end the film on a big laugh line.

But then, crushed by a beam is just reward.

Yes, it is ever thus to homosexuals in films like these.

It is no less than he deserves.

You are getting so dark this segment.

I have to say, my goodness.

I'm just trying to make everyone laugh.

You're doing great.

Thank you from a deli owner that's a rave.

I don't own a deli.

That's a reference to a commercial for rye bread from decades ago.

Tell us about this commercial.

I'd love to hear about it.

Am I just referencing a commercial that nobody would know?

It was an American television commercial.

Growing up as a young man in Germany.

I was obsessed with television advertisements.

Anything American.

American television.

Rock and roll blue jeans commercials for rye bread.

And there was a series of, it was a montage of different doer deli owners of New York City.

And they made, the makers of this rye bread made sandwiches for these deli owners to sample.

The idea being that they would get a taste of this wonderful bread and say something positive about it.

And then one by one, they all give these reviews that are damning with their faint praise saying, it's all right.

I don't mind it.

And then the last fellow says, it makes a nice sandwich.

And then the announcer's voice comes in and says, from a deli owner, that's a rave because they are notoriously stingy with their compliments about food stuffs.

That sounds amazing.

God.

I haven't seen a commercial for rye bread in a long time.

Did you ever see that commercial for Where's the Beef?

Well, that wasn't for Where's the Beef.

Yeah, for that product.

Where's the beef?

You're thinking of, that's what the woman says.

What?

No, she says Where's the Beef.

It's for Wendy's.

What's Wendy's?

Wendy's is a commercial.

I've seen that commercial a million times.

It's for Where's the Beef.

And what is she pointing at?

She's pointing at the burger has no beef on the regular burgers, but at Wendy's it has more of a burger.

Yeah, and it's like, hey, come to Where's the Beef and you get the beef.

Have you ever been to Where's the Beef?

I do have two.

I've always wanted to go.

I've never seen one around.

I assumed it was a regional thing.

Do you remember the announcer saying, come to Where's the Beef?

Of course.

I saw it a million times.

He obviously says that.

Wait, what part?

Ready?

You be the woman.

Yeah, okay.

Hey, I want a hamburger.

I beg your pardon.

May I also be in the advertisement?

Yes, please.

Of course.

You don't mind, Werner.

I will play the role of the fellow who is serving the beef less hamburger.

That's great.

And who are you, Ben?

I'm your friend.

Oh, okay.

You're my friend.

The other old lady.

I'm the other old lady.

Come, old lady.

Hey.

Let's talk to this gentleman.

Hey, we'd like two burgers, please.

Two of them.

Welcome to the hamburger establishment.

Two burgers, you say?

Yes, please.

One moment, please.

Make those two hamburgers promptly.

Oh, we have some already waiting under some lights.

Fantastic.

Here are your two burgers, ladies and gentlemen.

Thank you very much.

This big burger tastes terrible.

Let's go to Where's the Beef?

No way.

I have a question.

Where's the beef?

Yes, let's go there.

No, Where's the Beef?

Yes, let's go to Where's the Beef?

Sir, Where's the Beef?

Where's Where's the Beef?

Are you referring to this skimpy serving of beef that is in this hamburger?

Yes.

I do apologize.

I hope you understand that the corporate culture that has a stranglehold on this nation causes us to serve less than satisfactory food.

Well, I think that portion sizes could be reduced.

We're all getting too fat these days.

You raise an interesting idea.

Perhaps it is time to cut back on our beef consumption.

If I'm the director, I'm saying cut now, because I don't know what the product is.

I was about to go...

I think we're against what my product is.

I was about to go into the fact that 90% of the truck traffic in the United States is from beef.

Well, as the director, can I come in here for a second?

Well, as you know, Gilderoy's agreed you to direct me.

You direct Scott, I will carry on with the commercial in the way that I see fit.

Okay.

While I'm directing him?

Yes.

Okay, well, the whole thing is also at the beginning.

If the hamburgers are there waiting, why wouldn't you just take them out immediately?

They're right next to him.

Hamburger establishment...

Stop saying Where's the Beef?

It's about Wendy's.

It's about the burger inside.

Hamburger...

Oh, you never want me to say Where's the Beef?

No, say Where's the Beef?

We should go to Wendy's.

They have big burgers.

We can sit down business practice.

I mean, just like it's jumping this, jumping this, I guess.

Go.

Excuse me, where's Where's the Beef?

Stop, cut.

Listen to me.

I have notes again.

I wonder what...

This is what you got to do.

Don't say Where's Where's the Beef?

Say literally, Where's the Beef?

We got to get a bigger burger.

Okay.

Okay, I got it.

And actually jump in.

It's like a fucking water slide.

Excuse me, sir.

Where is that beef?

Stop.

You didn't even say beef on that time.

Okay.

I feel that this woman is...

Same with me right now.

What did I say?

She said Where's the Beef?

Perhaps brought on by her advanced age.

I couldn't possibly have said that.

She is only catching some of what her friend is saying.

I'm going to jump in.

Excuse me.

Beep the Beep.

Cut.

That'll do it.

All right.

We got it.

Good day.

I did not understand your order.

Please drive around.

You were in a drive-through the whole time?

That's our first mistake.

I guess.

We're not even in a car.

And scene.

So you direct...

Well, I added a moment at the end where the counter man played by me looks forlornly into the camera and a single tear rolls down his face.

Do you know there's a bit that I do and now Scott and I do that is as follows when we're improvising it, then we go and ten more minutes.

Oh, is it ten?

Sorry.

I wish I could.

And ten more minutes.

And then we keep improvising.

We should keep going for ten more minutes.

Not today.

Gotta get out of skin.

Everybody just want to suck all my big.

Everybody just look at the plant I got.

Down in everybody.

I get down.

It's a road.

This is our song.

Look at all the Star Wars.

Look at all them go.

And I'm doing Star Wars.

And this is our song.

Mom, mom, mom.

I didn't realize that song ends on.

Guys, we only have time for one more thing, and that is called.

What should we do?

Let's do what you call.

Let's do a game called what should we do?

What should we do?

Here we go.

It's time for what should we do?

Vernor, do the theme music for what we do.

But what should we do?

What what what should we do?

What should we do?

Do do.

What should we do?

Great theme song.

That is not done.

What?

And ten more minutes.

What should we do?

What should we do when we do it?

Why do things need to be done by we?

Okay, good.

We are the ones who do it.

We should do it.

What do we do when we do it and why?

How did the game work?

Thank you so much, Vernor Herzog, for that theme song to What Should We Do?

If you have a theme song for what should we do, please send it to Earwolf.

I have one.

What should we do?

What do you think we should do?

What should we do?

What do you think what should we do?

And you could be famous for a week and Vernor Herzog, you 're famous for a week.

Congratulations.

Thank you, Shane.

So guys, what should we do?

Honestly, what should we do?

We should find a reputable dry cleaner.

What is going on with your clothes, Vernor?

Why are you so in love with finding a dry cleaner?

I am dissatisfied with my current dry cleaning situation.

What happened?

Tell us what happened, Vern.

They have lost a tie and two collar buttons from two separate shirts.

A tie meaning like a drawstring tie for your sweatpants?

That's right.

That is so annoying.

It renders your sweatpants inoperable.

There's no way.

They just fall down to your poon.

They fall down to your pant legs.

Your poon?

What do you say?

I said poon legs.

They fall down to your poon?

What should we do?

Do you want to know?

Can you ask me?

Yeah, what should we do?

I think the three of us should get in a hot air balloon and see if we can blow so hard that it gets it to go up in the air.

And then when we're up in the air, we jump and we all say our favorite catch phrase.

Okay.

And we land.

We carry shrug it.

We land and we break a limb.

And then we get up and we go, oh, I shouldn't have paid a lot for that muffler.

Okay, let's do it.

I have a spare hot air balloon right here.

Just a point of order is I shouldn't have paid a lot for that muffler excluded from the catch phrase.

You can no longer say that because we all say that.

That is only upon climbing from the wreckage of the balloon basket.

Correct.

Okay.

I got it.

So we're going to get into this hot air balloon.

We're going to blow.

Here we go.

Ready?

One, two, three.

Oh, we're rising.

It's working.

Okay, ready?

I'm going to jump first.

Ready?

All right, here we go.

We all say our catch phrase when we jump.

Is that it?

Yes, I'll jump first.

Ready?

Okay, here we go.

That takes fun of us.

Where's the beep?

Kiss my grits.

Oh, my leg.

Ow.

Oh, my Lanta.

Oh, got a good one.

It seemed as if the muffler catch phrase changed from, I shouldn't have paid a lot for that muffler to I'm not going to pay a lot for that muffler.

So I shouldn't have paid a lot.

I was confused as to where we were in time.

Yeah.

Have we previously purchased an overpriced muffler?

Or have we been presented with a muffler which is not reasonably priced and we are refusing?

Questions, questions, questions.

Which takes us into our next segment.

Questions.

We have a theme song for questions, questions, questions.

You tell me.

Yes, we.

Oh, here's one.

And this was submitted to us by Werner Herzog.

Questions, questions.

Why are there so many questions?

There's one for an example.

I have a question for you.

Do you have a question for me?

Why other questions?

I'm a five year old child.

All right.

Welcome to questions, questions.

Thank you so much for that theme song.

Werner Herzog.

Maybe celebrity for a week.

If you have a celebrity for a week.

And guys, questions.

I have a question.

Yep.

I have a question for you, Scott.

Yes, sir.

This is the only game, by the way, in which we are allowed to ask if we can ask a question.

That was it.

I have a question.

Is it okay if I ask you a question?

By all means.

Is that my question or can I ask another one?

You can say.

This is, there's no rules in this game.

Ask as many as you like.

Okay.

If I gave you the opportunity to be a huge celebrity, huge, I'm talking about like Brad Pitt, huge.

Okay.

But all the movies that you make are like movies that you hate.

They're all shitty.

Like they just make a lot of money.

So you're not proud of your work.

Or.

Yes.

Okay.

Or you are an indie darling.

You are an indie darling.

You make the best feature films that get nominated for Oscars every year, but you just don't have enough money to get by.

You can't take care of you and cool up, right?

You're barely getting through.

What do you do?

Boy, this is some sort of like, which one of these scenarios would I rather.

Yeah.

Like it's a, would you want to do this or would you want to do that?

Or, Oh, and in one of the situations you have 17 fingers and you're dying of cancer.

But which one?

I can't tell you.

You can't tell me.

Okay.

Gregor until after I pick, I guess I would choose the big rich guy who doesn't like his work.

Cause I could always vacay.

Hit me with a finger tally.

I said, just hit me with a finger tally.

How many I got bro?

I say, hang in with a finger tally.

The theme song is not concluded yet.

Oh, pointed me away.

How many I got bro?

Oh, you got a 40 fingers.

I got a 40 fingers.

Question for Werner.

Do you have one for him?

I have a question.

Yes.

Questions, questions, questions.

May I ask you, may I ask a question first of all?

By all means.

Thank you so much for asking.

Great question.

It begins with the statement and the statement is of a complimentary nature and then it leads into, it segues into my question.

Better not end in a period.

It will not.

Okay.

Good.

Then we're good to go, right?

Here's my initial statement.

I certainly, so stupid.

I certainly like the way your shirt is nicely.

He's going to ask that.

Wait, I'm going to stop you, Werner.

Please.

You're not allowed to ask about dry cleaners.

There is only one question that you're not allowed to ask about dry cleaners.

It's not what you think it's going to be.

Okay.

So you like the way my shirt is what, laundered?

Yes.

It seems very clean.

It seems as if it has been ironed professionally and not at home where you can never quite get certain parts of the shirt free of wrinkles.

Here's my question.

Yes.

If you had a terrible dry cleaner.

What would its name not be?

Where?

Yes.

That's asking him the question you've been asking all day.

That I don't, I disagree.

Think of a different question.

You can't use the word dry or cleaner.

Yeah.

Okay.

Interesting.

Yes.

I believe I agree.

You can't, you can't be wanting to locate something.

I exceed to your terms.

You're really not going to give him locating it?

No, he can't.

Just ask him questions.

Yeah, he can't be trusted with this.

Okay.

So go.

Go.

Questions, questions, questions.

Questions everywhere.

If I were to tell you that I have a ketchup stain on a favorite sport coat of mine.

And I have tried, I have tried every home method of removing the stain.

Sure.

Including adding mustard because mustard gets out ketchup as everyone knows.

Nobody knows that.

That's so fascinating.

If, if presented with such a scenario, what would your advice to me be?

I would say find yourself a dry cleaner.

Follow up question.

No follow up.

Sorry.

Because the floor is now closed.

Questions, questions, questions.

Do you have a question?

I'll ask a question and we're all asking questions at the mall.

All right, guys.

Great segment.

And that leads us to our only segment left that we have left.

And that is a little something we call pugs.

Pugs.

Jason, close enough.

I believe he said Jason.

Man's aching.

Jason.

What song is that?

Is that Hey Jude?

It's by the Beatles.

But that's what you're saying, but there's something else in those interpolation or something.

Hey, that was getting was certainly an interpolation of something.

That's called getting to the plugs.

And let me just tell you the two is not T O.

And no, it's not T O O either.

It's much like Prince.

It's the number two.

Really?

Getting to the plugs by Aaron Singer.

Taking it to the plugs.

All together now.

Aaron Singer, thank you so much.

I mean, it's right there in your name and you did it.

Sang that song.

Guys, it's been a great show.

It has been a good one.

Bernie, you feel good?

I feel good about this one.

Feel as good as I have ever felt.

It was a good show.

Yeah, it's good.

But right now we have to get to the plugs and this is an exciting week.

So let's hear what's going on.

As far as I'm concerned, my plug is all about, hey, watch Comedy Bang Bang on IFC 10 PM on IFC this Friday, 10 PM, July 12th.

Watch it, watch it, watch it.

And also talk about it on social media.

That counts a lot.

Make up a hashtag right now so people can do that on Twitter.

Well, there is one CBB TV.

Great.

CBB TV.

They track everything.

They track everything through that.

CBB TV, guys.

Talk about it.

They pay attention to that.

And, you know, I'm very proud of the show and I want y'all to watch it.

And then also I'm doing a date next week, July.

Is it next week?

Let me look this up.

This the streets all together now.

Yeah.

Next Wednesday, July 17, I'll be at Comic Con.

It's all good on our counters.

Comic Con.

Are you at Comic Con?

Yeah, I actually have to go.

What day are you there?

18th, 19th.

You're not there the 17th?

I could, if you really need me to, but I doubt it.

Ahhh!

Taking it to the streets.

July 17, I'll be at the House of Blues.

Come out and see me do a live comedy bang bang with special guests.

And, uh, but more importantly, the TV show, watch it up.

All right.

So, Benny, Schwoz, what do you got?

This is crazy, by the way.

I get to plug something.

Oh no.

Uh oh.

Oh yeah, man.

Yes.

Oh no.

It's a close one.

Close one.

All right, ready?

I'm gonna, I'm gonna plug something great that actually I'm pretty proud of.

Well, this one, all right, ready?

The first, can I plug two things?

Is that fine?

I'll allow it.

Okay.

So this is July 8th.

Tomorrow is July 9th.

A movie that I'm in is coming out July 9th.

On a Tuesday?

Yeah, on Video on Demand.

Oh, VOD.

So it comes out.

It's called Coffee Town.

It's College Humor's first movie.

Coffee Town.

It's called Coffee Town.

It's me, Glenn Hareden from Always Sunny, and Steve Little from Eastbound and Down, Adrian Palicki from Friday Night Lights, and Josh Groban, who's music.

Coffee Talk.

And then I'm gonna be on, I'm gonna be on The Tonight Show on the 11th.

That's crazy.

That's the, it is very crazy.

To what end?

I'm gonna be plugging a movie that comes out on the 19th called Turbo.

Turbo.

Oh, you're in Turbo?

Yes.

So I'm in a movie called Turbo where I play a snail called Skin Mark, and I'm gonna be on Leno, and then I'll be on Conan.

I'm excited.

I never get to do that thing.

So I don't have a publicist, so it's a big deal for me.

A publicist?

A publicist.

They are bitter rivals.

How will you justify playing both ends against the middle?

I mean, I guess I'll just like talk about the other ones' troubles on the other person's show.

Okay, good.

Yeah.

Wise.

Werner, what do you like to plug?

Well, for myself, I'm directing the season finale of Two Broke Girls, so that's a lot of fun.

Wait, the season finale of the upcoming season that starts in September?

Yes.

Oh, you got a lot of lead time on that.

There are a lot of effects.

So we are getting...

Hitting the ground running, but congratulations to them on the pickup.

But I would like to cede my remaining plug time to a friend of mine if I could.

I don't know about that.

He's waiting right outside the door.

Who is that?

I don't like him.

May I let him in?

I crave your indulgence in this matter.

You know what?

Let him in.

Yeah.

Hi, guys.

Hey, wait a minute.

PFT, baby, baby.

Hello.

PFT in the HIZZ.

It's me, Paul F. Tompkins.

This is Scott.

But are you in the HIZZ?

Yeah, of course I am.

All right, good.

Thank goodness.

You know me.

Thank you.

You know, it's kind of hard being old PFT when there's so much drama in the HIZZ.

Yeah.

In the LBC HIZZ.

But somehow, some way, I keep coming up with funky-ass plugs every single day.

I'd love to hear one of these funky-ass plugs.

Well, thank you very much, Scott.

And it's a pleasure to be here at Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm very seldom here.

Why don't you walk in, by the way?

Do you know Werner?

We've met.

OK.

You know, you are hardly ever here, by the way, if this is your first time listening.

Paul F. Tompkins is a comedian of note.

It's true.

Can I plug something I did with Paul F. Tompkins?

Hold on a second.

No, you can.

But let me get these out of the way first.

And then we'll co-plug this other thing.

Let's do that.

I love this.

Is it coffee talk?

It's coffee talk.

You're not far off, but hold on a second.

I will also be, first of all, July 8th.

I am now in London, England.

Oh.

This is a hologram.

Oh, is that how you're coming?

Because everyone knows this is live.

Yes.

So it's a live.

I'm broadcasting this hologram from London, England.

Paul, I may be in London at that time.

What?

Are you a hologram?

Oh, no, I won't.

Now you're on The Tonight Show this week, you weirdo.

Tonight, July 8th through Saturday, July 13th, I am at the Soho Theater in London, England.

Oh my god.

7.30 PM.

Dude, that's awesome.

I do my show crying and driving.

It's just an hour out of your goddamn lives, British people .

And they're going to let you do this?

Yeah.

That's a huge theater, isn't it?

No.

Yeah, it is, isn't it?

I'm in a little space downstairs.

Oh, come on.

Soho downstairs.

It's not a huge theater.

Guys, I think Paul Tomkins is unbelievably funny, talented, and very, very smart, witty, and ingenious.

I would recommend all you London, UK people to make your way over.

But you guys probably already have tickets, don't you?

Not great enough for a huge theater, but still, he does all right.

Wait, it's me.

This is a return engagement.

And then also, speaking of, it is a return engagement.

That's right.

The first gig went so well that they were bringing me back.

Go to pauloftompkins.com forward slash live for all the details.

Live.

Live and direct.

But it's live and direct.

Live and direct.

Pauloftompkins.com slash live and direct.

Yes.

And then a show called Speak Easy.

Speak Easy.

Which is a web interview show.

Speezy, we call it.

Speezy.

If you're in the know.

Speezy and the Heezy.

That is a web interview show that I host.

And very recently, had a guest, Mr. Ben Schwartz.

I did speak easy.

And I will say this, I'm not one to talk about personal matters, as you know.

Sure.

I don't really talk about the women that I'm dating or anything like that.

Women?

But Paul, no, no, no, no, no.

By the way, I never date two people that say never.

But when we were doing the Speak Easy thing, Paul, it was really fun and funny.

And then Paul put it to a place where we were talking about real stuff.

That was very interesting and cool.

And I really, really enjoyed it.

It got real.

Even if it's not the one that I'm in, please watch that show.

As I'm enlightened to hear what.

I like when seven strangers get together and get real.

But you guys did it?

Well, first you have to stop being polite.

Well, and then you have to start getting real.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

OK.

It's just bound to happen.

Watch Speak Easy.

When does that come out?

Do you have any idea?

I don't know when your particular episode comes out.

But they are running right now.

Usually new episodes every Monday.

Oh, I like it.

Speezy.

And that's on NBC.

That is not on NBC.

Oh, it's my bad.

What's it on?

It is on YouTube.

Got it.

And it's Speak Easy.

It's better than ABC.

Speak Easy with Paul F. Tompkins.

That's great.

You can go to youtube.com forward slash made man.

I forgot to say I want to thank our donor Hunter and Max.

Hunter and Max.

Hunter and Max, they gave $100 to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thanks, guys.

Keeping the lights on here.

And something special is coming to you.

And is that it for the plugs?

That's it for me.

Again, watch the TV show.

Please watch Comedy Bang Bang.

Paul, I'm sorry you're not on the TV show this year.

He was on last year, no?

I understand.

Yeah, he's not on this year.

But he did the first season.

No, I haven't been on it.

His friends Andrew Lloyd Webber have been on it.

Oh, did Andrew Lloyd Webber come on this year?

Andrew Lloyd Webber was on it.

And Cake Boss was on it last year.

Andrew Lloyd Webber is on this year as well.

Cake Boss.

Yes.

And then your friend Gary Marshall is on this year as well.

Oh, please call him Gary.

Oh, I will call him Gary.

Please, have called him Gary.

I have called him Gary.

And you know, I've taken care of it.

Guys, there's a lot of love in this room.

If you can't feel it in the podcast.

Paul, are you going to stick around or is Verner coming back?

Verner, do you want to come back?

I have returned.

Hey, Verner, I'm going to close up the plug bag.

Is that OK?

I wish that you would.

All right, let's close it up.

Close up the book.

Closing up the plug bag.

Bing-dong, bing-dong, bing-dong, bing-dong, bing-dong.

Closing up, closing up, closing up, closing up.

Brow.

Despair.

That was a Verner one.

That is the Casey Wilson, Brow, Despair, Verner Herzog remix.

And guys, this has been a fun show.

I appreciate you guys coming out and celebrating the premiere week with me.

Here's to more seasons.

More seasons.

Watch this one so we can make a bunch more.

Look, years have four seasons.

Why not our show?

That's true.

You know what I mean?

So does a hotel have four seasons.

Can we end on that joke or is it too good?

It might be too good.

We should do one other thing.

You should excise it from the podcast and save it for when you really need it.

That's true.

For what you got?

Just so we can end on something big and not that.

Let's all fly a kite.

Wait, is that from Mary Poppins?

It is.

Let's all fly a kite up to the highest heights.

I don't know.

Let's go fly, fly a kite.

♪♪♪ Bleak.

♪♪♪ This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information visit Earwolf.com.

♪♪♪ Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

To.

Com.

♪♪♪ The wolf dead.
