♪ Comedy Death Ray ♪ ♪ Comedy Death Ray ♪ ♪ Comedy Death Ray ♪ ♪ Comedy Death Ray ♪ Well hello, I'm Paul F. Tompkins.

I am here at Comedy Death Ray Radio, which I think should be called Comedy Death Radio.

It's a lot simpler and it's a fun play on words.

I think we can all agree, and I feel like I'm probably gonna make history here and the name will be changed by next week.

I am filling in for Scott Aukerman, who is acting working on the Sarah Silverman program for Comedy Central.

And as someone who has worked on that program, I know that Scott is sitting in a trailer for upwards of 12 hours doing nothing.

So Scott, if you're listening, hello, you probably could have been here.

We have an exciting show planned for you.

We have, maybe you've heard of him, Weird Al Yankovic.

Maybe you've heard of her comedian Tig Notaro.

Maybe you're familiar with the concept of surprises.

All that and more.

No more, just that.

Here on Indie 103.1, I'm joined in the booth by engineer Stephanie.

Stephanie, how are you?

I'm great, how are you?

I caught you unaware as you weren't ready to talk.

You had to push up a dial and then you had to grab the microphone.

It's magic.

And you had to put on your helmet.

Stephanie, of course, is wearing a blue and white striped hat and a lab coat.

She has all the engineer bases covered.

Thank you for your engineering work and may God engineering bless you.

Thank you.

I, of course, I hope you appreciate I've put out my scented candles and turned the lights down in the manner of Venus Flytrap, my favorite DJ from all of life or fiction.

I think my favorite life DJ, probably still, Edward R. Murrow.

A lot of people forget he started out in radio before he went into black and white television.

And he also pioneered the use of scented candles in the booth.

He actually, this is, a lot of people don't realize this, he invented scented candles.

Edward R. Murrow, he took some candles and he threw some scent on them.

Did not know that.

He did.

Oh my heavens, oh sorry.

Oh, oh my word.

Ladies and gentlemen.

My mic is on.

Ladies and gentlemen. Holy cow.

It seems that Weird Al Yankovic is already here in the studio.

He's not on his way.

He's not in the elevator.

He's right here in the studio.

I thought I was a hologram for a while.

I thought you were too, because you're a little shimmery around the edges.

Yes.

But it turns out it's just your conditioner.

There's a cream for that.

Yeah.

Congratulations, cream manufacturers, you've done it.

We all owe you a debt of gratitude and a debt of thanks.

There are different things.

A lot of people don't realize that, but that's what the dictionary is for.

More with Weird Al in a moment.

I would like to talk to you, if I may, about the Vancouver Comedy Festival.

I did the Comedy Death Radio podcast from there last week.

See?

It's getting easier and easier.

It's catchy.

It's catching on already.

It really is, right?

Yay.

I did the podcast from there last week with your regular host, Scott Ockerman.

And it's quite a thing.

That festival we had done many times before and had a good time.

Then this year, the audiences were a little different than they usually were.

Not quite as urbane, not quite as sophisticated, not quite as quiet in places where they should be.

They were rude.

They were rude audiences.

And it was a shock and a surprise because you're led to believe that Canadian people, by and large, are polite.

But you know who leads you to believe that?

Canadian people.

And what is ruder than lying about being polite?

Exactly.

Nothing.

So I did shows there where Todd Barry, Todd Barry, comedian Todd Barry, miniature comedian Todd Barry was heckled.

I did a show where I was telling a story.

Tig Notaro later on the program, she was there for this, where I was telling a story.

And not that long into my story, a gentleman in the audience audibly went, oh, come on.

And then the capper was a show at, did somebody say something just now?

I was saying you said, oh, come on.

Who are you, madam?

Policy meeting.

Tig Notaro is here in the studio.

Ladies and gentlemen.

Everybody is here.

So everybody who's anybody is here in the studio.

Oh, may I?

Yeah, go ahead.

Thank you very much.

I brought coffee for everybody.

This is great.

Just one cup, we're all gonna split it.

I brought lattes, soy lattes and blackberry phones for everybody.

Thank you, Tig.

You're welcome.

I forgot about your blackberry giveaway.

It's Blackberry Giveaway Friday with Tig.

All you have to do is accuse her of not bringing enough coffee and you will get a free blackberry.

It's like a Rumpelstiltskin kind of thing.

Finish that story I interrupted.

I'm going to finish it if you'll stop screaming your head off at me.

The ruse of you being here by yourself is over, my friend.

I know.

I'm hearing all these voices.

It is not a Phil Hendry type program.

Wait, he didn't mention you were here yet?

I did.

That was before you showed up late.

I broke the fourth wall.

Oh, you did?

Is there four walls in radio?

There's an infinite number of walls.

Oh, it's, Al, it is a bit too early to be blowing my mind with infinite wall numbers.

I don't want this to turn into a Mobius strip so early.

Anyways, my story, it's a great one.

So I was closing the show at this comedy club, Yuck Yucks.

And I know people make jokes about the names of comedy clubs and how the Chuckle Hut and stuff like that .

This place actually is called Yuck Yucks.

And maybe I'm a bad businessman, but I don't think you should have the word yuck in the name of your establishment.

I think it sends a bad message.

So this is just a straight up comedy club.

And what happens at straight up comedy clubs is people get drunk before they show up to the show.

And then they get drunker during the show.

And then they just want to talk.

And what you'll get is a lot of woo in lieu of laughter.

And you also get wooing during setups to jokes, which I've never understood that if you're saying, I was at the bank earlier today, woo.

And all I can figure is that person is just sitting there going, oh, why does that guy on stage get to make all the noise?

I want to make noise so bad.

A lot of people just like to support the banking industry.

Oh, I hadn't even thought about that.

You know what, now more than ever right now.

Maybe people just want to support wooing.

Maybe they do.

But do you mean wooing in terms of the noise or wooing in terms of courting and sparking?

I don't know.

You're trying to woo a young lady.

Mind your hominins, Tig.

Mind your hominins.

I decided the best thing to do on this particular show is I was going up last and people were just outright talking through the whole show.

It was like children's theater, really.

I decided I'm just not going to do material.

I'm just going to say whatever pops into my head.

And that's what I did.

I was slated to go on for 10 minutes.

I think they let me twist in the wind for about 15.

I was just waiting for the light that indicated that I could get off the stage.

And it would not come.

So it became a weird Mexican standoff where I felt like, all right, I'll stay up here as long as you need me to stay up here.

And the crowd was hating me.

At one point, a gentleman, because I spoke to him, thought I was challenging him to a fight.

I made some wisecrack towards this gentleman, who started it, by the way.

A guy that appeared on my peripheral vision, a member of the staff, came around the corner and just stood there.

And so I made a joke to him.

Then this guy that was sitting near where this gentleman was standing made some gesture.

I looked at him and I made some joke.

And then the guy said something and I said, what did you say, sir?

And he said, are you stepping to me?

Yes.

I forgot about it.

Yeah, yeah.

I just laughed at the idea that this guy would be telling somebody the story later, like, I'm in this comedy club and this comedian made a joke at me.

I was like, uh-uh, wrong place, wrong time, comedian in a comedy club.

I love that he said, step into me.

Yeah, he threw a little street on it.

I remember being in the audience when that happened and turning to something and going, did he just say, are you stepping to me?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He threw a little Canadian street on it.

Then somebody yelled out from the crowd, we wish we could see you at Largo.

And I said, well, why don't you?

And they said, it's too far.

And I said, fair enough.

And then 10 seconds go by, same people, they're throwing us out for talking to you.

I said, well, I don't want that to happen.

And then a couple of seconds after that, some guy yelled out, how about some material?

And I said, well, what material would you like to hear?

He goes, I thought that would be up to you.

And I said, I feel like you have a very specific idea of what comedy is and what comedy you expected to hear tonight, sir.

And I started talking to him like he was a child.

I was getting down to his level.

And I was talking to him in a very affirmed yet loving manner.

I said, I feel like there is a certain type of comedy that you want to hear, so why don't you tell me what that comedy is, and I'll see if I can do that for you.

And he said, how about something about Obama and the UN?

And then I said, I don't have anything for that.

And then it just kind of went on like that for a while until I finally had, once I swept through my shirt, I decided it was time to leave.

I feel like I walked in late, and you're talking about Vancouver?

Yes, I am.

Is your BlackBerry on right now?

I'm getting that weird noise through the headphones, yes.

Ee-ee-ee-ee-ee-ee-ee-ee.

Oh, that's your mouth.

That's me.

That was your mouth.

Wait, have I been making that noise the whole time?

Yeah.

So stop.

I feel like I've been doing some sort of circular breathing if I've been able to hold out this story and also make that irritating noise.

Can I just tell you, when I was in Minneapolis one time, this woman was staring at me blankly through my whole set, which is not unusual.

You get somebody that does not get you.

Yeah.

And I said.

Can I ask, not to interrupt.

No, please.

And I hope this does not ruin your story.

Was it complete uncomprehending blankness?

Or was there a little bit of attitude in it?

There was no attitude.

It was a clean slate of nothing going on.

Tabula rasa.

Which caught my eye, because usually, it's a clear indication somebody doesn't like you.

She just looked like she stepped into the wrong room.

And I said, after I talked to her, I said, oh.

I said, is there something?

I can't remember how I got into the conversation exactly.

But I said basically, is there something that I'm not saying that you want me to say?

I feel like I'm not helping you at all.

It's good to ask sometimes.

Yeah.

You should sign out the forms before the set.

Exactly.

Get the survey.

Informal poll.

Well, she starts yelling strawberries at me.

Turns out she was expecting an improv show.

I said, did you think I was out here for 30 minutes, and then I was going to bring Drew Carey and Ryan Stiles out?

Wait, she yelled out strawberries like a suggestion?

Yeah.

Then you would take that.

Imagine that you were waiting for the safe word to start improv-ing.

I was just packing my time with random information, just waiting.

When are these idiots going to yell out strawberries or something?

Eating strawberries during the Renaissance and go.

Could I be you in that situation?

And you be the lady yelling out strawberries.

So I don't know.

What did you want to hear?

Strawberries.

We take you now to a strawberry store.

Yeah.

I was like, why are you yelling strawberries at me?

Now I'm even more confused.

And I never figured this woman out.

She never broke.

She never laughed.

She never said, oh, I get it.

I understand I'm not at an improv show.

She just didn't understand why I wasn't talking about strawberries and why there weren't three people on stage with me.

She also had a ton of time to think up a word suggestion.

A half hour, and that's what she came up with?

That's a bit disappointing.

And I asked her why she thought that when she came here, she could just yell strawberries, and I would start talking about strawberries.

And she said, well, I went to an improv show in the lobby of a hotel once.

Those are good.

Well.

And I saw a weird owl there.

Yeah, no, it was the weirdest thing.

I wish I had been filmed from the back of my head.

This woman was unbelievable.

To the end of the show and after the show, she was baffled by what I was doing on stage.

I just wish I was filmed from the back of the head in general.

That'd be a great comedy DVD or an HBO special.

Paul F. Tompkins from the back of his head.

That's right.

Here's what I see.

Straight Up the Nostrils with Paul F. Tompkins.

All right, we're going to have more with Weird Al Yankovic and Tig Notaro right now.

Here's a song from Sean Cullen's comedy CD, I Am a Human Man.

It's called You're Just a Child.

You're just a child, a tiny baby.

It's a big old world out there.

It can drive a person crazy.

But I'm your daddy.

I'm going to hold your hand.

There's some things you've got to learn as you grow up to be a man.

Got to treat the pretty ladies right.

Got to make them scream all night.

Got to get them booze and bling and make them want to d angle off your dirty thing.

But you are just a little man, John.

But I'm telling you how to make the pictures go wild.

So make the boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo.

Paul, did you bring these?

Tig, I'm going to ask you to shut your mouth because we're not going to ask you to shut your mouth.

I did ask.

To be fair, I did ask.

I did ask.

I did not tell.

Weenie Yankovic, you and I, we met for the first time today .

Is that correct?

No, that's not exactly correct.

I feel like we officially met.

I think we both met.

We met for the first time today.

I feel like we officially met.

I think we bonded for the first time today.

Yes, that is a good way to put it.

The first time, I think, that I saw you in person.

This was back in the days when I was doing Best Week Ever in the multi-panelist format before the single host format, which killed it.

And we shared a studio space with the I Love The series of programmings.

Programmings?

I love the 80s.

I love the 90s.

I go back and love the 70s.

Then I love all of those things, parts two and three.

I love the 80s again.

And I still love the 80s even more than I did before.

You guys, I just thought I loved the 90s.

I was wrong.

Did I mention the 70s?

I've done a lot of work on myself, and I'm ready to commit to the aughts.

I'm really ready to re-evaluate my feelings toward the 70s.

Exactly.

You know what?

Not so hot in the 80s anymore.

Things have changed.

I'm a different person.

Boy, am I fickle.

Sorry I talked.

Tic!

Sorry about that, ladies.

We shared studio space with that series, and what would happen was the walls were very thin, because as everything with VH1, it was not a real studio, and people should not have been making television there.

So the walls were very thin.

And the way it was worked out, and there was never any discussion about this, but what would just happen was, whichever crew got there first had the right to complain about the other crew's noise bleeding through the walls.

It just naturally occurred.

I did not know this.

Oh yeah, it just naturally occurred that way.

So if we got there first and we could hear, I love the 90s, we'd be able to go over there and say, you guys, will you keep it down?

We're doing a TV show.

And then they would have to act like, oh, sorry, sorry.

But if they got there first and we were doing our show, they got to come over and say, you guys, we're trying to film over here.

And then we had to pretend like we weren't doing the exact same thing.

I wasn't aware of the rules that day.

There were no rules.

It was a totally arbitrary, ridiculous thing, but we all fell in step with it, just like some, I don't know, evolutionary mandate made us do this.

So there was one day, we are doing our show, we were there first, we had the right of complaint.

And so one by one, our crew goes over to complain about the noise, and one of our crew comes back and says, hey, you know who's over there?

It's Weird Al Yankovic.

And I said, oh, next time the noise is too loud, let me go over there and complain.

I have met Weird Al.

This will be hilarious.

I'll make a bit out of it.

We'll all have a good time.

So if I'm loud, you know, when I'm doing that stuff, every now and then I get to my whole character.

I do that, this whole thing.

Of course, it's comedy.

This is a comedy voice.

I scream and yell my head off.

That's the only way I've been able to make a living.

My hands are very soft.

So some noise is bleeding through the walls, and I say, oh, good, I'm going to go over there.

So I go over there, and I bust through the door, and I see, now in my mind's eye, this may not be true, in my mind's eye, you have one of your shoes off and your bare foot is up near your mouth, and you have a melodica in your hand.

A melodica?

I'm not remembering the melodica.

I'm sure I am making that up.

Sounds like a fever dream.

It could be.

Well, I did have that velveteen rabbit that I slept with for way too long.

So I bust in the door, and I say, weird, will you please keep it down?

And I'm thinking, this is hilarious.

And then your reaction was...

I was horrified.

You were horrified.

Because I'm a fan of Paul's, and I just thought, oh, Paul's come by to say hi.

Yeah, abject apology.

He's screaming, steaming his head off at me.

And he leaves, and I don't understand this has been to be ironic or anything.

Paul just is extremely upset with me.

Like, oh, oh, OK.

And I turn to the police and goes, screw Paul.

Just get to me as loud as you want.

But Paul wanted me to be quiet, and I don't...

And then Paul, this is like, he's just like three, maybe four times?

I think three times.

Maybe three times.

The third time was not the charm.

And then I decided not to go for a fourth.

I felt awful.

And I didn't realize until very recently that the whole thing, you were just goofing the whole time.

And it's like, after the first time, I thought, OK, I thought it was obvious that I'm doing a bit.

I got to make it super obvious.

So the second time, I go back in.

Even more over the time, I'm like, come on, weird!

And weird Al, I call you weird Al, weird Al apologizes again.

And then I leave, and I'm like, this is not going well.

I have to really make it obvious.

I thought, I mean, does he not hear that I'm calling him weird?

So the third time I go...

You would be the first Paul.

Let me put it that way.

I'm sure.

But of course, I realize that later.

Like, people just call you weird all the time.

And they always think it's hilarious.

Like, I bet nobody's done that before.

Yeah, exactly.

So after the third time, I'm like screaming, weird!

You are killing us over there.

And you apologize once more.

And I leave, and that's when I realize, I have never met this guy, ever.

I'm screaming at a stranger.

I think I know him because I've seen him on TV, like everybody else we have ever met.

So in front of the internet, in front of the radio listening community, podcasters, God and everyone, I apologize, weird Al Yankovic.

Well, thank you.

We should start a support group for comedic performers that random people will attach an arbitrary H to our surn ames.

Yes, please!

Did that happen to you too?

Yankovic all the time.

Yankovic.

Now is that the famous polka guy?

Is that how he spells his name?

No, he's Yankovic too.

The same as you?

Wait, there's a famous polka guy?

Frank Yankovic, the king of the polka.

Please.

Tick!

Please!

It's bad enough that you are talking out of turn again.

But you are ill-informed.

I will thank you to go online and do some research.

See, he's not kidding now.

Mock Frankie Yankovic on some other program.

You know how he's kidding in the past he did.

Yeah.

You are like the Joe Wilson of this podcast right now.

Yeah.

I'll let that dead air sink in, ladies and gentlemen.

Dead air on Indy 103.1.

Oh, can we get that again?

We will use that as a promo.

So, it is great to have you in the studio.

I understand you have something coming up that I just got to do, which was a blast, at the former Asinna family, the former silent movie theater that is this Sunday.

That's this Sunday, unless you listen to this podcast a week from now, in which case you missed it.

I'm very sorry.

It was great.

Why do people jip themselves into this?

Why do people jip themselves like that?

I love a fresh podcast.

Mmm, tasty.

This comes out day of, too.

It's like, Stephanie, this will be online later today, right?

Yes, it will.

How about that?

I'm sorry, I keep making Stephanie have to push up a dial, a knob.

I don't know if it's sold out yet.

I think there's like five seats in the whole theater, so if it's not sold out.

If it's not sold out, that's a shame.

Shame, shame, shame.

Shame on you all for not buying your tickets.

But I'm sure that it will be sold out if it's not already.

And the Sinner Family, the former silent movie theater, they do this series, I believe it's once a month, that Comedy Death Ray.

It's once a week, isn't it?

Is it once a week?

No, no, you're right, it's once a month.

They're stepping it up, they're stepping it up.

I thought I caused a panic, like War of the Worlds there for a second, where people were going to start shooting at water towers.

It is once a month, and Comedy Death Ray, Scott Ockerman hosts it with a comedian, and they show a particular comedy film and talk about the effect that it had on their lives.

Not necessarily comedy, though.

I think Patton Oswalt did some...

It was a weird thing.

Oh, what was that?

It was like Andy Kaufman was in it.

It was some strange...

It's basically anything you want to show.

Yeah, I guess it's anything that has informed your comedy in some way, that shaped you in some way.

And I showed Pee Wee's Big Adventure last month, which was so much fun to see with an audience.

And you are showing...

I'm showing Top Secret, starring Val Kilmer.

An underrated Zucker Brothers movie.

There's a lot of funny stuff in the movie.

I haven't seen it in a long time, but I have seen it as an adult, and I remember being pleasantly surprised, because I didn't see it when it came out, but there's a lot of funny stuff in that movie.

It's very funny.

It was really the sequel to Airplane.

They didn't want to make Airplane 2, they went and made Top Secret.

So this is between Airplanes 1 and 2?

I'll have to do the research on that.

It wasn't a palate cleanser after Airplane 2.

It could have been.

Let's go back to the thing we wanted to do.

Right.

No, but it's still the best movie that Val Kilmer ever made , as far as I can tell.

Are you including Batman?

Including the Batman.

He was Batman forever, I believe?

Let me think.

Batman 1, Batman Returns.

Yes, with Danny DeVito and Paul Reubens.

Wait a second.

No, that was Batman Returns.

That was still Keaton.

Okay.

I got my Batmans all mixed up.

It's hard, there's so many.

Jim Carrey was Batman and Robin.

After George Clooney, my mind just got bulk erased with the Batman series.

I don't blame you.

I might have hypnotherapy to do that, and I might start smoking again.

Batman and Robin was George Clooney as Batman, and Jim Carrey is the Riddler.

Arnold Schwarzenegger is the ice dude.

Were they all in that?

Everybody.

Everybody was in that.

And Drew Barrymore, wasn't she in there too?

Uma Thurman was Poison Ivy.

Not Drew Barrymore, who am I thinking of?

Alicia Silverstone was in there.

Yes, as Batgirl.

What a waste of money.

Wow, all these years later, I think we can agree.

Maybe we should have fed some people.

I watched that movie on a plane and I walked out of the plane.

What?

Weird Al, I hope you're telling me a joke.

Have you ever skydived?

I have not.

I never have either.

I bungee jumped.

Did you really?

I did.

May I ask, at what age did you bungee jump?

Let me think now, it was probably late 20s.

Okay, because I just heard that if you...

That's a good age to have your retinas detached, by the way .

Is that what happened?

No.

Now you...

I wish.

You normally, people have known you as a glasses wearer in the past.

Have you had LASIK surgery?

I had LASIK surgery about 11 years ago.

11 years ago!

And I can...

Your eyes continue to deteriorate.

Sure.

So now I do wear glasses with a small prescription in them whenever I'm going places where I need to see more than 10 feet in front of me.

Do you have prescription sunglasses, which are the best?

I...

No, I don't because I don't wear sunglasses that often enough to justify the enormous cost!

That's right, because you don't touch any of your record money, right?

You only use your live performance money.

That's exactly right.

Exactly.

Just a quick promo for prescription sunglasses.

Hey folks, are you like me? Do you not see so well, but light bothers you? Treat yourself to a pair of prescription sunglasses.

Excellent.

All right. I just had to get that in there.

And we can use that probably in future shows, right Stephanie?

You can just lift that out.

Oh, turn up the knob.

Do you have free glasses? How does that work?

What's that?

Do you have free sunglasses out of that?

Oh, I hope so. I hope that the Sunglass Council will send me some free sunglasses.

I think they listened to it a little bit.

Here's a little song for you, Bob.

They listened to it.

That's right, I get a big envelope with sunglasses in it.

Keep up the good work.

All right, we're going to listen to a little more comedy music.

This, I believe, oh yeah, this is a little Steve Martin from Let's Get Small.

It's a tune called Ramblin' Man.

And now ladies and gentlemen, the boarding house's present, the master of comedy, a little welcome to Steve Martin.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Well, that holds up.

What ever happened to him after that?

I think he made the Muppet movie and then he retired to the south of France and wrote novels.

Yes.

Ladies and gentlemen, this is a special segment.

Now, this is not part of the regular comedy death radio.

This is a segment I am inaugurating.

And I want you to imagine that I am Roy Scheider and I am waving my hands next to my face, looking in the mirror and smoking myself to death.

And I am saying these words.

It's show Tig.

I like it.

Thank you very much.

This is part of the Silverman exchange program.

That's right.

They get Scott Ockerman and we get Tig Notaro.

Exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah.

There has to be an even exchange.

We're going to visit with Tig Notaro.

Now is it Tig Notaro or do you prefer just Tig?

I prefer uh-t.

I like it.

I've been trying to shorten it.

I see.

I don't have time to be called by name anymore.

Are people going to be able to pronounce that when they see it in print?

I think so, yeah.

Is it a T apostrophe so people know that it's just sort of ...

It's just a little T.

But it's not T.

It's just a little T.

With a glottal stop.

Oh, like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.

Al writes me letters.

That's how he knows.

Does he really?

You guys have a legendary correspondence that was turned into a Broadway play.

Tig, we were in the Vancouver, we were at the Vancouver Comedy Festival together.

I know.

I wasn't sure if you knew.

And we had a ball, as we always do.

We did.

We had a ball.

We have a great time at these festivals.

There was a weird incident though, wasn't there?

When we were getting ready to do the Best of the Fest program.

Fest is short for festival.

And best is exactly the appropriate length.

It's full length for Best.

Yeah.

Best of the Fest.

Are you okay?

Are you choked up?

It's hard for me to talk about this, but I'm going to go ahead and push through.

Best of the Fest, Tom Arnold was hosting, right?

Star of the Stupids.

He was hosting Best of the Fest.

I was closing the show.

I had shown up a little late because I believe I was also at Yuck Yucks earlier that night.

Right, right.

We were doing Yuck Yuck's Exchange.

Yeah.

So I show up and I'm in the green room clowning around with my buddy Paul.

That's backstage for our non-industry listeners.

That is backstage.

Well actually in this incident it was under the stage.

We were in a basement.

That's true.

That was under stage.

Under the theater.

Under stage they call it.

Under theater.

Yeah.

So I walk in there, I'm hanging out and Tom Arnold comes in in a panic and sweating as he does going, oh what are you doing here?

What are you doing here?

And I was like, I was just hanging out before my set and he was like, I didn't think you were coming.

I thought you weren't on the show anymore.

And I was like, no.

I mean unless somebody didn't tell me.

He was like, you got pink lined.

And I said, I don't know what you're talking about Tom.

And he was like, you were pink lined.

You got pink lined.

I thought you weren't coming.

And I said, I have no idea what you're saying to me in your panicked sweat.

And he said, he pulled the piece of paper and brought it to me and my name had, somebody had highlighted my name in pink and then he decided to create a phrase and throw it around like everyone was just going to pick up on that.

And I go, oh you mean somebody used a highlighter, ran a highlighter across my name that to you is getting pink lined?

And he said, yeah I thought that meant you weren't on the show anymore.

I was like, what a weird conclusion to come to and then kick me off of a show because somebody highlights my name.

How do you know it's not to be like, oh here's the best of the best of the fest.

Yeah, well this is the darkest marker we could find.

It's too bad.

If there's anything worse than being understaged, it's being pink lined.

It's pink lined, yeah.

You don't want it to happen.

When I got home I got texts from people saying, I heard you got pink lined in Vancouver.

I saw that on a t-shirt at the gift shop at the airport.

I got pink lined in Vancouver.

It was filthy.

Yeah, with some of Tom Arnold's sweat on it.

That guy, he's got a lot of energy.

He does not.

I had to wake him up every time before he went on.

Well, he exhausts himself out there.

He's like a hummingbird.

He is like a hummingbird that can't fly.

He lives on sugar.

He lives on sugar is what I mean.

And he drinks flowers.

He's a sweet little man.

You also have, speaking of comedy festivals, you have your own comedy festival.

I do, speaking of balls, having a ball.

The Benson ball.

Were we speaking of balls?

You said we had a ball.

Good memory.

Yeah, well I don't really.

You're like Alex the parrot.

You figured out the colors of the keys.

I am like Alex the parrot.

I'm like Weird Alex the parrot.

Hey, stop it.

Weird Alex.

Hold on a second, Tig.

No, this is my turn.

You be quiet.

Al, be quiet.

Al outranks you.

Al, get out of here.

How honored would you be.

We're pausing, show Tig.

We'll be right back with more show Tig after this question.

How honored would you be if they named one of those smart parrots Weird Alex the parrot?

I cannot imagine greater honor.

All right, back to show Tig.

Hey guys.

So please tell us about the Benson ball in Washington's District of Columbia.

It's turned into an accidentally big comedy festival.

I did the DC festival last year and I had a great time.

And when I was hoping to come back this year, they said, oh , we're not having it.

And then I was like, I guess I'll put one together.

And then when I asked all my friends, almost everyone but Paul F. Tompkins said, I'll be there.

Yeah, I said I would not.

Yeah.

And then it turned into- I pointedly said I wouldn't.

I said, please pink line me from this festival.

I was sweating like crazy too when I was typing that email.

God, Paul.

I'm sorry.

I love you.

Please let's not get away from the important matter that you were discussing.

It's the Benson ball.

It's in October, October 22nd, 23rd, 24th, 25th, Thursday, the first night of the festival, Patton Oswalt is opening.

Patton Oswalt?

Yes.

And then Sarah Silverman and members of her cast such as me .

And we get more of an inhale.

It was still a gasp.

Come on.

It was still technically a gasp.

I call it an inhale.

I knew after I said that, I was like, that was kind of wrong.

I was so startled.

I saw that guy get hit by a car.

I inhaled, then exhaled, and then continued breathing from there on out until I died.

Wow, that got grim, that process.

And then I passed away and my family had to look into- It was such a happy interview to learn about.

I know.

I'm about to pass out.

You take it easy.

Have some more water.

Have an idiot.

I'm going to lie down.

You lie down.

Wait, did we get all the information out about the Benson ball?

I think so.

It's just going to be a lot of fun.

I don't suppose there's any way people can find out about it online.

No way.

They can't even get to the shows.

I don't even know why we're having this.

Tickets aren't even on sale.

It takes place in a city in the clouds.

Isn't that correct?

Yeah, you can go to Benson Ball, but it's spelled B-E-N-T-Z -E-N.

That's right.

Not the way you think.

B-A-H-L-L.

Now we're just needlessly confusing things.

There's a guy named Ola Benson that laughed to death watching A Fish Called Wanda in 89.

What?

Did you really not hear me?

I really ... No.

I am not stepping to you.

Is that true?

Yeah.

The guy laughed himself to death watching A Fish Called W anda.

Have you seen the movie?

It's been a while.

Well, now I'll never watch it again.

I was in intensive care one time.

But yeah, so it's the Benson Ball in October, but we're trying to make it all about the comedians.

We have a bunch of stuff going on during the day and after the shows.

I love a daytime show.

It's fun.

It's not daytime shows.

Get out there in the sunlight.

No.

There are local restaurants having tasting type situations.

Comedy tastings?

Comedy tastings of their food.

I love that.

People only say three words from their act.

It's just a taste of the words that I use.

This is my persona.

I'm angry.

I'm mad at the news.

You know what I'm tired of?

What?

Speaking of mad at the news, I'm tired of getting sarcastic news.

All of the news commentary shows.

Oh, you're saying it's not just Comedy Central.

You're saying that more and more cable news is becoming- Just anything where people are doing commentary on the news .

People are going, oh, really Obama or oh, really Osama or anything that sounds like that.

That I feel like- Really Shalama.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

When they say, oh, really Osama, I feel like they're soft peddling it.

They're diluting their message.

Really Osama bin Laden, both towers.

I want my comedy from comedians, not news people.

Here, here.

Thank ye.

Have you ever watched that Morning Joe on MSNBC?

No, but I will not.

Boy, that's like your parents' friends have a show.

Okay, you're going to hear some more music?

Please go online and look up the Benson Ball.

Is there an official website?

There is.

Well, Al was saying it, spelling it wrong.

It's B-E-N-T-Z-E-N-B-A-L-L.com.

Yes, you can buy tickets on there.

You can come see everybody.

All right, now we're going to listen to track four here.

Hold on a second.

I'm talking about myself.

Folks, every month I do this show at Largo here in West Hollywood called the Paul F.

Tompkins Show.

It is a variety show and it features comedy and music.

I thought it would be fun because so much of this stuff just goes into the ether and then it's gone forever.

This is an actual live recording.

This is a made up a cappella spiritual group called the Franklin Airs that I did with a couple of fellas.

This was our cover with Mr. John Bryan, musician John Bryan of Depeche Mode's Just Can't Get Enough, track four.

This particular song is about the sin of greed.

It goes a little something like this.

When I'm with you baby I go out of my head.

I just can't get enough.

All the things you do to me and all the things you say.

I just can't get enough.

We slip inside as we fall in love.

And I just can't seem to get enough of love.

We walk together, we're walking down the street.

And I just can't get enough.

Every time I think of you I know we have to be.

And I just can't get enough.

I just can't get enough.

It's getting hotter, it's a burning sun.

And I just can't seem to get enough of.

La la la.

I just can't get enough.

Ow!

I just can't get enough.

Oh, and when it rains you're shining down for me.

I just can't get enough.

Just like a rainbow you know you set me free.

I just can't get enough.

You're like an angel and you give me your love.

And I just can't seem to get enough of.

La la la.

I just can't get enough.

I just can't get enough, oh, I just can't get enough...

In your own personal Jesus Did you guys make out?

John Bryan, ladies and gentlemen!

John Bryan!

Danny, Davy, I'm Donna, with a Frank Linaire.

Yeah, that was good stuff, that was good stuff that I did.

Still holds up.

Thanks, Tig.

You're welcome, Paul.

Anyway, you guys, I was thinking about God.

Is there one?

And what should we...

Hey, Paul, we've got a caller on the line.

Stephanie, well, alright, I guess I'll...

Sorry to interrupt.

That's alright, I was gonna get into some heavy stuff, but let's take this call.

Hello, is the caller there?

Hey, Paul?

Yeah, hello.

This is somebody famous.

I just wanted to say you're doing a great job as guest host and keep up the good work.

Oh, well, thank you very much.

One quibble, though.

Okay, what is it?

Why are you always talking shit about George Harrison songs ?

What's that?

Yeah, man, why are you always going on and on about how George Harrison songs are terrible because they always have a stupid sitar in them?

Give it a rest, man.

Well, I don't think I've ever complained about George Harrison sitar songs, and if I ever did, by accident, I doubt that I went on and on about it.

And listen here, famous person.

Of course, to you, it wouldn't seem like a lot, but it's every other word out of your mouth.

Well, that's just not true. Have I mentioned it today?

I don't know. I'm not at the station. I'm calling you on the phone, remember?

Fair enough. Well, I didn't. And for the record, I have nothing against George Harrison sitar songs. I like them.

Why don't you just give it a chance? You might like it.

I just said I like it.

What's it like to be so close-minded?

I said I liked it!

Come on, just listen to this.

♪♪♪ That was love you too.

Were you doing that with your mouth?

I don't know.

What do you mean you don't know?

Hey, hey, hey, here's within you without you.

No, don't...

♪♪♪ Oh, right.

♪♪♪ Okay, why don't you stop? Okay, that's ridiculous.

Wow, man, have some respect for the dead.

Well, I... Wait a minute, you sound like you're making fun of it.

Yeah, I am a little.

Are you even famous?

I was on the news once.

Oh, yeah?

Yeah, they were in my neighborhood doing a story on vandalism and they interviewed me.

Really?

Yeah, they asked me what I thought about all the vandalism and I said, it's a real shame.

Great.

I really meant it.

Okay.

Who is this really?

It's Paul McCartney.

Wow!

Hey, you know, you don't have much of an accent.

I went to broadcasting school.

Oh.

Hey, why are you calling me and slamming George Harrison?

Well, I'm the last surviving Beatle and I'm afraid people are going to remember me in a bad way.

So I'm talking shit about the other guys.

Hold on a second.

You're not the last surviving Beatle.

What about Ringo?

Oh, shit, that's right.

Okay.

Well, I gotta go.

Nice chatting with you, Paul.

Not to be a dick, but it's Sir Paul.

Okay, Stephanie, cut them off.

All right, folks, I do apologize about that.

Sometimes we think that we're going to get nice callers and sometimes the callers are not so nice.

And then sometimes the Beatles call in.

And then sometimes the Beatles call in and you don't recognize them.

I don't think that was really him.

What?

Al, don't say that.

Okay.

I wish there weren't so many liars in the world.

And hypocrites, which the Lord says I spit them out of my mouth.

All right.

We're going to listen to track four.

This is Tenacious D with Dio.

Wait, track five?

Let's call it.

No, it's track four, I think.

No, it's track three.

Let's say it's track three.

Probably doesn't matter.

Pick a prime number.

Sweet.

Indie 1031.

Dio has rocked for a long, long time.

Now it's time for him to pass the torch.

He has songs of wilder beasts and angels.

He has soared on the wings of a demon.

It's time to pass the torch.

The world's a rock, no more rockin' for you.

Was your mind blown?

It was.

I bet it was.

I let all those noises play out.

Well, folks, during the break, I heard two of the most exciting things.

First of all, Tig is playing Joan Jett's mother in a movie about the runaways.

Then Weird Al directed Sir Paul McCartney in a motion picture.

I wish we had time to talk about that.

Shoot!

I know!

It's too bad.

Well, what else is going on?

Well, I mean, you have your Largo show, right?

I do have my Largo.

Come on.

First, very quickly, if you can, tell us about the experience of working on...

Are you a Joan Jett fan, by the way?

Huge Joan Jett fan.

Like growing up, she meant a lot to you?

Still growing old, she means a lot to me.

I didn't mean to mean that you cast her aside like an old toy.

No, huge Joan Jett fan.

And I thought, as a child, I'd love to be Joan Jett or maybe be in the runaways or something along those lines.

I didn't think I would be playing Joan Jett's mom, you know , but it feels right.

Sure.

But it's a little bizarre.

It's the first time I've worn a dress since I was five.

Really?

I have on heels a dress, a wig.

What period are we talking here?

The 70s.

Okay.

Yeah.

So some sweet 70s.

Was it a maxi dress?

I don't even know what that is, Paul.

It might have been...

You mean a maximum dress?

Yeah.

Did you get the maximum out of it?

Like you went to some funerals, baptism?

It was a total maxi dress.

And you...

Admortized the costume of the dress.

Exactly.

Because they made you buy your own dress, right?

That's right.

It was very low budget.

It was a low-budget.

No shoestring production.

Yeah.

They did provide shoestrings, though.

Isn't that nice?

They wore my maxi dress to hold it up as suspenders.

Sure.

And Kristen Stewart, the Twilight young lady, is playing...

Yeah, she's playing Joan Jett.

Dakota Fanning is playing Cherie Currie.

It's the same production company that did Into the Wild and Brokeback Mountain is doing it.

Sure.

Absolutely.

And it's just wrapped, as you say?

Your part is wrapped?

I am wrapped.

I believe it is edited and it's coming out, I would say, in the next few months.

Six months.

Can you be in it?

No.

Yes, can I be in it?

Let me make some calls.

I would like to play Lita Ford.

Can I ask, can I take a guess as to the title?

Sure.

Is it called I Love Rock and Roll?

It is called The Runaways.

I didn't realize.

I only get one guess.

Thanks, Tig.

All about Joan.

I love rock and roll only comes in.

How do you guess Cherry Bomb?

Well, you know, I figured because...

Well, yeah, because you said it was about The Runaways, not just about Joan Jett.

But I guess when people's parents are introduced into the mix, I automatically think, well, it's gonna focus mainly on the person that we know the best .

Yeah, I mean, it's Joan and Cherie Currie.

Those are the main people the attention is on.

Does Del Shannon make an appearance?

I don't know.

Paul, are you okay?

I'm glad you dignified that.

Sorry, I forgot to inhale.

You mean gasp.

I wish something surprising would happen.

Now Weird Al, you said you directed Sir Paul McCartney MBE in your film.

I was lying.

Why did you?

No, no.

Does it sound cool?

No, I did.

In Al's brain.

Yeah.

Now, how mind blowing an experience was that?

First of all, I did a 3D movie called Al's Brain, which played at the Orange County Fair this summer.

Puyallup Fair recently.

If you missed it, if you want a few unfortunate people that missed it, it'll be back next summer at the OC Fair.

Now it will be released on home duty.

It will not.

It is a 3D experience that you can only see in the facility where it's intended to be.

I kept my 3D glasses from Up.

That'll work.

Are you saying I did that for no reason?

I'm sorry, please continue.

So it's a 10 minute movie about the brain and it's sort of like a question and answer kind of format.

And we have like my mother-in-law asks a question like random people.

Fabio's in it as well.

So I guess Fabio, my mother-in-law, and Paul McCartney are all in the same room.

Tim and Eric, Patton Oswalt, and Tom Lennon as well.

But we had one specific question that we were saving, saving, saving for a big star cameo.

And we put out the calls to like the A++ list people.

They weren't returning our phone calls.

And we got down like, should we call Gary Coleman?

You know.

Wait, I love that Tom Lennon and Paul McCartney are in the same movie.

They are.

One degree of separation.

Oh, weird.

Weird Al.

I'm sorry.

That's so hacky.

I meant chilling, chilling.

Chilling Al.

That's a less popular artist, Chilling Al.

So like five weeks after we made the original contact, and we're down to like our C- list artists that we're trying to get a hold of, I get a call at 8 o'clock in the morning at my home.

It's like, yes, this is Paul McCartney's office.

When would you like Paul to be on the set?

Like, what?

And I was just trying to hold it together long enough to be coherent and not make them think I was completely out of my mind.

And basically I got to go to the Coachella where Paul was playing.

We set up our cameras and everything.

And we had three minutes of Paul McCartney's time.

And I got to direct Paul McCartney.

Wow.

Nice guy.

Wonderful guy.

Took direction well?

He did.

He did a little bit, but he got into it.

I guess the last time he had worked with a director was give my regards to Broad Street, right?

And that was the first time I met Paul McCartney.

Oh, really?

I met Paul McCartney in 1984.

Somehow I got invited to the premiere, and it was me and a pre-Batman Michael Keaton to bring in the whole Batman thing again.

Was he night shift Michael Keaton at that point?

He might have been.

But he was just kind of starting out.

We're both like little fanboys, like, I wonder if we're going to get to see Paul McCartney.

And I asked one of the PR people, could I meet Paul McCartney?

And they were saying, no, I'm afraid not.

He's a very, very busy man.

He's talking to the media.

So I'm getting closer and closer to Paul as he is being interviewed.

And in fact, if you look at old MTV footage of that interview, you will see me popping up in the background.

In fact, when they play it on MTV, Mark Immelt is like, what is weird Al doing jumping up and down behind Paul McCartney?

Like somebody on the news.

Yeah, right.

Is he trying to mock this?

When you saw him on the set of your film, did he say to you , Hey, I don't know if you remember me.

We met at the premiere.

Oh, that Paul McCartney.

Oh, it was a long time ago.

It's all coming back to me now.

I mean, I know you meet a lot of people.

I don't expect to remember everyone you've come across.

It's a good Paul McCartney.

Hey, it's not bad.

I've never done it before.

That's not bad.

Fresh out of the box, I never will.

Show take.

Well, folks, we are out of time.

You guys, thank you so much for being here.

This was a blast.

Thank you.

I hope I did a good job.

Thank you to Scott Ockerman.

Did I mention Benson Ball?

I'm talking.

I want to thank Scott Ockerman for giving me this chance.

I hope I did you proud, Scott.

I hope you got to work today on the set of the Sarah Silver man program.

We're going to say goodbye.

Don't forget to BensonBall.com for TIG's Comedy Festival in Washington, D.C.

We are the Yankovic.

Everything that he is doing, please check it out and enjoy it.

Everything.

Absolutely everything.

We are out with a little song called Chocolate Cake by Lin- Lo.

And what track is that?

I think I'm going to call that track five for sure.

I'm going to stick around.

Awesome.

Yeah, please stick around.
