His Comedy Central special Beta Male premieres this Saturday, July 20th.

Kumail Nanjiani is back on the show.

He's returning after a long absence.

Plus, a couple of old favorites return.

All of that and more all on today's...

♪ I hosted this podcast before it was cool.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ooh, I did!

Truth in Comedy.

Thanks so much to Brennan for that catchphrase submission.

I hosted this podcast before I was cool.

Before I was cool. Before it was cool.

I don't know what I'm saying anymore.

Uh...

Hollywood days.

Hot Hollywood days.

We're in the midst of summer here!

And that's the weather report.

Comedy Bang Bang Weather Report, of course, every week.

Tune in to hear what the weather was like on the particular day when we recorded this.

My name is Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And this is a great week.

July 15 is the date that is the first opportunity you will have to hear this.

And unless you're in Hawaii, because it's five hours later and this would be released the day before, I guess, technically.

So hey, Hawaii! Enjoy it early.

Um...

Scott Aukerman, Comedy Bang Bang podcast.

Maybe you are new to the podcast because the TV show just debuted the second season on Friday.

And welcome.

We, uh...

This is, uh...

The format's a little longer.

We talked for a long time.

I have a couple of guests on.

And I'm trying to explain the show somehow.

It's just not sounding good.

Anyway, you'll like it.

Um...

Welcome.

I also clear my throat really excessively.

I may not have spoken very much today, and that's going to come up at some point.

And Hollywood Days, I've said that.

And look, we have a great guest with us here today.

He hasn't been on the show in a few years, I have to say.

Is that true?

Yeah, probably a couple of years, I would say.

A couple of years.

I don't know what is wrong with my brain, why I wouldn't have you every week.

Have me on every week.

Yes.

I'll be here.

Okay, great.

Hollywood Days with Scott Aukerman.

That's my territory.

Okay, sorry. I'm sorry.

I don't know.

I'll take next week off his penance.

Okay.

He is a great comedian.

How long have you been in L.A.?

I've been here slightly over two years.

You're kidding. Just two years?

Yeah.

How did I have you on the show?

I was living in New York.

I would visit and I would do the show.

New York!

New York Day!

That's mine.

New York Days?

You have Hollywood Days.

I got New York Nights.

I'll allow it.

Kumail Nanjiani is here.

Thank you for having me.

Of course.

Magical.

I'm trying to remember the last time you were on the show.

I could look it up.

I think I might have told that John Mayer story.

Yeah, I believe you did.

And that gained a little traction in the press, as I recall.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I kind of feel bad for him now.

For John Mayer.

Fuck that guy.

Okay.

So, no, I'm sure he's great, right?

Yeah, he's great.

Yeah.

You told a story, and a lot of people just checking in.

By the way, you know what episode you were on?

What?

69.

Oh, yeah.

I only do episode 69s of podcasts.

Wait a minute, this is 231.

Well, I'm breaking my rule, because it's a multiple of 69.

Don't do the math.

Oh, that's right.

You were on with Lock and Key, who is a great band.

I don't know if you remember that.

That's right.

And they were really funny.

And Tom Lennon was there.

Oh, yeah, Tom Lennon played little, doing little, little baby face.

What's his name?

Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.

You mean baby face Kenneth Edmonds?

Ha, ha, ha, Kenneth Edmonds.

I haven't heard that name in a while.

Ha, ha, ha.

You told a story about John Mayer, or was that on your first time?

That might have been another time.

That might have been the time.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Because I remember you telling me while we were still in the radio station.

Yeah.

This should be just a recap of the last time I was on.

Yes, Hollywood recaps.

You told a story about how John Mayer insulted you when he was doing standup comedy.

Yeah.

It was a very, you don't have to tell the story again.

No, no, no, I just feel bad now, because we all have bad nights.

Sure.

But not all of us are John Mayer, so it doesn't get written about or told about.

That's true.

But you know who you are as Kumail Nanjiani.

Yeah, that's right.

And so from here forth, henceforth, hereforth within?

Heretofore, I think.

Heretofore thin, thin, thin?

I think it's Thin Mints.

Thin Mints?

I think it's Thin Mints.

Okay.

So here to Thin Mints.

From here to Thin Mints, people shall be speaking of you anytime you have a bad night.

Well, I don't think I'm quite a John Mayer.

Have you grown as a person?

Is that why you feel bad?

I just feel bad.

I saw him somewhere randomly walking around and I was like, oh, he drinks water and he's like a normal person.

I don't feel bad.

So you're saying that a great majority of his body is made up of water.

I would say at least 70%.

That's the vibe I was getting.

What if he was one of those rare human beings who had almost no water in his system?

You know what, I buy that too.

And he constantly has to drink it.

He is very handsome.

He's like very pretty.

His face is so symmetric.

I hate it.

I hate people's symmetrical faces.

I saw him without a shirt somewhere and it looks great.

You have a symmetrical face though.

Well, I mean, I don't think it's super symmetrical.

I don't think that's the only criteria for beauty.

I think with the shit that's symmetric also has to be good.

It has to be the right.

Arranged in the right way.

Yeah.

I tell you half of acting is purely just having a symmetrical face.

It really is.

It truly is.

Because people don't go, they don't have a weird feeling when they look at you.

It's something that I have to strive to overcome.

Like I have to be extra good just to have like baseline be okay.

Like that guy who plays Superman.

If he didn't look like that, he wouldn't be Superman.

No.

It's not like he's acting so great like Superman where we go, wow, the qualities of that guy.

If I looked like that guy, I would have been in that Superman movie.

I'd explain shit.

What?

Excuse me, Camille.

I'd fucking explain shit.

Hold on, wait.

I didn't hear you slip in.

Hey, look, it's Paul Giamatti.

No, I've been sitting here the whole time.

Thanks, Scott.

Sorry to interrupt, Camille.

No, that's okay.

That's okay.

Just sitting here with an asymmetrical face.

Nobody even pays attention in real fucking life.

It is one of the most asymmetrical ones of all time.

Well, it's funny you bring it up because I can fool facial recognition technology.

Technically you have an asymmetrical body too if you turned it on its side where one side would be much wider than the top part.

And at the end, you know, some of my side saddle is a little bit sentient too.

Sentient?

Yep.

What is that?

Wait, you're- Yeah, under the rib cage.

There's a little pocket of fat that, you know, sometimes it steals the same.

This got weird early.

Hold on.

Wait, it talks to you?

Starts out fucking weird.

Hey, everyone, Paul Giamatti is here, actor Sideways.

I'm sure you're tuning out.

Actor Sideways.

Switch the radio station.

Speaking of Sideways, turning you Sideways would- That's how I got the part and they cut it out because they thought it would be too fucking interesting.

They cut out the scene where they turned you Sideways.

No, they cut out my sentient side saddle.

So now I only have half of one.

Okay.

It's a brain dead side saddle.

Sorry, I didn't notice you in the corner there.

Kumail, have you- Nobody would.

Have you ever met Paul Giamatti?

I have, but I didn't know about his sentient side saddle.

So you've met him, but you did not know about this.

No, he usually didn't bring it up.

Thanks for remembering.

I've been to the show, I've been down to Melt there.

Oh, so wait, so you went to Kumail's show.

We'll talk about- I paid tickets.

I paid for the full ticket price.

You paid tickets for the tickets?

Show up.

Next time, we can do a half ticket.

Give half tickets for the ticket.

Oh, so I get to straddle the doorway, is that it?

Yeah, Sideways.

The sentient saddle being doesn't get to come in for free.

Paul can't hang out in the green room.

No, it's not a performer.

I'm not a performer.

No, the sentient sidle- What do you want out of a performer?

Let me ask you that, Kumail.

Hollywood's golden boy.

Yeah.

Let me ask you what you want in a performer.

I want someone who doesn't have a sentient sidle.

Like, I think that turns people off.

We're calling it a sidle now?

What is it?

Sentient sidle saddle?

What is it?

It's a- technically it's a growth.

Okay, I don't- people don't want that, right?

They go to movies to forget about their growths.

All he could do is complain.

That is an interesting question.

Do people go to movies to forget about their, like, moles and like skin tags and stuff?

When you're in a great movie, you're not thinking about your warts or your herpes or whatever.

What? Okay, and there are- My fans are a real legion of mutants, shall I put it that way?

Yeah, if you're watching a movie and you're like, oh right, I have this mole still, that's a bad movie.

There are beautiful people out there who have warts and stuff like that, you know.

And fans of the show, I'm sure, I hate to bring it up because what if you have one and all of a sudden you're aware of it, you're just listening to a comedy show, you're trying to enjoy yourself.

But I think that would be interesting.

Like, are you constantly aware of your warts while you're doing anything, even watching a movie?

I know I'm aware of every single gray hair that's on my head all the time.

I have like seven or eight of them.

And so I think it's going to be like that, right?

I'm constantly thinking about my pubes.

Real complaints. Are you?

Yeah.

I got one white pube.

Real complaints from the sexually active golden boy of Hollywood.

Wait, hold on, Kumail just dropped a bombshell.

Kumail? Yeah.

You got one white pube?

Yeah, and it's horrible.

I, oh God.

Where, on what part of your body?

Well, on my pubic area.

Oh, okay, so not your- Not my nose.

Or your under- Is that also pubes?

Underarms are pubes, aren't they technically?

No.

I don't think underarms are pubes unless your arms are dicks.

Well, you, well, I don't know about that.

Your arms may be dicks.

Technically, your arms are the dicks of your appendages, I would say.

In a way, yeah, I use my arms to fuck.

Because they reach out, you know what I mean?

Like, compared to your legs, and people call your dick your third leg a lot, but I think they're more like arms.

I really wish I had an arm for a dick, or a dick for an arm.

Wait, either one.

Either one, instead what I've got, What do you have?

What I've got is two testicle sacks under my arms.

Toe testicle sacks?

Two. No, the number two, Scott.

Oh, okay.

You have two testicles?

One plus one equals two fucking balls right under my armpits.

Well, deodorant application must be a nightmare for you.

Well, yeah, I gotta use Gold Bond.

Does it feel like getting kicked in the balls every time you put on under, or underarm?

Every time someone gives me a hug?

Yep, ever since I was a child.

So that's why you don't have as much love as other people do.

I don't have a receptor in my brain for human love.

Every time someone hugged you as a child, it felt like getting kicked in the balls.

It felt like I'd been kicked in the balls by someone in a soccer field.

So when you say you don't have a receptor for that in your brain, is it because you had it turned off because it hurt too much?

No, well, you know, the body is a wonderland.

Oh, I will speak to quote John Mayer.

Yep.

So wait, you're- Sorry to bring that up again.

So five minutes in- But he said that to me as he chemically altered me.

His body- Wait, John Mayer chemically altered- Chemically altered my body to be a freak show.

Wait, so you're a mutant because John Mayer made you that way?

Yep, Camille and I really share a thing.

Kicks the shit out of my story.

Hold on, hold on.

Kicks the balls out of my fucking body.

Your story, and I encourage people to listen to it, but I mean, it's like, listen to this.

John Mayer kidnapped you, chemically altered your body.

How did you know that part?

I didn't even say it.

Well, I assume you didn't go willingly.

It doesn't sound like a thing you would- I spent the middle 12 years of my life kidnapped and underneath a porch.

Under John Mayer's porch for 12 years?

Well, no, it's various porches.

Is the song- So while he would go on tour, while he would go on tour- He would always stay in a place where there was a porch and stash me under it.

Oh, okay.

That must be hard to find a place with a porch.

All I had to eat was silkworms.

Silkworms, my goodness.

So is the song, Your Body is a Wonderland about you?

Yeah, it's meant to be a real counterpoint to what he ever did to me.

Is it like a clue that he was leaving for people?

You know how like when murderers leave clues- Oh, like serial killers do.

And they're always poetry, at least on TV.

Or puzzles, there's riddles.

Yeah, roses are red, violets are blue, I killed this guy, what are you going to do?

No, he didn't have to disguise it much.

I escaped a few times and told the police and they'd always take me back.

They took you back to him?

They dropped me off.

They said, maybe you'll make something of it.

He's too symmetric to be doing this stuff, I bet they said.

I wonder if he experimented upon himself to make himself so symmetric.

So he's the good experiment and you're the wrong one.

You might, yep, you might say that when there's beauty out there, there's a real ugly troll.

So was it- He sucked the energy out of me with tubes.

Was it, so now was he- I used to be an Adonis!

Did he- Wait, you used to be an Adonis?

I used to look like a fucking statue!

Oh.

Like a Superman.

Yeah, like a good statue.

Like a good, okay, I was going to say, there's not a bad statue of you.

No, but ironically, now that I'm almost getting there, they start to make statues of me and I look like a fucking centaur.

Wait, who's making statues of you?

Nobody's making statues of you.

The ugly, the ugly.

Oh, the ugly makes statues of you.

The forgotten.

This is how I see you.

They, as a testament to your ability to rise above your ugliness and make something of yourself.

Yep, and then I get, and then I land a big part in Spider-Man 2 and here I am, stuck in a rhino costume.

That's, I didn't want to mention your rhino costume.

Why don't you take that off while you're not filming?

Well, they physically grafted it onto my body.

Is it to hide your underarm testicles?

Yeah, they thought they were doing me a favor to finally have a blockbuster hit and here I am, the fucking rhino.

So wait, now I thought the rhino was a character that existed, pre-existed in the comic books, but.

Oh, yep, they thought it would be a real big hoot.

So when you auditioned, you didn't know what you were auditioning for?

They didn't say?

You know, Michael, Kumail, you're an artist, you know?

You go into a part and you say, I'm going to go for this, you know?

I was at Yale, I just came off of production Hamlet.

Oh, who'd you play?

I played Polonius.

Oh, okay.

Like I have before.

Yeah, I'm sorry about that.

Every time I'm cast in Hamlet, they make me Polonius.

I could see you as.

And they stab me, I had 14 stab wounds over the run of the court of the play.

Oh, so Hamlet actually stabbed you.

Who stabs Polonius?

We only, yep, Hamlet stabbed me, Gertrude stabbed me, Claudia stabbed me.

Everyone's ever, it sounds like everyone in the play stabbed you, even though it's not in the split.

Ophelia slipped my throat on the fucking preview night.

Why would everyone stab you if it's not in the script?

And something about my pheromones begs people to physically assault me.

Did John Mayer do that to you?

He changed my, that's what the testicles give off.

Fuck me, pheromones.

No, that's different from stab me.

No, I meant it in the worst possible way.

Fuck me up, fuck me over.

Oh, okay, the worst kind of fuck me, stabbing.

Oh yeah, I really wish I could get a good pounding.

You've never had sex before?

Oh, sure, I've had sex.

Oh wait, you want someone to pound you?

You know what, Scott?

I want somebody to find a way to touch me.

I'll keep my arms down.

Scott, Scott, is there any way you could possibly throw me a bone here?

Wait, you want me to fuck you?

I don't know.

Well, Scott, just put your hand on my face.

Oh.

Will you stroke my rhino horn?

Okay, yeah, I guess so.

I mean, I'm a big fan of the Spider-Man comics.

I've always wanted to stroke the rhino's horn.

Here we go.

Do it for Stanley.

Okay.

I don't know about that.

Ah!

It's the first human contact, and I'm a fucking pachyderm!

I'm a fucking pachyderm!

No, God!

Oh, come on.

Can we get some water here to bring this up?

What was that that secreted all over me?

The hell, that was shit.

That was cum.

That shit.

Oh, cum!

That's an experience I've never had before.

I guess my pipes were rerouted through the rhino horn.

Wait, Marvel did that to you?

Or John Mayer did that to you?

No, no, John Mayer signed me over to Stanley, and he rerouted my pipes straight to the rhino horn.

You're just getting passed around, like Hollywood royalty?

Passed around and experimented on, yep.

Stanley's like at 140.

What interest is he taking in rerouting all your pipes?

I wish, I want to say this, Kumail, I wish I could really be passed around like a real slut, you know?

Yeah.

But they passed me around, and they said, medical experiment target!

Well, but, you know, I mean, so.

I'll tell you what Stanley gets out of it.

Yes, what does he get out of it?

Stanley is a fucking pervert.

Oh, I get it.

And he's experimenting on his actors to turn them into animal hybrids, just like.

What?

Yep, yep.

So, for instance, Robert Downey Jr. is Iron Man.

Is he an animal hybrid as well?

Is he like a, he looks kind of like a coyote, doesn't he?

He has a coyote butt.

Like a manicured goatee coyote.

He has a coyote butt and he has facial hair.

Like the world's most fuckable coyote.

Like they've shaved every part of the coyote except for that goatee.

Yeah.

I'm known as the go-to guy to experiment on when you want to have it go wrong.

What did they experiment on you for other movies?

For instance, Sideways.

Sideways, I was physically mated with cows.

Oh.

Did you have your underarm balls then for Sideways?

Or is that later?

No, because in the Howard Stern movie, they completely castrated me.

The balls were put on afterwards.

Wait, so they castrated you first and then gave you other balls in order for, so did your penis now work?

None of it works.

Nothing works.

It's all there to give off hate pheromones.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

But you do have a penis down there.

Yep, but it's not a functioning penis.

It's not functioning?

What is its function then?

Well, it's just there to be exhibited in art galleries.

Oh, okay.

Wait, so you, it's attached to you and you go to art galleries and you just stand there, look at.

I don't go to art galleries.

They pop up wherever I end up.

Oh, it's a pop up job.

At a craft services table, suddenly a bunch of fucking artists come around and start gawking at me and driving nails into my dick.

This is, come out.

Driving nails into your dick?

I can't feel it.

I have no nerve for any kind of pleasure or pain.

This sounds more like a carnival, like a, you know, a Jim Rome circus type thing.

There is a lot going on.

There's a lot going on in this story so far.

Believe it or not, Kumail, this is my day to day life.

Every day is like this.

Every day is a struggle.

A day in the life of Paul Giamatti.

Boy, who knew?

Slap, kick, experiment, castrate, do it all over the fucking game.

Nail ball.

I was sure the sentient side saddle would be the weirdest thing.

Oh yeah, I mean, how do you top that?

Now that's like the most normal thing about Paul Giamatti.

Yeah, who cares about that?

You've got, you're eating silkworms.

You've got balls in your underarms.

Your brain can't handle love.

Yep.

It's a wonder that I'm able to change my form so well.

Just disguise it all.

Just to look normal to you humans.

Well, I don't know, it's 100% working.

Wait, hold on though.

It's quite not.

Wait, why do you say you humans?

Well, if you'll, well, nope.

If you'll notice, the image that you see of me periodically squiggles in and out like a radio interference .

Well yeah, I've noticed that in every one of your movies.

That's because I'm projecting an image of myself to look less hideous than I really am.

This is like a glamour, really?

A bubbling, pus-filled, goddamn juice, open knife wound of a human being.

Kumail, can I ask Paul Giamatti something?

And I hope you don't mind.

Of course.

Because I know you're the delicate sort.

I'm a juice box full of butter.

Please, please.

Do you mind dropping the facade completely?

Just so we can just kind of see exactly what you're going to?

Trust me, Scott.

You don't want to see it.

No, we want to see the juice box full of butter.

Nope, I'm going to do it.

If I did it, I did it one time when I was doing a progressive commercial, and they dropped me from the campaign.

Why would you do it during the commercial?

Because I wanted them to fucking love us.

Talking about humans and the thing about humans.

And then I dropped the facade, and I killed everyone in the room, just like Medusa.

They turned to stone.

I'll go, well, I'm ready to try this.

Yeah, I don't mind turning to stone.

Just for a second.

Yeah.

Please.

But cover one of your eyes.

Cover just one?

Cover one of your eyes.

Does it matter which one?

I'm going to cover the right one.

Trust me.

I'll do the left one.

Behold as I uncloak myself.

Look upon me in despair.

Ah!

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Come closer.

Oh.

Ah!

Oh, god.

Did you get a body full of cement in your belly?

No, no, no.

That was a partial Medusa reaction.

You know, next time you can get into the show for free.

Thanks, Camille.

You know, that means that.

That really means a fucking lot.

Really means a lot.

I'm going to have to ask you to leave, Paul.

You just want me to walk out?

I got to turn the thing back on.

Fuck!

You want me to walk out like this?

No, turn it on.

I can't.

It's not goddamn working.

Don't go outside like this.

I'm supposed to start shooting Downtown Abbey tomorrow.

Oh, my favorite, Downtown Abbey.

Look, we have to take a break, Paul.

Fuck!

Now I got to walk out on Sunset Boulevard looking like a goddamn terrorist.

Here, put on this white sheet.

There you go.

Now you just look like a ghost.

There you go.

Stay away!

All right, we'll be right back with more Co-Real Comedy Bang Bang right after this.

All right, thanks.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Camille Nanjiani.

And before Paul Giamatti came in there, boy, that was weird , I got to tell you.

That guy's a fucking nightmare person.

Yeah, I don't like hanging out with him.

He was also saying you humans, and we never got to the bottom of it.

We never figured out what is he.

Is he an alien, or was he starting out human in the John Muir experiment on him so he's not human anymore?

I hate to get any more back story from that guy.

It just gets sadder and sadder.

There is a lot going on.

Yeah, there is.

I do want to ask you, Camille, about your special.

We wanted to talk about your, is it Comedy Central special?

Yes, it is Comedy Central.

And it's a special of your comedy.

Your stand-up comedy.

My stand-up comedy, I'm standing the entire time, my pace.

So it's sort of like a filibuster.

It's kind of like a very short filibuster without anything good happening.

But probably more content, in a way.

Now, you're not reading letters from people who've been affected by tragedies and stuff like they do in filibusters.

No, no, no.

Is that what they do in filibusters?

It's amazing that that's a real thing you can do.

It's like, I'm just going to talk, so this won't happen.

So I'll just read some letters.

It's called Beta Mail.

That's right.

It's on this Saturday, the 20th.

And on Comedy Central, what time?

Midnight.

You know, I really said Saturday at midnight is the best time.

That's when everyone's home.

That's when everyone's home, loves comedy.

Stay home.

Watch this.

Saturday, July 20th, Beta Mail.

That's going to be good.

How long have you been working on this, and is it an hour or a half hour?

It's an hour.

And I've been working on this for years and years.

Your entire life, some might say.

In a way, I would say my whole life.

There's stories in there from when I was 10, so yeah.

From when you were 10.

Do you tell the John Mayer story in it?

I don't.

OK, good.

You don't want to spread that around.

I don't want to spread that around any more than I have.

But tell the story here.

All right.

So I'm doing a show.

And Beta Mail, what is the significance of the title?

If I may be so bold as to ask.

It's like not alpha male, but beta male.

Now, I had put it down as M-A-I-L, like it was Google Mail beta version.

No, no, no.

Like the second half of my name?

No, M-A-L-E, like a dude.

I would say the second half of your name is your surname.

But you mean the second syllable of your first?

Yes, I am sorry.

I am sorry.

We're good.

Oh, can I tell you the first show I ever did in LA, you actually hosted.

Yeah.

The devil you say.

I was only using my first name at that point.

I was just saying Kumail.

I was just like, I was going to say Lady Gaga, but now I'm realizing she has two names.

You said.

Like Madonna.

And we hadn't met.

Yeah, you said this next performer has only one name, like Madonna or AIDS.

Here's Kumail.

And I bombed.

I'm sorry.

No, it was great.

My apologies.

It's very funny.

Where was that?

It was at MBAR.

Oh, great.

It was one of those like Aspen showcases or something.

Oh, yeah, I remember.

You guys had to do those, and I felt like you didn't have to.

Oh, OK.

We wanted to for you guys.

You had a regular death ratio, and then you had this.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It was a death ratio.

I thought it was fun to do those.

As far as I know, no one got in from our showcases.

I definitely did not get in.

Why did you start using two names?

Go!

Well, just because it's my name, you know?

There's a long story.

Yeah, Nanjiani is just the balls under my arms.

Do you consider the surname to be the testicles of the human being?

I mean, look at how it sounds.

It's not like a pretty sounding name, you know?

It's kind of pretty.

It sounds Italian.

It does sound a lot.

I put an Italian spin on it for several years when I first got to know you.

Nanjiani!

Yeah, I think, yeah, it works.

Nanjiani.

Come pick up some Nanjiani for me.

Wait, what is that?

Is that like a kind of?

Go to the market and pick up some Nanjiani.

Is that a kind of like fish or pasta?

Some olive oil and some Nanjiani.

I'll get a chicken Nanjiani.

And beta male, so it's the beta version of email.

Great, got it.

OK, and that's on July 20th.

Almost the opposite of what I said.

July 20th and midnight.

Beta meaning the second letter in the alphabet of Greece.

In the alphabet of Greece.

That's how they say it.

That's how English works.

Very good.

This is going to be a good special just from this conversation I can tell.

This is in the special, actually.

We're recording this for the special?

No, no, no, I had it already.

Transcribed.

Yeah, I did it already.

I'm just reading this.

OK, great.

It's a lot about how my last name is Italian and.

Sure, yeah, yeah, and male, male.

Alphabet of Greece.

Yeah, exactly.

All that kind of stuff.

Well, this is good stuff, Kumail.

Thank you so much for dropping by.

Thank you so much for having me.

All right, we'll be back.

No, I mean, you're around the whole time, right?

Yeah, I'm around the whole time.

I'm around the whole time.

So now what I did want to ask you is how much do you love being a comedian?

Oh, God, isn't it the greatest?

I mean, I get to speak my mind and people pay me money for it.

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

Oh, God.

That's some good.

Oh, yeah.

Good observations there.

I mean, you know, something weird happens to me.

Like, I see a rat fucking a cat.

I'm like, oh, that's funny.

I should know a bit about that.

They rhyme with.

They rhyme.

With hats.

Yeah, and you would think it would be the other way, the cat's fucking the rat.

But I think that's what comedy is.

Comedy is rat fucking the cat.

Just turning expectations upside down.

Yeah, you take life and then you add a rat fucking a cat to it.

Yeah.

That's comedy.

That's good stuff.

What's the first thing you ever observed?

I was like, my hands are so small compared to my father's.

So I have a lot of material on that.

OK, good.

It doesn't really apply anymore.

My dad's hands are just slightly bigger.

And I have to have, like, visual aids to show people.

And you're constantly putting your hand up against your father's hands to see if the situation changes?

Yeah, it hasn't changed.

I think we're sort of settled in.

Once he starts getting older, it's shrinking.

He's not getting older right now.

Right now, no, he's put a hold on it.

Oh, good for him.

Yeah, he's looking great.

Well, you know, he should have stopped before he was in his 50s.

How's his face?

Symmetrical?

Yeah, he's a handsome guy.

Yeah, you look like him, or do you look more like nobody?

No, I look like a...

I saw, when I see pictures of myself now, I look like him, which is not good.

When you...

And how often do you see pictures of yourself?

I see him almost every day.

What's going on that you're looking at pictures of yourself ?

Well, my house is like Mark Maron's garage.

There's just pictures of me up everywhere.

So Mark Maron has pictures of you in his garage everywhere?

Yeah, I know, right?

Weird.

What a creep.

Yeah, he's not a...

Yeah.

Hey, I do want to ask you, and this is serious, and let's ...

We've had a lot of fun here.

We have had a lot of fun, Rat Cats and stuff.

Rat Cats, other stuff.

We've had some fun, but let's talk about the Meltdown show, because it's also a Comedy Central.

I mean, some would say, look, you know, Comedy Central, you're on for an hour this Saturday.

That's enough, Kumail.

No.

Knock it off.

No, no, no.

More.

You think more.

I think more.

I mean, this isn't going to be till next year.

Yeah.

Sure, I think more.

The news just broke.

It's all across Deadline Hollywood.

Oh my God.

Nikki Fink said, told you, Meltdown show gets order.

Double digit comments.

I mean, everything's going great.

Double digit, really?

Yeah, we hit 10 yesterday.

Nice.

Yeah, I've been really campaigning to get up there, and we celebrate it.

Nikki Fink comments are the smartest people in the world about show business.

It is amazing.

They're like Hollywood insiders.

They're so mean.

They're like the worst.

Oh God.

Hey, if you can't handle the snark, get out of the website.

I like that.

That's not a saying.

That's me telling you that.

No, but I like that.

That should be a t-shirt.

I don't care if you like it or not.

I'm telling you, if you don't like the snark, get out of the website.

I like the snark.

The snark is good.

What was that?

Trademark.

And tell people about this Meltdown show.

First of all, it's very beginnings to its very endings.

Every little detail.

We're not at the endings.

We've not at the endings yet.

Okay, well then the current moment.

The current moment.

It's a show that I host with my friend Jonah Ray, who you know, and my wife, Family Gordon, produces it.

My wife produces it.

You know what?

That is still funny.

It's great.

My wife is very funny.

It's very nice.

It's nice.

My name is Kumail.

Pick up some nandiani.

Well, you know, this is true.

My wife's family did call me Borat for the first year, and that is not a joke.

That's not a joke.

That is not a joke.

They did call me Borat for the first.

But I think he came from a place of love.

You know what I mean?

Let's not explore it anymore.

I mean, they probably loved that movie.

Yeah, and they were like, who's this new guy?

Not even the right continent.

Now, it doesn't help that you are carrying a briefcase and you're wearing a gray suit.

I know I wasn't wearing the suit.

I was just wearing that weird like underwear thing.

Yeah, thing.

And saying my wife constantly doing bits about fucking my sister who's a hooker.

Oh, right, right, right.

But it's a show I host with Jonah Ray, and it's going to be a show on Comedy Central starting next year.

It's a live stand-up show at Meltdown Comics.

Meltdown Comics.

And how much money does Meltdown, the store, get now that this is a show because it's named after their store?

They get some amount of money.

They get a little bit of this.

They get a little bit of cheese.

Yeah.

A little bit of the green stuff.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

A little lettuce for their tomato.

They're the tomato?

No, their girlfriend is the tomato.

Their girlfriend is the tomato and lettuce is the money.

Yeah, yeah.

Are there buns involved?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, OK.

Then I'm on board.

Chk, chk, chk, chk, chk.

Oh, yeah.

So you made a pilot, which, look, let's get...

People who are not Hollywood insiders, who are not commenting on nickyfink.com, a pilot is a test show.

Yes.

Right?

Yeah, we did one episode, and then they look at the one episode, decided they're going to do more, and we had...

Are we going to do it or are we going to not do it?

What do we do?

Yeah.

Like, that's them in their minds.

Like, oh, let's decide when we look at it.

Oh, OK, let's watch it first.

We'll make a decision later.

Yeah.

Do it, not do it.

Let's pop it in the VCR and we'll decide after that.

We're not sure yet.

Let's watch it and make a decision.

Sure.

Yeah.

This is them.

And it had like...

Yeah, so now this is not them anymore.

No, no.

Now this is us.

OK, this is us.

This is me.

What are they going to do?

Did you do it?

Are you going to do it?

You're going to not do it.

Have you guys decided?

Just let us know.

And now this is back to them.

OK.

Oh, we haven't watched.

We just started.

We hit play, but then I had to go to the bathroom.

And then you called and so I pushed pause and I just started watching it.

OK, now this is not them.

This is us.

OK.

Oh, I'm sorry for calling.

I'll leave you alone.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So just call me.

I'll give you 20 more minutes.

Call me when you're done.

What do you think?

What do you think of it so far?

This is them now.

This is not me.

This is them.

OK.

I just started.

I don't know.

All I saw was the credits.

I just saw the credits.

It looks good.

Just so far.

I don't know.

I have no opinion.

Looks good.

OK, now this is...

This is not them.

This is you.

This is me.

That was really...

What do you mean looks good?

Does that mean that...

Why so high pitched?

Are you lying?

Yeah.

OK, now this is not me.

This is them.

I mean, to tell you the truth, I've watched the whole thing .

I have some issues.

There's some concerns we have.

Right.

This is you.

This is not them.

Not them.

This is you.

No, this is me.

OK.

Oh, OK.

What kind of concerns?

OK, now this is them and not you.

OK, now this is not me.

This is them.

OK.

Well, I mean, you know, the background color wall of the...

No, that's back to me.

OK.

Are you trying to say that the color of the wall in the background is wrong?

This is not me.

This is them.

No, this is them.

OK, OK.

So this is not you anymore.

This is not me.

Now I'm going to be them.

You're going to be them at this point?

Yeah.

OK, so if you're listening to this, which I hope you are.

Yeah, you should be.

Now realize that this is not Kumail anymore.

This is them.

This is actually them.

I'm sorry.

Could you repeat that?

The phone cut out for a second.

OK, so now this goes back to them, I would think.

No, no, now it's me.

Now it's me.

Now it's you.

And it's not them.

OK, their phone cut out.

OK, great.

Yeah.

Now this is me.

I'm sorry.

Did you...

Were you trying to say that the color of the wall wasn't good?

Now.

OK, where are we at this point?

Now it's not me.

I don't want to get confused.

It's not me.

It's them.

OK, great.

They're saying...

They say, no, I thought the color of the wall was fine.

Huh.

There were issues.

I thought the comedy wasn't funny.

Oh.

I thought the comedy wasn't that funny.

OK, let's sidebar here for a second.

So did you make a show that was not funny, Kumail?

No, this is me.

This is you.

We made a show.

No, no, no.

They thought it was very funny.

They thought it was funny.

So what is this whole reenactment bit that we're doing now?

They were doing a joke on me.

Oh, this is a prank.

If we'd let the whole scene play out.

We would have seen that all of a sudden there's a camera there, there's a camera there, there's a camera there.

Yeah, it's a very tightly scripted scene I was doing.

Oh, OK.

Wait a minute.

Oh my God.

Who is this?

It's a tightly scripted scene.

That was a glimpse into what's really happening.

Oh my God.

In the controlled situation that is Hollywood entertainment .

Jesse, the body, the mind, the soul of Ventura, what are you doing here?

If you say all three, you get a wish granted.

Well, I just did.

What do you want?

Um, God, wow.

I guess I would ask for a turkey sandwich, no mayo?

Dude, he could just make you a sandwich.

Don't ask for that.

That's a waste.

Yeah, but it's not magical.

I'm an atheist.

It's all rational.

You're going to get your wish.

You'll get a rational sandwich.

But I got to go down and buy the ingredients.

Well, yeah, that's the thing.

I knew that, you know, I can't just wish for anything.

It has to be something he can actually achieve.

But he is bound by the compact of wishes in order to do it.

How do you know?

You just asked for a very normal thing.

Well, you said science.

Most people have.

I'm going to get you the turkey sandwich.

I hope you do.

And I hope you do it very quickly.

Well, then can I ask for something fantastical?

No, you didn't say the three things.

Nope, it only happens once.

People eat blue.

The mind, the body, the soul.

OK.

That's all.

All right, here we go.

Can I get a turkey sandwich?

Fuck, I fucked it up.

All right, two turkey sandwiches.

Mayo mustard.

I said no mayo.

You see miracles happen in a third party system.

No mayo for me either.

No mayo?

No.

Do you mind running down and getting that?

Thanks.

Yep.

Do you have change?

We have to take a break.

Yep.

We have to take a break.

We'll be right back.

Mustard.

Yeah, no.

No mustard.

No mustard either.

Can I get cheddar?

Shit.

You think he hurts?

Yeah, he's out.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back with Kumail.

And guess who came back with our sandwiches?

Jesse the Governor Ventura.

The Governor?

Are you still Governor?

Technically I never resigned.

Well, I would think I have someone new in the position.

You don't resign.

Just the time is up.

Are you familiar with the gubernatorial politics of the Minnesota State Constitution?

Kumail?

No.

Why do you say his name with a suspicious bend?

I feel like you...

What do you mean, Scott?

Are you being racist?

Yeah, the way you say my name makes it racist.

What's racist about saying your name?

It is Kumail, isn't it?

See?

Look how racist it sounds.

He did it again.

You have a look on your face when you say it like you suspect him.

You think it sounds racist to merely pronounce the word Kum ail?

See?

There, you're doing it again.

You're cocking your head to the side with a suspicious look like you think he's a terrorist.

It sounds like the N word when you say it.

I have a physical disability where I'm more suspicious than most people.

Well, that is true.

We do know that.

By the way, there is a little bit of mayo on this sandwich.

Yeah.

Is that mayo?

I thought it was...

It's a white substance.

Well, you wouldn't believe it.

I was down there in the street and they have the whole block cordoned off with police officers, helicopters, SWAT team.

Apparently Paul Giamatti is rampaging.

In his rhino costume?

He's in full rhino costume.

He looks like a maniac.

Someone needs to kick him in the armpits.

He's oozing fluids.

He has two swollen testicles.

Kumail, if you'll remember, that costume protects the armp its.

Oh my God.

He has no weaknesses.

I'm sorry.

It's not mayonnaise.

It's actually some kind of a spermological facility.

Wait, a spermological facility is down there?

Well, it's a spermological facility runoff.

Okay, so it's sperm?

It's a little runoff sperm?

I haven't analyzed it.

Did you analyze it, Kumail?

I ate it.

No, don't do that.

Analyze this.

What?

Sorry, that.

You want me to analyze that?

Well, first I have to analyze this.

What?

Third base.

What?

I wonder if John Mayer knew that in putting Ant Stanley and putting him in that rhino suit, he would no longer have any weaknesses.

He has no weaknesses.

Much like adding adamantium to Wolverine's bones.

I see that.

Oh my God.

I went down there.

I consulted.

I told him how I would have cordoned off the area.

I gave some consultation as to how to handle the hazmat.

Well, I talked to the SWAT team and I said, here's how I do it.

I gave them a free consultation.

I also do tarot readings.

The way you say that word, again, also sounds like the N word.

A consultation?

I don't like the way it's...

What's racist about that?

It just sounds bad.

I don't have a racist bone in my body.

If you want to find racism in my physical corpus, you have to go to my epidermis.

Wait, so your skin is racist?

My skin is slightly racist.

All skin is.

That's where racism comes from.

That's right.

So wait.

I learned this from harshly judging the wild Samoans when I was commenting.

I think you're just racist and you're looking at other people's skin and assuming that you're...

I'm not racist.

It's just certain types of skin types who think that I am.

I don't know about that.

Yeah.

You look at other people with different skin color and you think they're racist because you don't like them.

No, I don't.

I sat down with the iron sheik and I escaped from his camel clutch and we shook hands.

When you say a camel clutch, when you say the iron sheik, by the way, I don't like that.

I don't like that.

That wasn't my nomenclature.

Do you have a problem with the way that Vince McMahon packages his wrestlers?

I kind of do.

Yeah.

He's very racist.

Do you think it's racist to have racial stereotypes?

Fighting against each other, playing good and evil?

What's racist about that?

Might be the very basis of racism.

He has a...

You think that racism began with professional wrestling?

I don't know if America would get behind you, Camille.

It might've started there.

Don't say my name again.

I just want to get along.

That's like the anti Beyonce.

I don't.

Yeah.

I'm the anti Beyonce when it comes to you.

Don't say my name.

Don't say my names.

Don't say my name.

That's going to be my theme song.

Jess Jess.

May I call you Jess Jess?

Sure.

I know a guy named Jazz Jazz, by the way.

You should, you should get together with him.

Jazz Jazz.

Yeah.

You're Jess Jess and Jazz Jazz.

That'd be fun.

You guys should do a thing together.

I'm not signing on to let people call me that except for you.

Cause I have a level of professional respect.

Thank you for me.

Thank you so much.

So just just what are you doing here?

Well, I wanted to come on the show.

Great.

All right.

Well, it's great to have you.

So Camille.

Well, what I want to do is I'm going to try and say your name in a racist way.

Oh yeah.

Go ahead.

Hey, very good to see you, Jesse Ventura.

That doesn't sound racist.

That sounds like you're struggling.

You need more suspicion on top of that.

That doesn't sound racist.

It just sounds like you're struggling with a language that 's not your first.

All right.

So you need suspicion, not contempt.

Yeah.

How's it going?

Jesse Ventura.

That's Jesse Ventura Ventura.

That sounded funny.

What do you have against the central coast?

How's it going?

Is that where you're from?

The central coast?

I don't know anything about you.

I know you live in Mexico.

I live in Mexico.

I'm from Minnesota.

I spent 10 years off the grid in service of our country as a Navy seal.

I'm currently a free independent walrus.

Although you do belong to one organization, the Enigma Force Five.

Yeah, but it's currently our activities have gone underground ever since Edward Snowden came out and the NSA scandal broke.

And the Kuehl Hauser, of course, he's not an active participant anymore.

He's not an active participant.

He left behind some codes.

He left behind an extensive last will and testament.

So you have to divvy up his responsibilities.

It's the Codex Hauserus.

It's a secret document.

Oh my God, the Codex Hauserus.

This sounds amazing.

I would love to.

This is like national treasure.

I would have to, I would have to induct you into a secret society.

Oh, which one?

Enduct him.

Oh, okay.

I don't know if I want to be inducted.

Induct him, induct him.

I don't want to be inducted.

Can I, can I do it?

Wait, Kumail, you don't want to be part of the Enigma Force Five.

I want to do it.

It involves several body slams.

Okay.

And a suplex off the top rope.

All right.

I'm going to do it.

And then I'll be in?

Yep. And then you're heading, and then we put a robe on you and then, and then there's candles and it's a book of pictures.

By the way, there aren't five of you.

It was just, uh, Huell and, uh, uh, Jesse here.

And they were looking for three other members.

So Enigma Force Five currently is just you?

I'm the only active member whose, whose membership is publicly known.

There are activities that have to remain off the record.

But are there any other members?

No.

There are provisional members.

Like who?

Switzerland.

They have a non-voting seat.

You would induct Kumail here into the Enigma Force Five?

I would induct him with duct tape.

Would it just be me and you hanging out?

That's what Enigma Force Five is.

I don't hang out.

I wouldn't hang out with you, Kumail.

If you want to sit down and solve mysteries in a van, I'll do that.

Yeah, that's hanging out.

Just that's not hanging out.

He basically drives around in a Scooby-Doo like van that has the Enigma Force Five painted with flowers around it in a seventies font.

Nothing sounds- It's written backwards so that we can be seen in a mirror.

If we're coming up behind you.

But isn't the point that your secret?

So why would you want people to know?

They are, they can know who we are.

Okay.

They can't know our day-to-day operations.

They can't know what we do.

I was a Navy Seal.

Are you aware that there's Navy Seals?

Yeah, but- Did you know that there's one in the room with you right now?

But they're not painted to look very, very non-camouflaged.

Like this van, you could just follow it around and know what we're up to.

That's the van that you see.

Oh, there's a decoy van.

For every van that you see, there's another van that you don't see.

Is that why you need me to drive the decoy van?

Is that what my job is?

I'm not telling you the details of the operation.

Kamel's not signing up for this just to be a van driver.

Look, I'm under-screwed.

If there's a drone strike, I don't want to die.

He didn't come to this country to be like a taxi driver.

I came here to not have drone strikes happen to me.

Okay, you know what?

I'm on board.

You're on board?

I just, yeah.

All right, we start tomorrow.

There will be a group of people who kidnap you, ask no questions.

Is it just you?

If you scream for help, it'll turn out that you're just charged with terrorism.

Oh, geez.

By whom?

A secret shadowy organization.

Oh, you don't want to be charged by them.

I know.

That'll never get in the papers.

No, I'll be in Gitmo.

No, you won't.

I'll, it'll be in my secret facility.

You have a secret facility.

I have a lot of secret activities, facilities, object du arte, little baubles, kitsch.

Are you lonely ever since Huel went away?

I'm not lonely.

I never went to Huel for any kind of friendship.

I never got any kind of camaraderie out of him.

Yeah, but you both asked a lot of questions.

I've lost friends.

Have you lost friends?

I've been in combat.

I know, but...

I lost junkyard dog.

I lost macho man, Randy Savage.

And I felt like a part of me had died.

Is junkyard dog dead?

I don't know.

You seem kind of...

I lost him though when we were in the supermarket together.

You seem kind of depressed, I have to say.

Like you seem down, you know, like the last couple of times I've seen you ever since Huel's gone and Randy Macho Man Savage.

Because you know what I'm weeping for is our country.

Oh no.

What I'm sad for is these United States of America.

Not your friends dying.

Not those other United States, but these United States.

Jesus wept, you know, recently from what I understand from Governor Huckabee.

Yeah, Jesus wept.

I don't agree with him on that.

Jesus wept because he was cutting onions.

And I have no problem...

I want to say I have no problem at all with any of the gay marriage.

I'm fully in favor.

Oh, okay.

Yep.

I don't think government can tell you who to love.

I've had an awakening over the years about gay marriage.

Oh really?

You used to have different views.

Well in the 1980s I believed that you're all a bunch of slack-jawed faggots and that was my position.

But I've since come around...

Is that really a position or just something you would scream at people?

Doesn't seem like a...

When I was hunting predators I said it over and over again.

To the predators?

I said it to whoever was listening.

I said it to the craft services lady.

She was a slack-jawed faggot.

Hey look that's the way I talked. It was the 80s.

Reagan was our king and I was serving him trying to do eliminate the predator threat.

Thompson Twins had a number one hit with Hold Me Now.

We all vividly remember what happened.

It's a different time.

I faced off against Ted DiBiase and the Omni in Atlanta.

We know exactly what the 1980s was about.

We all talked different back then.

We said words that we're not proud of.

I would say groovy.

I've had an evolution on this issue.

What I think is that these gays have talents that we don't understand.

Oh here we go.

So they've God-given talents that we need.

Yep.

I know this because one of them literally pulled a thorn out of my paw.

What?

Yep.

I think I could have done that and I'm not gay.

I don't think that's specifically gay.

No you'd have to grant him a wish.

It took a certain amount of sensual homoerotic tenderness.

In order to soothe you?

Yep because there was a defensive reflex that I have in my hand.

Oh that's right.

Anytime anyone touches your person...

If it's a threat.

If it's a physical threat.

Yeah.

I immediately establish a defensive posture.

Is it a suplex?

What do you do?

Well I'm not going to tell you what it is but I'll get low.

I get low.

I get my center of gravity low.

Lower than you can imagine.

How low?

Like three inches off the ground?

We're talking centimeters.

Oh my God.

You just lay down on the ground?

You lay down on the ground.

If I touch you you lay down on the ground.

I'm capable of some very deep knee bends.

Wait so you're just laying down on the ground and curling up at a ball.

Is that what you're saying?

I'm laying...

Well what I'm doing is bending very deep with my knees up next to my shoulders.

In the fetal position.

But on my feet.

Flat on the feet.

Okay.

Fetal position upright and then I held out my paw and I call it a paw.

Sure.

What'd you call your father?

I called him...

I called him Dan.

D... Dan?

I called him De Dan.

De Dan.

Okay.

De Dan.

I'm very hazy on the loved ones and personal details of my life.

Wait I remember Huel Hauser was hazy on his details because he blacked out basically until he wound up on a naval ship when he was 20.

That's that's the way it works.

If you have a...

If you live in the spotlight, if you're crucial to world history, there's gonna be some moments of blind spots.

Wow.

I have two giant blind spots where my mirrors don't work.

Mmm.

Just behind me to the right and the left.

They're literal blind spots.

I think...

Or are you talking metaphorically right now?

Metaphorically?

No I have blind spots.

I can't see certain places.

Oh you mean out of the back of your head?

No one can do that.

Yeah that's not just you.

Yeah but I have a series of mirrors set up.

Oh okay.

Interesting.

I have some side mirrors set up.

Oh that's where they stick out of the feather boa.

So tell me why you're here though because you're weeping for the country.

I'm weeping for the country.

I'm sad about what's happened.

So what is this...

Our government is not the government it used to be.

I mean...

We're spying on citizens.

You don't believe it?

No I don't know that I disagree.

I don't know that I disagree is what I'm saying.

Scott did you realize that the NSA is recording every moment of this podcast?

I bet they are.

I think we are too.

We are.

They're but they're recording it and listening to this right now.

We should tell them not to because they could wait and just download it.

Every moment of that...

Every moment of this podcast is being listened to by someone who may or may not think that you're a terrorist .

How does that make you feel?

I mean it's always nice to meet a fan.

And if you have if you want to do anything nominally illegal you want to protest against something you want to maybe do some drugs they're going to come after you and arrange a car crash.

How do you feel about that?

I think it's terrible.

I mean I've been saying it for years that we're in trouble in this country.

We are trouble in this country and I think it's about time that a patriot stands up and just physically stands up because I'm tired of these people sitting down.

And you're physically standing up right now.

Just physically standing up and I think it's time that this country...

Well the microphone doesn't want to stand up.

All right why don't you sit down.

I'm going to back down.

Nom I symbolically stood up.

Okay.

Yep.

And I think it's about time Kumail that somebody...

Don't say my name.

I think it's about time that somebody takes some leadership in this country.

That's true.

Kumail I want you to take some leadership.

Do you want me to do it?

Am I the guy?

You might be talking about yourself.

I was about to...

Are you saying me?

Wait or Scott?

I think that everybody needs to come together and maybe yeah but I was thinking about...

Scott.

Running for...

Do you have any political ambitions Scott?

Not really but I mean now that you bring it up in my head ...

I was talking about...

You seem very like confident in Scott's ability.

Yeah Kumail you cut me off.

Don't say my name.

Well look you're what you're doing right now I understand what you're doing.

What am I doing?

You're doing the same thing Garrison Keillor did.

You're trying to sabotage what I'm doing for the people.

Garrison Keillor did that to you?

Yep Garrison Keillor was my biggest foe in the state of Minnesota.

He...

Oh okay.

I thought he meant in the wrestling ring.

My political foes as governor were...

There was a triangle of evil and it was Garrison Keillor, Norm Coleman, and Prince.

And they did everything they could to sabotage me.

Prince was against you.

Yep.

I defeated his dark magic.

Is that what the uh...

They're an Illuminati light.

Is that what the gold experience is?

The gold experience?

Yeah that was one of his records that came out around that time.

I'm sorry I'm not up on the reference.

I wonder though if that's like the Illuminati.

It is like the...

Gold Illuminati?

Yes!

You'll notice what may or may not have been happening to the price of gold in the last few weeks.

Oh what may or may not have happened.

Well I don't talk about extremely current events.

I see him went up or down.

So you want one of us to run for president?

Nope that's not it.

I was here to run for president.

Oh we're sorry.

Way off.

I would be open to a cabinet.

Could you do that speech again and this...

I won't...

Yeah we won't interrupt you this time.

Go ahead and do that.

Well I think the American people have been sitting down long enough and I think it's time that somebody stands up to talk in a way that people understand that it's okay to have a president.

Sit back down because the mic's not here.

Yeah you've got to be close to the mic.

There we go.

I think that it's time that somebody run for president and undo what's been done.

Let's do it.

You and me.

Yeah.

Co-presidents.

You and me.

We could do co-presidents.

That would be so awesome.

I don't think there's any base of support for you guys.

I've already run for office.

Oh wait.

Yeah and did you...

Oh yeah you did win.

We forgot again.

He's talking about himself.

I'm sorry do the speech again.

We're not gonna interrupt.

Do the speech again.

Don't stand up.

This whole thing was supposed to be flirty in the other direction.

I was supposed to go no no I don't want to run me.

Maybe if they demand that.

Now you're begging us to shut up during...

You know what?

No we'll say.

We'll beg you.

I think it's time that somebody stands up and runs for president.

Don't stand up.

Take this country back.

Don't stand up.

Maybe that's been the problem if I stay at eye level maybe you'll ask me.

Yeah so start over and we won't interrupt you and we'll be like oh it should be you right?

I think in a country where the democracy is kept in the dark about what's going on in the secret government I think that has to stop and somebody needs to stand up and do something about it and I think it's time that somebody run for president and take the country back and it's not going to be a republican or a democrat.

It's not going to be anybody from one of the southern states or western states or east coast states.

It's not it's going to be in the continuous US but it's not going to be Alaska or Hawaii.

Okay the 48.

It's probably somebody who spends time overseas perhaps in one of our neighboring countries.

Is this a weird game of 20 questions?

What's going on?

Look I'm not saying I should run for president Kumail.

He finally did it.

Kumail I'm not saying I should run for president.

I'm saying whoever it is should probably be from the Great Lakes area and or southern Mexico.

Prince?

Is he talking about Prince?

I'm not talking about Prince.

I think he's talking about Garrison Keillor.

Can it be Garrison Keillor?

Prince and Keillor together.

Garrison Keillor can't surf.

Oh I've never heard that before.

How dare you say that?

He can nose whistle.

Garrison Keillor can surf.

He can only surf very boring waves.

Oh how dare you sir.

Garrison Keillor can surf or my name isn't Scott Ockerman.

Fine fine let's do it this way.

Garrison Keillor, Prince, Kumail Nanjiani, Scott Ockerman, Hillary Clinton, Marco Rubio, and me.

I will see who comes out.

It'll be a royal rumble.

Are you ready for that Scott Ockerman?

I'm ready to take you down!

I'm standing up and I don't care if the microphone's with me or not.

I'm ready to take you down!

Whoever's the mind, the body, the soul Ventura.

Whoever's thrown out of the ring last is gonna be the one who's president.

That's how we're doing it from now on.

Actually he said mind, body, soul so does he get another wish now?

Wump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump.

Tickets are available.

Tickets are available now in a city near you.

I'm looking forward to this.

We should probably put this on our calendar.

Yeah.

One of you guys free.

The first Tuesday in November.

I could do that.

This November?

That actually works.

It does not not work.

So you I don't know.

I'm not sure.

Could we make it Wednesday?

I have my show on Wednesdays.

Deal.

Oh, Meltdown is on Wednesdays?

You guys show up in Wednesdays.

Meltdown is on Wednesdays.

Too bad.

You think the Constitution stops just because you have a comedy show cool male?

Well, but if I need to be there.

See that time I was trying to be racist.

Yeah, you succeeded.

Succeeded.

All right, maybe I can get free on the Tuesday.

Let's do this.

So this Tuesday you want you want the three of us and Hillary Clinton and Mark Rubio and Prince and Garrison Keillor.

Yep, it'll be the first debate.

Oh, this is a debate.

I thought we were actually going to wrestle.

Well, if the American people decide that it decides the election, I'm down for it.

So you think whoever wins a wrestling contest or a match?

It'll be very intellectual, Scott.

I think Prince might win this thing.

He's great.

If it's on musically on the musical category, yes.

I think the wrestling he puts out a pheromone, you know, our friend Paul Giamatti puts out a pheromone, but he puts out a You're calling back to something I wasn't there for, Fred.

Well, we're just telling you.

I'm telling you something.

Yeah.

I'm not calling back anything.

Yeah, we're just talking.

Look, I'm a full supporter of the team of rivals.

And if I'm elected president, I will reach out to those people who ran against me.

So Kumail, if you want to be the secretary of comedy, I may be looking out for that office.

Is this an addition to Enigma Force Five or whatever?

The Enigma Force Five would be my version of the shadow government.

It would be like the New World Order, but mine.

And it's really just sipping lemonade and talking shit about world events.

But for the overt government, yes, I think you could be the secretary of comedy.

Or maybe nuclear energy, since you have experience with meltdown.

Okay.

All right.

I thought he was going racist.

But he's actually making a funny joke about your share.

Comedy Bang Bang, I think that Scott, maybe you could be the secretary of health and human services.

I want to be the...

Bang Bang, I'm the guy with the finger on the button of the bomb.

How about I put you in charge of covert operations?

Oh, I'd like that.

Wait, how come you're going to win?

Comedy Bang Bang.

How come you're going to win?

How am I going to win?

A massive uprising of the young.

I don't know.

It's never happened before and it'll never happen again.

But this one time, the independent-minded voters are going to turn the TV off and vote the way they believe.

I don't know.

Which is...

It's socially liberal and fescally conservative.

That's the way it is.

I think the problem is people who are old enough to vote don't want to vote for you anymore.

Why do you think that is?

I'm very popular with anybody who's ever seen anything.

What do you think Prince's platform would be?

It would probably be about 10 feet high from the audience and a lot of pyrotechnics.

It would rise up from the ground.

All right, guys.

Well, I wish we could talk about this all day, but we have one last thing here to do on the show.

And it's a little something we call Plugs.

Plugs.

All right.

That was Plugs by Danny Wildcard.

Wildcard.

Hey, Danny.

Thanks for submitting that Plugs theme.

If you have one, head over to Earwolf.com.

Put it in the Comedy Bang Bang message boards under the appropriate thread and you can be famous for a week.

And Danny Wildcard, you're famous this week and this week only.

So next week, you're nobody.

So guys, let's open up the old Plug bag.

What do you have to plug, Kumail?

Well, as we were saying, July 20th, Beta Mail, my Comedy Central special.

Follow me on Twitter at KumailN and listen to the Indoor Kids podcast on the Nerdist Network, which is a podcast about video games.

And you host that?

I do host it with my wife, Emily V.

My wife!

See? It's good!

My wife!

Okay, so KumailN is your Twitter handle.

Yes.

Okay.

You did those so quickly, almost like you were trying to get out of the Plug bag.

Oh, no, no, no.

I just want to make sure everyone knows all the info.

Beta Mail, July 20th.

Yeah.

It was like you were embarrassed by what you were saying.

Here, let me do it again.

Oh my God.

So many things I'm so proud of.

July 20th at midnight, Beta Mail, which is my Comedy Central hour-long special, comes out.

Watch it.

Twitter at KumailN.

N as in Nanjiani.

Kumail as in...

As in, go get me some Nanjiani and olive oil.

Exactly.

It's that Nanjiani.

And the indoor kit is the video game podcast.

That you host with...

My wife!

There we go.

That's what I wanted.

I just wanted you to repeat that.

My wife!

I want to plug this Wednesday, San Diego Comic-Con.

I will be at the House of Blues.

Are you going to be there, Kumail?

I don't know, but I love Comic-Con.

I go every year.

Oh, if you're there, I'd love to see you.

Awesome.

I don't...

Have I ever seen you at Comic-Con?

I don't think so.

What is the...

What?

I see everybody there.

Do you?

Yeah.

Why have I never seen you there?

We'll text.

We'll figure it out.

Are you lying about this?

No, I go every year.

But this Wednesday, House of Blues, the 17th, July 17th, House of Blues.

I'm going to have special guests.

Do not go to Doug Benson's Doug Love Movie Show, which is at the same time at a different venue.

Don't go there.

Go to my show.

I want to bury that asshole Benson into the fucking earth.

All right?

Yeah, I'm with you.

You're not going to be there, are you?

At Doug's show, you better not be there.

I'm going to be there.

What?

Yeah.

Yeah, I'm going to do Doug's show.

No!

I just decided it now.

Yeah, let's do it.

Sure.

House of Blues, get there, 8 PM.

Going to be a very special Comic-Con show.

If you see me at Comic-Con, say hi.

Also, this Friday, episode two of Comedy Bang Bang TV show, IFC, 10 PM.

This week, we have Aziz Ansari and Nick Kroll are our guests and the two great friends of the show.

This is a really funny one.

We have Chris Maloney is in this episode.

What?

Echo Kellum, my wife, cool off.

We'll be there.

And that is this Friday at 10 PM.

This is a really funny episode.

I do not want you to miss it.

Jesse, do you have plugs that involve your wife?

I want to, well, you know, my wife, uh, is your what?

My wife is very, you're right.

Yep.

She's my wife.

No, do, do, do, do, do the thing.

My wife, my wife will stand behind me no matter what I decide.

If you're interested in finding out about me, go to www.j esseventura4, the number four.

Just like Prince.

President?

Question mark com.

It's not dot com.

It's question mark com.

Because you don't know if you are president yet.

www.jesseventura4, the letter four.

President?

Question mark com.

Okay.

Yeah.

And once you become president, will it become a dot com?

I can't tell you that.

Secret information.

I'm going to guess it well.

And look, I may or may not, I don't, I don't use social media, but if I have to make a public statement, you can find me on Twitter through my spokesman.

Oh, who's your spokesman?

Jayadomian.

I don't know who it is, but he's a loyal follower.

A loyal follower.

He's a little venturite.

Um, and, uh, I think that is that it for all the plugs?

Let's close up the old plug bag.

What do you say?

Closing up the plug bag.

Ding dong, ding dong, ding dong.

I got stuck in it.

Oh no.

Jesse got stuck in the plug bag, Kumail.

I've never seen this happen.

Never seen that happen.

We closed it up too soon.

Oh, he's still, do we need to open it up to get him out a little bit?

Uh, this has never happened before.

Oh my God.

He's trapped in there with all those plugs that might've gotten away.

I could see him.

I could see him struggling.

This is horrible.

The humanity.

Wait, is he suffocating?

He might be.

Oh my God.

What do we do?

How do we open it up again?

Play the plugs theme again.

Maybe that'll open it up again.

Okay.

Now close it up.

Close it up.

I'll be in the army in Atlanta.

I'll be in Philadelphia.

No, not again.

It's like a vortex.

He's back in it.

Well, I can't open it up again.

That would be, that would be unfair for Danny Wildcard to have his plugs theme played three times.

So many things going on.

So many plugs are in there.

He's trapped in there with.

So many things to do.

Too bad.

Well, he's trapped in there.

Kumail, I want to thank you for being on the show.

Thanks for coming back and everyone watched Beta Mail this Saturday.

And thanks to, well, you can't hear me, Jesse, in all those plugs.

I will do so much fun things.

Well, and I want to thank you, the listener, and we will see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

Dot com.

The wolf dead.
