---
layout: page
title: 232. LIVE from San Diego Comic-Con; Andy Daly, Paul Rust [20347⧸21118].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

San Diego, California! How we doing tonight? We're doing great! We're doing great! We're doing great! We're doing great! We're doing great! We're doing great! We're doing great!

San Diego, California! How we doing tonight? Yeah! Wow!

What an unbelievable, well done!

San Diego, California! How we doing tonight? Yeah! Wow!

What an unbelievable, well done!

San Diego, maybe one of the best crowds I've ever seen! My goodness! Oh! We're here at the House of Blues. By the way, I am your host, the Choctaw , aka the world famous Scottabot, Hot Saucerman. Had enough? I get it. I want to hear the theme song and I am out of here.

We are here at the House of Blues in San Diego, California.

We're here for Comic Con. Always a great time of year. And we're having a good time. We all just got into town. This was our first stop. We decided to come to you first, San Diego!

Does that make sense? I just got to San Diego and I decided to come to you first, San Diego. I don't know. I don't know if that makes sense. But it's a pleasure to be here with such a great crowd. And our first guest here on the show, he's a good friend of mine.

The crowd here at San Diego just saw him, not mere moments ago. Let's give a great big warm welcome to our friend Paul Rust! Come on out, Paulie! There he is! Thank you.

Paul, you changed your mind. I went from the purple to the black because things are going to get real dark here, people.

Uh oh, wait a minute. Dark, twisted, peeved, pissed, and or nery. Hold on, hold on, Paul.

How many of you are familiar with Paul's work on the podcast before? Thank you. Thank you, Scott. Don't thank me, thank them. They applauded you. Do you mean to tell me that you have some things that you're upset about here? I got some things on my chest. Well, we all know what you do with things that are on your chest. I gotta get them off. You gotta get them off, don't you? Things on my mind, I gotta get it off.

Things on my ass, I gotta get it off. You know what I like about my fans? I have some of the smartest, best educated, well informed, well read fans of any comedian, even if you guys are a bunch of dope smoking maniacs. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. All right. They dropped your paper. Paul. I assume that's some of the big Lenny Bruce ever dropped his paper, man. I imagine paper all over the place.

Once in his life he was carrying a piece of paper. He may have dropped it. You're right.

We can't say for sure. Was there a camera on him at all times? I wish, you know, the thing that cheeses me off about the, you are cheesed by the way. I'm so cheese. Somebody should call Sargento. Is Sargento in the house? Oh no, no, no. Come up here. Sargento is not here. Paul. No, no, no, no, no. And thank goodness for it.

Yeah, you could say I'm cheesed.

I happen to have just said that. So it all works out. Start the clock. Wait a minute.

What are you doing? It's very anticlimactic when you say that and it doesn't happen. Yeah.

Oh, okay. I said start the clock and it started 20 seconds later. That's how long it takes to start a clock these days. No, no, no, no. No, no, no.

What's with side cars? Huh? You ever been driving down the street? You see that guy in the motorcycle with the sidecar?

Huh? I'd like to have a sidecar. No, no, no. Let's make a rule for every time you're in a sidecar. I'm in a sidecar in my basement. That's right.

While you're wheeling around, I'm sitting all alone in my basement sitting in my sidecar smiling. Yeah. Asshole. Yeah.

No, no, no. What's with these pop up ads? Huh? You go online. It's got, you know what I'm talking about. You go online, you get on the internet, you got all these pop up ads. Hey, I got a deal with the computer companies out there. You pop up, I shut down. I get a pop up. I turn my computer down. No, no, no. Each time I get a pop up, I shut my computer down. Turn it back up. Another pop up. Shut it on down.

Turn it back up. Another pop up.

Shut it on down. It's going to take me hours to read my email. No, no, no. No, no, no.

Who's had it up to here with all these channels? I got to turn on my TV. You got to flip through hundreds of channels. I got an idea. No, no, no. One channel. That's all the channels.

I don't even mean individual squares. I mean all images are played at once and the sound comes together. No, no, no. TV's chaos now. Maybe I'll store some up my butt for later.

Wow. Do you want to stop the clock? Yeah. Stop the clock.

Thank you. You know those.

Wow. Okay. I have more, but I didn't want to, you don't want to do them. We'll pull them out later. I do have a new segment. A new, you haven't cleared this with me. This is highly unorthodox. If you wouldn't mind. I mean we have a little bit of time, I guess.

It's a new segment and it's called, um, yeah. Okay. Well, oh, this one starts with a clock too. T-minus 20 seconds. Yeah. Cindy Crawford on a surf board eating Skittles and singing the Beastie boys. Um, yeah. A bathtub filled with doubloons . Yeah. I'm going to get a bath.

A bathtub filled with doubloons. And when I scoop out all the doubloons underneath is a little bird. Um, yeah, yeah. I take it. One more. Um, yeah. Scott. Be my guest.

A nugget of gold inside a fig Newton wearing checkerboard shoes. Um, yeah.

Thank you. Stop the clock. I think that clock pre stopped.

It knew it knew it stopped. Thank you though. Yeah. I'm just, you know, I don't like coloring inside the lines and I think, I think in a way, man, I felt like when I was doing new no- nos, I started painting inside the lines. Oh yeah. You're doing what your audience expected you to. Is that what you mean? Yeah. And I thought to myself, um, yeah. You, you thought that about coloring inside the lines. Yeah. And um, but I thought that you thought that that was not successful.

So you said, um, yeah. About coloring inside the lines. Um, yeah. Hey, you guys like my new shirt? Ricky Gervais gave it to me. He's a fellow, a nasty comic like me. We like to get together and get nasty. Wait, are you having a laugh? I 'm having a laugh. Are you during during that segment? I looked back because I was laughing and I saw the house of blues insignia and realized that this was the stupidest thing ever to happen on any house of blues stage anywhere. Probably, although I'm a little disappointed that, you know, Dan Ackroyd obviously started this in, in, obviously in reference to the blues brothers, but I personally, I wish he would have chosen some of his other movies to base a club on.

Like, who wouldn't like to go to my grill? Probably Dan Ack royd's most popular movie is my girl. And that was a play on it. What about a Dr. Dit rout? Well, seafood place, huh? That only serves trout. Yeah. The most delicious seafood there is. Oh yeah. Mmm.

Delicious. How was your trout today? Delicious. Not a third . No. Oh, well I was just coming up. Um, ghost burgers. All right. Yeah. Sure. That one makes sense. I actually think that would be rather popular. Yeah. I guess people tend to like Ghostbusters more than my girl at Dr. Detroit and the blues brothers. That's true too. Is that where you would eat a burger and the very act of eating it would cause there to be a ghost burger inside your stomach.

You mean a turd, heart turns, ghost burgers, what's a turd, but the ghost of a burger.

Right. I never knew you were a philosopher. Yeah. That was, um, day crap.

That's where I draw the line. Paul, you're booing yourself.

How dare you booty and booing.

Um, yeah, but you do have some new no-nos. The ones that you were coloring inside of the line that you'll do later. Sure. Your pants love them.

Clearly I do. You know what?

I'm realizing, shit, I forgot to say a catchphrase at the top of this. Right. Show. Oh shit.

I forgot to do the catchphrase. Sorry. Um, I had one all lined up. Let me try to find it. Hold on. Fuck. I can't find it.

Did somebody send you one? Yeah, I usually get them, but I can't get cell service here.

Like I could do my old one. I don't remember it. That's familiar. Oh, I remember it. It's, uh, what's up hot dog? That's right. Right. People know that.

What is that? What's going on? It's got to be hot dog. Hot dog. Hot dog. That's right.

What happened? Where did they go? Oh shit. Hot dog. How's it going? Hot dog. How's it going? I heard my name and I says, I better get out there.

What's going on? Hot dog. Have a seat if you like. Or not. Stand. What do you like to do?

I thought I would do the twist and I thought people enjoyed it. Well, hot dog. Is that all it took was I just had to say those words, what's up hot dog and you would appear.

Well, not exactly. Scat. Funny story. I'm here in town because I heard that there was a big convention going on and a very popular thing that comic con and I says to myself, if that's going on, I know who's going to be there is Sean Anna. That's right. Cause if they want this thing to be a success, who do you invite? You're pointing the mic at me as if I, you want me to say Sean Anna by the way, I could, you could merely take my arm and lift it up to my mouth if you wanted to. You don't think that would be easier than me putting my own mic in your face? I don't know. Let's try it. Okay. The glasses have to go. Okay. Now you did. My mic was easier.

Anyhow. So the point is shot at a, if you want to have a successful event, you're going to invite shot on up. Hey, it works for Woodstock. Anyhow, I get over there to the one thing 45 years ago. I don't think your math is that great. But anyways, 50 what am I thinking?

Hotdog were you at Woodstock? I was not. I did not have the pleasure, but this was before I discovered shot on Oz. Now they were performing a Wood stock as you know, Sean Anna. No, there were no tickets sold for Woodstock. It was a bus. Nobody was going there. Now Sean Anna, New York state through way is closed. It became the biggest thing in the world. All because of Sean Anna. They went out there and they sang, get a job and at the hop. Now ever since I saw that I got, I said, that's where I belong on stage with Sean Anna. As you know, Scott, I've auditioned for the band 48 times. And in each case I have been rejected and humiliated.

Humiliated as well, just for auditioning. It seems like Sean Anna would be a little more polite about this and it seems that way. You would think that, but you know, here's how it is. I've been following them around from state fair to convention to classic car show for a long time. And they come to think of me as just a, yeah, you're not late. It's just a guy who, you know, just a guy that they could abuse cause I'll always be around and it's true. I'm not leaving their side anytime soon. So I go up there and I audition, I do my thing and a lot of the time they have a laugh with me. They tell me you're hired and then I, you know, I go on a weekend long bender and then they call me and they say I'm not hired. That it was all a joke. That's too it. So now to give the people a little background about who you are, because you haven't been on since episode 94. We're in the 200s at this point. I just want to refresh everyone's memory of who you happen to be.

That's funny. I did not realize that you had continued with the show. You thought we just ended, but I thought I figured you were going to call me back the very next week or the very next episode. I never called you the first time you actually just wandered in from the valleys across the street where we used to take. Well, the thing of it is that you kept saying, what's up hot dog. And of course my name is hot dog. And so I like to come over and tell you what's up. Right. And as far as I recall, you never did get to what's up. I keep trying look anyway, long story short, I get over there to the convention center, no sign of Shawna. Now, unless they're performing under the name Metallica, they're not performing in town this week. So I came over here to house of blues thinking maybe they're here. Maybe this is the spot of the show. I'm hanging around backstage. I'm looking at all these names of bands that have performed here in the past. No Shawna. Now really in the house of blues, no Shawna. Now they got something called Adele. They got a band called Adele, some band called Lady Gaga. No Shawna, no justice.

No Shawna, no justice. We should make a t-shirt with that on it. No Shawna, no justice. No cell phone service. I would buy that. So I'm backstage and I hear what's up hot dog.

And I says, got to get out there.

I got to get out there and tell them what's up. Yeah. Yeah.

So now as I recall, your name is hot dog, but it hasn't always been thusly. No, that's true. You changed it. I changed my name back in the sixties. That's right. Well, you remember a lot of things. I was, uh, this was back in the sixties when water skiing was King . A lot of you, water skiing was King. Water skiing was King. It's opposed to surfing in the great surfing and water skiing wars of the 1960s. As I recall, the beach boys had several songs about surfing.

Well, they were on the side of surfing, but water skiing deposed surfing. We didn't need music. Right. That's right. Sweetheart. We won and water skiing was King and it ruled supreme over aquatic activities, a fair on the ocean. And you were a water skier. I was a water skiing hot dog. You, you decide to was hot dog, your trick, or just you, you hot dogged all the time. No, that's what, yeah, I was hot dogging it all the time out there. That's what you call the guy who was really excellent at a water skiing, a real hot dog. Here's comes a real hot dog. And I said, so did somebody told me that I said, I'm going down to the courthouse and I changed my name to that. So nobody else, some of your a hot dog moves. How'd you get your name? Well, I introduced firearms to water skiing.

Yeah. How does that necessarily stunts? You don't think so.

You ever tried to get out on a pair of water skis with a rifle? No, I haven't. And do some target shooting. You, you could barely touch my arm, not moments ago without doing a wild combination of putting your glasses down. How is it you were able to water ski while holding a rifle? We're going back to the sixties. This is my heyday. There was literally nothing I could not do name a thing. Parcheesi. I could have done that in my head.

I can't do it now. Yeah, but yeah, I would get out there with a rifle and I would shoot targets and I lost three a boat captain's that way. Okay, hold on. Normally water skiing is done while holding onto a rope that's attached to a, uh, some sort of speed boat, buddy. That's the only way. Now your speed boats would have captains. Yeah, that's right. That's right. You have to, I guess, I guess water skiing has really faded from prominence. Nobody knows the various ins and outs of it, but there's a, there's a swearing in ceremony at the beginning. The water skiers do or that the captain does. Who is doing this ? It's where it's when a captain becomes designated as swearing in ceremony. Oh, I see. Okay . You need a witness, you need a notary public and you need a witch or a high priest, a w iccan priest anyway, and then you have a ceremony and then that's your captain and you get out there in the water. There's a benediction and a, you smash a bottle of champagne on the boat and you're out there and you go. And in my case, I came out there with a rifle and I tried to shoot some targets in the water and on three occasions I shot the captain, different captains or the same captain, buddy, I shoot you. You're not going to survive it . Right. Huh? That's your trademark.

That's one of my trademarks. What I, what I want to know is if I shoot you say goodbye.

These shootings are accidental and yet you are claiming some sort of skill as in when I shoot you, you won't survive. Is it as if you were aiming for these people? I don't think that those two things both have to be true. I'm a rifle remarksman of a high achievement and if I accidentally shoot you, you will die. Take it to the bank. I'd rather not.

So that was during the, uh, the sixties of course. That's right. And you got your name hot dog and those were great days. Great days. Uh, and then all of a sudden the seventies come around. Yeah, that's right. And a group of young tough s start singing songs from the fifties. Oh boy, did they, did they ever, you talk about shot on up. Of course. Yes, they do. Good. Well that's quite a coincidence. That'll work out. What's going on with your stool there? What's happening? You might notice that this one doesn't have the thing and I want it like that. There you go. So, so now, uh, they're singing songs about the fifties from the fifties. They're not singing songs about the fift ies, are they? They're singing songs that were written in the fifties that they were also about the fifties. Pure coincidence.

They're about fifties issues. Life in the fifties, you know , things, uh, things of concern to teenagers, purple people, leaders, purple people, leaders at the hop, earth angel, things of that nature. Itsy bitsy. Back in the, uh, back in the f ifties we had these things, these guys called teenagers. I don't know if they're around today , but they at the time, you know, we're ruling the roost, the teenagers. Sure. Right. And everybody was interested in what the teenagers were up to in the Shana, sang songs that captured that time and that feeling and that age of life. Now, when you were in the sixties, you claim to not need music, right? With your water skiing. Yeah, that's right. And yet the seventies roll around.

Yeah. And Paul, back me up on this. He seems to all of a sudden rejuvenate his love of music. Is that what you're seeing? Yeah. It's, it's as if to substitute the water, he put in musical notes to use the old expression. I've never heard that expression before, but I'm going to use it from now on. Cause that's beautiful. It 's very true. I had a terrible circumstance happen on the water. Way more terrible than killing three men. That's terrible for them. Yeah, that's right. No, it was far more terrible.

This was an incident where a, I was betrayed by a captain. Oh, who, uh, cut loose the ropes and went back to shore and left me out there on my water skis. I was out there for five years. What can I ask where you were out, out in the water, just bobbing around in the water. But what, what area was it? Do you know, was it off the coast of Los Angeles by friend? This was in the United States. No, no, no. At that point I would have been in international waters. Okay, great. And I was a rescued by a man named the lizard who operated a number of businesses out on that boat that could not be legally conducted on land. Sure. Including, uh, he had a service where if you died, he would turn you into any food that you wanted. Now I remember talking to you a little bit about this. That's right. Well listen, I made a covenant with him and when I die, we'll be turned into a hot dog. And I happened to think that you would be turned into many hot dogs. Like I think that we could get 25 hot dogs out of your meat. We've had this argument before. I would rather be one giant hot dog.

I guess we'll agree to disagree then that a box of hot dogs , cause that's not my name or hot dogs sold in boxes nowadays. What are my choices?

Hot dog box of hot dogs. What are you saying? Bunch of packages of hot dogs package. Yeah . Pack even worse. Turn me into a giant hot dog. I got a guy in Germany working on a button that'll fit it. Well, I hate to, I hesitate to even ask what is the bun made out of? Oh yeah . You should not have asked that. It's part of the reason you might notice I'm drinking here tonight. I'm celebrating.

Uh, the bun is going to be made out of my ex wife. She's just recently passed and oh no, that's terrible. No it isn't. I'm celebrating a little bit tonight because that horrible woman is gone. Hot dog. She stood by you for years. The peaks and the valleys of your career.

What do you know about it? I mean he's assuming she didn't stand by me for nothing. She hated me and I hated her. Okay. I just tormented me for years, for decades. Oh, well when did the bloom come off the rose? When did the boom come off the rose? Sure. She started sleeping around with a guy, a fucking asshole who went and changed his fucking name to hamburger.

Oh, okay. Yeah. He was a surfer. Oh, even worse. That's right. Some say it was him who put my captain up to cutting the ropes. I can't prove it.

All I know is that during those five years that I was at sea with the lizard, my wife took up with hamburger. Wait, so she's been with hamburger since the sixties. That's correct. And you've stuck by her. It sounds like Liz said it was the sixties, you know, but it seems like it's continued. What were the five years you were out to sea? What would have been 1964 to 1969, which is why I miss Woodstock. Oh, so you, you came back out onto shore and the world had changed.

Oh, was that the first you'd ever heard of Shana Naa? Yes.

Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. A thousand times. Yes. A thousand times. Yes. I had no opportunity to hear about them before that.

Anyhow, I went back with my wife. She's with hamburger. I understand. I've gone five years.

I'm open-minded. The three of us shared a bed. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You're back now. What? You're back now. It seems like you're through the seventies. Yeah. But what I'm saying is, is you're back. It seems like I would have said to my wife, Hey, I'm not dead. Let's, you know, kick hamburger out and maybe you and I get back to being married. But now you, you, the three of you are sharing a bed. Do you ever see castaway?

Yeah. What's Tom Hanks going to do? Get the fuck out of here. I'm done with my FedEx commercial.

I'm done with my two and a half hour on FedEx commercial.

Get the hell out of here. Helen Hunt. No, get out Helen Hunt. No, get out the guy that, whoever that was. Time has forgotten that actor. Well, I don't like to think of it that way. No way of knowing who that was.

Sure. He's done good work. I doubt it. That's a shit roll.

The guy that's fucking Helen Hunt. When Tom Hanks gets back from 14 years on an Island, it'll never work again after that. Are you some sort of like a art critic now? Why not?

I know what I like. Scott. Anyways, I come back from lizard's boat where I practice human tax idermy. That's another story. Wait, wait, wait. Taxidermy performed by humans? That must be what you're talking about. I'm afraid that's got, are you trying to tell me that you would , this is one of the losers businesses that he cannot perform on land. He finds people and he stuffs them full of sawdust and opposed that they might've been in life. Well, he opposed. They might've been in life. Right. Are all of his businesses related to the dead? That's correct. Yeah.

Anyway, I don't want to get into the list. Yeah, let's not get into it. Let's not get to get into the seventies. So then that's right. The first part of the seventies was a loss and then I discovered Sean on a Bing, bang bop. It's like Cuba saying, show me the money. That's called the twist that dance. So now you've auditioned for Sean on off 48 times. That's correct. One for each of the contiguous United States. So if I'm getting this correct, every year they hold open auditions, but they make sure to do it in a different state. They try to make it difficult for me, but I, Oh, I'm always there. Scott, I'm always there. Even in Rhode Island, I made it to Rhode Island.

Absolutely. I made it to other states as well. States such as Maine, Massachusetts, Delaware, New Jersey, Virginia, West Virginia, Oklahoma, Kansas, others as well. Oh, what a trip. What a long, strange trip it's been.

It sure has been. Yeah, my goodness. And I have not made it into the band yet. And you're a singer. You want to sing with the group. Is that even a question? I'm a singer. And every year you audition with the exact same song. I don't know if that's true. Well, let's hear some of your selections. If you know what I do is I go in and I say, guys, thanks a lot. I'm hoping this is the one. I think I've had a lot to the band. Screaming Scott, Jocko, Donnie. Come on. What does John Bowser Bauman have to say about this? That question is so ignorant that it's offensive. Bowser has not been in the band for a long, long time. I apologize. He's the only one I remember. You got Screaming Scott, Jocko and Donnie are the only original members still in the band. All I remember, he fit his fist into his mouth and, or was that squeaky? I don't know. I get these all confused. You're making me very angry. That was Bowser could put his fist in his mouth. A lot of guys have tried to do it since then. A lot of guys have hurt themselves.

One guy died. Anyways, so this is what I do. I go, come on guys. No more fucking around.

Put me in the band. Here we go.

Now at those auditions, you're not giving your own mic, correct? No, that's right. Well at this point they have requested that if I'm going to pull that shit again, I bring my own goddamn mic. So are you buying a new mic every year?

At this point I am, yeah.

For the first 23 times that I did that, I was damaging Sh ana Nama microphones. Right.

And I apologize to the House of Blues. So now this is getting expensive for you because every year you have to buy a new microphone. It's a bit of a setback and I buy high quality mics because I don't want it to be the mic that cost me the job. Of course. The fact that I scrimped on the mic. So I've generally, my lifestyle is I save up all year long for the highest quality microphone available and then I smash it when I audition for Shana Nama in an act of bravado that one of these days will get me the fucking job. Wow. Paul, what do you think? I mean, does he have the goods in your opinion? I mean, look at this guy. Be careful Paul, because I'm very sensitive. Oh no, he 's clearly talented. He's got a, clearly doing great in life, right? Is that so clear? Well, I mean your wife just died.

That's true. I don't have her anymore. I got a guy in Germany turning her into a hot dog bun, so that's good. Are you seeing anybody new? No, I don 't have anybody lined up right now. I have a very busy schedule. It's difficult for me to get out. It's just happened last week to what happened last week. She's been my ex wife for a long time. She was strangled.

They think it was somebody did it with their legs.

That's what they think. Now I've noticed you have very powerful legs.

Well, that is correct. I remember you saying that you used to work out across the street from where we used to record it. That valleys. That's right . Yeah. And who was your trainer as I recall? I used to work out with a guy named bill Carter. Oh, right, right, right, right. Train it to the stars seeking stars.org. Yeah. I remember him. He had really powerful legs. He had a powerful body. He must be 90 years old right now. Is he still around?

That's probably about right. I haven't heard from bill in a little while, but I think he's still out there. But, uh, I saw that. I said, well, I hope to be a star. So why don't I train with a guy who trained stars and we only worked on my legs. But, uh, now I'm not, I'm not putting these two facts together. I'm just stating them concurrently.

Right. Your wife, ex wife was strangled. Yes. By someone's legs. They think.

And do you have very powerful legs? I don't know what your point is, but, uh, no point. I'm just stating two things. Yeah. They didn't have time to determine, uh, anything more about those legs because her body had to get shipped off to Germany to get turned into a hot dog.

But, uh, anyway, coming up for me is a shot on our audition in Alaska and another one in Hawaii.

Wait, they are they doing these all in the same like two day period or what they're trying to do.

They're trying to fuck me. They're sending screaming, Scott and Jocko to Alaska and Donny York down to Hawaii at the same time.

Oh no. How will they ever come to a consensus? Tricksters?

Well, they try to make sure I can't make it to both.

Wait. Do you really only need to make it to one?

When do you think about it and be successful at it? Yeah, but I got to have the safety of the other one. Okay, sure, and and for me to go out, knowing that I didn't make it to all fifty of the auditions , they made it very clear.

There's going to be fifty auditions. Yeah, bitter pill. And then it's over. They're ending shot on our there.

No, they're ending the audition process. They're going to stop looking for another member of shot on our.

Well, they have not hired one in the entire time that I've been auditioning. What? Yeah.

So it's an insult, but I got to figure out a way to get to the Alaska one and the Hawaii one. It's not going to be easy.

What are you going to do first? Because I'm sure temperature is a thing you're considering.

Well, I do have to be protective of my vocal cords, so I think I'll probably hit Hawaii first and then get up there to Alaska. Warm up.

Right, exactly. I get it. What do you mean? Scott, what do you mean? That's a music joke.

Yeah, I get it. Well, it's also warmer down there. Yeah.

So, but to tell you the truth, I am not feeling all that especially particularly optimistic about these auditions.

Because of the other 48. I believe I was feeling very confident and optimistic the other 48 times, but this time, yeah, you seem to have a certain sense of ennui.

I became a little bit desperate recently. They were doing a show at a high school in Elba, Alabama.

And I showed up there and I thought I'm never going to get into this group. I was having a real confidence low. And I kidnapped Screamin' Scott.

And I dressed up like him. And I had had a makeup expert make a Screamin' Scott mask.

And I went up on stage to perform with Shana not just this one goddamn time.

Hold on, hold on, hold on. Let's back up here. Does Scream in' Scott have a radically different face from you?

I would say so. A makeup expert couldn't just put on a little makeup. It had to create an entire mask.

He had to create a, you know, it covered my entire head, face, down to my shoulders, chest plate. Because he and I, our chests could not be more different.

It went all the way down. It was a latex rubber piece I had to tuck into my waistband and my pants.

And it covered most of my arms. Because he's got tattoos.

And I went out there to perform with Screamin' Scott. The mask did not have nose holes or mouth holes to breathe.

So I can imagine no one would be able to hear you sing either.

Well, it didn't even get that far. Because...

You didn't even get to do your signature?

I did not. My signature what?

It sounded like...

Oh no!

Heartbreaking.

Yeah, and then I collapsed from heat exhaustion and suff ocation and they had to rip this thing off my face. At which point it was revealed. It was probably a very dramatic reveal, but I was out cold.

If only you could have seen it. I mean, that must have been ...

I would have loved to have seen that moment.

Oh, it's Hot Dog!

Where were you keeping, what's his name? Screamin'?

I was in the trunk of my car. You know I drive classic cars .

I did not know that. Why would you assume I would know something like that?

Look at me. I drive classic cars, buddy.

I go to Bob's Big Boy in Burbank on Classic Car Night on Friday and we compare classic cars.

I got a 1987 Ford Aerostar van.

And I had him in the back of that, locked up in a trunk.

And, anyway, long story short...

Yeah, sure. Let's shorten this up just a little bit.

By the time I came out of this pass out, I didn't know, I forgot all about Screamin' Scott. I didn't know where I was . It took three days for me to come out of this cloud because of having inhaled all that latex.

I'm sure they were searching for Screamin' Jay.

What's the matter with you?

It's your own name, Screamin' Scott.

Yeah, you probably, everybody here was aware of the national manhunt for Screamin' Scott from the Sha Na Na.

And, yeah, eventually I remember where he was and they found him and they got him out of there and he was very angry and did press charges.

I thought, you know, after all this time, but he pressed charges and...

You think the three days in the trunk he's gonna settle down a little bit?

Well, I think, yeah, that's right. Initially, if they had found him like three or four hours into his ordeal, he would have been hot.

But after three days, you know what I mean?

I'm sure.

Have some time to cool down, get a sense of perspective, be glad that he's alive.

Not gonna wanna throw charges at a guy.

I was arrested. Spent some time there.

But anyway, so that's why I feel like it's not gonna go so great for me in Hawaii or Alaska.

Yeah, especially since Screamin' Scott, he's in Hawaii, you say?

Yeah, that's right.

Why would you even go to Hawaii? The minute that you walk in, he's gonna have you through...

I did my time.

So you think because... How much time did you do?

They had me in that jail for ten days.

That's it?

Well, what happened was...

Please, yes, tell us what happened.

You think it would be longer than ten days?

I should not tell this story because this was...

But anyways, I was in there and I started singing and the guards started dancing and they dropped their keys.

Very smooth, hot dog.

And I broke out.

So I'm technically a fugitive.

And technically you did not do your time.

I did what I considered to be my time.

My own interpretation of my time.

So the minute Screamin' Scott sees you, you're done?

Well, it depends how great I sing that day.

You think that the power of music could overcome all of your difficulties with Screamin' Scott?

I know for a fact that it can.

Look at what the power of music has done in my own life.

Yeah, it's really transformed you.

It really has.

Anyway, that's what's up.

Alright.

Thank you, hot dog.

If you want to know what's up, hot dog, that's the answer.

So hold a good thought for me.

And why were you at San Diego?

I was pretty sure I was going to be performing at Comic Con .

Oh, okay, right, right, right.

I forgot about that.

There's a chance, by the way, that they are performing under, you know, sometimes the Rolling Stones will play a small club under a different name.

They could be performing under the name Metallica.

Participatory.

But, uh, there's a chance.

There's a chance, yeah. There's a chance that they'd be playing a small club under their own name.

I don't know about that. They've got some pretty high profile gigs coming up, Scott. Do you want to hear about them?

Oh, sure, yeah. Let me hear them. What do they have?

Do we do plugs on a live show?

Sure, why not?

Sure, get the glasses out.

How old of a man are you? Had we established that?

What's that?

How old of a man are you? You're in your 50s?

I think I'm about 60.

They're going to be at the Celebrate Erie Festival in Erie, Pennsylvania on August 16th.

They're going to be in Greensburg, Pennsylvania at the Palace Theater on October the 4th.

Akron, Ohio at the Tangier Restaurant on October the 5th.

The restaurant? Oh, Sean, I know.

The Tangier Restaurant. That's a busy week for them. They 've got a gig on the 4th and the 5th.

December 4th, they're going to be in Salamanca, New York at the Events Center at the Seneca Allegheny Casino and Hotel.

So go check them out out there.

Oh, that's impressive.

Sounds like 6 gigs until the end of the year.

Those are the ones that are listed. They do a lot of secret shows under different names.

But I will be at every one of those, so check it out and say hello to me.

Have they seen you since you bust out of jail?

Not that I'm aware of.

Are you wearing some sort of elaborate disguise when you go to shows?

I'm through with disguises.

I am through with disguises.

Now it's just all hot dog.

It's all hot dog all the time.

Alright. Paul, did you say you had more new no-nos?

New no-nos. Start the clock.

Start the clock.

I think he means start the music.

New no-no. NPR?

NPR? Why don't we call it what it really is?

National Public Radio, people.

New no-no. NPR is National Public Radio now.

New no-no. Who's headed up to here with traffic lights, huh ?

Green means go.

Yellow means slow.

Red means beep bop stop.

Ah, fuck you.

New no-no. Green means stop.

Red means go.

And yellow means slow.

New no-no. Just changing two of the colors, not all three.

New no-no. They keep saying you can't see God with your eyes.

God's invisible. He lives in the sky. Oh.

New no-no. God's in a smile.

God is in the face of a child.

New no-no. God is a sunset.

New no-no. God isn't in the sky. He's around all of us.

Close it up. Stop the clock. Shut the bag. Put it down.

That's a lot of instructions.

Those are some of the newest no-nos I've ever heard in my life.

How fresh are those no-nos?

Driving down here. No.

That's why you might have noticed a few new no-nos about traffic lights and sidecars.

New no-no. I pull from my world.

You guys might, uh, I'm going to have some merch out there, some of my books.

Oh, yeah, that's right. How many books have you written?

I have five books. Committee myself to five books.

Okay, well, I would love to hear the title of each and every one.

The Snotty Chronicles. Oh.

That was the first one. Come on, Paul.

How cheesed were you when you wrote that?

Well, I'll tell you, they first started off as just the Chronicles. Oh, okay.

But then they got snotty.

My second book.

Hey, get out of here, buddy.

Was this a book written for one person?

Jeff, you know who you are.

He put up his hand. Yeah, he does suck.

I got three more books. You sure do.

Third book is called Not So New No-Nos.

Terrible seller. Not only that, you haven't even written a book at this point called New No -Nos.

Yeah, they said you should establish the brand before you work against it.

So that's why the fourth book was called New No-Nos.

Yeah.

And yellow means slow.

The one before that was Pre-Existing No-Nos?

What's that? The one before that was Pre-Existing No-Nos?

Not So New No-Nos. Okay, all right. Yeah.

Were those new...

Were those no-nos that you had found or you had created them a long time ago?

Those were historical.

Oh, I'd love to hear some of those.

Start the clock.

New No-No. Abraham... Start the clock.

New No-No. Abraham Lincoln's got a big old hat.

No, no, no. New No-No.

Abraham Lincoln's wearing a black coat.

That was just one of them.

Yeah. Yeah, I can see why that book wasn't all that successful.

Yeah. I think I talked to some historians and they told me that Abe Lincoln did wear a black coat.

And a black hat, yeah.

Right. Yeah.

So that was more of an in addition to.

Yes, sorry.

Have you ever thought about doing new in additions to?

Start the clock.

Here we go. Oh, he's going into the dance.

New in addition to.

Abraham did wear a black coat. Close it up, knock it down, shut the car off, lock the door, put it to sleep. The kids are home.

Kids got home after you?

Yeah.

I got home around 10. They pulled it around too.

How old are your kids?

They're older than me.

Interesting. Well, I would love to hear the story of that.

However, we're out of time.

Next time.

We have to move on to our next segment. And this is one of our more popular segments.

And Frank, if we can get this ready. This is a little something that we like to call Would You Rather.

Hot dog, you don't have to do the twist during the Would You Rather thing.

You never have to do the twist.

Please do it the entire time then.

This is nothing for me. I once did the twist for nine months.

Was this on the water or?

Yeah, I was doing the water twist.

You were treading water.

I was treading water and doing the twist.

They're one and the same thing.

Water skis attached to my feet. That was before the lizard came along.

This turns out to be the perfect song to twist to.

Alright, here we go. Please have a seat.

That felt great.

I bet it did. Alright, so we all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is CBBWYR not, you know, the rest.

And this is a special Comic-Con Would You Rather.

This comes to us from OhHiJordan, which when it's one word looks very strange.

OhHiJordan.

OhHiJordan asks, would you rather have the powers of Superman?

That's it. I don't care what the other one is.

But, but have to perform every circumcision on the planet.

How is that a but?

It's not. It's a penis.

Or spend 19 hours of every day on a toilet.

Alright, I'm opening the floor for questions.

Would you rather have the powers of Superman, but have to perform every circumcision on the planet, or spend 19 hours of every day on the toilet?

These are both totally appealing.

Wait, now you find the toilet one very appealing.

I don't have anything else to do.

How would you ever get to Hawaii?

Well, they have toilets on an airplane and that's about a 19 hour flight.

To Hawaii?

What route are you taking?

Question, Scott.

Yes, Paul, of course.

Are the circumcisions the ones that anybody would have had anyway, or is Superman performing circumcisions on all men?

Men.

Grown men.

I'm imagining he's circumcising grown men during this, yes?

Not only is he circumcising all babies, literally 30 seconds after they're born, This lady doesn't want to get her penis circumcised.

But, he's going around and circumcising grown men who are not circumcised, and he's doing a second circumcision on men who are circumcised.

It's like being born again in your penis.

Yep, so it takes up a lot of time.

But he is Superman, he does it very fast.

At super speed, some might say.

What kind of toilet?

What's your favorite kind of toilet, hot dog?

What's the seat like? There's a lot of different kinds of toilet seats, some are more comfortable than others.

What is the seat like at your house?

We've got one of those that's like a carpet.

It's like a shag carpet.

It's like fuzzy?

It's not white shag carpet.

Sure it is.

Sometimes it's white.

Oh, hot dog.

What happens during the splash back?

Yeah, right. You gotta wash it.

We wash it every night.

Every night?

Yeah, that's right.

Just throw the toilet seat in the washing machine.

Who is this we by the way?

Oh yeah, that's my cook.

Why is your cooking getting involved?

And why is your cook doing other chores involving washing your dirty seat covers?

My cook does not have the right to tell me what she does and what she doesn't do.

Not after what she did.

I don't want to get into it.

What did she do?

Come on, you said you didn't want to get into it, but you know, hot dog, I would like to hear.

I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You said either one.

It's kind of rude, but thank you Paul.

I apologize.

She abducted my son.

Oh, that's right. This was part of your story.

Your son is constantly being abducted.

It turned out to be her that was doing it.

This woman, just this random woman.

Oh, I'm so sorry I didn't ask for an update on that.

That's all right.

She abducted my son.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

She abducted my son who is now 26 years old.

She abducted him, I think it was, 90 times.

And each time I played the ransom.

And then one of those times, I caught her and I said, that 's it, you're coming to work for me, you've got to work off all that money.

How much money did she get out of you, 90 times?

I tell you, to be honest with you, it's incalculable.

Because I had to sell off all my classic cars.

But you just were talking about how you're driving around in classic cars.

Well, I earned back enough money to buy that Ford Aerostar, which is basically...

Just from having a cook?

What do you mean?

How did you earn money back just from...

Oh, I got hit by a bus.

And I sued the city.

You don't want to know what my whole story...

I don't know.

But that's my main source of income, is payments from getting hit by that bus.

Hey, like I say, things are going great.

That's the story of why I have a cooking whack, and why I can tell her what to do.

And she doesn't have the right to tell me I'm not washing that toilet seat again.

Alright, well, to answer your question, you are allowed to bring your own toilet.

If that's what you like, would you like a different kind of toilet, or is that just the best that you could afford?

No, that's the perfect kind of toilet. A shag carpet toilet ?

As long as you've got somebody to wash it every night.

It seems like it's very rough against your posterior.

That's right.

Okay. Alright, well I hope that answered your question.

It did.

Alright. Paul, question?

What's the thing with the toilet again?

You spend 19 hours of the day on the toilet.

On the toilet?

Yes.

And is that, um...

Are you...

The whole time?

The full 19 hours, are you...

I'm trying to say this delicately...

Pissing and shitting.

Whoa! Whoa, Paul!

I thought you said you were going to say it delicately!

But then I did it!

That's right.

Yeah, you're actually...

What a stinker!

While you're on the toilet, you're shitting out of your penis and pissing out of your...

Butthole.

Normal. Normal.

Yeah. Normal for you?

Yes. I told you this.

Oh, right. That's why I was thinking of it.

Puberty.

What a nightmare for me.

Can you take breaks from circumcising for anything to stop a catastrophe?

Can you say, I need a day off, I'll catch up on these tomorrow?

Lex Luthor is taking over the planet.

The guys from the glass panel are coming back.

Do you mean the Phantom Zone villains?

I don't know.

It's not like this is Comic-Con and you're expected to know this bullshit.

The guys in the glass panel.

The one with the beard.

So everyone is rushing to the Daily Planet saying, Hey, Superman.

The guys in the glass panel. The one with the beard.

Yes, that's right.

They're loose.

They brought that rock you don't like.

Put down that baby penis.

Yeah.

Can you say, I will get back to all the penises tomorrow?

I need a break from the penises.

One day off from the penises, please.

You are allowed to, as long as the baby penis that you are currently circumcising, you give it a single kiss.

As you fly away.

And you look into the parents' eyes.

As you do it.

Okay.

Don't vote yet.

I'm not going to vote yet.

Alright, Paul?

The fact that I can bring my own toilet seat cover is pretty huge.

Um, Scott, I have a, if, Yes, Paul.

If I did choose the toilet route, Sure.

Would I still be allowed to kiss a baby's penis?

I think regular real world rules apply.

You can kiss a baby's penis, much as you can right now kiss a baby's penis.

Does anyone have a baby out there in the crowd?

And some eyes for me to stare at while I do it?

Oh, that's right. It's a 21 and over show.

I'm so sorry, Paul.

How many hours of the day does Superman spend on the toilet ?

Well, now Superman takes super shit.

Okay.

As we all know.

He has mighty powerful bowels.

I did not know that.

Again, I'm not one of these Comic-Con people.

No, well, that's one thing that Comic-Con people know, is that he takes mighty shit, and he has no control over the force by which he shits them out.

So does Superman or Star Wars?

Of course. I'm sorry.

No, I appreciated that.

You both said great things.

Just happened to be on top of each other.

People listening to the podcast, stop it, rewind, slow it down, break them into two tracks, and enjoy.

So yeah, he's spending the normal amount of time, but he's breaking his toilet, his favorite toilet, every single time.

I'm ready to make a decision.

Alright.

I'm going to turn it over to Paul, though, because Paul, I'm sure, has a few more questions here, at the very least.

Yes.

We have, of course, the performing every circumcision on the planet, which must take a long time.

Which Superman is it?

Which, um, am I George Reeves?

Oh!

Am I Christopher Perieve?

Am I, uh, Dean Cain?

Who did you say?

George Reeves.

Sure.

Christopher Perieve.

Um, Dean Cain, Brandon Rauch.

Back up just one second, though.

Did you say Christopher Perieve?

Yeah, Christopher Perieve.

Do you think his name is Christopher Perieve?

Christopher Perieve.

Superman.

Yes.

Oh, okay.

Obviously.

The look of fear on your face.

Um, what was your original question?

Oh, I asked which Superman am I?

Oh, which Superman are you?

When I am Superman, which?

Are you one of the dead ones?

Are you one of the alive ones?

Yes.

Which category is Brandon Ruth in?

You call him Ruth?

Is he dead or alive?

You call him the female first name.

How do you say it?

I would say Ralph.

Just say it your way, I'll say it my way.

Okay.

Perieve.

Ruth.

You are a combination of Perieve and Ruth.

You're half Perieve on the left side and half Ruth on the right side.

So you're not symmetrical, unfortunately.

I have my answer.

Oh, you have your answer too.

So are we ready to vote?

Here we go.

Alright, well I'm closing the floor for questions.

We are ready to vote.

Okay, I'm going to turn to you, Paul.

How do you like to vote?

Well, I'm on a toilet 19 hours a day anyway, right guys?

So, yeah, I'll do that.

I sleep for five hours, jump out of bed, run to the toilet, station myself for 19 hours, and watch some HLN.

Then I get back to bed after the 19 hours are done.

What's HLN?

HLN?

Yeah, what is it?

Headline News.

Oh.

They broke it down, they shortened it to HLN though.

What do you care what's going on in the news?

Oh, it helps me shit.

Okay.

Alright, Hot Dog, how do you like to vote?

The advantage I have on Paul is that I am very good at sleeping on the toilet.

I can take care of both of those things at once.

You can sleep while you're actually shitting?

Absolutely.

I've done it many times.

So, put me on that toilet and let's get some shit coming out of my dick.

I'll take that.

Alright.

Beautiful.

Let me tally up the points.

Talk about Superman.

Let me tally up the points, but just for the sentence, put me on that toilet, let's get some shit coming out of my dick.

Hot Dog is our winner.

And that is, of course, how we play Would You Rather.

Keep going.

It's going to feel weird dancing through all this, but it sounds weird in the podcast if you're not dancing during the song.

It sounds better to the podcast audience if I'm dancing during the whole song?

For people that...

Listen, it's not like I need a reason.

I apologize.

You did bring your own mic tonight.

That's why you dropped it, right?

Alright, guys.

Well, we've had a lot of fun on the show.

Isn't that right, Hot Dog?

Check, check.

Good.

I've had a lot of fun.

Yeah, absolutely.

I mean, listen, from now on, everything is easy street for me because my ex-wife is dead.

So yes, I've had fun tonight, but I would have anyway.

How are they preserving her in the hot... as a hot dog bun?

That's up to my friend in Germany.

I paid him a lot of money to turn my ex-wife into a hot dog .

And the thing about it is, I don't know how long I'm going to live.

That hot dog, I don't know how he's going to pull it off, has to be fresh and ready to go when I am.

I mean, the bun.

Who's... I don't know if we've ever talked about this.

Who's going to actually eat you, if anyone?

Well, it's a... I hate to say it out loud in case they hear this, but I have a whole plan figured out for getting the guys in China to eat me.

What?

Yep.

How would they ever do that?

Well, you know, they play a lot of state fairs.

I'm going to coordinate it with whatever the state is, you know.

I've got to get a state lined up to do this.

Hot dog, remember last time you tried to pull a scheme?

Huh?

Remember when you tried to pull a scheme under Sha Na Na?

You've heard about this?

This is not going to involve any kind of costume or any kind of a latex makeup.

This isn't going to involve... it's going to be a state fair where they're going to say, We got the largest hot dog in the world, and as a special thank you to Sha Na Na for performing at the state fair, you guys get to eat it.

Right? Sounds like something that happened at a state fair.

I guess so.

And when they're done with it, they're going to find out that was hot dog, who you turned down to be in the band 50 fucking times in every state of the union, and his ex-wife was the bun for reasons that had nothing to do with you.

Alright guys, that's been our show.

Thank you so much.

Come say hi to us. We're going to be at the merch booth.

Say hi everyone.

That's right.

Thank you very much San Diego! Thank you!

Andy Daly! Paul Rust!

Thank you!

This has been an Earwolf Media production. Executive Pro ducers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman. For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio! Boom! Dot com!

The wolf dead.

Thanks for watching!

We'll see you next time.

Earwolf Radio! Boom! Dot com!

Ooh! Ooh!

The wolf dead.
