---
layout: page
title: 233. Bob Odenkirk, Andy Daly [20381⧸21119].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

You know, I'm a Saul Goodman on Breaking Bad, my old Mr.

Show buddy, Bob Odenkirk is here, and he, along with David Cross, have exciting news for all of you comedy fans.

Plus, we have a brand new guest to the show he's never been on, he apparently is a Royal Watcher.

All of that and more, all on today's...

♪ Try all you want, all that cocoa butter won't heal your internal agonies, but heck, it does wonders for stretchmark prevention.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Wow, what a catchphrase, that was a mouthful and I barely got it out.

Eric Ab-a-solo, Abasolo, thank you so much for that.

Uh, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week, the podcast!

Uh, if you are coming to us from seeing the TV show on the air, welcome!

This is a podcast where, uh, me, it's very, very simple.

I'm your host, Scott Aukerman, and I just bro out with my best bros!

And that's what it... before we get to it though, I do want to give the Comedy Bang Bang weather report.

Uh, it's hot outside!

And that is the Comedy Bang Bang weather report for another week, and, uh, so, uh, hopefully wherever you are listening to this, it matches up with, uh, the weather on the day that we recorded it, which is about a week earlier.

Every weatherman's wish.

Hopefully what I just said has some... is justified by what you see outside your window.

And that person, speaking of catchphrases, because I just gave a new catchphrase for another week, but this is a man with one of the greatest comedy catchphr ases of all time, Bob Odenkirk is my special guest for the show this week.

Hi, Scott!

That is not your catchphrase, we should mention.

God damn it!

That is the Bob Odenkirk that we all know and love.

That's great that you've given me that catchphrase.

You've descr- decided that that's mine.

Now I can stop other people from saying it.

Yes, of course, it's trademarked.

You really should trademark that, Bob.

Have you thought about that?

You can make t-shirts with your face and just a word balloon saying, God damn it, above it.

Can I make those t-shirts and sell them?

You know, I...

Please.

It is a genetic thing, my dad could do that, uh, with the same intensity.

And I just saw my nephew do it.

He didn't say God damn it, he said damn it, but he was mad because the, um, the ninja, or the, no, the, uh, Jedi who was at his party was not real .

I mean, not a real Jedi.

What?

He was a person in a costume.

And he was so mad, he was walking around going, Damn it!

This dumb guy thinks he's from Disneyland!

What?

Is this Bill's kid?

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

Amazing.

His anger was the same as any Odenkirk.

Any Odenkirk, has he...

Down through history.

Does Bill have a catchphrase like your brother Bill, who was one of the writers on Mr. Show, uh, that I spent a lot of time with?

It's, it's God damn it, but swallowed.

God damn it!

Like you don't say that loud.

Bob, we have a lot to talk about.

We do.

We can't just talk about the word God damn it.

We have a big announcement.

That's right.

Toot-a-loo!

Not you and I, by the way.

I don't have a big announcement.

I don't, I don't have any horse in this race.

I have a big announcement.

When you say we...

On your show!

Do you mean the Royal We?

And speaking of Royal We, we'll get to the Royal We a little later in the show with our other special guest.

This is what I hear.

We have a great show today with a very special guest.

We have a special guest coming up a little later who is a royal watcher that will be very interested in your advice.

I'm fascinated by the royals, but even more fascinated by the watchers.

I want to hear about when they're having babies, when they 're, you know, out and about at night.

So babies would be number one and then out and about at night.

When royal watchers are out.

I want to know where they are, what they ate, where they got the latest clothes, you know.

Yeah, of course.

Should we get our, that person on the line before you announce this?

Oh yes, let's get our special friend on the line.

Now Bob Odenkirk, you are, listeners would know you from Breaking Bad currently, where you play Saul Goodman.

I'm told.

Don't you think it's ironic that he is not a good man and but his name is Goodman?

I've never, ever seen or thought that.

But now that you bring it up, that is called subtext.

Yeah, I think so.

Hello, are you on the line?

Yeah, can I ask who's calling?

Well, I mean, you can.

Do you know who this is?

Who's calling?

This is your, this is your buddy.

I have over three buddies.

Oh no.

Is it Dr. Tolliver?

David Cross, you're on Comedy Bang Bang, the podcast with Scott Aukerman and my other special guest Saul Goodman himself, Bob Odenkirk.

Oh, I love that.

Yeah, isn't that great?

I love it.

You know what I love is walking down the street and having people go, Sal!

You better call Sal!

Like okay, you know, sort of, I guess, your friend of yours knows the show and told you the name wrong.

David, how are you?

Where are we calling you?

I am at home in New York.

What is your address?

You want my address?

Yes.

I am at 144 Waters Street, apartment 10G.

You can, the back door to the, like the elevator door to the back of the building is broken, so you can enter that way and you don't even have to sign in or any of that stuff and you can just shoot right up the stairs and come on in.

And you have signed headshots outside your door?

Just on the inside of the door.

You have to get through, you can get them, but I'll have to open the door for you.

Yeah.

Cool.

And you're always there, right?

You never leave.

Right.

It's me and keep this to yourselves, but Howard Hughes is also here.

He's in the closet, but he and I just hang out.

We get delivery.

There's a lot of good stuff around here in the area.

And Dim Sum's place just started to deliver, which is kind of crazy to think about, but yeah, he loves that stuff.

So yeah, so just come on in.

I'll be here.

I have got a book of the most popular baby names from the last 35 years and I have personalized literally thousands of headshots to all, there's at least a half dozen for each name.

Oh, so you don't have to sign them when people show up, they're done.

You just have to find them.

Yeah, I just go to the files.

Put on your reading glasses and start flipping through the files.

I take off my reading glasses.

Oh, very good.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

David- This is a photo and you don't have to read a photo.

So I'll put on my photo looking glasses and- You have a special pair just for these photos?

Oh my gosh.

David, Bob tells me that the two of you combined have a very special announcement.

Doo doo!

Together, we dropped over 12 pounds.

Please ask me how.

All right, how.

Please ask, no, don't ask me, ask my car.

Ask my car how.

Yeah, Bob and I are putting out a book through a real American publishing company and it's a collection of screenplays and a couple of sketch ideas that we wrote but never got filmed.

I'm looking at this book right now.

It's called Hollywood Said No.

And Bob and it, oh, it won the prestigious Bob and David Award, I notice.

Yes.

Yeah, on the cover is a gold medal that we won with this book already.

My goodness, congratulations.

It hasn't even come out.

Will you read that award out loud?

I will.

Bob and David Award winner.

And then there's like Scrit Scratch and it says best award placement on a book cover award.

And that's right in the lower right hand corner.

Yeah.

And a lot of times when they put these awards, they'll put them over the name of the author, over the title.

Oh, you can't do that.

In the corner they get torn easily.

You're at home, the book falls, you're out fly fishing, it goes into the water, you're canoeing with your Indian friend and the light glares off the gold award, blinds him briefly and you lose track of the skink you were chasing.

You know, this is common.

These are common events.

And so our award, our gold medallion is placed just so on our book, Hollywood Said No in Bookstores September 10th.

Your award is obscuring something though, right?

I mean, you did place it over.

Oh, also there's a fart patch under that.

Oh, okay.

So if that award was not there, the book would smell like a fart.

Oh, well then that's great placement.

It's basically to cover up the fart hole that's put into every book and has been for the last couple of years.

Do books have butts?

Is that what you're trying to say?

This one does.

And we, not only, David, is our big announcement the book, but you want to let people in on announcement number two?

Yes.

We are, I hope you have the list in front of you, but we're going to be going to a couple different cities for one, for bookstore signings, and two, along with our adorable little friend Brian Postein, we are going to be doing some shows in said cities.

We're going to do Town Hall in New York on September 12th.

We're going to do the Shubert Theater in Boston, Mass on September 13th.

We're going to do the Vic Theater on September 20th in Chicago, Illinois.

We're going to do the Palace of Fine Arts on September 27th in San Francisco, and we're going to do Powell's Books on September 28th.

And then we're going to do Jack Black's Awesome Fest, what 's it called?

Yeah, I can't remember.

Festival Supreme on October 19th in Los Angeles.

I should say that you're doing the Newark Theater in Portland on September 28th, not Powell's Books.

Yes.

That's right.

We're doing the Newmark Theater in Portland on September 28 th.

The tickets for all these shows go on sale today.

Today, you say?

Today.

Wow.

And where can people find these tickets?

July 22nd.

David, do you know?

Nope.

Hey, I would suggest Google.

Yeah, you can Google it or ticket.

I think Ticketmaster has them.

Yeah.

Well, that's great.

And what is this tour going to be?

The two of you standing on stage staring at each other for about an hour and a half?

We did that, and that was so wildly successful.

It was almost disappointing that simply us staring at each other would create such a frenzy.

And we thought, okay, let's challenge ourselves this time to quite literally put words in each other's mouths.

And that's what we're going to do.

We're going to do some sketches.

It's not going to be all sketch, it's not going to be Mr.

Show or anything like that, but we'll do some stuff.

But it'll also be stand up with the three of us.

More like sit down, I would say, but go on.

And it'll be audience non-participation, which will be lots of fun.

So people should just sit there silently.

They can sit and enjoy the show, which is a rarity these days in theater.

And we won't interact, nor will we make you question your personal motives or values.

It'll be all surface.

Oh, it's going to be all entirely surface.

We're going to make the Andy Williams Christmas Spectacular look like Harold Pinter's dog took a crap on a Shakespeare play.

I don't know.

I'm a Shakespeare book.

I'm a Shakespeare's books.

Not books of his plays, mind you.

Not one that he wrote.

No, books he had lying around where a dog might shit.

Well, that's exciting, guys.

I can't wait to see this show.

This is going to be fantastic.

It's going to be a great one.

We're coming to your city as long as you only live in New York, Boston, Chicago, San Francisco, or Portland.

So please come see us.

The shows start in September, and the book is out in September.

Oh, and let me show you this.

By the way, Scott, I told you this earlier.

Scott Aukerman, amongst many wonderful people, did the book on CD, the audiobook of Hollywood Said No.

And it is an amazing audiobook.

You were telling me it came out really great.

I'm really excited to hear it.

The paper book is great because it has drawings from Mike Mitchell, great artist who you might know.

He did the Conan poster that became really popular.

The famous Conan poster.

So we've got storyboards from Mike Mitchell, and we also have some humorous things in here, like there's two things that are funny in the book.

They are comedy screenplays, but there's two jokes also.

Yes, and if you can find them, we'll give you a website to write in, and then the first 400 people who find where the two jokes are.

Do they get 80 cars?

They get 80 cars, yes.

I've noticed a lot of contests, they just give away one car per person.

You give away 80.

Well, that was my fuck-up.

I wanted to put one 80s car, like a car from 1980s, and I screwed up.

It went out to the printers already, so now we're beholden to buy whatever 80 times 400 is.

Oh, wow.

You know, hey.

So we've got, the book has got lots of extras in it.

It's got two big screenplays and a bunch of sketches that you can perform with your church group or first start, join a church and then find the group .

Sure.

What religion would you say is the right one?

I'd say that's a high faith, maybe, or Calvinist.

Well, maybe you've never heard of the Mormons.

Oh, wait, I've been hearing about these people.

Who?

The Morons?

Oh, is that what they are?

It's another group.

Different group.

Just as dedicated.

Well, guys, this book sounds fantastic.

I would suggest getting the physical copy and the audio copy.

I would, because in the audio copy, Scott, not only are you on there narrating, Paul F. Tompkins, Scott Adsit, Stephanie Courtney, Jay Johnston, John Ennis, Jerry Minor, Lauren Lapkus, Artemus Pibdani, an amazing group of comics performed this for us and it's really a lot of fun to hear.

Well, that's good.

Well, guys, I cannot wait to see the show.

And it's always a pleasure to hear your voice.

Oh, thank you.

How's Comedy Bang Bang the show going?

Oh, it's going really well.

And actually your episode will be on not this Friday, but the following Friday.

And your episode is actually one of our favorites.

That one has you, it has Will Forte, it has Bob Odenkirk, it has Weird Al Yankovic.

There's so many people on that episode.

It's really a fantastic one.

Sounds good.

I had fun doing it.

It was fun.

And Tim Meadows.

Oh, and Tim Meadows.

Yeah.

How can I forget?

Yeah.

It's such an amazing episode.

So, David, we will talk to you later, I hope.

And good luck with the tour.

And I will not speak to you until then.

Okay.

Sounds good.

It sounds very promising.

All right.

Thanks, David.

The future looks bright for me.

All right.

Bye.

Well, Bob, that's really great.

Thanks enough of that guy.

Thank you so much for bringing this all to our attention.

Now, will you stay around for the rest of the show?

I told you I'm fascinated by royals and royal watchers even more than the royals.

Okay, good.

Well, we have to take a break.

But when we come back, we will have a professional royal watcher.

I don't know if that can be a profession.

I don't know.

We'll talk all about it with him and more with Bob Odenkirk coming right up on Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here with Bob Odenkirk.

People know him as Saul Goodman.

He told us about his tour.

Sal!

Sal, sorry.

Sal!

Better Cal Sal.

You also have, we may not get you back before this comes out, but the Birthday Boys Show.

You are an executive producer.

Oh, that's right.

There's a great new sketch show coming on in October on IFC , and I hope you'll all check it out.

And this will actually be following my show.

That's right.

It'll come on after Comedy Bang Bang, which is a great lead -in for us and our craziness, and the show's called The Birthday Boys.

And they're fantastic.

Three of them write on my show, and it's my favorite sketch group.

Great.

Yeah.

It'll be great.

And you're a big part of it.

Not a big part of why they're my favorite sketch group because they existed before you.

No, because I'm making it worse.

But thank you.

All right.

We have to get to our second guest.

I mean, it's an honor to get to our second guest.

I mean, I should say that, right?

It's a tribute and an honor.

And he is a royal watcher.

I don't have any more information about him other than that , but I'm looking forward to talking to him.

Please welcome Byron Dennisten.

Yes, thank you.

Hello.

It's wonderful to be here.

Hello.

Yes, of course.

Yes, across the pond.

My goodness, yes.

Well, that's where the royals are, are they not?

Ah, ha, ha.

I do mean to tell you, you've never had a royal watcher on this show before.

No, we've never had occasion to.

I mean, the overlap between the existence of this show and of the monarchy would be, you know, the entire length of the time that this show has existed.

That's true.

I guess we've been going for four years.

Yes, for four years.

And the monarchy has been going.

All that time and much, much more.

Right, 12.

So much more.

What's that?

Like, how many years?

Well, the British monarchy has been around for an inestim able number of years.

Oh, you should have incredible...

You can't estimate.

No, really?

It's inestimable at this point.

It must be a source of great pride that the families that comprise the monarchy have not all died out.

Right.

No, true enough.

That must be an incredible source of pride for you.

Well, it really is when you think of all the families that have died out all over the world.

Sure.

And the royals...

Well, the world is so much smaller.

There's so many fewer people than there were 100 years ago.

Yes.

And so many more people than there were when caveman times were around.

Well, that may be right.

So how...

I don't know.

I'm not a population statistician or anything like that, but you may be right.

Continue to procreate.

Yes, yes, they do and they do.

And that is a large part of what we're here to talk about.

And they have procreation part of it, as you know.

So we're going to talk about it.

We're going to talk about it.

There's nothing...

I just want to harp on this another second.

Harp away, please.

Please.

What could make a person more proud than a stranger who they don't know...

Yes.

...continues to bear children, that the family line that is in no way a relation to them continues to procrastinate.

If I understand the spirit of your question, I could not disagree with it more so.

It is not that these are strangers to us at all.

No.

It is not that these are people that we do not know.

I feel like Bob is being a little sarcasmic, which I think ...

And a bit irreverent, if you don't mind my saying so, which is understandable.

Could you be a little more reverent, please?

I will.

I promise.

This is what's called for here, given the pomp and the page antry and the magistry and the tradition, the tradition more than anything, of the roy als and how lucky we are to have them and to know them, sir, to know them as we do.

Yes.

I apologize for Bob here.

It's...

Oh, no.

No apology needed.

It's not this kind of a show, Bob.

That's a very American attitude, I suppose.

That's precisely right.

And so for that reason, you needn't apologize.

Bob, I don't really like you coming on the show and making fun of our guests like this.

No, you're right.

I celebrate these people and their interesting offbeat interests.

Yeah.

So why don't you just...

Now, let's tell...

Again, again...

I want to hear...

I can't let the word offbeat go by without some commentary.

There's nothing offbeat at all about the royals.

They're totally on beat.

They are on the beat.

I've seen them dance and they know dances that go way back in time.

Oh, you're clearly enamored of this...

Enamored is hardly the word.

...collection of scoundrels.

Scoundrels, sir!

Wait!

How dare you?

This has taken a turn.

I apologize.

Listen, I...

Now I will accept your apology and I will await yours.

Sir, I await it.

I apologize.

Okay.

Bob, come on.

Scoundrels.

At least let the guy talk about what he wants to talk about .

I can't even...

Jackanapes, I should have said.

Jackanapes is worse!

It's worse than scoundrels.

You shouldn't have said that.

You think so?

Absolutely it's worse.

How do you know?

Look it up.

I have looked it up.

I have all 13 editions of the Oxford English Dictionary in my study.

And you look up the word jackanape several times?

I am well versed with all manner of insults in case any one of them should be lobbed at the royals.

Wonderful people.

Wonderful people is much closer to reality.

I'll take that.

Alright, so now Byron...

I have been tested.

Byron Denniston, what are you doing here?

You're here to talk about the royals?

What's happening with the royals lately?

I barely follow them.

I am needed here more than I ever even imagined, as you know.

In our hour of greatest need, you arrive.

It may well be, yes.

I really have come over here to educate the American people , to let you all know what's happening over there in your former empire.

Well that's right, you guys used to like own us or something, right?

We kicked you out.

The United States was well here in California, you can barely claim that.

But yes, the 13 colonies were colonies of England.

At any rate...

Wait, you think us in California we don't have a right to say that we kicked you out just because we're here in La La Land or something?

I don't think that you do, no.

I mean none of the people who were around back then are still around.

If I met someone from an old family in Massachusetts, they could give me a real going to about what happened to Cornwallis over there.

I'm sorry, but a lot of people moved from Massachusetts to California.

Is that where you're from?

There's a lot of people with Boston hats, I'm not from there.

Point made.

Thank you.

Okay, I'm sorry.

At any rate, where was I?

Yes, well I'm here to educate.

What's the news?

Yeah, what's the latest news?

I know that Princess Queenie is going to have a baby.

This is absurd.

This is to the level of comedy, nearly.

Nearly to the level of comedy.

Almost.

We don't want to get to that level, so Bob, please, just rein it in.

Tone it down.

Please, absolutely.

Your irreverence is nearly to the level of comedy.

Right.

No, tell them, but I literally don't know what's happening with these people.

That's what it is.

Now I know.

Those are good books, yes.

They're entirely off point.

I don't know what you call her, Miss Queenie, whatever.

She is the wife to Prince William and she is expecting a baby.

Oh, God.

She is the Duchess of Cambridge.

The moment she said this...

What kind of a question is that?

Does she know who it is?

It's not a legitimate question to ask any pregnant woman.

She was married rightfully to the Prince of England.

Oh, is that what the first in line was?

Second in line after his father to ascend to the throne.

She is married to him and she bears his child who becomes instantly third in line to ascend to the throne.

The ascension is assured to three spots once this child is born.

So we got the...

If it is a boy, I dare say.

We have the...

No, even if it is a girl.

We have the queen.

Yeah, you don't know that much about her.

I know all there is to know about Kate.

So we have the queen up on top.

Then when she...

The queen rules currently.

When she poops out...

That's an American phrase.

That's American.

That's slang.

You have to give him slang.

It is legitimate.

She will not poop out.

She will take her rightful place in heaven.

Wait, she has a rightful place in heaven?

Absolutely, yes.

Where would that be?

At Jesus's right hand or...

She will take the throne.

She'll be ruling over heaven?

Absolutely.

She has a divine right.

What about all the...

The divine right of kings and queens.

What about all the kings and queens before her?

Well, they'll have to step aside once she gets there.

Absolutely.

The order of succession is the same in heaven.

So whoever dies the most recently up in heaven rules over heaven?

You literally don't know this.

This is...

I am needed here in the United States more than I ever imagined I is.

I've never heard anything like this.

Once the royal, the sitting royal there in England, the monarch, the sitting monarch passes on.

They take their rightful place on the throne in heaven.

What do the previous kings and queens do at that point?

They are retired at that point.

And they go...

Then they become part of Harry Potter.

I don't know that that is true, sir.

And they go and haunt...

Have you ever seen Harry Potter's?

I've seen Harry's.

They all scoop around the castle and they're like ghosts.

Oh, okay.

I've seen it.

Do they become ghosts or do they get to kick back in heaven and coast?

They do say that some of the great castles of England are haunted by the ghosts of the royal.

Oh, don't say that to me.

Don't tell me that.

It has been said.

It has been remarked upon.

And I don't know.

But it's fun to imagine.

Scary.

Not at all cute or funny.

Scary.

So Byron.

Yes.

We got the queen.

Then we have the prince and he's second in line.

And then...

No, no.

Yes.

And then if he's gone, then it's the other prince, right?

The one who's always messing up or...

No, absolutely not.

It would be Prince William.

Prince William.

Right.

Isn't he the guy from...

No, Harry is the one who's made the boner, pulled the bon ers.

Oh, yeah.

I've seen no boners on the part of Prince Harry.

He's a good young man, served his country honorably in the Middle East.

And...

Absolutely.

...occasionally has a good time and good for him.

And then underneath them all would be this new person.

No, no, no.

Harry would be overpassed in the case that...

Yes, he's not in the...

Only in the case that Prince William...

No.

At this point, once this child is born, Harry is...

Shouldn't you or anyone know about this?

I don't think you know what you're talking about.

It's complicated.

It's quite complicated.

Okay.

The point is that once this child is born, Harry can do whatever he wants for the rest of his life.

He will never be king?

He will never be king.

What if it's a girl?

Even then.

Even then?

Oh, that's...

The rules have recently changed, and even if it's a girl, she will ascend to the throne.

Wow, that must feel...

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

Yes.

What if Charles decides he wants to be king for 10 years?

Sure, yes.

Mm-hmm.

He may well.

And then it goes...

And then abdicate, you're saying?

Yes.

And then it goes to who?

Then it would go to William.

Then it goes to William.

That's correct.

And what if William lives to be 110...

Sure.

...and his child...

Very likely takes very good care of himself.

It's in wonderful shape.

And then his child decides not to be, does not want to be the king or queen.

Has anyone ever done that before?

And then, oh, that's been done.

Yes, yes, indeed.

Oh, yeah.

So then it won't necessarily be the king or queen.

Right.

So Harry has a shot.

Yeah, so you're so sure of yourself, but now you're realizing that...

Oh, there are any number of circumstances and exigencies.

I guess everyone could die except for Harry.

Certainly, yes.

And then there's the situation on my part, because I don't really know anything about this.

We have our own people that we have to look out for.

We have to watch.

All the...

In Washington, I was trying to tell you, Bob, that there was...

Scoundrels.

There was this...

Yes, those may be scoundrels.

There was a circus in Washington, and the strongmen were there, sure, and the trapeze artists and all of them, but they moved along, but the clowns...

Stayed.

They missed the...

Yes.

Oh, yeah, anyway.

I understand.

So the clowns from the circus are still there.

Yeah, they're still in Washington.

Anyway, it's a long...

And were they able to catch the next flight or whatever and catch up with the circus?

No, I guess they liked it so much.

So did they stay?

Did they stay?

Yeah.

Yes, and so now there's a troop of clowns there in the nation's capital, and do they put on a show?

They sure do.

Every day.

Every damn day, I would say.

Is that right?

It's a daily show.

We pay for it with our tax money.

Well, good, good.

It's a publicly funded performance being put on by these clowns.

Interesting the way they came to be in the nation's capital .

You would like that publicly funded, Britain.

Everything...

You pay 800% taxes and it pays for the TV.

Not quite.

You have to pay for the BBC.

All you get is tea money at the end of the day.

Not quite.

Just enough money to make a bag of tea that you have to share with the whole farmhouse.

Not precisely right.

All right, anyway, we have our own thing going on, so this was an indication.

Is the baby out yet or what?

As of this time, the baby is not out, but the baby is imminent and she looks radiant and wonderful.

Who does?

Catherine Middleton, Kate Woodcote.

How do you know that?

How do I know that she looks wonderful?

I've seen her.

I see her all the time.

Do we know how in pictures or do you go there and peer?

Often pictures, often pictures, and often yes, I will.

As a royal watcher, I'll try to get my eyes on...

And she's the radiant, you say?

Yes, absolutely radiant, walking around the house.

When you say you're a royal watcher, you weigh out.

What a shame, though, that she'll soon have that baby out and the radiant seal off.

Oh, I expect the radiant seal of new motherhood to carry over and for her to be absolutely beautiful.

So then you shouldn't be so fascinated by the radiant seal if it's just a norm.

It's just the norm.

So therefore, it should no longer be so...

With each new, wonderful thing that happens to Kate, she becomes more and more radiant.

The radiance just simply continues.

Ah, new levels of radiant seal.

So you would say that today she is unbelievably radiant.

Unbelievably radiant.

In comparison to today, a month ago, she was just a dishrag .

A bit, no, never.

I did not say that.

Those are your words and not mine.

But you have to admit that with her radiance...

She was somewhat less radiant.

Guys, guys, this is getting heated here.

Come on.

It is not getting heated.

He makes a fair point, but he's phrasing it very, very...

I'm trying to do the math here.

...poorly.

I have been tracking her radiance for a long time, and it has steadily increased with each passing year.

So it's steady.

It jumps up or...

Oh, my friend, it jumped up enormously once she went.

My goodness.

This is goodness.

When she became engaged to him, her radiance increased exponentially.

Big leap.

Yes, indeed.

And when she attended her first official function, yes, her radiance, yes, yes, of course.

But when she's not doing that, just a gradual increase.

Most of the time, yes.

There's a gradual increase that I have noted.

Just gradual, gradual, gradual, and then boop, all of a sudden up, really sharp.

At certain moments.

And then just gradual, gradual.

The birth of the next monarch will indeed be a boost in rad iance.

She may have just had an iron deficiency, and now she's slowly getting her diet in check, in balance.

That's a fanciful notion.

She may.

A lot of women do.

You have to take a multivitamin, and it will make you go from sallow-complected to a more rosy complexion.

She may well have better iron deficiency.

Can I ask something?

What you're trying to do is assign a scientific explanation to something that cannot be explained by science.

It is the beauty and the radiancy of the realm.

Bob, can I ask, and I say Bob, even though I'm going to ask Byron, just because I'm having a hard time getting your word in.

Oh yes, yes, I see.

Can I ask, do we know the sex of the baby yet?

I really don't know anything about this.

And by the way, we're taping this a little bit in advance of the release of this show, so we don't, maybe it's born by the time this comes out.

By the time this airs, yes, or whatever it does.

H-E-I-R-S.

Oh, that's a good one.

Oh, wonderful, very good.

Now you're in the spirit.

By the time that happens.

You are kind of in the spirit, I like this.

A little bit, yes.

I like the spirit of asinine.

Hey, come on, come on, Bob.

Well it's alright, it's alright, if from now on we're making nice jokes about it.

I didn't realize this was going to be like real time with Bill Maher all of a sudden, like we got this guy, I'm just too much, you know what I mean?

Like calm down, Bill Maher.

And go back to your show real time.

Okay, I will.

With Bill Maher.

Alright, go ahead.

By the time this airs.

Yes, the child may well have been born, but as of this time we do not know whether it is a boy or a girl.

They do not know.

They have a list of boys' names by the bedside table, on William's bedside table and on Kate's bedside table is a list of girls' names.

She's keeping a list of girls' names.

She wants a girl and he wants a boy?

Is that what that's about?

It's a fun little exercise that they have agreed to do.

And the list sits there and at night.

Does it glow in the dark at night?

No, William will put on a little bedside light and he'll turn over and he'll write a name if it occurs to him sometime.

So if he wakes up in the middle of the night, he has to switch on, he has to find his lamp.

Yes, it's right over the bed and he just, he simply reaches up there.

Oh, it's a pole, like a pole swing?

I've seen him do it dozens of times.

He just reaches up, no, it's a bit of a knob on the wall.

Can I ask you a question here?

Yes.

And this is something that you've said a couple of times.

How are you actually watching these people?

How are you watching him in the middle of the night?

I thought a royal watcher was just someone who follows them in the news.

Well, no, anyone can follow anything in the news, right?

And that doesn't make you an anything watcher.

Yes.

So you're, are you actually watching, you're in person watching these people?

Absolutely, whenever possible.

And it isn't always possible.

I do it whenever I can.

And I've seen them dozens of times.

As I say, they have, he has a list on her, on his bedside table, she lists on hers.

No, I got, I mean, I want, and I want to get back to this.

Exactly how it's turned on and off.

Well, it is a fascinating lab.

But before we get to that, I have to ask you, are you invited into their bedroom somehow?

No, heavens no, I know they wouldn't do that.

No, not even close.

Quite far from it.

Tell us.

Yes.

They keep a list of names.

Yes, that's right.

And they might name the child.

Yes, that's right.

Or they may not name the child at all.

Well, no, the child will be named in accordance with the...

You seem very sure of yourself.

I'm positive the child will receive some sort of a name.

What if they just give it a number because a lot of them have numbers for names.

A lot of who?

Royals.

No, not true.

I don't think so.

I don't think there's like 13.

There's people named the third or the eighth or the six teenth.

But they, in addition to that, also have a name.

But Bob, I heard that those are nicknames actually, and that the number is the only thing on their birth certificate.

I think you're wrong.

Well, you have to check on that because I'm pretty sure I'm right.

I will check.

It's a fine question, but I believe there's a name and then a number.

No, they'll just put VI.

If this Richard is the fifth Richard or something like that , he'd become...

A lot of times they don't want to commit, and they want to take some time to figure out.

And so they just go with the number.

That's what I've heard.

But Bob, I hate to interject here, but I feel as if we're really not paying attention to something huge that...

The list of names, which I have seen.

Oh my God, he's seen the list of names.

I have seen the names.

How?

Okay, let's talk about...

Maybe this is a sclucy that we should break here before I get back to this other thing.

But yeah, go ahead.

What are the list of names?

She on the list of girls' names is Millicent, Victoria, Laura, Penelope, and Marion.

That's not what you have written down there.

Yes.

You have the word Penelope.

Ah.

So you're pronouncing it Penelope.

No, you're looking at...

Penelope is pronounced...

Yeah, it's pronounced Penelope.

Well, yeah, that's how you're pronouncing it, but it's not what you wrote.

Go ahead.

No, Penelope, that's exactly how it's...

It's just pronounced Penelope.

It's not Penelope.

No, you'd have to put in all the...

You have to look at the dictionary to see how it's written.

No, no, no.

When you write words, you don't have to write them like you do in the dictionary.

How you say it.

You write them how you say them.

Right.

No, I don't think so.

Anyway...

There is a style of argument.

I guess you've never read the book Puddin' Head Wilson by Tom Sawyer.

No.

We can agree to disagree at times, and it may be the wisest course.

All right.

So, and what are the boys' names?

He has written on his page Dilbert and Garfield and Beatle barley and Dagwood.

What?

Yes.

That's what William has on his...

You're kidding me.

Yes, that's right.

The women's names are...

The women's names are Millicent, Victoria, Laura, Penelope, Marion.

All apropos names for a little princess.

Beautiful names, yes.

But now if it's a boy, if it's a future king...

If it's a boy, it will either be Dilbert or Garfield or Beatlebarley or Dagwood.

Beatlebarley.

That's two names.

I suppose you're right.

So, this guy...

And it would be Beatlebarley I.

I guess so, yeah.

There hasn't ever been a Dilbert name.

Well, now, you probably don't know this, because you're not from here.

No.

But all of those names are names from what we call in America the funny pages.

What is that now?

Well, in our newspapers, much like you have newspapers...

Right.

But let's say where your papers would have a nude woman on page three...

Indeed.

Instead...

Ours would have on page 82...

Yes.

A drawing of a cat.

And there would be cartoon, comic little stories...

Oh, I see.

...told with cartoon characters.

Some of which are very famous and well-known and well-liked .

I see, yes.

And since there's a certain cat that likes lasagna, yet antithetical to that, hates Mondays, named Garfield...

Why is liking lasagna antithetical to liking Mondays?

Well...

Are you simply saying he likes it?

As much as he likes lasagna, he hates Mondays.

Yeah, they're exactly equal.

It's two sides of the same coin.

I see, yes.

Is exactly what I'm trying to say.

Yes, I see, yes.

More lasagna, less Mondays, he says.

But in equal amount.

But the tragedy of his life is that Mondays will come every Saturday.

Mondays will come and lasagna we don't know.

Lasagna, less predictable.

Yeah, so you get it, obviously.

I do, I understand, and I can see the humor.

So that would be one of them, and Dilbert would be another man who hangs around in an office all day, and apparently he doesn't enjoy his job all that much, but there's humor in terms of...

I was not aware of...

You're giving me a fascinating insight into William Stiggy.

Yes, yeah.

Beagle Bailey is the character in one of these stories that I've told you about.

I believe he's a private in our armed forces?

Yeah.

He's a soldier, an American soldier.

I see.

And he's a sergeant who disagrees with him quite frequently .

Is that right?

Yeah.

Are you sure you got this list from the royals or from some toilet somewhere?

Toilet?

I'm going to show you, sir.

Why would a list of four...

I'm going to name a list.

I have never obtained a list of anything from a toilet.

But okay, so this is fascinating.

So he must be a fan of Americane Comerica scripts.

I don't know.

All that I know is that late in the night, he sits up, he turns on his lamp with the lampshade of which is covered in...

And I want to get back to this lamp.

Yes, yes, yes.

But before we do that, this is what I'm trying to get at.

And Bob, maybe you missed this, but you're hanging out in their bedroom while they sleep?

Yeah, this is creepy a little bit.

Why is that?

No, I'm not...

Probably illegal.

You're not invited.

You said that much.

No, no, no.

I'm not in their bedroom, gentlemen.

I live in a mobile tree house, which was designed for me by a magician.

And...

Harry Potter, there it is again.

No, it is not Harry Potter.

Keep going.

And you actually need three branches of any tree that are more or less vertical.

They can be at an angle.

Yes.

And it's very adjustable.

And you can set it up in 10 minutes or less.

And it's just a floor and sort of some sticks and walls.

Most important part of the tree house is the floor.

Yes, of course.

And on that, you can put your rollaway, your bed, you know.

You can't put it up on the ceiling, I'll tell you that much .

No.

So you live in the tree house.

That's right.

And it goes wherever I go.

And you snoop and snip and snap and look in the windows of the royal palace.

I neither snoop nor snip nor snap, sir.

You snip a little bit.

How do you get these names?

How did you get this list?

I'm watching.

That's all.

Wait.

And you're...

So you're...

Let me get this straight.

Yes.

Because this is a lot to take in.

This is a lot to process.

You're...

For me, as a person who doesn't know anything about the roy als, this is a lot for me to process.

But you live in a tree, in various trees, in a tree house that a magician made for you?

Yes, that's right.

Who is this magician?

He's a magician, a very popular magician in the Orient.

No, he's an Oriental.

An Oriental magician made you a magic tree house?

No, no, no.

It's hardly magic.

No.

Well, I see why you say that.

No.

But it's adjustable to any span of branches and all that.

It's just a magician made this for you.

It doesn't have anything to do with magic.

It doesn't matter that he's a magician.

He's an engineer is what he is.

Yes, that's right.

He creates props and things like that.

The fact that he does magic on the side is not important.

Well, he creates boxes that women can be folded up into and whatnot.

Whatever else he does, it's not germane to the story.

It is a bit because I approached him because I thought he might have some clever engineering ideas for this, being that he's a magician and all that stuff.

And I had nowhere to live.

I said, perhaps a magician can solve this.

So you went to the far reaches of the Orient in order to find a gentleman that you'd heard about who might have an idea of how to get you up in trees.

Something like that, yes.

Okay.

Oh, that makes sense.

And at the time I was practicing black magic and I was trying to.

Well, that all makes sense.

Wait, wait, wait.

Hold on.

Black magic?

What is that?

Yes, I was practicing black magic at that time and do occasionally as a sideline.

And through that had come into contact with various mag icians and things like that from around the world and in the Orient and all that.

What do you mean when you were talking about magic?

I thought that you meant that he constructs parlor tricks and stuff.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

What do you mean black magic that you're practicing?

Oh, nothing.

At this point, it's only a sideline.

I'm mainly a royal watcher, but I also am an aspiring sorcerer.

And should Kate and William inhabit Buckingham Palace, it is my hope that I would be honored with the position of the court sorcerer.

And that would be.

How about a beef feeder?

Yeah, no, I wouldn't do that.

No, that's a military position.

No, I think you're a beef feeder.

Wait, but.

Well, from time to time, of course.

You might not swallow, but you know.

Wait a minute.

What are you trying to say?

I beg your pardon.

Well, this is not that kind of a show.

All right.

What kind of show is that?

I think it is.

The kind of show where a goofball to the left of me starts lobbing presumed insults.

Hey, I'm sitting to the left of you.

Well, that's who I'm talking about, gosh darn it.

I think it is, yes.

Look, how about a beef feeder?

What about.

Would you like to be one?

No, I don't really.

He said he doesn't want to be one.

He wants to be like Merlin.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Yes, right.

In the tradition of Merlin and things like that.

But listen, it's a bit of a pipe dream.

I don't know if they'd choose me.

I'm sure they have.

Well, you've got the hat.

And all that stuff.

I do have a hat just like that.

Big, tall, pointy hat with the stars and the moon on it.

I had it made, yes.

Wait, who makes you this hat?

You can't just buy one in a costume store or something?

You probably could, but I wanted it to be the real deal.

Oh, good.

So who made the hat?

I'm sorry to interrupt.

I went down to the deepest reaches of the subcontinent and had it made by a true, authentic African.

Wow.

Yes.

Thank you.

Oh, my goodness.

Now, I've just got to say the names, I think you got one list right and I think you got one list wrong.

And I don't know how you got the list, but I think somebody swindled you.

If you purchased them, did you pay someone for these names?

Because I think they had half right.

Well, look.

Where'd you get them?

From my perch.

So you're peeping into their room from your tree house.

And I can see Kate's side of the bed much better, which is just how I'd have it.

And that list- That's weird.

I don't know.

I kind of get it.

Yes, absolutely.

What do they wear when they go to bed?

What a wonderful question that is.

Prince William wears a tartan set of pajamas in his family 's tartan every single night.

It is a new pair that he finds folded and tied with a ribbon on the bed each and every night.

They buy him a new pair of PJs every single day?

Every single day.

Yes.

That is the dream.

And Kate goes on and those are wonderful.

And Kate Middleton sleeps in the nude.

Wow.

Is it true?

Let me ask you a little fun fact.

What happened to your voice there?

Of course, I don't know.

Is it true that when a royal uses the kamode- I can already tell no, it isn't true, based on your track record of questions.

I have no idea if it's true or not.

No.

We'll find out, yes.

Perfectly willing to hear it's not true.

I hope so.

It's scuttlebutt right now and rumor.

That's all it is.

All right.

That's a lot of that, boy.

Absolutely.

And many rumors turn out to be true.

Quite good to dispel it.

Yes.

If it's not true.

Is it true that when a royal uses the kamode, they are obliged to do an upper decker?

What?

What is an upper decker?

To crap in the upper- In the upper part of the toilet?

The upper part of the- Where the tank is?

Reservoir tank and they crap in that.

Oh, I see.

It doesn't flush and then later a servant has to come and scoop out the turd.

Just as to what end?

To make a servant do it?

As a prank.

As a lifelong prank.

You are partly right, but largely wrong.

When visiting a house that is not their own, they are not obliged to do it, but they almost always do.

But it isn't as a prank.

It's more as like a thrill of like, hey, look what we left behind?

No, no, no.

It's a bit of a sort of a knocking down a peg of the staff at the house just to sort of, you know, because the staff at a house that isn't your own may not respect you.

And this is a way of sort of saying, well, clean that up.

Look what I can do.

Yes, exactly.

Yeah, it's like getting the first bark in.

Look at me go.

Yes, it is not an obligation.

It is not a prank and they don't do it in their own home.

But otherwise, yes.

Yeah, interesting.

That's true probably of a lot of rumors they're half true.

Yes, right.

There's an element of truth in them.

Yes, yes, there may be.

Well, Byron, I want to get to more, especially this lamp, but we do have to take a break.

Can you stick around and we can ask you more?

I'm interested to hear about your fascinating life up till this point.

Absolutely.

Stick around for a second.

Let's take a break.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here with Bob Odenkirk and Byron Denniston.

And Byron is a black magic sorcerer.

Oh, as a sideline.

Just as a sideline.

Yes, yes.

So mainly what you do is you put up a sort of functional tree house in the courtyard of the royals.

No, that's not mainly what I do.

That's simply where I live.

Do you mainly go home to your apartment and put the key in the door?

I'm so sorry.

I mean, what is your occupation?

I guess we haven't done that.

I'm a royal watcher.

I pay attention to the royals and the magistrate.

Have you ever identified, you know how bird watchers will often be very excited to identify a new breed or a breed they've never seen?

Have you ever identified a royal who was unknown until that moment?

Oh yeah.

Do they have anyone creeping around in their basement or anything?

I just saw a guy and I think he's a count.

No, it's a wonderful question.

No, the only thing I can say close to that is that if I'm the first to see the new heir, you know, the new baby when it's born.

You'll die.

You'll implode.

I may well for excitement, yes.

But then in that case, I will be able to say that I was the first to spot that royal.

So that's the only thing I can say.

Yes.

You were the first person to see the new royal child.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

What would you do with the rest of your life?

I would raise the child, I think, you know.

You would have responsibility for that child.

Well, you know, I mean, listen.

Just out of, just from eyeballing it.

If for instance, let's say, I was able to get myself into the room where the child was born by putting on a...

An invisibility cloak of some sort?

Harry Potter.

Yes, and if I, yes, you know, by making myself invisible, I don't think I'd ever be able to pull that off.

But worth a try.

Not in this time frame, no.

I think instead I'd dress as one of the doctors, you know, and perhaps have made up an authentic ID because they're sure to check it.

And I'd be in there...

All you need is like scrubs, I would imagine.

Yes, that's right.

That's right.

But also because of the extra scrutiny, you may want to make sure you look like them, have a false mustache if the doctor has a mustache or something along those lines.

Right, right, right.

Yes.

And be prepared to show authentic ID and be prepared to have done something with the doctor so that that doctor does not show up, you know.

All of a sudden pop up and go, hey, no, he's not the doctor , I'm the doctor.

The trick here is to be a specific doctor, not just some general doctor, because they know who will be in the room.

And you really have to come up with all the angles and like think four steps ahead.

I have heard a rumor, okay, and I want to know if it's true or not.

Well, all right.

And this is true of a lot of royals and famous people, there are doppelgangers, copycats, duplicates, who look like them.

Uh-huh.

Right?

Yes.

That are often sent as a decoy for people to not, so that the royal person can then, personage, I'm sorry, all apologies.

Oh, now you're belittling.

And I really have learned my manners.

Yeah, well, that scolding I gave you during the break.

The royal personage can thereby make their royal way.

Tough love.

You know?

Yes.

And smurf their way over to where they need to be.

Smurf their way.

That's a verb, it's an American verb.

Oh, is it?

Popularized by the smurfs, but it can mean anything.

It's a way of carrying yourself.

With dignity.

Singing while walking.

It's a great deal of dignity.

I see.

So the royal can smurf their way wherever they need to go.

And the doppelganger is the one that shows up at the festuv ity or festunery.

Festivity.

And thereby, the royal is safe and sound.

Watching TV.

Smurf their way to smurf the TV.

Yes.

Now, is that true, and if it's true, is it possible?

Oh, that's a multi-part question.

That.

Prince William is not who he says he is.

Princess Kate is not a woman even, or even looks like that.

Is it possible the baby was born years ago and is now a teenager who doesn't look at all like the baby they are going to foist upon us in photographs as a decoy, once again a decoy, legitimate purpose, so that that royal that we have never met, who is a teenager and is smurfing their way around town right now as we speak .

I cannot comment on the smurfing.

However.

You haven't heard of that term up until now.

So I cannot comment on it and will not.

But as with your last rumor, parts of this are true and other parts of it are demented and unhinged and disturbing to hear.

Now it is true that important persons in England, and certainly yes, the royal family, often have decoys who are sent out in one direction while they go in the other direction.

Kate Middleton has one and her name is Joanna and she's from Long Island, New York.

It just happens to look an awful lot like Kate Middleton but is a lout.

Aren't you fascinated by the doppelgangers?

I'm infuriated by the doppelganger.

I've been fooled by the doppelganger a number of times.

Oh really?

Yes.

And so you go and...

I think you were fooled by a doppelganger and that's where you got these names, these goofy names from the comics book page that you think Prince William wrote down for his future child.

You think that even the doppelgangers are sleeping in this bedroom?

I am told, and this may be a rumor or a lie, that the do ppelgangers live in a separate castle that is identical to Buckingham Palace and it's right next to Buckingham Palace and they walk in, they walk out, they do everything the royals are doing sort of at the same time, whether the royals are eating, then they eat.

If the royals are smurfing, they go and smurf.

If they smurf their way to the TV and watch us and smurf around the channels, then that's what the doppelgangers do.

Again, I will not, cannot comment on the smurfing.

But is there another castle right next to it and they use mirrors to obscure this fact?

I will tell you this now.

I do not know of the existence of a second castle, but if there were another Buckingham Palace, it would clearly indicate the work of a sorcerer.

Absolutely.

Do they have a current sorcerer?

Well I assume so.

Yes, of course no one's been in there to see the sorcerer, but I assume that Queen Elizabeth probably has one.

We don't know how good this sorcerer is really, but if this sorcerer can conjure up a second Buckingham Palace that is identical to the other one, I mean...

They'd have to be so powerful.

Are you even approaching that power level yet?

No.

Then why do you want to be the sorcerer so bad if like you 're not going to...

Well I say it's a long shot.

It's a long shot.

Like what happens if the sorcerer dies and then you come in and you're the new sorcerer and you can't keep up the glamour of the castle?

You know it's kind of like I say go for your dreams.

Yes, that's right.

Yes, that's the spirit.

Yes, and there'd be a lot of on the job learning.

If you shoot for the stars and you fall short, well, so what?

You fall back to earth and land in a...

You're already, we're on earth.

You know what I mean?

You're no worse off than you were before except for the fall.

The fall would probably kill you.

Probably break your neck and you won't even know.

Depending on how close to the stars you've got.

So in that sense you're better off not getting half-prett ied.

And even then if you actually reach the stars those are incredibly hot.

You wouldn't breathe.

No, and you'd burn to death.

Right.

Indeed.

So just don't breathe.

But it's definitely worth it.

Well, I think it's a poor metaphor is really.

Stay safe and don't try to go to space.

I think the metaphor could use work.

Have you ever thought about rewriting metaphors as a profession?

No, not at all because I've got my hands full keeping my eyes on the royals.

Would you consider it now?

If some horrible fate should befall the royals and they were impossible to watch I would look for other jobs and possibly rewriting metaphors might be one of them and I would certainly start with that reaching for the stars metaphor.

What about the famous feud within the royal family?

And you know what I'm talking about.

Oh, the family feud.

The famous feud.

You know what I'm talking about.

I'm afraid I do not, sir.

No.

Prince Harry.

That was my approximation of the family feud theme song and I realized I got it wrong the minute I did it.

I wouldn't know.

Prince Harry.

It's an American game show.

On one side.

Prince Harry on one side.

On the other side.

Count Flauntleroy.

Oh, Flauntleroy.

Flauntleroy.

I'm not aware of it.

I don't know about this.

Flauntleroy.

Well, you better start reading about it.

So they have a feud?

A family feud.

I am told that there is a battle raging right now.

Is there?

And that Harry Potter has not chosen a side.

And that's what everyone's waiting on.

I think he's having a laugh.

Yes, it seems like that.

The royal family.

Oh, yes, yes.

Bob, can I ask you something?

This is truly fascinating.

Are you having a laugh?

No, I think it's about time and you should stop taking the piss.

Stop taking the piss on this guy.

This guy is trying to give us good information.

That's right.

I like this guy and his accent is wonderful.

It certainly makes me think I should listen to him and trust him a bit.

Well, why don't you listen to him a bit?

He has a many hours of options about him.

And I would say your accent is also wonderful to me.

Ah, yes, yes.

There we are.

See?

So have you seen any other royals?

Have you seen any of the other royals?

I mean, you've talked a lot about Kate.

I certainly have seen William.

You've talked a lot about the same two people.

Yes.

Yeah.

I'm focused on the baby and on Kate.

Wait a minute.

When you said Kate, you licked your lips in such a manner that...

I'm not a middle-aged, but I can't control when my lips become dry.

Wait, say the word again.

Kate.

Oh my God.

Did you see that, Bob?

Yes, I did.

That's disgusting.

What is going on?

Gross.

You're just watching Kate.

You don't care about the baby at all.

You don't even know the other royals.

Kate is the most fascinating of all the royals and it's hard to be everywhere at once.

Well, she was in a royal two years ago.

Were you watching her before two years ago?

Well, in fact, you know, you may say that I'm prescient because I have been watching Kate since she was 16 years old.

Weirdo.

And a student at Down Health.

Oh no.

What do you mean weirdo?

How is that weird?

You're not.

How is that weird?

She had no status at the time.

She's just a regular human being.

She was a radiant, glorious, beautiful princess.

And you found her online and started following her?

I did.

Yes, in fact.

Yes, that's right.

She had a profile at that time online.

Wait, so you're not a royal watcher, you're a Kate watcher?

No, no, no, no, no.

I'm a royal watcher.

I'm absolutely an expert on the royal family, the Windsors of England, and an authority on their comings and goings and the pageantry and the glory and the tradition.

What's the weirdest thing she's ever done?

Kate.

Yeah.

Oh man, you just got so excited.

You leapt out of your chair practically.

What's the weirdest thing she's ever done?

The weirdest thing she's ever done, yes.

Well, there's a bit of a tradition at the University of St.

Andrews where she was a student.

Oh.

Yes, to become the head of a certain sorority, a certain sisterhood organization, she had to dive naked into a pit of snakes.

Go on.

Yes, and I was there dressed as one of the girls and saw it all.

And yes.

You didn't have your tree house at this time?

At the time, no, I had no tree house.

So you were dressed as, how long were you in the sorority dressed as one of the girls?

Were you there the entire time she was at school?

No, I would come and go.

I tried to get myself matriculated into the University of St. Andrews when she went there as a student, but they wouldn't take me.

I was quite a bit over age to be a student there and I did not have any of the qualifications, whatever.

But I would come and go.

Come and go dressed as a woman?

Yes, dressed sometimes as a woman and sometimes as a teacher and things like that.

Any animals?

Like maybe wearing like a...

Occasionally I was an animal.

If she was going to be out in the wild or something like that.

Dress up in a deer costume?

She had a certain walk to one of the classes that did take her through a partially wooded area and in that case I would be off on a bear or something like that or a wolf.

What's that?

You'd best be careful if somebody's listening.

I'm always careful, absolutely, yes.

So you've been following this...

You could be in a lot of trouble because...

Trouble in what way, sir?

Well, they don't watch you following the royals around that closely.

Of course they do.

The decoys?

Yes.

So you've been following this woman around since she was 16 years old.

She happens to marry the prince.

How surprising was that for you?

Well, yes, it was surprising and at first I'll confess angering.

Oh, you...

I was furious.

It didn't seem right to me at all.

Right.

You know, who is he after all?

Yeah, nobody.

I put in the time.

Sure.

But, you know, then I realized, oh my god, this is truly extraordinary, isn't it?

To have the opportunity to watch the future princess of England who will give birth to an heir that I can raise and become their sorcerer.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

Back up, back up, back up, back up.

Why would you be raising the child?

I mean, that doesn't make any sense.

The prince and Kate would be raising the child, would they not?

Well, it depends on who's in there when the child is born and who has the opportunity to handle it first and things like that.

Wouldn't it be wonderful for the heir to the throne to be raised by a sorcerer and to become a powerful king who can do magic?

A king who could actually do magic things?

Listen, it's a long shot.

It's a pipe dream, I confess.

I mean, sorcery is only a sideline for me.

But wouldn't it be something?

But anyway, yes, the pageantry and the wonder and watching them put the nursery together is glorious.

Oh, I don't know.

It's sort of like all sorts of things in there.

I hope they do a TV special about the nursery.

I hope it lasts at least an hour.

I can nearly guarantee.

Do you have plans to?

Do you think that there's any chance that there will be too much TV coverage of the royal birth?

You're just grinding the sacks, Bob.

Come on.

I'm asking, is there any way we can all be lucky enough to have too much knowledge?

This guy is telling us that he's a sorcerer who's going to try to kidnap their baby and teach it black magic.

But I am more interested in Bob's question.

The television is only capable in the best of scenarios of broadcasting 24 hours a day.

So it can't possibly do enough.

There is no possible way to have nearly enough coverage of the birth of the heir to the throne.

Well, I think that you could get arrested for your...

I think you should get arrested.

And have been.

Wow.

So we have three different points of view here.

Yes.

A number of times I have been arrested for simply trying to inform the public as to the goings on of the royal family.

Oh, wait a minute.

So is there a chance you'll be arrested because of this podcast that you're on?

Well, I am over here hoping things will cool down a bit so that I can go back there and be in the...

That's why you're not...

I mean, because the birth is about to happen.

I was wondering what you're doing in the States.

Yes.

Well, I just wanted to sort of lay low a bit and, you know, before my big move and things like that.

I mean, I'm not going to say...

Wait, you got to get...

I mean, you got to get back there if you're going to get this doctor costume going and get in, you know, I mean, what happens if you're over here and, you know?

I begin to feel that it's unwise to have explained and I don't know how you did that.

Too much of your...

I don't know how you got that out of me.

I really don't.

Is it possible to not broadcast certain parts of what I've told you about?

No, no.

This goes out completely live and unedited.

I'm so sorry.

Well, then in that case, I've been only kidding really about all of it.

Oh, okay.

It's all been a bit of a joke and...

Wait, are you having a laugh?

I am at this point now having a laugh, yes.

Oh.

But anyway, yes, I'm over here in the hope of eluding the police in England so that I can go back in time for the birth of the child.

How tight did that dragnet get?

Quite tight.

Oh, yes.

Okay.

Well, bring your treehouse, your...

You know, with you.

My mobile treehouse.

You'll need it.

My magician's mobile treehouse.

I don't think the magic part of it has anything to do with it.

You keep saying it's a magician.

It seems like just an apparatus that's purely mechanical.

Do you know that most magicians, entertainer magicians, they really aren't doing magic.

Are you aware of that?

I am aware of that.

And that in most cases, it really all is, it comes down to engineering.

And so you would, if you're looking for something novel like this, a mobile treehouse, approach a magician, absolutely, to design it.

Yeah, but you wouldn't call him a magician.

You wouldn't continue to call him a magician.

It would just be...

I don't understand this.

Well, he is a magician.

I mean, that's just profession.

Okay.

I mean, of all the things you've had a problem with.

Well, look, this is just ridiculous, okay?

If you have a treehouse, yeah, you know, I mean, maybe you bought it from a race car driver.

You wouldn't say it's a race car driver treehouse, would you?

Come on.

Why would I buy a specially designed treehouse, specially designed mobile treehouse, designed by the way, to accommodate any span of branches, as long as there are three essentially vertical branches.

It's designed to do that, a miraculous design.

And what is your question?

How would a race car drive, why would I ask a race car driver to concoct such a thing?

These cars are amazing and they, I mean, look at the way that race cars are built.

I do not dispute that race cars are an engineering feat, my friend.

Sure.

But the person you're describing merely drives it.

Okay, well, I mean, you got me there.

So would you go to a guy who designed race cars for this treehouse?

I would, oh, well...

Not the driver, but the person who's designing these race cars.

I honestly believe a magician would be more qualified to make a treehouse.

I know, I think you're crazy.

And in fact, the treehouse works wonderfully.

You know what, Bob, I'm on your side.

This guy's nuts.

Well, I didn't say that.

I've actually had to respect him greatly over the last hour .

Really?

Thank you very much.

Yeah, just because you can't shut him up and that takes a certain...

Persistence.

Tenaciousness.

That's right.

Yes, true enough.

I respect that alone.

So when are you going back to across the pond as they and you have already said?

Yes, I've got a flight back there tonight.

Straight to Heathrow.

Good job.

Yes, indeed.

Down on Heathrow.

Again, I don't get the reference.

But I'll be there for everything that goes on and will be right there by my darling Kate's side as she gives birth to the heir to the throne.

My goodness.

Yes.

And then would you abscond with this child for a while or do you plan to murder the prince right there in the room?

Heavens no.

My God, no.

There will be no murders.

I should not discuss the finer points of my plan.

It is a bad idea.

But please.

But we can cut this out.

I promise you we will cut this out.

If you cut it out, that would be good.

Yeah, what is the exact plan?

All right, so the plan is to be there dressed convincingly as one of the doctors that they know is going to be there.

Gotcha.

And his name is Dennis Franklin or something like that.

Anyway.

Well, your name is Dennis so that you wouldn't have to change one.

My name is Byron Dennis.

Oh, that's right.

Well, okay.

And I'm going to be there when the baby is born, take the baby.

And if anyone tries to stop me, I do have a few magic spells that I don't know if they're working on.

But anyway, I'll try them out.

Have you tried them out?

I have tried them.

Yes, I've tried them and sometimes they work.

Okay.

In the heat of the moment, hopefully they do.

Yes, and I have sort of flashpots and things like that and other things I've gotten from my magician friends.

It's like that Harry Potter.

It isn't very much like that.

And then I've got a plan to take the baby.

And I'm going to take the baby to an island.

And then I'm going to contact Kate and say, won't you come with me and raise this child as our own?

And if she says no, you'll just keep the baby.

I think so, but I don't think she'll say no.

You think that she'll...

I think she's come to respect me for quite the same reason that you, Bob, have come to respect me.

My tenaciousness, my persistence.

I think they're respectable attributes and I think Kate sees them for what they are.

But then you wouldn't be ruling over anything other than the island, I guess.

Is there no one else on this island?

Is it a private island?

No, no.

It's not a private island at all.

What island is it, do you mind saying?

It's the island of Australia.

Oh, wow, that's a big island.

Yes, and we'll be there raising the child.

And then at a certain point, when the child is of age, whoever sits on the throne at that point, we will go there, I with my magic and Kate with her radiant charm.

And we will depose whoever sits on the throne at that point and put the sorcerer king on the throne of England.

And I will rule there as the father to the sorcerer Merlin father figure.

Merlin father.

To the sorcerer king.

Well, it's good to have a plan.

Yes.

Well, good luck on becoming...

And you will edit that out, right?

I will edit that out.

And edit break, great.

Okay, well, good luck on becoming the Merlin father.

Oh, I'll edit that out too.

Please edit that out as well.

And edit there.

Edit point, great.

Okay, so we're back.

Good luck with whatever it is you're going to be doing.

Yes.

Good luck with all your plans.

Thank you very much.

Not that you have any plans.

No, not anything.

I'm going to tour around Hollywood, yes.

Yes.

Well, good luck with those plans.

The various wax museums and whatnot.

Yes.

Good luck with that plan of touring Hollywood and deposing whatever wax statues happen to be...

Well done.

You know what I'm talking about.

Wink, wink.

All right, guys.

Well, we have just one thing left to do on the show and it is a little something that we like to call Plugs.

The only thing left to do is of course a little something that we call Plugs.

Plugs.

All right, that is Plugs by Park.

I feel like we've played that one before, but it's so good that I enjoy it.

So thanks, Park.

You are famous for at least a few days.

I think we have a bonus episode this week.

So hey, you're famous for like four days.

And maybe you were famous before, but I like that song a lot.

Thanks, Park.

And let's go around the room.

What do we got?

Bob, what do you plug in?

Obviously, the tour on sale now.

Ticketmaster probably.

On sale right now, an evening with Bob and David and Brian Posehn.

Tickets on sale and...

How much are tickets?

Probably $150 to $200.

$30 or $40.

Whoa!

That is a bargain at twice the price.

It's not too much.

And it'll be a lot of fun and it's in September.

And then I've got the Birthday Boys show coming on in October on IFC.

And I guess if you like that little Breaking Bad thing, you can watch that.

That's coming back soon too.

What day is that coming back?

It's the 11th.

Ugh.

And do you die in the show this year?

Can you give us a exclusive on that?

You know what?

I can't remember.

Oh, you filmed it already, but you can't remember.

I don't remember.

Yeah, I can imagine how something like that would slip your mind.

Am I Tony Soprano?

What's my character's name again?

I think so.

And of course, the book is Hollywood Said No.

Oh, Hollywood Said No.

It comes out in September along with the tour on the 10th.

Fantastic.

Okay, so Byron, anything you want to plug?

I know that we can't exactly...

Not really, not exactly.

I mean, just to let people know that 18 years from now, I will serve at the right hand of the sorcerer king of England with his mother, Kate Middle ton, who I will have taken by then as my wife.

Excellent.

Okay, well, good.

Do you want us to edit that out or are we good?

Oh, yes, no, please.

Yes, edit it out.

Edit it out.

Yes, so no plugs.

No plugs.

Don't use that.

Wait a minute.

I feel like our edit button broke the other day.

Cody, did our edit...

Oh, we'll fix it.

Don't worry.

By the time this comes out, don't worry.

There's one button that does all the editing?

Yeah, you just press this button.

It just says edit.

It knows what to take out.

You describe it and then it hears you and then yeah.

Anyway, we'll work on it.

It's like GPS.

Don't worry, we'll work on it.

I don't know.

Okay, so that'll be it.

All right, so let's close up the old plug bag.

What do you say?

Closing up the plug bag.

Yeah.

Bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo.

Closing up the plug bag.

Closing up, closing up, closing up, closing up, closing up.

Brow.

Hi, we're back.

Bob, you were pointing at something.

What is donors?

People donate to the studio.

To keep the show on the air.

To keep the show on the air, yeah.

Because it's a free show.

Oh, that's really cool of you, Nathan.

Thank you to Nathan.

Yes.

Very nice.

Nice guy.

Guys, that's it for the show.

Wonderful.

I hope that you've learned a few things about our esteemed royal family.

I feel like I did and I really, personally, I'm voting for Garfield.

I hope that, I know that we don't vote, but I'm rooting for it.

Yeah, dividing my choice, boy or girl, I like Beetle Bailey .

Really?

Even for a girl.

Well, I'll take that under consideration when I am renaming the child in Australia.

What do you think you're going to rename it?

Raaaarrr.

Oh, it's just a guttural noise.

That's the name we have chosen.

Oh my goodness.

I have.

Alright, well Bob, thank you so much for being here.

You're welcome, thanks for having me.

Good luck on everything.

Byron, thank you so much and we will see you on Thursday.

Thanks so much.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.
