---
layout: page
title: 234. Bill Hader, Seth Morris [20447⧸21120].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

He's never been on the show before. Saturday Night Live superstar Bill Hader is here with us. We are going to get into it.

He is going to tell us every little detail of being on Saturday Night Live, all eight seasons. Put on a pot of coffee, we're gonna be here a while. All of that and more all on today's ♫♫♫ We the jury find the defendant President Cabbage guilty of all charges of treason. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Ooh, nice catchphrase. Thank you so much to Alfredo Solis Fuentes for that. Alfredo, thanks for that submission and Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Actually, this is a special bonus Coming out on a Thursday and we rallied the troops We had to rally the troops to come out on Thursday because we got a very special film We'll be talking about that opens tomorrow. Anyway, we'll do that in just a second. First of all the Comedy Bang Bang weather report it is Not as hot as it was yesterday So I hope that helps out for whenever you may be listening to this in whatever city you happen to be in All right, yeah that takes care of our business by the way, I'm your host Scott Aukerman Hello, and we have a very special guest on the show has not been on the podcast before has been on the TV show Is going to be on episode 209 which I believe is the Friday after Labor Day and he's in a very funny episode which I have just watched and we just kind of It's actually in mixing right now So yeah, that's right And you may not be used to mixing because you're you come from live television where it's mixed on the fly and we'll get to that We'll get it into the mixing the sound mixing a Lot, but you know him from Saturday Night Live where he spent eight seasons on the show Cloudy with the chance of meatballs and cloudy with a chance of meatballs too as far as I'm concerned. Yeah, and he is in a Motion picture you you made these pictures move. Yeah. Yeah , we're the first ones and I'm really interested in seeing this scene where the train comes to really get it out And You're in a motion picture called the to-do list. Yes Opening tomorrow if you are listening to this on Thursday, if you're listening to this on Friday, it's open go out there Yeah, anytime in the future catch into the in the theaters or on video?

Yeah called the to-do list and I say it was called the to- do list to-do list Yeah, you say to do that to-do list It's not to do the to-do list now maybe to do the to-do list Actually, that's what it says in the trailer. It's like she 's got to-do list Like you went back in and yeah, yeah, she's got it to do list, please welcome bill hater to the show. Hello bill.

Hello How are you all the ships at sea? Hello everyone?

listening How are watching or watching could be some of some people watching us could be secret cameras here as far as you know Oh, I hope so. Yeah Hello, William is your is bill short for William? Yes, it is. I found that out. I found that recently. All right, we 'll be back. Bye Wait, you found that no, no, no, no, no, no being a comedian. Are you having a laugh? Oh But no, yeah, it is William Hater short for anything hater burg. Mmm. You're one of those. Yeah Bill welcome to the show. It's I feel like I just saw you cuz we We filmed the show. Not that yeah, not that long ago like about a month and a half ago. Yeah, wasn't that long ago you adjust Had you moved here at the time or you were now thing?

We were we were looking at houses and I was still in SNL. I still had three episodes left to do. Oh, that's right That's right. That's right. We filmed in May. Yeah, and you still had and you you did the Kristen Wiig episode second to last as I recall you had the who's that guy who did Argo Oh Ben Affleck Yeah that guy No, yeah Ben Affleck was on he was on the last show and then what was the third to last one Zach Galvanakis Oh that guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, so we did Zach Kristen and then Ben Affleck and then Kanye West Kanye, oh, that's right. Yeah, Kanye's sort of considered to have his His own show, you know, yeah, he had his own show going on, but he was really nice He was actually my very first episode. He was the musical guest So don't say and I told him that and he went full circle, man And we put our foreheads together I'm not joking He grabbed my head and he put his forehead to my forehead and said full circle and I was like, oh All right, man, but he was incredibly nice. Yeah, I bet no I hear he's nothing but nice I remember the Improv training he took with Matt Besser. I would hear story. I I heard about it. I don't what were specific things Are you allowed to say I don't want to tell stories of Matt 's I would say but I just he had he had fun stories Not that not that they were he was bizarre just he was fun teaching Kanye West I forgot as I almost called him improv West Improv West But I just hear it was fun teaching him improv and then that show was an interesting experience I heard it was it was screened the other day in New York really not around New York. I'm not around New York Hey, yeah, it's so strange. Come on coming back here I lived here for six years and then got SNL moved out and now we're back and Maggie and I my wife You're what my wife Give it a little more gusto my wife You know what? I'm talking about though the Borat. No, I'm not gonna do you're not gonna what no That should be one of your impressions. Oh, I don't do impressions of other comedians. What he's not a comedian He's like a journalist from Kazakhstan. Oh man dad How did you're looking at houses go did you end up ever going inside one? No, we just kind of drove by Mmm, we just said Los Los Villas and then went no No But no, uh, you live here. Yeah, now we live here and it's like we never left It's actually I take that back get being in cars now. We do feel like I've been Woken up from a coma or something because I don't I don't own the car since 2004 That's a long span it. No, I honestly was like Can I play my iPod in here?

Right I go is there a way I can drive and I see people do that thing where they're driving But they can talk like they have speakerphone in the car Bluetooth. Yeah, and the guy was like, oh You are an idiot like geez get this guy get this caveman off the law It sounds more like you're a rich guy who is like dabbling in. Oh, yeah this toy with a car What is this thing that you brought to me?

one of these four-wheeled Wagons, oh, I guess how do you help me out? So you have a station wagon is that yeah, we got the station So now you're here. You've been in New York. We knew each other briefly before. Yeah, SNL And you've been away this whole time. We haven't seen each other all that much and now we're hanging out on the regs There's an every weekend We're weekend bros. Yeah, we're weekend bros. I would say Constantly rubbing foreheads constantly. That's your head together. That is my thing I thought it was Kanye West thing, but it's actually kind of my thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah So you I mean you have a ton of stuff going on But but obviously something very near and dear to your heart is this movie the to do list. Yes And one of the one of the reasons I would imagine other than it just being a good film is the fact that your wife Yeah Directed it. Yeah, Maggie Carey. My wife wrote and directed the movie and it's people are saying it's it's not geographical but it's it's based on things that happen with her and her friends growing up and they decided to You know, she exaggerated it for the sake of this movie.

Now. This is a sexy sexy movie from what I yeah It's pretty raunchy got a sexy premise. Yeah. Yeah, it's a girl It's set in 1993 in Aubrey Plaza from Parks and Rec Yeah Recreation, sorry, I think it denigrates it to yeah, you know what I mean?

Parks and Recreation you You wouldn't want anyone calling your movie the to list well the TDL as they go for it but but they so she's this girl who's kind of like a type a valedictorian type who then decides that she's going to You know, she's she has done nothing sexual she can barely barely knows how to kiss a guy and So before she goes to college, she decides well, I gotta you know, get some experience So she's gonna lose her virginity, but she treats it like an AP course So she makes this list of you know how to go about it or go about it or just certain list of like of things She has to do. Mm-hmm All of them are really raunchy, you know What I suggest jobs Lots of jobs that she has to do, you know and sex should be fun and that's what I want to talk about You know, why turn it into a job? Yeah, you know, how do I got to check in for this job?

In yeah now it's it's funny because People is assumed because it's Aubrey Plaza is the lead of it that it's just like, you know But it's like a romantic comedy and when you look it up on Wikipedia, it says romantic. It's not a romantic comedy at all It's a sex comedy. It's porkies or Yeah, exactly It's a porno basically It's like Yeah, it's more of a comedy comedy. It's a it's not about a girl finding love in high school. It's a com com Not a com com. It's a com com com com com com com Come on, some come come But no, she she is it a come com. It's a come com actually be but more apt Yeah, she she she has a Yeah, it's about a girl trying to get laid. It's not about a girl now Would you suggest would you suggest when people watch this movie?

They imagine your wife doing all the stuff. No, most people will be and I can't I can't stop that That's just gonna happen You think people should look up pictures of your wife on the internet like do a Google search and sort of replace Aubrey's head with her. No, I really I hope not. Jeez. I don't actually thought about that And I might happen now actually after after premiere the other night Andy Samberg came over to me and said I now have a really good idea what your guys is Witnessing a piece of art. Yes. Thanks, buddy. It was more awkward for Aubrey because Aubrey was sitting behind us with her dad. Oh How did her dad enjoy the film? He was like, oh, all right No, no, he thought it was great. But he was like, yeah, I think that was a little hard to watch That's what they that's what you don't think about getting into the acting trade of just like how Eventually, you're gonna have to do something like that Yeah, and like my you know, mother-in-law Maggie's mother was sitting next to mag mag. So it was It was awkwardness all around So does does Maggie's mother know about any of this stuff that happened in now But it was but mom it may it it's really exaggerated but some of it is you know Some of it is but is her mom kind of easy breezy cover girl . Yeah, she's kind of like, oh, okay I mean, I think she was a little Embarrassed but the parents in the movie are you know?

Her dad is a judge who's pretty conservative the Clark Gregg character and my father-in-law is a judge He's pretty conservative another friend of the comedy bang bang TV show just watched his episode yesterday What that I watched an episode of my own show yeah Gosh, we get it you have eyes Thank you got access. I got a wait all access, baby. Yeah What do you play in the film? I play Willie. I'm a guy who 's upset. Yep Going a commercial No, it was Willie and he's like the the guy who Aubrey Plaza and Donald Glover and Scott Porter's characters I'll work at this pool and I'm like the The guy who runs the pool who also lives at the pool lives at the pool. Yeah. Yeah, I'm homeless Oh, okay. Yeah interesting and yet you still collect a paycheck because you have a job kind of so you're not good with your money Not good with my money. I don't really know what he blows the money on but he's yeah He's not can't get the deposit down for an apartment. No, no, no, not at all I don't think I'm gonna take a while guess as credit isn't that good? Okay. Yeah low credits Maybe something in the 500s 400 somewhere on there something like that. Yeah Did you do a lot of research when you know roll? No, no, not at all I don't know what anything is. Have you ever done research for any role? No Nothing. No, I show up. I hit my mark and I gauge the truth for super bad Did you figure out how to hold a gun? We actually did have to go to a Shooting range shooting range. Yeah, and actually Seth R ogen and I did go with a cop and he took us to South Central Los Angeles Just to mess with us Just to be like even though the movie there's no reason for us to go to South writing He just was like these dumb actors. I'm gonna take them to South Central and just see anything It was die He pulled up in front of this this Like house and there was all these dudes in front of the house and the cop rolled down the window and he's like hey fellas Where's the love and?

Seth and I were like, we're gonna get murdered. Thanks. We 're gonna get killed. Where's the love? He goes?

Where's the love when I was like, we're dead. Is that a cop thing? Where's the love? I don't know It was just he was it was trying to piss him off. So it was terrible. You got to put that into something I it we it was in the movie. I think I said really I think I said it in super bad I said where's the love? Oh nice. Yeah So, I mean that research helped you. Yeah, I guess it did the research being homeless and having bad credit Did not help but Maggie. I don't know. She just was like I'm gonna put you in the role of the guy who's a deadbeat We'll could play a really good lazy guy how long have you guys known each other?

I feel like you guys have been going out for For the you know what the entire time you're honest. Yeah, we were engaged We got engaged two months before I found out I got us an L.

Oh, yeah, we were dating for like a year or so Before that so great. So yeah, we've been together like nine years Did you get married in one of the SNL sketches? We tried to get this is 2005 So we're trying to get married in a Carol sketch, but Hor atio was not into it Ray show would not let us get married. I was a new guy. So Raj was not yeah, he's not into it Come on, I'll be funny and Lorne was into it to be funny and binding. Come on. I'll be binding right?

It's like Tiny Tim on Carson and he went nothing like Tiny Tim So, how long does this movie run like I would guess somewhere between 10 minutes and five hours That's pretty much that you nailed it. Yeah somewhere there . I don't understand time that well Most internet clips are too long. Yeah Most clips are bathroom clips bathroom breaks six hours, aren't they? Yeah these days most of them are yeah It's doesn't make any so I don't like it's short. Those are getting longer and longer It's shorter. It's shorter than a commercial. Okay, great.

So There's like there's like 200 screenings a day and one thing is good Oh, that's right. And to keep up with movie news, by the way, just follow me on Twitter I will let you know of screenings in your area. Oh That's kind of a little surface I do as I find out where all my followers live and then I let them know of the movie screenings in there To any movie. Yeah, it is the crazy thing about this movie though, and I'm serious If people go see it is that it was it did cost one million dollars Which is not a lot of money and no no one believes that when they see the movie because it looks amazing I mean, it looks more than a million dollars. She did a good job That was the thing last night when I watched it I was like geez you really did a great job for the amount of money you had and it's also 93 It's all set in 1993. So it's a period piece. Yeah, which is like all the cars everything. Yeah, that's expensive You have to get 1993 cars are so expensive these days. They are they are getting those for crazy Ones that look new. Yeah. Yeah getting those to make look, you know, I mean look this is you know Grunge was still in full swing. Yeah, Kurt Cobain still alive You know Stone Temple pilots just maybe starting to break people have to realize this kind of stuff when they watch the movie Yeah, right Steven Spielberg Would release Jurassic Park and Schindler's List in the same year. So this is happening This is all happening right then are a lot of the scenes about people talking about. Oh, wow. I really loved Jurassic Park I can't wait for Schindler's List when it comes out. Yeah.

Yeah, and it's like and I'm hearing of this movie Forrest G ump That's coming out next year. It's a lot of that Referential kind of things Yeah, she But it is funny that Aubrey Plaza's character everything in her Room Maggie pretty much went and bought like online like sw atch phones. It's a stuff that she used to have in her Yeah, yeah so she just went and she wanted really specific like the seat the see-through swatch phones right things like that and And then also, you know, I'm naive where I'm like, oh great You're gonna have one of these movies you get to have a kick-ass soundtrack and the soundtracks great But it was amazing where it's like, you know Pearl Jam said no Nirvana said you don't I mean you go Oh, yeah, all that stuff cost a ton of money. Yeah, you know that you just don't have so who'd you get sponge?

Yeah, we got paw and sponge No big head Todd That was good stuff. Yeah, they got pavement. Oh, yeah, okay and Speaking of commercials. We were just talking about them I just saw you have a new series of commercials that just like start airing like two days ago Yeah, t-mobile spots. Yeah. Yeah, but that was nice. Yeah.

Yeah, they're very nice to See your phone right there. Yeah nice t-mobile phone. Yep, my Galaxy my Samsung Galaxy that I brought in here. Yeah, it looks good. I Consider getting one of those you should You should get a galaxy To do list. Let's take a new list. Let's take a break bill What do you say cuz I have so much more to talk to you about your process. It's oh my process It's not often that I get a guest of your caliber in the chair here a lot of assholes run through here and But you're a comedy superstar who eight years on SNL. I want to know all the stories You probably weren't interviewed that much for the life from New York book, right?

Cuz you would Joe so I want to hear everything that you would have talked about in that book We're gonna get into it But let's take a break first when we come back every SNL story that bill hater knows. We'll be right back with comedy bang bang Comedy bang bang we are back with bill hater cloudy with a chance of meatballs to come it out. Yeah soon in September Yeah, I was a big fan of the first one. Oh, thank you watch it over and over I was writing a similar or not a similar film But a film with some of the same themes and same tone and so I watched it over and over Well, I guess that movie can't come out now, huh? Yep, too bad for you for you Scott for me for you All right, we're gonna talk to bill now. We're gonna break down SNL season by season Okay, so you are a young bill hater. You're a young comedian. I know you studied at Second City here in LA and You get the call and you you have your meeting with Lauren.

I imagine that first meeting wouldn't must have just been I mean You're a young guy. Yeah, it's terrifying. Yeah, tell me everything every detail every detail. Yeah, leave nothing out if you can I went in and they tell you yeah, you're gonna wait for a long time and Yeah, we're recording no, we're recording an episode sir, did you hear me knocking Scott's father. My name is Bob Duke. No, you're not squeeze . Oh, you're not my father This is I was his father and in my heart. I will always be his father. How are you buddy?

Sorry bill. This is my Ex-stepfather got time for a quick game of catch. I don't know. I'm in the middle of I haven't seen you in so long I know I've been out. Well, I got a job. Oh you did. Yes. I was testing coma drugs Is that okay were you in a coma and they were trying to wake you up as an induced coma yeah, they're working out some kinks in this drug called propofil and For the last nine and a half months. I've been two miles underneath the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory 60 minutes did a big thing about propofil. Am I right? Yeah , I don't I don't have television Oh, well, I have I'm not able to see television. Well, you were in that coma. Oh, yeah You were in that coma so you missed the 60 minutes thing saying you should not take. Yeah, what'd they say that?

It's really highly really like toxic. It's like not a thing that Still I still have a doozy of a headache Sorry about this bill bill, I'm sorry to you. I just I just happened to be in the neighborhood I don't don't mean to bother you. That's okay But bill I we were just in the middle of some you were waiting room when I came in. Oh, he was oh you saw me Yeah, I thought you just worked here. I don't know. No, he Bob here is my ex-stepfather-in-law He was married to my mother for three years glorious months six months. That's right. It seemed like three years When I lived in your house for three years your mother and I were only married for six months. That's right This is when I was in my 30s, by the way, so he I don't know why he acts like my dad But um, you haven't been here in a long time. I haven't seen you in nigh on maybe a year or so Yeah, and so you've been in this coma. I'm doing no not the whole time. No, I've been doing some soul-searching You know, I'm continuing my inner work. But listen, I'm not here to take up your time I just needed a place to change my bandage and if that's okay, I just it's very windy today and If I get any more debris and some of these wounds, I am a g oner. Oh Because that the coma coma drug testing left me with a very with the immune system of a mouse I'm so sorry to hear that. Okay. Well, we need to change that bandage then but Why not do it in the waiting room while you were waiting to come in here if you pass bill There's some people there that I don't know. Oh, you feel more comfortable doing in front of a superstar like the h ater I don't know. Are you a super?

Really a supporting. I'm not really on that. Let me do you have I'm working to get on that list. I am You know, that's funny that you mentioned that and I will I want to get out of here But I wonder if I could take this opportunity Scott I've been doing some writing classes Do you have another list is that what I have I have a few short lists if well Bob usually comes on here and reads lists of Oh Sometimes it was a the first time I think you read a list of the ailments that you Effort to reclaim these things and take their power away.

Oh And and and I found these lists very therapeutic. I'm Bill.

I'm I'm in a Mmm, I've been an ongoing search of self that has led me to numerous programs numerous groups numerous workshops and one of the workshops I'm in right now is a Intergrowth writing workshop and I'd love to share one a couple of the assignments if I may sure of quite lovely here I'm and I'll just change my bandage and I will be out of your Hair, okay. No problem. It's great to see you Bob. It's great to see you I've I I feel weird saying this but I missed you. Oh That's no Scott. Do you want to oh?

Scott you don't know how good that makes me feel to hear that Oh, well, I mean, I I feel like I should tell people that more and how is your mother?

Let's not bring her into this. She doesn't want how is your mother's God? I want to know I can tell you bill She's she's I'm guessing she's still as beautiful as ever.

She's remarried. Oh your mother remarried. Yeah, she's moved on from from Bob But Bob that's nice that shouldn't concern you obviously the legal injunction still stands and you should not be contacting her So, you know what here let me just uh, I'll just share this assignment The assignment was write down some memories of summer from your youth and As you know, it's passed around from foster home to foster home So I have a lot of just a palette of very different memories. Nice this guy things to remember the following Are some tastes and smells of my youth Sun tea Fresh cut grass She Jasmine Snicker doodles, I totally get it now frog water Fireflies Homeschool erasers suntan oil chlorine bromide Formaldehyde Heirloom ice cubes Waterlog tree fort, where did you grow up?

In several different communities throughout throughout the greater Central Valley of California This is the smell of a water this is a smell of it. You're smelling the taste where you left out and a waterlog. I was you know, I was uh, I was I had a sort of a What is that stand by me sort of existence were you that you're looking for you I hit under a dead body for a summer Butterscotch discs Do ripened lawn mushroom?

Butterscotch discs breakfast salad Garbage can plums. Are you having a stroke homemade tooth paste candy? I'm just reading with passion bill older cousin farts grandfather breath Okay, allergy helmet. The wound is oozing security guard diaper. Yeah. Now you're just saying words You're just saying words, huh?

hobo jungle hobo jungle mulligan stew Babysitter chamber pot. Well, this is a band in library.

Are these your final words that we're witnessing?

Can I start over Continue from where you well, that's it. That's it. Oh, that was it really did I say artisan breast milk?

No, you did not artists in breast milk. Oh Boy, wow, that's and you know, I'm just using as a literary experiment and a sense memory experiment You know the the flood of memories if I could still cry I would there would not be yeah What happened to your what happened your ducts? I sold them When I was in junior college Gee, do you know there's a lot of people in this country who don't have tear ducts and you can make a pretty bit you Can make upwards of $13 a duct so you mean back in my day?

Which is when was your day? I went to junior college in the late 1970s. Yeah Yes, you could get you could get in college towns in my day you could get a sleeping bag size burrito For three dollars Wow, so you could have gotten four of those You'd sell your tear ducts for a I did. Oh I did you did I buried him. That's good Wow, I that sounds like you had a rough go of your childhood. Oh, these are happy memories. Oh, these are the happy ones sure What happened with me babysitter chamber pot? Oh, well I had you know, I had an elderly babysitter Who which home was this in? Oh Boy, who was this? This was uh, This was uncle grandpa was the only man that's how I knew him He was a foster parent called uncle grandpa uncle grandpa, but he was meant to be your father But he well, he didn't have a tongue and was not from this country So it was hard to understand him, but you know, we bonded over whittling Yeah, that's pretty that's pretty much it that was the only bonding just whittling you would watch him whittle or you would whittle with him I well I'd whittle with him. Yeah. Yeah, and this is would I take it? No. Oh Hmm what what pray tell were you whittling aluminum crut ches?

Okay Butterscotch discs, I don't know where there's butterscotch discs. You don't know them. No, I don't I've never heard that round Like where there's just regular butterscotch candies. Yeah, but they're officially called discs I've heard of the originals where there's original don't have ever got frisbees That's an ultimate frisbee joke. That's a pretty funny one too. That's good. Yeah, you should be a joke writer You should try to make money doing come do. Oh, really?

Yeah, Bill is a professional at it I have people at SNL and you heard of Saturday Night Live or I haven't but I was diagnosed as not having a sense of humor So it's interesting to hear you. No, no. No, I think that that that might help I mean Bill you used to read the jokes on weekend update Wait, you were not. No, I wasn't I'm mixing you up with the other dude. Yes, dude who no no, no Kevin Nealon. No, not him Lou Grant, are those the only two you do? Yeah, Dennis Miller Wait say I am out of here I am out of here No, not Dennis Miller. Did I hear you say you live in this in a in a you live in a rec center I Didn't I in a movie about a movie in a movie that I oh, I mean my character lives in a rec center But you you you've had experience living in a rec center or well, no, I was gonna ask how you how you swing one of those Oh, yeah, I didn't do any research. Yeah, that's if I had done research I could help you out Oh, you used to live with Dennis, right? Was it? Yeah in the in Where was that? Who's in a shed and kasti? Yeah. That's nice and Dennis hadn't moved Yeah, funny story Dennis turned out he was dead. Oh, see that's what we all assumed That's fine cuz he hadn't moved for several. I was skeptical for for quite a while and I thought he was what rude What made you decide that you wouldn't you figure out he was dead? What was the clincher?

Well, let me tell you something. I I was coming home and I saw a raccoon with what I thought was a clacker Yeah, are you familiar with marbles? Mm-hmm. I Don't be gosh-darned if it wasn't Dennis's eyeball and that was the tipping point for me because I thought This is a quiet brooding man who likes to stay well rested, but no He was dead and a live man normally doesn't let a raccoon steal his eye even the kindest one. Yeah Yeah, the kindest man in the world would not allow a little raccoon to steal his eyeball. Oh, that sounds like a Poem it does the kindest man in the world that actually just matched quick. Oh, sorry letter little Rick I don't remember. Okay. Sorry. Did I disrupt your train of thought? It's okay I would love to hear a poem called the kindest man in the world Like what you that's a good idea when you think the kindest man in the world would be like that kindest man Th e yeah, that's you're still on the first word Just kindest man just M and a And a neck desk, why do I have the kind of desk because you spelled it wrong? Yeah. Oh shoot man In Flink so much Bob, is that a new aspect to your character?

He's got a cold Well, that's the least of your problems, oh, yeah. Yeah speaking of which I'm sorry. I've interrupted enough Do you mind if I just change this bandage?

I've been watching it the whole time. It's smelly. It's f estering. I really thank you. It'll just be one What is the bandage on? Hmm? What it where is the bandage?

It's just well, it starts in my midsection and yeah That's a long. Yeah, I thought it was just on your arm, but I'm realizing that's just yeah one big bandage I happen to you. Oh Same old same old fell asleep Hmm what's this now? I fell asleep in a pickle barrel and some tufts push it down a hill Tufts. Yeah, some young tufts found a pickle barrel. Where are these pickle barrels by the way the pickle factory?

Oh, okay. So you're at the pickle factory Yeah, just kind of and they have barrels of pickles out there on the outside. Well, these were empty barrels. Oh, okay They discard a needed a place to crash just it Yeah, just to chill out for a second and you thought the one at the top of the hill was the safest Yeah had the best view The ones at the top of the hill normally do yeah, and that 's a letter to all of us Especially if you're buying property Yeah You know like house on the top of the hill can always come crashing down when I believe that's a Virginia Okay, God pickle barrel with a view. I believe so or is that Somerset man?

Hold on. All right, you guys please change. Yes, please do Anyway, um Smell on What is that what was that sorry, I just have to well it's not just I have to Lance it too. Oh well, yeah, ah Wow God that is strangest. Oh my how many how many bubbling wounds?

Do you have there's a couple layers of boils hold on. Yeah.

Alrighty. Ooh, here's the fun part Is that the pus Excuse me. Um, okay halfway there. Hold on what there's more Just a second. Hold on easy does it? Oh, it's even more God is it okay to put my foot up here?

No, no Stop Hold on a second stop easy. Oh you can do it Bob. No Bob you can't Bob stop doing you can but please don't yes, sorry What are you setting fire to what Okay, did you have to set fire to it to close off the I'm glad we're rounding third on this process. I hope we are Getting a bandage out man. I am it is I'm getting light headed Should the medical provision a medical professional do this for you? Well, yeah, you know what if Roads were paid with should You know, I'd be there already. Uh-huh if roads were paved with should yeah. Yeah instead of wood instead of wood like Roads are That's right You're paying for now, hold on this will take You should you should be dead, huh, you should probably be dead, you know, it's funny you say that yeah Why why I butch because I think it a lot. Yeah, I don't know how I think that's one of your biggest Accomplishments is just a lot of just putting one foot in front of the other jet. Well, yep, if you can Yeah, if my equilibrium is not off I try that very often a lot of times It's one foot here and then because of an ear imbalance. I have a Stumble to the sides. Yeah Take you to get anywhere. Hmm That's right your catchphrase, right?

Anywhere I Mean, you know, I usually just when I when you consider traffic and and the the you know physical disabilities that I have and the yeah you know the the lack of Life force it often takes, you know, it takes a little while. Yeah. Okay. So is that bandage?

We all I got it off. I got it off. I'll just let it air There's not Was putting another one back on. Oh, that's no this phase one. I just need to let this phase Tell you what, why don't we what is the okay? Oh wait a hold on what is done?

Do you put something in the microwave no, no, no no no when you know, it's done you said a timer no that's inside Medical additions You should really really be dead tell you what Bob why don 't we take a break?

Maybe you can finish phase two and three and four five Okay Yeah, let's take a break with bill I want to come back I want to hear every detail of Remember anything anymore. Yeah, my mind has just been wiped clean. Let's come right back We'll have more bill hater more Bob Duke after this. We'll be right back with comedy bang bang Comedy bang bang we're back here with bill hater of late of SNL. Yeah, and now what is that again?

Oh boy, it's Saturday Night Live. It's a television show on NBC. It's been around for about almost 40 years 50 years 40 Wow, you know 20 years. You know, look you look great.

Oh, thank you No, I've only been in it for the past that I was on it for eight years What if people had to be on SNL for the entire time?

I'd be like wouldn't that be crazy if like it was still Chevy Chase still Yeah, acroid and everyone wouldn't that be me if the past 40 years of it were just I mean they came back and did the Justin Timberlake show so that was pretty crazy having them around but if you were weak that way Yeah, it would be amazing like, you know other shows like the friends, you know, they have to be it has to be the same Yeah, you don't turn over friends after 10 years into new guy playing right? What if cars could talk?

That would be yeah, that's that's a film already cars cars Yeah, they talk and they move and they new idea. What'd you think of that cars movie bill liked it? All right What do you think of?

planes Yeah, yeah, I know what you mean. It's not cars, you know cars It's like yeah some planes some planes have wheels most.

Yeah, in fact unless they're going up in the air thing Yeah, which planes didn't go up in the air that I like them Wouldn't that be great if planes just drove around on the airways or if there were special freeways just for planes?

Yeah, I would I would buy a couple It they're called the sky That what's called this guy the freeways for planes. Yeah, but they're not on the ground You know, that's the unsafe part about being in a plane. I yeah, you know planes were just zooming around on A file that something went wrong. You just hop out and walk away. It's great when it goes wrong in there. Yeah, you just screwed Yeah, I'm just waiting for when it but you know when it's ultimate safety when they download us all into the matrix Oh, that's true. Yeah, you're looking for dangerous world.

Yeah, absolutely Because then you would have your ideal body. What is your ideal body Bob? Oh Big arms short torso Short torso. Why?

Just more compact. Okay, like who's your who can you compare it to is your ideal person when you look at them?

You go I want that body hmm Physically mm-hmm Like the torso maybe of Danny DeVito No, I would say current day Dan Aykroyd. Uh-huh Dr. Detroit himself. Okay, dr. Detroit. Okay the legs The lake ooh the legs of a centaur The furry you mean or just equine equine great the the the strong chin of Well, just a strong chin. I can't think of anybody you can 't think of a single person with a strong chin Matthew Weiner or what? No, I think who's that? Who's the whiner guy Anthony Anthony?

Okay, so it's Matthew Weiner's the madman guy. Yeah, Weiner is the congressman who did all the sex is Nicknames Carlos danger Carlos danger. That's right. Oh, you know, actually that's it. That's a great segue Oh into my next list. Oh boy, you know another writing assignment We had is we're encouraged to identify with different heroes, you know to make made-up literary names and if we were a hero what would your hero name be and you know in an effort to reclaim my Non-existent masculinity. I've been immersing myself in did you sell that too or did you sell that's right your catch phrase?

Yeah I Did not sell it no, no, it was it was you know, no down by life Oh, did your ex-stepfather whittle it down? Was that some of the things he was whittling? No, I don't happen Oh, I see what you you rascal. I am a little bit of a rest No, but this is a kambillion literary class that I'm taking and we're encouraged to Create heroes and and identify with them and so a lot of mine not not not all but many of these are hard-boiled cops like Type yeah bounty hunters. Mmm You know pawn shop worker too tough tough people tough people Yeah, so this may be akin to the toughs who pushed you down the barrel. Yes. Yes You would rather be them than you Well, oh sure. Oh app if I if I had the strength to push over a pickle barrel Oh Scott, especially one with a young guy in it. Absolutely . Yeah, and I was wet at the time So I was extra heavy were you it was the barrel standing straight up or was it on its side?

It was straight up. I'd cut a little couple eye holes You cut eye holes in the barrel. You're just gonna hang for a little bit I just wanted to see I didn't want to waste that view and right now I get it Yeah, you could just peek your head up. I get it. I would have seen me Yeah, they did see you and they pushed you down. It is heard me. Oh sniffling. Oh That's when the sniffle started. Yeah, I'm so sorry. I had a nerve-induced cold May I read this? Yeah be my guest the following list are heroes that I am in my Imaginarium Atticus King private detective Remington Thunderknife Omaha nightblade Langston Devereaux Hank Marlboro Channing merchandise Dave Navarro brick pudding Sinjuku, Mama, Jelloco Driscoll Mayweather Devon motorcycle punch gigabyte Dashville permanente Rodrigo blood harvest Chaz steady fist victorious lash Larchmont van dyke Paul works well with others Maddox good try Michelle potential Norse Reagan Logan helpful hug nice man detective Frank shark Havercamp shatter dome Dietrich ob-gyn Darius Rucker Emile de cherry, I think that's a real guy Victor winning Delores price Lance Scorprel Scott bukkake Steven truth church Beto breach Frank Ocean Marguerite CrossFit Dominic Assange several ladies Nova Prime Omar thorough good Magnus crotchy the third that's real person Gabe Hallibur ton Clutch Blackwater The honorable teddy scar he's doing this all by memory to his eyes are closed Beaumont hard drive Arlo crime justice Hamill loose cannon and righteous Sebastian Oh You know that was very fun to tap into that kind of oh I can imagine that swagger I know hug nice man hug nice men chanting the merchandise But hug nice man doesn't seem like it fits in there, you know Well when you got a group you need somebody to make sure everybody gets along Somebody who plays by their own rules They're gonna make sure people have some road games and juice boxes to keep them settled down or else Well, thank you for that list Bob that's that's incredible thank you. Oh, yeah, and this goes on the radio No, we I've explained this to you so many times. It's a podcast and you actually had one of your own Affirmation nation All right guys it's time to play one of our favorite features on the show it is time to play a little something called would you rather Oh Right, it's time to play would you rather we all know how this is played people send me would you rather scenarios to my Twitter Account which is at CBB?

Wyr aka comedy bing bong would you rather don't send them to my personal Twitter?

Please you guys have been very good about that Thank you so much because as you know, they get put on to the would you rather pile, which is a pile of Unused would you rather scenarios not akin to a woodpile?

Aka a pile of would you rather scenarios that you would use like a woodpile would it's actually a discard pile So, please don't send them to me personally And I'll read it out loud I will then open the floor for questions You could are free to ask any question you like about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice at a certain Put yes, Bob. The floor is not open for questions, by the way, and I have not read a scenario, but you have a question Yeah, how do you play? I'm Yeah So at a certain point there will be no warning. I will shut down the floor for questions. Okay, we will then vote I'll tally up the points assign a winner. Here we go. This comes to us from Nikki's shoes aka afterbirth underscore for underscore you After birth for you with a name like Nikki shoes. She definitely needs that nickname Nikki he or she asks would you rather have to melt habanero cheese on your genitals before work every morning Or have to sit on a butt plug to turn on and off every light Alright, would you rather melt habanero cheese on your genitals before work every morning or have to sit on a butt plug to turn on?

And off every light I'm opening the floor for I was nodding really hard. That's something that you I've thought a lot about. Yeah My question is why couldn't you just keep the butt plug in Because in order to turn it off you'd have to take it take it out. Couldn't you just sit down hard?

Oh Don't believe so. No, unfortunately the process is to If you want to keep the light on you have to keep the butt plug in and to turn it off you then go And it and it comes out and then nighty-night Okay Do you have oh I Question I have no questions. You have no questions. That's that's Habanero is your other is it Velveeta? I have no questions No questions at all. But how are you gonna vote correctly?

I don't know. I'm I'm just gonna take a while. You're gonna take a while.

Okay, though. Oh my gosh, you're you I'm not good at games You're playing fast and loose here. Yeah, I'm not really very dangerously Yeah, I'm just terrible in Vegas if you vote incorrectly and you lose you your consciousness gets transported into that scenario You're yawning at these storied would you rather rules which we played for four years?

Either one of those scenarios, I'm ready Wow bill have you checked out here? No, no, I'm not sure you're constantly checking your t-mobile phone I know you're what do you call that? It's a Samsung Galaxy. Oh, that's right. Yes, you're constantly checking it. Say what this has such a great interface Yeah, and a time display, you know what? I'm so glad that I hawk this on what hug nice man We have some dissension in the ring. We do have a little dissension you and I need to patch this up Okay. All right. Are you gonna play nice? Yes, hopefully not. Okay, here we go. Bob. You have a question Yeah, are we playing every because you said you were gonna tell us how to play I told you I don't understand what's happening You've already asked a question and I've helped you with it . Okay Well, what did I ask you asked about the oh the but yeah, I 'm ready. I'm ready. Okay, you ready now? Okay, here we go Do you want me to say it? Oh, wait, no, you're not vote. Oh god. This is what it what am I?

I don't know what he's the worst. No, I'm ready to go. I just I'm waiting you ready to vote Yeah, that's what I said. You gave me shit for it the worst game ever. All right, give me all this shit for it Yeah, I'm gonna continue. All right. All right, I'm closing the floor. All right vote. Have you the fucking genitals?

Why Because I don't want to think up my ass That's it. That's it. You're homophobic. No, I'm not homophobic. I like being comfortable You think that Melting things up their ass are uncomfortable. I'm talking about myself personally Wait, am I talking about the whole human race? Did I miss something? Maybe you are do you speak for the whole human race? No Okay, so you want to be comfortable and yet melted cheese that's hot. Yeah, it's on your I could say that might have happened Once in my life eating pizza naked and that might have happened really eating pizza naked I could see that me if it was the right temperature. It could be quite comfortable. It could be comfortable It's like a could be soothing. Yeah, it's like a you know Meaning the right temperature we pizza or the right temperature of the room the habanero cheese habanero cheese Could be a nice thing could be like that, but it is not It's not it scalds you the very first time you put it on your penis is well, then I voted right Because you have not voted yet. Oh well in my head I did Plug you're voting for butt plug. Yeah, I don't do dairy and I need to read I Need lights. Yeah, but you have lights in the other scenario But I need a butt plug to turn them on and off. No, no you only in the butt plug scenario, which you chose man boy Shoot wow, you guys are Maybe the worst at would you rather that I've ever yeah You just take you're fine with it. Yeah. All right. All right Well, let's move on to our second question. This comes to us from Jamie Lynn aka Jamie Samantha Why the two names don't get it, but she asks Would you rather eat a bowl of spiders?

For lunch every day or sleep in a coffin next to a shirt less sweaty Matthew McConaughey every night bowl of spiders every day Shirtless sweaty Matthew McConaughey every night. I'm opening the floor for questions are the spiders made of cereal You want a spider shaped Cereal and it's so great that you asked that question because yes, they are not real spiders. They are cereal spiders Yes, congratulate that you asked the perfect question. Is it Matthew McConaughey the actor?

No, as a matter of fact, it's not it's Matthew McConaughey the real estate agent from Florida yeah, he's quite obese and They bought a smaller coffin for him So it's a it's a very tight squeeze. Yes So this seems like it could be a clear choice Would you rather eat cereal every morning or sleep with an obese man in a tiny car? No, I'm gonna I've learned a long time ago not to trust my instinct in these scenarios. I'm gonna do Matthew McConaughey I do Matthew McConaughey too. Well, I haven't even closed the floor. So I'm gonna have to dock you points But okay, so you're both doing Matthew McConaughey negative what?

You're a negative five million three hundred eight thousand six hundred and eighty three Well Scott, I don't want to influence you but you're tied.

So that's good. Your old dad could use a win Dad just for morale I'm on your side Bob. We're not playing against each other.

Are we you are? Yeah. Oh, yeah I don't know. I don't understand what the yeah rules are.

Well, I'm not into that man Let me tally up the points here. Okay, so you voted you both voted no But plug over here and cheese over here Yeah, so that'll be the difference because everything else was the same right you both got docked the exact same amount of points for voting Early, yeah, you both voted for Matthew McConaughey. Mm-hmm going against your instincts By the way, which and I'm going with Bob's instincts. You 've I'm starting to get this guy you both voted incorrectly I should say simpatico right here. So it comes down to the habanero cheese or the butt plug and Bob your tale of woe has touched me greatly the story about the pickle barrel Has really moved my heart What what do you mean did I win? Yes you want Sent soup super night super night. Look Saturday night live didn't watch you. Oh good This is how you actually is this the first time you've ever won something this Wow, you win something and then you just turn into a monster. I'm having might be having a propofil flashback Oh, no, are you slipping into a coma right now?

Let's play the theme before this is how you play. Would you rather? Oh my god Bob does the music soothe you This surgery Sergio Leone peyote music. Yes, it's nice find it very soothing. Okay. All right, let's take it down All right, that's how we play when I hear this music I picture a rattlesnake wrapping around a corpse and an old Clint Eastwood movie Guys great game why I have to admit that's one of the best rounds we've ever played Thanks guys Did I committed thrashing just now? I just I may have black ed out. This is not No, no, I meant in my in my haze and my oh, I thought you meant did you thrash him in the actual game?

I don't know what you mean This guy, I don't know. It's see you see what I had to deal with for now I was on his side and then he won and now he's trying to a real jerk I see the world through friendly lenses For the first time everybody in the world are a winner's lens. Yeah, and it is not pretty Yeah, the lens we usually see things. Yeah, we see things.

Well, we've grown accustomed to it. That's true Alright guys, there's only one thing left to do on the show and that's called plugs You have to wait till the end to find out what's happening You want to make some noise?

Support all the boys and girls Oh, say no to jokes My dog is a pug One day, two Thursdays, I'm listening to the pug Peace out!

All right, that is KRS plugs thanks to foamy and green for that foamy and green that's so nice of you guys if you have a plugs theme head on over to the earwolf board and put it on the screen And I'll see you guys in the next one. Bye I Alright that is KRS plugs. Thanks to foamy and green for that foamy and green that's so nice of you guys if you have a plugs theme head on over to the earwolf board and Put it on the comedy bing-bong message boards and you can be famous for a few days. This is a bonus episode So you're only famous until Monday when a new plugs theme Shall eclipse you but foamy and green Congratulations. Enjoy yourself for these few days and The plug bag is open. Let's talk about it bill. What do you have to plug? Well outside of the movie that I'm here for I mean, please plug them. This is what this is Movie you're so defensive now just because you played I'm so terrible at games and I got my head. I'm sorry. What game are you is there any game you're good at?

No, let's say the game of life but no you're I would say you're winning at the game of life Yeah, it is true on some propofil yeah, can I have sure please I don't think these very relaxing No, no, oh no, I have this now I know Say bill. Oh, no The sniffles you have the what now the sniffle. I hope you don't start doing Bob's catchphrase hmm All right, I did you list comes out Friday July 26th, if it's a big hit will you do the three do list?

Yes, we will do the 3d list I hope we afford you list So, yeah, go see that how many theaters are we in I think it's in 700 theaters good number. Yeah. So yeah, go see it. All right, and What else?

There doesn't have to be anything else come back next time I come back I will play the game right and be more That's okay. That's quite alright Bob. No That's a good yes a good sniffle there it's a good base II sniffle Bob do you have anything to plug? Well, it's good quiet summer. I I will just be I think that the next few nights. I'll be dumpster diving at the Yankee Candle and Glendale So if you're around come on by keep quiet though, because I 'm not allowed to be there But you know if you see something rustling around and it's not rats. It's probably old Bob looking for candles That sounds fun. I Unfortunately, what really just what you take one sniff man , this guy's got the right idea I want to plug this Friday comedy bing-bong the TV show we have Anna Kendrick on and Ben Schwartz and That is a very very funny show. That's a lot of people's favorite show and so check that out this Friday at 10 on IFC 9 central not as good as the bill hater show a lot of people But that's you know that's episode 8 this is episode 3 yeah , you know what I mean come on uh and No I plug my live dates, oh, I'll be at Bumbershoot by the way if I haven't Reggie, and I will be a Bumbershoot Showing an episode and doing a Q&A so come to Bumbershoot if you like and come see us not you Bob Oh your your eyes perked up when I said come on I have a lot of questions you have some questions for me mm -hmm Do you want to say them out loud, or do you want to just what could I have done better?

As it could have sat down Yeah, let's close the plug bag, and we'll try to answer this Wow Bob you You did everything fine You know I mean we just didn't get to know each other all that all that well because let's do that. Let's fix this Bill you in if I hang out with Bob a little bit fine back me up here bro No, no, I back him up. I actually Really like him. I think he's nice. He's a good guy I think you Bill you're drifting off your eyes are kind of rolling up into the back of your head a little bit I think I need to get this under my control now. Why'd you 're controlling him?

I've created a propofil zombie reliable dumpster diving that's right say bill find me friends I will go find you friends Let's go Standing merchandise this drug is just creating an army of Bob Ducas and are people to get people like me son Where have you been?

Bill son Mm-hmm an army of aggressive friendship All right well, this is not a good development I hope that Bill returns to us and slips out of this at some point bill who's bill no What is your name now? My name is Robert? Oh?
