Doug loves candy wrappers, bah bah bah bah bah bah, you know that song from a different podcast, but he is with us here today, Doug Benson from the Doug L oves Movies podcast is here!

Plus one of our old friends drops by, you know him, all of that and more, all on today's ♫ Music ♫ Skim chocolate 2% evaporated, it's all milk to me. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah yes, Daniel C. Thank you so much for that catchphrase submission.

Skim chocolate 2% evaporated, it's all milk to me. If you have a catchphrase submission, send it on over to Earwolf.

com and you can be, oh no, that's the plugs theme. They're famous for a week.

The people who give us catchphrases are not famous. Daniel C. you are not famous.

I rescind your fame. I hope you didn't buy a Ferrari.

Welcome to the show. We're having a mid-day show today. A lot of times, as you know, we do early morning shows.

A lot of times we do Hollywood nights. And we're here in the evening.

But today is right at the strike of noon, exactly halfway through the day, I call it.

There is as much day left as there is in the rear view.

And we have a special show for you today. By the way, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

My name is Scott Aukerman. If you haven't heard the show before, if you're just tuning in because of our special guest, or because you heard the show is really great, let me describe it for you.

It's an interview show of which I am the host. I, Scott Auk erman, host this show and I talk to my funny friends.

We bro out, we rap about stuff. Engineer Cody has his hand up. Looks like he wants to ask a question.

It's just because he has a brace on his hand. Is that right ? Okay. Okay, good.

Okay, so I will not be taking questions at this time, Engineer Cody.

But we have a good time. It's a fun, easygoing, free-fl owing conversation where anything goes.

Is that accurate, Engineer Cody?

Sure.

Okay. So we're going to have one of those today. I have a very special guest here in front of me.

I would say, when I think about it, when I think about my career in comedy, when I'm forced to think about it, I would say probably my oldest friend in comedy. I believe that to be true. I think the...

There's people that are older than me.

No, no, I mean, I mean that I've, of course, people that I have known.

You're the person, I believe, that I befriended, or you actually befriended me. We can talk about that.

Sure.

But the first person to befriend me in the comedy scene, I believe.

And let me just go through his credits because from his voice, you probably already know him, but if you're not a fan, you're about to become one.

He has, he's one of the kings of podcasting.

I would say, out of all the kings of podcasting, you have Marc Maron, you have Nerdist, and then right underneath those two, you have Doug Benson.

Really?

You think you're above them?

Yeah, no, I meant...

There's a handful of people that I are equally king-like in the world of podcasting.

I feel like you and a bunch of people are like, straggling way behind those two.

And yeah, Corolla and Rogan are up there.

Oh yeah, that's right.

It's probably the top four, and then everybody else is scrambling for the next...

Corolla and Rogan are like the tough guys of podcasting, that's how I wouldn't consider them the kings of podcasting .

I'd consider them the tough guys of podcasting.

I call them the hard-to-get-a-word-in-edge-wise-when-you're -a-guest on their shows of podcasting.

Well, I'm going to compete for that honor here with you today.

You're doing great so far!

So he has his own podcast, Doug Loves Movies.

Now, that's a hint already as to his identity.

Oh, I can't believe we still haven't revealed who I might be.

Sharp-eared listeners already know who he is, but I'll continue.

He has The Benson Interruption, which is a podcast, used to be a TV show, is now a podcast.

He has Doug Loves Interrupting Movies, which is a show he goes, he does it here in LA, he does it on the road sometimes.

Plus, he's a touring comedian in his own right who puts out one album a year, and his last record was called...

I know it was a double disc.

Smug Life.

Smug Life. Please welcome to the program, friend of the show, Doug Benson.

Hello, Doug!

Hello! So much to get through.

Well, you have a long story career.

To get here. It's full of stories.

I've got plenty of stories to tell.

You've been doing stand-up ever since you were a young lad.

I started pretty early, and that's one of my few pieces of advice I give people that are thinking about doing stand-up comedy is start yesterday.

Start as early as you can.

Right, so if you even have an inkling of, hey, this might be something I want to do.

Yeah, if you're like 15, 16 years old, and you think you can crack your friends up, and you want to go pro, start, go to clubs that'll let you hang out in the back and not drink, and only go into the club when it's your turn to perform.

But go start doing it.

What about the teachers at school? What if you crack them up? Is that the same kind of advice?

What kind of weird teacher would crack up at the shit some student says?

I went and talked to a group of junior high students. I got asked to speak to them about, you know, like...

Why would someone ask you to do that?

He met me at a... I was speaking to a group of high school students, and he was also speaking to them, and he said, oh , man, you were great.

You've got to come talk to this junior high...

You would really go over with the junior high kids.

He's like... He literally said this to me. He said, these high school kids, they're too cynical.

Like, the junior high kids are going to treat you like a king.

I'm like, I'm not doing this to be treated like a king, but if you want me to talk at your school, okay.

I set it up, and it was the opposite. Junior high kids have no respect for older people at all.

I mean, just total snickering and laughing at me.

Right, why would they also have any kind of feel for anything that you've been involved in in entertainment?

Like, they're not listening to podcasts or watching IFC or ...

Yeah, I mean, I showed...

They're not Mr. Show fans.

I showed them a Between Two Ferns episode, like, just of like, okay, this is something I did.

I worked with him.

The one question I got was, like, who is the most famous person you know?

And I said...

Who is that? Yeah.

I said, I don't know. At the time, I was like...

Probably Zach, maybe.

No, Zach was not at the time.

At the time, I was like, I don't know, Jack Black?

And they went, oh, and someone went, what about someone on VH1?

What?

Yeah.

Yeah, kids are weird.

Kids are really weird.

I got really weird ideas.

Yeah, but I was just struck by how smart-assy they were, and then I remembered that I was exactly like that at that age, except for I was incredibly hilarious.

So, and that's the difference.

It's a really...

That's a really weird time between elementary and high school.

It's why they have a whole school devoted to it, in my opinion.

That's why it's there.

It's because those kids are weirdos.

They need to be corralled and trained.

There needs to be a special school where you just get your pubic hair, where you are guaranteed to get your pubic hair while you're there.

I don't even remember when I got mine.

It wasn't something I was looking out for.

I wasn't ever like, why don't I have hair yet?

It is interesting to me, and I'd be interested to hear if any of our listeners have stories about this, because I similarly cannot remember a time when I did or didn't have pubic hair.

You know, like I remember being a young kid and not having it, I guess, and then I remember having it, but I don't remember the day that I was like, check that out.

I got something growing in.

I just, you know, it wasn't like a big, it wasn't like getting my menses or anything.

It all happens overnight one night, right?

You just wake up the next morning.

Like, what do you do?

Leave some hairs under your pillow?

You have a pubic hair vampire come visit you and bite you in the dick?

Yeah, it's weird.

I have, you know, it's not like, I imagine most girls remember that sort of stuff.

Yeah, I mean, I think that most girls probably remember, although I wonder if getting your, what is a respectful way of saying this, boobies?

Little tiny boobies?

Like that must be, you must kind of stare at them.

I remember reading that, it must have been what, a Judy Bl ume book or something?

The, we must, we must, we must improve our bust, like girls saying that as a chant to try to grow, you know?

Like I think they keep close tabs on that probably, but as far as guys go, I don't remember the day that it all happened.

Yeah, and even that, that doesn't happen in a day.

It's a little gradual, so it must be weird.

Maybe it was so gradual that, you know, it just takes place over the course of a year, you know, that you're looking down there.

It's just like a year where you just got kind of fat in two areas.

In your pubes.

You just put on.

Have you noticed the way I put on my pubes?

No, I meant the boob part.

Oh yeah.

Yeah, it's all, but I don't, I don't remember a lot of the firsts, like I couldn't tell you when my first kiss was.

You couldn't really? Your first kiss concert?

Yeah, I couldn't tell you which one. It might have been in a stadium.

You and I went together.

Did we go to Dodger Stadium together and watch that?

We, I think we were at Dodger Stadium together, but I also, yeah, we were as a matter of fact.

Super shitty seats, I think.

No, we were on the floor, but they were far back. Remember Brian Posehn?

Did what?

Got him for us.

Oh, okay.

Paul Stanley. But we, no, but we went to, we, together we went to some arena to see them, like Staples or something as well.

And I don't know if you recall, but the big rumor at the time was that Van Halen was going to reform and open for them.

And instead it was...

So we were severely disappointed.

It was the band Red 5.

When Red 5 came out. I liked them though.

Yeah, they were good, but...

They're not a thing anymore, are they?

I don't think so. I think Red 5 though, still exists in the Star Wars universe.

Did they split off? Did those, it was like two girls front ed Red 5, right?

I don't remember. I don't remember the details of Red 5.

I think it was two ladies, but I wonder if they split it off into like, I mean, for all we know, they could be Tegan and Sarah or something.

That's true. I mean, look at the...

I mean, they're definitely not them, but they could be something like that where they're...

There are a lot of bands like that, like AutoLux, I think.

And then I think one of them went over to, uh, uh, uh, Sister, uh, uh, boy.

Sister Act?

Sister Act, the musical.

On Broadway. That's one of the, um, Broadway shows I never bothered to go to.

I never went to that either. You and I actually, we used to have, uh, uh, season tickets together at the Amundsen here in LA, which is where all the big Broadway shows come through.

You and I, uh, got season tickets for a season.

And we saw, what did we see? We saw Chicago starring Jas mine Guy.

Wow, I'm not going to remember any of these.

That's the, maybe the only one I remember going to, but we must've gone to five or six in a season together.

I think so, yeah. I'm starting, I, I love Broadway, but I'm starting to get a little, um, I'm less into road companies.

Yeah.

Cause there's something missing. I don't know what it is.

I went to see Shrek the musical.

Oh my God. I didn't even like it with all the original people.

We went as a joke, it was Paul Scheer and June, um, said, Hey, let's all go, said to a big group of people, let's all go to Shrek musical and make fun of it.

And somehow...

Cause everyone sitting around you loves that at a show.

Well, it was practically empty.

Oh, okay.

Um, we did get tickets in the back, in the back balcony away from people.

Oh, that's nice.

But, uh, what happened was Kulap and I were the, were the, everyone said, yeah.

And somehow Kulap and I were the only people who bought tickets.

So it was Paul, June and Kulap and I, which is just, it was such a bummer. We were like, oh, we're really going to do this.

And then we, we watched half of it and walked out in inter mission.

Sorry, apologies to Shrek the musical. Anyone who was in that.

Yeah. I, I did see, I just saw a Book of Mormon, the touring version.

How's the touring version versus the Broadway?

I was really impressed with it because first of all, even on Broadway, it's not like it's full of star roles or anything. It's sort of like...

I did think the two leads...

But several people in the, you know, like everybody plays multiple parts.

Right.

And, uh, you know, it's like villagers and Mormons are kind of like the two things people...

Which was the alternate title.

Sort of are. Yeah.

And, um, so the, and the two main leads, I thought, oh, seeing it again without...

Josh Gad.

Andrew Reynolds and Josh Gad are going to be, you know, they're just not going to be, it's not going to be the same .

Like I saw the producers without Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick and was kind of, you know...

Right.

I didn't think that was so hot.

Who did you see with that show? Who, who was in there instead? Was that Jason Alexander?

Uh, Jason Alexander and Martin Short.

Ooh. Well, I love Martin Short.

I know, he's great. But there was something about the reason the producers worked on Broadway, I think, is something about, you know...

Just something about those two.

Nathan and Broderick together.

Mm-hmm.

Because, you know, they've been... I just saw Nice Work If You Can Get It with Matthew Broderick.

And I was, you know, born out of my mind through the whole thing. Like, just because it's Matthew Broderick isn't enough.

Right.

I'm sure I, I'm sure there's things with Nathan Lane in them.

Did you know that Nathan Lane is... Did you see Joe vs. the Volcano?

I did.

Did you know that he's the, the native that, like, kind of welcomes them to the island at the beginning?

You know, when Nathan Lane's...

When they get to the island?

When Nathan Lane became sort of a well-known actor, as in, like, household name, uh, I rem... I... It's one of those things...

When they started putting him on the side of floor wax.

It's, it's... I... He was one of those guys where I was like, oh, I've seen him in probably everything.

It's like that moment that Joe Mantegna clicks for you, or, you know what I mean?

Sure.

Yeah, there's people that just...

Stanley Tucci.

Tucci, the Tucci!

People that were in a bunch of stuff, and then they finally , they finally kick in.

Yeah.

And that was, with Nathan Lane, he was in that, he's like, um, you know, he, he was in that, uh, Al Pacino, Michelle P feiffer, Frankie and Johnny...

Frankie and Johnny!

Yeah.

Whoo!

Yeah, he was in a bunch...

My Terence Trent-Darby impression.

...bunch of stuff, and then he became a, a known guy, but I just saw, last April, I saw Joe vs. the Volcano on the, on the big screen.

Oh, great.

And it was...

I used to love that movie.

It's so good!

Right.

It's so good, it really holds up.

John Patrick Shanley, correct?

Mm-hmm.

And it was like the only movie he ever directed, because it was such a miserable experience for him, I guess, but, uh, I thought it turned out...

Went back to writing plays!

...turned out just swell.

It's kind of like, uh, every time I see the Life of Pi trailers...

Oh, yeah, it looks sort of like that.

It reminds me of Joe vs. the Volcano.

Uh, Frankie and Johnny, best use of a bandana in an Al Pac ino movie, yes or no?

He's had some good bandanas over the years.

He had one in Scarface?

Yeah.

I don't know, I give...

I can't think of any others.

Do you see, you don't see his crank, though, do you, in, in that Frankie and Johnny movie?

Ahhh...

Or, or Michelle Pfeiffer's Boosh?

Um, I don't think so, I think they kept it pretty clean, that was a Gary Marshall movie, you know.

No way!

Yeah.

Really?

Gary Marshall directed that.

I just remember it really looking like a play, because it's mostly inside somebody's dirty apartment.

But, um, but I saw it on, speaking of the Tooch, I saw it on Broadway with, uh, Stanley Tucci and, uh, Edie Falco.

Oh, interesting.

And curtain up, both of them completely naked, laying on a bed, post-coital, I guess.

Ohhh.

I don't know if that's how it started, but, uh, but there definitely, there's definitely a point where they're both just laying there with their shit out, and, and then walk around and stuff, and like, you, you get, you saw them naked for quite a while.

Did you get some camera phone pics of the Tooch's Booch?

This was long enough ago that I may not have had a, a camera in my phone.

This was long enough...

Plus, it's against the rules.

This was long enough ago we may not know if the Tooch had a Booch.

I don't remember. I really don't, because I kind of try to not look at it, I think.

Yeah, that's...

To the best of my ability.

What is, uh, how, how much nudity is acceptable, um, on stage?

Oh, I, I, I welcome it all the time.

Mm-hmm.

I mean, I don't, you know, dudes don't need to walk around naked, but, um...

So you're not a fan of Equus?

I will put up with, yeah, exactly.

I will, I will, well, I will put up with male nudity if there's a lady naked nearby...

How close?

...or, or, or horses are being stabbed in the eye.

Those are the only times that I want to see male nudity.

Uh, like I don't, I don't, like, Glenn Gary, Glenn Ross, go ahead and keep your clothes on.

Right. Well, why would they take them off?

The entirety of that performance.

It's the middle of the business day.

Yeah. I'm just saying it's a play with all men in it.

Yeah.

If there's any plays about submarines, I probably wouldn't want any nudity in there.

What about Steel Magnolias? Would, would you like that if all of those ladies just...

Yeah, all nude, all the time.

All nude Steel Magnolias.

Yeah.

Hey, this is a dynamite idea.

Somebody get Shelby the Juice and a shirt.

You've been off Broadway? I say we make this happen.

Producers.

I do, I do want to do, uh, my, my kind of new dream thing that I'll probably never get around to actually doing is, is, uh, doing a, a, uh, a, you know, a weed mutual.

You know, a weed musical on Broadway.

What would that be like?

Well, it would be, uh, uh, uh, it would need to be worked out.

That would be the thing. But I, I, I would love to, you know, if I'm going to do a musical, it might as well be, uh , weed related.

Write about what you know.

Exactly. And, uh, and so I think I could, you know, help write songs about, about weed and could take place like in a dispensary or something.

Could be, you know, if I don't get around to it for another 10 years, it could be about, you know, when legalization started to happen or something.

And how hopefully it was immediately shut down because it's a sin and, uh.

Wait, wait, wait, what? Sin? Where'd you read that? Which version of the B-blay says that?

Um, but anyway, I've been, but I now I get to occasionally meet, uh, Broadway people because I go to lots of shows now when I'm, whenever I'm in New York and then I tweet about them and sometimes I get to connect with people.

Yes. And, uh, so I'm like, I'm building like, it's almost like a fantasy fantasy musical league. I'm, I'm asking people, do you want to, you know, write the book and do you want to be the lead? Do you want to be the, and, uh, and the people are saying yes, but I think you're just humoring me.

Because nothing's happened so far.

Because they think it's not going to happen. Yeah. But I, uh, it's, uh, I'm putting together a powerful team and, uh.

Let's get our, let's get another writer on this.

Someday.

Let's get the Avenue Q people in on this.

I hate get that guy that wrote Avenue Q and Book of Mormon.

Yeah. That one, he's probably not doing anything.

Jeff Witte, Jeff Witte.

Talk about, talk about a guy whose life was pretty much set up for him.

If your name's Jeff Witte, you better write some jokes.

Um, let's talk about how we met because, um, you know, I mentioned it at the top, you are my, uh, the, the person I 've known the longest in, in comedy, I believe.

Other than your comedy partner at the time.

Yes, but I knew him before and we started up together. But what I mean to say is you are one of the first, you are the first comedian, I believe, who, uh, ever came up and really talked to, uh, uh, me in a, uh, substantive form.

Which is very, I either must've saw something very special in you or I've completely changed because I never go up to anybody anymore.

Really? Is that true? I always see you hanging out with young talent.

Oh, I guess so. Jesus, that just sounds, that sounds gross.

I've got this one friend who's very young, uh, who hangs around all the time because he, he loves comedy and so I, you know, I let him, you know, let him hang out backstage at my shows in LA and stuff and, and I've often referred to , well, not often, but once or twice I've referred to him as a make-a-wish kid who refuses to die.

But, um, but he's not really a comic. He just, he just likes comedy and, and, and does other things. But, um.

But no, you were very nice to me. You came up, uh, I was standing in line to get into Mr. Show.

On, on Schrader in Hollywood.

Schrader just off Hollywood, yeah.

Yeah, and it was their first taping.

First taping.

Parker Posey was in the audience that night, I recall.

I like that.

And, um, and Jack Black was in a, in a, in the sketch.

Yes.

They did the Barn.

The, uh, Joke the Musical.

Yeah, Joke the Musical.

Yeah.

And, uh, yeah, so I, I, it's funny that you say that because I do, I still have a vivid picture of you standing in line outside that theater and me saying something to you .

Yes, I was standing in line. You had, you had, uh, either performed on a bill with me and BJ or you had, you had seen us. I can't remember which, but, uh, everyone.

Maybe, maybe the belly room at the Comedy Store.

Yeah, everyone at that time used to just kind of hang out, um, at the shows even if you weren't on them. You would just kind of come and see what was happening.

So I can't remember if we performed on the same bill or not , but you, you aspired me and you said Fun Bunch, which was, um, the name of the act that we were performing on.

Yeah, and I was just delighted that there was an act with two guys in it called the Fun Bunch.

Because.

That's probably a hundred percent why I ever spoke to you is that I, that you were the fun, you know, that you were guys that I knew as the Fun Bunch and I knew it was fun for me to call you out as that.

Yes.

And yet you'd, you'd still look a little embarrassed. Like, is he making fun of us or does he actually like that name?

It was an ironic choice of the name, which we thought was so funny because there were only two of us and our act was never fun.

It wasn't much fun at all. It was, got quite dark sometimes .

So you said Fun Bunch and we went, ha ha ha. Yeah. Is this guy messing with us?

Yeah.

And you said, Hey, what are you doing in this line? Why don 't you come over to the VIP line?

And I said, well, I don't know if I, and you were like, no, yeah, you're a comedian. Come, come hang out.

You're going to write for this show someday.

Someday very soon.

In a few, few years.

Yeah. So you, you, uh, shepherded us over to the VIP line and, uh, and we, we talked for a while and I don't know, we just became friends. How did that happen?

I don't know. It's not like you had weed on you.

I know. And I don't even know if you were into weed back then.

I might not have been, it might've been on the cusp. I probably was already. I was already.

And then we used to hang out every single.

If I was somebody you recognize, then I was already smoking pot. Cause I.

I know. I mean, I only recognize you from being on shows.

Right. But you know what I mean? You're like, I was doing shows around and stuff that.

Right.

Do you think you can guess what year that was?

Oh yeah, I definitely can. It was 1995.

Um, yeah, I was definitely smoking weed.

You were smoking weed, my man. High five, motherfucker.

But then we used to hang out every single, uh, every single night together over Brian Plissane's house and play video games.

Oh, that was like.

And watch TV.

So much fun and retrospect, such a gigantic waste of time.

But I guess not a waste of time cause we, we, you know, developed friendships and taste in things.

And, uh, I got video games out of my system. Like I don't play them at all anymore cause I, that was just ridiculous.

We used to play Mario Kart and GoldenEye.

All the time.

We'd only, we'd only stop to watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer .

We used to watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer and ER, uh, amongst other shows, uh, all the time.

Well, we were into the whole Thursday night lineup, even though it was very, very rocky.

But we'd all watch it together.

Union Square. Um, but I, I do, yeah.

Union Square. Boston Commons.

Boston Commons. I kind of feel like the watching TV.

Single guy.

I feel like the watching TV neces- wasn't necessarily a waste of time cause it goes into what we do.

Um, and a, a certain pop culture awareness is necessary and like when I'm writing sketches or something I'll go, hey, if it's, it's like this thing, you know, it kind of serves us well.

But yeah, the video games was a big waste of time.

Yeah, that's really weird.

And, and the people still do it to this day.

These new games come out and the people just sit there and play and play and play until they accomplish whatever the, the game's goals are.

And then it's like, once you've done that, what, what do you have?

You know, it's not even like, like if you get good at a particular arcade game, at least it's like out in public and you can, if you're somewhere and you're like, oh, there 's that game I'm good at.

You can walk over and kind of show off or whatever.

You're out in public in the middle of an arcade with children around you.

Yeah, look at this, you stupid kids.

Look at how good I am at this old game.

But even that, I'm kind of embarrassed to be so good at the , you know.

Dance Dance Revolution, the only exception to the rule, because then at least you're getting a little cardio.

I get cardio.

I play Galaga in a way that gets cardio.

Really?

Yeah, yeah.

What are you doing?

I stomp my feet a lot.

Have you ever considered being in the Broadway musical St omp while playing Galaga and putting those two loves together?

Finally the perfect idea that I've been waiting for.

Let's scrap this, scrap this weed musical and do this instead.

But that was something you and I did, you know, we saw some shows together, but the main thing that we did that we even gave it a name is for a long time we were concert buddies.

Concert buddies.

We would go see almost- Which was also kind of a waste of time.

A little bit.

We saw some interesting stuff.

Speaking of KISS, the day that we bought KISS tickets, you had an interesting way of calling Ticketmaster, which was if anything big went on sale at 10 a.m., say, you would call at 955 and buy tickets for something else.

And then when it rolled around to 10, you'd say, okay, now get me KISS tickets.

Because the process was so slow that you'd be on the phone with them long enough to get to the on-sale time of the other thing.

So I remember we got Berlin tickets.

So we went to the palace and saw Berlin.

Which I was not entirely upset about.

It was good. Terry Nunn out there with a whole new backing band.

I like her. I saw her a bunch of times over the years.

And one time I saw her at, I think it was The Greek, and she was doing one of those things where she's like, you know, kind of cruising around in the crowd and shaking hands and singing at people.

And we had very intense eye contact at one point, so much so that the guy standing next to me was like, she just looked right at you.

And it was, you know, the whole story is really stupid.

Well, that happened to me at South by Southwest where I was with Cool Up, and we went to see Duffy, the English singer who's sort of like Adele.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And she looked at me and winked.

And, because we were sort of in the front, and Cool Up was like, did she wink at you?

And I'm like, nah, I don't think so. But yeah, she did.

She winked at you.

What's that song that she had? It's kind of like all of Ad ele's songs.

Rock, Rock Fairy, and well, she had, oh yeah, what was her big hit? It was Mercy.

Yeah.

Mercy, yeah, yeah.

That reminds me of Rumor Has It.

Rumor Has It.

It's like the same song, yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, so we went to a ton of shows together.

Concert buddies. We would go to all the K-Rock shows, the Weenie Roasts and the Acoustic Christmases together.

I do like, I do, bless you Cody.

Cody, come on. We're in the middle of a show, man. We're talking about concerts.

We're like good cop, bad cop. I said bless you and you yelled at him.

But I really like those radio station concerts and festivals and stuff. There's something about seeing a bunch of different bands in one setting instead of going and seeing one band play for three hours.

I really like that. But that's probably an attention span thing.

Right. Well, maybe we go see a concert together someday again. But you're always out on the road now.

I'm out on the road quite a bit.

Hard to nail down times with you. I'm surprised we got you in here. At noon, no less.

Yeah, I got four hours and 20 minutes to kill.

I get it.

Till my next appointment.

I understand.

You get it?

I think I am on the same wave as you and my friend.

We would have been friends even faster if you were called the weed bunch.

All right. Let's take a break. When we come back, we'll be right back with a little more Doug Benson. Also, we'll have another special guest. Please stick around. We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang. We're back here with Doug Les Benson. Is it Doug Les? Is that your full name?

Yes. D-O-U-G-L-E-S-S-S. Three S's.

Three S's. And an L-E-S-S. I love it.

Your mother was so inventive. I'm assuming your mother named you because that's women's work.

Yeah. Dad was out having a smoke.

It's so great to have you, one of my oldest comedy bros, or one of the people I've known the longest in comedy.

And it's so great to have you here and just kind of enjoying our respective successes in the podcasting field.

Comment?

Quement? Would I like to make a question and a comment?

Yeah. It's fun. It's definitely fun.

Did you ever see podcasting in your future back when they didn't exist?

No. No. I kind of. I always was jealous of people in radio except for the fact that the people they were most successful at it had to get up early.

Yeah, podcasting is... Oh, no.

Hello! Pardon me. Yes, one sign. Lord coming through.

Oh, boy. British Empire, whatnot. Hello there.

Skaldrick, good day to you. Lord Weber.

Yes. Hello.

What a pleasure to see you. I sensed a great boredom overcoming the nation and I rushed right in.

When we started talking about the mechanics of podcasting.

Oh, is that what it was?

All I heard was, uh, uh, Allah, the Charlie Brown teacher.

That's a great impression of that.

Thank you.

You do great impressions.

I'm a bit of a Richard Little.

Who else do you do?

Name someone.

OK. Let me think.

Gerard Butler.

Gerard Butler, the famed thespian.

Yes, the butler did it.

Do you mean great acting?

Of course I do.

Yes, yes. Name a film. Name a Gerard Butler film.

300 is the most famous.

Oh, Douglas! Hello to you.

What a pleasure to see you again.

Nice to see you.

It's been quite a while. I haven't seen you since your own podcast.

That's right. I can't say your name right, so I'm not even going to say it right now.

How do you say his name?

I always start to say it wrong.

He seems to call me three other fellows.

All right. Gerard Butler, the movie 300.

He's got a little bit of that Peanuts teacher in there.

What's that?

Oh, I don't know.

Welcome to the show.

What's your favorite convenience store in the Pennsylvania area?

Oh, let's see. There's 7-Eleven, certainly.

No, that's not...

There's AM, PM.

There's anti-meridian, post-meridian, mini-mart.

No.

Well, I'm all out of convenience stores.

It's meridian, right?

You were just saying it.

Meridian.

I believe it's meridian. I looked it up.

Your beliefs are incorrect.

Yeah, I'm going to look it up right now.

Reconsider your entire belief system, dear boy.

There we go. Anti...

Wawa.

Wawa is the answer I was looking for.

I am preventatively sad for you.

Wawa.

That can't be the name of anything.

Yeah, they're called wawas.

That's just noises.

Like the ones you were making a little bit ago.

Yes, but I'm a person making a noise to do an impression of a famous actor.

There's no convenience store called Goo Goo.

Or Gag Gag Baby Store.

It is either meridian or meridian.

It isn't. And you're lying.

What a shame.

What a shame. We had to start on such a wrong foot.

Welcome to the show, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

I believe that's Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

That's correct.

That's the part I mess up.

Famed... not a thespian. Although, is a writer of the theater considered a thespian?

Well, you know, Scottrick, I feel as if...

I believe it's a thespium.

Do you have problems?

With those two letters of the alphabet so close together.

So close!

Why do we have both of them?

I know, just an extra hump and you got an M.

And yet it comes first.

Yes, indeed.

It's like the W doesn't come before the U.

It's sort of like the Mini Cooper, the Cooper Clubman.

Exactly.

It's like the larger version.

Yes.

The main thing.

And yet the Mini Cooper came first.

It did?

Yes.

At some say best. It's best for bank robberies.

So what were we saying?

A load of old...

Thespian.

Bullshit.

I've never heard you curse.

I've never heard that before.

What came over you, Lord Webber?

That's not conduct befitting of a Lord.

Well, you know, this is sort of old boys club in here.

I thought why not let my hair down a bit.

So are you going to start cursing a lot on the show?

Fuck yes!

Did!

I've done it!

Yes!

Now that's podcasting!

We were talking about boobies and pubes earlier.

Do you remember when you first got your...

Were your sons here?

You were teaching them the facts of life?

We were saying to each other, and maybe you have an opinion on this, that neither of us remember when we got pubes.

We just, all of a sudden they were there and there was no difference.

You know, it wasn't so...

You said you were discussing this earlier.

Was this when you were in grammar school together?

No, we were grown ass men.

Earlier today.

At the strike of moon.

I recently lost my pubes, so that's how we got into it.

I'm so sorry. My condolences on your loss.

Do you remember when they were there?

Or was it so gradual that it just...

I can't remember a time when my body was not chock full, covered with verdant luxurious hair.

You are a very hairy person.

People don't realize that.

Which is why you wear the scarves and the sweaters, because it's just covering up a la Robin Williams.

Yes, I feel it puts people off.

That's probably why you wrote that musical. Starlight Express.

I thought you were going to say hair.

Yes, I've often dreamed of being a hairless train.

Speaking of hairless trains, thoughts.

We abandoned Can You Be a Thespian if you are just a writer of the theater.

Well, I feel as if a great deal of action goes into the writing of my musicals.

I will put it up on its feet by myself in my mansion, one of them, and I'll act out all the parts, declaiming and declaring and oh, the acting I do on my own in my mansion.

You settled it.

I'm not done. I'm not done.

It's quite a process.

My goodness. Now, you told me once that you write your musicals in your sleep.

Yes, that's correct.

And you do it on your feet.

I write them. I sleep on my feet like a horse.

Good.

I lock my knees and then I'm done for the night.

And off I go to the cloud cuckoo land of dreams.

Why don't horses lay down?

Is it just too hard to get up?

Yes, they're very heavy up top. Top heavy, if you will.

And the legs are just these spindly little bowling pins, don't you know?

I wonder if they would prefer...

Candle pins, one might say.

Would they prefer to lay down?

Everyone sleep, dear boy.

I feel bad for horses now.

You're seated right now. Wouldn't you rather be laying down ?

That's true. Man, if I could do everything laying down?

Yes.

Oh, what a great life this would be.

Wouldn't it?

If you never had to get up.

But we have been charged by our Creator with tasks.

We are the stewards. We are the stewards of this earth.

Man reaches for the stars. Human innovation is all because God wants us to achieve things.

We must keep our feet on the ground.

And yet, keep reaching for those stars.

Yes, of course. Doug?

Big Casey Kasem fan.

Who?

Douglas, I wish for you.

Shall I have pain, wishes, and caviar dreams?

Oh, see, like Robin Leach?

Who's that?

Doug, you know Andrew Lloyd Webber from your program?

Mm-hmm. Yeah, he was...

I don't have the open door policy, as you know.

Mm. You have the... What is your policy on your show?

My policy is no open door.

Okay, so you keep the doors...

You can't... Someone can't just walk in.

Mm-hmm.

Even if someone of...

Immense stature is Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Sir Andrew. Yeah, even someone...

Lord, please. I'm no Richard Branson.

See, that's how I screw it up. I say sir or dame sometimes.

Ugh, no.

He doesn't like that very much.

No. I am a man.

But, yeah, you appeared on... Where were we when you were on the show?

Were we in Los Angeles?

At the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in Los Angeles.

One of your old haunts, Lord Webber?

Yes, I feel as if I'm haunting that place, because I'm the oldest person there.

Have you ever considered putting up a musical there?

It is a theater after all.

I have considered it.

It's logistically very difficult, because I look around, it 's a tiny black box theater, and I think, Well, will the chandelier crash down upon the stage?

It's as big as the stage.

Because you were going to do that in every show from now on ?

Yes.

Well, look, I'm still trying to make my money back off that thing.

Off of Phantom and the Opera?

No, off of that one chandelier.

Yes.

Oh!

It's just inexpensive.

I don't... Take it from me.

Do not buy a gigantical, crashing chandelier.

You will regret it.

Yeah.

Still in the red.

Still in the red on that.

Did you use it in the Phantom sequel? What was that called?

Yes, I did.

Tomorrow Never Dies.

Tomorrow Never Dies, right.

Yes.

And what was the plot of that again?

Let's see.

The Phantom is enlisted by M to travel...

M from the James Bond books?

Yes, that's correct.

Oh, okay.

To travel to Budapest.

Budapest, yes.

To root out a nest of vampires who are working for the Soviet Union.

Okay, so sort of a spy element mixed with the fantastical universal monsters.

Yes, so he brings with him his trusty, crashing chandelier.

And he plans on opening up the skylight in the vampire nest .

Why do they have it?

Foolish vampires.

So it's going to reverse crash, in other words, and open up the skylight?

Exactly.

Reverse crashes, smashes through the skylight, and then the vampires are given the keys to the chocolate factory.

Okay, wow.

Congratulations, vampires.

Was there a problem when no one knew what a reverse crash was of a chandelier?

That did prove to be a problem, yes.

I had to patiently explain it to the stage manager, and then to the actors playing the vampires.

So you got actors for that?

Yes, I put out an open call for actual vampires, but no one responded.

Maybe it was the daytime matinees that scared them off.

Perhaps so. You know, it didn't even occur to me that that would be an issue.

Yeah, you should adjust your schedule for vampires.

We all should.

Well, that sounds like a fascinating play that no one saw.

Yes, I'm a fascinating person, full of fascinating ideas.

Doug, have you seen... you love movies, obviously.

He's had several movies that are based upon his musicals.

You have Jesus Christ Superstar, you have The Van Veeda starring Madonna.

Rings a Bell.

You have The Phantom of the Opera, the titular phantom.

The Phantom of the Opera is here.

One of my better lyrics.

Yeah, they never get them right for film. You must be pretty mad about that.

No, it's frustrating. There are times I see the finished product and I think, I would have done it differently. I would have done it on a stage and not on film.

Oh, yeah.

Well, you did do that.

That is how you did it, yeah.

Well, that's my method, certainly.

Sure.

And so when it's adapted, and the cameras start rolling, sometimes I'll visit the set and I'll think, I don't know about those cameras. I don't know about those cameras.

And there doesn't seem to be an audience here. I would have done it differently.

No proscenium.

No proscenium scotchery.

No lip.

Is there any more beautiful word in the English language than proscenium?

Vomitorium.

Also, very pretty.

Vomitorium.

It's such a pretty word.

I love all the old Latin terms.

I love the word action.

Oh, my favorite word in the English language.

What's your least favorite word?

But...

Correct.

Also, company rap.

Oh, I hate those words.

Those are terrible words.

Oh, I wish you could just keep creating forever and ever.

Here's a word I enjoy.

Yes.

Lounge.

Oh, lounge.

Lounge?

The meal between breakfast and dinner.

Oh, lunch.

Oh, what did you think I said?

I thought you said lounge and I thought you said lunch.

Very clearly said.

The two words that I said.

I very clearly said lounge.

What do you like about lounge?

Well, let's see.

I like the crustlessness of everything.

So many crusts have been removed.

Your sandwiches don't have crusts.

Oh, interesting.

No, not one.

It simply isn't done, dear boys.

What do you call the meal in between breakfast and lunch?

Bronges.

What do you like in bronges?

Let's see.

I like an eggs benedictual style.

I enjoy salamond, as the French call it.

Salamond.

The French art of salamond.

Indeed?

Indeed.

What time do you like to eat bronges?

Well, let's see.

Doug, get in on this question if you like.

I will allow you to...

When will I have brunch?

When do you like to have brunch?

I will take an answer from either of you.

Typically, I arise at 4.30 a.m.

Mmm.

Anti-meridieng.

You have just dreamt up a new musical.

Yes.

On your feet.

Whether I like it or not.

Right.

Can you decide whether or not you will write this one down and perform it?

Yes.

Okay.

I have to sit and have a bit of a think.

Mmm hmm.

What am I going to do?

Think Andy, think what are you going to do?

Will you turn this into a Tony Award winning musical?

You're very informal with yourself.

Well, yes, it's just me and me.

Sure.

Or will you forget this idea?

Let it cast it to the winds?

How many musicals you must have forgotten over the years?

Thirty, forty, thousand.

Ah.

One a night.

And you only put out one every few years.

Yes.

Well, it's a lot of work.

I wish I could dream up three-dimensional costumes and actors and rehearsals, but I used to have to get there the old-fashioned way, dear boy.

Ah, man, what if you could dream up three-dimensional costumes?

I would use my powers to clothe the world.

Oh my god, that's like future shit.

That's like, uh...

Future shit, indeed.

What are you doing?

I was doing Minority Report.

Tom Cruise in Minority Report?

Yeah.

The listeners love that.

Well, the listener is called, is waving his arms around as if he's trying to get through a crowd.

They just did that in another movie where they were doing exactly like in Minority Report.

Don't they get dibs on that?

Pippin?

Yes.

Oh, was it in The Avengers?

The Avengers, yeah.

They were doing it in Avengers and in James Bond, weren't they, as well?

Sure.

Maybe in Quantum of Solace?

Quantum of Solace.

Do you like Judi Dench?

Why didn't you write that song?

Oh, I adore her.

She can't sing a lick.

That's why we've never worked together, because she's got a dreadful voice.

Now she's losing her eyesight, I guess.

I heard.

Perhaps she's gaining an ability to sing?

Oh, that's exactly how it works, just like Daredevil.

That's what happens when you lose a sense, yeah, of everything else.

The Lord never closes a door without opening a singing window.

She's going to be able to lift heavier things once her eyes are gone.

If she flies into a rage.

Dench, smash!

I would love to hear more of that Quantum of Solace song.

That was soothing.

Quantum of Solace.

All I need is just a quantum of solace.

Did you dream that one, or is that one that...

I beg your pardon.

Is it quantum, is it quantum, or...

Pardon me, pardon me.

I beg both of your pardons.

First of all, Doug, Doug, did you just interrupt Andrew Lloyd Webber when he was begging the pardon of someone else?

Secondly, that is violating the compact of beg your pardon.

Altrick, did you just interrupt Andrew Lloyd Webber who was singing an original song?

Oh, I'm so sorry.

It simply isn't done, damn boy!

Please continue.

All I need is just a quantum of solace so that I can discover my feelings for you.

The end.

Curtain call.

People throw flowers.

And final curtain.

Put you out back for autographs.

Am I allowed to speak now?

Yes.

I will allow it.

Did you dream that song, or was it that one you actually...

I dreamed it just now.

I'll admit, I dozed off.

You're taking a bit of a catnap.

Yes, indeed.

You're a few years too late.

A bit of a cat snap.

Ah, memories.

All alone on the page.

We were having a conversation about this a few friends and I, as we were wanting to discuss your work.

A few friends ago.

But what is that about?

What is that show about?

The Cat Show?

Yes.

Yeah, what's it about?

It's based on Old Possum's book of practical casuals.

Yeah, but none of us can figure out the plot.

It's about how they all die, right?

Yes.

All cats die eventually.

They're all on their ninth life.

Okay.

And then what happens?

They all die during the show?

Yes.

One by one they die.

They go up to the, what's it called?

The great big tire?

The big tire?

The flying tire in the sky?

The heavy side layer?

Yes, the gigantic trash can in the sky.

Everyone, the cats start to die one by one.

Good.

And then they start to turn on each other.

You're the cat killer!

No, you're the cat killer.

And then they realize it's just old age?

Lock that garbage can!

Some cat in here is a cat killer!

So it's like Agatha Christie kind of thing?

Yes.

Ten little Indians, but cats.

And then there were none cats.

That's why there's a character named Catgatha Catscare.

Is that why?

Yes.

I've always wondered.

It's not a coincidence.

Oh, boy.

Um, I could just sit here and talk to you about musicals all day.

Yes!

Let's do it!

Ah, but unfortunately we have to take a break.

Oh!

So why don't we do that?

We will be right back with a little more Andrew Lloyd Web ber, right back with more Doug Benson, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Buh buh buh buh buh buh buh.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Doug Benson of podcast fame.

One of the kings of podcasting, we had established that earlier.

How does it feel to meet a king?

Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Lord Webber.

Well, you're just a lord.

Of course, I haven't met an English-speaking king in my lifetime.

And so even this faux broadcasting king is exciting to meet .

And then you have Lord Webber here, Lord Andrew Lloyd Web ber.

How does it feel for you?

That's exciting to me, yes.

It's a dream come true once again.

Now Doug, we've met a few times now.

Yes, and you're quite a, you downplayed to a certain degree , but you're quite a fan of the musical theater.

You've been to many, many movies.

Yes, I love your show Les Miserables.

Oh no.

That is not one of mine.

It feels like it should be.

Sometimes it feels that way to me.

Yeah, you should be in the program as like, should have been thought up by this guy.

You should have been thought up by this guy!

The end of a Journey song.

You a big fan of Journey?

Love them!

Your favorite?

Feelin' the sky, keep on turning.

Sorry to interrupt you while you were singing, but it felt more like I was joining in.

I wanted, of course, it's always a pleasure to sing with friends.

Or the people here.

What I love to do is imagine musicals based on Journey songs.

Oh great!

And don't stop believin'.

First of all, I love them using the vernacular.

Mmm, believe in, not believing.

Yes, believe in the positive affair.

It's a story song, don't you know, so most of the work is done.

She's just a small town girl.

She's living in a lonely world.

So obviously it's post-apocalypse.

She's on her last life.

She's also a cat.

She's a bit of a phantom cat.

Bit of a jellicle cat?

Yes, a bit of a phantom jellicle cat.

She's also a train.

On roller skates?

On roller skates.

Yeah.

And about to be crucified.

Yes, that's correct.

Have we talked about this before?

I feel like we have.

Maybe I was in your dream.

Perhaps so.

Oh, and Douglas, you were there as well?

Finally you're putting a spin on that Rock of Ages musical that we're tired of.

Oh, one of these jukebox musicals.

That's the, Don't Stop Believing is in it.

What?

And the, yeah.

The devil you say?

How dare they?

The girl, the lead girl character is, or no, it's, yeah, she called Cherry?

Is that, that's another Journey song, right?

I, Cherry is not a Journey song, it's a Steve Perry song.

Oh!

A fine line, love it, golden.

Settle down.

So yeah, so her name's not Cherry then.

Steve Perry, ex-customer of mine when I worked at Chinchin, would order all the sauces in huge bowls and then never use them.

He just liked the colors.

He wanted, normally you would give out a little, what do you call them?

Ramikin.

Ramikin or monkey, what do you call them, monkey tins?

I believe behind the kitchen doors they're called monkey t ins.

Monkey bowls, monkey bowls.

They can't be right, can they?

They call them monkey bowls.

It's been a long time since.

Not monkey tins, we call them monkey tins in the UK.

But you'd call them a monkey bowl.

What do you call them?

Okay, so anyway, but you, you.

I don't even know what you're talking about.

The real term is a ramikin.

A ramikin.

It's a small ceramic bowl.

For dipping sauces.

Finger bowl.

Vadacular.

Not like a finger bowl, Dougrett.

Please, head in the game, dear boy.

So we would, we would pass out these ramikins of different sauces.

Apricot sauce.

Apricot.

Chili sauce.

Chili.

Plum sauce.

Plum.

And Steve Perry would always say to me, hey, can you get, can you give this to me in a soup bowl?

Which is a giant amount of sauce.

And then he would use probably one thirty-second of the, what was in that bowl.

I can explain this.

Okay, great.

Yes.

Well, as you know, I'm very wealthy.

Oh, okay.

As is, I don't know if the ermine cape was a tip off.

Perhaps my topping hat.

Ah, yes.

Thank you for dressing up, by the way.

Well, this is just my everyday.

This is just how you dress, of course.

Well, you wouldn't want to see me dress up.

It would dazzle your eyes.

Ooh, I don't think I would be able to look at that.

Well, I'm wearing my full suit of armor.

Really?

That's a military dress?

For state occasions.

Okay.

Yes.

Opening night.

I'm asked to leave opening night of my own productions because I'm making so much noise.

Why don't you get some sort of an oil can or WD-40?

It's a capital idea.

Okay.

Take it up with my valet.

Anyway, back to what I was saying, the thing I'm interested in.

Being a wealthy person, I can understand what Steve Perry is doing, which is wasting food.

It's a wonderful pastime where...

Oh, that's what he's trying to do.

Yeah, yeah.

Show you that he could do that.

Yes, of course.

I will go to an American bar BQ restaurant and I will say ...

A bar BQ?

Yes.

I would like one of everything and also one of everything else and just lay it to the floor and circle around me like it's some Blair Witchings.

And then get me a separate trash bag for each piece of food .

Yes.

And then I waste the trash bag as well.

I just turn it inside out and throw it to the street.

That's right.

Well, guys, I could sit here and talk of bar BQs all day.

Oh, wonderful!

But how and ever...

What?

We're not going to do that?

We do have to get to the game.

Shall we play a game?

Sure.

He's using your cat phrase that you've appropriated from another film.

That's right.

Well, now I say, does anyone hunger for games?

Okay.

I haven't listened to the show in a while.

Because they don't say that in that movie.

Why don't they?

They might as well have.

Right?

An absurd film.

But it is time, of course, to play a little Would You Rather.

Why didn't Stanley Tucci say, does anyone hunger for games?

Then whip off a wig.

The Tooch!

And whip off his booch!

And eat some soup out of it.

We were talking about the Tooch before you got here.

The Tooch and the Booch.

That's weird, wondering when the Tooch got his booch.

That can't be what you already knew.

It was!

It was exactly what we were talking about.

Why do people listen to this?

I don't know!

Let's talk people into not listening anymore.

Hey guys, stop right here.

Everyone, please think about what you're doing.

Life is finite!

Don't you stop playing video games and stop listening to this podcast.

I'm one of the two!

Pick video games to continue doing.

It's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBYR, aka Comedy Bing, would you rather?

And don't send them to me personally or else they go on the Would You Rather pile.

But you'll still use them!

Scott Rick Weal still uses them!

No, no, no, no!

You can send them to him personally!

No, no, no.

They get put on the Would You Rather pile and I know there 's a lot of confusion because people think, oh, you put them on the pile of Would You Rather scenarios to use.

Right, right.

No, no, no, no.

Much like akin to a wood pile of like, oh, I'm putting wood on a wood pile because you're going to use that as firewood.

No!

This is a pile, I see where the confusion is, this is a pile of discarded Would You Rather scenarios.

Because if you send them to me, I put them on the pile of discarded Would You Rather scenarios.

What you want them to be is in the Would You Rather pit, so you send them to CBBYR.

Peter What he is saying is send them to either, either the Would You Rather twitter or his personal Scott Occamit twitter.

Scott I don't want to interrupt you, but you're saying the wrong thing!

Dan Smash!

Okay, so we all know then how this is played.

I will read the scenario that is sent to me out loud and then blah, blah, blah.

Okay, so this comes to us from Nate Smith, NateSmith42.

Peter Dismissive of your own.

Yeah, I don't, you didn't describe the part that involves me.

This comes to us from Nate Smith and Nate asks, Would you rather raise werewolves for meat or pets or fart audibly when you meet people volume directly related to person's importance in your life?

So would you rather raise werewolves for meat or pets or fart audibly when you meet people volume directly related to person's importance in your life ?

Read another one!

Has there, has anyone ever farted in a, in one of your productions?

Not that they've informed me of.

Isn't that how the skaters get around in Starlight Express?

I suppose human beings being what they are, it's bound to have happened.

But you've never written it in.

Oprah says you fart.

No, I haven't written it in.

Don't the cats fart to get to heaven?

Like isn't that how they're propelled at the end of the show?

This is a conversation you had earlier.

Oprah says you fart 12 times a day.

The average human being farts.

Alright, my question.

I haven't opened the floor for questions.

Okay, sorry.

How's it her business?

Yeah, why did she, how does she?

She's been hanging around us all.

What is she working with?

Gallop?

How does she know the average amount of farts?

Ah, boy.

Alright, I'm opening the floor, so go ahead and ask your question Doug.

Oh, um, yes.

This is so strange.

Andrew Lloyd Webber has not gotten the first question in.

I was never doing a distraction!

I can't sign because I have a question.

Yeah, you were on your phone!

This is terrible!

No, you didn't get your first question in!

This is terrible!

Doug got it in.

Your question might be my question, so just listen to mine.

Oh, how jabba that a serpent's tooth!

Wait, is this a ghost of you now?

That killed him!

I get a bit ghostly when I'm upset.

My question is...

Yes, sir.

Mr. Benson.

With regards to the volume of the farting.

Yes.

In, it's, you said it's according to the importance of the person in your life.

So a very important person would be a louder fart or a quieter one?

That is a great question.

And I am going to award it to louder.

So it's a really loud...

Okay, so the more you like the person, the louder you're going to fart.

Yeah.

Okay.

When you first meet them.

Yeah.

Oh, what do you mean?

You've never met them before?

Uh...

Or upon greeting each person each day?

You've never met them before.

It actually predicts the future of how important those people will be.

So you pay attention to your farts and you go, and if it's super loud, you're like, oh, I better hang out with this person.

This person's obviously very important to me.

And will be very important to me in my life in the future.

Yeah.

So you just stick with the people who...

Yeah.

If you're...

You had a massive blowout on first meeting.

You know that if it's quiet, you can ignore this person.

You kind of have to then go on to explain to them how important they're going to be in your life.

Yeah.

Because a lot of people want to get away from you.

They might be insulted.

Yeah.

I have a question.

Yes.

And Lord Weber, you don't seem to be enjoying this question .

This is the one episode you let down your hair, supposedly.

I didn't care for it.

I didn't care for letting down your hair?

I felt as if I was staring into the abyss and the abyss was staring back.

And this is the proof.

Just like Nietzsche pod.

Pod is dead.

Is that from Pocket Monsters?

What?

Pocket Monsters.

What?

Tamagotchi and the Pocket Monsters.

What?

I don't care for this, Vaudeville.

With the werewolves.

Yes.

Yes, sir.

You say, I'm raising them for meat or pets.

Yes, correct.

Is it my choice?

It's wherever the money is, basically.

You have a roadside attraction that says werewolves, meat or pets, and people come up and buy them for either pets or meat.

So they're not raised, the individual werewolves themselves are not raised specifically for one purpose or the other.

I'm raising them all the same and then it's up to the consumer whether to eat them or pet them.

And if they say, I'd like to eat this one, then you have to skin the werewolf right there in front of them and dress it.

Do I do this in front of the other werewolves?

Oh yes.

And they know.

They don't know whether they're being raised for pets or meat and then they get to find out their gruesome fate or the fate of others.

Are they in, if we are talking classic werewolves, are they in their werewolf-y will state when this is happening or are they human beings?

Aren't they going to be humans half the time?

The hours of a roadside stand being as such is you get most of your traffic during the day.

During the day, yes.

So yeah, they're in human form.

They're just people that you're selling for pets or meat.

Now does anyone ever question the veracity of my claims that these human beings are werewolves?

They may not in fact be werewolves.

No, no one ever questions it.

I'm enjoying this team up.

No one ever questions it because you have a werewolf license.

I think we're on the same page about a lot of things in life.

I dare say.

Dame Andrew.

But people constantly asking me to display my werewolf-y credentials to them.

Yes, you have not thought to put it in a frame and put it up there on the wall when people come to you.

So you're constantly having to dig out your credentials.

That's really the worst part of the job is constantly finding your credentials.

Where do I keep these credentials?

You keep them in the, that's the thing, in the last place you look.

So it's never the same place twice?

That's always the last place you look.

Is it ever upon my person?

Quite often it's upon your person and sometimes it's in your back pocket and you're like, oh I remember I wanted to look cool, it was in my back pocket and I...

Do I sometimes lose sales due to the fact it may take me a great deal of time to locate my credentials?

I think that you're losing future sales because people sometimes drive by the stand and go, I don't want to, you know, but no one's ever walked out on you in the middle of a sale.

Down to brass tacks, dear boy.

Alright, here we go.

Is this a successful business venture?

Lord Webber?

It's incredibly successful.

Is it?

People love to see you kill and skin these human being, c ume werewolves.

Now, cume, is it?

Is that the proper...

I don't believe so.

Okay.

Look it up on your phone.

Alright, here we go.

Phone names in a very forgiving mood.

It's the internet, my dear.

All sorts of things.

Um, um, um, uh, when I skin these...

First thing that came up was cumshot, by the way.

For the Wikipedia entry related to it.

We should call it cumshot from now on though.

Wait, okay.

It's classier.

Wiktionary is third and it's the, uh...

What about the dictionary?

Why don't you look it up in that place?

I just googled it and the Wikipedia entry for cumshot.

Don't you have a dictionary application on your smartphone?

I don't actually.

Well, I do because I'm a smart person.

Rhymes with um, so it's actually cum.

So it, okay, so I'm, I'm, I was giving it a, uh, I was giving it a, what I thought was the proper pronunciation, but actually it is just cum, but it's used in indicating a thing with two roles, functions, or natures.

Yes.

So I used it correctly, I just pronounced it incorrectly.

Yes, you did.

Okay.

Both of those...

Part of it is because I didn't want to say cum.

You know what I mean?

Because I felt like that was, that was not classy.

Yeah, it's, yeah, I could see how you would hesitate.

It's better to do it than to say it.

Yes, indeed.

Now, um, so do I enjoy, uh, skinning these, uh, people?

You they're like, um, well, isn't that, wouldn't you be more, wouldn't you know whether you'd enjoy that or not?

Yeah.

In this scenario, all things are possible, Doug.

That's true.

Am I me?

Are you you?

It's related to how you feel in the pre- in your current life, how you would feel skinning someone alive.

Oh, I see.

Yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't enjoy that.

And you?

I would enjoy it, yes.

Okay.

Here's why.

Uh, these are cursed creatures.

They are, uh, they are from, straight from the pit of hell.

Yep, they're demons.

They're demons.

Yeah.

Yes.

Within the bodies of both animal and man.

Demonic forces have taken over a human being, and I do apologize to human beings about, uh, it's me or you.

Wait, you or human beings?

Yes, that's correct.

Do you fancy yourself not to be a human being?

Yeah, I, this is, I feel it's boastful to say, but I feel like I'm a bit beyond that.

Okay, really?

Humanogy?

Yeah.

Will this endeavor stop werewolves from taking over the world?

Will it be effective in the limiting of werewolves?

No, because you sell so many for pets that they, they scatter across the globe, and within 22 years time, they've taken over the earth.

How are they as pets though?

Oh, they're the best.

Have you ever petted a werewolf?

Oh my god, they're so lovable.

Is the fur very coarse?

Yeah, they're two-cores.

It's like petting a shark.

That's why we call, I never thought of why we call them pets.

It's because we pet them.

Yes!

Finally!

Yes.

Finally, we got you to say it.

For whoever and I were wondering.

You've rumbled it, Douglas.

That's exactly what it is.

Um, now, now, now, now.

I was about to close the floor, but thank goodness you have another question.

In this scenario, the werewolves are...

You seem very fascinated with that half of the story.

Yes, don't I?

Are they still at war with vampires?

Of course they are.

As they are in the underworld films.

Of course they are.

My favorite series of films.

Twilight films as well.

What's that?

They are very, very, uh, still at war with, with vampires, and yet Van Helsing trumps them all.

He's at war with, with both species.

Made by Hugh Jackman.

Jackman.

Yes.

From the Broadway stage.

Yes, very talented.

Boy from Oz.

Dynamite performance.

Could have used a few more trains on roller skates.

For my money.

Farting away.

And propelling themselves.

I didn't see his one man show he did.

I didn't see that.

I didn't see it.

There were four people in it.

I was like, oh, he's just going to be in it?

Isn't that weird?

There were other people in it.

It was a bit of a lie.

He had four people in that show.

Strange.

Any other questions before I shut this down?

No, I think I've got it.

I have one more question.

Okay, one more?

You like me, don't you?

Ah, I like you.

All right.

All right, here we go.

Closing the floor for questions.

Here we go.

All right.

Uh, Doug Benson, how do you vote?

Do you like to raise the werewolves for meat or pets or fart audibly when you meet people predicting the future of your friendship with them?

I, that's just such a great shortcut to, to a successful, successful future.

I have to, I have to take the, the passing gas.

Is that a better way of saying it?

Having vapors?

Sir Lord?

Marginally.

So, and you would, I'm going for that.

Yeah.

You would just wander around meeting people.

I mean, just imagine the noise that would have came out of me when we first encountered each other.

Oh yeah, we were great friends.

It would have been, it would have been devastating for blocks.

It would have leveled Mr. Show.

That Mr. Show taping.

That's where we met Lord Weber.

He was like, I'm ruined.

Yes.

Sound problems on that episode.

Fun.

All right, Lord Weber, how do you like to vote?

I'm guessing the former werewolves.

Werewolves.

And why is that?

You know why.

I can't wait to skin them.

Cause they, they're going to just be people like when I do that.

Well let me tally up the points.

Uh, Doug, you voted correctly, so you are the winner.

Congratulations.

That's how we vote.

Congratulations, Doug Rudd, you are a worthy opponent if not a worthy human being.

Suck it, Lord. Don't get to say that enough.

Ugh. Alright guys, that is the end of our show. We just have the one last thing to do, and that is a little something we call plugs!

pluggityplug, puggityplug, puggityplug, puggityplug, pugg ityplug, puggityplug, puggityplug, puggityplug,so puggitypluuuuuuuugggggg- And plug.

That comes to us from Sorry Kansas. Sorry Kansas.

That was called puggityplug, puggityplug. If you have a plugs theme for the What's Up Hot Dog Memorial plug section , please send it to earwolf.com under the comedy bang bang message boards in the appropriate thread and you can be famous for a week.

And Sorry Kansas, you are famous for it this week! This week only. All right, Doug, what do you like to plug? Doug Plugs!

Dougityplug, puggityplug, puggityplug, puggityplug.

Ah, almost like music.

All of my dates are available for perusal at douglovesm ovies.com. All right, Doug loves...

Excuse me, movies.com. Oh my goodness. That got to me. I got emotional.

Just thinking about our friendship. Doug loves Excuse Me movies.

Any movies where people are polite when passing each other are Doug's favorites.

Lord Weber, what do you like to plug? I would like to plug the musical theater. Mmm, just in general? Support it.

Go out there, you know, it's a dying art form. Enjoy, but please I beg of you all, unwrap your lozenges and hard cand ies right now!

Before you buy tickets. Whenever you think of the musical theater, please do unwrap a lozenge or hard candy.

What do I like to plug? Who cares? I also want to plug of course the comedy bang bang TV show this Friday 10 p.m.

IFC. Please watch it. Watch it live. DVR it if you must, but watch it in three days.

All right. Now let's... Oh wait. No, there's one one last thing.

One last thing.

Donor George Martson. Hey George, thank you so much for donating $150.

Did he produce the Beersles?

The Beattles. The Beattle Grunge scene. He donated $150 to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much. Keeping the lights on here. You are great, George. Thank you so much. And that's it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Closing up the plug bag. Ding dong, ding dong, ding dong, ding dong, ding dong.

Closing up the plug bag. DING DONG, DING DONG, DING DONG, D ING DONG.

Brow.

That is Ken Marino with the closing of the plug bag theme.

Casey Wilson and bro remix.

And that's it guys. Great show. Thanks for dropping by, Doug.

Thank you, Scott.

Always a pleasure. Always a pleasure hanging out with you.

I'm sorry that it has to be on mic these days, but...

I know. We never have any off mic hanging time.

Let's, you know, grab the grunge.

Someday.

Call it what you will.

Sure. Lord Webber.

Scott Drake.

Always such a pleasure to see you.

May I say I appreciate your having me here and letting me drop by whenever I feel like.

Please come by again.

I will.

Alright.

Oh, I feel as if we're arguing.

I don't know why you would feel that way.

Well...

I'm just agreeing with you.

There's a certain tone that we've both adopted that seems very confrontational.

Alright, well I guess I'll see you next time on the show.

Well, I suppose you shall.

Alright, and Doug, maybe I'll see you sometime.

Not if I'm going to have to listen to all this fighting.

Alright, see you next week. Thanks. Bye bye.

♫ Heroes ♫ This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio. Boom. Dot. Com.

Ooh ooh ooh.

The wolf dead.
