First time on the show, co-host of The Nerdist Podcast and his own podcast, Jonah Ray is here with us for the first time.

Also our old friend Nick Thune returns.

Plus, a brand new person who has a very interesting business we're gonna hear all about.

All of that and more all on today's...

♪ A curse of endless breadsticks upon you, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. When you're here, you're family.

Thank you Don Balthazar for that catchphrase and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang indeed.

A special bibby bonus-ass-ass episode on Thursday and boy, weather report, partly cloudy but that haze is burned off.

And we're seeing some sunny days here so hopefully that helps you wherever you may be at whatever time you are experiencing this to know what the weather was like at this particular time.

This is Comedy Bang Bang for a Thursday episode and I have some great friends here with me.

I'm gonna introduce them because they're sitting here staring at me.

Of course we have... you know him from comedy.

If you love to laugh then you love him.

He also is part... he has his own podcast first of all, Jonah Radio.

He is one of the co-hosts of the Nerdist podcast on the Ner dist network of podcasts.

His name is Jonah Ray.

Hey!

First time on the show or... well, weren't you on the show before as a co-host?

This show?

Oh maybe, well...

No, no, you've never once asked me to be a part of your life.

Oh boy.

Well, here he is now for his first and only appearance.

I wonder if... I wonder if when you said Jonah Radio they were still wondering if it might have been like Cash or Neil Mahoney.

Yeah, really.

No, that'll never happen.

Love those guys.

Jonah, welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for being here and to your left and I guess he could be on my left or on my right going clockwise or counterclockwise.

He's directly across from me.

I'm in the six o'clock position.

He's in the 12 o'clock position.

The six o'clock position.

That's right.

He's been on the show several times, many more than Jonah.

Fan favorite, if you're a fan who likes what he does, and his name's Nick Thune.

Thank you.

Oh wow, thank you so much.

The bedraggled beard of Nick Thune.

Thank you guys.

What's happening here?

You have a giant beard now.

You're one of the...

I'm trying to cover a tattoo.

Oh.

On my back.

It's going to take me about six more months.

You're getting around to it.

I like it.

And Nick, you've been on the show several times and you're kind of one of these pretty boys of comedy.

Oh no, you're saying elusive?

You're like a good looking guy and here you are covering it up with a beard and I feel like there's got to be some reason behind it.

Your mother must be upset.

I'm hiding stuff, yeah.

You're just shooting something?

I'm hiding.

Yeah.

You're just shooting something?

What happened?

Uh-huh.

Um, I mean I was filming stuff earlier today in my backyard .

What kind of thing do you film in your backyard?

Branches.

It's not film.

I've got a...

I actually took an extension cord and ran it between two trees and there's birds have just been using it.

Like they think it's a branch.

Like they're idiots.

Oh man.

And I've been taking pictures of them doing that.

They're the idiots?

Yeah, they think it's a branch.

Yeah, they also hang out on wires that are up all over the city.

I think those are branches too.

Birds are dumb.

Yeah.

There's more of them than ever though if you look up there.

You know what I mean?

I saw a golden eagle.

What?

A golden eagle I saw two weeks ago.

Yeah.

Where?

In Canada.

Oh.

Is there more to the story because that can't be it?

Nope.

Oh boy.

If you saw it you'd know how amazing it was.

It wasn't a story it was just a thing you said.

Yeah.

You talking about birds?

I didn't talk about birds all day.

All right.

Bald eagles?

That's not talking about birds.

It's just naming a bird.

I wanted to talk about briefly Canada because I was just in Montreal.

Were you guys at the...

Yeah, Jonah, we of course hung out at the party together.

Got the flight out with my wife.

And were you there or?

I think that's the party I saw the golden eagle at actually .

But I wanted to talk about it because the comedy bang bang tour, we're going on tour and I talked about this a little on Monday show, but we are hitting 12 different cities and tickets are going fast on that.

But part of if you cannot get to one of the cities or maybe you are only going to go to one of the cities, you can follow us on tour via the internet because we're putting out the podcast portion of the show out as a subscription.

So you can pay $25 and get every episode of the podcast part of it sent to you in the morning.

But I wanted to talk about it because the Montreal shows that we recorded, you get those for free when you sign up.

So if you were to buy it today, you would get those sent to you immediately.

I feel like you're hard selling me and Jonah.

Yeah.

What I'm trying to say is guys, do you want to invest?

I'm okay.

I'm on board.

But I wanted to talk about it because you guys know these guys and you'll enjoy this.

But Todd Glass and Andy Kindler are on one of the Montreal episodes.

And I really want people to hear this one in particular because we come up with a song that I want people to start singing to Todd when they go see him live.

And he loves it by the way.

And you'll hear the episode, but we come up with a song and people sing it to him.

But Todd and Andy are both on the show with me.

And then I happened to see them the next day at the airport .

We all took the same flight.

And so we're just sitting there and Andy, all of a sudden these two like 12 year old girls come up to Andy and they say, excuse me.

And they recognize him because I guess he's on some children's show, the wizards of Waverly place.

Is that what it's called?

So he's on some children's shows.

So these 12 year old girls come up to him and they're like, excuse me, are you on the wizards of Waverly place?

And he's so nice.

He's like, oh my gosh, thank you so much.

Hi.

And you see Todd Glass and he's like stewing and he's like, it's tearing him apart.

You can tell, and Todd, by the way, at this point in the day has already been the center of attention several times.

He's gone up to the, uh, the person behind the desk and had them make an announcement that he won funniest person at the Montreal company festival and everyone like applauded him and stuff.

So he's, you can tell just him not being the center of attention.

He's killing him.

So these girls like walk away and then Todd disappears for a while and we forget all about it and then Todd comes back and we're all kind of talking and doing a lot of bits and all of a sudden these girls come up to Todd and they say, excuse me, are you Todd glass from Tosh.0?

And he's like, it makes a big deal out of what you recognize.

It turns out he had paid them $10 to come up and make this big scene.

And then they're like, can we take a picture with you?

And he says, well, okay, but pictures are $10.

Like I got to get my money back somehow.

Uh, anyway, so it was a, it was a really fun, uh, show.

And I think the live show that you, you get, uh, is very ev ocative of the fun that we had up there.

So I want to know, I want to see that moment where he had to find two girls, just a grown man, finding two girls and giving them money.

Yeah.

And then, well, it was the same girls.

So, and their parent and their mom was there and you know, so it was like, she knew that.

Yeah.

But I know what you mean if it was just two other random girls and him just like, I want to see him looking around the terminal for two other girls.

Hey, who wants $10 the easy way.

I also want to hear how nice he was when he presented it.

I mean, he had to come up not creepy in a whole bunch of ways.

Yeah.

Did you have fun, Jonah, at that festival?

I had a lot of fun.

It was kind of overwhelming cause I came straight from Comic-Con.

I was in Comic-Con from Wednesday night to Sunday morning.

A lot of spandex at both of these places.

Yes.

Cirque du Soleil-ish.

A lot of weird clowns.

Yeah.

Um, and it just, it was a bit much to go from doing a bunch of stuff at, uh, you know, Comic-Con then driving back to LA, washing the clothes I had just worn, uh, that week and then repacking them going and taking a red eye to Montreal.

But the shows were great.

We did a meltdown show.

We did an artist show.

Meltdown, uh, is the show for people who don't know that you do here in LA on Wednesday night?

Yeah.

Every Wednesday night at a Meltdown comics.

Uh, me and co.

Nick, you been on that show?

Yeah, about eight times.

Eight times?

You've been on it.

Throwing that number.

Yeah.

A lot of times.

Yeah.

And actually book September 4th.

I think that's a big time for people to come out.

Don't look at me for that shit.

Oh no, I'm proud of being on that show.

Oh great.

Yeah.

Yes.

No, you kill every time.

Yeah.

But yeah, me and Kumail Nanjiani hosted together.

Emily Gordon, his wife produces, and it's going to be on Comedy Central in a next year.

And how many episodes are you doing?

Uh, we're still, the deals are still being done.

Whoa.

A lot of deals happening.

Yeah.

Big time Hollywood deals.

Deal making.

Deal, uh, brandishing.

Lot of lunches.

Yeah.

I'm doing power, power lunches.

Have you tried a power lunch? It's a lot of protein.

Oh, okay.

Just a big steak?

Just a steak with a blue cheese.

Oh, great.

Yeah.

Fantastic.

Exactly.

And Lance Bangs does the show too, right?

Lance Bangs is going to be the director of the show, which is great.

And uh, my old buddy from Mr. Show, the EPK movie.

So that's great.

And then, uh, uh, Nick, what do you have going on?

You were just filming something.

I'm, what were you doing?

I just did my hour special.

Yeah.

Where's that?

Uh, I did it in Brooklyn, but now I'm just, I haven't edited it yet.

I haven't looked at it.

I'm kind of scared.

How long has it been since you shot it?

You haven't edited yet?

They've, no, they keep, they sent me a cut and I haven't looked at it.

He's like, why not?

I have a fear of it's not being good.

You know, like it's not good enough or whatever.

Well then just let him finish it up and it should be fine.

Yeah.

Well, Lance directed that too.

Yes.

And so he said that he would watch it with me.

So I'm waiting for him to come into town.

I feel like I need a father figure to help me through it.

I'll be that father figure.

Okay.

Put your tiny hand in mind.

Mm hmm.

I will.

I'll be your preacher, your teacher, anything you have in mind, quite frankly.

You've got a lot of skills.

Yeah.

Mainly the preacher.

I'd love to be, I'd love to kind of impart some religion to you.

Well, I'm looking for religion, right?

Are you really?

Which one?

I don't know.

I'm just kind of open.

Yeah.

You know, there's probably one for that.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm open to somebody to dazzle me.

Like if anybody, any religions out there want to really dazzle me.

Like a snazzy religion.

Yeah.

Just email me whatever the best and strongest, you know, sale.

Yeah.

But it could be any kind.

Anything.

Yeah.

What about a bidding war?

That would be great if there was a bidding war.

I could see that happening.

Yeah.

I could see it happening real quick.

Would it be stuff, would they bid stuff that like you can actually get now or would it just be stuff that happens after you're dead?

It'd be probably artifacts.

Yeah.

Current day artifacts.

They'd probably be given up.

Yeah.

What about an iPad?

Mm hmm.

Yeah.

If, if there were a religion that was like, look, everyone talks about what's going to happen to you after you die.

We're going to give you an iPad.

Anyone who becomes this religion gets an iPad.

Is that a mini or no full-size iPad.

Wouldn't everyone just switch over to that religion?

We're not going to tell you what's going to happen to you after you die.

That's for us to know and you to find out, but for now you get an iPad.

Yeah.

I think I'd rather switch.

I'd rather have a mini.

Really?

Yeah.

Okay.

We'll give you the choice.

Really?

Yeah.

Whoa.

Many.

You're selling the integrity of the entire religion now.

Great.

You know, we, we, we want to be an inclusive religion, you know?

Do you guys do any sort of, no minis, no mini profile, you guys do any profiling or anything?

Profiling, meaning, uh, uh, like if you have a big bushy beard, you're not allowed to.

Yeah.

We're just judging.

No, no judgment.

What?

Like having stupid glasses?

Yeah.

Some weird t-shirt that come at me.

You guys, he's wearing the shirt of his own.

I was trying to transition into a story.

Oh, I'm sorry about profiling.

Oh, let's hear it.

No, I, but I, you know, the whole Zimmerman trial, it's just been kind of, I don't know what you're talking about.

No, but I was on vacation recently with my in-laws and the trial just ended.

So I was talking about in the car, which, you know, is like always a bad idea.

And, um, an aunt that's an in-law goes, you know what though?

I know what profiling is like.

She's got blonde hair.

She lives in Medina, which is Bill Gates neighborhood in Bellevue.

So it used to be a part of Bellevue, Washington, but because there's so much money, they had to change it to the small, just rich women and people, mostly women.

And, uh, they're all driving around like black Volvo's blonde hair, like wealthy.

And she goes, you know, cause she drives a Volvo, she's got blonde hair.

And she's like, the other day, a black gentleman in a limo, waved me down on the side of the road.

And I was like, well, you know, what's going on?

And he came over and said, Hey, I just dropped off the pictures at your house.

I got to run back to the store real quick.

Um, so I'll see you when I get back.

And then he walked away and I was just like, he thought that I was a different blonde lady in a Volvo.

Wow.

So I get that case.

And I was just like, when's vacation over?

What a horrible person she is.

Is she going to listen to this?

She doesn't know.

Yeah, she will.

Okay, good.

You can't tell if it's going to be her or not.

Yeah.

So that night that we watched 42.

The baseball movie with Harrison Ford, uh, full on in racist mode.

Yeah.

What'd you think?

He's so not racist in it.

Harrison.

Oh, really?

It's the other guy.

The other guy.

So Harrison Ford is never racist in this movie.

I mean, I can't say he didn't have any racist motives.

Yeah.

Well, he had a, he had a moment.

I see him as a racist.

I do.

You haven't seen Indiana Jones?

Oh, he's racist in that.

Yeah.

He hated the dark guys.

Had to release the kids.

Yeah, that's right.

Good for him.

He did good in 42.

I thought.

Okay.

I like any baseball movie.

If you just any movie, if you just throw in a shot of a guy in slow motion, like getting a home run, I just start to tear up and go, dad, have you seen the, um, you know, the perfect game with Kevin Costner?

Yes.

So you seen that Scott?

I don't know what that is.

The movie is all about him throwing the perfect game, but it all, it's just a buildup.

It's all one game, but in the end it's just one pitch and it's over.

And I love the movie just going to have baseball movies and always cry, but I turned it on two weeks ago to the moment that he's taking the sign for what the pitch is.

So I didn't see any backstory, nothing to build me up.

Right.

He throws the one pitch and I started crying immediately.

They cut to his daughter crying.

They cut to his girlfriend at the airport bar.

I mean, it was just like, most movies should be like that where you literally come in, it's two minutes long.

You see the final thing that makes you cry.

The end.

I cried at the end of a swing vote.

I was on a plane.

Just because swing is something you do in baseball.

No, no, this was just.

That's how bad it is.

I just, when I think of you vote on the MVP as well.

That's true.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, that takes us to our first break.

We're broing out.

This is a bro out Joe, by the way, just guys being guys, just guys being guys.

And the, you know, this is where we're going to play how, how you weigh a little later.

Okay.

And, uh, let's take our first break.

When we come back, we'll have more of this bonus episode of comedy bang bang right after this comedy bang bang.

We're back with Jonah Ray.

Hello.

Are you Jimmy Ray?

No, you're Jonah Ray.

Indeed.

And Nick Thune.

Thank you.

Are you Jimmy Thune?

Nope.

I don't buy anything.

Yeah.

And guys, I know we were going to bro out here, but I actually scheduled a guest that I forgot about and he just walked in.

Is it cool if we do a four man bro out?

I don't know.

I was really getting, looking forward to talking about boobs and butts and vaginas.

I mean, you know, I'm willing to hear for a good 20 seconds what you think about boobs and butts.

Oh, well, okay.

First thing when it comes to boobs and butts, love them.

The boobs I like a little better cause there's two.

Well, there's two butt cheeks though.

Yeah, but there's no excuse, but they're more combined than anything else.

And what comes between them is not as to my liking.

But the boobs are fun because you can just kind of see how big they are at any time.

Why would, why did they, why did they single the boobs out?

What if, what if, okay, here's a guy that's right.

And your boobs, why isn't it just boob, your boob, your butt.

Here's a question, if your butthole was in between your boobs instead of in between your butt cheeks, would you like butt cheeks more?

I probably would.

It'd probably make butt cheeks even that much better.

You know what I mean?

Like you probably wouldn't want a motorboat anymore for fear of, I mean the lake, the lake's going to get a little dirty.

I'm not against that.

A little Mississippi mud.

All right, but we do have to introduce, who just walked in?

Well, we have to introduce our next guest.

I forgot I booked him.

We have a, this is part of the problem with having an open door policy is I run into people and our booking agent just tends to book people and just put them on the show.

And that's, I don't know anything about this person other than you have a kiosk.

Hello.

Hi.

I can sit here.

I can sit down here.

Yeah, no, please.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Hello.

You have a kiosk in Eagle Rock.

Eagle Rock Plaza.

It is Eagle Rock Plaza.

There's a Target there and then a seafood city and the Gold ilocks.

You've been there?

Yeah, there's a Chuck E Cheese in that one too.

There's a Chuck E Cheese upstairs and a Macy's.

There's all of these things.

But what I have there is this kiosk.

Thank you.

Your booking guy said I can come here and talk about it.

Tito Ben is your name.

Yes, Tito.

Like uncle.

I'm uncle Ben.

Oh, okay.

That is a Filipino poor uncle.

Tito is Filipino poor uncle.

Tito.

Tito Ben, yes.

So your name is Ben?

Ben, yes.

Should we call you Ben?

You can call me Tito.

I can be your uncle today.

Yes.

Are you from the Philippines?

Yes.

My friend.

I'm from Baguio City.

Have you been?

I've been to Manila.

You've been to Manila?

Nick, you've been to Manila?

Yeah.

With your beard?

Yeah.

All of you?

We all went.

Who's me?

Who's you?

I'm just a guy who likes to have a good time.

Uh-huh.

But did you go with that weird blonde aunt?

No.

No, no.

No.

I went there to work with children.

Oh my God.

How many children?

I think I maybe worked with about 80 of them.

At once?

Yeah.

Took them all on.

Tito, how long have you been been here in America?

I've been here for 15 years now.

And the reason I have your booking guy here is because I run a kiosk called Filipino Blockbuster.

Right in the middle of the Eagle Rock Plaza.

Okay.

Filipino.

Filipino Blockbuster.

You have Blockbuster here, yeah?

Well, yeah.

Not so much anymore.

Oh yeah.

But it's a video store?

Uh-huh.

Okay.

The problem is the people that come and borrow movies from me, they...

Rent.

Recall rent here.

Yeah.

Okay.

Do you charge people?

Yes.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah.

They borrow the movies and then they bring it for a week and then bring it back to the kiosk.

Yeah, the next ride, it's called Rent.

And then rent it.

Rent it, borrow...

It's...

They take it out.

I knew what he...

You guys are being...

Yeah.

Honestly, you guys are being a little rude.

Thank you.

Like, I knew what he meant.

Yeah.

Just because he has a different...

I'm trying to help him out.

Yeah, I just...

It didn't seem like that to me, to be honest.

I put it there.

The sign says, borrow, borrow for a week.

How did you take it?

Do you think these guys are being rude to you?

They are trying to explain something.

I mean, Nick has been to the Philippines, so he knows.

Maybe he's trying to take me on an adventure now with words .

Okay.

I don't know, but I got guys try to be a little nicer.

I'm sorry.

No, I wasn't sure because if I live near Iqaluac and if there was a place where I could just go and get like, you know, borrow a movie from somebody for free, I would do that.

Oh, I see.

No, you have to pay money.

But the problem is if you borrow it, I have to give you the ...

What is that precursor?

Is that what you call it?

Yeah.

People give you some rules before you start to borrow.

The movies I have are not what...

Even though it says The Avengers, it is not the Avengers you want to see with Robert Downey Jr.

and the Mark Rapallo and what is his name?

Samuel L. Jackson or...

Cobie Smulders?

Yeah.

Cobie Smulders.

Chris Hemsworth.

Yes.

All of these people are not in... Because he's a Filipino blockbuster, I make the movies myself.

Oh.

So that Avengers you see, I still have the Hulk inside a bit.

I still have the Iron Man inside a bit.

I still have Captain America.

But it is not played by the actors you want.

So when you come back and you complain, I'm just letting you know.

That is why I'm coming here today.

So your listeners will know if they come to my...

I get it.

Do you use the same covers as the originals?

Yes.

So you are aware of the movie.

That's probably the big...

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, I cannot...

But here's my question.

You're getting a lot of complaints.

Yes.

So...

They came back to me and they said, this is not the blind side I wanted to see.

I cried during the blind side, actually.

Yeah.

Mine?

I haven't seen yours.

Oh, okay.

But my question is, why not just get the blind side then?

Because I cannot afford those ones.

But you can afford to make your own movies?

Yes.

What are you making them on?

So where are you finding the covers?

That's the thing.

Is these somehow have the covers?

Oh yeah.

I print them out from the...

Xeroxing?

Yeah.

From the ad.

Yes.

I go to IMDB.

I find out what is the highest on IMDB or Box office Mojo.

I found that place.

I mean, you know a lot about the business.

Yeah.

So then I just...

You know, I cut and paste.

You say HP, Intel inside HP.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

And I take the image and put it onto my desktop.

Okay.

We're getting really specific about this.

I was wondering, how big is your library?

And can people make requests?

People...

You know, I have never had a request yet.

That is an adventure I'm willing to go on.

Okay.

Have you ever had somebody...

Human centipede.

Yeah.

I don't have that one yet.

What is this one?

Is this the one sewing in the sewing?

Sure.

Somebody sewing?

There's a little bit of sewing.

Yeah.

That's a weird thing to pick out from it.

You're sewing one person to another person?

Sewing in sewing?

Yeah, exactly.

It's like a sweater.

It's like a wreath?

Is it like a wreath?

A little bit.

Yeah.

So if you were to make a human centipede, you'd reenact it?

Or do you watch the original movie first?

Yes.

I will watch a pirated version of the movie.

Why don't you just sell the pirated version of the movie?

I feel bad.

I feel bad about that one because I know I'm not legally watching it myself.

So I do that on the internet.

I go to this website that I have the pirated.

I watch it in three parts.

It is almost broken up in acts.

Sometimes it is not.

I watch the first part and I'm like, I wouldn't end an act here.

But I understand that that's how long.

I don't think people are making movies in order to fit on YouTube in three parts these days.

But that's how I watch this.

That's why also every once in a while if you watch the movies that I make, you can tell which ones are from the internet that I watched it because I take the same breaks.

What's your top borrowed movie?

The top borrowed right now is, I would say it is The Conj uring.

The Conjuring.

Wow, that just came out in the news.

No, we just made it this week and it is going crazy.

Describe how you do The Conjuring then.

Okay.

Spoilers for people who haven't seen The Conjuring.

But it's a scary movie.

Yeah, go to the theaters.

If you want or come to the Kiosk Filipino Blockbuster in the Eagle Rock Plaza.

But if you do come to me, I will tell you what the movie is .

This comes when people rent the movies from you, you tell them what the movie is about.

I give them a little insight.

Is that right?

So maybe some people are coming in there right now and thinking, Oh my God, they've got The Conjuring.

Yeah.

Seriously.

And they take it home.

They take it home and I play, I usually play the lead.

So I am playing Patrick Wilson in this one.

And I start with a Chicago accent like he does and then stops.

Let's do it.

Yeah, I can.

I do it just like him.

You're being really judgmental about accents for a guy with ...

All right.

So I start.

Let's hear your Chicago accent that you quickly imagine.

I start it like this.

I want hot dog.

I want a hot dog with lettuce and tomatoes and a pickle.

And then I abandon that one and go into it.

So that's as far as that line even in the movie?

No, but that's why people assume it's going to be line per line, but it is not.

It is just your feeling of what you hear.

Yes, but it is still that movie.

So every once in a while in that movie, you will see a house that is in danger.

And then people playing hide and go seek.

I'm very inspired by you.

Thank you.

Filmmaker.

Have you had to deal with any legal ramifications from your store?

Not really because it is a take.

I always say...

Fair use.

It is fair use.

It's protected.

And it's usually only about 30 to 40 minutes.

Oh, that's all you can really shorten them up.

Yeah, but that's the thing is I don't think movies need to be as long as they are.

You know what I mean?

Like, it seems like you're distilling it down to its essence anyway.

Yes.

I think they should be like music video length.

Yeah.

What if you were doing that movie about the perfect game?

You know, how long would that be?

You just want to see that pitch.

Yeah, that's all you want to see.

A baseball movie?

Yeah.

Okay.

I would probably...

You know, to be honest, to save money, I'll just bring in a camera to a baseball game.

Oh, and just film that baseball game?

And then the game...

But it probably wouldn't be a no-hitter.

Yeah.

But on one of the pitches that he's swinging a miss, I'll turn the camera on me and go, oh my god.

No-hitter?

This one was perfect.

Where did you learn how to make movies?

Just by watching all of the other movies.

Okay.

So whatever is already happening, I try to do the same shot , shot for shot.

Yeah.

You know?

What do you film on?

I have a little VHS camera.

VHS?

Yeah.

Is that the format that you have to borrow as well?

Yeah.

It's a VHS borrowing, renting, you said, right?

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

I was just trying to...

No, it's okay.

But it is VHS because I have to do all of the work on the camera.

So you edit...

As I'm doing it.

As you're doing it.

So you shoot in sequence.

And then as soon as I'm done, I take the little tab off and it's finished.

Movie is finished.

I feel like more directors should work like that.

Take the tab off, guys.

Stop tinkering.

Don't go back.

So no editing.

Come on, James Cameron.

I edit in the moment.

So I know it's not a good take.

Then I do another take.

Like personally though, what are your favorite movies?

Like, do you have like a favorite actor or movie?

I love Gary Oldman.

Yeah.

What's your favorite Gary Oldman movie?

I'm surprised.

Surprise.

He is great in Immortal Beloved.

He is playing Beethoven.

Yes.

It's almost like he cannot hear.

He does it so good in that whole movie.

He puts his head on the piano.

And at one point, someone goes, hey, Beethoven.

And he totally doesn't react.

He doesn't look.

It is like he is really deaf.

So I tried to make that movie, but it never came together.

Do you hope to make real movies?

Scott, those are real movies.

They've already been out and people, if they like it, they would think that they are real already.

Have you ever not received a complaint?

Once.

Once recently, there was a man who just keeps borrowing and borrowing these movies.

A different movie or the same one?

No, different movies.

He likes the way that I'm shooting.

He likes my take.

Have you spoken to him about this?

He almost walks to me every time.

He walks to me and he goes, thank you.

I want another movie.

And he seems so happy.

I don't question him.

Are you sure he knows what the movies are supposed to be?

I don't know.

I don't ask.

He seems so happy.

How much do you rent him for?

It is only $2 per week.

That's pretty good.

So he gets a whole week too.

Yeah, you get a whole week just because there's some times where you don't have a full 40 minutes or 30 minutes to sit down.

So you need like five minutes, then take a break.

Are you officially sanctioned by Blockbuster or even the Eagle Rock Plaza?

Yes, Eagle Rock Plaza I am because if you go to my kiosk, one side is my movies.

The other side is the karaoke.

OK.

So it's a half and half business?

Yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Peter Peter Blockbuster is also where you can get the kara oke microphones that I said.

Like a Pizza Hut Taco Bell.

Yes, you have both of those things.

In one.

Yeah.

That's an adventure.

So what side of your business is more popular, the karaoke or the Blockbuster?

The karaoke side is more popular.

Oh, I can imagine.

I mean, like you're not giving your customers what they want on the Blockbuster.

I am giving them if they want a movie that satisfies them for 40 minutes.

Yeah, but I mean, what do you sell on the karaoke?

You sell microphones, you said?

Microphones that have the songs inside of them or there's a little microchip that you can slide in.

It's an SD card.

Oh, I see.

Okay, so the songs are pre-programmed into this microphone.

Yes, the SD card I put into my HP Intel Inside.

And then I dropped you.

Okay, we don't need to be this specific about them.

Yeah, you seem to be promoting those companies.

But it is the good companies that always have been the top companies for computers and Intel Inside.

Yeah, so you have a reputable business.

Yes, but then if you want any of the modern songs now, until I can get the backing tracks, I just do them myself.

What?

So I sing...

So you're doing the same thing?

It's not the same because it's me singing.

It is not me videotaping.

It is me using the HP Intel Inside services.

Wait, you start by saying HP Intel Inside and then you sing the song?

And then I sing the song.

But I sing backing track and then I use this recent and Pro Tools to make...

Professional tools.

Yes, to make the tracks.

So you're layering your voices and stuff like that?

Yes, so I can do the backing tracks as well.

Can you do one right now?

Yeah, I'd love to hear one.

So I will do it for...

Give me a karaoke song.

Hero Enrique Iglesias.

Hero.

Baby.

Forever.

But the way...

So I do the echo part.

You're just doing the voices?

But that's towards the end of the song.

You know, if you come every Tuesday, I host a karaoke night and I will back you up.

Where do you do that?

Where do you host the karaoke?

Across the street there's this car wash.

Okay.

And after hours they open up the wash.

Oh, and how's it going?

Good, good.

A couple of people singing the same songs.

A lot of...

You know, I want to set you up.

How do you...

Let's hear the background to that one.

Yeah.

Feel real good.

Wake up.

Don't you do you up?

We drop you up.

And then it's mostly them.

Oh, okay.

Then they take over.

Yeah.

You are good, man.

It's almost like you got like a track in your head.

Well, that one has been done so many times.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Wow.

That's cool.

This is fascinating.

Yeah.

We're going to take a break, but maybe you'd like to sing us another song as we go into break.

Okay.

Do you know any Rolling Stones?

Will, Willson Phillips, hold on.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, that's a great idea.

All right.

So let's go to break.

And this is Tifto Ben singing Willson Phillips.

Ooh, why are you got the pinch change?

Oh, baby.

Pass you by.

Oh, oh, oh, goodbye.

Did you know?

Nino day for one more day, we'll be back comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Jonah Ray.

First timer.

Yeah.

How am I doing?

Doing great.

Yeah.

Man.

Yeah.

I was really nervous.

Lock it in nervous.

Yeah.

I was nervous.

You've been friends for so long and then I've never been on it.

And then I just, I had a feeling I might fuck it up.

No, you're doing great.

Oh, that's great.

Nick Thune.

How are you doing?

A lot of good buzz about how I've been doing so far.

Yeah.

Out there on the Twitter sphere.

Just text wise from sound guy.

Really from sound guy.

He's been texting me.

You're doing the best.

Hey, well, if you had my number, would you have been texting me as well?

Yes, of course.

Okay.

I give engineer bread everyone's number so he can encourage people with texts.

So I didn't, I don't think I saw anything.

Maybe it's just a service issue.

Yeah.

Did you get that Amber alert last night?

Everyone did.

And it was for a city three hours away.

Yeah.

You can turn those off in your phone, by the way.

Found that out.

Yeah.

So did I.

Everyone found out they had it and had to turn it off within minutes.

I turned them up.

You turned them up.

Yeah.

You want to hear about those alerts from all over the nation.

Yeah.

I want to hear anything just on the off chance that I can help at all.

Yeah.

Mostly because I had an ex-girlfriend named Amber.

Oh, okay.

And you think it might be her contact at you?

Or it might be her kidnapped.

Things were unclear last night.

Yeah.

Oh, Hey, we're never going to get to the bottom of this.

Well guys, there, uh, it's time for us to play one of our favorite features here on the show.

It's time to play a little game.

We call would you rather.

Wow.

Can I borrow that sound?

If you did, what would you do with it?

You would just imitate it.

No, I will use it.

I get to make, um, people, this one person asked, um, if I would make Camelot.

Oh, Oh, the movie Camelot.

People request movies.

That has been the only request.

Well, you said there was only one guy who has ever not complained.

Is it the guy?

No, it was, it was another person who said, they did complain, but then they said, yeah, this is not the blind side.

Maybe if you had Camelot, I'd come back.

So I was like, Oh, maybe I have to do Camelot.

How long ago was that?

It's been almost a year because I cannot find the torrent.

Oh yeah.

That's a tough one.

Yeah.

It's an older movie.

Yeah.

Maybe it just doesn't, it's not compatible with my Intel.

When you're the HP Intel.

Yeah.

All right guys, we all know how this is played.

People send me, would you rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBB W Y R comedy, Bing bong, would you rather?

And, uh, I will read them out loud.

I'll open the floor for questions.

You're free to ask any question about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice at a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning regarding that.

You'll have to vote spur of the moment vote.

Just whatever sounds good to you.

We'll tally up the points.

We will then assign a winner.

It's that easy.

And this comes to us from Kenneth Leeming, AKA at King K emen.

Kevin, uh, Kenneth asks, would you rather have a private jet you can't fly or have to wear a sorcerer Mickey costume at work?

Private jet.

You can't fly.

You can still use it to hang out in Jonah.

Your inexperience on this show is showing you voted early.

I haven't even opened the floor.

Automatic disqualification for the entire game or just the entire game.

Sorry, my friend.

Sorry.

New rules by Bill Maher.

Yeah.

Buddy you're out of it.

And you also name for that reason.

You cannot.

Yep.

I wrote down Jonah and then I crossed it out.

You are out of the game.

My friend.

Just dry erasing.

I have to be a little hard line about this.

We've had some trouble with would you rather recently?

It's my first time.

What were you expecting?

I clearly explained the rules.

Did you?

Were you not listening?

I did it right.

And you nodded your head the whole time.

This is what drives me crazy.

You're nodding your head.

Yes, I understand.

And then a flagrant flagrant violation of the rules right off the bat.

I'm afraid I'm going to have to be hard line about this.

No more.

I got lost in your eyes.

No more.

I got lost in your eyes.

I'm sorry, but I have to.

Yes.

On Jonah's behalf, I do want to say that a lot of times you have to repeat rules to him twice the first time he's heard them.

Nope.

No more.

Jonah, you're out.

Scott, I plead upon you as a friend for over 10 years.

Nope.

Sorry.

A friendly acquaintance.

This is between Tito Ben.

Can you say his name?

Can I ask?

Jon, I'm going to have to ask that you remain yourself?

Remand?

Remand.

Remand yourself.

Reprimand myself?

Remand yourself.

All right.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Yes.

Tito.

If I already wear the sorcerer outfit to work.

You do?

Is that a valid choice?

Do you?

Every Thursday.

Every Thursday?

Have you reenacted Fantasia?

I never that one, but I...

Why are you wearing the outfit?

For Harry Potter.

I could not find the right Harry Potter outfit.

Oh, you couldn't find Harry Potter.

But I found the magician.

Where did you find the Sorcerer Mickey outfit?

Oh, Disneyland.

It's close.

Wait, did you steal it off a Sorcerer Mickey, one of the characters who works there?

Well, you can't steal it off one of the, you know, Mickey Mouse, but one of the people that was working there, I asked where they got theirs and then asked for theirs.

So you said, where'd you get this?

And they said, oh yeah, they gave this to me because I work here.

And you said, I'm taking yours.

I'll take yours.

And then I gave them one movie.

You gave them a movie?

Yeah.

It sounds to me like you forcibly tore this costume off someone and then threw one of your movies at them.

I can only do what I do, Scott.

Okay.

So...

So I am accurate.

You're...

I mean, you understand where I have a business and I needed to play Harry Potter.

Okay.

I understand.

And how did you do all eight movies?

I, uh, there's eight movies.

How far behind are you?

How many have you done?

Oh my God.

I only saw the first one.

Oh yeah.

There's many more.

Oh my God.

I have a lot of work to do.

Then Thursdays, this is a new announcement for the show.

Thursdays we will be closed.

Awesome.

Because you're going to be...

Because I have to shoot every Thursday if I'm going to be wearing the outfit anyway.

Okay.

Yeah.

So I have to take advantage.

Okay.

Good.

Have a good day.

Yeah.

Good for you.

All right, Nick, do you have a question?

Is there a crew that's working at all times on the flight on the jet?

Yes.

You have to staff a full crew, uh, FAA regulations.

I have to pay for them?

Oh yeah.

You own the jet.

Who else is going to pay for...

Nick, who else is going to pay for these people?

I don't know, but I don't like that.

I don't like the sound of that.

Well, it's a big, big, uh, source of...

But can I still have free drinks though, even if I'm paying for the drinks in the first place?

Oh yeah.

They have to keep track of them.

All right.

But yeah, you get the free drinks.

You're paying for them.

Yeah.

So it's not really free.

But they give them to you.

Yeah.

You're able to sit on the plane anytime you want.

You just can never take off in it.

All right.

Yeah.

Has the plane ever been off the ground?

Great question.

It was once.

What happened?

Yeah.

You fell asleep and someone stole the plane and took off, hijacked it, and you woke up in Bolivia.

Oh, that sounds nice.

Yeah.

The only place you've ever been.

So now the plane's stuck in Bolivia?

Yeah.

Now you're stuck in Bolivia.

So you have to live in Bolivia with this plane?

Yeah.

Unless until someone steals it again.

Jonah, I know you want to ask a question.

I'm sorry.

No, no, I'm just enjoying the show.

My own personal lie of Comedy Bang Bang.

If you were to ask a question, what would you ask?

Because it sounded to me like you already made your choice.

It did.

I was so excited.

You're so excited to make a choice.

Yeah, it did.

But there's so much more to it.

I know.

If you were to ask a question, and you're not allowed to, but what would it be?

Are we allowed to turn the plane into a nightclub and so we can pay for itself?

Karaoke.

Great question I cannot answer because you are not allowed to ask it.

That's one of the best questions I've ever heard, maybe.

In a would you rather.

Wow.

I'm going to go back to the wording of the actual, you own the plane and you can't fly it?

You can't fly it.

Yes, correct.

Can I hire a pilot to fly it?

That's maybe one of the best questions I've ever heard.

No, you're out of money.

You don't have enough money to pay.

What if I get a pilot that's going to go pro bono?

For free?

Like the pilot of that U2 plane, the U2 360 plane?

Is there a pilot that will do?

If there is a pilot.

He hates the edge.

Do you know one?

Do you know a pilot who will fly for free?

Because if you do, I need to make on air.

That's one of those movies that I've never been able to make, but if there is one of these pilots, maybe you guys can help each other out here.

Jonah, do you have another question you would have asked?

Does the sorcerer's outfit contain any magical properties?

Oh my God, that's such a good question.

Oh God, too bad.

Too bad.

I need the answer to that one.

You can ask it.

Oh, that is the sorcerer's outfit have magic.

Magical properties.

Properties inside.

I've closed the floor for questions.

So sorry guys, we're going to have to vote.

Nick Thune, how do you like to vote?

I like to vote a lot.

Sure.

Rock the vote.

Mm-hmm.

But this time I'm going to go with jet plane.

This time you're going jet plane.

Why so?

I've always wanted to have my own jet plane.

I don't mind Bolivia if I'm stuck down there for a while.

I think I can make it work.

And yeah, I just like the idea to have my own plane.

You just like that as a status symbol.

Yeah.

Even though you're trapped there, you are renting it out as a nightclub.

Bolivia just made weed legal.

Whoa.

It's the only place you can just walk into a store and buy it for like, you know, like Amsterdam.

Kind of wait, but you just said it's the only place and then you said it's like Amsterdam.

Kind of.

Um, did I answer right?

Yes, we'll find out.

My butt is for the plane because my butt.

Oh, okay.

God.

Sorry.

Who's being an asshole?

That I truly thought he said his butt is on a plane.

You were talking about votes.

You know what he said.

Well, if I was to get the plane, my butt would be on the plane to make my movie.

See, he knows what I'm saying.

Because I am making a couple movies.

That's why I'd get, I already have the sorcerer outfit.

And since we couldn't answer the last question.

Ah, wow.

Well, you know, your sorcerer Mickey costume, it has the magical powers that you could wish for any prop that you ever want, including a plane.

So.

Oh my God.

I was wrong.

Yeah.

Unfortunately you voted incorrectly for what you want.

And, uh, Nick, that means you're our winner because you voted just as merely a status symbol.

All you care about is, is riches and how you look to other people.

And you voted for weed to be legal in the only place in the world that it is legal other than Amsterdam.

Similar to similar to, yeah.

So congratulate and Jonah, of course you were out of it right from the get go.

Yeah.

But I still, I still made my mark.

You, you did.

I mean, you know, you played well.

If you were playing, but you were not playing.

So you did not play well.

Some, some questions that helped gave us some insight into what the possibilities are.

I died, but I was your guardian angel.

Yeah.

And that is how we play.

Would you rather?

Yup.

Jonah, I hate to see someone go out like that.

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

Do you want to know what happened?

I do.

I, uh, I got, I, I just started staring at all the signatures on the table and I completely just blanked out.

Yeah.

Didn't listen to the rules.

And then like I came in right at the end where you're like ready to play.

Yeah, that happens.

That happens.

This is okay.

You got to keep your head in the game next time.

I'm used to like street rules.

Would you rather?

You know, I didn't know there was going to be an order to it.

Well, that's because you weren't listening.

Yes, exactly.

That's always been my problem.

How has that affected your life just in general?

What's that?

Yeah.

All right.

So, uh, guys, there's a one thing left to do on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, yeah.

Pluggy plugs.

It's time for pluggy plugs.

Dick sucking motherfucking harmonies profanities and pluggy plugs.

It's time for plugs.

Oh, I don't know how I feel about that.

Can I borrow just the bassoon sound?

I just want to isolate that engineer Brett.

If we can just isolate the bassoon.

I need it because I need to make Mr.

Holland's op-ed.

Oh God.

I want to be in that.

Can I play the deaf guy?

Yes.

By the way, I want to say thanks to Chris and the T's for that plugs theme.

Pluggy plugs.

A lot of cursing on that.

What do you guys think about Nick?

What do you think about cursing?

Um, I don't really stand for it.

Yeah.

You don't like it, huh?

No.

What's the worst word you've ever said?

Gosh.

I mean, I guess I would say the Lord's name in vain.

That's a bad one.

The phrase, the Lord's name in vain.

Yeah.

That's pretty, that's pretty brutal.

What if I told you there was a religion where you could do that and I gave you an iPad?

Mini?

Mini.

Yeah.

You kidding me?

No religion of minds.

Do you have to go to church?

You do have to go to church seven days a week.

Whoa.

Actually, I don't know.

Is it the Apple store?

Yes.

Okay.

You and maybe you're working at the genius bar.

And are we, are you trying to hire me for a job?

Look, I own an Apple store at the Sherman Oaks Galleria.

Okay.

I'm looking for employees.

It's kind of a religion in one way.

So anyway, we're in the middle of plugs.

Jonah, what do you have to plug?

Um, um, I, uh, I do a show every Wednesday, uh, at Meltdown comics with Camille Nonjiani.

Uh, we are turned into a show next year and also a film that I was involved with, uh, slightly.

Um, I, I'm getting, I'm helping it get distributed.

It comes out, um, October 8th on VOD, October 11th in theaters.

It's called, uh, Zero Charisma.

It's a really, really good movie out of these people, uh, from Austin.

It's basically the, uh, it's like Brian Pussehn, the movie.

It's about this metal head, uh, D and D guy that, uh, that kind of like can't handle it when things in his life don't go the way he wants.

And that's, uh, you, you, or Nerdist is presenting that.

Is that what that is?

Yeah.

Um, I, uh, they didn't have distribution, so I, uh, I worked with, uh, the guys over at Nerdist Industries to, uh, to like take it to, um, yeah, I think Trey Becka and then, um, and then like get it distributed and stuff like that.

Cool.

Sounds good.

You were telling me about it the other day.

It sounds interesting.

Yeah.

It's really, really, really good movie.

Yeah.

And Nick, what movie are you distributing?

Are you not there yet?

No, I'm not quite there yet.

Um, but I am going to be on a comedy cruise.

You want to be both?

You're going to be in that?

September 13th through 16th.

It's on Jesse Thorn Atlantic.

The Atlantic Comedy Festival.

Yeah.

What?

Yeah.

It's a, you, me, um, Cameron Esposito, uh, Maria Butcher, Marin, Marin is on there.

Tig, Tig, uh, Eugene, Eugene Mermin.

Um, Jonathan Colton is, uh, performing.

What?

Yeah.

This is a week at sea?

No, it's three days.

Oh, phew.

To the Bahamas.

My goodness.

Yeah.

That's gonna be fun.

I forgot about that.

And I'll be at Outside Lands this weekend.

This weekend.

Okay.

And how do people see you there?

The Bar, the Barnaby tent.

Okay.

Barnbury.

That's a good tent.

Did that last year.

Barbary tent.

It's like a, it's like an actual room that they set up.

Oh, nice.

Yeah.

I'll do a Wyatt Sennix show and Craig Robinson show.

Tito Ben, what do you have to plug?

Can I get on the ship?

The, uh, the, the cruise?

Mm-hmm.

Cause you.

Yeah.

If you buy a ticket.

I want to make a movie.

Which one?

Poseidon.

Okay.

The ship's not going to sink.

Hopefully.

Yeah.

I can just at the end of the movie, throw the camera.

The camera off?

Yeah.

I don't think that's a good idea.

I have to swim back out there and pull the tab.

What if you just did a speed two cruise control?

I haven't seen that one yet.

Oh, okay.

Oh, is that one good?

Is it good?

I saw the first one.

That one is bus, buses and buses.

Yeah.

This one is what?

Just a car?

Boats.

Yeah.

But you think speed two might just be a car?

Yeah.

No, it's actually on a boat this time.

Yeah.

Oh.

It's the same concept as cars and airplanes.

Are they on the Pacific Ocean?

You know what?

I don't know.

I think they go down to the Bahamas as well, don't they?

Or some sort of country.

I don't think Keanu goes in the Atlantic Ocean.

He doesn't.

It's just the same old thing happens to old Bullock.

Yeah.

Good old Bullock.

I see.

But all I have is my kiosk there.

And Tuesday nights at the car wash across the street from the Eagle Rock Plaza.

You should remake Car Wash.

Remake the remake.

Yes.

It's all there.

Yeah.

Everything you need.

I will do it.

And maybe I'll have some guest director be Bruce.

Maybe I'll talk to him for the first time.

You should make to Bruce.

You should remake that movie Duets.

Yes.

Ah, Gwyneth Paltrow and Huey Lewis.

Baby, let's cruise.

I'd like to hear.

Do you have any backgrounds?

Yeah.

I'd love to hear your backgrounds for that.

With me, baby.

Ooh.

One that doesn't ever understand your mind.

Find you glad.

I love to get there.

Ooh.

For love.

Together.

And then they take over.

They take over.

Yeah.

Seems like a lot of your songs you do about half of it.

And I did the first half and then they take it over.

They're fine with it.

You know, I'm on a good track.

Yeah, I get it.

Yeah.

Huh?

Very good.

All right.

So check out your stores.

Yes.

What do I want to plug?

Of course, I was talking about the tour.

Come out and see us on tour.

That's me and Paul F. Tompkins and the Birthday Boys.

Come into a city near you, hopefully.

And also you can buy that tour at earwolf.com slash store.

And the Comedy Bang Bang TV show this Friday.

Check it out.

Zoe Saldana is on the show this Friday.

Paul F. Tompkins is on the show.

A very funny comedian, Eugene Cordero, makes an appearance on the show.

So that'll be fun.

And various other people.

That is Friday, IFC, 10 p.m., 9 central.

I want to thank Nathan Mandel.

Nathan, thank you so much for donating $150 to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you so much.

Something special is coming out to you.

And also, by the way, if you're going to the Everything Is Fest at Cenafamily, we are showing we're premiering the Comedy Bang Bang musical episode there on Saturday, August 17th at 5 p.m.

And the cast and writer Andrew Lloyd Webber will be there.

And we're going to show the episode.

And then we're going to do a talk back after that.

So come and see that at Cenafamily.

And let's close up the old plug bag.

That's all I have for us.

Here we go.

Bumbershoot.

Come see me at Bumbershoot.

All right, well, guys, let's pledge to meet back here one year from now.

Yeah.

Okay.

Do we wait?

Yeah, we got to wait until then.

Okay.

Here?

Yeah.

Okay.

What do you want to do until then?

May as well leave the tape running.

Yeah.

That'd be a great podcast.

Do you want to make a movie?

Yeah.

What do you got?

I'm trying to make talk radio with Eric Bogosian.

Oh, I'd make that.

I was also going to make two guns.

Oh, two guns.

I've only seen the trailer, but I'm down for.

Yeah, me too.

I'll play one of the guns.

Okay.

I will play the other gun.

I think that's smart for you to make movies that are in right now.

Like, yeah.

Yeah.

Get them out there.

Yeah.

The Conjuring, your biggest hit.

Yeah, it's big.

Will you be Scott?

Will you be Denzel?

That would be my honor.

I'm amazing.

I mean, Nick, you'll be Mark.

Mark Wahlberg.

Who's going to be one of the guns.

I am.

Oh, you're just one of the guns.

Yeah.

I'm the other guy.

You're the other gun.

Which gun do I get to pick up?

You'll get Jonah.

Okay.

All right.

I'm good.

I'm powerful.

Here we go.

A bit slow.

I'm brailing.

All right.

Hey, freeze.

Oh, wait, we're on the same team.

Let's shoot all these dollar bills that are surrounding us.

Okay.

That's all I know.

That's just the only sound my gun makes every breath you.

Take over.

You got to keep with this.

No, it's your turn.

Oh, the other gun.

Yeah.

Oh, I messed it up.

All right.

Well, this has been a successful show.

What?

We'll see you on Monday with a brand new episode.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Dot com.

The wolf dead.
