---
layout: page
title: 238. Jessica St. Clair, Lennon Parham, Jason Mantzoukas, Brian Huskey, Melissa Rauch [20813⧸21124].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫ ♫ MUSIC PLAYING ♫ ♫ ♫ ♫ MUSIC PLAYING ♫ ♫ Live from the Marina del Rey condo HOA common area. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

We're here for Marissa Wampler's 17th birthday party. Womp it up!

I have here Marissa Wampler. The sun is shining. It is August 12th. This is your birthday proper?

No, my birthday was two days ago, but... On the 10th.

Yeah, but we decided to throw it on a Monday. Great.

Yeah, just to really get people... because I wanted them to have the weekend to relax.

So they could really womp it up on a Monday. Of course, you need... you know, that's...

Why have a birthday party the day after you're all stressed out from school?

Exactly. You know what I mean? Like, relax...

And you really want to cut loose? No. Repress that urge.

Sleep it off.

Relax for a couple of days and then you're ready to womp it .

Exactly. Monday is hump day.

Yeah, welcome to the show. My name is Scott Aukerman and this is Comedy Bang Bang.

And we're here... this is sort of an atypical show, as you can tell from the noise behind us.

We are here at a condo... common area pool. Yes.

We're on top of a sort of makeshift jerry-rigged structure.

Doesn't feel very sound. No.

Doesn't feel very structurally sound. I want to be honest.

I don't want anyone to worry about their safety. I am very worried.

Speaking of safety, the woman who's endangering us right now, you just heard her...

Miss Lissler. Aukerman?

Lissler, I should say. Happy birthday, Marissa.

Oh, thank you, Miss Lissler. You're a star and a treasure.

Thank you. Oh, thank you. Well, thank you for building this structure for us to sit upon.

You're welcome. Don't step there.

Be careful.

I stepped into a little... it feels like a pothole, but it 's like a sinkhole.

It's a tiny mini-tramp.

Most of this has been...

If you want to just bounce on one ankle, go for it.

Kind of hurt.

At your own risk, though.

I'm going to re-break this foot. So, Marissa, for the unin itiated, maybe people who just started listening to the show, maybe they saw the TV show recently and have come over. Let's explain you just a little bit, very, very briefly, because there's not enough time. We would take the whole hour to explain your entire story.

Our history has been long and varied.

You were my intern back at the old radio station where we used to tape this.

That's right.

You never showed up.

Nope.

The first day you did, you hopped on mic immediately.

Threw on the cans, and America started hearing these dulcet tones, and they wanted to hear more.

Well, I don't know about that.

And then you promptly...

This appeared again.

You promptly abandoned the show for several months.

For about eight or nine months.

And you come in every three months or so.

Yeah, just to check in. So that was when we started. That was the summer before my freshman year. I am now entering my junior year. If you can believe it, I actually pass off for a year.

I had to take it twice.

And Listler here is your teacher. You're in the STARS program at your high school.

Yes, I'm an advanced learning program, a special program.

There's some controversy about that, whether it's advanced or whether...

We go back and forth.

It's called the STARS program, and it no longer actually occurs during school hours.

Right, because Listler was arrested and incarcerated for a brief time. And then we got her out, and we decided to do more of an independent study.

The hours of 5.30 AM till 9. And then again from 3, sometimes till 11 or 12 at night.

I think a good public school starts at 9. That's a civilized hour.

Oh yeah, Marina Del Rey. We keep this shit real.

She doesn't go to homeroom. I don't want anyone to be able to track her.

Yeah. Okay, so that briefly covers what's going on here.

And you have an interesting family life and friends. And the last time you were on the show, we said that on your birthday we would broadcast live from your pool party. And here we are.

I have never had a pool. This is my first party that I've ever thrown in my entire life.

If you can believe. I haven't ever had a sleepover. Well, I 'm not counting the ones I have with Listler.

In my trundle.

Twice or three times a week. But I've never had a party before. And I put out the APB.

I said, hey, listen, you know, I'm having this party. I made up a flyer.

We got out our word doc. I got out of clip art.

Clip art. I did a chili Willy clip art.

Yeah, I noticed that you actually clip arted like a some scissors.

Yeah.

Like those are the things that you normally clip with. You put them on the flyer.

I'm learning.

Are there scissors at this party? Is there?

There might be. It might be a giveaway at the end.

Okay.

Everyone goes away with their own safety scissors. That was Lister's idea.

Everyone needs safety scissors.

Yeah. Too many of my friends have died using really sharp scissors.

I've noticed there's a box of safety scissors here. They're all left handers too. Are you left handed, Lister?

Absolutely.

I've never noticed that.

I'm actually ambidextrous. I can use my feet too.

Oh my God.

Like my left foot.

By the way, Lister was in the army during the Iraqi war.

She was a sniper.

Did you shoot with either hand?

Yeah. You had to be able to roll over and shoot with anything.

She showed us the other day that she could put a pistol in between her tits and she could shoot a pretty much a bullseye from them.

Just squeezing them together that pulls the trigger?

Yeah. When you work up your pecs into such a hard state.

Yeah. Those are monsters.

I could control my nipple to pull the trigger.

Oh my goodness.

Wow.

Her nipples, by the way, look like Yoda's figures. Do you know what I mean? Those three figures that Yoda has?

Oh, figures?

She's never seen them. I've only described them to her.

But that's what she describes as like...

I don't want it to be inappropriate.

Okay, sure.

Long and scaly.

Now your body, I've never... What are you wearing right now ? I've never quite seen you in something like this before.

I am wearing a tankini top with Adidas track pants on the bottom.

Yeah.

Those are in an extra large because as you know, I'm shaped ...

Like a pair or like...

Like an upside down pyramid.

Yeah. Or someone described it upside down muffin.

Right.

But I decided to... With Lissler's help, we went over to the Big and Tall store and we decided to... Well, actually, we got our tankini top was on clearance. Is that right?

That's an extra small.

Yeah, that's an extra small.

And then the bottoms are for Big and Tall people who are about 610, it looks like.

Exactly. These are like what Channing Tatum wore in Step Up 2 The Streets.

Yeah.

Something like that.

Those are like the pants that Bruce Banner wears because he 's gonna change into the Hulk at any moment.

And he's gonna rip apart. Exactly. So that's a bit of mystery. There's mystery on top and there's mystery on bottom.

No, yeah, I can see. Yeah. It seems to me like you should be wearing a swimsuit of some sort. We're at a pool.

Yeah.

Well, that's what a tankini is, Ockerman, if you've never heard of that.

No, but I mean on the bottom.

Well...

She could still cannonball.

I can still cannonball and I will. But I really wanted...

And who knows what I got underneath here? I may have nothing. We don't know.

Well, we don't. You do, hopefully.

I do. But we'll see what happens if I get a couple Mai Tais in me.

There's now... We should be clear. There's no drinking at this party, is there?

It's Virgin Mai Tais.

Virgin Mai Tais. Seth is mixing them over by the burgers.

Right. Seth is your stepfather. Seth, what is his last name , by the way?

Wobbler. He actually took... He changed his name.

He took your mother's name in marriage?

Which is weird because it's actually my mom's name that she took in marriage.

In her first husband.

In her first husband. But he liked it so much. So he's now Dr. Seth Wobbler.

Was he a doctor of again? I can't remember.

He does orthopedic surgery.

Right. Right.

But only on...

Maybe on feet though, right?

On feet. Is that what a pediatric... I don't know what...

Yeah, I think that's what orthopedic is.

But he only works on certain types of people. I think it's ...

People with narrow feet or with...

No, it's how attractive they are.

Oh, I see.

He only works on very attractive people.

And he's here at the party. He's mixing up some stuff.

So we'll be talking to him a little bit later.

Who else is at this party that we've talked to or spoken to ?

By the way, if you haven't heard the Christmas Womp-tacular , that wasn't an official Comedy Bang Bang episode that's in the Earwolf Presents file.

Go, please listen to that. That's where we talk about...

Where we met a lot of these people.

Oh, yeah.

Including your old friend Eric Gutterball's Gutterman, right?

Well, Gutterball's is currently here. In fact, why don't we invite him up?

Is it too soon?

Really?

Yeah, he's here. I have a big announcement to make.

America's gonna want to know about...

God, we gotta get to this then before the... Should we tease it or... I don't know.

Whatever happens, happens, I guess.

I think we should let it happen and then let's see what evolves.

Where is he? Can you call him up?

Hey, Gutters!

Gutters!

He's down below. Hey, Gutter!

Gutters!

Hey, come up here, would you?

Climb the rope ladder.

He's been doing his scuba training while we're...

But the party's happening.

Let's, yeah, let's put that scuba training to good use here .

Well, be careful with your asthma under there.

Do you need your inhaler?

Oh, God.

Hey, welcome to the show.

Hey, hey, hey.

I mean, Eric.

Eric is your name, obviously.

We call him Gutterman.

Gutterball's, yeah.

Have you been spiking your mind ties, Choc-Toc? Come on, now.

I may have brought in a little something for myself.

This is, I mean, I haven't been around this many children.

Ew! Oh, since when? You got the court order that you're not allowed?

That's not funny, man.

That is not true, and that is not funny.

It's not something we're joking about.

I'm just saying that I don't usually go to 16-year-old...

Well, that's good to know.

Or 17-year-old, now.

That's good to know.

17, sweet 17.

Are you going to let him speak? He's been standing here.

Yeah, Gutters.

So, Gutters, tell everybody who you went to the prom with this year.

Who I went with or who I was supposed to go with?

You know what, man?

This is exactly what we've been working on in couples counseling, right?

You undercut it. You're afraid to feel and to heal.

Tell me.

Wait, what is this story?

He deflects. He asks questions in order to deflect.

Fine, tell the story.

It's two different people, Eric?

Who are you supposed to go with?

Stacy McNickel.

And what happened?

She got shingles.

She got shingles. Or at least that's what she said.

That's herpes in your spine.

What?

Shingles is herpes in your spine.

We found that out on the Comedy Bang Bang TV show, the Seth Rogen episode.

Oh, good.

He got shingles.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

Do you get it sexually? Does someone have to fuck their spine in order to get it?

Please, Marissa.

Marissa.

Woohoo! Wipe it up!

My time!

Language.

My time!

Language.

Okay, so Stacy McNickel gets shingles.

Yeah.

How soon before the prom?

I don't know, like a week, she said. She told me like a week before. I don't know.

I saw her out with her family. She looked okay.

You can't normally see shingles.

Yeah, they're in your spine.

Oh, okay.

But that is true. Her whole family had shingles.

How do you know about the McNickels family?

I watch everyone.

All right. At any rate, so Stacy McNickels falls ill, and you don't want to take anybody in a wheelchair to the prom. That was one of your things.

Have you rented a- Yeah, that was the only option. The only option of somebody left.

Is that she go on wheels.

Is that I- what?

Is that she go on wheels?

She goes meals on wheels, yeah.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

What- had you rented a tuxedo at this point?

Oh, yeah, my mom took me to get a tuxedo.

And the deposit is non-returnable.

Oh, no, and it was all my paper route money.

Yeah. Oh, you still have a paper route.

Oh, yeah, that's how I make money.

Do you drive around with it, or are you on the bike?

I drive around on my bike.

Oh, okay. You ride on your bike.

Yeah, I mean, like, I mean, yeah, sure.

What square- I can have a- I do have a driver's license.

Sure.

I don't want to make it sound like I can't drive. I can drive.

You choose to do it on your bike, though.

Right.

Because it's easier to throw.

I just- no, I don't have a car.

Oh, I see. Okay.

But I am- I can drive.

What paper?

The Marina Del Rey Chronicle.

Chronicle? Oh, okay. That's a reputable institution.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, definitely.

So you had already rented a tuxedo.

It's going out of business, though.

Oh, so what happens to you, then?

You know, a lot of us are really struggling now.

Print is dead, yeah.

A lot of us? It's like you're- Paper boys.

Come on, man. But you don't have, like, a mortgage or mouths to feed. It's like, big deal.

I helped my parents out.

Okay.

Maybe you could deliver the E version of the paper to people's computers via email.

Like, wirelessly?

Yeah, you could, like, press send on the email, like, do just a BCC email to people.

I think you're kidding.

You can edit the patch.

You don't know. You have to ask if he's kidding, because sometimes his humor is so subtle, you just don't know.

If you want to edit the patch, the Marina Del Rey- Almost not. Almost not existed.

I can't say it. Marina Del Rey patch, you can- I'll give you duties of that.

What's his?

The Marina Del Rey patch.

What is that? Like a lesbian rag?

It's a ma- Community paper?

Marissa?

I'm asking, it sounds like a lesbian rag, like a- Where you print lesbian newsre- You know everybody calls it the snatch, right?

The snatch. Everybody calls it the snatch.

That's fine. Every town has a snatch, then.

No, every town has a lot of snatches.

All right. We devolve.

Come on.

What?

All right, so tell us this story.

So anyway, McNichols, so then you- She's out.

You tell her she's out.

Right.

I have been keeping my options open. As you know, I had- Last time you were on Comedy Bang Bang Proper, we had a contest for listeners to write you songs to take you to the prom.

Right. And I had chosen a gentleman who, Lisler will attest to this, he had skin like the underside of a baby chick.

He was very handsome.

Soft skin. He was- Dimply?

Dimply. He was Australian.

Probably a fake picture.

No, actually it was a moving picture. It was a video. He wrote a song for me.

That's how romantic this man is.

Although with CGI these days.

We need to make that available to people. Does everyone have availability to that?

We gotta get that on the world wide web.

Go to the show page. We'll post it somehow.

So I chose him. Then there were visa issues.

Oh, he doesn't have a credit card.

He doesn't have a credit card.

Not that kind of visa.

He was joking again. Let him know. Just give him a heads up .

Okay, anytime I say a joke, I'll give you a thumbs up, okay ?

Yeah.

How's that sound?

At any rate, so I was without a date.

So this guy shows up at my window at about- What?

2 a.m.

Wow.

With a booth.

Are you on the second floor or are you on the first floor?

I'm on the first floor. As you know, I sleep in what is kind of just a crawl space.

Oh, that's right.

There's actually no window into her crawl space.

Right?

How many floors is your condo here?

It's two floors. I sleep in- there's a crawl space within the great room that I'm being forced to sleep in, even though there is a room- my bedroom is now filled with baby stuff from their baby shower.

So did Eric- did you show up at the patio door? Is that like the sliding glass door?

Is that where you were?

No, I showed up in the side yard.

Oh, okay.

Because that's where the window looks out.

Oh, okay.

So I was sleeping on my Aero bed, which has a hole in it, so about 2 or 3 a.m. I got to pump it back up again.

Okay, so about 2 a.m. you're up anyway.

Yeah, I'm up pumping and I hear- That's usually when I get texts from her.

Yeah, and I hear- They always start them pumping it up.

Yeah, and so I hear Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines being played.

Oh, that's a sexy song.

And I don't know where it's coming from, so I look out and there he is, like say anything style, holding a boombox over his head, playing that song.

Now is this a boombox with a CD player, a tape player?

No, it's my dad's old boombox.

So you transferred the song onto a tape- No, it was just on the radio.

Just- oh, so I thought that song- that's good because I always feel like that song's sort of loosely about rape.

Yeah, so it just happened to be the song that was playing- That's actually very comforting to me to know that you didn 't choose that.

No, no, I just- I was out there for a while just playing the radio.

I think you noticed it when it was that song.

Got it.

Okay, okay.

At any rate- Wait, were you aiming it at her- Oh no, it was for her.

Oh, okay.

It was for her, but I just- I'm just saying I didn't choose that song specifically.

What were the songs that played before it, the one that you were hoping she would wake up to?

Oh, there's the one that goes, um, I got that good kush and alcohol.

Oh, did you have some kush and alcohol?

I'm a ball till the day I fall.

That one played for a while.

I was- I did- I was hoping she wouldn't notice that one.

Okay.

Just because I don't know what it's about.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So at any rate, I go outside.

He says, listen, you know, I'm- I don't want to- That's how you start off with nice romantic gestures.

Hey, listen.

He goes, hey, listen, I don't want to take this handicapped girl to the prom anymore.

So would you buy- would you want to go as friends?

And I thought- and I thought, why not?

You know what I mean?

I'm gonna- Well, you thought about all the couples counseling that we 've been doing together.

You guys used to date, right?

We talked about this before.

Well, we used date very loosely.

But you, and not to be indelicate here, but we've talked about on the show, you guys scissored.

We scissored fully clothed.

Pants on scissoring.

On the gymnastics mats.

Right.

I just want to throw out there, if anyone were to scissor me tonight, this Adidas tracksuit pant has got a real sheen to it.

Yeah, it's kind of like a nylon-y, like- Yeah.

It's making a lot of noise when you walk.

It's making a lot of noise and we could make a lot of noise later is what I'm saying.

Womp-a-doop!

All right.

And Eric, you're wearing a swimsuit.

So you're wearing like a- Jams.

Yeah.

I'm wearing- I'm wearing what?

Old school jams.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Like board shorts?

I'm wearing a pair of my dad's old jams.

Oh, okay.

Great.

Yeah.

I guess- I don't know.

But I guess they were super popular in like the 80s and maybe early 90s.

I'm not sure.

I'm pretty sure they're not a current label.

So how did the prom go?

I mean, everyone wants to hear about this.

I mean, or is this too long of a story?

Do we need to- Lisler, you're keeping time, right?

That's absolutely right.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, you'll let us know when we need to take a break.

So- Okay.

Long story short, she said, yes, she would go.

But seemed to indicate that she wanted it to be like maybe like a real thing and not just friends.

Well, but- How did you feel about that?

I was surprised.

Okay.

By real thing, I just meant I would like you to show up on time.

Right.

And you said, but no, you said you wanted to slow dance.

How long- You wanted to slow dance.

How late were you?

I was 45 minutes.

I was an hour late.

You were two and a half hours late.

I was two and a half hours late.

Why would you be two and a half hours late?

Well, oh, well, I mean- I guess there's a backup at the tuxedo store.

It's a long story, but my mom said she was going to pick up my tuxedo and she didn't.

Oh.

So I had to ride my bike to the tuxedo store.

Oh no.

And then did you put it in your paper route bag?

Yeah.

With all the papers?

It was all Ray Gold's.

Newsprint all over it?

When I got back and was put, I took a shower.

A white tuxedo too.

Oh God.

Were some of the headlines on it like Play-Doh?

Yep.

Oh no.

What was the headline that was on the back of this tuxedo?

May 23rd.

What was happening May 23rd?

Wiener Strikes Again.

Yeah.

No, it wasn't that.

May 23rd.

Oh, that was a joke.

Okay.

Just let people know.

Everyone, even America should know when a joke is coming.

Okay.

Or has come.

But at any rate, so we rode to the bike.

We rode to the prom on your bike.

I had had several pounds of hair extensions put into my hair because I have alopecia, which is something I don't know if I ever mentioned.

You would never talked about that.

I have a tremendous amount of hair around my nipples.

Yeah.

No, we've seen that.

As much hair is growing.

Show Judd Apatow that I believe.

Yeah.

He hasn't called.

That's weird.

Yeah, weird.

Yeah, it's weird.

But as much hair as I have there, I'm losing it on my head.

So Lissler actually put in, I don't know, where did you even find these extensions, Chardog?

Beauty 35.

What is that?

It's a store in New York City.

I have a friend that lives above it and I asked her to send me some weave.

Yeah, so she, a lot of it was African American hair.

So which actually comes from Indians.

Does it?

Yeah.

Okay.

It's intended for African Americans, but they take the hair out of Indian women.

Like Native Americans?

No.

Cool.

So are you on the handlebars of this bike or what are you?

He actually has a sidecar that usually his mini schnauzer rides in.

Okay.

So how do you fit in it with?

Not well.

Yeah. With your situation.

So it took us a lot longer to get to the crowd.

She's also allergic to the fur.

Pretty much now covers the sidecar.

I've always described you as sort of a maxi schnauzer.

Yeah, thanks.

I appreciate that.

Have you tried putting like, um, Propecia or Rogaine on your head?

Or Boniva?

That's for weak bones.

Oh, I don't think that's right.

If Sally Field sells it, I'm buying it.

Really?

No matter what it is.

Absolutely.

You love Brothers and Sisters?

A big fan of that show?

Never watched it.

I'm like, is she selling something on that show?

Oh, the commercial space within it.

I think, I think, listen, do you feel like she's not really Sally Field on that show?

She's a different character.

She's a, she must be.

What about Lincoln?

Did you watch Lincoln?

I didn't.

Is that a, any ad she makes is that she's, she plays Mary Town Cars.

No, she's involved.

Oh, that would have been a great tie-in.

Could you hold on one second?

Oh my God.

How did she get in here?

What is happening?

Danielle Bartiromo is here.

I have to go for one second.

Okay.

I will be back.

Take this microphone.

Should we go to break?

I'm freaking out right now.

Should we go to break?

Yeah, bitch!

I'm gonna cut a bitch!

We're going to break!

I'm gonna cut a bitch!

Okay, well, I guess we're going to break.

Come on back.

We'll have more Comedy Bang Bang live from Marissa Wampler 's 17th birthday party at the Marina del Rey condo HOA common room.

Come on back after this common area.

Wop it up.

I'm going to cut a bitch.

Wop it up.

Hey, welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang.

Scott Aukerman here.

We're here with Marissa Wampler and Lissler, and we are high above the pool at the Marina del Rey condo common area pool party, a lot of kids frol icking, I guess is what you would call it.

Yeah, well, there's a lot more here than there were before the break.

What happened?

It was a manageable size right before the break.

Yeah.

Then all of a sudden you said?

Yeah.

I'm going to cut a bitch is what I said.

Danielle was here.

Yeah.

I have, uh, I've dragged Danielle up onto the platform because I'd like her to talk to me about why she's here.

Oh, this is Danielle.

Oh my goodness.

And why she brought her almost entirely Asian crew with her .

Look at those.

Of 44 people.

Oh my God.

Look at those.

I was trying to make your party better.

Okay.

Well, you ruined it.

First of all, how did you jump the fence with tits that big is my first question.

I just have to say those are amazing.

Thank you.

Um, I've heard, I've heard stories about it.

This is our first time.

Hi, Scott.

Hi.

Don't touch her.

Don't you dare touch her.

It's sorry, but I just, it's, it's impressive.

It's just, it's, it's like going to see the Grand Canyon.

It's just like, you have to sit and admire it.

You know what, you know what, man, I will call the cops on you.

How old, how old are you Danielle?

I am 16 and a half.

Okay.

So watch it.

Whoa.

Okay.

Yeah.

When we were in second grade, was it second or third grade that you got your period?

It was second.

It was the beginning of second, but then I just bought it for awhile.

Okay.

In like second grade, she takes out, she would just raise her hand and she'd be like, Oh, I got an OB tampon.

I got to use it.

I've been spotting and tell everybody.

And then I like the OB ones better because you can insert them yourself.

You know what?

Just shut up.

I cannot believe you're here.

I cannot believe you're here right now.

You're just jealous.

Cause I look better than you do when you're a tankini.

Okay.

First of all, your body be banging.

Nobody, nobody is ever gonna, gonna argue that.

I think that would be a silly argument.

You'd be an idiot if you argued it.

You should be in Maxim now.

You should, because that's going to fade.

That's what my mom said.

No, my mom still looks really, really good.

Some would say that you've been a woman for so long.

It's almost like you're not 16 and a half.

It's almost like, you know what?

Don't try to justify it for yourself.

Oh my God.

It's still illegal.

It's 100% illegal.

Yeah.

I had the body awareness of like a 45 year old.

Yeah.

What does that mean?

The body awareness?

I'm just very in touch with my body.

God.

I've been with it for a long time.

You know what, man?

Here's the deal.

I did not invite you and I did not invite your Asian crew.

And so I don't know.

All of a sudden it's like, it's like UCLA just got out or something.

Is it Quest Crew from Best Dance Crew ever?

They, they do dance.

They do dance.

And you know what?

I like to hang with a shorter crew cause it makes me feel a little taller.

Ah, yeah.

Cause how tall are you?

Can I?

I'm four and a half.

Yeah.

That that's that that's adding to it.

So adding to what?

Just the proportion.

Ew.

I am so grossed out and enraged right now.

Okay.

I just, I've heard a lot about Danielle here and it's D apostrophe.

How do you spell your name?

Well, it's D A N I E L L E but it's Danielle.

Oh, I see.

Okay, great.

That's how you pronounce it.

So what is the deal here?

You brought, you're not invited.

You weren't invited.

I am making your party better.

I okay. I don't need your charity.

All right.

Nobody asked you to come and I know exactly why you're here and that's to get gutter balls back.

Now you used to date Eric.

We did.

Yeah.

And what happened?

You know, I scissored him while you were dating, right?

That's what you told the school.

Yes.

Well, that's what he told us as well on this program.

Yeah.

Two scissors make a right.

Or in the case of these safety scissors, there's a left.

Exactly.

And by the way, I am going to kick you out.

So take a safety scissors on your way out.

You might need to cut your own pubes or something.

What?

Marissa.

I'm so bad.

I actually think that's why you're wearing those pants.

I saw her once in the locker room and it was like her thighs had sideburns.

All right.

You know what?

I am.

Do you have Elvis Presley thighs?

Yes.

She's got Elvis Presley thighs.

Good song.

It's a great song.

So Danielle, what happened with Eric?

Tell us about this because I know a little bit about it, but tell the listeners who don't know what's going on here.

You dated.

We were dating.

And then I found out that he had scissored Wampler, which I let go.

And then I started dating Mikey Piscatola, a college guy.

Who has a bed in the back of a van.

He does.

That has the spray painted wolf on the side of it.

Oh, so he's cool.

He's awesome.

And it's a waterbed.

He's also dying of about 700 STDs.

It's fine.

As long as, I mean, I may have caught some, but that, I mean, that doesn't stop me from motor boating or I can do anything.

Wait, motor boating means what?

Going out on the water.

The antibiotics don't stop you from going out on the water.

Someone wanted to put their head in between my gigantic boobs and that they're not going to get an STD from that.

This is a classy podcast.

It always has been.

Really?

And she's bringing it in and just taking it down to a really trashy level.

And I'm not interested.

I don't mind.

I'm interested.

You know what?

Oh, thank God.

Danielle, do you need to get tested?

I guess I do.

But I am also told that as long as I use a dental dam or as long as there's a glove involved, if I'm getting finger blasted, then I'm going.

What kind of STDs does he have on his fingers?

That's in order to not send them to other people.

Yes.

Communicate the diseases.

Although you could have a cut on your hand.

We should be responsible anytime there's any kind of contact in there.

But what about your childbearing?

Wrap it up.

Are you thinking about that?

Because some of these diseases could make you infertile.

I don't know if I'm infertile because I've been pregnant a lot.

Why are you talking to her?

Why do you care about her sexual health?

Hold on.

Well, this is Lisler.

You've not seen Lisler around the school?

Why would she have seen me?

Is that the weird woman who hides in lockers?

She's slept in a locker for two and a half weeks.

I've also built a secret system of connecting hallways through the back of lockers.

Like the rats of NIMH or Watership Down.

Marissa, I think...

It is.

It's like a rabbit warren within the halls of the school so that I can come and go as I please.

And keep my eyes on you.

I think she gave me a pink slip once for running in the hall.

She said I was going to injure myself.

Yeah, because your tits are so big.

Marissa, I feel like you're bearing the lead.

She's...

She...

Come here for a second.

What?

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Off course.

Yes.

She's...

She said that she's been pregnant a lot.

What?

She...

She just admitted that.

I didn't hear that.

I was too busy screaming into the microphone.

I know.

You have to calm it down.

I don't hear what anybody else is saying.

I know.

This is probably...

I don't even know where I am right now.

Look, we can talk about your broadcasting skills later.

What I need to talk to you about now...

I feel like I just experienced lost time.

Like when an alien takes you and then puts you back on the earth and you say, What happened to those two and a half hours?

Yes.

Well, we got to talk about that another time.

But what we have to talk about right now is the fact...

She said she's been pregnant a lot.

And Eric, she used to date Eric.

Oh my God.

Hold on.

We need to talk to her about this.

Do you want to interrogate her?

Do you want to play good cop bad cop?

Don't.

Is this kind of a sexual thing for you?

Like you want to be bad cop with her because I'm not really interested in playing into that.

But I'll play good cop too.

I'm into either.

Okay, let's just go back and talk to her.

So this is a salve that I think you might want to try.

Stop giving her salves.

I just knocked that salve in the pool.

Danielle.

I can swim down there and get it and get it back into her hands.

I'd love to see that.

She has gills.

You know that she had gills installed along with all of her joey patches.

She makes a weird noise when she dives into a pool.

Like, it's like...

Well, she spent time with the Navy Seals.

I wonder when she shoots a gun, does she go pow pow?

Yeah, she does.

Interesting.

She does.

Danielle.

Hey, Danielle.

Hey.

So we want to talk to you about something that you mentioned just a second ago.

Yeah.

Is it about my period at age nine?

No, it's about times when you maybe wouldn't have gotten your period.

Like when you were pregnant, maybe with Eric Gutterball's baby.

We don't know.

Why?

Because you never had sex?

Oh my god, you never had sex.

What do you count as sex?

I count it if he stuck his mechanical pencil inside of the gaping hole that is your vagina.

He never...

No.

Eric, there was other holes that he stuck it in, but it was never in there.

He said that...

Which holes?

Your ear holes or...

I guess your eyes are kind of an orifice.

There were just other holes.

He just said that he just wasn't ready for that.

So he kind of just...

I knew it.

Did he ever say, can I pick your nose with this mechanical pencil?

There were times where he just said, any hole will do, except for that one.

Is that a song from Jesus Christ Superstar?

Any hole will do.

Yeah, I believe so.

Okay, well, he lied to me.

He lied to me.

Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.

Any hole will do.

He lied to me.

He told me that he had had sexual intercourse with you.

So that is great information.

It's good information to know that you never had...

But you don't know if he's the father of one of your...

Well, because one time he got excited and went on the periphery and I don't know if...

Well, he can swim through jeans.

Chardos?

Absolutely.

Oh, you're back.

Look how thick were your jeans.

Oh gosh, you're back.

You got that thing with you?

Yeah, in her teeth.

Oh my gosh.

She's like one of those Navy-trained dolphins.

Oh God, I've never seen the like.

So yeah, so wait, he was just kind of outside of it and then it just kind of...

Yeah, and so like a little may have gotten inside and then ...

It's like blood spatter on CSI.

Exactly.

Yeah, okay.

Exactly.

And MTV, they wanted to do...

Like I had auditioned for their teen pregnancy show.

Before you were even pregnant?

Well, no, like from that.

Oh, okay.

The minute you learned the news, you went over to the MTV.

I submitted an application.

That's smart.

Capitalize.

But you didn't get it and that's why you terminated the pregnancy?

It was like down to the wire.

It was really down to the wire.

Okay, yeah.

That's, you know, I mean, MTV really ought to think about that.

They, you know, I mean, they're the leading cause of people terminating their pregnancy.

It's true.

Wanting just to get on.

It's really true.

Yeah, so they didn't...

Not getting on.

I would have gone through with it.

Yeah.

Okay, well, okay.

Okay.

It's a lot of information right now.

Okay, but there is no baby.

I'm going to take a sip of my Virgin Mai Tai right now and just try to calm down.

Listen, I would like you and your Asian crew to leave immediately.

Why?

I am making your party better.

No, you're not.

This party is only good if you like sucky parties.

All we've done is talk about your periods and your spotting and your almost pregnant pieces.

There are so many Asian people in this pool.

It's like, I haven't seen this since the last tsunami.

I mean, this is incredible.

Oh my...

That was a joke.

I don't think your stepdad wants me to leave.

What?

I was just on the slip-slipping side and he just...

And what?

He spoke to you?

Well, it was just like the slip-and-slide wasn't moist enough and he helped me wet it down.

Get out of here.

Oh, we got to talk to Seth about this.

I mean, I've been joking around a little bit here, but I don't...

He shouldn't be moistening a slip-and-slide for anybody at this party.

He should not.

Danielle, nice to meet you.

Yeah, bye.

Danielle, go fuck yourself.

Marissa, come on.

I'm so full of rage.

You're a 17-year-old girl.

I know.

I want to apologize to America because they're seeing an angry side of me.

A lot of times when I can't control fully the situation, I get angry.

It's weird because...

It's what we've been working on a lot with our bat beating techniques.

Danielle is gone now and I feel like a fog or something has been lifted from me.

What was I talking about when she was here?

You were trying to get her in a bad cop scenario, fantasies of yours.

I don't know what...

I know.

I'm sorry.

Listen, it's not your fault.

Her tits have magical powers.

Oh, God, they do.

Anyway, so that happened.

So hopefully she'll leave.

Hey, get out of here.

I want you out.

Hi, I'm just getting some combos.

There's not enough combos for all your Asian friends.

Oh, God.

So, Listler, wow.

Hey, what's up?

What do you think of all the stories?

I mean, these revelations.

Nothing is a revelation to me.

You knew all this?

Absolutely.

Why didn't you tell me?

First of all, I've been obsessing over the fact that I didn 't have sex with gutter balls at the prom and you didn't tell me anything.

I told you, I don't want you opening that up for anyone.

I know, but if I had known he hadn't had sex, I wouldn't have went on such an emotional wild ride.

You know what?

No one can hold your emotions down.

All right, whatever it's going to be.

Oh, the price went up on bugles.

You're going to freak out.

You know, that's true.

I did have a breakdown in a Ralph's recently about the price of bugles going up.

It doesn't matter what it is.

You're going to go on a roller coaster.

All right.

If you don't mind, I'd like to have Seth come up on the platform and...

I'll help him.

Seth!

Oh, that's right.

By the way, we've talked about Seth.

Get in this Jimmy.

I can do it.

I know how to mount it above pool's platform.

I've done it goddamn before.

All right, I'm fine.

Hi, Mr. Wampler.

Hi, Lockerman.

You know, I got to say real up at the top, you know, I don 't like you coming around because you work her up into a tizzy.

She gets so...

She doesn't start at tizzy?

She gets so goddamn worked up every time you come around.

Hey Seth, he's not working me up.

What's working me up is I just heard you moisten the slipping slide for my mortal enemy.

Danielle Bartiromo.

Is that true?

Is that the girl with the tiny feet?

The tiny...

That's what you notice about her?

Did you see how small that young girl's feet were?

Astounding.

I was like...

I couldn't see them.

I was standing above her.

I was looking down.

My first reaction was everything about her is beautiful except for those horrifyingly like little kewpie doll feet.

And I was like, well, if you come into my office, maybe I can do something about it.

Oh, I'm sure you'd like to do something about it.

You know what?

Hey, hey, I'm very happily married to your mother and I've taken her name and that's that.

Yeah, and you're about to have a baby, so why don't you start acting like it?

Well, maybe if you goddamn shut up and accept me on something.

She is trying to rest in there.

Now who's working Marissa into a tizzy?

You don't know what it's like to deal with this on a daily basis.

This child is a hurricane, okay?

This child is...

I mean, I love her.

You know that.

And I love you.

Okay, now come here.

Oh boy.

Wow.

You said you loved him on the last on the Christmas one.

It felt like the very first time.

Yeah.

Well, every time you do it, you have that little reaction.

But see the sugar rush.

Seth, have you ever worked on Diane's feet?

Yeah, I did a little scraping on them.

She had some initial bunions that I was trying to get out of there for.

Some initial bunions.

Yeah, like initially and then she has some recurrent bun ions after that.

I laugh because I should have done my job better.

But you know, that's the industry.

Seth, you see all these Asian people here who have just walked in.

I mean, they may be victims of foot binding.

Maybe.

I mean, have you taken it upon yourself to...

I gave them all a card.

I sure did do that.

Oh, I'm sure you did.

And you know what?

I used my new Samsung Galaxy.

It's got this e-card thing.

I just sort of...

I was making my ties.

I could move my hand over the front.

We are not sponsored by Samsung Galaxy.

It's a great product.

No, no.

That's his hope that he could get on the podcast and get another free Samsung Galaxy because your screen cracked.

Yeah, that's another thing about these phones.

They really need to upgrade.

Can I get closer?

They need to make the screens better on these...

You're too close to the mic.

Seth, what were you doing talking to...

What?

What's the problem now?

At every single moment, it's like you're giving birth to a devil out of your Yuya.

And it's just like, it doesn't make any sense to me.

Can't you just have one calm moment?

Ms. Lissler, could you please talk some sense into him?

The way you're staring at Seth here, it's unbelievable.

Would you like to adjourn?

I've prepared the couch with a plastic tarp.

What?

For what?

Just in case.

In case what?

In case either one of us shit ourselves out of me taking advice from a woman?

No, thank you.

Oh my God.

No.

And not even an...

She's like a sub officer to me.

She's a sniper, which I don't think has any kind of ranking .

No, they have ranks.

You think snipers just go around willy-nilly taking orders from no one?

Ms. Lissler said they know they take orders from...

From their own selves.

To be fair, Aukerman, you don't know what you're talking about.

Within the military, the sniper is its own operating unit.

Whatever they want.

This is amazing.

The public doesn't know about this.

They're known as the most whimsical soldier that you can ever meet.

They're like...

Who's the guy with the long blonde hair in Lord of the Rings?

Fabio.

No, the elf.

Orlando Bloom.

Legolas.

Yeah, Legolas.

Legolas.

He has a name that almost should come from the Lord of the Rings.

Orlando Bloom.

That's like a character name from that movie already.

Yes.

He had a leg up on being cast.

Terrific actor.

So snipers are like the Legolas of the army.

Wouldn't you say?

Oh yes, absolutely.

I'm sorry, what did you want to do on a tarp-covered couch with my stepdad?

I don't know.

I wasn't planning anything.

I just want to be prepared should something happen.

I don't know what that...

What does that mean?

I sweat a lot in my thighs.

Okay.

Lissler and Wampler, you both have some weird thigh aches.

You know what that might be a result of?

Your toes might be too close to each other.

Okay, we're not doing a consultation right now.

Oh my god, you've got the closest toes I've ever seen.

There's no air that could get between those toes.

And yet she's constantly wearing sandals.

Mandles.

Yeah, man sandals.

As opposed to the sandals women wear.

Lissler, let's talk about your history with Seth just a little bit.

Very briefly, you used to stay over at the Wampler condo for a little while on the couch and then one night you woke up and...

One fateful night.

Seth here didn't know you were on the couch.

He was, he went to the refrigerator in the middle of the night.

And why shouldn't I be able to?

It's my house.

Okay, you knew she was staying with us and yet you were pantsless.

Because that's how I sleep.

I'm a free spirit and I'm not going to rummage around through...

I don't like the way your mother organizes the drawers.

So I'm not going to go rummaging around trying to find the difference between her yoga pants and my pajama pants, okay?

I put on her yoga pants one time and it felt like a goddamn fool.

All right, at any rate...

So at any rate, you're in front of the refrigerator.

Lissler sees your naked buttocks.

Okay.

She says, what did you say?

I didn't say anything.

I thought you said...

She said turn around?

No, well when I got up to the refrigerator I thought when you meant I saw his naked buttocks.

Oh, no.

Oh, you, okay, you walked up to him and then you said...

Yeah, I said turn around.

Guess what happened?

He didn't turn around.

You did not do it.

Five hours you were frozen in place.

I stood in the doorway of that very, very energy efficient refrigerator and just wasted cool air and did not move.

And who got tired first?

Who backed down?

Lissler.

I did walk away eventually.

She walked away eventually, but the next morning we found an impression in the faget yogurt that looked like what looked like to be a white asparagus, but we knew it to be Seth's wrecked penis.

And a white asparagus leave very different impressions.

Yes they do.

And we have to re...

I need to say this.

A white asparagus was in season.

I was getting up to have my midnight snack.

Of a raw asparagus?

Raw asparagus dipped in yogurt.

Yes, yes.

I've got...

I can't take probiotics.

No, like I said the last time.

My body rejects them and it actually builds up an enzyme, anti-enzyme in my intestinal wall.

Snooze.

Which creates a diuretic attack to me.

Okay.

Your phallus might have been erect for five and a half hours straight.

Is that correct?

Because of Lissler's presence.

Here's the deal.

I don't give a shit about you anymore.

Nope, because she's got someone else.

Then why did you bring the tarp?

Yeah, well, I mean, to me...

Because he still affects me.

Okay.

All right, he still affects me.

I can't get around him without being affected.

It's a history.

It's a chemical, pheromone thing that just happened.

Is this returned by you, Seth?

I can't.

You know, when you give off what I call sexual gamma rays like I do, I can't be responsible.

Sexual gamma rays?

She's like the sexual Hulk here.

Yeah.

Every time she gets around me, don't get her angry or horny , because that thing's gonna turn green.

She's gonna have a green vagina.

You know what?

She has somebody new, so she doesn't need you.

Just so you know.

And also, that baby might be mine.

What?

Oh, let's go to a break.

Whoa, wait a minute.

It's time for a break.

Wait a minute.

It's time for a break.

Oh, is it?

Yeah.

We gotta go to a break.

Okay, we'll be right back.

Hey, is this a trampoline?

Whee!

It's a one-footed trampoline he took off right into the pool.

That's amazing.

All right, well, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang live from Marissa Wampler's 17th birthday party right after this.

Wop it up!

What's this one?

Another Will Smith classic.

Hey, welcome back, Comedy Bang Bang.

What? This just sounds like ominous synthesizer music.

It's about to kick into some really amazing rapping.

Oh.

Oh, okay.

All right, can you turn it down?

Your mother is trying to sing.

The galaxy just ended.

Why is Diane trying to sleep in the middle of Wampler's birthday party?

Well, she's just a couple months out from giving birth.

Oh, yeah, that's right.

And a stowed cold capital B.

Well, no, no.

She gave birth to you, so you can't say that about her.

But she...

And this is going to be your little brother sister, so you 're going to have to come around to that, too.

Brother sister meaning both?

No, we don't know yet.

I mean, some of the pictures were fuzzy.

Indeterminate genitalia.

Problems with the testing.

Might have an inverted penis, which could be like a vagina, but we haven't named it yet.

So you haven't named the inverted penis yet.

Or the thing.

Oh, okay, great.

In her.

Doesn't matter because I might emancipate myself once this baby comes out and start living with Lister full time.

No.

All right.

Just to have a real fat sweetheart, sweetheart, sweetheart, open your eyes.

Open your eyes.

You're in public.

God damn it.

You're in public.

She's had her own birthday party.

No, but I just I have to do a food check.

Now, did you eat anything with any kind of Stevia or a Lest ra or any kind of...

All I've had since 8am this morning is Mai Tai after Mai Tai.

And they're okay.

I'm on a 100% liquid diet right now.

I gotta be honest.

I was making some Mai Tais for your party and I might have made, I might have mixed up some Mai Tais I made for myself.

That I may be 100% wasted.

All right.

So before the break, we said some very inflammatory things.

Yeah.

I feel like we should follow up.

I guess we do.

Now, we talked about this a little on the Womptacular or the last time you were on the show.

I can't remember.

Yeah, last time.

Lister, you think the baby...

I don't even know how this would work.

You think Diane's baby might be your baby?

I'm just saying I knew from some confidential medical records that I found that...

Where'd you find these records?

She's a sniper.

I told you there's easy ways to get that.

She has warrens all throughout Marina Del Rey.

Sometimes when you drive over a pothole, you think it's a p othole, that's one of her warrens.

Diane supposedly had a hysterectomy, so I don't know how she's getting pregnant.

Yeah.

Months after she gave birth to me, she said, take it all out.

Not for a medical reason either.

Just, I don't want it anymore.

I don't want it anymore.

I store secretly my frozen eggs at the same fertility place that they go to.

What do you mean secretly?

You're not paying by the month for that?

No, I go in every night and put my eggs into the...

That's a lot of eggs.

How many eggs are you unloading?

That's too many eggs.

No, the same eggs.

Wait, you're just taking the eggs out and then putting them back in?

You take them out for a drive during the day?

What the hell is going on?

I put them in a container with dry ice during the day.

I don't like to...

First of all, no one knows they're there.

Well, now they do.

I wouldn't trust them during the day anyway, but at night while I'm sleeping and I have to get rest, I need to know that they're being cared for.

Okay.

Well, you know what?

So I go crawling through the heating ducts and I drop them in.

And then one day...

Always a sniper, aren't you?

Two eggs were missing.

Whoa, okay.

It happened to be the same day that you and Diane came in.

Oh, I see.

So we just happened to go in there and take your eggs?

Are you saying it's our fault?

Well, then we know they're viable.

We know your eggs are viable.

I would not.

100% they're viable.

I would never, never...

She's had no fewer than 13 ectopic pregnancies.

And a son named August.

And a son named...

And a half African-American son named August.

I don't...

All right, I'm going to say that I...

August Wilson-Lisser.

A father has a sense of what's going on with the wife.

Now, I know that this is not...

I want you to test that baby when it comes out.

I mean, I guess you'll know if it has a mohawk.

It's mine.

With frosted tips.

If it comes out with a mohawk with frosted tips, you know it's Lisser.

If it comes out pre-styled, it's your kid.

But it's your baby and my baby.

It would be our, your, and my baby.

And I could finally have a real family.

Hold on, hold on.

Wait, wait.

It wouldn't be related to you at all.

So this would be actually good news for you.

Okay, this is kind of a...

This is a burn on you.

I just threw up a little bit in my throat.

Have you ever heard that?

I've never heard that.

That's a burn.

That's why your classic burns.

Wait, wait, wait.

Hold on.

You threw up.

In your throat.

But you didn't, it didn't come out of your mouth.

No, I swallowed it down a little bit.

I heard a guy say that the other day and I was like, that's a great indication of not being comfortable.

The phrases I threw up in my mouth.

Do you know that one time, one time, one time I caught Seth with a series of flashcards that were human emotions and he goes through them every morning.

And this is what a person looks happy.

Yes, like he has to guess happy.

Oh, that's right.

Sad, frustrated.

So he can read people.

All right.

To be fair, when I was a child, I grew up in almost sort of like a cereal, cereal like environment.

You grew up in Boonton, New Jersey.

I know, but I was left in my crib for days on end without human contact, without any kind of...

They would come in, they drop the food off there, but we got to go work.

I mean, they had to work.

I get it.

Believe me, I get it.

I'm the one who's living in a crawl space.

I should have those flashcards.

Too bad I'm so emotionally adept.

Oh, too.

You're not adept, honey.

You are clumsy.

But you know what?

I don't care about you anymore because I have a new lover.

He's here.

Is he here?

He's here.

I'm going to have him.

I'm having him zip line in from the corner over there.

Hey, Kareem!

You know that the condo's not going to allow that.

Ah!

Oh, God!

Oh, he's coming into a bath.

Oh, my God!

Whoa, whoa, whoa!

God damn it!

Oh, God!

God damn it!

That hurt.

He hit all of us.

How did you get all?

Oh, my pelvis.

Kareem, are you OK?

I'm very OK.

How are you?

Wait, were you guys planning that this whole time?

I'm helping Miss Lissler with the setup of the stage here.

And I saw that this corner over here is available to have a zip line put in.

So we have created it.

Yeah, if I got to pay for this bullshit, I am going to be goddamn mad.

Because this is all coming out of the school's budget.

No, it is?

Yeah.

You don't even work there.

Yep, exactly.

Anybody.

Exactly.

Do you have a warrant hole into the?

Have access to their QuickBooks.

Yeah.

Oh, gosh.

Yeah.

Anybody can now zip line straight into the pool.

Kareem, can I say that your falafel is delicious?

Oh, thank you very much.

Thanks for setting up that stand.

People are really doing it.

That's not the problem.

It is, Marissa.

For you, everything is possible.

God, I love this guy.

Kareem, now, do you sell falafel at your 7-Eleven?

We should mention that you and Lissler met at your 7-Eleven on a day when Lissler was.

Describe your meet cute, if you will.

Well, I walked in to fill up a giant igloo cooler.

I noticed her immediately.

And he said that.

Even though she was wearing complete camouflage.

Yeah.

I had on 7-Eleven camouflage, so I had just taped a bunch of chips to my body.

But I saw it immediately.

Couple bags of sun chips.

I was like, there is a woman wearing a suit made of potato chips.

I want to track her and see what she's up to.

At first, was it you were trying to figure out what she was doing with the Slurpee machine?

She seemed very untrustworthy.

Well, then she broke your Slurpee machine.

Oh, yes.

And you were real pissed.

And then we couldn't walk by there for, I don't know, three or four months.

And then you guys.

I taped a picture from my security camera up behind the cash register.

To say, beware for this woman.

Beware of this woman covered in chips.

Bad person.

Right.

And then you guys went on a date.

That's right.

How did that even come about?

I can't even.

I mean, you have a picture taped of stay away from this woman.

Then all of a sudden you're on a date?

What happened?

Well, he has a separate, like a, what's it called?

That glass that bullets won't go through.

Bullet proof glass?

Where he usually does this cashiering, which is where the picture is.

And one day I just appeared in there.

You'd gotten in through the air ducts again.

And it spooked him.

Yeah, because this is a place where everything is safe for me.

Yeah, sanctuary.

And then, I'm not sure how she got in there.

I don't know what happened.

It was like, you know, in the Batman movies, when the policeman is talking to Batman, he turns around, the Batman is gone.

It's the opposite of that.

The opposite of this.

I am just sitting there talking to myself.

I turn around and this woman is there.

And in four questions, I broke through the emotional wall as well.

And we were friends again.

Yes.

May I ask what those questions were?

You may not.

Okay.

What did she ever ask them?

Don't answer them unless you want to fall madly in love with her.

How will I know she's asking?

You're not going to know.

I had no idea until question number four.

And questions one through three, I'm not even sure if they 're relevant.

They're gibberish.

Yeah, but question four, I immediately, everything changed for me.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

I broke down and begins crying.

But also, stirring in my loins.

Okay.

What happened in that, behind that bulletproof glass?

We made love.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, we made love.

And then we filled out a contract.

Yep.

And we went on a series.

Post lovemaking.

I didn't have the papers with me, Marissa.

And sometimes...

Well, I thought you said you always have to get a signature before you go forward.

She didn't want to do any work until you get a signature.

She made me sign a blank piece of paper.

Yes.

But this is an example of my trust in her.

I knew that she would not use this for ill will.

That's beautiful.

All right.

Well, I guess I'll do the introductions.

I'm Dr. Seth Wampler.

Hello.

Sorry about that, Seth.

Somebody's jealous.

Sitting here like a jackass.

Somebody's jealous.

I'm Scott Ockerman.

I've been asking you questions.

Obviously, you must have heard the podcast.

I feel bad because I feel as though I'm being rude.

But I've heard all about all of you guys from Lisa.

Yes.

Oh, so have you listened to the show?

You've just heard the listener talk about it.

I don't listen to computers or anything like this.

But she's telling me all the time we are together while we are eating dinner.

She's telling me all about all of you people.

And I get most of my DiGiorno's from that 7-Eleven.

So I'm in there three or four times a day to get my DiGi orno's, my cream cheese.

Hot Pockets.

She's very...

Pop-tart.

I keep saying like, these are going straight to your thighs .

Yeah.

And she still eats them.

Yeah.

What happened in that three months you couldn't get those DiGiorno's?

Did you slim down at all?

Or...

Yeah.

I did.

You looked good for once.

And I don't...

Hey, hurtful.

No, no.

What I'm saying is...

He's just trying to encourage you that you could change.

Stop being so fat from down below your waist.

You know what, man?

I'll take that right into therapy with Lissler.

I'm gonna have to cocoon about that for like seven and a half weeks.

Stop being so fat.

Kareem says women in Pakistan, it's a sign of great wealth to have thighs that are 22 times the size of your top.

You know what else it is?

It's also pretty kosher to slam some airplanes into buildings.

Oh, okay.

Where he comes from.

Okay.

9-11, never forget.

Alright, alright, alright.

Same all you guys.

Everybody wants to come in here and rape our buildings.

I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry, but I have to take...

Can I take the mic with me?

Because I think something's going on.

Yeah, yeah.

No, go ahead.

Take the wireless with you.

Okay, hold on.

Okay.

Anyway, so...

Careful on that.

Marissa just instantly started breathing very heavily.

Anytime I move.

Marissa just is climbing down the rock wall.

Oh God.

Okay.

Hold on.

Hold on one second.

I just saw two people go into the pump room.

The pump room?

Yeah, where they pump all the chlorine from the pool.

Lissler.

I know we were in there earlier.

Hold on.

Creak.

We called it the pump room for a different reason.

Which reason would that have been?

She's doing the Lissler thing.

She's making a sound.

Yeah, you don't have to make the noise at the door.

Are you your own folly artist?

What are you doing?

What are you doing here?

Could you please give us some privacy?

What's going on in here?

What?

What is going on in here?

Marissa, what's happening down there?

Well, all I see is a crumpled up pair of jams in the corner .

And um, Jams?

Yeah, and there's Danielle and then two Asian girls.

What?

And uh, I don't know what was just happening, but I'm freaking out right now.

Eric.

Jessica Wobbler, why are you doing it here?

Oh my God.

Jessica Wobbler, you're so get out.

What is happening?

My name is Marissa Wobbler.

I can't believe this.

Okay.

What'd you think her name was?

Jessica Wobbler?

That would be absurd.

That would be like thinking, that would be like thinking Eric's name is Jason.

That wouldn't make any sense.

Sweetheart, ask her if she still has the card I gave her.

What?

The card?

Ask her about the card, sweetheart.

What is going on?

That's not important right now, Seth.

It is.

That girl's feet is tiny.

This is why is everybody laughing.

This is not funny.

Describe what you're seeing Marissa, because we are not seeing what you're seeing and the listeners certainly can't either.

Okay.

They've made a sort of nest out of towels.

In detail, please.

When, especially when you're speaking of Danielle.

A nest out of towels.

Danielle's, Danielle's tits are akimbo.

Akimbo?

They're, they're separated from each other?

They're flopping, they're flopping to and fro.

What is the shape of them?

They're, they're conical in shape.

Their nibbles look like tiny silver dollars.

They're perfect.

In fact, there's a bright light coming from them.

I wish I had brought my sunglasses.

Okay.

And there's two Asian girls there as well?

What are they doing?

They seem to be attending in some sort of way.

One of them has a hand towel over their hand as a waiter would.

I don't know what happened in here.

Eric, are you down there?

Yeah, I'm here Scott.

What, what, what's going on down there?

Some sort of.

Danielle was here and she said she wanted to talk to me about our breakup in the, in the pool house, in the pump room, in the pump room.

So, so I came in here and then.

It hurts.

Then what happened, please talk slowly.

Kristin and Katie came in with us and.

What kind of names are those for Asian people?

They're not American names.

They're probably third generation at this point.

Are we dating anybody like us empty?

Which one are you now?

What's your name?

Okay.

And you're serving tea down there.

Kimmy has produced from God knows where her per gigantic purse, what seems to be a tea setting for 11 or 12 people.

I'll take some tea.

So Eric, Eric, I would be right.

Eric, why are your jams off?

When, um, when we got in here, um, when we got in here, Danielle said she wanted to see something and then she took my jams off.

I just wanted to see his jams off.

You know what?

I don't believe that she took her top off and I got a boner and she said, see, I knew it.

You still love me.

Okay.

That's it.

That's all I needed to hear.

I want all of you.

I want you out of my pool party.

And wait, Marissa, but wait, wait, wait, I said, I don't, I said, I don't love you.

I love someone else.

I'm just sexually attracted to you.

Oh, he did say that.

That is one of the most romantic things that anyone has ever said to me.

Wait, wait, I have to clarify.

You love someone else.

Who are you talking about?

Katie.

What?

He said, I love you very much.

And I said, I love you.

Oh my goodness.

So Eric, you are burning through the ladies at Marina Del Rey high.

I don't know what's happening anymore.

Uh, Choctaw, I'm sorry.

You had to have to see me this way.

You guys want music right now, right?

As to underscore this, just playing just the two of us.

Marissa, I'm not seeing you by the way.

Just the four of us.

Five of there's actually five of you with Kimmy, including Kimmy.

Get out of there.

If it's a negative environment, get out of there for yourself.

I'm getting out of here.

Okay.

Close the door behind you.

Just get out of here.

I hate all of you.

Come on back up here.

Come on up.

I love a good Jap tea.

Oh my God.

Oh dear.

Okay.

Marissa, come back up here.

Use one of the tramps.

Okay.

Get up here quickly.

Wait, use the water.

Use the water cannon.

Okay.

Whoa.

Wow.

God damn it.

You know what?

That was actually a really great idea to use the water cannon.

Cause I kind of felt like I got reborn there for a second.

Yeah.

I'm here real fast.

It wasn't awkward watching you climb up that thing.

Oh God.

I'm so sorry, Marissa.

No, I, I, you know what?

It's better that I saw it because I need to understand what 's going on.

I mean, obviously gutter balls is not in any position to be in a relationship.

And I think we knew that.

Can you describe his mechanical pencil?

Well, it was as, it was as thin and long as I had remembered.

Yeah.

Just excuse me.

Can I just say something?

I cannot believe.

Can I just say something here?

When we went to the prom, I said to you that I thought we could make a very good couple and that I had real feelings for you.

And then you said that we couldn't be together because you didn't feel that way towards me.

And so I went out, I moved on.

Why did you say that?

I declared my love to you.

And I said, I would go, I would not go to college so that I could be in town for your last year of high school.

But you got into Marina Del Rey community.

Why would you turn that up?

That's what she said.

Turn it down, sweetheart.

You turn it down.

You don't turn it up.

Whatever.

And you said that I should go and do that and that you didn 't love me and you only thought of me as a friend.

And so I started going out with Katie Wong.

Why would you say that?

We've, we've talked about Eric constantly since your first appearance.

I had been watching obsessively the Kate Hudson movie, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days.

Oh, okay.

This was on Charlotte Lissler's recommendation.

You got to stay away from that movie.

It's a great film.

I was surprised.

I got roped into that one too.

And I had followed all nine of the steps.

And the 10th step was when he professes his love to you to say that you didn't feel the same way.

And that's how you would really get it.

I want to take this moment and I want you guys to face each other, do a couple squats.

And then I want you to say to each other what you really feel over this Robin Thicke song.

I'm sorry I don't have blurred lines.

Do you need it?

I can give it to you.

It's too late.

Is this the kind of thing you do at 5 30 in the morning?

This sounds more like army training by the way.

What kind of deep, are we doing a deep squat or?

Is there some sort of tire obstacle course that you're supposed to go through?

It's a garbage can run.

Do I, am I spotting one of them or what?

Sure, get behind, get behind your step daughter.

All right, I'll get behind her.

Sweetheart, you know how much you weigh below your waist so don't tip back on me.

Should we get Danielle up here as well?

I'm here!

All right, yeah.

God, you pop that like one of those focus.

Let's all be clear about this.

Katie should be here too.

Yeah, how much, we really, because we all know how we all, how much we all weigh.

How much do your boobs weigh?

Oh God, you know what?

Just so we know if this is going to collapse or not.

I weighed them once on a grocery scale and they're about 12 .5 pounds each.

Yeah, I hope you wet wiped that grocery scale because that 's disgusting.

Couple of bowling balls.

Can someone say wet wipes?

I have a wet wipe for you.

Which one are you?

Katie, that's Katie.

Marissa, I do feel like I should tell you.

I do feel like I should tell you Marissa that even though I feel like you are the love of my life.

Yes.

I have been having a prolonged summer long three-way with Danielle and Katie.

Okay.

Whoa.

Okay, this is tea.

A very hot.

Nobody wants your fucking tea, Kimmy.

I'll take the tea.

Sweetheart, I need, this is Japanese tea.

I'm going to take some of this.

Please don't burn your lip, sir.

Thank you so much.

Kimmy!

She's not part of the three-way.

She just serves tea during it.

She's a tea girl.

Kimmy, she just gives us tea.

Arigato.

Arigato, Domo.

All right, we get it.

You spent time overseas.

Yes, I did.

Wow.

All right, continue.

Please continue with the sharing of the feelings.

Does it feel like the platform's shifting slightly?

Yes.

Okay.

Eric, what I want to say to you is that I wasn't ready for you to walk into my life.

And turn it upside down the way you did.

And now that you have, I'm going to be changed forever.

And I think it's best for us to sever contact, starting right now.

Oh no.

And, um...

Sorry, what kind of tea is this?

I can't, Seth, I am in the middle of an- Oh, sorry, this tea is so good.

It is so good.

This, this platform shouldn't be swaying the way it's sway ing.

I don't feel safe right now, emotionally or physically on this platform.

This is, we've had a- Everybody should get on a zipline to get out of here.

Can we zipline up together?

Before we do, the show's not over yet.

I mean, we should wrap it up.

We have, we've had a lot of revelations here.

This is an emotional, emotional show.

But before we go, we do have to do our last thing on the show, which is a little something we call plugs.

Jesus.

Five, four, three, nose, one.

Wob it up!

Plugs.

Here I am on a podcast too.

Right?

Let's wob it up!

Oh, Granny's all upset.

My last full production of Pippin.

Ready for my moment.

I've got some money!

You've got goods and services!

Let's keep this economy going!

Moving on.

Dardoch.

Useless.

Ow!

Thickness.

It's been plugged up comedy!

Are your plugs done?

I don't have scrotums.

I don't have vas deferens.

I don't have any of the male parts.

Google it.

Mash.

All right.

I'm getting...

Wow.

That is my favorite plug song I've ever...

That's too long.

Marissa, you...

I'm gonna say it is too long.

No!

I lost focus.

Not long enough!

Marissa, you brought that one to my attention.

Yes, a fan, one of my fans...

Who did this one?

This was a gentleman named Tim O'Brien.

He's at the Stanford School for Music.

And you know what?

Sounds like he's in love with me.

So...

He pieced that together.

That was found.

That's a real love letter to his heart.

I'd support you finding him.

Thank you.

I'll take it.

I'll drive.

We'll do it.

We'll drive out there.

Thank you.

All right, guys.

I want to start with my plugs, if that's okay.

First of all, the Comedy Bang Bang Tour NYC in LA sold out.

Thank you so much.

That is so fantastic.

The rest of the cities get on it because these tickets are going fast.

And thank you so much to NYC in LA.

That's very exciting.

The Comedy Bang Bang TV show this Friday, 10 p.m. IFC, 9 central.

We have Gillian Jacobs is on the show, as well as Jason Man zoukas, who is a very funny comedian of note.

I have never heard of him, but...

Yeah.

Oh, I think you're very nice.

Shut up, Katie.

Also, this Saturday at Senna Family, we're going to be showing the Comedy Bang Bang musical episode.

We're going to be sneak peeking that.

And then the cast and writer, Andrew Lloyd Webber, we're all going to be there doing a talk back after that.

That is 5 p.m.

this Saturday, August 17th.

And then Reggie and I will be out at Bumbershoot.

We're going to also be showing that musical episode and then doing a talk back after that.

So come see us at Bumbershoot.

Okay, that's all my plugs.

Should we go round robin style?

How do you want to do this?

Sure.

Well, Lisan and I can go together.

Okay.

There's a show that's not on television yet, but that we're really excited about.

You just heard about this?

Just heard about it.

We go to the up front.

Really?

We're not invited, but we sit behind the stage.

Do you have a hole into like a Warren little rabbit hole into the up front?

This happened on a pier, which is easy access.

Yeah.

Essentially, we just track whatever Lauren Graham's going to, and then we go to it.

Okay.

But at any rate, this show is going to be on USA.

It's going to be called playing house.

And there are two stars.

I mean, some of the most gifted and when you say gifted, you mean like the stars program that you're in?

Because there's been some debate over whether it's gifted or special.

They're special and they're gifted.

And they're okay.

I get it.

Jessica St. Clair, Led and Parham and they're creating a new show called playing house on USA.

We can't wait for it.

Right.

They are gifted.

They are.

Their Twitter's are Jessica underscore St. Clair and Lenin Parham.

Right.

And they also have a star names.

Yeah.

Uh huh.

And they also, they did some soft core porn, I think in New Mexico before they did a show.

They did a show that was soft core porn called BFF.

Yeah.

What was one of the F's ever stand for?

I just said it.

Best friends effing.

Yeah.

Best friends effing.

Wow.

And they have a tumbler called Jess and Len.

Wow.

That's good.

And you're just fans of these two?

Just really really big fans.

Really big fans.

We can't wait for that.

It's going to come around, come out sometime, hopefully around like March or something like that.

Okay.

That sounds great.

Seth, do you have anything you'd like to put?

I do.

Thank you, Scott.

You haven't passed off enough cards to.

Sweetheart, sweetheart.

Do you want to eat?

Do you want to have clothing?

Okay.

Then zip it.

First up, uh, Samsung galaxy.

Terrific phone.

Yeah.

I do have a cracked screen.

So if a company wants to send me any prototypes or.

Prototypes.

Or anything that's in the works in the galaxy family.

I'm a great spokesperson.

Okay.

Two, there's a, there's a group on available for my orth opedic surgery facility.

How do people get together to, they all know they have fucked up feet.

How does that?

You'll know.

Oh, if you, you will know, you will know.

It'll either come back in, in thigh sweats.

If you, if your toes are too close.

Or hairy thighs.

Or hairy thighs, or you'll have the callus bunions.

Recurring corns.

I'll go in on that.

Recurrent corns syndrome.

They can give off like a llama like smell.

Uh huh.

That you can't identify.

If you, if your house starts to smell like a petting zoo, that's probably the corns that are to blame.

So what that is, the groupon is a, uh, it's a $5 equivalent .

So you pay $2 and it's worth $5.

Jesus, wrap it up.

Come on in there.

And then another, uh, I'd like to plug a show that I've been enjoying because it's in the medical profession, it's called children's hospital.

Oh yeah.

I like that show.

Oh, that's a good one.

We had Rob Corddry from that on.

Yeah.

I don't know who that is.

He's the guy with the clown.

The clown face.

Oh, okay.

I was on a show with him.

I did a comedy bang man with him.

You don't listen to any of it, but.

Well, I don't like you doing this show.

I know.

Yeah.

Okay.

All right.

Thank you, Seth.

Eric.

Just because it's times are tough right now for this business in this industry, if everybody who's listening to this can subscribe to the Marina Del Rey Chronicle, that would really help me out, especially if you're in my area.

Is that just Marina Del Rey news though?

I mean, that may not really be applicable to most people.

If you're hearing this and you live in that area, could you please sign up?

Because I would like to be your paper book.

Hey, you're using meanness and cruelty as a defense mechanism to shield your true emotions.

Whatever.

Your dick looks like a tiny piece of string.

Nah, that's funny actually.

So then, then why do you think about it so much?

Moving on.

That'll work.

Don't take my own catchphrase.

Yeah, that's hers.

Come on.

And then also, you weren't going to say it.

You kind of forgot that you were.

I stopped because I was in such emotional distress.

And then I'm not on Twitter guys.

Okay.

And let's talk to Karim.

Karim, what do you have to plug?

Well, we are having at the 7-Eleven, we are having a two for one special on beef jerky.

Ooh, I got to get in on that.

I got really good sausage biscuits too.

Is that also sausage biscuits?

Any multiple of two to one?

Can you order some ice creams?

Sure you can.

Six to three.

You can.

It's also sausage, sausage biscuits.

And it's also the month of ice cream because it's the summer.

Please come in and you can get as many ice creams as you want for $5.

Okay.

That sounds actually like a terrible.

The pops, the only the pops.

Only the, the, the.

So you can take a hundred pops for $5 if you want?

If you want.

It seems like a kind of crazy scheme for you.

Oh, well maybe people will come in and figure it out.

All right.

Before we move on.

I do also want to just say one last thing.

And this is not exactly a plug, but it is something I want to get out of the way right now.

Sure.

Miss Lisler.

Oh my God.

What is happening right now?

And since you've come into my life, this has been the happiest, most beautiful period I have ever experienced.

Shoot you in the face right now.

When my wife was murdered in front of me in my country, I swore to her that I would never fall in love and marry again.

I am now willing to go back on that promise.

Is she going to haunt me?

She will never haunt you.

She would want me to be happy is what she said.

Is she a ghost though?

Can we let this proposal happen?

This is the most beautiful thing I've ever experienced.

This needs more info.

I'm not.

I have this ring and I would like you, Miss Lisler, to be my wife.

Can we be together in the state?

What does that mean?

Is it legal for us to be together in this state?

I don't think it is.

What do you mean?

You can marry him?

No, he's a foreigner.

I don't understand.

Legal.

I'm a man.

What?

Uh.

Okay, hold on.

We don't have time.

We don't have the time to pull on this thread.

The platform is fighting.

No, no, hold on.

I want to thank Haley Lear who donated $100 to CBB.

Thank you so much.

And Danielle, what do you want to- Danielle, what do your tits have to plug?

I'm doing the Maria Del Rey dance competition with my Asians.

It's Danielle and her Dirty Dynamic dancers.

What day is that in time?

Stop writing it down.

It's next night.

Come here.

It'll be so much fun for you.

Oh, we have so much tea for everyone.

Let's close up the plug bag.

Here we go.

Closing up the plug bag.

Wait a minute.

The vibrations from the closing of the plug bag are causing - This thing is shifting.

This thing is shifting.

The platform is shifting!

Grab a zip line if you can.

Grab my hat!

Oh, your tiny feet are drowning.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

Dot.

Com.

Ooh, ooh, ooh!

The wolf dead.
