You've seen him on Saturday Night Live, in Jerry Maguire, in his own TV show Action, and he is the star of his own podcast, Moore Stories.

Jay Moore makes his first appearance on the show, and my neighbor also drops by to spread a little bit of his new wisdom.

All of that and Moore, literally, all on today's...

♫ No, no, Erin. Her legs are fine, but the other girl's legs make hers look like garbage.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Wow! Thank you, Grant Oh My, for that wonderful catchphrase .

That is evocative. That really puts you in the place of whoever that is speaking, doesn't it?

My goodness. I would love to be that person.

Either of them. I'd love to be the person saying that, or Grant Oh My.

I would love to be either of those guys, instead of the person I am.

What a horrible life I have.

Hey, welcome! It's Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Monday! First of two episodes this week.

We have a special Babbie bonus episode coming out this Friday, actually, which is atypical for bonus episodes that we do.

And what do we got to cover?

Hollywood Days, definitely.

Hollywood mid-afternoons, mainly.

Comedy Bang Bang Weather Report, looking like a little wind coming over there, but the haze has burned off, and it is a hot one, fellas.

We are in the middle of summer.

August!

So I hope that that does you well, wherever or whenever you happen to be listening to this.

Hope that helps you out a little bit.

I would say leave the code at home.

Definitely. You're not going to need it.

And I think that covers all of the business, right?

I mean, we did the weather report.

We did say Hollywood mid-afternoons.

Good, good. I got that.

Okay, great.

Yeah, I think that's it.

Oh, Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

Of course, keep watching that.

This Friday, we have a special episode with Andy Richter.

Andrew Richter is on the show, as well as Rob Hubel, Aidy Bryant from SNL.

And our guest coming up on the show is part of the SNL family.

So I'm sure when he hears the name of any cast member of any SNL cast of all times, he gets a special feeling in his stomach.

And we'll talk about that.

We'll talk about all of his special feelings here in just a second.

But yes, this Friday, 10 p.m., 9 central.

If you happen to live in the central time zone, don't get confused.

It's not at 10, it's at 9.

Yes, watch that show this Friday.

Now, let me introduce our guest.

He's never been on the show before.

Special, I call those people first timers.

And he is a professional.

He's obviously a radio professional because he's refusing to speak before I introduce him, which is wonderful.

I wish more guests would do that.

It's the sign of professionalism when doing a podcast, in my opinion.

Even though I'm silent, he still refuses to speak.

And this is what I love about him.

Fantastic.

I love this.

I'm almost daring him to speak.

I can explain why.

Oh no, you ruined it.

I can explain why.

We will explain that.

I mentioned he was on SNL, but you know him from such films as Jerry Maguire.

Bert Wonderstone, I saw him in this year.

Yes.

Very funny in that.

The best two and a half minutes of cinema in 2013.

I liked it a lot too.

Maybe I'll take shit from him because for some reason it wasn't a hit, but I liked it.

I thought it was very fun.

Everybody told me it was really bad.

And then when I watched it, I thought, this is really fun.

I liked this.

I liked it.

And has his own podcast called More Stories, which I think is a pun, but I'm not sure.

Maybe it's not.

I don't know.

We'll talk about that.

I'm sure.

We'll get to the bottom of that probably.

It's all of the above.

Jay Moore is here.

Welcome to the show.

Hello.

You know, the scouting report on me, done by me, is I talk incessantly too much.

Very aggressive and very alpha.

So it's nice to just be a guest someplace and just lay back and relax and let somebody else do the heavy lifting, Scott.

That's what I get too.

I get, hey, why are you talking so much?

And you know what?

It's my goddamn show.

You know what I mean?

Whoa, language.

I'm so sorry.

I apologize.

You're better than that.

Apologize to the listeners.

You're going to wind up doing this in the Valley.

You keep talking like that.

Is it amazing you have to tell people in the central time zone, like we've all just signed off societally on explaining to the central time zone like they're toddlers when their TV shows are on.

Like if you even figured out Jeopardy's on at five instead of six, then you didn't move.

What?

Jeopardy's not on at five in the central time.

Eight o'clock Eastern, seven central.

Like you idiots, move to a coast and get a real time.

But why, this is my question, why is everything earlier?

Seriously, it doesn't make any sense.

It doesn't happen in Rocky Mountain time.

Rocky Mountain time has gotten on board with the eight o' clock start of the sitcom and the 830 sitcom.

And I'm entirely serious about this.

Does it have something to do with farming?

Much like how daylight savings time is for farmers.

I'm literally serious.

I know, but I don't know how daylight savings time is for farmers.

I've given this way too much thought being a comic on the road and you wake up and it's pitch black out and you go, I thought this was for the farmers.

Are they farming like for owls?

I don't know why it's so, I'll think of something better, nocturnal.

I enjoy it.

Spinning into a Colin Quinn routine.

All of a sudden there's a bunch of possum and raccoons out, you know, make sure you get the baby corn for the Chinese restaurant.

He's doing the face too.

Of course I am.

What do you think it's worth of beneath the wheel?

All right.

I don't know why if it's for the farmers.

They say it is.

This the TV part of it or the daylight savings?

The TV thing is for the farmers.

It is for the farmers.

I don't know.

I think it is.

Daylight savings time was definitely for the farmers, I believe.

But I think the TV shows are earlier in order to, because people have to get up earlier supposedly to farm.

And is that even the central time zone?

But in Ohio, like we got to like really make, uh, you know, Ohio and some parts of Pennsylvania okay.

I Cody, can you get on the internet and figure out what, what is the deal with TV shows on the central team?

I must sound like an idiot to people who live there.

Don't forget two and a half men, 9 PM, eight central, like not like seven.

It would logistically in a linear, it would go, you know, eight, eight o'clock, seven central, six Rocky mountain.

And then like five o'clock you come home from school and you watch.

All TV should be live is what you're saying.

Yeah.

What it's not all at the same time.

You know, we see in real wrestling, we see it all at the same time.

So in Australia, people are watching it at seven in the morning.

Yeah.

Tomorrow.

Yeah.

No spoiler alerts anymore.

Exactly.

It's up and running.

That's what I'm saying.

I know what you're saying.

I'm trying to crystallize your points eloquently with the comedy, band, gang TV show.

It's insanity to have to live tweet both the Eastern combined with the central and then the Rocky has, I think you should do it the other way.

I think you should live tweet, uh, on the Pacific when it's on in the East and then everyone else watches or reads it in the morning.

Yes.

Like the news.

Yes, of course.

Like, Hey, guess what happened yesterday?

This is fresh.

That's the other big thing that you and I should get into since I'm steering the entire pro.

I don't know.

No, we have to know.

Look how easily I wrench the steering wheel away from you.

Please do.

Please.

Flopped Opperman is the thing about the news is they go, Oh , this is hot off the presses, but it happened, you know, like yesterday.

There's no news in the newspaper that anybody should care about.

There's no, I mean, the presses are working round the clock , obviously.

Yeah.

And, and papers literally are hot when they come off of them.

Yes, they burn your hands.

They do.

That's why eventually the oven mitt wasn't for ovens.

It was for catching newspapers.

It really was.

And this is part of the problem is newspapers have to sit there for six hours cooling down.

That's why they throw them in your bushes.

Exactly.

And by the time you pick them up, the news is all.

It's cold.

It's cold news.

At least room temperature.

And when they say a lead has gone cold, that's what they're talking about is finally.

The newspaper is cold enough to touch.

I feel like we were related.

And that's the thing that's weird is the newspaper you have to pay for.

If you go on the internet and get all your news for free, it's this second what's happening in Egypt right now.

And that's free.

But if I spend a dollar fifty a week, some kid throws it in my bushes.

Mm hmm.

Like that's what I get for paying.

Here's, and this is what I want to talk about.

Are we better off for this?

For this podcast?

Yes.

For this show that we're doing right now.

I feel well.

I had a little bronchitis on the elevator ride up and now I feel okay.

Really?

Just on the elevator ride up.

On the elevator ride up.

Really?

Yeah.

Full on bronchitis.

Full.

Wow.

Full on.

Full blown.

Diagnosed in the lobby.

What?

They said take the elevator to the fifth floor.

And then all of a sudden it's gone.

Well, you know, it's kind of a special area up here.

Well, it's also the tetracycline thing, the ring that you have to walk through.

It's a ball pit.

Of course.

It's called the tetracycline erythromycin.

Jay, welcome to the show.

You reached out to me on Twitter.

Is that safe to say reached out?

No, I groveled really.

I said this is the greatest damn show.

The TV show and the podcast.

I'm fans of both.

Thank you.

And I just thought, well, I should just like maybe let the guy know.

Thank you so much.

Not enough celebrities do that to say, hey, you know what other celebrity?

I'm counting myself as a...

I'm not really a celebrity.

You're on TV.

That's all it takes.

Yeah, I guess so.

Who's more famous?

You were like a teen mom or a bachelorette spinoff.

The teen moms are all so much more famous.

But they're called celebrities.

I know.

Yeah.

But what did they do?

They went on a date with like Ryan or they all have the same name.

Tucker.

Tucker sucks.

That's George Carlin.

Go on one date with Ryan.

All of a sudden you're a celebrity.

You're a runoff.

Yeah.

But other celebrities should reach out to other celebrities more often.

It's sad to do on Twitter because if they don't respond, it 's like getting rejected by a hot girl in public.

Right.

But you were like right away on to it.

I just said, you know what?

I'm just going to ask the guy.

I've gotten a lot of things in my life just from asking the person.

That's what I'm saying.

For example, hey, would you like to go on a date with me?

She says yes.

Which doesn't happen a lot of times with people.

A lot of people, they go on dates just by some sort of like , they look at each other weird and then they all of a sudden cut to they're at a restaurant.

Well, that's what the elders have told you.

Of course.

You know, you read the newsletter and you open it up and you go, okay, I'm playing.

I'm supposed to appear at this point.

I'm playing private Roy Selridge in Bloxy Blues and I'm going on a date with Karen Carpenter.

But you actually verbalized it and vocalized it.

You said it out loud.

I typed it.

You typed it as well.

You covered all your bases.

Or my wife.

No, with your wife.

I'm sure you did type it.

Yeah.

It's one of the few shows my wife and I completely watch together is Comedy Bang Bang.

Because she watches like murders all the time.

And like real live murders.

Live.

Like snuff films, really.

She actually, she holds the boom mic for snuff films.

Oh, interesting.

She's pretty big.

She's into sound design.

She creates sort of like a landscape, more like a Daniel Lanois type person when it comes to the sound.

Because anybody can just mic up a snuff film when somebody 's getting murdered.

But to create an energy like Willie Nelson, Teatro, or Jane 's Addiction, nothing shocking.

There's a whole energy start to finish.

That's really the key.

Scott.

I'm sorry.

I was nodding.

I was done.

Yeah.

I continued nodding.

I don't know.

I was just like, I was in the middle of that soundscape all of a sudden.

Yeah.

See, that's the power she has.

Wow.

Scott.

Jay, is that you, Jay?

No.

Look at this guy in the minivan.

What's up, buddy?

Scott, man.

Hey.

New dad from your neighborhood.

Hey, how's it going?

I was waving at you as you're driving away today.

Hey.

Jay, new dad.

Sorry.

Hey, new dad.

Hold on.

You got soccer balls everywhere, dude.

Well, you know, just getting ready.

She's going to be the next Mia Hamm, my little one.

Hey, Scott.

Are you a new dad?

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

This is my neighbor.

New dad neighbor?

Honestly, I forgot my name because it's not about me anymore.

I don't know if you understand that, Scott.

Yeah.

You don't have a kid.

My neighbor, I never learned his name, so that's why I don 't know it.

It doesn't matter anymore.

When you have kids, you don't know whether you're coming or going.

Exactly.

Do you have kids, Jay?

I have two boys.

Two boys.

Scott, can you just shut up for a second?

You get it.

I wouldn't tell them to shut up.

You get it.

You get it, right, Jay?

Oh, I get it.

Two boys, huh?

I got two boys, yeah.

You get it.

They're 10 and 2.

They're like, it's huge.

How old's your baby, man?

Two and a half weeks.

Two.

New dad.

Whoa, a little bald baby.

Does she have hair or no?

She came out with hair.

That causes indigestion.

You wouldn't know that, Scott.

No, I know.

Yeah, it's bad.

Cause indigestion.

I was a little bit...

Indigestion is when your stomach's up...

No, I know what that is.

I'm not an idiot.

I mean, when the mother's pregnant, a hairy baby causes ind igestion.

Oh, for the mother.

Yes.

Oh, I see.

Well, a baby wouldn't get indigestion.

It's a baby.

That's called colic.

It's called different things when you're grown regular size .

Really?

And when you're a baby...

Like, indigestion for a baby is colic.

What is bronchitis?

Bronchitis for a baby is an upper respiratory infection in a baby.

Oh, interesting.

Or it's called bronchitis in a baby.

Okay.

Yeah, speaking of interesting, I'm a little bit peeved, Scott.

Are you cheesed?

When you drove off, I think you did see me.

I was holding up my cell phone with some photos I'd taken.

And were you trying to avoid...

Yeah, this is her right here.

This is her right here.

She's wearing a hat.

Yeah, there you go.

She's wearing a hat.

Yeah, exactly.

I love it.

And Geddy's got nothing on new dad, man.

That's great.

I wasn't trying to avoid...

Scott, look at her hat.

No, she's wearing a hat.

It's a great hat.

Just for people who can't...

I mean, obviously no one can see it, but she has a hat on and it's great.

And she has her hands up as if to say, hello, hello, look at my hands where they are.

I'm sorry.

I wasn't finished.

Just go ahead.

Go ahead.

Look at my hands where they are.

They should be right here.

And their little feet, they're sticking out as if to say, well, hello world.

Look at my feet.

Look at them.

Well, I'm sorry.

I didn't mean to...

And that little umbilical cord, it's still there.

It's just sticking out.

Yeah, no, it doesn't fall off, Scott.

It's about a month or two months.

See, you wouldn't know this.

I thought that you cut it off.

You cut it off, but you can't cut it.

But there's still a stub, Scott.

Oh, okay.

And it just falls off, really?

Are you putting this on?

Is this a bit?

I don't have children.

I don't care about this.

You don't have children?

No, I don't have children.

Scott, can I explain children to you for just a second so you can survive the rest of this podcast?

Go ahead.

Yeah, no.

You have a dog, right?

Wait, the rest of this podcast, you're not going to be talking about your kids in the entire podcast.

You have a dog, right, Scott?

Yeah, I do have a dog.

You love that dog.

Yeah, of course I do.

Okay.

Everyone knows Rocky.

Your dog is a grain of sand, one grain of sand.

Okay.

On a beach of love, which I have for my daughter.

You see what I'm saying?

Well, I don't know about that.

I love my dog very much.

But you don't get it.

You've never been there.

I've had a dog.

You've never had a daughter.

He's saying what he knows.

Wait, so you do have a dog or you had a dog?

He has a beach.

Well, I had a dog up until when you have, as soon as you have a kid in the house, you got to think about germs.

So the dog had to be put down.

Yeah, put the dog down.

What?

Completely shaving.

We put our dog.

Which did you do?

We put him down.

It's just easier.

We shaved our dog before we put her down.

Wait, you did both?

Yeah, we did both.

Just cleaner cleanup, easier cleanup.

You just do it in the garage between the cars so the neighbors don't see.

It's quick.

You can make it quick.

It's Sunday.

You know, it's germs, Scott.

You have Purell.

You have to Purell when you go in.

Yeah, I imagine germs are bad for a baby, right?

Is that what you're saying?

If you're going to come over and visit, Purell.

Oh yeah, here's another one I should describe.

Is that safe putting your baby on a choo-choo like that?

Yeah, she's on her mommy's lap.

She's fine, Scott.

You're a worry wart.

It's Amtrak choo-choo, yeah.

You're a worry wart.

And her little hands are up as if to say, oh, hello, hello.

Immigration laws are too weak in this country.

Hello, hello.

Right wing baby cracks me up every time.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

Yeah.

Wait, what are you saying?

You're saying, why would your baby be saying that?

What are you...

No, I said they're, I'm trying to describe what the hands look like.

Oh, okay.

They look like they're saying, hello, hello.

Immigration laws are too weak.

Yeah, not the baby, the baby's hands, Scott.

I don't know.

Why is it so arduous?

They don't have depth perception or political opinions in two weeks.

Look at the hands on the choo-choo.

I'm looking, it just looks...

It's like we're hemorrhaging immigrants, just in and out, in and out.

Just taking jobs and taking jobs and just sucking up the government tit, Scott.

Look, guys, I agree with all this.

You're so aggressive and just weird.

I don't know that this is that kind of a show, where we talk about things that we agree on.

Babies?

Who doesn't like babies?

Scott Ockerman hates babies.

Scott, every...

He just doesn't get them.

He doesn't.

I feel kind of sorry for people who don't have babies.

You just had your baby, new dad.

Two and a half weeks, Scott.

I know, I'm converted.

You stay up for two and a half weeks and you say, if you say, I just had a baby, you would say, oh my God, I had a baby two and a half weeks ago.

It seems like an eternity because that's when true life begins.

You want to hear the birth story?

Everybody has a birth story.

Yes, yours or the baby's?

Well, you know, our families, it's my wife's included, of course.

Oh, great.

It was 2 AM and my wife woke up in the middle of the night and she was screaming.

Yeah.

She's going through contractions.

She's screaming like...

Scott, please.

She's screaming loudly.

Put it down.

Like what?

I can't ask any questions, Jay?

No, but you're raising it up.

I can't ask one single question of our guests?

All I'm asking is that you set it down is because you're making me nervous.

Well, I don't mean to make you nervous, but I...

You're like an ignorant child, but go ahead, because children ask questions.

Yeah.

Go ahead.

Like what?

A scream is like...

Like a horrifying, like I'm being murdered.

Exactly.

Jay's wife is taping me type scream.

The first thing I got angry about was why are my neighbors not calling the police right now?

They should.

They should, because it was a bloody murder.

Blood curdling.

Yes.

And did that happen to you?

Were you at home when she started having like...

Why do the neighbors not do anything?

What are they going to do when it is a bloody murder scream ?

Everybody turns their head.

No one wants to get involved.

Turns a blind eye.

Central park.

My wife went into labor.

We were salsa dancing.

Really?

On purpose?

Yeah.

A la cantito is a salsa night.

Oh, okay.

And my wife just started screaming, screaming.

I thought she was just really...

Really into it.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, salsa dancing.

Yeah.

See, Scott gets it.

See, I finally get this, but I guess I don't...

Yeah, I get this is a topic I'm very comfortable with.

Well, naturally, you're obviously a lovely dancer.

Thank you so much.

Handsome.

I have two right feet as opposed to two left feet.

That's all you need.

Those are the best dancers in the world are people with two right feet.

And soccer players.

Pelé.

Why that expression came about.

Look at the photos.

Look at it.

Proof.

People.

Where are you going?

Come back, come back, come back.

I'm sorry, I was just looking at...

Where are you going?

No, I was looking at the photos.

Do you guys just...

Come on back.

So anyway, we get to the hospital.

Okay.

And she's still screaming.

She's screaming and what the doctors will say, they'll say on a one to ten scale, a pain scale, where do you feel you're at?

And my wife, she said, I'm at a nine.

Oh.

But then I said, honey, there's been men in war with napalm on their face.

Let's give them the nine.

Yeah.

Let's...

I mean, this is just childbirth.

People have been on fire.

People have been shot.

I hear being shot in the stomach is the most painful way to die.

Right.

So if you...

For hours and hours, you're just sitting there and...

So she's at a nine.

What would happen if I shot her in the stomach right then?

That's what I was saying here.

What if I shot you on...

What if I lit you on fire right now?

You're going to be a nine and a half.

9.3?

Lighting a fire isn't one digit.

Yeah.

So I told the doctor, she doesn't know what she's talking about.

Enough with the hyperbole.

She's an hysteric.

She's like a three, maybe a four on the grand scheme of pain in the world.

Oh, it's a pain you went through.

In the car.

Exactly.

I was going to get this later, but the men...

We're going through stuff too, and no one's really...

We don't have visualization exercises or anyone massaging us.

You don't have breathing exercises to control your rage.

Right.

Yes.

Exactly, Scott.

Yeah, I get it.

I mean, she's screaming in the car.

It's hard to drive that way.

Wow, Scott.

When she woke me up at 2 a.m., I was like, go back to sleep .

I need my driving sleep if we're going to get to the hospital okay.

Anytime I get behind the wheel of a car, I need to have at least eight hours right before then.

I'm looking out for her safety and the child's safety.

Right.

All right.

Okay.

I'm speaking here as a new dad.

I have a lot of passion here.

Well, it's for skin to skin.

Not only that, but you have to get up in the morning to go to work to pay for this baby.

Exactly.

You need to sleep.

I don't get it.

Exactly, Scott.

So, you know, I talked her off the pain scale.

What did you get her down to?

I said it's a three or four.

Let's be reasonable.

I had my wife convinced when she was in childbirth and I had her convinced that there was no pain, there was no scale.

We weren't even in a hospital.

I just told her we were in the movie Brazil.

That's what you're supposed to do.

Total gas litter.

Just gas litter.

That's called a visualization technique.

You're supposed to take it somewhere.

You've never had sex.

That they've had.

You don't even know me.

I'm a stranger.

I'm a strange man.

Yeah.

Yeah, you're in the trunk of my car.

You're in Syria.

You have to be quiet or else the police are gonna...

I'll drop you off at a Dave Matthews concert before you can say grave digger.

Exactly.

That is the way to do it.

His best song, by the way.

It's up there.

Yeah.

It's not bad.

Yeah.

That is the way to do it.

The visualization can be, the doctors don't say this, but it can be a threat.

You know, they want you to say visualize a waterfall or that time we were on the beach on our honeymoon because it can be like you say visualize me putting you in a small room in a steel box.

Hmm.

You don't shut up.

Yeah.

I don't think that...

I mean, I can't get on board with that.

I mean, you know, I've been on board with everything.

Literally everything.

That's not what I said.

You're supposed to visualize something that makes you happy .

And I said, do you remember the Monday Miracle?

You'll remember this.

The Monday Miracle, the Jets were down to Miami in the fourth quarter.

Oh.

Curtis Martin and Wayne Cribbat, booyah!

Sports!

Went into three overtimes.

Started to rain.

I believe.

Started to rain.

Orange seats in that Dolphin Stadium.

Yep.

And my wife's like, I'm not a sports fan.

Let him finish.

There's extra time, right?

Let him finish.

Isn't there?

There's extra time after the game.

Jesus, Scott, you're interrupting the birth story.

Oh, sorry.

But there's extra time after the game, right?

Not in a birth story.

Yeah, they're called overtimes.

There's no overtime in a birth story.

I'm sorry, I don't want to interrupt your very important story.

You're very good at it.

I just want to get clear on what overtime is.

I don't even know where I am at this point.

In labor, there is no overtime.

Yeah, there's no overtime in a birth story.

But I want to know how much did the baby weigh?

Yes.

OK.

She came out a little fat.

She was seven pounds.

And I think that's just getting down the wrong road.

It's, you're right.

You're right.

No bread.

Seven is going to lead to 30, is going to lead to...

250.

Exactly.

You know?

It's just...

Sometimes more than that.

Yeah.

It's a snowball.

I'm talking about for a 411 girl.

Oh, OK.

Then you're actually right on the money.

Oh, that's what you like?

Is 200, 411, 250 pounds?

No, it's not what I like.

It's actually what's the scale chart right here.

Oh, yeah.

Thank you for bringing that chart, by the way.

Well, I got it in the elevator when they cured me of my bronchitis.

They said, don't forget your height weight chart when you 're born at seven pounds.

Yeah.

In my own life, I've gained a lot of weight at Starbucks with the caramel macchiatos.

A lot of the lattes and stuff.

How many do you drink a day?

Just one, but it's a Venti.

Venti is Italian for 20.

Yeah, 20 ounces.

We love that in role models.

The movie, role models.

Oh, I...

Oh.

Sorry.

It's OK.

No, I mean, that's where I learned it.

I should say we as Americans.

I learned it in Italy.

I guess you're better than me.

Apparently, you get your news in the morning in that paper, and it's a little old.

Yeah.

Was that in this morning's paper?

That was this morning.

That is cold news, my friend.

I don't want cold news.

And I want breaking news.

Can I ask you a question?

Go ahead.

New dad, is there anything funnier than when the doctor goes, 10 fingers, 10...

Oh, yes, 10 toes.

And you breathe that sigh of relief, because when the baby comes out, you go, oh my God, what if my baby has six fingers and like 11 toes ?

And then when the doctor counts them off, that was probably the biggest laugh.

And I'm a comedian.

When I came out, toes is not top priority with me at that point.

When I came out, my doctor said 10 fingers, 10 toes, but all on one foot.

And then we all laughed.

Oh, you're putting me on again.

No, no, we all laughed.

We all laughed.

Oh, no, I mean about having the 10 toes on one finger hand.

Yeah, yeah.

On one hand.

You're a panic.

He called it a combination arm slash leg with 10 fingers and 10 toes on it.

See, that doctor's funny too.

That's a funny doctor.

That was you that came out?

Yeah.

And you remember that joke?

Well, we had a tape recorder, because my parents decided to tape record my entire life.

So I have the tapes.

I'm a little older than you.

We had reel to reel.

Actually, we are not together like Kubrick.

We are not that far apart in age.

Oh, really?

Yes, we are.

We're, uh, you were actually younger than I.

Well.

By one month, my friend.

Is that true?

That is true.

Oh, wow.

Where are you going?

Why do you keep your phone?

Come on, man.

Come on back.

We're having a great conversation about our birdies again.

New dad, I'm sorry that I ignored you this morning, but I had to get here.

You've shown me so many pictures of your kid.

These, I'm just disturbing.

I assume you're going to have a kid and you're going to want to know all this stuff, Scott.

Why not?

Why not know it now?

Why would you know the five S's?

Five S's?

No, Scott.

You know these, Jay?

You're acting like a...

The happiest baby on the block.

Five S's.

I have no idea what this is.

Do you know this video?

Do I know this video?

What is this?

When you look at the comments...

Gotta keep a baby happy.

When you look at the comments...

The five S's.

When you scroll through the comments and see if I know this video.

Okay, let me scroll through the comments.

Jmore37?

Who's that guy?

What's that say?

I guess he does.

Wow.

I'm the guy that said fifth.

Nice.

Yeah.

You were sixth though, I'm looking at this.

I just, I didn't realize that.

You were a little late.

I just didn't realize it at the time.

But what is the five S's?

I don't even know what these are.

Baby bronchitis.

Well, they're swaddling.

That's very key.

Swaddling.

Do you know the baby has...

Yeah, let's write these down.

The baby has an arm reflex.

It's called the startle reflex.

And if you don't keep the arms to the side of the baby, then it feels like it's falling.

Oh, that's kind of like when you're, I know there's a term for it, when you are dreaming and you sort of like jerk.

Startle reflex.

Well, I mean, there's a more precise.

I think Scott's...

Well, that's the term.

I think what Scott's talking about is the dreaming and your arms flap around when you're dreaming.

Yeah, is that what you're talking about?

That's precise term?

Yeah.

No, but there is a more precise term for it.

I don't know what it is.

It's a desk reference. I could look it up. It came with my chart right here.

Yeah, if you wouldn't mind.

And Cody, you're on the Central Time Zone.

We have a lot of research to do for this show.

Wow. Yeah. I didn't know this was going to be...

All right.

Swaddling, startling, swindling. What else do we have?

Well, swindling is when you convince the baby of one thing and they get something else.

Like you tell them, I'm going to put you in the bassinet.

It's all soft.

And then you put them in a bread box.

Or a Coleman cooler.

You swindle them into position.

Or an igloo cooler, actually.

Or a George Foreman grill.

Not on, of course.

Yes, around.

In?

No, you drape them around, like just when you're selling the home for the open house photos.

I'm going to put you in the crib.

Look at this, five bedrooms. George Foreman grill with baby .

Guys, I have to say, so far, everything you've said, with the exception of the Nazi pose, I think I've been okay with.

But putting your baby, and this is a baby we're talking about, a newborn, just for the listeners.

It's two and a half weeks old, Scott.

It's not a newborn.

It's two and a half weeks old.

On or near a George Foreman grill, you are insane.

Because what happens if someone, including that baby, plugs in that George Foreman grill by accident?

They don't have that kind of muscle control at two and a half weeks, Scott.

It's just another thing you don't get.

What if your wife, new mom, comes in, says, you know what, I'm going to fire up the old grill.

One, I don't trust a new mom.

They're like a feral cat.

Did you say virile or feral?

No, he said virile.

Feral.

It's like a feral cat with a virus.

Okay.

I just don't trust.

They got a lot of hormones going through them.

Cats go viral.

But how can you keep your wife from plugging in things then ?

If you say don't trust her, that's great.

I agree.

How do you keep your wife in the house?

He doesn't have a wife.

He doesn't.

He's single.

I live in his neighborhood.

He has.

Yeah, I have several ladies around the house.

Aww.

You know.

What do you mean though?

Do you put mittens on her?

How do you, what do you do?

How do you keep them from plugging in things?

Lock the door?

Wait, you keep your wife in a room?

Scott, for the first three months, a wife's job is to pump out milk.

That's all they need to do.

Okay.

You don't need to be roaming around the house or out in the neighborhood to pump out milk.

Well, we're learning a lot, but we do have to take a break.

New dad, can you stick around?

Sure. I have at least three more S's.

Okay, great.

And Jay, how about you?

How many S's do you have?

Just one.

Okay.

We'll get to that after these or this, depending on how many we have.

I mean, it could be one, could be two.

I don't know.

Messages or message.

See you after the break.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here.

We have Jay Moore of, I want to say Arliss, but it's action .

No, Arliss is it.

You were on Arliss?

Yeah, I'm Robert Wohl.

Oh my gosh.

I'm Robert Wohl.

He's doing the face again.

I'm Robert Wohl.

He looks exactly like him.

Amazing.

And of course, Saturday Night Live.

Briefly.

But hey, you were on it.

Sort of.

You were.

It's a tough hustle, man.

But it's all my fault, at least.

I'm not one of those guys that point at the building and at Lauren and go, you know, what the heck? What's the haps?

How come you didn't make me famous?

What's the haps with the sitch?

Yeah, exactly.

I go, you know what, I could have handled that a lot differently.

And you wrote a whole book about it?

Yeah, I did actually.

And it's called Laughter on the 23rd.

The Bible, the only book you'll ever need.

The Book of Matthew.

Congratulations.

You're welcome.

That's amazing.

And they made a movie based on that.

On the Book of Matthew.

Yeah.

My book, Jay Moore's Saturday Night Live, Book of Matthew.

Great.

Fantastic.

Called The Roots, yes.

No, just Roots.

The Roots is a band.

Oh, that's true.

Check and George.

The Roots was based on that miniseries, Roots.

If they did, I have a check coming.

Yeah, I'll tell you that.

Yes, you do, sir.

And we have new dad who's my neighbor, whose name I never learned.

You never told me it.

Like I said, once you have a child, it's not about you anymore, Scott.

And I really, I can't remember my name anymore.

That's interesting.

It's really about my daughter's name.

What do you- Which you haven't asked.

Oh, I'm sorry.

What's your daughter's name?

Daddy.

Daddy?

Yeah, I wanted to make sure the first words out of her mouth were daddy.

So now I think I'm doubling my chances there.

So you sort of, you call her daddy in case she calls herself- How's daddy doing?

Do you love daddy, daddy?

And so- Does daddy want something from daddy?

See, she's hearing double daddies in every sentence.

I love you, daddy.

That's good.

Exactly.

Wait, Jay, were you just telling him that you love him?

Or- I just- I'm- I'm- what?

Jay, and this is a serious question.

I know you've been having a lot of fun here.

Yeah, really?

We really have.

I'm trying to help single- single- Single dad?

Single married dad.

We threw the negativity and stuff.

But, and this is a totally serious question.

Have your kids ever expressed love for you?

Never.

Really?

I'm so sorry.

But that's not something you expect.

It's not- What about the first time this is what I'm looking forward to?

I've heard about- Because it is a business.

I hear at some point, and once this happens, your world's never the same again.

You make your child laugh.

In the time that you make him laugh.

Poor guy.

Come here, man.

Come here.

Don't touch me.

Poor guy.

Why can't I- Jay's touching you the entire interview.

Because we're dads.

He's a dad.

He gets it.

You know, it's not parent friends.

It's parent business.

But did you do that?

Did you make your son laugh?

Everything changed.

It's Scott.

I just tickled him until he got creepy.

I just tickled my sons, tickled my sons, and they go, that 's enough.

Okay, daddy, stop it.

Stop.

That actually hurts.

It's not laughter.

It's burning my shoulders.

That hurts.

And then when they see me, they just put their shoulders up around their ears because they know I'm gonna just get in there and just tickle them hard.

Yeah.

They put their shoulders up.

Like this, look.

Like Mayweather.

He's doing the face.

Like this.

I get it.

Like Merriweather, you say?

Like Floyd Mayweather.

Merriweather.

Look at this guy.

Is this like a Dungeons and Dragons convention?

Yeah, I know.

Is there a 12-sided die-laying around?

I'm sorry.

I'm interested in sports and you guys won't answer any of my questions.

Total nerd.

Scott's a nerd.

He doesn't even have a baby.

Having a baby makes you a jock?

You have to be a man to have a baby.

You have to like sports to be a man.

You know when you carry the baby around, you get big arms carrying the baby, you can get your gut as big as you want, and you've made love to a woman so people know you're not a nerd guy.

Oh, man.

That sounds good.

You go to Blizzcon.

Do you know the love you have when one of your comic books comes out?

When the new comic book comes out and you run to the comic book store and you're like, ah, my comic book's here.

That love?

Yeah, I mean, I know that.

That's a grain of sand on the beach, which is my love between my daughter and I.

Are you trying to say you love your baby more than I love Batman?

I think I can put this in perspective.

Okay, thank you, Jay.

Please do.

You go through your TiVo.

Okay.

Bop-bop, bop-bop, bop-bop.

Client list.

Jennifer Love Hewitt.

Ooh.

Boom.

That's it.

You now know what it's like to hold a baby in your arms.

Now, let's be honest.

Now, let's be honest what it really is.

No, you don't know what's going through your TiVo.

Okay.

You see comedy bang bang.

You see your own show.

Best day of the week.

You turn it on, you look around.

No one's around.

Pull your pants down.

There's your visage up on the screen.

You start whacking it to your own jokes.

You're like, look how funny I am.

That pure joy that you get right there and happiness.

Yes.

That's about 20 grains of sand.

Yeah.

On the beach.

What do you do for a living?

I'm a comic.

Thank you.

And new dad, what do you do?

Oh, I'm sorry.

I forgot.

I honestly, I had a great job and now it's all about my child and I just.

You haven't shown up for work since you've had the baby?

Yeah, you can't.

You don't get it, Scott.

What?

Because if you go to work, Scott.

I'm not all in my own head.

Everybody says, what are you doing here?

You have a two and a half week old baby.

You should be at home getting those buckets of milk out from under your wife.

But that's fine when you're a comic like you, Jay.

But new dad, how do you, how, I mean, how are you going to make your money?

Like how.

Buckets of milk.

It's not important anymore.

What's important is my daughter, not money.

Look at you.

Money, money, money, Scott.

That's all those people ever think about.

All you are is watching reruns of your own show and sitting in a big bucket of money.

Counting my money.

IFC money.

Big bucket of IFC money.

I asked them to pay me in a bucket.

They complied.

They were nice about it.

It actually makes it seem like more money when you put it in a bucket.

A lot of dollar bills.

They understood it too.

They were like, oh yeah, I got it.

We've had that before.

Yeah.

Mark Marin.

Yeah.

He got half a bucket.

We'll give you a full bucket.

That's nice.

You got a full bucket.

He only got a half bucket.

Yeah.

You know.

Is that a comment on the ratings?

No.

It's second season.

Second season.

Oh, I get it.

Yeah.

He'll get a full bucket next year.

See new dad, the ratings, it's incremental.

Yeah.

You know, like when you're like, if your TV show is born at seven pounds, the very next year, it's an automatic eight pound TV show.

It doesn't balloon to 250 pounds.

Now you're speaking my language.

Oh, I will.

How does a baby get canceled then?

A baby gets canceled when they die because you don't get them out of the Coleman cooler in time.

You go, oh my God, I haven't put ice on that baby in a long time.

A lot of babies, they go for 80, 85 seasons.

A lot of babies.

Yeah.

If you go to a nursing home, those were all the old people you see like in a nursing home.

Sure.

They used to be babies.

That's like the Bonanza or the law and order of babies.

Old people.

Yeah.

Scott's right.

They've been going on so many seasons.

Yes.

And there's 60 minutes of babies.

When you die, you're canceled.

They're the Simpsons.

Yeah.

Simpsons are 111 year old baby.

Yeah.

Now I get it.

So if you go to a normal hotel.

Now we're all on the same page.

And you see them with like bad hips and wheezing and coughing and they got like medicine and an IV drip of morphine.

That's like a really bad, should have been put down a long time ago, baby.

Like old, you have a lot of advice.

Yes, sir.

What's the number one piece of advice that I should in the first three months I should know about?

Yeah, this is great.

So I'm getting out of the first two weeks with my child.

What should I be?

Oh, with your child?

What advice would you give me?

I would say build up pain tolerance.

That's the first thing because crying, you're not going to get your eight hours of sleep to drive.

You know, you're driving sleep, right?

So if that baby's crying because they have any discomfort, you really have to build up pain tolerance in the baby.

I hear that so like a shot is a bit of the virus.

Or just pinch them.

Pinching is very good.

Scott has a, that's prescient.

Yeah.

All right.

Scott has a very good point.

All right.

What you really want to do with your baby is teach you to keep his trap shut.

That's what happened to Anne Frank.

She went all the way up in the attic and she wrote a stupid diary.

I swear to God he's doing the, I wish people could see it.

Of course I'm doing the face.

It's an impression.

What am I supposed to do?

I know, but I feel terrible for people.

They can't see this face you're making.

My Nipsey Russell.

Where's your baby right now?

I mean, you took off and your wife is locked in the room.

Where is, oh, new dad.

You got to keep tabs on your baby.

I was taking a photo.

The baby carrier car carrier was on top of the car and I was taking a photo and you came out of the house and I said, Hey, Scott, you're not going to pin.

Look at this photo and you drove off and you had, you gave me one of those side glances, pretending like you didn't see me.

That got me mad because I was always interested in your show.

Not my watch.

Commie bang, bang every Friday.

That's Scott's baby, which is really sort of like a two year old baby.

Yeah, exactly.

It's just a different show.

I appreciate that.

So I interested in yours.

I D I fill up my DVR with yours.

You can fill up your eyes with mine for a second.

And once you watch them once for a second, you can DVR with your eyes and your short term memory.

Please don't blame you.

Leaving your baby on your, you left it on the roof of your car.

He did not say that Scott.

I said the trunk.

I did say roof.

Don't be alarmist.

Roof is much higher than the trunk.

He doesn't know what he's saying.

Maybe two feet higher.

So I drove off following you to show you the photos.

Please don't tell me you left your baby on your trunk of your car and it fell off.

Please.

That's not.

I mean, it's got a car seat is a very safe thing for a baby to fall around in.

If anything, they're built for.

Oh my God.

Scott.

I mean, why do you think it's called a car seat?

You put it on any part of the car on the boot.

You can put it on the boot.

I have never known this.

So car seats are built so that if you drive away with a baby on top of your car and it falls off in order to car seat.

Yeah.

That's why they have to face the back when they're brand new.

Oh, okay.

Because you don't want them to see the front.

When in their first season.

Yeah, exactly.

In the baby's first season, you don't want them to see.

In their pilot episode.

In the pilot episode in the first season.

That's where I am right now.

I'm in my pilot episode and it's when you're most excited.

Don't you remember that Scott?

Put the baby on the roof facing the back.

The joy of your pilot episode is but one grain of sand on the beach says my daughter.

Do you finally get this?

But I will say that your daughter is probably lying in the street somewhere at this point.

So do you think you're going to go get your daughter at some point or?

Yeah, I'm not going to leave your show.

Thank you.

That's show.

I appreciate that.

Before would you rather.

That is polite.

I mean, Jay here didn't speak before I introduced him.

You're not leaving.

Oh yeah.

Where are you going?

I'm sorry.

I was just wandering around.

You have some sort of strange narcolepsy though.

I thought it would be cured by coming up to this floor, but I guess not.

I think it's the urethra mycin from my bronchitis.

Not baby bronchitis, grown up bronchitis.

Well, you know, new dad, single dad said it.

I'm not single dad.

You act like a single dad.

I saw you whistling at the girls in the parking lot downstairs when you valeted.

And not just the wolf whistle.

You were like whistling songs.

I was doing my Reggie Watts impression.

It was weird.

It was a little weird.

Blow trotters, dukes of hazard.

Yeah.

There's a lot of weird whistles.

You're a strange guy.

I got to say you're a weirdo.

Hey.

I've had, I have to say I've had a lot of strange people on this show.

You're one of the strangest.

That's that's a comment on you, Scott.

That's how much you don't get being a dad.

Well, that's true.

It's so strange to you.

Well, new dad, single dad mentioned it.

We do have to get to it.

It is time for one of our favorite features on the show.

It's time for Would You Rather.

Yep, yep, yep, yep.

That's what he was whistling.

Yep, yep, yep.

You're whistling the Would You Rather thing.

Yeah, I finally figured out where I know it from.

Thank you so much.

It does sound a little like sweet Georgia Brown, doesn't it ?

No, he did that too.

He was dribbling a baby.

You were dribbling a different person's baby?

Yeah.

He was dribbling a baby whistling sweet Georgia Brown.

Crazy.

This story gets crazier and crazier.

I was there.

Keep interrupting it.

It's different stories.

It's not one story getting weirder.

It's like life is like a tree roots.

You know, it's just the band The Roots is based on the tree roots.

Yeah, that's okay.

You have this song entirely turned up in your headphones.

I know.

I'm sorry.

It is time to play Would You Rather, and we all know how this is played.

I get people to send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR.

I will read them out loud.

I will then open the floor for questions.

Don't vote.

Don't ask questions before that happens.

When I open the floor for questions, it's time for you to then ask me questions about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice.

All right.

I will then close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning about that.

Then you'll vote, and then we'll tally up the points.

It's very simple.

Jay, you've never played this before, but do you think you have the rules?

We've had a lot of loosey goosey.

Colin got the faces.

My God, this guy's explaining it.

Why don't you just throw a challenge flag?

Get to it already.

Did you do SNL with Colin Quinn?

Is that how you got so good?

But we did share a bungalow once in Rohol with Beach, Delaware.

We couldn't get a room in Ocean City, Maryland, so we just drove north.

It's like he's in the room, isn't it?

It's uncanny.

It is.

Like uncanny in a strange way, like unsettling.

Like out of a can.

Like, yeah, exactly.

You know what I'm saying.

This comes to us from...

And by the way, this is an oldie but a goodie.

This was sent, I believe, three years ago.

How are you just getting to it?

The better question is, I'd like to know how it's taken me this long to get here.

I think of all the comics that have come here twice a week.

This Would You Rather question is in honor of how long it took Jay to get on the show.

So I picked something from three years ago.

And I beg to get here, my dad.

This may...

I may have done it on the show before.

I don't know.

Please have me on your podcast.

Yeah, do you have a podcast?

I'll promote Earwolf, whatever you say.

I'll even go on with Singledad.

I don't care.

I'll go on.

I'll meet Cody.

I'm a huge fan of improv for humans.

I'll meet young Johnny Damon.

Improv for humans is great.

That's on the Earwolf network.

I don't want to talk about that.

I listen to Earwolf.

I listen to improv for humans.

Professor Blastoff.

What else?

Comedy Bang Bang I listen to.

What else?

That's all I got.

I'm tapping out kid.

Here we go.

All right.

This comes to us.

Galmania.

This comes to us from Lucifer Vandross, AKA Jumbo Shrimp.

And I may have done this one before.

Which one's his real name?

You know, I can't tell.

Probably Jumbo Shrimp.

Sorry, Jimbo Shrimp.

Jimbo Vandross.

Jimbo Shrump.

God, I'm messing everything up.

Jimbo Vandross.

Jimbo Shrump.

Coach Florida State.

He or she asks, would you rather clone yourself every time you fart or have to restart your life under an assumed name every time you see a celebrity in person?

Would you rather clone yourself every time you fart or have to restart your life under an assumed name every time you see a celebrity in person?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Do you have a question?

So, you know, I feel like I've already what one of your choices that just basically a woman having birth is basically her way of farting a clone.

Do not vote yet.

We've had a lot of loosey-goosey people.

I didn't say that, but I'm just saying what you're saying.

Childbirth and farting a clone are pretty much the same thing.

Farting a clone and childbirth.

You're pushing out something.

He has a point.

It's painful.

But there's two separate...

It smells.

Ids, egos, and superego.

Your clone is your child.

Your clone that you fart out through your vagina hole is a completely different entity and has a different set of experiences and memories.

And I think what Scott is...

Only if you fail.

Let me finish!

Only if you fail.

I swear to God, I'm sick of this shit.

Break it up.

Get off of me!

Come on, guys.

What's wrong with you?

You're like a maniac.

Skin on skin.

Why is it skin on skin?

I'm fully...

You get off!

Your hand!

Put your shirt back on.

You're still touching me with his hand.

Put your shirt back on.

Please take...

Single dad.

Please take your hand off me.

Please?

Just remove your hand.

Come on, single dad.

Please.

Take your fucking hand off me.

I'm single dad as in I'm one dad.

I'll accept that.

Okay, I am one new dad.

He was totally normal and he just attacked me.

That's crazy.

Talking about vagina hole clone farts.

Skin on skin?

Get off of him.

Making an observation.

That's Def's leopard.

Let the love begin.

Pour sugar on me.

I know where you're coming from, but you know.

Jay Moore is our esteemed guest here and you're an intruder .

I'm sorry, Scott.

I was just clarifying.

And not a good kind like Van Halen on Diver Down.

Yeah.

A bad kind.

Or another modern reference.

Like Rich Hall on Saturday Night Live.

Oh, that was the Wanderer.

Or like a Peter Gabriel song.

Thank you very much.

Off of the self-titled Peter Gabriel.

I like how you're like, or something more modern.

And then you go back further than where I go.

It was.

It was maybe two years earlier.

What a creep.

But every time.

Hey, we're the same age.

What are we supposed to do?

No, you're a month older than me.

That's true.

If every clone does it, the question remains.

Now, single dad found that we're separated and everything's okay.

If you have a baby and you give birth to your vagina hole and there's a baby and that's like farting a life, that baby has its own memory.

Like for instance, it's like, Hey, I just came out of that crazy hole.

I hope I don't have hair on my head.

I'm going to give my mom indigestion.

Like my clones aren't thinking that.

Does your baby daddy, is that what you call your baby daddy ?

Does is your baby?

Dada.

Does your baby have your consciousness?

That's what I was trying to say to Jay.

It's only doesn't have your memories and your personality if you fail.

If you are from the very beginning telling it your memories , telling it how to have your personality, you will have the perfect clone.

That is bad parenting when you don't raise a clone.

No, not legs.

To be honest, this is what, yeah, separate guys.

This is why my parents tape recorded every single day of my life so that I could play that tape recording to my own child should I ever have one so that it becomes exactly like me.

I want to ask a question.

Single, uh, new, new single dads.

You're the newly single dad.

No, the reason I call him single dad is because he's so singular in the, you know, there's no covering that.

I just messed it up.

No, it's newly single dad.

One new dad.

He's one man.

He's a single man who's a dad.

Now, if I get a new persona every time I see a celebrity in person, do I keep me or do I really have to like go CIA through the vaults and am I like Carlos danger?

CAA.

No, that's, you're still relevant there.

I think Jay sees himself in a mirror.

He's a celebrity.

Is that going to reset himself?

That's true.

I never thought about that.

Well, actually in this scenario, Jay, what if a celebrity sees themselves?

That's true.

Has a celebrity ever seen themselves?

What were you going to say?

New, new dad, single dad, go over the assume name part of the second choice.

Okay.

Yeah.

You have to restart your life under an assumed name every time you see a celebrity in person.

What is an assumed name?

Meaning, uh, a, an AKA and also known as does new dads clones.

Are they able to care for his baby with the same skill, dexterity and love that new dad does?

Yes, you can, uh, use your clones as babysitters.

Every one of your clones has a different facet of your personality.

What say it again?

So like every one of your clones has a different facet of your personality.

So for instance, if you have a clone that is duplicitous, okay.

All of a sudden you no longer have that, uh, aspect to your own personality, that your clone takes over the, the entirety of your duplicitous nature.

Does that make sense?

What if I'm not duplicitous?

Well, I mean, everyone has every bit of everything.

I mean, even a fraction.

Sure, sure, sure.

That I'm.

So the clone can take away bad parts.

Yeah, exactly.

And then my alc, my addiction to alcohol.

Yeah, exactly.

So you'll have just an alcoholic clone.

One clone just stumbling around going, I'll never hit you again.

I'm sorry.

Exactly.

And then you yourself, you don't have a problem with that.

So actually a clone is an unburdening tool.

Exactly.

You know what?

That really pushes the, it's, it's, it is a, it is like a, it's a swing state.

Yeah, exactly.

It's Florida.

It's like a swing vote.

We talked about it the other day.

I mentioned Ohio earlier.

Otherwise I would have said Ohio, but I burned my Ohio already in our central time discussion.

You're not supposed to mention Ohio twice in a podcast.

And I appreciate your, you are a very professional pod caster and I appreciate you knowing the rules.

So guys, uh, the floor is closed.

Oh, what?

I told you there was no warning.

So, uh, sorry guys, you're going to have to vote.

And, uh, we're going to go to Jay Moore here, a very interesting player.

He's asked some interesting questions about, uh.

May I ask one more question?

I will allow it.

Whoa.

Oh my God.

Just unprecedented, I know.

Oh my, really?

Mm-hmm.

Ask away.

When I get the new identity, every time I see a celebrity.

Sure.

Can I still be me?

Is there still me at the root and the just several.

Meaning the celebrity, the lifestyle, everything that comes along with it.

Yeah.

Like, is there just Jay Moore floating around.

Your personality, your, your comedy career.

I'm Norm Macdonald, right?

And I had a clone.

He's doing it.

But I had to work these in, you know?

He's doing it.

Oh my God.

New dad hasn't slept in like a month, you know?

He's actually doing it right now.

Do I get to be me when I'm, uh, when I have the new identity?

No, you do not.

You have to change careers.

You have to change jobs.

You have to change personalities, everything.

I'm ready to vote.

I hope so, because the floor is now closed and I'm a vote.

I'm a voter.

We're going to take your vote right now.

Right now.

Let me tell you something.

You know why I could never do the assumed identity?

Because if I couldn't be me, I couldn't be on the comedy bang bang podcast.

I'm going clone.

Going clone.

However, with the clones, you're not going to be you either because I'll just start a bar brawl.

At some point, you're going to have a clone.

That's your entire sense of humor.

You're going to have a clone that's, you know, everything that makes you, you.

But I'll be here before I'm here now.

You're here now.

And I'm going to fart.

Very good.

You're going to see me come through that door and ask, uh, I-I-Illy for a cup of coffee.

Extra strong.

Except I'll say, huh?

She'll say, sorry.

What now?

All right.

We're going to single dad.

Single dad.

How do you like to vote?

I'm not single.

I, you know, honestly, I checked out kind of in the middle.

Oh, come on.

I was just sitting in the photos and I started thinking about farting and cloning and how that's like birth.

And I just going to have to go with that one.

I don't know that you have a baby anymore.

I know you're looking at photos, but you've lost your baby.

Are you jealous of my photos, Scott?

Is that what I'm hearing underneath all this?

Your baby is more than photos.

Do you have any photos of your baby holding today's newspaper?

That's a good point.

Do you have a photo of your baby holding today's newspaper?

You want to be careful with that because it may still be hot and you don't want to.

The baby's you burn your baby's hand.

That's why the baby was hot.

The newspaper might still be hot.

So you want to, yeah.

You want to let it cool down in the bushes.

Okay.

All right.

But he didn't even vote.

You said fart baby.

Clone.

No.

Yeah.

He's going for the cloning.

You're going for the cloning.

You both negate your, your.

No, we don't negate.

We vote as a block.

We don't, we steamrolled everybody.

That's right.

But, uh, you, uh, in the grand old party, the competition.

You cancel each other out.

So it's all based on chutzpah and, uh, with 25 chutzpah points.

My goodness.

Jay Moore is our winner.

Congratulations.

Really?

I didn't break any rules.

And that is of course how we play.

Would you rather whistling again?

Guys, what a, what an incredible competition that was amazing.

That was, that was amazing.

That was close.

25 to 24.

All right, guys, we just have one thing left to do in the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, that was the most help you know.

You may be happy.

It may have worked fine.

It might be just a sub-par product.

It's probably not funny and it probably sucks.

But the people still.

Very George Harrison-esque.

More Belle and Sebastian.

I would say a little more.

I fought in a war.

Guided by voices-y.

Really?

Sisters with voices.

I'm going en vogue on that shit.

My vogues have overrun the studio.

It's not any of those people.

It obviously is Wayne Jay and that is the CBB plug song.

Thank you so much, Wayne Jay.

Whatever.

Wayne Jay whatever is what I said.

Really?

I loved it.

That was great.

You didn't like that?

I don't know what you're talking about.

Yeah, that's true.

If you have a plugs theme, of course, go to the Earwolf message boards and you know what to do with that.

And let us turn to Jay Moore.

What do you have to plug?

You have your own podcast, obviously.

We never got to is it a pun or not?

More stories.

A pun.

It's two thirds of a pun.

Can we talk about it?

Sure.

I mean, are you trying to say that there are more stories on this?

My name is Jay Moore.

I get that.

And I tell stories on a podcast.

And then so it's like more stories.

But it should have been called more and more stories.

Single dad, you're not even you don't even get this at all.

When do people listen to more stories?

When should people listen to it?

Whenever they want, Scott.

It's on iTunes.

You hit the subscribe button.

You don't even have to listen to it.

How often does it come out?

Mondays and Fridays?

Two episodes a week.

More stories.

Jay, do you have anything else that you want to plug?

I mean, we've talked about more stories at length at this point.

Do you have Phoenix?

Stand up live September 19th, September 20th.

Come see me do stand up comedy.

That seems like two days.

Do you do the whole day when you do like all 24 hours of the day?

No, that'd be crazy.

About 18, 16 to 18 hours.

I get up about 4 a.m.

I take care of my kids.

I get my workout in.

Brisk kettlebell workout.

Very quick.

Engage decor.

And then I go right down into the lot.

If people are in the elevator on my way to the lobby, I have to start there.

And I go, hey, what number do you want?

And they go like, uh, two.

And I go, ah, like I just lost a bet.

Like a roulette wheel.

And then they get off the elevator and I just entertained through the lobby.

And everywhere I go, if you catch me on the 19th or the 20 th in Phoenix at standup live, not even at the comedy club, anywhere, anywhere in your anywhere.

It's not my clone.

It's me.

If they catch you, what do they get?

They get a prize.

They get a Laurel and a Hardy handshake.

Oh my goodness.

More timely references.

Who's on first?

September 19th, 20th, Phoenix, everywhere in Phoenix in the elevators.

Single dad, what do you have to plug?

You know, besides my beautiful daughter, daddy, uh, I'd like to come on here and talk about something called the upright citizens brigade comedy improvisational manual.

It's a how to on how to do improv.

Scott, you should check it out.

It's a manual.

What do you, when you say you should definitely check it out.

That's a little negative on Scott.

Yeah.

Read it carefully.

Scott gave me 25 hutzpah points.

I got 25 hutzpah points from Scott.

So I think I'm kind of, don't skip around the chapters.

There's this, there's this, uh, guest we have on the show.

Sometimes Bjork.

Sure.

Once said pulled Bjork sandwich.

Is there a chapter devoted to that?

Puns is normally looked down upon in improv.

That's true.

Yeah.

But to come up with something like pulled Bjork rhyme Bjork with pork.

That's pretty amazing.

That's the next level that we're talking about.

Would you have a pulled Bjork sandwich with tea with sugar cubes?

See, that's another reference to something that happened in the eighties.

Sugar cubes.

What nineties Scott don't decade.

Started in the eighties sugar cubes.

Yes.

In Iceland, you got the, you're all of a sudden you're the guy in Iceland.

All right, let's close up the, Oh no, wait.

I want to plug the, uh, first of all, thanks to Paul Spreng er, a hundred dollars to CBB donated Paul something special coming to you.

Thank you so much.

And I want to plug the, uh, comedy bang, bang TV show this Friday, Andy Richter is on the show.

Rob Hubel, Mike Hanford, 80 Brian from SNL, a lot of great people.

And, uh, we're going on tour tickets.

This is very important.

Tickets for New York and LA sold out.

We have added a New York show.

We've added a second show, a late show.

It's going to get crazy.

It's going to get a little blue if I can predict it.

Uh, this is a great tour.

Uh, we're coming to 12 different cities.

It's, uh, me and Paul F.

Tompkins as our special guest.

And then the birthday boys are going to open up for us every single date, uh, added a second show in New York and tickets are very close to selling out all the other places.

So get them while you can.

We're not going to be adding a lot of second shows, so get them while they're still on sale.

Get them while they're hot Scott.

That's right.

Al Pacino.

Half of Al Pacino.

Dennis Miller.

Half Pacino.

Yeah.

Improv for humans can be a bumber shoot too.

I should say that to be nice.

And love that podcast.

Can you get me on that?

I would love to.

I'm going to be a number shoot as well.

Reggie and I will be a bumper shoot.

Are you?

Yeah.

I didn't know that.

Yeah.

I'd love to see you if you're going to be there.

Yeah.

But please follow us on tour by getting the complete comedy bang bang.

Uh, the live portion of each show we're going to make available to the public either individually by show, or you can get every single show that we're doing, uh, sent to you in the morning for $25.

So go to earwolf.com slash store for that.

And let's close up the old plug bag.

Closing up.

Yeah.

Thank you so much.

And guys that's done it for another show.

I want to thank Jay Moore.

Thank you Scott.

That's you.

Yeah.

Hello.

I'm a big fan and that was very fun and great.

Thank you so much.

You're very kind.

You're too kind.

Too kind?

Yes.

You're such a thing.

We should strive to be too kind.

And single dad.

Yes.

You're too kind as well.

New dad.

New dad, single dad.

It's really the same thing when you think about it, isn't it?

No.

All right guys, this has been fun.

Thanks.

We'll see you later on this week for a special bonus episode and we'll see you.

Thanks.

Bye bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

Dot com.

The wolf dead.
