♪ Candy 103.1, welcome! This is Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to Comedy Death Ray. We are on the air every Friday noon to 1 p.s.t. I am back for my many travels. I want to thank my substitute fill-in guests Jimmy Pardo did a great job two weeks ago when I was in Vancouver. Last week I was appearing on the Sarah Silverman show just wrapped last night, late last night, and Paul F. Tompkins stepped in with a great show.

That's wild. So what do we have today? I mean you don't care about the last two weeks you already heard those shows . What do we have today? We have Let Me Set the Scene.

In front of me are three gentlemen. Okay there's more.

Their names are James Adomian, Nick Swartzon, and Matthew Walsh. Can you believe it? Now all of their mics are on. Yeah. Who's this? You'll never get this.

Is that Borat? No it's my new character. Oh okay.

Sorry I got your new characters mixed up with Borat. Yeah no it's Simon Close. All right let me just say who everybody is.

James Adomian you are a very funny comedian from Los Angeles. You are... I don't know.

You've lost it there. That's about all I have. That'll work .

That'll work. Nick Swartzon you're... I'm a gypsy.

Wait I swear this is Borat. You're sure this is not? I swear I got Simon Close.

Huh okay. Nick you have a Comedy Central special coming out this weekend which we'll talk about a little later. Matt Walsh you are from the UCB. Yes.

You are... we're all going up this weekend to Solvang, California where there's a big festival. We'll talk about that. So that's who you all are.

We're gonna have a lot of fun today. We have some special guests. I believe my good friend Gary Busey will be dropping by. Really? Some other people.

Yeah. Wow. That guy's insane. Also I think I'll...

He really is. That's almost like the premise of that guy's life.

Yeah. Uh I'm insane right? That sounds like Gary Busey right? Wait what would your new... how would your new character Nick do Gary Busey?

Um this is the the Jew. See now that wasn't very Gary Busey specific at all. It just seemed like what Borat would say.

Oh no man I don't... I've I've hung out with Busey a lot and he talks about Jews and gypsies.

And vajins. Um I don't know what that is. Okay. Um we're also... I'm gonna do an Entourage season recap. Oh wow. Coming up a little later so enjoy that.

Let's see entertainment news. Let's go to entertainment news. What do we have?

Obama won the Nobel Prize. The Nobel... what did he win for ? He's an entertainer.

He won for peace. Peace. For giving us peace. Nobel Prize for peace. Oh. Did he really?

Yeah. Yeah we're... yeah I'm so glad those wars are over.

No but they have to be specific about it right? I mean I didn't read the news story.

I just woke up and saw he won. What what... They didn't really... I think they said in hopes that he will achieve peace. Truthfully I don't think he got it for his accomplishments.

I think he got it. Every president just get the Nobel Peace Prize. I know. They love them.

I know. Did Bush get a Nobel Peace Prize? He should have.

Yeah. Keeping us safe. Keeping us safe except for 9-11. Um let's see what else is in the entertainment news. The Cohen brothers?

Just announced plans to make their next film about a rabid fan of satellite radio.

It's called A Serious Man. So that happened. What else is going on? What else happened in entertainment news? I don't have anything. What do you guys got? Seriously. I saw Pandora.

Oh tell us about it. It was crazy. Uh I liked it. It was in space and uh some people got f'd up.

What's... Who made that or who's in that? It's Dennis Quaid and Ben Foster. Okay.

Yeah. Yeah. I thought it was kind of cool. I mean it's it's really loud and and and a little insane and it gets a little retarded but it was enjoyable. I liked it. Nick Swardson. But then again I've lost my mind in space a lot. Really? Tell us about that.

That's a lot. I was in high school.

I went to high school on Saturn. Really? Yeah. You'll see the movie. It's in development.

Oh really? Yeah. Gary Busey and Borat. Some unique challenges. Gary Busey and Borat. Now wait a minute.

You told me earlier that Gary Busey and Borat were nothing alike but now you're saying they're actually in a movie together. Well no they work together but they don't act like each other.

Because you need diversity in films. I'm experiencing Pandora right now with my own mind. Sorry. All right let's go to a uh let's go to a song.

We'll figure out what we're gonna do.

This is Hard and Firm with the Carbon Cycle. Indie 103.1 Comedy Death Ray.

Go!

I am a human being. I have chromosomes constantly splitting through the process of mitosis. Every daughter's cell eats and breathes with me. So I go to the corner store regularly to purchase soda and refrigerated bacon for the violin. My colon and I'm diligently makin'. Some monkeys eat only vegetables and fruit. Their bodies like ours break down their food and really push those parts into various tubes. Then we shit. They shit. Everybody shits shit. Cars get flushed while theirs gets grown and wherever it lands more plants are gonna grow.

Carbon Cycle. Carbon Cycle. We are part of nature's plan. I ran in the forest in a jacket made of RAM because my skin is sparkly thin for ultraviolet rays. The plan hit the vultures circle over hanging free from my demise and all the meat that they don't need is butter for the flies. So I start burning through the trees and helping out a few cause the oxygen that I've taken will give them CO2. I set my toe on the blood that force will fertilize things to feed herbivores. Your carbon travels south down the food chain queue and you are what you eat so that makes you do. Carbon Cycle . We are part of nature's plan.

When we eat. When we bleed. When we cry. When we breathe.

There's carbon all around you and you're passing along.

Yes, that is Hard and Firm. Chris Hardwick who has guest hosted this show once before and I think he was in three weeks ago or something like that. That's his band with Mike Fuhrman. The Carbon Cycle. All right, so to reset we have James Domian, we have Nick Swartz, and we have Matt Walsh. Matt Walsh came in all a Twitter, all a Flutter. He's excited.

He's got important news. He wanted everyone to know about it. What do we have, Matt? It's going to be a great year. I actually booked two really big studio movies. Now hold on, do you mean calendar year or do you mean year starting from now to October? I guess my fiscal year ends in February of every year. I don't know what your fiscal year ends in. So you're talking about February to February. Since February to next February I've landed a lot of big acting roles and I'm co-lead in a movie, a Warner Brothers movie with Blythe Danner and Ray Liotta and Jennifer Lopez and Andy Garcia and it's called Handicapable and it's about people with handicaps who are succeeding in the professional world and I play a hard of hearing lawyer. That's cool. Yeah, it's actually kind of beautiful. What do the other people play? Are they handicapable as well? Sure, Andy Garcia is a blind taxi dispatcher and Jennifer Lopez is a paraplegic chef and she actually cooks with her mouth.

Yeah. Wow. Wait, is she paraplegic meaning only her arms?

None of it works. Oh, so she's quad?

No, yeah. I'm sorry. She's quad. That would be weird if she was walking around and she could just walk but her arms didn't work. No, in the first draft that I read before I had the part, she was a paraplegic and now she's a quadriplegic and she's like a... You have to heighten the stakes.

Yeah, that's what the studio wanted and I think they tested it or something.

What, they tested that sentence? Yeah. Quadriplegic or paraplegic? Yeah. And people turn the dial?

And... Can we turn it up to a paraplegic? That was probably Burbank that tested that.

Yeah, they did. They go to weird... Or Pasadena. They always go out east.

Nick, you do a Carson impression, right? I do. Okay. Sorry to get off on a tangent.

That's okay. And the other, I think I mentioned Andy Arcea is a Down Syndrome actuary. He's like a savant. Okay. And he works at an insurance agency and he has Down Syndrome. Okay. Is that really a handicap? Down Syndrome, absolutely. Okay. Why is that not a handicap? Yeah, it's a disability. I mean, yeah, it's a disability more than...

Well, you mean the term technically. Yeah, I thought you meant as a challenging. I just, I don't want to bring up problems you're gonna have in the marketing. I just want to say that you may be picketed for that. I will be talking to Spielberg somehow involved. So I will be talking to some of these people. So I will. He's somehow involved? Well, he hasn't been into any of the readings, but his name will be on it. Okay. Oh, where? So probably before... Before it starts? Yeah. Okay.

Yeah. I think it's in association...

That's a good place for his name. In association with. Okay . Yeah. That's a coveted credit. Yeah.

On movies. In association with. And then Blythe Danner just plays like a kindergarten teacher who doesn't have a tongue or a foot. Wait, wait, either or?

Yeah, she has neither. No feet or one foot? She has one foot. Okay. So she's missing a foot, which isn't really that much of a handicap because you just get a special shoe. Sounds like... And then a tongue is probably a big deal.

Sounds like some amazing performances. Yeah, it is. It's gonna be a real buffet at the Oscars.

Well, that's exactly it. It's like Oscar bait. That's exactly right. Like everybody is gonna be gunning for something. So now, Matt, you play a hard of hearing lawyer, you said? Yeah.

So what I was hoping to do, because we don't start... We're ramping up right now and we don't start production for like a month, but I kind of want to explore my character, my options. So I was hoping to maybe just do like a minute where like I'm a lawyer and maybe Nick, you could play a client and James, if you could just play a judge. A judge . A judge. And I would just like to kind of create a scenario where I'm trying to be my character. And I guess any of you, if you want to ask a question or help me flush out my character, just say timeout because it's hard to get out of character. Do you know what I mean?

Right, right. So say timeout twice. That way I know you're talking to me. So that way you know it's not dialogue where I'm saying time.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay, good. So say timeout, timeout, and then you can talk to me if you have any questions about the exercise. It's like a basic... Have you ever taken an acting course? Of course not. Okay. All right. Well, it's a basic... Have you seen my work? Oh, zap. It's called flushing out the character. Like at the Actors Studio, we call this exercise flushing out the studio. Okay. So...

All right. So wait, who am I playing now? You can be in the jury. You can be in the jury. Wait, could I be another lawyer? Yeah, you could be the opposing lawyer. Okay, that's good. That'd be great. Am I the lawyer for the defense or for the prosecution? I am defending... You're defending this man. And you're a criminal lawyer? A murderer. Yeah.

Okay, okay. I'm a criminal lawyer. And you're the judge. Ooh, can I be a rapist? Yeah. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. We'll try that. Yeah, we'll just try it. Do you... Well, I had murder. That's the only thing I've really understood. I understand the law of murder. Okay. I'll go back to murder.

Wait, you could have raped her before.

I'll have raped them and just not admitted it. He looked up the right Latin phrases. I'll make it both. Like rape and murder. You have two charges I'm defending you on. Okay. One of them you're just gonna cop to. The other one is gonna be a courtroom battle. This is really helpful. See, right now, I already have my approach to the case. Okay.

All right. So, we take you now to...

While Matt's getting into character... Greg Linkaster is my ... Okay. So, Matt's gonna get in...

Why don't you say closing arguments, Attorney Linkaster? I think that's what they say in courtrooms. Can I... Please don't give me a line reading.

No, no, I'm just giving you dialogue.

You say it however you want. Okay. And I'll be Borat. Okay.

Can my name be Borat? You're my client? Can my name be Borat? I won't do Borat, but can my name be Borat? Just Borat. Yeah. Okay.

No last name. Yeah, just Borat. Okay. Okay, cool. Okay, good. All right, we take you now... Get into character, Matt. Yeah. We take you now to Greg Linkaster's courtroom, the Greg Linkaster Memorial courtroom. And the upcoming handicapable. And the upcoming handicapable, the Honorable Judge Greg Linkaster presiding. Hard of hearing, lawyer. We come to order. We come to order now. I'm Honorable Judge Greg Linkaster and I'd like to open up to closing arguments here from my cousin. Excuse me, Judge.

My name is Greg Linkaster and I object to this whole trial.

Wait, I'm Greg Linkaster. No, we all are named Greg Linkaster except for Borat. Time out, time out, time out. Time out, time out. Sure.

Right up until that it was part of the scene. You're right.

Yeah. You're right, you're right, you're right, right. Okay. See, Matt, that's your first note that we should give you. Time out, time out. If you have a question, you need to say time out, time out. You're right, you're right.

Because you were in character and then all of a sudden you just dropped it. I did. I did. Okay, so time in? Time in. Here we go. I object to this whole, these whole proceedings. What are your grounds for objection? This man is maybe a rapist but obviously a murderer. So I object to this trial.

It's unorthodox but I'll let that stand. Your Shauna, may I ? Yes. Your Shauna, my client is being accused of Shurter. There is no such law in the law books as Shurter. We should throw this courtroom out and let Mr. Borat leave the courtroom. Shurter makes a mockery of our judicial system. Shurter, I've never heard of that word. How can you accuse a man of a crime that doesn't exist?

Shurter, why don't we say poo-poo-pee-pee, your honor?

Counsel, do you mean, yes, do you mean the crime of murder? Shurter, yes, that is what I said. Shurter . Counsel, there is no such law as Shurter.

Counsel, you are correct there but it seems like you're making a mockery of this court now. I'm not making crockery of anything, sir. Shurter is not a crime and my client Borat, not to be confused with the movie, has maybe raped, which I will plea to later, but Shurter certainly is ridiculous.

Counsel, do you mean to tell me you can't properly understand the pronunciation of the word? Time out, time out. Okay, here we go. So was that good? Like, did you feel like the character, like did you get that he was hard of hearing? I get that he 's slightly hard of hearing with just one word or two. And just a couple words. Because your talk 's fine kind of most of the time, so it feels like he just doesn't know words. He has more of an impediment. Yeah, I think, yeah. Okay. Don't people who are hard of hearing kind of talk funny too, Matt ? Yeah, I didn't want to go generic though, like I feel like that's often confused with retarded, to be honest. And there's a big difference between, I don't know if you know this, big difference between hard of hearing and being mentally handicapped. Really? Well, Matt, there's also a big difference between acting an apart and getting an academy award. Well, I'll take it. I'll take it.

People want the pathos that comes with someone struggling. This is why we workshop it. This is great. I think you want to go deep. Why don't we try it with a voice? Let's go back in. Okay, time in. Wait, time out. Sean Penn would use a voice. Yeah. All right. So a voice. Don't be afraid. Don 't be afraid to get decorated by the academy.

All right. All right. Okay. All right, here we go. All right, time in. Counsel, I'm liable to hold you in contempt of court if you don't stop this mockery and pronounce the legal terms correctly. Your honor, your honor, I have something to say. Yes, counsel. It seemed like your accent changed from the beginning of this. Oh, my attitude simply relaxed a little bit. Oh, okay. I'm simply sitting back in my chair.

That's all. All right. Can I please close my argument, your honor? Yes, yes, counsel, you may, you may you may proceed. My client is being accused of surrender.

There is no such crime as surrender.

It's silly to call someone a criminal when they did something that doesn't exist.

Sure, there is not a word. Sure, there is silly. It's like saying poo poo or pee pee.

It doesn't happen in the world of the criminal justice system. I say we throw this case out and comp a plea for grape. Counsel, your honor, I ought to hold you in contempt right now. Your honor, yes, counsel. I agree. I was moved by his words. I agree. I 'm throwing the book out that I was going to throw it bore at. All right, time out, time out. What do you think?

I thought that was a home run. Seriously? Yeah. Really?

Yeah. Really good. All right, because I'm going to bring this into rehearsal, so I really want honest feedback. Yeah, that's big. You made that other lawyer throw that book away that he was going to throw it bore at. I mean, yeah, it was the jury. No, you were the, okay, because I kept thinking he was the other lawyer. That is the one note I want to give you, Matt, is you seem to be confused about who everyone else in the room is. I'm not familiar with the legal system. I honestly have never been in a courtroom. More than that, like when you're dealing with other actors, you really should be like, know who the other actors are playing. Okay. You know, because I, because you got me confused with someone in the jury. Did you just read your lines from the script and not the other characters' lines? Yeah, yeah, I didn't really, that's how I approach acting. That's okay for an audition you don't care about, but if you actually have the part, you should read everyone's lines, I think. Why don't we do just for my sake, let's just do opening statements and everyone in the courtroom just introduces themselves. That way I'll see your face. I just don't think that we're going to get that in the movie. I mean, you know, by the way, I'm directing the movie. I didn't tell you guys, but I just don't feel like we're going to see how many Korean is directing. Oh really? Yeah.

I was replaced. Yeah. For real in real life. How many cr anes during this? No, but Mr. Imbrough.

All right. Okay. So, but, uh, I think, I think you nailed that one. Are you sure? Yeah, I think you did. I think you did. Why don't we, uh, why don 't we go into the second movie?

What's the next movie? It's called Dudio City. And it's about how the Hollywood is dominated by men and, uh, it's starring, uh, Russell Johnson, Edward James, almost Kimball Slice, Jeremy Piven, Wilford, Kimball Slice. Yeah. Okay. Wilford Brimley. Yeah.

The, the he's actually getting, he's a big entertainer. He's, he's done really well. He's got commercials and he's actually a really good actor, I think. And, um, this one is more challenging cause I've never really worked on the other side of the camera, like the production and the development side. I'm mostly just an actor. So this is really, this is more of a subtle character if you will. Okay. So this will just be, you guys are in a boardroom. Uh, it's a fictional network.

It happens at a network called Jay-Z.

And, okay. And, uh, Jay-Z network. Yeah. The Jay-Z network broadcast out of Mexico.

Uh, it's actually in, uh, New York. It's based in New York.

There's no W though ahead of it.

No, it's just called the Jay-Z network. And I'm the, I'm the head of the studio. And this is in the future or this is present time? This is present time.

It's like two years, uh, ago.

Oh, it's set in the past. It's set in the past. Yeah. But it looks, I mean, there's subtle things, like they'll have different albums like, or CDs on the desk , but generally you won't be thrown and you go, Oh wait, where's this happening? There's no like newspapers that show like George W. Bush, still president. It is. They'll have a shot of that, but it mostly happens in the world of like a studio lot. Okay. So not much news penetrates that. Is this like Christmas Carol where you can change your future? So is this like a diversion path? Yeah. Okay. So, so the events of this movie could possibly create an alternate timeline.

Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. If you really buy the fiction. Yeah. But I don't really affect national policy in this movie, although I should read the script. I haven't really read it. It sounds like surrogates. Huh? It sounds like surrogates? Yeah. Hmm. I haven't seen that. So it's not like the West wing where it has the same exact past as us, but around 1970, the timeline diverged and all of a sudden like Alan Alda and people started becoming president. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I see. It has a ripple effect. Okay. Great. Great.

Okay. So, um, um, you guys are, uh, big shots at a studio, but I'm the biggest shot. So don't forget that for your characters. Okay. All right. And, um, again, my character is Greg Lindstrom.

Lindstrom. This is different. Greg Lindstrom. Yeah. Okay.

Can I have a rape somebody?

Sure. Okay. Sure. Uh, wait earlier today. Yeah. Uh, yeah. I mean like if my character on the way to the studio years previous. So two, four years ago. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Okay, cool. If you guys want to write this down five. Yeah. Great acting exercise for everyone. It's good to do history of your character. Just kind of build a foundation. We should all, we should all take actor. I've seen you in many things. You 're great. I'm a big Hollywood studio, big shot. You're a big shot, but I'm the biggest shot. Like I'm like, uh, one of the Warner brothers back in the forties. Okay. Imagine that much power coming out of me and you're like Brandon Tartikoff maybe or something. And you're like a Les Moonves and you're like Greg Lindstrom.

You're like Fred graver. Do you know that guy? Jamie Tarsus . Jamie Tarsus. That's good. Yeah.

Jamie Tarsus. Yeah. All right. Great. Okay. But I'm Tardik off like circa like 80 eight, right?

Yeah. Coke was up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of yaki, a lot of yaki Chan. The problem.

I like that. I'm going to use that in the movie. Um, wait a minute. That's his joke.

Oh, this is like a workshop. I feel like anything you guys say I can use in the movie.

I just tell them to, but at least like give like a footnote . All right. On camera. Do they do footnotes in movies these days? I've seen it. Um, yeah.

They're just a little number appears.

Yeah. My only concern is if you're a rapist, that means Brandon cart. Tardikoff was a rapist. You're playing a historical figure. I think that's a good point, but I bet you think he raped somebody.

Yeah. Well, you know what? Why don't we start with that?

Cause that is the most interesting thing. So I'll call I'm announcing our fall lineup. I'm Greg Lind strom and you guys can say your names. Okay.

And uh, maybe you just bring up what's on your mind. Okay.

That sounds good. And what I want you guys to focus on for me is one, my character, the suddenly my character. And two, do you believe that I know how television is made? Do I? Okay. And I understand what's going to sell. Okay. Great.

Okay. So we take you now while Matt gets into character.

What was your character's name?

Greg Lindstrom. Lindstrom. Can I do it like my characters and played by Philip Seymour Hoffman.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's great. All right. I like that.

Okay. And I'm Jamie Tartsis.

Yeah. Um, played by Borat. Okay. So here we go. All right.

Gentlemen, come on in here. I'm very excited about our fall lineup. Nice. Thank you. Why don't some of you East coasters and West coasters introduce yourselves as I go over the fourth quarter earnings in the third quarter stuff. Um, unless moon goes, uh, you know, you know, the part of the movie where there's the honchos and their big shots and they call it, well, that's the part of the movie right now.

That's the scene that's happening right now. And unless fucking moon votes. Okay. Thank you.

Less. I'm Borat. Borat is also from way East. I'm Brandon.

Uh, torticoff. I just, uh, you know, meeting you guys for the first time. I just want to say that, uh, I know you don't really know me, but, uh, some stuff might, might, uh, come out in the future and I just want to kind of do a preemptive strike and just let you know that, uh, I may or may not have raped. What did you say?

Um, I may or may not have raped. What did you say, Brandon?

Come on. We have a lot of programming to create. I might come up with a ripped what's on the what's up for October. What are we looking at for the someone you may have raped someone. It might come out. There are stockholders in this room. Why are you announcing it so it could come out 20 years from now. All right, fine.

You have no proof. All right. I want to talk to you.

Anyway, October, what are we looking at for prime time? I know this is very important, but let's try to think about our fall schedule. Let's forget. I will talk to you after this meeting, Brandon. All right. Uh, we're looking at something called the dentalist. It's about a dental hygienist who solves crime with a laboratory she has , and it's going to appeal to all four quadrants and already product Procter and Gamble is on board and Boniva and Activa are giving a sponsorship. Uh, what do you guys think you could sell on the East coast in the Midwest and Brandon, God dammit, keep your dick in your pants. I don't need another fucking rape suit.

I didn't use my dick. I didn't use my dick. What the hell did you rate this woman with?

You assume that I use my penis. Don't you raise your voice at me. This is a boardroom meeting and you're talking about crimes. Plan the dentalist.

Exactly. I want to, I want to fuck you every time I see you. I want to just pull your pants down.

Fuck your pussy. Who are you talking to? Time out, time out, time out, time out. Okay. Okay.

That was great by the way. Thank you so much.

Yeah. Thank you so much. That was real. I just don't, Matt, I just don't know about this movie.

I just know it was, it was like actor against actor. You were giving me gifts every time each one of you spoke was like a gift that I had to deal with. It was like Hoffman doing lines from his old movies. You have Brandon Tartikoff admitting he raped someone with something else, not his penis. Which we never got to, which is a great thing. That's a great cliffhanger. You're right. That is probably the best part. Yeah, which you can use that. I don't need a footnote. If you want to pitch that out. Yeah. And skip the footnotes. You can just have that. And then you have Borat just kind of sitting there being Borat.

Which was interesting. I think that's what I want in a movie. I want a curious element. I think the biggest problem though is that the thing that he's pitching, the dentalist? Yeah. Is that supposed to be a parody of the mentalist?

No, I'm just going to come in with some ideas. Yeah, it is a parody of the mentalist. It's a parody. Yeah. So, but the mentalist has not come out yet.

Oh yeah, you're right. I guess maybe he has like, he's prophetic in his choices. Like I don't think it's a parody. I think it's sincere.

Do you think that he sees the future, but he's just one letter off? Yeah, I think so. But he's like, he's a prophet. Like he's ahead of his time. And sometimes those people don't get, you know, the credit they deserve. Maybe the mentalist stole it from the dentalist and the dentalist was first.

We don't know that. You know what I mean? That could be the third act. Yeah. Yeah. This movie doesn't... The mentalist and the dentalist fight. Yeah.

Like the Incredible Hulk and the Abomination fight. Right. Yeah. That would be really intense. That's not bad. Okay, I'm back on board. Good rays and evil rays clashing as they like spray rays at each other. Yeah, totally.

And it could be like, you can't handle the tooth about the dentalist. Oh, that's a great line.

That's great. I'm going to use that too. You have to use that. That's never been seen on any poster.

Yeah. It's not on a poster yet. Okay. So yeah, you can take that. Although they don't do a lot of posters for TV shows. Oh, they will for this. They will for this. Yeah. That's the first for everything in Hollywood. I use my brain. Oh yeah. I use Nova Cane. It's like a... Not sure about that. Climax like battle ride. Okay. Are you just saying that or is that a passable on it?

No, I like it. I like it. I was just thinking, did it feel to any of you like it was two years ago or did it feel too now? You know what I mean? I was so present in it. I have to say that it just, it felt so immediate to me. Did it feel Bush era or did it feel like Barack? There was like a specter. Dude, it was of its time, but at the same time, it was timeless. We were transported into a world that was also our own world. I thought it had Obama dripping all over it. All right.

That's a problem. See, that's why we workshop things. It was Dries and Obese. I think this is probably, this scene is why he won the Nobel Peace Prize.

He did. Yeah. Yeah. I mean his, and his in office-ness prompted this creative freedom that people have now. You know what I mean? The freedom to open up our minds. The freedom to rape people. Would it be? Right. It's fair to say that Obama getting elected caused people to rape people. Hey, would it be? Because it would be useful for me. I think so. I think all you have to do is look at the rape statistics.

Seriously, look at them. They're going up, up, up, up.

There are always more rapes.

Rape goes up in peacetime. But they're happy rapes now.

There's different rapes.

We never have enough unrapes to catch up to the constant accumulation of more rape.

It's like his term is like the rapes of wrath. You know what I mean? And with that, let's go to a song. Matt, that was great. Thank you so much for bringing that in. Thank you guys. Tour de force.

I love you, man. That was fantastic. Let's go to Dragon Boy Sway. This is When I'm Done. We'll be right back with more comedy death ray.

After masturbation, I get spooked out by what happens right after the spook shoots out. The low starts to glow for about a minute. Then I see an embryo forming within it. Then I see tiny fingers and feet and toes. It grows and grows and grows and grows. And it crawls out of the puddle and haunts my home. It's the ghost of the baby out of hide with that load.

The infant polka guys emerges from the sauce.

He around the room as my tool gets soft.

He flies to the bathroom and brings me back a cloth. He helped me with the price of the cost of the waste of the squalor of the seed. And I'm stressed because I didn't make a baby. All I made was a mess. Now there's thousands of them. They might be like the dozens because they could have been my sister's kids cousins. They're all up in the cup board, the closet, the sink. Half of them are blue, half of them are pink. This one needs a bottle.

That one needs a blankie. This one's hungry.

That one's cranky. It's spooky shit like Jacob's ladder. A house full of ghosts all calling me the infant polka guys emerges from the sauce. He floats around the room as my tool gets soft.

He flies to the bathroom and brings me back a cloth. He helped me with the guilt of the price of the cost of the waste of the squalor of the seed.

And I'm stressed because I didn't make a baby. All I made was a mess.

I wish I didn't see him, but if which is game too, I could call Ghostbusters and have them all removed or just pack up and move. But then Scratchy told me he said that I can't run from them cause they're just in my head. Even if I couldn't leave, I'd just feel bad with a thousand baby ghosts all alone in my bed. I could never ever live with a thought so sad that beating off made me a deadbeat dad. When I'm done. When I'm done.

When I'm done. When I'm done.

Yeah, Dragon Boy Suede, when I'm done, that's appropriate for Halloween coming up.

So let's talk about the UCB Bash. Matt, that's coming up.

It starts tonight in Solvang and you also have shows tomorrow afternoon. What are the shows?

Okay, first of all, Solvang is in central California. It's a little Danish town. It's hilarious. It's a really fun place. It's one of the funnier places in California. Here in beautiful Solvang , California. I love Huelhauser. It sounds like a place that's just made for him to go visit. It's a Danish tourist town. Yeah. It's about an hour and a half or two hours from here. Half hour from Santa Barbara. And tonight though, what time is the show tonight? It's the new faces. Yeah, it 's at like eight, I believe. Sounds like eight o'clock. Eight o'clock. If you go to the ultimatecom edybash.com or you go to... Is it the ultimate comedy bash or just ultimatecomedybash.com? I think it's ultimatecomedybash.com. Thank you.

And then the shows tomorrow are... Tonight is like Paul T ompkins and the Birthday Boys and I can't think of anybody else. Fatum. Josh Fatum, thank you . Some great people. And then tomorrow at noon. Tomorrow at noon is the four original four UCB members will be performing. Which is Matt Besser, yourself, Ian Roberts and Amy Poehler. You're all going to be performing. We're going to be doing improv. Along with Horatio Sands. With Horatio Sands, Danielle Schneider and I think that might be it. Wow. Doing improv tomorrow. Who's the mon ologist? Do we know? Tom Lennon. Tom Lennon from Reno. Reno 911. And that's at noon tomorrow. And Forever 17. That sounds like a lot of gas though. How far is it? Well I'm carpooling. I am carpooling . You're not responsible for the gas for all the names that are mentioned. It's at noon. It's in a theater venue that Scott actually turned us on. Yeah, I used to do theater there. It's at PC PA Theater Fest. And then at three I believe you have the greatest comedy show ever. I'm in that one. Nick Kroll, Tom Lennon, Ben Grant, James The Domian, The Birthday Boys, Casey Wilson, Don't Stop or We'll Die.

And that's everybody. Yeah that's going to be fantastic.

Yeah. Paul F. Hopkins is in that too, right? And Paul F. Tompkins if I didn't say his name. That 's awesome. I heard The Birthday Boys are really funny. I don't know them. They're awesome. I've heard that they're very very funny. They're great. They're really really funny. Excuse me, is this a free speech forum?

Wait a minute. Excuse me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry to interrupt the program. Hello Scott.

I know I was supposed to come in when I was at Naos but I'm here now. Hey everyone. I love you.

I think I mentioned this before. My friend Gary Busey. Yeah , holy shit. Hey buddy. Wow. Thank you.

Thank you. Gary. Gary R. Busey, private citizen, first class reporting for duty right now.

Okay. Well you don't need to announce yourself like that but hey.

No I'm not. I will not. Hold on. I will not be spoken to like I'm some kind of kick dog on the curb. I will not be beat. I will not be talked to like a little piglet. I am here. I am here.

I'm here because I believe in reaction against predatory enemies, rape. And rape, that's what stands for reaction against predatory enemies and we are facing a takeover of epic proportions in our country. I wish you had been here for the previous segment. Who's taking over Gary? Who's taking over? Well let me tell you something. I do not excuse the crimes of the past that come from the Bush administration but we have a continuation of what is an outrageous system of government, misgovernment, ungovernment I should say. And I do not forgive Bush for his crimes and I will look you all in the eye at the same time and inform you that the events of 9-11 happened on 9-12.

Really? I was there in New York actually. I don't know about that. I remember actually watching it on 9-11. Yeah it's on TV. No you don't. What day is it today? What day is it today? October 9th.

Something. No that's incorrect. The actual date is October 10th. The calendar was permanently switched back to a Julian calendar on September 11th because the Illuminati wanted to mask what they did on 9-11. I'll buy that. Which happened on 9-12.

The Illuminati are behind 9-11? They are behind everything. Let me explain something to you about Obama. Obama comes in and he looks like he is fixing things but they've given him a Nobel Prize today.

Yeah. There is no excuse for someone to be given a peace prize when they are personally fire bombing people. Obama stands for personally he's out there dropping fire bombs? He is personally he is a watchman. Watchman is a glimpse into how he conducts his life. He goes around fire bombing in napalming in small villages of short people in foreign countries. Obama stands for ordinary black appearance masking anti-christ and that is what we are facing right now. I'll buy that.

You have a lot of hate for me. Please you will laugh at your own peril sir. You will laugh at your own peril. I am here trying to save your pussy. What does that stand for? Purity under stressful sexual instances.

Okay. Save my pussy. I'm going to tell my wife that. Yeah that's making me horny.

I didn't know that I was coming and sitting on a tree branch with Heckel and Jekyll and Clyde over here. Oh I'm sorry I should have told you. Well there were three of you I had to add a third.

Thank you. Why are you wearing a see-through tuxedo? Let me explain to you something. I am here because I drove here through the night because I understand the Comedy Death Ray is a free speech forum. It's one of the few broadcasts that I allow into my compound. That is true thank you. And I drove here through the night from Nevada because I wanted to talk to you people. I carry a copy of the Magna Carta with me at all times. Wow. Really? That is because that where do our freedoms come from? Oh there it is in your pocket. They come from do they do not come because it's a see-through tuxedo yeah. Yeah. Well that I get I get all of my information. Let me explain. Nick Nick Nick I'm a big fan I've been a big fan of what you're doing and what you have done but the future requires that we all do more than we were able to do. Lord Gayno's cancelled so I can't go back to that. Lord Lord get grant me the grant me the serenity to it be able to understand the things that I am not the serenity didn't know what I will do and the things that cannot be done out of the things that have to be done. Okay. Your ear is bleeding man. Yeah. You got blood coming out of your ear did you have that information? When you when you stand for truth in the way I do when you stand for truth at the height and the elevation that I do you will be attacked from all sides you will be attacked not only physically but mentally you will be attacked in ways that you never imagined could be attacked.

I was attacked by tree frogs a lot of people you may a lot of people have made a mockery of the way that I conduct myself but that was a result of a poison attack from tree frogs when I was on the set of when I was on the set of a film in South America . Really? I don't remember you making a film in South America. Well there was the one where Sean Connery was the uh uh curing cancer and he's sitting in a tree and he found the cure for cancer I was a consultant on that. Wow. Oh wow.

I get all my information from reputable sources if you don 't believe this information I suggest the I get my information from adbusters I get my information from the stranger in Seattle which is only one of the true remaining news sources in this country uh Russia Today uh Free Press out of Iran I get my information from reputable sources and if you want corroboration. Do you read the Utney Reader? What is that? The Utney Reader? Ut ney Reader will you I don't appreciate the kind of heckling I'm getting here. Sorry. If you could please talk to me like a white man I would I would greatly appreciate you for that. Okay well Gary I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to shut this down. There's nothing offensive about saying to be talked to like a white man.

I don't appreciate that kind of situation. What did I insin uate what did I say? You insinuated that a black man is to be treated. All civil behavior is attributed to white people. I didn't say that I think I think that black people should be treated like a white man too. All right.

Okay this is getting very confusing. I will not be told when and when my freedom of speech turns on and turns off. Uh I'm afraid that I'm gonna turn it off right now. Well let me plug my Scott let me you brought me on the show. Plug what you need to plug.

If you want more information about what I have to offer and the future is coming the future is on its way. That's true. Go to my website www.garybuseyisthetruth.org forward slash truth forward slash org forward slash busey.htm.

I have to do a lot of sub uh yeah sub addresses in there because I farm some of them out to Viagra vendors. Okay wow but forward slash truth forward slash org forward slash busey.htm.

Okay got it okay. Why are you holding an issue of cat fancy ? We have blown up the moon and we have to we have to get truth forever. We blew up the moon? We have NASA has launched a missile into the moon. Yeah I didn't know this. Get out of Los Angeles while you still have time. I will be in Solvang. I will be in Solvang? I will be hijacking the Solvang festival. Oh god why do you tell I'm gonna I'm gonna have security there that you don't get in. I will make sure you don't get on stage here. There is no security that can get past my army of tree frog Brazilian jiu-jitsu army fighters. There will be gentlemen with weapons there. I've had my face run over by a motorcycle with a side car. I am not scared I'm not scared of your fascist thugs Walsh. All right the Upright Citizens Brigade is a fascist organization I aim to expose it. Good luck good luck getting on stage.

What do you mean you'll buy that? You just say that to anything he says. I think he's half right.

We're a fascist organization? He's off his rocker no offense to you. I like your show. I've met Besser dude he's he's a little fascist. Yeah he could go either way. Have you ever taken a writing class with that man? No. That is like that is like Torquemada. That is like sitting through a writing class with a fat like an actual fascist V for Vend etta. That's where we're living through.

All right. And I'm proving that it's all right. I'm sorry I 'm gonna have to put a stop to this.

All right so Gary you you say you'll be up in the solving area. And I will have I will have a patio an outdoor arrangement where we'll be able to drink Kool- Aid and we will we will not succumb we will not succumb. Okay all right thank you Gary Busey. All right let's do a song when we come back. We'll have a little more from Nick Sw artz and Matt Walsh and James Domian. This is Neil Hamburger. Hello this is Neil Hamburger and I hope you enjoy this album as much as we enjoyed making it.

Looks like we got a zipper lips in the house.

Your cock kicking shipper lips.

Get out and don't come back your lousy zipper lips.

Zipper zipper zipper lips.

Hey that is Neil Hamburger. He will be one of my special guests next week.

We have next week we have Neil Hamburger, Mike O'Connell and we have Brent Weinbach. That will be a crazy show I think but all three of those guys will be here. Sounds like a toilet.

I'm not talking to you sorry. Oh sorry. Sounds like a toilet. Okay cool. Okay great.

Nick Swartz is here. Now Nick you have a Comedy Central special coming out tomorrow is it?

It's Sunday night on Comedy Centrons and it's called it's called Seriously Who Farted?

Is the name of my special. Great. Yeah which I'm very proud of. That's a very mature title.

Yes it shows my nice progression into manhood and yeah it should be good. And what time is that?

10 30 I would imagine? I would think it's like nine-ish.

All right people can figure it out.

Yeah I would hope. You don't want to go up against Mad Men.

I do not want to go up against Mad Men.

That is an exact exact audience clash. Yes because if you love the class and drama of Mad Men.

You will also want to check out Seriously Who Farted? Yes and a lot of my my whole special is a period piece. Oh it is. So it's done in the kind of 50s regalia. But it's set to you know Ferragamo on the Jiu Jitsu. So Nick what now you were telling me over the break that you have some weird thing that just came up some sort of fear what was it exactly you were telling me?

This is true I was given a gift by a friend of mine I flew my mother and her best friend out here from Minnesota. Oh that's nice. Go Vikings. Go Bears.

Go Vikings. And to thank me my mother's friend uh mailed me a sword. A sword? She mailed me a sword that her grandfather had and it was like a thank you and I opened up and it was just you know it's not like a big sword. Uh-huh. And from a war was he a soldier or something like? It might be it has like a fancy kind of handle.

Okay. And uh you know I was very touched by that and then my immediately my immediate thought was okay like what do I do with this sword you know what I mean like I don't want to put it. And then I in my head I legitimately thought oh wait I can put this by my bed if there are attackers or somebody breaks in. Okay. And I realized that I had I legitimately thought that that was what I should do with it and then I realized that I ever since I was a kid I I still haven't gotten out of my head that I'm going to be attacked out of my closet or like I I'm gonna be attacked like a I realized like ever since I was a kid. When you're sleeping you mean? Yeah like I'm terrified like I lock my door every night of my bedroom and I live alone like in an apartment and I'm like I I just I always think I'm gonna be attacked. Well it's not unusual I'll say that because my brother is like that. Is he really? Yeah he has a he has a knife in his nightstand drawer. Oh my god yeah.

So you've had this fear and you just realized it. I just realized that like I I I kind of I do you know yeah I mean I have it and then I realized like that it 's that on my mind that I would be given a sword and then go that will that will fend off.

Because most people when they're when they're given a sword they would say oh I'll hang it on the wall I'll mount it. I'll make a display and you decide that you're going to keep it. I will fight to save my life I will fight night monsters or something. Where would you keep it next to the bed that's the other thing. It's by my bed right now I should have taken a picture. In like a bucket? It's leaning against the wall.

Is it like a rapier or a big broadsword? It's like. Please stop saying rape on this show today.

It's probably about I don't know length it's about the size of my leg and I'm like five nine.

Okay is it a blade or a skinny? Yeah he's five nine. It's a blade. Wow. It's legit.

Is it double edged? Yes. I don't know why we're going into such detail of the sword.

Now the hilt of the sword is it a lefty or a righty? Um it 's both. Okay.

Whoa. Yeah. Well that's weird so where do you think you got this fear?

I don't know I just always thought I was going to be attacked as a child and then uh.

Do you have older brothers? Yeah. Were they beat you up?

They did not no. They did not okay.

Would you be attacked by a sword wielding attacker or? I hope because I we will have a duel if that's the case. And then at least it's even. But I'm kind of now. It gives the guy a fighting chance. But here's the thing now I'm kind of excited to be attacked because I have a sword.

Oh wow. So now I can kind of see what is gonna like what what he'll think you know what I mean like if somebody comes in like what's up motherfucker and then I'm like really and then I have a sword I'll be like I have the wrong house sorry I thought. No matter what happens it's so there's a certain romance to it. It's a win-win even if I die I'll be wielding a sword. Yeah that's true.

Not many people can say that in 2009. They'll sing folk songs about you.

The guy you know what the guy at Scientology died that way.

The guy who ran into Scientology had a sword. Gary Stevens?

Gary Stevens? Oh my god.

No you're not talking about the creator of Scientology you 're talking about the guy.

The gentleman who was crazy and ran in there with a samurai sword.

And they took him down with one shot. They are so well trained in Scientology.

Did they really? I didn't know that.

Yeah one shot to the dome.

Boom. That's what told me that they had armed guards at their compound.

They are prepared for anything. A guy with a sword they are prepared for one shot.

Boom. Page six of the booklet. Yeah.

Guy with sword. It is amazing.

You should take sword classes then.

Yeah. Yeah that's a good idea.

What about if you took like stage combat? Do they have those at UCB?

Yeah we teach them. Stage combat classes?

Better yet you should teach. Just jump right out of the gate.

You should teach stage combat with your sword.

I could do that I could have like a boot camp. I know those are all the rage.

Just have sword practice in some park in LA. See if you get arrested.

I know BSC would be game.

Do you think if you were to go out in a park with the sword and just start like kind of swinging it around and stuff like that like is that legal? Anyone know?

I think it is if you're the gay guy from Reno on roller sk ates.

I think if I add roller skates to the equation they'd be like all right.

All right you're fine.

But I think yeah without those I might get into trouble.

Huh. Well that's fantastic Nick.

Yeah I'm excited.

So thank you it's a little personal.

So I'm not going to drop by unannounced at any point.

I would say I would not recommend that Scott.

You can even rig it above the door so it drops like a guill otine if anybody breaks into your room.

Oh yeah.

Right right right.

That way you don't have to wield it or you get the jump on somebody.

Because you might a criminal who comes into your house might be a bigger dude and you might be jeopardizing your own health by bringing a weapon that he could destroy you with.

Yeah you know how like if I try to make it like it's an accident.

Yeah.

You know how those people who carry guns are more likely to be shot during a home invasion.

And that story with the woman who took the gun to her kid's soccer practice.

She just killed herself.

What happened?

And her husband with the gun.

What do you mean?

Remember that famous story she like took she took the gun to the soccer practice and everyone was like that's illegal you can't do that and then she just shot herself in the head.

Anyway but that's the practice she shot herself.

She was so upset that people said don't do that.

No she was upset about a relationship.

But what I'm trying to say is that.

Why didn't it go well?

What is what more do people want from her?

I'm going to take the gun for a walk.

She's just trying to protect the soccer team.

But now I fear for your life Nick is what I'm trying to say .

Now you have.

But now it's like a magnet like it's a subconscious like now.

It's almost like you're throwing out a challenge.

You are not right.

You are not alone friend.

Gary.

I'll be glad to go out and teach you the way.

Will you teach me Gary?

You know our savior Jesus Christ told us that you should sell the shirt on the off of your back to buy a sword if you don't have one.

So now that you have one you do not need to sell your shirts.

I can keep my shirt.

Yes.

All right.

I'm on board.

An armed populace is very important according to posse com itata sack.

I don't know what that means but.

Oh.

All right.

So guys before we we only have a few more minutes left I want to make sure we got this in.

But every week for a few weeks I've been doing an entourage recap of the week.

Not every week I do it off and on.

Sometimes not enough happens in that show to really accurately do a recap.

Oh so every character will open a door to a pot of gold.

So I'm going to do a season recap.

Okay.

So we'll just do we have a theme music ready.

Here we go.

This is the entourage season recap of the week.

All right.

At the beginning of the season Vince opened his movie directed by Martin Scorsese.

Then he played pool in every episode.

So.

Someday we're going to master that.

Joe we're going to figure that out.

That was very concise.

That was it.

That's what happened this year.

He played pool.

Wow.

Yeah.

I got out I got all the pussy and I got all the money you want.

You know what else can I have.

Oh hey pot of gold.

He literally just all season long all he did was he played pool and said to everyone it'll be all right.

That's all he did.

Is there a hot ass count.

Do you count the women like every like the amount of well part of the problem with my hot ass count is I anytime I see a hot ass I count each cheek.

So normally my count is double.

Yeah.

So it does and it doesn't really match up here.

We have a special guest just walked into the studio.

Anyone want to share a mic with him.

Come on.

Last week's last week's co-host is here.

Or sorry guest host guest host.

Yeah sorry about that.

Well it's a big difference.

Hi everybody.

How are you doing.

Nick we're very close to each other.

Hi Paul.

The closest we've ever been to each other.

It's like our old band.

This is like a tight harmonies.

It's a Springsteen concert over here.

Glory days.

Fellas it's great to see all of you.

Yes.

It's exciting.

I love it here at Indy 103.1.

Yes you did a great job last week.

Thank you so much for doing that.

Thank you for letting me do it.

I had a ball.

It was a lot of fun.

Did you hear about the entertainment news that we talked about at the beginning of the show about the Coen brothers new film.

No I didn't.

Yeah big announcement.

Went over really well.

You can catch up later.

I will via podcast.

Yes.

I think we're about it.

I think that's about it.

We are it.

We are the waiting.

We are about it.

Paul you're going up to the Solvang thing.

Yes I am Solvang.

And you're headlining tonight.

Am I.

I don't know.

Oh I thought I was hosting tonight.

You're hosting tonight.

Opposite of me.

You're hosting tonight and.

I went from the best one to the worst one.

Remember that guy in Vancouver who stood up during your set and said I wanted the last guy to be the best guy.

What.

And then you said I'm sorry the system is flawed.

Did that really happen.

I don't remember that at all.

Was it this past year.

That was the one that in the story you told.

Yeah you missed that part of the story.

I guess I did.

Even though I responded to the person.

In a very amusing manner.

That was a miserable show.

It was a lot of fun though.

A lot of fun to watch.

So let's let's break down what people have coming up.

Matt Walsh you have the bash this weekend.

People can tickets are still available.

I think yes they're almost gone but I think I think you can probably get in go to UCB theater or ultimate comedy bash dot com and I want to plug a podcast called Bear Down.

If you go to iTunes it's a bear for Chicago bear fans.

Go see it's me Scott Armstrong.

Now hold on Matt.

Are you telling me this is for Chicago bear fans only.

No it's funny hopefully too.

Yeah it has more appeal but generally if you like Chicago or comedy.

Okay.

And viking fans are not welcome.

Now wait a minute.

Yeah just like sports radio.

What about the lions.

Huh the lions yeah lion fans are not welcome either.

Matt what if I don't care about football at all.

Will I enjoy this.

You know what that's a great question.

I think 50 percent of it you might enjoy.

What if I like shallow dish pizza.

You will not like it.

You will not know deep dish.

No it's only deep dish.

Do you like that sketch the bears.

Of course I do.

Then you'll like this show.

I consider it America's national sketch.

Then you will like our show.

Do you like cased meats.

I do like cased meats.

Well then you're gonna like the show.

I hate loose meats.

Loose meat sandwich.

Now Nick you have your special seriously who farted coming up Sunday night.

Yeah Sunday night and I'm engaged to Amy Poehler.

We're getting married.

Congratulations she's married.

We're getting married in Dubai.

Wow I'm gonna talk to her about this.

Yeah on ski slope number four.

In the amazing tower.

And you went to school on Saturn.

You've had a crazy life.

It's been a real turmoil.

When's your movie come out.

You're filming that right or did it looks like early 2010 like February.

I can't wait.

That's a great idea for a movie.

What's it called again.

Born to be a star.

Look for that.

And then James Domian you'll be at the solving festival.

What else do you have going on.

I'm doing solving.

I'm doing gallery of evil at UCB on Halloween.

Yeah as Maximilien Blanc.

And then I have the midnight show on November 7th which is a monthly sketch show I do at UCB.

Um and I'm also gonna be I'm in a new pilot of a show called Baxter.

It's for Showtime and it's about a it's about a child m olester but he only he's a child himself.

So you're supposed to root for him.

So he's and he only molests other he only molests other children that molest other children.

So it's Showtime basically like daring daring people to like ethically be able to watch the show.

Baxter huh.

I think it's a great name.

I think the poster should just say child comma molester.

Yes.

Yeah.

Really provocative billboards.

Look for them soon.

Can you get arrested for TiVo-ing that?

I think everyone can.

Yeah.

That's how they figure out who the people who are in the child molestation are.

Yeah.

Paul what do you have coming up anything.

Scott I'm glad you asked.

Next Saturday the 24th let's call it I will be in.

That's not next Saturday but.

No.

I don't know.

No that's two Saturdays.

A week from today.

Yeah.

A week from tomorrow.

Yeah it's 20 Sundays.

A week from tomorrow.

Thursday.

Okay sorry everybody.

Jesus calendar police in here.

I will be in New York taping an episode of the John Oliver stand-up show.

John Oliver is doing a stand-up series for Comedy Central and he's getting like A-list performers to be.

Oh.

On the bill.

Then the following night I will be in at the the world famous legendary Rivoli Theater in Toronto, Canadar which I'm very excited about.

Really though.

Is it the Revili Theater?

R-I-V-O-L-I.

Oh interesting.

Yes it's where the kids in the hall got their start.

Oh that's fantastic.

Where you'll have your edge.

Yeah probably.

I think I probably.

Are you afraid to go back to Canada.

I am a little bit.

I'm kind of not looking forward to it but maybe a great audience could make me feel better.

Come on out to the Revili.

Come on Canadians.

Janie what do you have coming up.

Anything we're just going to do plugs for the last five minutes.

You can check out my web series badge ladies.

Badge ladies check that out and.

And my vlog.

As for me what do I have nothing.

I have nothing.

I've been working too much.

I have nothing.

Come to my come to Comedy Death Ray.

Paul you'll be there this Tuesday.

I will it's kind of a special show isn't it Scott.

Did you already talk about it.

I can't talk about that.

Is there a haunted house this year.

Yes there will be on the.

Oh that's exciting.

That's just anywhere.

No well all over the country fair enough.

In relation to your CD our show will there be a.

I believe there will be.

Is there a Christian haunted house though.

Yes.

All right so let's wrap it up.

I'm sorry I'm going over.

Let's wrap it up.

Another wrap up.

Fuck up.

Jesus Christ.

He's taken over.

All right so what do you guys have.

One more coming up.

I want to plug Solvang to see Paul Tompkins and James D'Om ien and myself and also bear down the podcast.

I want to plug badge ladies.

And plug badge ladies.

Yeah.

And I'm engaged to Paul Tompkins.

Oh Amy Poehler.

We're getting married in the United Arab Emirates.

I just booked an episode of Beatles Rock Band where I play Mark David Chapman.

Wow they're acting out Beatles Rock Band.

We'll see you next week with Neil Hamburger and Mike O' Connell and Brent Weimbach.

Thanks for listening.

And I can't seem to put out the light.

Mama's been searching for baby.

Yeah.

But baby you've been trying to get home.
