Opening today, the trio of filmmakers from the world's end, Edgar Wright, Simon Pegg, and Nick Frost, all here on the show today.

This is gonna be a fun one. All of that and more all on today's...

♫ Comedy Bang Bang ♫ My master needs skin, I guess yours will work. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Great catchphrase! Wow, thank you, Tane.

Just going by one name, Tane. T-A-Y-N-E. Hey, thanks, Tane.

What is that all about?

Who is he? Elvira? The most popular person with only one name.

Angeline?

That sounds like the kind of name you'd leave on a post-it note on someone's dead body.

Tane?

Tane.

You've been tamed.

I can't stop thinking of the word taint.

Taint?

When I heard tane.

That's right.

Oh, that's good.

And you're talking to, of course, the most famous taint model of all time. I don't know if you ever watch Mr. Show.

Anyway, I don't need to go for my resume. Welcome to the show. My name is Scott Aukerman.

We have a special emergency bonus episode. I usually don't put out episodes on Fridays, but I got the call.

I rallied the troops. We got everyone together, and I have a very special show for you guys today in honor of a giant film coming out today.

So, and we'll talk about that in just a second. One thing I do want to say before we start, just to get some business out of the way.

Washington, D.C.

The comedy bang-bang show for the live tour that I'm doing with Paul F. Tompkins and the Birthday Boys is sold out.

Oh, well, sucks to be you. No.

We added a second show today on sale today.

So we added a late show. This is the last night of the tour .

The 930 Club in Washington, D.C.

The 1030 show. This is going to be the last show that we do all year.

So please come out and see us. That'll be good. And the rest of the cities selling out.

We added a second New York show. I talked about that on Monday.

And most of the other cities were not going to be adding second shows.

So get those tickets while they are still available.

And then also watch tonight the comedy bang-bang TV show on IFC.

Tonight we have Andy Richter, Aidy Bryant, Rob Hubel, Michael Ian Black, Mike Hanford, John Daly, Tyne Daly.

Tyne Daly and Casey. And Sharon Glass.

Yes, Sharon Glass. They're reuniting on the show. It's incredible.

That's great. That's awesome.

They haven't seen each other since they called Company Rap on the last episode.

Wow. Is that true?

And they parted acrimoniously. And then they got back together with us.

And they talk about that for the entire half hour of the show.

I think one of them is dead. I think one of them is dead.

How can they be on the show if one of them is dead?

Oh, maybe we'll let them be dead.

Are I possible?

I think so. Check, check. You know what? Check Wikipedia at home.

Engineer Frank, get on that for us. Is Cagney or Lacey deceased?

Hey, Cagney and Lacey deceased.

Oh, that's a great show.

There was a show in the UK called Randall and Hopkirk Dece ased where his partner was a ghost.

Well, that would be perfect then.

There you go.

So you have Cagney, a living cop in New York.

And that's how she introduces herself. Hi, I'm Cagney, living cop.

A living cop. The paranormal sidekick and partner, Lacey, now dead, helps us solve crimes in this and the other life.

Yes.

What was that?

So they're solving crimes not only on Earth here, of course , there's a lot of crime down here.

But on the spiritual plane.

In the spirit... What kind of spiritual crimes would they be solving?

Oh, nicking ghosts' shit.

Did ghosts have shit?

It was white.

Knicking sheets.

Like white stuff.

It's like a little brown cloud that pops out.

Is that the only store that they have in heaven is White Stuff?

White Stuff Incorporated.

The white company.

Does really well up there.

Big Bath and Beyond the Grave.

There we go.

That is the topper.

Let me introduce you guys because everyone recognizes your voices at these points.

What I'm about to say doesn't even matter because they all know who you are.

But of course we have gathered here today to celebrate the release of the film The World's End.

It's official title is Hashtag The World's End.

Really?

Hashtag The World's End.

Much like Will.I.Am's hashtag... What's his thing?

Soul Power?

No, what is it?

Hashtag...

Oh, I don't know, actually.

He hashtag his whole record.

Every song, I believe.

Really?

Let's go introduce.

Okay.

All right, here we go.

To my immediate left, you have the director of the film, Edgar Wright is here.

Making his return appearance on the show.

Thank you very much.

Welcome back.

Hello.

Across from me, I would say at 12 o'clock if I'm at six or maybe I'm at 12 and he's at six.

I don't know.

What would you think?

I'm easy.

Whatever you want, Scott.

What do you want to be?

Six or 12?

I kind of want to be six down on the bottom.

Then I'm 12.

You're a top.

We have Simon Pegg right in front of me making his first appearance.

Hello.

Nice to be back.

Nice to meet you.

I'm not even going to say three because you're more at two.

I'm now you're 12.

Now that I'm facing directly at you.

I'd say he was your 11.

Yeah.

Currently you're at 11.

Okay.

You changed your mind so quickly.

Edgar, you're going to be at eight if that's okay.

That's fine.

Sure.

All right.

Here we go.

Here we are.

Nick Frost.

Welcome to the show.

First time.

Thanks for having me back again.

And it's an amazing film by all accounts.

I have not seen this film.

I mean, it opens today.

How else am I, you know, how am I going to see it?

Well, I hope this evening when you're walking out with your significant other or perhaps by yourself in a lonely haze, uh, go see the film currently 96% on Rotten Tomatoes.

You know what?

The other 4%, I don't even care.

I really do.

How many reviewers is that to make up 4%?

Is it 70, 70, something like that.

Okay.

So there's an of the, of the 2%.

Oh no, I think it's something like this only.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Maybe it was only like seven bad reviews.

We had a few, but they just didn't get it.

They weren't good people.

Well, why focus on the negative?

Yeah, listen, messy divorce.

Really?

Yeah.

They probably didn't have their eye on the ball.

Do you guys, and this is a serious question.

Do you guys think that reviewers should talk about what they're going through at in the first paragraph of this review?

Absolutely.

Today is just a little box in the top and they just put today's status on my way to the cinema today.

My car got a flat tire and I found out my cat had died.

Anyway, this film was a bit of a drag.

I think that would be much more honest.

I think, I think that the, that we should legally mandate them to do that.

What do you think?

So it's such a strange thing.

These sort of self appointed commentators.

I, you know, it's when you're in there, before you go any further, we did get 96%.

I know.

I know what I'm saying is when you're in the, when you're in the business like we are and you do value it, absolutely value it and, and, and the good ones lift you into the skies and bad ones make you feel so awful.

But you do, you do listen, you know, you only have a look at the bad ones.

Really?

Yeah.

I don't know.

I look at the bad ones.

I do.

Yeah.

I try and cut that out of my life.

I've never seen a bad review of anything I've done.

May I direct your attention to the 4%?

Let me, let's bring those up.

Engineer Frank.

I've taken, I've taken to sometimes in interviews when people talk to me at the box office of Scott Pilgrim, my new response is like when they say, now Scott Pilgrim is a film that critics love, but it was disappointing in its release in 2010.

I said, I go, wait, wait, wait.

I said, my agent specifically emailed me and said that it was one of the top 10 grossing films of 2010.

I think you should double check your facts.

I'm sorry.

You're not lying in any way.

When you think about it in all films ever made that week, you were what?

Probably five.

That's an amazing accomplishment.

Strangely enough, that is the highest I've ever been in the U S charts.

Also, what was number one?

The expendables.

I've never heard of it.

Where are they now?

Maybe like, Bruce Willis out.

You know what I mean?

So yeah.

Yeah.

But when you think about it, it's just alone, accusing him of being lazy and greedy.

Now we don't know.

That's not directed at Bruce himself.

I call him Bruce.

If that's okay.

It was just a tweet that's out there.

But he was, it was clear.

The previous tweet said, worse out Harrison in Harrison Ford is in the expendables.

No.

Harrison got a big tax bill at the moment.

Harrison Ford and Mel Gibson.

Well, Mel Gibson, I understand.

Mel Gibson needs to work.

Have you seen his arms by the way?

He's like working out for the film.

Have you seen like him coming out of the gym?

His arms are giant.

Gibson.

Yeah.

Gibson.

With his elderly flabby skin.

I don't like it when old men have giant muscles.

No.

With his spongy skin stretched over his striated muscle tissue.

I always think about Vince McMahon from the WWE and how he got into shape.

Do you remember when he first took his shirt off?

Weird.

Like Charles Atlas.

He had one of those weird bodies.

How old was he when he started actually wrestling?

Oh, I think he was in his late fifties.

It's gross.

I don't like it.

You know what I mean?

Like just get, at what point do you think people should give up?

Living.

Yeah.

About 40.

Somewhere between expendables two and three.

Let me think when I did.

I'll just check my Logan's run jewel.

Oh, that's the dream.

Like one day just be taken.

Like you hit 30 something and you're just like, take it away and you get to rest.

You don't have to keep trying.

No more tax.

You know what I mean?

Sorry, Frank.

Did we get any news on Cagney or Lacey?

What's going on here?

Oh, I'm an idiot.

Don't be disappointed.

I'm an idiot.

Why?

It's not all about you.

Edgar, what happened in your life to make you think one of them died?

I think maybe, maybe, you know what?

It's maybe the end of the Dirty Harry film, The Enforcer when Sharon Glest died.

I thought it was real.

You do believe in a lot of Clint Eastwood movies to be fair .

I think that maybe I thought that not all of the Dirty Harry films are documentaries, but the third one, The Enforcer definitely was.

Yeah.

Can anyone here do the opening sax break of Cagney and L acey?

It's out like that.

Really?

Yeah.

It wasn't a great start to a show, but my God, it was.

When they show on TV, I think they have an Aston graphic that comes up.

It says neither of these actors are dead.

Tiny Daily there.

Sadly, still with us.

That's another thing I think you should do is anytime you watch a TV show, it should say who's dead currently and who's alive, you know?

Because that would save time of people like looking up stuff on Wikipedia.

And it should be like a freeze frame and a big like rubber stamp thing goes dead.

Anytime any character is introduced.

Or just a red D next to their name in the credits.

Yes.

That's a better idea.

And you could just, just a small one.

It's like, you know, the blue check mark on Twitter when you're verified.

I used to have mine shouting through to my wife, the script supervisor's dead.

Oh boy.

That's the dream.

That's the dream to have that.

Now, speaking of movies, you guys are in one.

Talk about it.

Well, we made a film 10 years ago about zombies.

And, uh, at the time, I don't think we really had any kind of, any idea where it would take us or what, what, what we would get out of it.

We didn't even know if it would be on and you know, the cinemas at home, let alone abroad.

So definitely didn't know we were going to be on this podcast.

We didn't know we were going on this.

So at this point, 10 years ago, this is not in the picture.

We had no idea how many bang bang was in our future or that time daily was going to pass away.

Sure.

Although you didn't think she would ever die.

Well, one of them isn't going to, but I don't know which one.

And then we, uh, but then we got to make another one, which is hot fuzz.

And we kind of realized in making that we could, we could sort of make films that were sort of thematically linked rather than make sequels and just, uh, you know, continue stories that didn't really need continuing.

We, we thought we can make a film which is related to the last one and have things in it, which tie them together.

And that weirdly became boiled down to a particular ice cream confection from the UK called the Cornetto because it features in both Sean of the dead and hot fuzz.

And it became a very simple way of tying these films together.

And we knew that this one, the world's end was going to be like a sort of a ribbon to tie the first two together, a sort of, you know, to, to make the neat little package.

And so it had to feature a Cornetto, but it also had to feature various other things like, you know, adopting a genre trope to say what we wanted to say and talking about friendship.

And can you talk about what the genre trope is for this particular one?

You had the zombie film, of course, the first, uh, cop movie or action, more action movies.

Yeah.

Social science fiction, science fiction, hard sci-fi paranoid sci-fi social science fiction.

Yeah.

So like Twilight zoning type side, Twilight zoning little bit kind of, um, village of the dam, yeah.

Body snatchers, invaders from Mars, sort of fifties-ish science fiction.

Yeah.

When it's a very metaphorical science fiction, you know, when it was about something other than robots beating each other about war or nuclear waste.

Oh, I'm frightened of communists or, you know.

So what are you guys saying that you're afraid of?

If we can get deep here, communist communist, communist, communist, still a problem as far as I'm concerned.

Yeah.

For us, it was like Bridget Nielsen in Rocky four.

Oh my God.

Well, especially like president Barack Hussein Obamacare.

I mean, I don't want to talk about him, but I mean, come on guys.

What good is free medicine?

Never done us.

Yeah.

In this film to get deep, it's, it's sort of about like a couple of things.

It's about change, but specifically it's about the lead character's fear of growing up in a way, isn't it?

He's literally running away from like being an adult and what the baddies, I'm going to call them baddies in inverted comments, represent is like, um, you know, being a more efficient being, I wouldn't say human, but being more efficient in life.

And, and so he's, he's wants to be a teenager for other, he 's like a goth Peter Pan, the character that Simon plays.

And he wants to be more goth Peter Pan.

More goth Peter Pan.

Pete Murphy from Bauhaus.

Yeah.

Crashing into cars everywhere he goes.

What's uh, and I read that you wrote the first draft of this when you were 21.

Why were you, that's not correct?

It's sort of correct in terms of like, um, I wrote a script that was just about teenagers drinking.

Oh, I had gone on a pub crawl when I was 19.

The drinking age is 18 in the UK.

I should point out for the American.

Is that better or worse?

Why do you care that people would think you would drink?

Everybody drinks underage.

Listen, kids listen to this, Simon.

Everyone drinks underage.

I always loved drinking.

Fucking hammering when I was 12.

What if an under 20 year old listening to comedy, bang, bang, drank some bleach because of that.

Well, we haven't said, well, what's the specific about what you were drinking?

What's the legal age for drinking bleach then?

It's 25.

Is it?

Yeah.

Oh, you should have said something.

No, I wrote the script about teenagers drinking and, uh, when I was 21 and obviously didn't do anything with it.

Uh, um, cause I didn't come on comedy, bang, bang to promote it.

Um, but, uh, then way later after hot fuzz, I was, I was thinking about it, strangely enough, super bad had just come out and I had seen it and I was thinking about that film and I thought about my old script, which I would probably never do anything with.

And I thought, Oh, well, what if it's about adults trying to recreate their former glories, glories in inverted commas as well.

So then I talked to Simon about it and because we're both from small towns, Nick's out of the picture at this point.

I think Nick was, um, you, you were on the plane as well.

You were, uh, I don't know what, maybe you got the reference.

One of the things that links these films is that, I mean, we worked together in various creative combinations, but the Cornetto films, if I can call them that, are specifically Edgar and me write them and then Nick comes in at a slightly later day out of it.

And then that's when that, that's kind of what defines them .

So if we'd done it differently this time, it wouldn't have felt like the same thing.

Should be more like Paul, which the two of you wrote together.

Right.

And did with Greg Mottola who funnily enough directed Super bad.

Of course.

Paul of course is our first film in the blood and aliens trilogy.

Edgar at the meantime was making a film with Michael Cera, the star of Superbad, which is one of the top grossing films of 2010.

If I remember, it was number five the week it came out.

Out of every film made in entire history.

There were only four films.

It beat out Lawrence of Arabia.

Lawrence of Arabia didn't make more money than you that week.

It did great on Blu-ray, but not so good.

Box office.

That film where like the train is coming right at the audience and everyone screamed and ran away.

Where was that in the top 10 that week?

Nowhere.

It did better than Star Wars that weekend.

Yeah.

It's incredible.

It's really, I mean, thank you.

I mean, you know what guys, I don't want to talk too much about it.

I don't want to seem like, you know, I've got an ego about it or anything.

No, listen, not that it haunts you every night.

I don't think a $3 million opening weekend is to be sniffed at.

What?

That's fucking massive.

That's amazing.

10.

Listen, I don't wake up crying thinking about Eat, Pray, Love being number two.

Can I say, Scott Pilgrim is still number one in Latvia.

Two, three years now.

Is that because of Dr. Doom?

Dr. Doom has been watching.

I think he's from Latveria.

In all fairness, I think Paul only did 13, which is more.

In all fairness, you are more of a success.

So when you're talking to Simon on the plane, and I want to know where this plane is going, by the way.

Like between Wellington and Sydney.

And then we start, I let over and I said, I have an idea for the third one.

And I told him about the idea of them trying to recreate this pub crawl.

And we are both, me and Simon are both from small towns.

And I had had the very vivid, I mean, I've been back to my hometown a bunch to see my mom and dad, but you have to, I have to, I have to.

You can't just ignore him now that you're a big director.

He tries.

But then shooting Hot Fuzz, we shot that film in my hometown.

Really?

So I, yes.

So it was actually shot in my hometown.

So I had obviously been there a lot.

And so, you know, it's just that thing of like, there's something about that bittersweet feeling of that the town has changed without you.

Like just not just the, um, you know, the people, but the architecture.

And so that started to, and in a way, like maybe before the , for the film is that feeling that when you go back to your hometown and it's not so much that you've never left, it's like you were never there, but you've made absolutely zero impact on that town.

And so, you know, sort of slightly, um, um, you know, it's like, uh, would you like them to build a statue of you?

Yeah.

Well, you know what he's after?

He meant that.

He did mean that.

No, no, no.

What I mean is, but the character.

Name a building after you or?

No, I tell you what it's specifically that is in the movie.

They've made that toilet after you.

When, no, it's that thing that when, when I, you know, like sort of, uh, you used to go drinking with your friends in the pubs, you'd like to think of yourself much like Gary King in the film.

And this is me as a sort of in my early twenties thinking, Oh, you know, like we run, we run this town.

We, we, we, we rule the Rose and Crown in Wells Somerset.

And then when you go back, like only a year later and the public can't remember your name thinking, I have made zero impact on the Rose and Crown.

And don't even recognize me.

Be lucky if you get a bench.

There is a plaque in Wells though.

Now of course, there's one up on the thing.

There's the Edgar Wright Memorial urinal in, uh, where is that?

I want to pee in that thing.

Everybody does.

There's a queue.

I'd love to stick my dick in that.

Is that okay?

Well, that's fantastic that you have that.

Hey, they put a blue plaque on the crown hotel where we filmed, uh, a lot of the film.

And, uh, it says this is where hot fuzz was, which is awesome.

You know, themselves though.

Oh yeah.

It's not like an official blue plaque, but it's a blue plaque.

It's a nice, official.

Oh really?

Yeah.

No, no.

In the UK, if there's like sort of, um, say like Charles Dickens, you know, lived here.

That's like a historical recognized by the government, but you have to be posthumous.

William Shakespeare.

Sharon glass died here.

Awesome.

Sorry.

Austin powers.

Oscar Wilde.

There's lots of them.

You'd have them for like, you know, the guy from, uh, Gill igan's Island and stuff like that.

Do you think Mr. Bean and Austin powers are both deceased by this point?

I think Austin powers, he was from the sixties already.

So old by this point, you know what I mean?

Oh yeah.

That's sketchy.

Isn't it?

That, uh, that whole timeline.

I don't care.

It's quite funny.

He was 30 in the sixties.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

And he came forward in time though, didn't he?

So he went back.

He did.

Yeah.

I think he went back and lived out his life.

Yeah.

Do you ever stop to wonder what, like if Austin powers is okay.

Do you think he's like doing all right?

I don't.

Don't Nick.

No, I've never thought.

I haven't. That's the first time I've thought about him.

I wonder Austin powers is since I saw it, watched a film.

You just, so you watch a film and you just forget everything about it.

You don't think about it every day.

What?

Why are people making these things?

Edgar, why do you even direct these things?

Not true about the fifth element?

Come on.

No, no, just that feel.

I think more about Johnny Mathis than I do Austin powers.

What do you think about Johnny Mathis?

Why are you thinking about him?

He's thinking about his lovely caramel voice.

That's Aaron Neville.

Christmasy warble.

A rare hope.

We could, I think the world could do.

I thought you, the noise you did there sounded like an Aaron Neville noise.

I know they has a shower hand.

I can't even look at you.

I shut my eyes.

So guys, is this just a trilogy?

I've heard it described as a trilogy about make more movies .

We love them.

It's a trilogy.

And I think that you can see these three films as a trilogy .

So that's such a wank word.

I'd like to use a less percentage term.

It's like when I saw, when I saw the, uh, the, the, when the hangover three came out, there was a big thing saying the thrilling conclusion to the hangover trilogy.

It wasn't never supposed to be.

It was like it was always going to be a trilogy.

This wasn't always going to be a trilogy.

It was something that kind of like, it evolved as it went on.

And, uh, you know, and you can see them as being all set in the UK.

They're all set in the present day.

They're all about similar things.

They all use a similar device and buy that and there are other little connective tissue elements as well by that they exist as three.

Of course we'll make more, but we won't, we won't then have to abide by those rules.

We can go.

So you would make new films with this team, the same team in place, the same.

You guys write it, you guys act in it, you direct it, but without the elements that make it the, the, for lack of a better word, trilogy, the three of us might write it.

It might be in it.

Oh, maybe Edgar would direct a film with just Nick in an old.

Yeah, maybe you guys just, you know, produce and direct me in the hour.

Never buy a pit.

Oh, that would be a kid.

Get your mole ready.

Start growing it.

I think they can see.

Yeah, then I'm going to do, I'm directing in a Jon Snow fan film, uh, the game of Thrones community.

Uh, it's just a little slash fiction with him and, uh, a dog stock.

Oh, of course.

Is slash fiction specifically homosexual?

It's usually homosexual.

Yeah.

Is it really?

It's usually man on man or girl on girl.

I think I don't read too much of it.

Maybe a couple of pages.

We've only read the hot fuzz ones, right?

There are some.

The Johnny Austin powers slash fiction is amazing.

Who and who?

Johnny Mathis.

What happens in it?

Just fuck each other.

I mean, when you boil it all down to Austin bombs, Mathis.

Oh, okay.

That's the detail that we're looking for.

Did you find the, then the re I mean, they're not restrictions necessarily.

What noises?

Edgar, you just interrupt.

I'd like to hear about this time.

No, it's not.

I don't want to do it now.

I just, I'm not doing it.

Did you find the, uh, uh, then the sort of parameters that you did, the other films, did you find those restrictive at all and trying to come up with the third or was it like, no, not really.

I mean, there's, there's only a couple of, uh, like sort of the kind of the more surface level things like the ice cream and fence jumping that are in there and they're jumping.

That's good.

Returning access.

But in a way, like the film is actually about like sort of the dangers of nostalgia.

Actually, the movie is about like, um, the, the, the, it can be a dangerous thing to try and recapture former glories.

So in a way it's like a sort of like the villain of the piece is nostalgia itself.

Meta textual.

Very.

And for Gary, it's like he's ill, you know, and, and he's, nostalgia does sound like some kind of, it is the same as neuralgia.

I think it is a kind of medical condition.

And if you do live in the past, it means that you're not happy in the present.

You know, it means because you're looking for something better that's already happened.

And that can only indicate that you're, you know, they can only indicate that you're unhappy in the now, which Gary is.

And, uh, but then I guess his friends are a little bit as well.

They're all slightly hobbled by their own conformity.

We don't really lay it out in the end of the film and say, this is right and this is wrong.

You know, a lot of it's about the way that the pubs in the United Kingdom are being bought up by chains and yeah, and turned into sort of these hom ogenized kind of drinking establishments with this fake folksiness, which, uh, you know, completely destroys the original character of some of those great old boozers that we, you know, we grew up drinking in.

Why is that happening?

Um, as someone who, because a lot of them are shutting down , you know, a lot of, there's a lot of pubs that are just empty and closed because not enough people drinking now because the tax on alcohol is so great that people can't afford to go out and drink as, as, as often as they once did.

Hmm.

The working class, the working class, uh, slightly, uh, you know, um, ghettoized into their own homes, drinking cheap cider.

Hmm.

Meanwhile, these sort of like, uh, flashy gastro pubs are popping up for slightly more well off people who can afford to pay fine, you know, I mean, for some brioche.

Yeah.

Well, now you guys are rich now, so it doesn't really affect you guys.

Oh, I got my own pub.

Yeah.

We're very much part of the hummus and flatbread set.

Yeah.

I mean, if you had to choose between a pub and a gastro pub , you guys would go gastro public every time.

You know the Winchester, uh, the exterior of the Winchester in Sean of the dead is now apartments.

Really?

You can now live in the Winchester, uh, very desirable residents in new cross.

I heard they're renting out big Ben next year.

Yeah.

I heard that.

I'm going to sleep in it.

Yeah.

Really?

Just, just one night.

Just one night.

Good.

Cause it's apparently haunted.

And if I do it, I get a million pounds.

I don't know.

Who is it haunted by?

Uh, everybody.

Every English citizen.

Sharon glass.

Oh no.

I think it's the ghost of Basil the great mouse detective.

Well guys, we have to take a break.

When we come back, I'd love to talk to you more about the emotional themes of the film.

If that's okay.

Oh, that'd be great.

Amazing.

I love it.

How often have you talked about that recently?

Like quite a lot.

Yeah, a lot.

Yeah.

Probably a lot.

Great.

Well, we'll skip it then.

Okay.

So let's take a break.

We'll come back with comedy.

Bang, bang, more about that.

Comedy.

Bang, bang.

We're back here with Edgar Wright and uh, looks like Simon and Nick took off, but um, Hey, I'll talk to you about the film.

So it must be great being a director, I guess.

Right.

I mean, it's, you know, you got to sit in that chair.

I mean, they have a whole chair built just for your profession.

I don't actually sit in my chair that much actually.

What?

I am, you know, I, oh, oh, are they back or no?

Excuse me.

Is this where the podcast is at me?

Oh my God.

I cannot believe this.

Two, two giant stars just walked into this room.

I was just outside with my friend, Sean.

Michael Caine.

Good evening.

I have just been to have an MRI on my shoulder.

It's Sean Connery and Michael Caine have just walked into this.

Edgar, can you believe this?

I know.

I mean, I've never met either of them.

You're welcome.

Now let's just get some, who are you?

I'm the director of a new movie that's coming out today called The World's End.

Never heard of it.

Well done.

What's that about then?

One of the, um, another one of your, um, uh, James Bond is in it.

Oh yeah.

Can I be one?

Yeah.

Do you want to sign my cast?

Yes.

I'd love to sign your car.

So Sean, why do you have a cast?

I have my arm playing golf.

Oh, you're a big golfer.

Yes.

I'm often on the golf course.

Is that what you do now?

It seems like you've retired from acting.

Yes.

Pretty much.

I just play golf.

Yeah.

Wow.

That's incredible.

Thank you.

And Michael, I haven't seen you in any film that's non Batman related in a long time.

Well, you know, you just sort of do what you can to keep the walls from the door.

Uh, a lot of the time I just stay home with Shakira fucking .

You are fucking Shakira right now?

Yeah.

She's my wife.

I had no idea.

My, I mean, you're a huge star.

I don't know why it's surprising.

What happened was a long time ago I was leafing through a magazine and I saw this really classy bird on page 57.

I sought her out.

The name was Shakira.

We got married.

How's your father?

So wait, so you see her as your father.

He's dead.

Oh, so sorry to hear that.

Mine too.

Sorry guys.

So you see, she care.

You don't even know what she does.

You don't even know her name.

You just saw her.

She was advertising some kind of booze or a diamond ring or summit.

And uh, I just called her up and she was like, hello, Michael.

And uh, and we got it on.

Wow.

Amazing.

And then married how many days later?

Uh, there was that day.

That day you fucked her and then you married her?

This is, no, we got married first.

I'm not a pervert.

Oh, okay.

I'm sorry.

She the hipster lying woman?

You would, she was in the man who would be king with us in the end.

Do you remember?

I think she played rocks.

Yes.

That's right.

That's a good film.

Isn't it?

The man who would be king.

That's the only film that you guys have ever started together.

If I'm getting my movie trivia.

That's right.

But we've never spent a day apart since we shot it.

So wait, you were there the entire time that Sean here filmed Indiana Jones and the last crusade.

I was there every day, every day.

We used to, why weren't you in the film?

I couldn't be bothered to be honest.

I had stuff to do.

It was mine.

So he's the one that came up with the line junior.

Oh, that was mine.

What made you think of that line?

Uh, I was thinking of mints and uh, I, I, I wanted, I fanc ied a chocolate covered mint and uh, I shouted out for the mint junior and uh, Sean quite rightly said that's a good line for the film.

I just, I was leaving the trailer and I heard it and I said , that's, that's bloody great.

What if you had said Twizzler?

I know it could have gone either way.

Couldn't it?

Cinema history would have been changed.

He was there on Jaws for the revenge all the time.

Oh my goodness.

Shouting, Michael, stop it for fuck's sake.

Blame it on Rio.

Uh Rio, yes.

So you were there on set for Austin Powers gold member?

Oh yes.

Yes.

Five days.

That's all you did really.

Michael is just five days.

It was a very memorable performance.

I thought the back of your head was really good.

A lot of that was played by some little fucker who I never got to meet.

I wasn't happy with the casting.

Uh, let's move on.

So can I ask a question?

Um, uh, Sir Michael, Sir Michael.

Yes, Edgar.

Um, uh, you were very famous for having a book about like, uh, your guide to acting.

And, uh, I saw on TV when I was a little kid, you were kind of acting masterclass.

That is right.

Like, could you tell us about some of your rules of acting?

There's one key to acting that I've always enjoyed.

You know this, Sean.

You, you've never spent a day apart.

I would hope you would know this are a great exponent of this particular method.

We both of us use it.

Yes, we do.

We don't blink.

We do not think simply that just watch my performances.

You won't see me blink.

Not once, not even in Batman, not even when I'm upset, perhaps because a young girl has been stabbed like in death trap.

Yes.

What about how, but how do you, I have a question.

How do you stop blinking in like a swarm of killer bees in the swarm?

That was particularly difficult, but I used a couple of lenses.

I had lenses in anti blink lenses, which stops.

It's like a small disc of perspex that hangs above the Iris .

That's shown in vintage.

Sean, you invented these.

Yes I did.

So when you came up with this method, Sean, you said, well, there's gotta be a technical way to do this.

Well, I was making my own at home and I had a terrible infection in my tear ducts.

And so I contacted the company that made them for me.

Oh, well, a lot of the time we inform on each other's films .

It was my idea to use the little green balls full of virus in the rock, wasn't it?

Oh, yes.

Oh, great.

Great idea.

Yeah.

I thought it was, I thought it was like a bath bomb, but we 'll kill you.

Nobody escaped from the rock except me.

And I did it twice.

Yeah.

Well, I wanted to improvise, but they wouldn't let me.

I read that you came up with also the, uh, you're between the rock and a hard case.

That's right.

That was part of the, uh, the commercial advertising for the movie.

I've done a little bit of advertising in my time.

I was actually leafing through a magazine once and I came across a beautiful bird.

Have I told this story?

I don't know.

I'd love to hear it again.

I'm not as sharp as I used to be, but I bloody try.

So are you, are you guys ever going to start another movie together?

I mean, I would love to see, I don't know.

I didn't know you guys were such great friends.

They do want to make a man who would be king too.

Obviously, sequels are very important these days.

Yes.

Seems to be the only thing they're making.

I just think it's a lot of furore about the Royal baby.

That's what they want us to do.

Yeah.

Are you, uh, are you going for the, um, independence of Scotland?

Sean, I haven't asked you about this.

I don't care.

I live here.

You live in Spain, don't you?

Yeah, I live everywhere.

We live in Spain.

I've got houses everywhere.

I'm a very wealthy man.

Thanks to James Bond.

Can you say the famous line from James Bond?

It was, I would love to hear it.

Go fuck yourself Blofeld.

I love it.

What an amazing performance.

Oh, I love it.

Incredible.

Fantastic.

So Sean, can I ask you your opinion of the James Bonds that came after you?

Oh yeah.

I mean, it's a lot of...

Let's go through them, shall we?

After you, there was the one, that guy that just did one.

Can't remember his name.

Lazing me.

George Laser Brain.

Laser Brain.

Well, you know, I think...

George Laser Brain.

It was a very, very brief performance, you know.

It's about two hours long.

Although the only Bond to wed.

Look what happened.

Yeah.

That's true.

That's very sad.

Yes.

Did I tell you I met my wife?

No.

I was leaving through this magazine a couple of years ago.

I was on page 57 and there she was.

Beautiful.

Lovely bird.

I called her up.

She just said, she said yes.

And that's it.

We're still together.

So she said yes to what?

Will you marry me over the phone?

No, she just picked up the phone and went yes.

And you took that to me.

I asked, do you not, is that not what she meant?

Have you kidnapped her?

Not at all.

I might be a kidnapper.

Wow. So did they ever find out who would be king at the end of that first film?

I don't know.

I think I've never seen it.

Well, you were in it.

Did you read the script?

Yeah, I read my bits.

Do you have like an earpiece like Marlon Brando used to have where people just say your lines to you and you repeat them?

What?

A lot of the time we were just drinking and messing around with Christopher Plummer.

Yes.

Oh, Plummer.

He's great.

He's a lovely guy.

He's back on top.

Absolutely.

I know Simon Pegg, the actor, beautiful young man, does an amazing performance in the world sense.

He recently made a film with Christopher Plummer.

He did.

Which film is that?

Called Hector and the Search for Happiness out next year.

Oh my gosh.

I've got high hopes for this.

He's a great young actor.

Very promising.

Can I ask you...

Massive dick.

I mean, he's not personality wise.

Oh, just he has a large penis.

Oh, great.

That's impressive.

Michael, do you do any impressions?

Yes, I do.

I do an impression of the actor Simon Pegg, funnily enough.

Oh, really?

I'd love to hear him.

He took off.

Hang on, hang on, hang on.

I've got to get the face and the voice right.

You've got red on you.

That's it.

I can only say the one thing.

Yeah.

Is that a famous line from...

I think it's from his film Hot Fuzz.

Oh, great.

Well, that's fantastic.

Sir Michael, I don't think...

Oh, are you guys okay?

Oh, yeah.

Just a slight coughing fit there.

Swallowed a moth.

Wait a minute.

Is there an echo in here?

Because all of a sudden...

Sean, can I ask you a question?

Of course you can.

So we've talked about laser brain.

Yes.

But there's Pierce Brosnan, who's in this film The World's End.

Aye.

And he was a Bond.

As far as I know, he did four or five of these things.

Yeah, I think he did about 43 of the Bonds.

No, he didn't.

Did he not?

No, he did four.

Which is Pierce Brosnan?

Is that the little...

The Irish guy.

He's the black one.

No, I don't...

Was he the black Bond?

Yeah.

That's right.

Pierce Brosnan's not a white man's name, is it?

No, very Jamaican.

I think it was timely, though.

I think the franchise needed it by that time.

I think we were bored of posh white boys.

I am.

Yeah.

Aren't we all?

What did you think of Roger Moore, who replaced you after Diamonds Are Forever?

I thought he basically took the corpse of the role I created and fucked it.

My gosh, Sean.

Throughout the entire 80s.

Just fucked it.

Don't hold back.

Tell us what you think.

I think, in many ways, he made a mockery of the character and irreparably damaged it until along came Dalton, who I did respect.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

And along came Polly, the movie with Jennifer Aniston, who hilariously plays the part of Polly, a difficult to know girl.

Michael, I had heard that you actually were up for the role in The Untouchables that Sean here got.

Is that right?

Well, you know, we don't really argue about things.

What's good for the goose is good for the gander.

Of course.

That's what we say.

Who plays the goose and who's the gander in your relationship?

I play Richard Goose, a detective.

And I play Dave Gander, who is another detective.

A hard-knock cop with a grudge.

I imagine the two detectives would get along really well because they have so much in common.

Goose and gander.

It's our new film, isn't it?

What's it rated R for?

Rim jobs.

Did you say rim jobs?

Yeah, I said rim jobs.

R for rim jobs.

I thought you said rum jobs.

Rum jobs.

What is that exactly?

A rum job.

It's like when you lick around the rim of a bottle.

I think it's when you get an hand job from Captain Morgan.

Well, guys, I love your friendship.

I love hearing about your lives.

Thanks very much.

It's been great to come in here.

We are going to miss our tea off time.

We were just told to come in and sit down here.

I thought it was a place for a prostate examination.

I was using your microwave to heat up some soup.

What kind of soup, Michael?

Heinz cream of tomato.

You can't get it here.

I have to go down to Santa Monica.

I understand.

And get in the pub.

All right, well, your soup is getting cold.

Yes, it is.

Thank you guys so much for coming by.

Thanks for having us.

Yeah, why don't we take a break?

Edgar, can you stick around?

Maybe Simon and Nick will come back.

Good luck with your film at World's End, young man.

Oh, thank you.

That's actually the name of Pirates of the Caribbean 3.

Oh, fuck you.

Wow.

OK, well, we'll come right back.

And we'll have more from the crew from the World's End after this comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here.

And oh, Simon and Nick came back in.

Hey, hey, guys.

This place smells of a very, very high class aftershave.

What's been going on?

It's pretty amazing what happened.

I don't want to, I mean, go back and listen to the show.

It smells like aramis.

Not the musketeer, the rich.

No, it smells like the musketeer.

Soundy-based scent.

It smells a little like d'etarnien, doesn't it?

Doesn't it?

I'm not sure.

Hello.

Guys, it's time for one of our favorite features on the show.

And you two have never played it.

I don't think you've ever played it.

I don't know.

But it's time for a little something we call Would You Rather.

♪♪♪ This is the same fanfare that plays when I go back to my hometown.

No talking during.

Sorry, Scott.

♪♪♪ Oh, OK.

It's time to play Would You Rather.

Sorry about that, guys.

But that's the theme.

That was awesome.

That made me want to escape from, like, a German labor camp .

I'd bury under walls.

It made me want to go into one.

I'd love to put you into one if you'd like to escape.

I'd like to.

Let's talk after the show.

I like heavy lifting.

OK, fair day, Isaac.

We all know how this is played, except for maybe you three.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios to my Twitter account, which is at CBBWIR, Comedy Bing Bong Would You Rather.

Please don't send it to me personally.

If you send them to me personally, I'll throw them onto the Would You Rather pile, which, as we all know, is not like a wood pile, which is wood that you use in a fireplace.

A Would You Rather pile is Would You Rather scenarios that you discard.

So don't get confused about that.

Send them to CBBWIR.

I don't think you can get them any clearer.

Right.

OK.

That's super clear.

OK, fantastic.

So wait, we send them to your personal Twitter account, right?

Exactly, yes.

It's as easy as AB8.

So I will read the scenario out loud.

I will open the floor for questions.

You're free to ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios, because I have a lot of information that's not contained in the question in order to help narrow down your choice.

OK.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no more questions.

There's no warning when that's going to happen, by the way.

It just happens out of the blue.

You'll vote.

We'll tally up the points.

We'll see what happens.

All right, here we go.

This comes to us from Scott Travers.

Scott Travers asks, Would You Rather be able to talk to animals but just mean ones?

For example, jellyfish or mosquitoes?

Or have the power of flight after a mandatory four-hour TSA check?

Would you rather be able to talk to animals, just the mean ones, jellyfish, mosquitoes, or have the power of flight after a mandatory four-hour TSA check?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Simon, immediately.

So the TSA check, that would involve just, I mean, any physicality, like searches or would it just be questioning, boring?

It's a random search, yes.

Would you have to be kind of subjected to the kind of passive aggression that fills you with an intense hatred for the person?

Oh, of course.

How many times would we have to hear him or them or her say , that's the British actor?

Probably twice per trip, I would say.

Yeah.

Now, it's not a question.

It's more of a statement.

OK.

I'm not sure there are mean animals.

What?

I don't think they're mean.

I don't think animals are mean.

No, they don't have a moral comfort.

I think they protect themselves.

Yeah.

And I think they can kill you, but I don't think they're mean.

They're not malicious.

What about wasps?

Do you think it's nurture, not nature then?

I think animals are raised mean.

I think they just, well, if they grow up in the wrong side of the wood.

But what's mean?

How, you know, is a dog biting a child mean?

I mean, yeah.

Yeah, it might sound mean, but then if you figure the dog, the kid pushed a crayon in the dog's ear.

But who made that dog mean?

Humans, right?

No, I don't think so.

I think an animal in the wild, there are certain snakes that are mean.

But don't you think bees are mean?

I mean, let's say that.

Oh, don't.

I just watched Bee Movie, Jerry Seinfeld.

Bees are not mean.

They're cute, funny.

There's a really weird HIV joke in that movie, isn't there?

Yeah.

Yes, there is.

It's strange.

We have hivo, which is a terrible disease.

It's something about TiVo.

And then he says, we have hivo, but that's a disease.

Yeah, it's really weird.

Yeah, it's sort of out of place.

Yeah, didn't get it.

Anyway, but bees are mean.

Why do we say dangerous animals?

Bees are nice and wasps are mean.

Surely wasps are the mean ones.

I think hornets, some of the hornets are mean.

Oh, yeah, fuck hornets.

Anything that stings you and or bites you and or shits on your head is mean.

Okay.

People say wasps are mean because they don't give us anything.

Bees get a sort of a bit off because they're honey.

I realized the other day, you know when a bee stings you, it dies, right?

Now, that might seem to someone as like a upon revolutionary choice, but it's not.

What it is, is it's a group mentality act.

You know, when you sting and you die, then that teaches all the other bees a certain thing.

Do you know what I mean?

It's like, no, don't fucking sting anyone for God's sake.

Because the bee that stings someone and dies doesn't realize it's about to die.

But what they're stinging for is the greater good.

They're stinging for a group, a collective imperative.

Which is the characters in the movie, The Sting as well.

That was all for the greater good.

I think bees that sting people and die have been promised virgin bees in heaven.

46 virgin bees in heaven.

Do you think there's ever been a bee that stung someone and then lived forever?

It went the other way.

Yeah.

There could be an anomaly.

Have you ever drunk bee milk?

No, I haven't.

That sounds amazing.

Very sweet.

Bilk.

Yeah.

It's black.

Really?

Can we just just be okay?

Yeah.

Can we just establish, let's say dangerous animals.

I think that's what he means by mean.

I'm so sorry.

No, the question is mean.

I'm sorry.

So we have established that animals are definitely mean.

All right.

I wouldn't say mosquitoes.

I mean, they're just, they're just like, um, they're just nosy.

Biggest killer, biggest killer in the world.

Oh, mosquito.

So you could say to a mosquito, Hey, get off.

And it would go, Oh, sorry, mate.

And you take off and it wouldn't give you malaria.

Well, you're the, I do have to clarify.

You're able to talk to these animals.

They don't talk about, they don't talk.

So if you're swimming in the sea and a shark, don't bite me .

I'm just having a swim.

And then it's just kind of mimes.

But it might go, it might go, fuck you.

I'm a shark and bite you.

Anyway, you would not be able to understand what the animal says.

I think that's what it's doing.

Fists comes up.

You know, the, uh, fuck it.

Um, the guy from Jaws for the revenge was just here.

I was talking about sharks.

He's the guy who plays, uh, I don't remember his name anymore.

Mario van Peebles.

He plays the back of, um, he plays the front of Scott Ock erman's head in Austin powers gold member.

Yeah.

I didn't want to bring that up, but that was, that was really weird.

That was a poor rendition of Scott, if you ask me.

Yes.

It was very strange.

I personally, I do not think four hours of TSA grilling is, I personally don't think it's a, it's a bad price.

By the way, don't vote yet.

I'm just saying, you're just weighing the options at this point.

You think about if you could fly, you could, you know, I mean, you'd be just free to have the most amazing fun and get around the earth very quickly.

And all you would have to do is endure four hours of, uh, Oh, every time you take off again.

So you could remain with you then you could remain hovering for long periods of time.

It's every time you take off.

Every time you take off.

So I wasn't sure because the TSA thing threw me, I thought maybe it was a four hour, a four day or four hour, four hours, four hour TSA check every time you take off just to get onto a Delta airline plane to go to Detroit or something.

No, no, no.

You're just like one flight.

It's a one domestic flight.

You're able to physically see.

I just thought I have to go through four hours.

Yeah.

So you're able to fly, but anytime you land and want to take off again, then all of a sudden the TSA comes in process.

But then it's a lifelong gift that you have.

So you could always like every now and again, just do it.

I mean, I personally think flying would be amazing.

I'm not going to vote.

I'm just saying, of course.

I also personally think saying to, uh, you know, a black widow spider is about to sink his deadly jaws into my soft white skin.

Hey guys, why don't you not do that?

And maybe it would listen and say to itself, not to me.

Obviously I was at the British actor.

Hey, it's the British actor.

I don't, if they cannot talk back to you, it's not that helpful.

Because say I always have nightmares about, um, a nature documentary I saw about, um, scorpions being in sandals.

Like I don't, I remember that whole documentary about that one time.

It was six hours long beds as well.

It was a woman.

She came up, she put her shoe on.

It was, ah, now here's the, here's the same.

Freeze frame dead.

Yes.

It was Sharon glass.

It was sharing.

Um, now here's the thing is that say I'm, I'm on holiday.

Where would scorpions be in Morocco?

Where did scorpions in the UK Edgar?

Really?

I thought you were asking where they went on holiday.

No, where's, where's a, where's a particularly a scorpion centric, uh, Morocco.

I say Morocco.

So I'm in Morocco.

Um, I've just got out of bed.

You're diving through baskets, you know, you're opening up baskets.

No, my sandals are on the floor.

If I said hello, there are any scorpions in there.

They wouldn't be able to say anything about it.

It's not helpful.

Can I just say, you haven't asked about this.

You can command them as well.

I can say, Oh, that's different.

All scorpions out.

Exactly.

If there are any scorpions in my sandal right now, get out.

Show yourself or you could just pick them up and bang them out.

Oh, okay.

I used to live.

I used to, what?

In the middle East.

Did we always have to bang our boots in the mornings?

Really?

There were no school.

How long were you there?

Quite a while.

Really?

Lots of tarantulas.

Was there?

He was on a kibbutz.

Furry gray ones.

Did anything ever fall out?

Um, often you'd be picking apples and you'd hear a terrible scream.

And, uh, it was one of the go, what had happened is they'd put their hands in to pick an apple.

And as they pull their hand out, there was like a massive green chameleon on them.

That happened to me up, uh, up North here with a frog, a frog.

I opened the door to this place I was staying at.

All of a sudden I looked down at my hand, there's a frog on it.

And I screamed and my wife was like, literally thought I was murdered.

And then it happened the very next day.

I came back in same door, open it up, frog on my hand.

That's how you got frog hand.

That's where it comes from.

Yes.

That's where the old expression comes from.

This happened to me 50 years ago and it's just been passed down.

No count frog hand.

Uh, any other questions about either of these scenarios?

I mean, okay.

Well then we got it straight.

You can command them.

So let's go back to my original point.

You could say, don't bite me shark.

And it wouldn't exactly.

Yes.

Don't carry off my, uh, cat.

Eagle star in jaws five, the forthcoming.

Yeah.

And then it would have to do it for scale.

Can I ask a question?

Yes.

Well, Hey, that's what this game's all about.

So do you think Godzilla gets paid for scale?

The TSA, um, team?

Yes.

Are they always the same team or do they rotate?

Like shift shifts?

Uh, it's the same team.

And, uh, so you really get to know them very well.

They're like family.

See, I've met some TSA, a fair amount of TSA people who have been a delight, you know, have been fun.

Who've sort of like made it not painful.

It isn't always painful.

They're friendly sometimes in the morning.

Yeah.

They got to go through there.

Yeah.

Some of them are really lovely.

I have a question.

That mindless, that kind of mindlessness where it's like, well just talk to me.

If someone's in a bad mood, it's not so nice.

But I think the TSA, they should say what mood they're in before they, much like critics.

Well, they should have a red, a green or a like a mood ring kind of thing that just displays what their mood is like.

Like the terrorism thing.

Take your shoes off.

Why do they hate iPads so much?

Yeah.

Weird.

That's weird.

They have like a weird thing about them.

You know what I mean?

They don't mention any other tablet though, do they?

No, they don't.

They don't talk about a Kindle iPad.

You know what?

That's only recently a thing.

Now you have to take your iPad out as well, isn't it?

They only ever say iPads.

Yeah.

They don't talk about a Kindle fire.

I think they're just bucking up the wrong tree, aren't they ?

Yeah.

I think, you know.

It's like, who's going to store a bomb on their iPad?

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Cause I mean, I know they're amazing devices.

There's some great apps though.

I've got that bomb app.

It's that great bomb app.

Yeah.

So there's some brilliant bomb apps and they're free.

You know what's what, what about, what about, what about.

You know, say a dog, right?

Sure.

Dog is not a mean animal per se, but rabbit dog though.

Yeah.

But dog is came jogging mean.

I had a dog chase me when I was a paper boy up and down the street.

And if I had this power and I said, Hey, fuck off, leave me alone.

Yeah.

You would've used it.

Yeah.

I am right hand twice.

I've been moved by Alsatians.

Really?

You don't say people from Alsace as well.

Not dogs.

You heard a rumor and you guys, you guys are from across the pond.

You would know this.

I heard a rumor that the queen commands every corgi in the world.

Yes she does.

Like mentally.

And not only the ones from this universe, but from alternate universe.

It's like a hive mind.

It's like a pan-galactic hive mind.

Yeah.

But hive is a terrible disease.

Apparently.

According to a Bee Movie.

Yeah.

If you've seen that documentary about, um, you know, uh, pandemic diseases, Bee Movie with Joey Sanzell.

So I had a question.

Yes.

You have a question.

What does TSA stand for?

Ah, great question.

I've always, always, always thought about it.

Take your shoes off.

Take shoes off.

How are you spelling F?

Take shoes off.

Hey, take off your jacket.

It's a cardigan.

Guys, the floor is questioned.

The floor is questioned.

No, the floor is closed.

I love the floor is questioned.

The floor is questioned isn't that either.

At some point the floor will be questioned.

There will be no warning.

Floor is closed guys.

We have to vote.

Uh, I'm going to turn to, well, you know, I'm looking at him.

12 o'clock right now.

Simon.

I think ultimately the power of flight would just be worth it for, for the, for the joy of living.

What would you do if you could fly around?

I'd fly all over the place.

You know, I just, I'd fly.

I wouldn't drive so much.

I'd be, I feel good because I wouldn't, there'd be no emissions.

I need to drive more.

Do you think?

What would I?

Yeah.

Four hours of TSA each morning.

I wouldn't be each morning though.

It'd be like every time I felt like, you know what I want to do?

I want to soar through the clouds and just feel free and alive.

But I think the four hour check makes it almost impossible to just tick, you know, tickle you tick, tickle your box.

Tickle your heels and go, which by the way, and you, you didn't ask about this and you should have, uh, you're only flying at three miles an hour.

So yeah, you didn't ask for it.

So, but you already voted.

So Scott, that's not fair.

Sorry.

Uh, Nick, you're at two.

Yeah.

Um, how do you like to, it's a tricky one in this?

It really is.

There are pros and cons for both sides.

Um, I agree with you on that score.

I I'm going to go with Simon, you know?

Yeah.

You're going to fly around with him.

Three miles an hour.

Three miles an hour though.

It's kind of shit.

And four hours of yeah.

Take your shoes off.

Take shoes off.

Uh, I'm going to, I'm going to go, I'd like to be able to talk to, talk to the animals, talk to the mean animals.

Yeah.

Dr. Doolittle once said, all right, great.

Um, what animal would you command if you, can you think of any, probably spiders?

Yeah.

I hate spiders.

Yeah.

They're a problem.

You know what I mean?

I don't see the, I just don't see the point of them.

You know what would happen is, you know, sometimes you're like in the UK, we get these big old house spiders that come in.

They're not as thick and substantial as the tarantulas.

Did you say half spiders?

House spiders.

Oh, house spiders.

They're like, they're like domestic.

They come in during September, spring and fall.

They come into the house.

Get out of the cold.

Yeah.

And they're, they're big and they're fast and they're kind of, and what's awful is that, you know, you've got to get a glass over them and stuff.

You don't want to kill them.

You know, we have this, you know, hurt no living thing rule in our house.

And, uh, and, but it would be nice to just say, Hey mate, fuck off.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

But although that's kind of cruel.

Yeah.

All right.

Hey buddy, listen, uh, hang out in the corner.

Hang out in the corner.

Don't crawl into my mouth and I'm asleep.

Exactly.

I wouldn't mind spiders hanging out just like in the corners.

As long as I knew, you know, knew they weren't going to be all over.

I'd say to them something like, you can have the kitchen.

Yeah.

Don't come into the front room when we're watching telly.

And if you do knock, so we're not surprised.

Spider knock.

When we see you scuttling.

Tiny.

Yeah.

Well gosh, Simon, it always almost makes you want to switch your vote, which you cannot do too bad.

Edgar, how are you going to vote?

I think I got to talk to the mean animals because I would like to, if I'm like sitting outside an Italian restaurant eating a pasta salad, I would like, sounds wonderful wasps to fuck off.

Yeah.

Like just wasps, just get, I'm having a conversation.

Like there's nothing for you here.

You're not going to like it anyway.

Please.

And you also, what you could do is go, go, but you know, go over there.

And that's the other thing that we haven't talked about.

Yeah.

You can command them to attack your enemies.

Absolutely.

I'd say I don't like the look of the couple on table 12.

Please go and bother them instead.

Or go and bother that really hot girl.

And I'll go over and I'll come over and I'll punch you and you pretend to be asleep.

Or go attack Julia Roberts while she's making eat, pray, love.

Boom.

You're up one notch.

Number four.

In at number four, Scott Pilgrim versus the world.

All right.

Well, in other news, Julia Roberts was mauled by a kangaroo .

Why is that other news?

So listen.

Scott Pilgrim being number four is above that.

And finally, Julia Roberts was killed today by a kangaroo.

If I mistimed it, if I mistimed that, if Julia Roberts died , if I mistimed it, and she'd already made the film, Eat, Pray, Love would go to number one.

Oh, Julia Roberts' last performance in Eat, Pray, Love because she sadly died.

You'd still be number five though.

Wouldn't have changed that much.

It just would have gone up to number one.

All right, guys.

Well, let's tally up the votes.

It looks, you know, obviously the animals is the correct vote.

So you guys are tied.

Simon, you voted incorrectly.

Really?

I've never seen a vote like that.

I mean, your inexperience in the game really shows.

The three mile an hour rule was a late thing.

You know, you should ask the question.

That's why we play the game.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, sorry.

So you're, we usually we have a winner, but since you guys tied, you guys are the winners and you are the loser, Simon.

I am the loser.

Point at me and say loser.

That's how we play Would You Rather, of course.

That holy grail music.

Sorry guys.

No, no talking.

Sorry.

It was Sean Connery and Michael Caine over here earlier.

It was crazy.

Have you guys ever met them?

Never.

They were so nice.

You know, Michael Caine met his wife.

He was reading this magazine.

I think he got to like page 57.

What?

And he saw this, he saw Shakira and he sort of just called her up and they went on a date.

Oh my God.

Why didn't he talk about that while he was here?

I mean, I would be tagging.

Hey, who was on page 58?

Uh, Sharon Gless.

Close call for him.

Wow.

All right, guys.

Great game.

And this has been a fun show.

We just have one last thing to do.

And that is plugs.

This seems like a good enough time as any to plug.

So plug your stuff.

Yeah.

Plug your stuff.

Plug it up.

Up and down.

Plug it up.

Plug your stuff.

Just plug.

Plug your stuff.

Oh, that is plug your stuff by Ryan drain.

Thank you Ryan drain.

I thought it was mercury rev.

Yeah.

So I kind of like that.

You're right.

Congratulations Ryan.

And uh, you know, you're only famous for three days until Monday's episode, but enjoy it.

It's enough.

Yeah.

You know, relation to Tain.

Uh, yeah.

Tain.

Good call back.

Nice.

That was right from the very beginning.

I like to sort of, you know, cyclical jokes.

You see when you watch an Edgar Wright movie, you see a lot of that kind of shit.

Speaking of Edgar Wright movies and movies starring you guys and written by the two of you, let's talk about it.

Plugging today.

It comes out.

It's out today.

Go see the world's end.

The world's end.

It is in theaters is rated R for, um, uh, strong language, including pervasive sexual references.

Give us a good weekend and we might be able to make another one.

Do you suggest that people wait until Monday to see it or that's not what you got?

All we ask that we, I know this might seem a lot to ask, but all we ask is that people see it three times in theaters in the opening weekend.

You're hoping that they just stay in the theater and not pay for it.

No, no, no, no, no.

You want them to pay for it.

Go back outside and pay for it again.

All we want is for it to do what Avatar did on the weekend.

That's our goal.

And also I've put, uh, I've put to one lucky winner, uh, in a cinema across America.

One seat.

Well, I've picked one seat at a world's end screening.

I will give a $12 billion that I've made from some of my internet, um, uh, ventures to that person who goes to see the world's end.

I'll pick the seat out on Tuesday.

Okay.

And if you, a person has sat in that, then I will give them that amount of money.

How do they prove if they've sat in that seat?

Everyone has to take it on.

I haven't thought this through.

Tell them to take a picture of their bum.

Oh yeah.

We got to take a picture of their bum.

I love a DNA paper.

Okay.

Yeah.

Just take a picture of your ass.

Naked.

Yeah.

You're naked.

And it's a you, not just your ass.

I'm so sorry, but the rectum.

Okay.

That's very important.

Live rectum.

Take a, this is the terms and conditions.

T and C's.

Uh, take a picture of your live rectum.

TSA.

Yeah.

Send it to me.

Has to be a selfie.

Selfie ass.

Yeah, there it is.

Uh, no guys, no guys.

Okay.

Show us your chocolate Frenchie.

When you think about chairs, so many people have rubbed their buttholes against you.

And yet I make them all the time.

I don't even think of that.

So, uh, anything else to plug?

Anything coming out later?

That's it.

The world's end.

Just think of that.

We've been on that tip for a while and it's something that we're deeply, deeply proud of.

If you want any kind of other persuasion, 96% on Rotten's and Maldon's.

Next question.

And listen, don't listen to the 4% people.

Just listen to the 96.

Yeah.

Fantastic.

I'm really looking forward to it.

I hear everyone I've talked to says it's amazing.

I just got a text from Andy Sandberg who says, will you forgive me for not going to the premiere last night?

Oh, he wasn't there.

I know.

He says he was tired.

Weirdly.

He was the one person I was really looking forward to meeting.

Oh, cause I just worked with Rashida Jones and they're good mates.

So we had the other two.

We had Yorma and Akiva there.

I was gutted.

So what is the answer?

What should I text him back?

I don't know.

Fuck you Andy.

Maybe text nothing.

Say young sandwich you have let us down.

Yeah.

Young sandwich.

You've let us down.

Um, okay.

What do I want to plug?

Again?

Second show in New York and Washington, DC for the tour.

Come out for the tour.

Uh, it's me, Paul F.

Tompkins, the birthday boys opening.

And if you cannot come to any of the cities, any of the 12 cities, uh, we're going to be selling the podcast part of that tour at earwolf.com.

You can get every show for $25 and it will be sent to you in the morning right after we do the show.

So talking about yourself, I got one more thing.

It's expensive.

Isn't it?

The TV show.

Watch it tonight.

Andy Richter on the show tonight.

Oh, and thank you to Justin Desmond who, uh, donated a hundred dollars to CBB, which is a gift from his fiance.

Thank you so much, Justin.

Something special coming to you and that's it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

No plugs are getting out.

Ken Marino, of course, with the closing up the plug bag theme and guys, thank you.

This was so much fun.

Thanks for coming by and doing an emergency recording session.

I really appreciate it.

And go see the world's end.

Thanks everyone.

Bye.

Take your shoes off.

This has been an Earwolf media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

To.

Com.

The wolf dead.
