---
layout: page
title: 241. Paul Scheer, Nick Kroll [21083⧸21127].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Two stars from the TV show The League, which returns to TV on September 4th on FXX, the new channel.

Paul Scheer and Nick Kroll, you've heard them on the show together before, they are both here with me the entire show .

All of that, and I'm sure there will be more, all on today 's...

♫ Music ♫ Why I oughta buy you a new bicycle because you got such good grades this semester!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Wow, great catchphrase, Christian Church!

Oh, the whole Christian Church, the entire Christian Church submitted that, thank you so much Christian Church.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, if you have a catchphrase submission, you know where to put it.

And welcome to the show, I am your host, well, with the most.

Scott Aukerman, and wow, what a summer day we are having.

Comedy Bang Bang weather report, it's kinda hot!

So I hope that helps out, whatever day you happen to be listening to this on, and we're actually taping this well in advance of it being released, so hey!

Hope that helps for you, but yeah, definitely kind of hot.

What will the world be like when this comes out?

Oh my gosh, I can't imagine.

Maybe it'll be over.

Do you guys like the sunglasses I put on as a joke?

I've been watching these sunglasses and I wondered who you were putting them on for.

I put them on as a joke and none of you gave me a reaction to them, but now I...

I was looking at them and I was like, first of all my thought was, that's odd that he does it with sunglasses on, I thought you were like that guy who, you know, that guy who, the LA guy who talks about sex all the time.

Tom Likas?

Tom Likas, how you doing?

We've had him on the show before.

I feel like there are probably a lot of LA guys.

I saw Ryan Seacrest before he got famous.

I happened to be passing through someplace like The Grove.

I don't think The Grove existed at the time.

Sure.

What was there, that's before, yeah, what was there?

What was the world like before Ryan Seacrest was famous?

Before The Grove?

True.

No, but Ryan Seacrest was doing a remote, a live remote, and he basically like, he was on when the mic was on, and then the minute it was off he put on sunglasses and just sat there glumly.

Yeah.

And now his life's great, and he's probably happy.

Was this before American Idol?

It was before American Idol, yes.

Well, he was waiting to meet, uh, who's the- Dunkleman, Brian Dunkleman.

Dunkleman had yet to come into his life.

Oh boy, oh boy, Brian Dunkleman.

Because Dunkleman had his follow-up to be like, he, what was he on, was he on, he was on a reality show.

Dunkin' it like Dunkleman.

What was he on?

You know, there's nothing, I do want to defend Brian Dunkle man just for a second and say that he was in a rock and a hard place, because I think he was supposed to be like- He was in between one.

Yes, he was in between- I don't think he was literally in a rock and a hard place simultaneously.

He was in a rock and a hard place.

He was in Iraq.

Hey, did, is that the original title of that James Franco movie? In between a rock and a hard place?

It was actually called A Rock and a Hard Place.

Yeah.

And it was about- It was about he traveled to Iraq.

Yeah.

It's like, that's the Beatles remake in Iraq.

Mm-hmm.

Really?

Wait, is that what it's really called?

No.

The Beatles didn't do that?

No!

Yeah, of course it didn't.

You've heard of Get Back. It was originally Paul McCartney and similarly to Scrambled Eggs and yesterday it was Iraq.

What? Oh my god.

Iraq! Iraq!

Guys, I went to Iraq and I'm going to tell you there's nothing to joke about.

Paul, thank you for your service.

I went to Iraq and I did the good job of working there for the troops.

Thank you so much, Paul. And by the way, I want to introduce you guys.

Yes.

I'm glad you get to do that. I mean, savvy listeners probably know exactly who you are from your very specific voices.

Yes, I am Danny Trejo.

Yeah!

Star of Maquette.

And I am Danny Terrio, star of Solid Gold.

Dance fever.

Oh, it's been so long I've even forgotten myself.

I know, why do people like us even know something like that ?

Maybe all the vast amounts of cocaine that I put into my body while I was making that show.

But you look good, man.

But I feel good and I look great.

You look good.

Let me say your names just to put a mental picture of who you are for the listeners to enjoy.

Now, you're both castmates on The League, which returns September...

First week of September, Wednesday nights at 10.30.

On the new FXX.

Yes, we've moved nights and channels in a very bold move to confuse our audience.

We said, hey, you guys like the show? Let's change the network. Let's change the night. Let's go for it.

And we are going to a network that has two shows on it.

You should have like a scavenger hunt as well.

That's crazy. Are we literally the only two shows on it?

Us and Always Sunny.

Does it just repeat over and over?

No, it's only one hour.

Let me just say this.

The network is only active one hour?

Well, I think that they're going to have a lot of Charlie Sheen reruns before and after us.

I don't know. I know that. Here's what I will say about FXX .

We'll introduce you in a second.

They're always edgy.

Even in their program, literally even in their programming.

They're outside of the box.

It's not your grandma's television, I'll tell you that much .

HBO, they'll put advertising behind stuff. AMC will let you know what channel they're on.

FX says no. Let the audience literally find the show.

But you know what, though? I do believe...

Yes.

And we'll introduce you in a second.

I'm Paul Scheer, by the way. Sorry.

And I am Nick Kroll.

I do believe that our audience... that if you're going to do it to a show...

I do feel like our audience is our audience and will find the show.

Will the season pass on a DVR? That was a great point, by the way.

I really want to commend you for that.

It won't, Scott.

Because you were going to say, will a season pass crossover ?

And here's how I know it won't.

Because as Scott knows, I am very much into the Family Feud with Steve Harvey.

Yes, we watched a whole bunch of them. We were on vacation recently.

And it was amazing. I've gotten into it.

It was a lot of fun.

And so I put on the Game Show Network, I said, tape Family Feud.

Now, Family Feud with Steve Harvey airs weeknights from 6 to 7 on KCal LA.

KCal, of course.

But it does not catch the KCal ones. It only catches the Game Show Network ones.

I'm stuck watching fucking Richard Karn and John O'Hurley.

I don't want to watch that Family Feud.

No, you want to watch Steve Harvey.

Because, you know, Steve Harvey, to me...

First of all, he has what every man desires. Two first names.

I listen to his radio show sometimes here in LA.

And I think Steve Harvey, this is my belief, is that he fears God and he loves pussy.

And I feel like, and not even like he's unfaithful, I just think he like loves pussy and fears God.

I would swap that.

You would just, you'd...

I fear pussy and love God.

Yeah, then you have a life.

There's a great clip that I was showing to people on the set of The League where...

Starts first week of September on FXX.

I think it's September 4th?

Yes, whatever that Wednesday is. The first Wednesday in September.

I can look it up very easily.

You just had Labor Day. You know, you'll just have finished Labor Day. The summer's over.

You're getting ready for the year.

And fantasy football will be starting up. September 4th, by the way, is the date.

Is it?

I believe the first, the game opener of the season may be the next day on Thursday.

Yes, Thursday. Yes, it does make sense.

So you're right in there. I remember your first season, you came on late in the season.

Exactly. This is the first time we're coming on at the beginning of the season.

And we're not on Thursday night to compete against the show .

That's the biggest victory of moving to FXX is that we had to compete with Thursday Night Football.

Which is a direct competitor, I would say.

Yeah, you are not going to watch it.

I would think it would be the exact same audience.

There may be as many laughs in football as there are in your show.

I mean, look, when you put all those great commentators together...

Well, when Dennis Miller was doing it, then there was more laughs than in your show.

I loved it. I loved it. Loved it. Loved it.

I spent, I did all my years of improv with Pat Summerall.

He was one of the best.

And we were on a team together in New York.

He could heighten and just, he would tag out people.

Greg Gumbold, not so good.

Not as good.

He's a golf guy.

I did like, I ended up doing more open mics with him.

Do you remember watching Pat Summerall and Matt Walsh, they did this scene.

Well, they did a sketch show basically about these two contractors.

And it was an always improvised, so funny.

Summer Walsh.

Because Pat was able, as an improviser, I always felt like Pat could both play the character or play the straight man.

Sure.

And that's something that's rare.

Walsh did not have that ability.

Or Madden. Or Madden.

Oh, Madden.

Madden was great at short form.

Madden as well, the puppet.

Oh, well, Madden was always very charactery.

Yeah.

Very charactery.

She could only do that one character, the Madden character.

Right, but you know what? You still loved it.

You wanted, when you saw her, you wanted to see it.

Of course, of course.

Yeah, it was really good.

What was your point about Steve Harvey?

There was a question on the show.

It was like, what seven dwarf, what name of a seven dwarf describes your wife in bed?

And the two guys that were at the podium refused to answer the question.

What? I've never seen that before.

It was amazing.

It's on YouTube, and they just, they stare at each other, and Steve Harvey's like, come on, guys.

What's happening?

And one of them's a Marine, and the other guy's in normal plain clothes.

And so finally the Marine really begrudgingly hits it and goes, I'm answering this, but this has nothing to do with my wife.

And he goes, Bashful.

And then Bashful went on the board, and then he goes, do you want to steal the other guy?

And the other guy just shakes his head.

No.

Take the loss.

Come on, it's a survey.

That's amazing.

Both two brothers, was the mom, were the wives on the panel ?

I did not, the clip on YouTube only showed the first part of it.

What about Wheezy?

Wheezy?

Yeah, like George Jefferson could have answered that.

Yeah.

Well, that's not a technical seven dwarf, though.

Oh, he's Annex.

Really?

Yeah.

He's in the big compendium of the story, kind of like the Lord of the Rings stuff.

He's kind of hanging out in the background.

There's the seven asmatic dwarves.

Hey.

Wheezy.

Is this your new cadence?

I'm really enjoying this new Nick Kroll.

Snorri.

Ee doe white.

Flemmy.

Guys.

Yes.

So, yeah, so if you are a fan of the show and it's already in your DVR as the season passed, go in there, reset it because it's not going to carry over.

Are they going to give you some leeway with that?

Are they going to?

They picked this up for two more years and then potentially one after that, I think.

I heard of four more years, but two more years.

Yeah, I know, right?

Come on, guys.

Well, it's, you know, these days politicians are, it's basically like a show.

You know what I think?

I could tell you about this Anthony Weiner guy.

Oh, boy.

I think that one day in Washington, D.C.

Yeah.

Not the state.

No, of course.

A circus was traveling through.

A traveling circus, much like the Ringling Brothers, Barnum and Bailey circus.

Yes.

One of those circuses.

Of course.

I don't think it was Ringling Brothers because I think it's been a while since it.

No, but, yes, of course.

So anyway, so they was traveling through and we all know circuses travel from town to town.

Oh, right.

A bunch of side shows.

Yeah.

They do the stakes in the ground.

Of course.

They put up the tent, you know.

Of course.

So what happened in Washington, D.C. is the circus moved on , but a lot of the, wait, how did it go?

The performers.

The circus left.

The clowns.

No, the clowns are definitely involved, but the clowns left .

The Ringmasters stayed.

No, fuck.

The Lion Tamers stayed.

The Lion Tamers.

No, they were all definitely gone.

No, I remember that because the Lions definitely showed up in the very next.

I want to step up your show for a little bit.

Okay, here we go.

Oh, wait, sorry, my sound was on.

Hold on.

Uh-oh, turn that sound on, buddy.

The sound wasn't on.

And the bearded lady moved to Dupont Circle.

Oh, was that the joke I was trying to do?

And then, yeah.

Well, this may not work now.

And the elephants moved to Chevy Chase.

Oh, it'll work.

Wait, wait, what did you say, Nick?

Just where all the circus people spread out to in the greater Washington, D.C. area.

Wait, but you said what kind of animals stayed around?

Elephants.

Yeah, like that?

Yeah, yeah, those kind of elephants.

That's what we.

Oh, I like that.

Okay.

Should I just do sound effects?

Yeah, I don't mind.

Oh, man.

Is that app called the Lazy Podcaster?

This is my favorite app of all time.

That's great, by the way.

That's your favorite app of all time.

Of all time.

Better than Angry Birds.

Better than, well, I do like that.

Yeah, it's pretty great.

You got this guy?

Here he goes.

Oh, where is he?

Oh, stuck.

Who's that guy?

Who is that?

I don't know.

How can people get this app?

What is the app called?

It's called Mad Decent.

Yo, Mad Decent hooked Paul up with a free another version of another app.

It's already free, bro.

I got it.

Got machine guns.

Got my dinosaurs.

Mad Decent.

It got my airplane.

Got my rapper.

But that's exactly kind of what it is.

It's totally like Mad Decent.

It's like fine.

It's totally decent.

It totally serves the purpose.

Here's an app that my friend made, Tall John.

You all know Tall John.

Oh, I love Tall John.

We got Shaken Belch.

Oh, I like that.

Did he make this?

He made this, yeah.

He was an app pioneer.

He was.

This is like two years ago.

Yeah.

So you shake it and it belches.

So let's try it.

Very good.

Okay, but maybe, and the longer you shake it, the longer it belches.

You guys can't tell at home that he's shaking it.

I'm going to shake it a really long time.

That's gross now.

Okay, but here are the great little things that are the additions to it.

Okay, so you can have him belch go away when you need a little space.

Go away.

You can also.

Who did he use?

Who is his burp bottle?

This is actually him doing it.

Is it him?

Yeah, yeah.

Wow, he can really burp.

Yeah.

He's got 6'9 to do it.

I like that.

If you have a little space, you can do it.

If you have a little special someone in your life.

I love you.

And here's the piece de resistance.

Fart.

Shaking belch, get it.

I believe it's only 99 cents and I haven't done enough.

That far one gave me chills.

That long burp did get me a little upset as well.

I haven't done enough to promote that, I have to say.

What's it called?

Shaking belch.

I'll tell you how it's called.

Shake n belch.

All one word.

Yes, rock n hard place.

The rock n hard place.

That's a movie.

The rock is in a hard place.

Yeah, okay.

Wait, so you'll just do any movie?

Dick, are you in?

His value is 40 million.

Yeah.

I have 20 million.

If you can raise the rest, I'll give you that.

I'm going to get you a little bit.

Where can people want to listen to MPSA and see if they have that?

I'm going to get you a little bit.

I'm bleeding! I don't feel good!

Going to commercial.

Going to have some fun buying products and stuff!

Yeah, kids are fucking talent.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Sly Stallone and Frank Stallone, the Stallone Brothers.

Hey, yay!

This is a cool place.

I got maybe training here at some point.

You want to train in here?

I think you need more room than the rural studio.

We'll get the punching bags.

We bring punching bags in my car.

I got a couple extra steaks, big old...

You're going to hang steaks in here?

Yeah, big old cow steaks.

Cow steaks?

Yeah, big old cow steaks.

That's not how you say that.

He thinks the tires are steaks.

Yeah!

He refers to the...

Don't eat them!

Don't eat them steaks!

So you're going to bring tires in here?

He can't get big tires.

He's got to punch them, punch them, punch them.

He's got to go rub the steaks.

That's what he calls time.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

They're too rubbery for me, you know?

So you actually are trying to eat them?

I try, even though he tells me I'm not going to get them.

I thought that you just would mix up the word, not that you would actually mix up the actual thing.

That's another side of my brain that doesn't work so good either.

Oh, three sides to the brain to choose from.

Four sides of the brain, just like the heart.

Four sides to every story.

Yeah, that's true.

Whenever I do my writing, whenever I write it out, I write one of my scripts, I tell the guy who writes it.

Four sides to every story.

Four sides?

Yeah.

It's like a Rashomon, but less-a-mon.

Yeah.

It's like a Rasho.

I love all that.

How many was in Rashomon?

Seven!

Oh, so it's a less-a-mon.

This guy, my little brother, Frank, he knows more about Japanese cinema than anybody.

I love him!

Yeah, what's your favorite Japanese product of cinema?

Besides Rashomon.

Besides Washomon?

I guess there's a lot.

I guess I like that one movie with the Japanese guy.

Oh, Godzillah?

Nah, I don't like them Godzilla movies.

You know, a picture I was going to do was Last Samurai.

The Last Samurai, the thing Tom Cruise did?

Yeah, that was my picture.

I couldn't do it because I was going to do another movie.

He had to go do another movie.

Under the Top.

You did Under the Top?

Yeah, we shot it.

It's coming out of the studio.

We shot it and we did it real small.

Do you have a backlog of movies that are coming out?

It seems like that sometimes.

You know, he did a movie, the movie he did just recently, Bullet to the Head?

That was based on me.

Yeah.

It's a picture that we made.

Obviously, Frank, it's like he got a bullet in his head, but he thought he just got it.

But tell them about your Kickstarter.

Tell them about your Kickstarter.

I'm doing a Kickstarter to do this new picture that I came up with called Rambo vs. Rocky.

What?

Wait a minute.

I'm going to raise money to make that picture from you guys that are fans and I'll mess around with all these.

I got a lot of good prizes.

A lot of donators.

If you donate $1 million, what do you get?

You get a walk on in the picture and I'll come and hang out on whatever weird Russian island that you live at.

I got a Russian guy for one weekend.

Comes in a Friday after one and he's got to leave on a Sunday before 10.

That sounds like less than two days to me.

That's like 46 hours.

I got this Chechnya monster.

This guy's scary.

He has people's penises in a jar.

We walk into his house and he does them displayed on his kitchen mantel.

Individually in separate jars or just like one big jar full of like a bunch of dill pickles?

He goes like this.

He goes, get somebody in there.

If you guess I'm right, he gives you the jar.

But I keep on guessing wrong.

Does he give you the penises in the jar?

I guess.

What does he do?

Does he force them into your mouth or something?

The jar of penises?

It's a tool.

This guy's great.

He does the money.

He's a line producer and he does crap service.

He does all those jobs.

Yeah, he used to sell guns.

Oh, okay.

That's how he got all of his money?

Yeah.

He used to sell guns.

Jar full of pickle sticks.

Big jar full of pickle sticks.

He always says, he goes, this is my collateral.

He goes, if you mess up, I'm going to take your dick.

Hey, Collateralist, that's another movie I was going to do.

Yeah.

Oh, Collaterals.

Tom Cruise.

That was the sequel to Collateral.

Good kid.

Going to be a big star.

Yeah.

Tom Cruise is big.

You know what, Frank?

Yeah.

Do you know this guy?

Who?

Yeah.

He's Vin Diesel's brother.

Oh, yeah.

I've seen him a couple of times.

Yeah.

But he's slightly different.

He's a little bit different.

Slightly different.

From you.

Yeah.

Bill Diesel is.

I know that Vin Diesel kid's going to be big picture.

Yeah.

He already is big.

Yeah.

But he has a twin brother.

I can't remember.

Is he twin?

Yeah.

He's got this guy.

He's his twin brother.

And he's in a wheelchair.

Tough call.

And Vin hired him.

I visited him in a hospital, bringing him to Lollipop.

Yeah.

Vin hired his brother in the wheelchair to go around to make sure that the movie start on time?

That's what I heard.

Oh, these new picture houses, they all got ramps to get up in a wheelchair.

Yeah.

So it's a little easier for him.

Stupid fat cripple.

He actually got out of the wheelchair because he got bitten .

He got bitten by this wild animal.

And the doctors said, the only thing you got to do is not get bitten by a wild animal.

And then he went off.

The first day he got out of that wheelchair, after 20 years , he went and touched that animal.

He got bitten and got put back right in that wheelchair.

You know a lot about him.

Well, you got us to do that animal by eating his pussy.

What?

Yeah.

You've eaten a lot of animals' pussies, haven't you?

Yeah.

That's my job.

I got to get him for him.

Wait, I asked that of Sly and you answered.

Yeah.

He picks them up.

Oh, okay.

He picks them up.

Wait, I thought you said you caught the cheetah.

I caught that cheetah.

Yeah.

And ever since then?

We put it on the property and then I chase after it.

Can I ask, can I ask?

You can ask anything you like.

Can I ask Sly a question?

No, thank you.

Tell me what it was like.

Come on.

You're my little brother.

You never get to talk about it.

What was it like to be the voice of Joe the lion in the zo okeeper?

You know, great picture to work on.

It's a fun time to go do something like that.

You know.

A lot of animals whose pussies you could lick.

Yeah.

Well, that was the nice thing is that the rap party I got to see all those animated horror, you know, and I got to spend some time with the show.

Did you meet the zookeeper Kevin James?

Yeah, he's a good kid.

He's going to be a big star.

I like that show that he did.

Oh.

Well, I'm going to give you movies and you give one word to describe your experience on the way.

Come on.

Putting me on the pressure.

Little my little brother.

It is your little brother.

I do.

Yeah.

Okay.

Here we go.

We'll start off real easy.

Rhinestone.

Ryan Reynolds.

Okay.

Wait, Ryan Reynolds?

The word you think of?

I was talking to a guy about remaking that movie.

You could talk to that Ryan Reynolds.

Just because you want to call it Ryan Stone?

Yeah.

I like that.

It's all about marketing.

He was the Green Lantern.

He was the superhero movie of the last two years.

Of all time.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Bullet in the head.

Cliffhanger.

Cliff Huxley.

Wait, are you trying to make a remake of Cliffhanger with Bill Cosby?

Yeah.

Just so you can call it Cliff Hux-de-Buller?

Mm-hmm.

Rudy, there is someone on this mountain.

Frank, is that you doing an impression or did Bill Cosby just walk out of here?

No, my brother Frank is better than Rich Little.

The guy's a genius.

Rudy, there is someone taking over this mountain.

He's doing Rudy.

My wife Camille is trapped on the mountain and I must get my gun and save her from John Lefkow.

My brother's a good kid.

Yeah, I do impressions.

I'm a jack of all trades.

Put them in your pictures.

I don't have any pictures either.

Put them in one of your pictures.

I don't have any pictures.

How about Daylight?

Oh, great movie.

Daniel Day-Lewis.

Yeah.

So you want to make a remake of Daylight and call it Daniel Day-Lewis-light?

Yeah.

It's not one of his heavy pictures where you get all freaking sad.

You get that feeling of watching him in my left foot, but at the end of the movie, he takes that left foot and he fucking bashes it through some gook's head.

I don't think that's the plot to Daylight.

That is.

That is the exact plot.

I don't think so.

Rudy, I got to smash my foot through some gook's head.

It's not that kind of a show, guys.

Wait, Cliff Huxtable, Cliff Huxtable, UAR, my fucking brother here.

Hold on one second.

Frankie, you fucking... hold on one second.

Okay, I'm sorry.

Frank, are you pitching?

Let me just...

Give me one fucking minute.

Okay, yeah, no, I'm trying to give you your space.

I'm not interrupting at all.

Please.

Frank, are you pitching that Cliff Huxtable is in Daylight?

Is that what you fucking pitching?

I didn't mean to upset you.

I just thought they mistaught him.

I tried to treat my brother.

I tried to treat my brother this guy can't get out of his own fucking way.

I put his song in one of my...

I'm not the Octomom.

I put a couple of his songs in a couple of my pitches and then he rides the...

Yeah, fuck.

I thought he mistaught him in like that.

No, no violence, please.

I'm not Mr. Octomom.

Oh, yeah, you know.

Come on, Mr. Octomom.

Don't you swing...

Stop swinging those ham hocks around here.

I'll tell you what.

You know what you look like to me right now?

You look like a big beef cock.

Oh, no, no.

Ow.

Don't.

I'm not a rubber tie.

I'm not a rubber stick.

Guys, come on.

I can't have this level of violence on the show.

Can I just pitch my movie real quick?

Yeah.

Are you okay with that?

I'm in a movie...

I'm almost ready to hear about a new picture.

I'm in a movie called Hardin.

It's a western...

It's this true story of John Hardin with Martin Coe, the guy from Karate Kid and Marshall Teague.

It's going to be good.

It's going to be real good.

Hardin.

Like James Hardin.

Yeah, like the famous guy.

Like the kid with that funny haircut.

And then I'm in Zero Dark Thirty.

You're in that?

Oh, I saw that.

Zero Dark Thirty.

A rock and roll musician travels to Afghanistan to win the hearts and minds of its people.

Yeah, it's going to be good.

It's me.

It's Corey Feldman.

Really?

Yeah.

It's Noel Britton.

I want to see this.

And it's Daniel Baldwin.

All the boys.

All the greats.

All the boys.

Yeah.

And it's Walid Amini and Quinn Gonzalez.

I killed Walid in at least 17 movies.

Wow, that's a record.

I've been killing that guy since 85.

And of course, John Downey III is Steven Spielberg.

Oh, okay.

Of course.

Wow, this sounds like a great film.

When's it come out?

Steven Spielberg is in there.

Well, no, John Downey III is playing Steven Spielberg.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, that's a good guy.

Yeah.

When's it come out?

That comes out in 2013.

Mr. Spielberg and I, you know, he's a good guy.

Kate Capshaw?

What?

Mr. Spielberg?

Mr. Spielberg is a good guy.

Oh, yeah.

Have you ever worked with him?

I don't think you've ever been in one of his films.

I've got a couple of things that he wants to talk to me about.

Okay.

What are those?

One is Jurassic Park with all the dinosaurs.

You've got machine guns.

Whoa!

Is that the plot to number four?

Yeah, you know, it's tough because I've got them short hands.

Yeah, I can imagine, but I mean, just put a machine gun in the hands of a dinosaur and not be on stop.

That'd be scary.

That's it.

Yeah.

Wow.

And then it's just one man goes up against him?

Yeah.

Nah?

It sounds a little bit like this.

I'm not going to do any more.

I don't have to do posts anymore.

This guy's going to do all the songs.

I do all the sound effects.

I do all the singing.

I do all the voices, any sort of voices.

I'm a man of a million voices.

So it's just you in front of a green screen?

Oh, there are dinosaurs with machine guns and the wife stuck.

Do Ronald Reagan for him.

Oh, man.

Well, the dinosaurs will have machine guns.

This new kid that they got out there, Calliander.

You don't have to tap my knee.

Yeah, sorry for breaking your kneecap.

He broke your kneecap with one touch.

Frank Callander, you seen this kid?

He's Marie Callander's brother.

Yeah.

This guy does all of a Madden, everybody.

All men?

All of a Madden.

It does all men.

I thought you said he does all men.

He does all men.

No, that's Frank and my full-face brother.

I do it all.

I do a one-man show.

I get it.

A one-man show of...

Kid doesn't get it all.

It's great.

I love it.

I love acting on the stage.

I do a one-man show of the show about the jury.

You know, it's a...

Oh, 12 Angry Men.

12 Angry Men, but they're all celebrities.

Oh, boy.

Here we go.

Bobby De Niro's in this set.

Yeah, he goes...

Are you talking?

Well, okay, I got to get...

I'm finding the voice.

Don't talk about Mr. De Niro.

All right, I won't do it.

I won't do it, Sly.

Don't do that voice.

I won't do it.

I'm fucking...

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Frank.

You're a jive, Frank.

Frankie.

Hey, you're Frank.

Am I Frank?

You're Frank?

Sly.

You don't know which one you are, you poor little baby.

Come here.

Hey.

Press your head.

I'm taking it.

Ow.

You have a fucking...

God.

Fuck back to me.

I'm sorry.

Nah, come here.

I love you, kid.

Hey, all right.

I love you.

Ow.

Why do you keep falling for this?

I just thought he was going to give me a hug.

He's my kid brother.

I love him.

He's my kid brother.

Come here, kiddo.

Hey, all right.

Yeah, oh, God.

That one, yeah.

That was for fun.

That one's for fun.

Come on.

God damn hurt.

I know you got some...

Ow, ow, ow.

I'll punch you right in the dick.

So I'd love to hear more of this show.

Yeah, all right.

12 Angry Men.

12 Angry Men, and they're all different celebrities.

All right.

And they all argue about, you know, we updated it to the Trayvon Martin trial.

Oh, good.

Okay, so Trayvon Martin is on trial.

Yeah, played by Arnold Schwarzenegger.

Okay, good.

So he's on trial.

Yeah.

Great.

And I didn't read that much of the story, but I figured it was...

It happened, you know, Governor Schwarzenegger, my good friend, he lets them go.

Yeah.

Good, so he goes free.

Trayvon Martin does.

Yeah, he goes free.

They let him go.

We do a little bit of revisionist history.

I like it.

No, but that's how it should have been.

Trayvon, not guilty.

Yeah, that guy shouldn't do any jail time.

But you know what I mean?

The law is the law.

As we learned in Judge Dredd.

Oh, he is the law.

Yeah.

I mean, it was a good, fun picture to make.

Yeah.

So who are the other celebrities who play the Jew-roars?

Oh, okay, yeah, there's a bunch.

Oh, this is great.

You're going to love it all.

Okay, it's the uncle from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.

Uncle Phil.

Yeah, this guy's a good guy.

You know, we share with the same dog with plastic surgeon.

His dog looks so young.

His dog looks like a puppy and he's like 30 years old.

Oh, is it 30 in dog years?

Uncle Phil, you ever get on YouTube, you see a video of Uncle Phil and the guy who's crying goes to a pet psychic because he lost two of his dogs.

Oh.

Yeah, so if you ever go on YouTube, check that out.

Check that out, yeah.

So you got that guy.

I'd love to hear an impression of Uncle Phil.

Okay.

Will?

Will.

Because he's calling his, he's calling Will from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.

Is this his name, his character name, Will?

Yeah.

Oh, I never watched it.

You never watched it.

He never watched it.

I've never seen it.

It's like the modern age Leave It to Beaver.

That kid's going to go somewhere.

Okay, is that a selling point?

What?

That kid, Will Smith, he's going to go somewhere.

He's good.

Yeah, you keep talking about people who have already gone those places saying they're going to get there.

Next Generation is coming up.

Yeah.

Who else is in this show?

David Duchovny.

Oh, okay.

I'd love to hear him.

California.

He just says the title of his show.

Yeah.

Is that the affliction he has in his show?

He came down with a case of Californication.

I hung out with Duchovny for a week in Turks and Caicos.

What was he like?

We, we fucked everybody.

Really?

Everybody.

X marks the spot.

All human beings?

Sea turtles, all the human beings, a couple daiquiris.

It was fun.

It was a fun weekend.

Sea turtles, every human being you came into contact with, and then some daiquiris.

Yeah, cold, right?

Cold.

He's all sore and hot, so we put in that cold right there.

It felt good.

And then you just- My brother Frankie wanted to go, so you got to stay at home .

I love it.

I wanted to go so bad because I like them sea turtles.

They look like people, old people in a shell.

I go, hey, why are you so old?

Why are you in a shell?

They never answer me.

Yeah, it's fucking kids of philosophy.

I sometimes put icy hot on turtles.

No, you shouldn't do that.

Yeah, they do what they do.

They freak out.

Of course, he's a meanie.

That's just fun.

He acts like a- You're on your way to being a serial killer.

I just put it right on the neck.

Just get it right on the neck.

Good.

Get the icy hot on the turtles.

One time we shaved that cat.

Why?

We pinned it down, and I let Frankie hold it.

Magnifying.

I shaved it off.

I get the sun at the magnifying glass, and then we just burnt off all the hair.

Wait, you didn't shave it?

You burnt off the hair?

That's what I think shaving is because I got hit in the head.

Oh, God.

You guys are just ... What other animals have you toured?

Now, I'm thinking the fact that you ate out a cheetah is not for pleasure.

We ate it out after we took it out.

It was like a power thing.

Yeah.

It's business end.

It's all business.

I once got in a kangaroo's pouch.

Yeah, it turns out it's all- Wait, you stepped inside one?

I stepped inside a kangaroo's pouch.

It's all goopy.

It's gross.

Yeah.

It's not fun.

I thought he would have fun stuff in there.

It's just pockets, like a wallet.

I got worried.

This kangaroo's trying to kidnap my kid brother, so I got into a boxing match with him.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

We got the gloves on and everything.

Oh, man.

Rocky versus a kangaroo with boxing gloves on.

Yeah, it was a tough fight.

That kangaroo got some moves.

Yeah, yeah, but I punched him out good, right?

Yeah, you got him.

You got him.

Hold on.

Frankie, you still in that kangaroo?

You still in that kangaroo?

Frankie, no, shut up.

You shut up.

I'm sorry.

I'm not even saying anything.

You still in that kangaroo?

Are you?

A little bit.

Hey, no.

Enough.

You still in that kangaroo?

No, I won't do it anymore.

There's clearly not a kangaroo in the room.

But I got it in the car.

There is an elephant in the room.

I put a mustache on him.

No one ever recognizes him.

I put a hoodie on him and a mustache and his big sunglasses .

And a kangaroo.

Yeah, a kangaroo.

And everyone thinks he's my friend.

It's Australian Jack.

Yeah, he's Australian Jack because he goes, good night, mate.

Wait, when he talks?

No, I do the voice form.

Oh, okay.

I'm doing a picture of that.

I'm doing that movie, too.

Oh, you're doing Australian Jack?

We're doing a remake.

Of Australian Jack.

With Crocodile Dundee.

Wow, that's like combining two.

Get Young Einstein in there.

I bought the ride.

Let's not a kangaroo.

That's a kangaroo.

Wow.

Frank, what an amazing impression.

Is he in your play?

Because that's the best one you've done yet.

Croc.

Crocodile, yeah, he's in it.

Crocodile Dundee was written by Matthew Berry.

Matthew Berry, hard fought, very hard fought case to get that writing by credit.

Yeah, you got to get credit where credit's due.

Credit where credit's due.

Yeah.

And that's why Frankie's got him finally getting, let him get a credit card.

A Diners Club card.

That's what I'm getting.

And he said I can pick any card I want and I want a Diners Club card.

Hey, Frankie, Frankie, cover your ears real quick.

Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.

He doesn't know if Frankie Diners Club, there's Donnie.

You got to give him a piece of plastic, wrote his name and a crayon on there.

Oh, really?

It's just, is he credit card shaped piece of plastic?

Yeah, he think he got himself a credit card.

I pay ahead wherever he goes and then he swipes me for something.

Well, Diners Club is only used at restaurants, so he must just be using it there.

Yeah, he don't know.

He thinks Subway's a restaurant.

It is, actually.

Nah, but a nice restaurant.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, he's a good kid though.

Does he ever, what is his favorite food?

Frankie, take your hand out of your butt.

Wait.

Hey, what's your favorite food?

Oh, man, when I'm going out for a fancy night?

Yeah.

Subway.

Yeah.

What do you eat there though?

What do you get for me?

What do you get?

Crab sandwich.

Yeah.

What does he think he would eat?

Seafresh.

It's a seafood sandwich.

I'm on a new diet.

You know what it's about?

Yeah, he thinks he's eating seafood all the time, imitation crab.

It's so good.

Yeah.

I eat, sometimes I have this blurge and I go, always I go, put it on the card.

The dime part of the Diners Club.

Okay.

And he gives me two bottles of Dasani and whatever.

He loves Dasani water.

I love it.

It tastes like better water.

In what way?

Water is odorless, flavorless?

That's the thing.

He drink out of the sink at home.

Oh, okay.

He drink out of the sink where he washed the dishes.

We don't got glasses.

So you're drinking soapy water?

Dirty soapy water?

Sometimes I squeeze the sponge in my mouth and then I can taste last night's dinner.

Well, no wonder Subway seems so fancy all of you.

Anytime he raises his voice, he says a curse word, you know , I make him drink the sponge.

Oh yeah.

You guys live together?

Yeah.

Look at all your wives.

All of them, you know.

I don't.

Sly built me a tree house.

Oh, okay.

This is making sense.

And I got, I got a fireman's pole in there and I got a rope ridge.

Is it actually in a tree?

What do you do with a fireman's pole?

I go like this.

I get on it and I get real close on it.

Don't do it with a microphone, Frankie.

Don't do it with a microphone.

I do it like it's a lady and I go up and down and up and down.

It's not a lady.

It's like a lady.

It's not a lady.

You come in for dinner and you go camping.

Yeah, it gives them all red.

No, because he's pitching a tent.

Yeah, I get it.

Because like with my pants and my penis.

Oh, he does get it.

Oh, you get it.

Okay.

So God, I mean, you guys have lived together.

Because my pants are made out of tent material.

Oh.

Go, Tex.

I think I know REI once a year.

I get whatever I want at REI.

Last year I bought a baseball mitt, a softball jersey.

Uh-huh.

I bought a boat.

You just put it on the card, huh?

A pair of Oakleys.

Yeah.

You paid for it all himself, right?

I paid for it on my Dinah's Club card.

Yeah.

Well, you're a good brother, Sly.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I got those hand weights too that you get.

Yeah.

Come here, you're all your underwear sticking out the back of your pants.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.

Yeah.

You see, he's a good brother.

Why do you let him torture you like that?

I don't know.

I mean, you're sort of a good brother in the sense that you go ahead to every Subway restaurant five minutes earlier and pay.

Hey, come here.

Come here.

Oh, sorry.

Put your hands back in your butt.

What was he saying?

Hey.

Okay.

Sky, come on, man.

Kid's a good kid.

He's a good kid.

Yeah.

Is he your older brother or younger brother?

He's my younger brother.

Really?

Yeah, I love the kid.

Yeah.

But he's not right in the brain.

Yeah.

We're going to put him down next week.

What?

You're going to finally kill him?

Yeah, he's not going to kill him.

We're going to put him down.

What are you going to do?

He's going to be at peace.

Oh, no.

How long has he had this brain thing?

Oh, no.

His brain was since the day he was born.

He's always died.

Yeah.

But we told him he fell when he was a kid.

He don't remember.

Yeah, but finally you just decided right now?

I know.

We're going to put him down next week.

Yeah.

Okay.

Take your hands out of your butt.

Can I tell you guys something?

I got the best thing happening to me.

I met a girl.

We're going to get married.

When?

We're going to go.

Oh, next week.

Oh.

I'm so happy for myself.

We're going to go.

We're going to go to Cabo.

Yeah.

We're going to have a good time.

My little brother, he's growing up big and big and strong.

I'm going to have a great time.

Finally, I'm going to be a man.

Yeah.

I'm going to be a woman.

When you're saying woman and girl, what are you thinking of , by the way?

I'm thinking of, well, I guess I'll describe it and you tell me because when I think of woman and girl, I know exactly what I'm thinking of.

Yeah, what do you describe?

Describe it, please.

Okay.

So it's like.

Don't put too much pressure on yourself.

I know.

I'm getting nervous now.

That's okay.

It's like it's small.

Uh-huh.

It's circular.

Okay.

It's got a hole in the center.

It's sweet.

This is it.

You can get like 12 of them in a box.

Yeah.

The donuts is what you're talking about.

I haven't met a girl.

I haven't met a donut I'm going to marry.

Wait, when you say marry, what are you talking about?

I haven't met a girl that I'm, I mean, I mean.

When you say marry, what, describe what you're talking about.

You've already settled down yet.

This kid's got girls like you.

I mean.

Yeah.

Well, to me, did you say donut?

No.

You said donut?

Okay.

Well, that's a, you know, one of those women with the boob ies and the bottoms.

Sure.

And dresses.

Okay.

That's a donut.

I don't need to, I don't need to settle down with a donut right away.

Okay.

Yeah.

No, he's getting himself a crueler.

Yeah.

So he's going to eat a donut next week.

He's sticking a crueler in his butt.

I met this great girl.

Yeah.

You may as well put him down.

I met this great girl.

The only plan he has is just eating a donut.

Hey, I told you, I'm not eating donuts.

I'm meeting girls.

Yeah.

You're going to go to Mexico with a little chihuahua.

Oh my gosh.

That would be so much fun.

Will you come with me?

Will you come with me, Rock?

Yeah.

Rock, you'll come with?

I'll meet you down there, right?

Yeah.

How are you going to put your hands back in your butt?

You got it.

How are you going to, how are you going to do it?

How are you going to kill him?

Get him in a pen and stick a big hard metal rod to the back of his neck.

That is not the most merciful way to do this.

There's, there, I mean, give him a lethal injection or at least shoot him execution style.

No.

No?

No.

Just off the table?

Just right.

Just right in the back of the head, huh?

It sounds like I'm laughing, but it means that's me crying.

I'm a tough guy and I'm going to show up.

We're going to take a metal rod and stick it right through the brain stuff.

Oh my God.

This is terrible.

It sounds like I'm laughing.

Most humane.

Most humane way to go.

Kid deserves it.

All right.

Take your hands out of your butt.

You got it.

You getting tired?

You want your nap?

You want to take a nap, kiddo?

I get tired.

Sometimes when I put my hands on my butt, I start thinking about everything that I want to do in my life.

I got so many dreams.

You got a bright future.

Be a songstress.

That's why you got to put those sunglasses on like Scott A ukerman.

Future's so bright.

You got to wear shades.

Is that one of yours?

Yeah.

I've heard that one.

They didn't, they didn't let them keep the rights though.

Oh, they took that away from you?

Who makes those sunglasses?

These ones right here?

Yeah.

I think it's Perry Farrell.

Oh, Perry Farrell.

Yeah.

He's a good guy.

I want to shit.

Did he do the singing dog song?

The one that goes, been caught roofing.

Yeah.

The guy that does impressions, everybody.

Do Steven Tyler for everybody.

Yeah.

You're the next American idol.

Kids are fucking genius.

Yeah.

So then why are you doing what you're going to do?

What are you going to do?

Put me in a movie?

Yeah.

You're going to put you in a movie.

Forever you're going to be the star of the movie.

Is this the movie I read?

I read it.

He gave me a script for it.

It's so good.

I go into this pen and it's really scary and dark and I'm about ready to find the villain.

This is your Oscar picture.

This is it.

And I'm walking around with my gun drawn and I'm ready to, you know, to kill the bad guy.

And all of a sudden, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap.

And then.

The girl kisses it right on the lips.

Right on the lips.

I turn around and she get a good kiss.

And that's the only part of the script I've read so far.

But what happens next slide?

What happens next?

Yeah.

I want you to find out.

You see when it was that girl kiss you on the lips.

Yeah.

Watch out.

Maybe you don't have to wait to meet a donor.

Hey.

All right.

A big ol' I can't wait to sink my teeth into that girl.

Is there a part for me in this movie?

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

What could I be?

Yeah.

You're in the, you're in the farm.

You're in the same scene.

You got it.

You're holding a big metal pipe.

Metal rod that's for sweeping up the hay.

I don't want to be the guy who does this to you.

Oh, you got to be in it.

You could definitely be the guy with the metal rod.

And then, OK.

OK.

This is going to be great.

I can't.

We got to rehearse.

We got to rehearse again.

That pen.

No.

We should shoot it earlier.

We're all here today.

Let's shoot it today.

Let's do it today.

No, I don't want this pipe.

I got all the props.

I'm going to do it today.

I don't want to do this.

I'm not a murderer.

OK, I'll do my line.

I'll do my line.

Here you go, Frankie.

Rudy!

Rudy, what is going on inside this dark cave?

Don't make me do this, Dej.

I know you put this pipe in my hand.

Rudy, I must tell you that I'm trying to find you in this cave.

Hey, hey.

I'll stand right there now.

OK, I'm standing.

I'm going to move the camera.

In the cave.

Close your eyes.

Get ready for your close-up.

OK.

Get ready for your close-up.

OK, I can't wait.

Get it tight.

All right.

I don't want to do this.

I don't want to kill him.

Just got to do it.

I don't want to do this.

I don't want to kill him.

Action, Jackson, do it.

OK, I will.

Tap, tap, tap.

Who is it?

It's a pretty donut.

And cut.

Oh.

What cut?

Didn't I do it right?

Oh, my god, Sly.

Just took the pipe from me and shoved it in the back of Frank's head.

I love you, kiddo.

Nobody else would do this but me.

I love you, my brother.

Thank you for not making me do it, first of all.

Oh, this is horrible.

I love you, man.

You're the star.

You're always the star.

Any last words?

I think it went through the hole in the back of my hand.

Yeah.

You're my baby brother.

I got two holes.

But one bone that was given to me by you.

I love you.

I don't think we did it.

I love you.

Yeah, he's not dying.

I love you.

Two holes.

I don't think he's dead.

Yeah.

Two holes.

We will take care of you.

Yeah, you got two holes in your brain.

You know why?

Because you got one big heart.

You need two holes.

Yeah, two holes.

All right, buddy.

Well, fuck it.

I'm going to get out of here with my little brother.

Oh, OK.

Let's go take a nap, kiddo.

Fuck it.

Yeah.

All right, see you guys.

Thanks so much for coming by.

Wow.

All right, let's see you later.

Yeah.

Wow.

Good morning.

No, it's not definitely not morning.

Wow, those are two great guests.

I mean, when you get guys like that just wandering through the studio, you got to take advantage of it.

And Nick and Paul, you guys have been awfully silent during that.

Well, I was fascinated.

I don't know.

It was fascinating.

You kind of left all the heavy lifting to me, I have to say .

Why did you almost try to kill him?

That was interesting, because I felt like we, at that point , we should intercede.

Yeah, no.

Sly Stallone shook his fist at me in a threatening manner.

I just felt like I had to do anything.

I get it.

I was like, I've never felt like such a wallflower.

Back me up.

To see the brothers.

I've never seen them like that.

That was really, I mean, it was amazing.

You know what?

They both look great.

They do.

And to hear about all those projects, too, that's a pretty, that's a good scoop.

Yeah.

You can get some big downloads.

You better prepare iTunes to get this on the front page.

Oh, should we call iTunes right now?

Yeah, you should get iTunes on the front page.

I don't know.

Do I still have the number?

I really, you know.

No, I don't.

Whatever you say about those guys, they're brothers.

You know what I mean?

They are brothers.

I wasn't saying anything but that they're brothers.

What are you implying?

The fuck did you just say about them?

Sly!

All I said was you're brothers.

That's right.

I made donuts in my pants.

Please!

You guys are brothers.

That's established.

I just need to get my valet ticket.

Nick Paul, help me out!

Guys, come on!

I, oh, this guy.

Wow.

Guys, every time they walk in the room, you freeze up.

I get starstruck.

I'm alone here.

I love Frank Stallone.

Are you starstruck or are you cowards?

You guys got to back me up.

What do you mean cowards?

You guys got to back me up.

I think maybe I was actually.

Maybe I'm just a, maybe I'm just an appreciator of artists.

Yeah, look, when Conan has a guest at the desk, you don't see that second guest on the couch talking throughout this whole interview.

We, we did our time.

We just watched the two of those guys.

I guess so, but I don't know.

It kind of felt like you abandoned me.

I got it in bad guys.

No, no, no.

Come on, look, when Dennis Miller is interviewing someone.

Oh, like in Monday Night Football?

Yeah, he's doing it.

You know, you're not interrupting.

When Chevy, when Chevy was having guests.

Oh, Chevy Chase, when the circus moved on to him?

Oh, so sad.

I haven't been to DC recently at all, by the way.

Oh, you got to go.

Bro, you got to go.

But what if I don't like circuses?

Oh, well then don't go.

Then you're not going to like the fucking show that's happening right now with the political system the way it is?

That's what I was trying to say.

Are we living in a zoo?

A zoo.

Oh, a zoo, yes.

Where like a cheetah escapes.

Oh, man.

I don't like cheetahs because I.

They never prosper, first of all.

Well, actually, no, my, my.

Someone that got eaten out by a cill on the show.

I don't want to talk about politics.

Another time.

All right, guys.

Well, you know, there's only one thing left to do on the show and that's a little something we call pugz.

Pugs.

Oh, nice.

That is you gotta plug by cold Atlantic.

Thank you.

Cold Atlantic.

Not bad, huh?

You have a plug theme, send it into earwolf.com under the comedy, bang, bang message boards, and you can be famous for a week and great week to be famous because we have two superstars here on the show.

And so your song will be heard by literally thousands of people.

Whoa.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

So that happened.

Yeah.

Guys, what do you want to plug?

Obviously the league coming up.

Uh, September 4th, Wednesday.

Yes.

September 4th on FXX.

Yeah.

But if I will say this, I'll probably end up saying it more than this.

If you don't know what the channel is that FXX is, you can go, there will be a website where you can put in your zip code and cable provider and they will tell you what the, uh, unfortunately that does not exist yet.

Or maybe by the time this podcast drops.

Here's the thing, guys, you'll figure it out.

Figure it out.

What are you a total dumb shit?

You want to see your favorite show, don't you?

You probably have a DVR.

You'll figure it out.

Just all I'll say is don't trust the fact that the series record will continue to catch it.

That's what I say.

Okay.

We'll continue to watch NTSF, SD SUV.

We're still on every Thursday night, 1215 after children's hospital.

Amazing guest stars.

Used to be you had two shows on the same night.

Now now you got two different nights.

You're branching out.

I'm very excited to do that.

What a bummer.

And a crawl.

You have a crawl show.

I got crawl show coming out in January.

The league is on currently.

I would also plug Paul Scheer's a web series or Shiro Paul.

Oh, well thank you so much.

Where people reenact a famous interviews from the original Arsenio hall show.

People like yourself, myself, John Claude Van Dam.

Yes.

Um, and it's so funny and it's so interesting.

Watch that and then watch the real interviews.

And it's like, it's amazing.

The real interviews on YouTube are some of my favorites.

Uh, one of them, the reason why I started the whole thing was because Gary Coleman interview.

Yeah.

Rogan's was great.

It's really fascinating to watch.

Yeah, Seth, Seth Rogan plays Gary Coleman in an interview where he's trying so hard to sound like he's dating women and that he's getting laid.

It's so weird.

Are you going to reenact Steve Harvey family feuds?

Look, if the money comes in, we will do it.

Yeah.

I would love it.

We can re- I'm telling you, I want to talk to you off, off, off camera.

Yeah.

Let me turn these cameras off.

Okay.

Go ahead guys.

Hey Paul.

Yeah.

Do you want to try to murder Frank Salone?

Okay.

Good.

Sorry.

Well, you guys didn't get involved when you were- Ah, don't worry about it, Scott.

Now your show, Scott, it's on IFC every Friday night.

Sure.

Is that a segue to my plug?

Yeah.

Okay, great.

Thank you so much.

My show is on this Friday on IFC 10 PM.

Did you say midnight or?

No, I said for every Friday night.

Every Friday night.

Yeah.

10 PM this Friday, we have the Sarah Silverman episode, which some people saw online.

But look, this is how it works.

First of all, if you've seen it already, twice is twice as nice.

Get those ratings up, baby.

Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing.

Well, I got to say something.

I was a fan of season one, but I've been enjoying season two.

Thank you so much.

I know that we're pre-taping this, so there are probably episodes I'm going to enjoy in the future.

Yes, yes.

At this point, you've seen a few of them.

Yes, yes.

True.

But yeah, Sarah Silverman and Adam Devine and Joe Lattrulio is this Friday.

Now, you had Kathy Bates on the show and you said she was a real cunt, right?

Yeah, and she was constantly getting naked, just like she wasn't about Schmidt.

I found out that they didn't want her naked and about Schmidt.

She just came in disrobed.

Oh, no.

Yeah, they offered me that picture.

What?

I came in to do a plug real quick.

Okay, yeah, please plug something.

I want to plug my new plugs.

Your hair plugs?

Yeah, I got hair plugs.

I just want to say one thing.

Come on, man.

Shut up.

Drink your diet coke.

I'm going to be at the LaToya.

I'm going to be at the LaToya playhouse.

The LaToya Jackson playhouse?

LaToya playhouse.

LaToya Jackson playhouse.

He's doing LaToya Jackson playhouse.

He's doing Rocky.

I'm doing Rocky.

Wow, that must be quite a night.

I do all the parts.

Oh, my gosh, including Burgess Meredith?

Yeah.

Rocky.

Rocky Balboa, you need to fight this guy.

Oh, gosh.

I got to get him home.

You got any saran wrap?

I got to clean up the back.

I got to plug the hole.

I got to clean up the back.

I also want to plug the Comedy Bang Bang Tour.

We're going out on tour starting September 28th, going to 12 different cities, I believe, with Paul F. Tompkins on every date and The Birthday Boys opening for us on every date.

Whoa, that's amazing.

I love The Birthday Boys.

That's cool.

I love you guys.

And I'm going to plug one kind of home.

One more thing?

Yes.

No, please.

I have one thing after you, so go ahead.

Hell Baby, a movie that I did with Tomlin and Ben Grant, Rob Hubel, Kumail, Nanjiani, Michael Ian Black, Rob Corddry, and Litzy Bibb.

That is, at this point, in your local theaters.

We are going to actually talk about it a lot next week on the show.

Oh, great.

Well, there you go.

So that's a little hint as to who will be on the show next week.

Very sweet.

So is that actually next week, or is that it's going to be the week before the- No, this is next week.

We're going to talk about that.

Yeah.

The one with the episode next- Oh, God.

Oh, God.

I also want to thank our donor.

Listen to this.

Chad Findley.

Chad, what are you doing?

You donated $500 to Comedy Bang Bang.

Whoa.

What is going on with you?

That's how you make a picture these days.

Are you some sort of like rich industrialist or one of these guys that slide those?

Chad, you give me a call.

We're talking about a movie I want to make about a whale that shoots its children.

A whale that shoots its children and it costs $500 to make?

You can give it a take.

Okay.

Well, Chad, thank you so much.

Something extra special coming to you, buddy.

Thank you so much for that.

What do you give?

Do you give people good stuff when they donate?

Yeah.

I give some people some stuff.

You know what?

I should do that on How to Skim.

Maybe we had a great donation from a guy the other day.

I'm going to do that.

Yeah.

Give him something.

I'm going to.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

Hello, Miest.

I'm the laughter.

Who's that guy?

Hey, I'm your number one podcast fan.

I'm so grateful for all of the laughter.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Let's close it up.

No one else has anymore, right?

No.

Okay.

There we go.

Ken Marino.

Wow.

Did you say Ken Marino?

I did.

Yes.

One of my favorite guests on podcasts.

Oh, I'm sure he is.

A wonderful wit.

Nick, you've been very quiet during this guy just coming in here.

Yeah.

No, I take a back seat every now and again, but thanks for having me on the show.

It's wonderful.

Hey, guys, thanks.

We had a great time being here.

We had a great time.

Next time, pipe up a little more.

All right.

Yeah.

All right.

Let's go participate.

I like these guys.

They know when to shut the fuck up.

A couple of fags that don't fuck with me.

These fucking idiots, these fucking idiots, they're fucking up with their mouth.

They're going to go over there and kick their ass.

Thanks, guys.

It was a pleasure meeting you guys.

Oh, no.

Sly, back down.

No, no.

He didn't mean it.

Take that.

Oh, fuck.

Yeah, fuck you all off.

Give me a stir up.

You thought you stepped on my brain?

Yeah.

I'm going to take you guys to the strip club now.

Earwolff.com.

This has been an Earwolff Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolff.com.

Earwolff Radio.

Boom.

Dot.

Com.

Ooh, ooh, ooh.

The wolf dead.
