Happy Labor Day! Just kidding. Welcome to the show. We have a great one today. We have Tom Lennon from Reno 911. He is here, Lieutenant Dangle himself. Rob Hubel, Ex-Human Giant.

They're both in a movie called Hell Baby. Plus we have singer... Songstress? We'll find out. Nico Case is on the show doing a couple of songs. All of that and more all on today's Labor Day!

♫ AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Cristiano Morice Cozy Life, thank you, finally! Hot Sauce Farm, featuring the comedy... bangles!

Thank you, Little Gary. Is that all you have? Yep, going back in the box. Okay, see you later, Little Gary! He lives in a box? Oh my gosh, wait, I still have to do the catch phrase. Hey, if all of you check under your seat, you'll find chewed gum, you get gum and you get gum, you all get gum under your seat. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, that is a wonderful catchphrase submission sent to us by Eric Thelmch . Thank you, Eric.

Little Gary, thank you so much, we'll see you later. Hey, big man! Hasn't been on the show in a long time, but welcome to him, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, I'm your host, I was about to say hero, for some reason the word hero got stuck in my head, like I'm your hero. It's because of all the work you've been doing on your abs. That's true, I mean, yeah. I mean, when you get cast in a Marvel movie, like I have. Is that why you've been exploding in the house ? You don't know? No, I haven't heard. Go back three. No, I 'm Doctor Strange. Oh.

And Doctor Strange is ripped in this movie. Anyway, it's a long story, I haven't even told you, I'll talk about that another time. Cool. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, Scott Auk erman, your hero for the entire hour, and it's Labor Day, if you're listening to this when it comes out, and we're having a great holiday, aren't we? I mean, gosh, guys.

We've got the grill going over here. What are you cooking up over there? We've got turkey burgers, we've got regular burgers, we've got veggie dongs, we've got regular dongs.

Sorry, sorry, sorry, did you say veggie dongs? We've got ve ggie dongs. Here's what, come take a look. Veggie dongs.

Nope. They are veggie, this is a new product that I'm endorsing. Wait, why have you opened up your zipper when you say take a look? You joke, but veggie dongs is one of our great new sponsors.

Yeah. Now we do want to give a big shout out to them, Ve ggie Dongs, they are a great new sponsor on the show. And you obviously know who these people are, it's Labor Day, it 's our last opportunity to wear white. You know what I mean?

Like we're just head to toe in white, white shoes, white pants.

Linen. Linen everywhere. It's like an Adrian Line movie, there's just like linen just blowing everywhere. Well you 've got a lot of fans going too, that's probably part of why Linen is blowing around. Of course. And welcome to the show and I'm going to introduce our guests here and we all know who everyone is of course. Look, it's Labor Day, it's a special holiday episode. I feel like we've covered all of this. Did I mention it's Labor Day? Yep. And which is the first Monday in September.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We got all that. Have we talked about like... Do you want me to get a little Gary out of the box again? No, for crying out loud. Move press on, sir. Leave him in there. Let me introduce the show.

Okay, let's talk about our guests here kind of in order. I 'm going to go clockwise if that's, that's normally how people go. That's important to a listener of a podcast.

Okay, great. I'm going to start to my left and introduce the people who are on the show. Now to my left, you know him as a person, a human being, you know him as a person.

You know him as an actor who's on a TV show called Children 's Hospital. He is in a... I guess? I think we should just cut to it. Hi, I'm Rob Hubel. It's nice to be here. I'm enjoying my Labor Day. I just don't want to, I feel like we don't have many opportunities to grill out like this.

We're going to have a great time. We're going to cook some veggie dongs. It's going to be great. Are you wearing white pants or did you sort of paint your legs white? It's hard to tell. Yeah, what's going on there? These are actually the thinnest... Those are pants? Yes. It is the sheerest fabric purchasable. I went online. Did Paul Shear buy those for you? No, Paul had nothing to do with this. Are they from Lululemon? No, no. Because they're tight. Because his name is Shear. Yeah, no, no, no. I understood why you said that. Okay. But no, these I went online and I bought the Shear.

The shimmieriest, thinnest, most white see-through fabric.

The fabric also seems to have some sort of gold glitter in it as well. Very glittery to highlight the testicles. No, no, no, I understand. I understand.

It's made of chagrin, his pants. It's shark leather. It's shark leather, which is also so shimmery. It's beautiful.

But I will say it's also just a great way as a tribute to our nations like unions and workers. Yes, to all the laborers. All the guys. I feel like if you were walking by a construction site in those, the laborers would be like, wow. It's a tribute. And that's really what this show is about this week. This goddamn patriot. That's Tom Lennon talking. I wanted to give him the whole big introduction.

Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.

Sorry, sorry, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Go back. Tom Lennon is here. Reno 911. He's on an upcoming, when does your show premiere? Your NBC show? October 3rd. Okay. So we have a while, but we're just getting into the season where the new shows premiere. In the meantime, you can watch a movie with me and Rob every day. We'll talk about it. Every day? You think people watch it? You suggest people watch this film every day of their lives. Well, if you're pretty high and you got some lotion around, yeah. Okay.

Hell baby is the film. We'll be talking about that now. Uh, before we get to our third guest, I do want to say, can I say who it is? Cause I haven't said anything. No, I want to talk about you guys for just one second. I never get to introduce any. Okay. You can introduce our next guest. No, it was fine. Maybe even more shimmery. Yeah. That's weird.

I mean, if it's not made of shark leather, then what are those pants made of? We'll find out they're made of shark leather. Oh, they are made of shark leather. You both have shark leather pants. Is that what it is? No, I just know what she green is. Oh my goodness. Crazy. But I do want to specialist.

A she green specialist. No, just the specialist. Oh, just a specialist in it. Oh, you're like the specialist. You're a general specialist in general.

Is this where the expression much to my she green comes from? Oh, of course. Okay. No, I made that joke in my head and I thought, no, I'm not gonna say it. I go there. You've seen where I live, right? A mansion. He had no Tom. Hold on .

So if you say really dumb things and then you write them down in a night at the museum movie, you get millions of dollars. Tom's life. Do the math, bro. Damn it. I'm doing it wrong.

Before we get to our third guest and you've heard her voice and you obviously know who it is. I barely need to introduce her, but I do take some calls.

I do want to say that you guys, Rob and Tom, thank you.

Have been on the first episode of comedy bang bang together .

And the 100th episode of comedy bang together. What episode is this? This is two 40 something. Okay. So one, 100, two 40 something. We've established a pattern.

What is okay. You get home, get a piece of paper and a pen, do the math. What is the next episode? We will be on. If you run call in somewhere in the 500.

We're all in right now. We run one, we were on 100 run two 40. If you call in and you guess the next podcast we're going to be on in sequence, here's a hint. The answer is five 75.

What? It's 500. I never, Oh my gosh. Can I make a prediction? You will die before you get to five 70. Oh, definitely. Absolutely. You will die by your hand by my murder's hand.

Of course. But it will also be strangled with my chagrin pants, but will be appearing with the ghost of carrot top.

Oh my gosh. He'll, he'll die before me or right around the same time.

Or do we die together? You guys probably suicide packed or you just go down in a blaze of glory like Thelma and Louise . Maybe I just like, I see him for the first time.

I've never met him. I look at him and I go, Hey, and we just have this look of understanding in our eyes and we just pull out guns simultaneously.

That would be the best way to die. Walk up to someone you 've never met and you just have a mutual understanding. You just look at each other's eyes. You're at the place. Let's do it.

We go down like lions. That's the future. That'd be amazing . All right, let's get to our next guest. You know her as a wonderful, I'm going to say singer songstress.

Was that inaccurate? Songstress. The songstress part is really what got you right? Not the singer part. The song stress. Yeah, no, that's gross. Right.

Do you think actor, do you think actor, and we'll get to your introduction in a second. There's weird tendons on that word. Do you think actors, I always was bugged when I was in acting school by, uh, female actors who wanted to be called actors.

I love not actresses. You love that? I do. Yeah. I think that there's actor, actor, actress, you know, there's a reason those words exist. I think I can just see the underwear of the word actress. So I'm like, wow.

And you find that a negative. That's okay. Unless you're the one who's supposedly wearing the underwear. Underwear is okay on everyone else, but not on you.

That does check out. I get it. Well, she is currently not wearing underwear. Apparently I have missed this entire conversation I've spaced out, but pants on pants, right?

Super white pants. She is a great singer songwriter. One of my favorites. She has a wonderful solo crew. He's Googling my name right now.

No, I did. Uh, I w I'm literally Googling the name of your new record because it's so long that I wanted to say it, but a member of the new pornography as well as the solo career and the new record is called the worst things get the harder I fight the harder I fight the more I love you.

That was a good reading of that. Wasn't it? It was beautiful. We'll go again. Probably most like the ramp up.

Most radio personalities do not give it that kind of.

And I would ask if you were Canadian cause it was a question at the end. The more I love you, the more I love you. Very Canadian. Thank you. No, I'm not Canadian nor you a radio person.

Did you just call yourself a radio person? That was really weird. Yeah, that's like songstress. No. Now you feel like that's like Casey case. Um, yeah, we're hanging out with a radio personality.

I got stuff I got to do. Yeah, no cases here. And I was totally obsessed with Jean case. Um, Casey Casey's wife from the Fratellis. Yeah. Every, every photo of her, every ever published in a tabloid where she had her hair pulled really tight.

I don't know why she just was so unusual. Yeah. Just much like Cindy Lauper. She was so unusual and we loved it. Let 's take a listen to an echo of case. I just, it's kind of a bummer that you're not around when, uh, Casey case him is still with us.

Is he dead? Did he die? All right. Possible. Uh, Casey, if you're alive, call the show right now. I believe he actually, we're taping this, so it's not going to, by the time you hear this, we won't be here to pick up the phone.

When I say with us, I mean, still, still DJing, which if you're retired from show business, you might as well be dead. Oh, this is awful. I'm looking on Google right now.

He was, he was butchered in a motorboat accident.

Oh, wait. He was motorboating. Jean case him. Yeah. And he had an accident labor day weekend. He was, he put his motor boat in reverse and he backed up over her and then he was upset. So he put it into super reverse and he jumped in the water and it backed up over him.

Wow. Just reading this. I'm so sorry. That was amazing. God . Wow. That's so weird that we brought him up here on labor day. I mean, that's really uncomfortable. I'm sorry that we did well as a tribute to the workers. I think it's appropriate.

I think it's a good day to give a shout out to anybody in labor to just, and it's funny because I think that he actually filmed his wife, Jean create case him in labor and I believe she was having a cesarean at the time. Is that a true story? Yes.

But it might be like off, but I think there was another fascination I had was that poor lady is here on the other side of the, you watch this, this tape. No, I think I just saw like a photo still, which it might not have even been a real thing, but I was like, you guys are balls out.

And that baby that they had is here today. Let me open up the box for him. Here he comes. Here he is. Wait, it's little Gary is back. You're Casey. Jean case him son. We have never established this in your long. I didn't know his backstory. I never knew.

No, I've been on the show many times. Now guys, please little Gary, go away. He's back in. We have to talk because both, uh, I, I I'm looking at Tom and Rob. Collectively.

You are a unit.

You say where we are on the clock just for the listeners.

Cause I know that's super important. Oh yeah. Okay. I'm sorry. Uh, Rob, you are at eight o'clock to me, Tom, you're directly at 12 straight up noon. Nico. You're at about two.

I would say to me. And what am I to you?

You're about 1130 right now. Great. So now you can play along at home. If you get out, uh, I'd say go to the spice rack, get out some, some of your spices, label them, who they are. And you can play along as we just send them around the table.

I'll be time. Put us on time daily. All right. Possible.

Speaking of all right. Possible. I did a pilot with time daily. What this year? Yeah. What? I really kind of in love with her. Are you really do tell she was adorable. She was very, very nice.

Did she hug you because I want a hug from time. Yes, we did . She is a grand dom of, uh, people that are listening to this that are 14. You don't know who the fuck we're talking about. No, we talked about her on the show a few weeks ago.

With Edgar ride and Simon peg and Nick Frost. We were all sitting around talking about time daily these days. I don't know what it is about this room, but literally a couple of weeks ago, we talked about her and Sharon glass. I'm not ashamed of it. Really? What happens to you once a week?

Just get talking about things like that.

Just Angie Dickinson comes up a lot. What's going on with her? I don't know. Police woman, but, uh, what's not going on with her? Yeah, that's the usual response when you bring up police woman. She's way more complicated than no one listening to this knows who the fuck we're talking about.

Let's talk about something young and current. Okay. One direction. What's going on with one man. They got a three d movie coming out. Okay. And that's going on tour with them.

It's so great being on tour with them because here's the thing they are going in one direction and that's the top to the top through the roof.

They're going to build another roof. Occasionally they're also going like East. Yeah, that's true. No, they got to get to the top. You can't just go. She can't just shoot up.

You gotta, you gotta go East and West. But here's the thing . When they pitched that movie to me, cause I have greenlit it.

They said, we don't want to do this movie in one d. We don 't want to do it in two d. And I said, well, how many d's do you want? And they said, we want to do three d's. A lot of people do movies in one d where they just are. It's dots.

Yep. Yeah. And then they go, you know what? To see a movie, you got to do it in two d. Yeah. Yeah. And then they have to reshoot the entire thing. That was my idea. All those guys in one direction. Oh, I'm not going to name them, but no, but, uh, you won't. Just name one. First of all, come on. Carlos.

Favorite. Come on. You have Carlos, you have Joe beam. My favorites. The cute one. Obviously he's great. Yeah. What else is the kids like? What else are kids talking about?

They love the Disney channel and meth. Yeah. Pretty much.

You're right. Kids are back to school now. Of course. Right . Hey kids. Those aren't kids. They just ride those little tiny bikes everywhere. Oh, they're actually former white male inmates. They're just really skinny and they ride this . Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. I just need to cover this.

Everyone I see on a bike is not a child. That is a fucking meth dealer. Yeah.

They're wearing a wife feeder and they have a tattoo on their neck. That's another indicator, but yes. Okay. And yes. Rob makes a good point. If you're listening to this and you are under 18, you're probably going back to school tomorrow. So this is a terrible day for you. Yeah. Well, some kids start in August even. So they may have a devil.

You say I did not. Hmm.

But the thing is I have three tips for kids going back to school. Oh, what's here? Number one, grow a beard. Grow a beard to look older, more sophisticated. To look nautical.

To look nautical. Yes. The ladies love that in high school.

They're like, this guy looks exactly like he might run a lighthouse. Yep. So that's number one. Grow a beard. That lighthouse fetish. Number two, STD.

Yeah. STDs. If you already catch them, you're immune. You 're not going to get more of them. Get them all. Get mono again. What I did in high school is take one awful two week period and just get them all. Get them all. Get them all right away. You can't get them in your, your butt. You can 't get them in your butt. No, that's the great thing about STDs. You cannot get STDs in your butt. We all know that in this room.

There's no B in STDs. They're not called BTDs. No, they're not. No. Just get them all. Get them all right away. Yep.

And then you'll never have to worry about it again. Of course. What was your third tip? Because you said you had three. My third tip is don't be a racist. No. Don't be a racist. Great life lesson. Yeah. Great life lesson. Wait, is that just for high school students? Just for, if you're, if you're just a high school kid, um, you know, don't, don 't be a racist. No, of course. You can let it go when you're in a union or something. No, before that. Sure.

So you're just going to be like, you're going to look like an old lighthouse guy walking around with crabs, but you are going to embrace everybody's differences. Nico, uh, Wikipedia claims that on your new record, M. Ward of she and him contributes guitar work. Care to comment? That was so computational. It's a fact. This has got you a journalism. He did indeed. Well, all right then. Contribute some guitar work. He contributed it or he was being a racist?

He did or he was paid for it. He just kind of ran by it. He just came to and it came out. He paid this man. Well, there you go. Let's update Wikipedia people. And if you're a listener, you and M. Ward at my birthday, for example, who me and I'll come for free. I'm not sure. So he's, he's probably 25 grand. Okay. Um, and you're free. If you're listening to this show, please update Wikipedia to say that M. Ward was paid for his work on Nico's record.

That would be miraculous. Can you write paid in full? Paid in full? Yes, of course. Because the check is cleared at this point. Is that right? Yeah. And then you'll get that Eric B. and Rakim stuck in your head. Paid in full? Of course. And then you'll think about Matt Ward and it'll just come full circle. Of course. And you'll be like Nico, she's classy. She pays. I want that changed by the end of the day, listeners, if that's possible. I think I'm doing it now. Okay, good. Uh, now we, your record, Nico comes out on Tuesday, which is, maybe you're listening to this on Tuesday. It's out right now. If you're listening to this on Monday, just a few scandals.

You can pick it up. How do you prefer people pick it up? Do you prefer they download it illegally or do you want them to actually pay for it? Like what's the process of this? I 'm so glad you asked. Okay. I prefer they buy it on vinyl vinyl. Yeah. Really? Yeah. On vinyl? Because it's going to sound the best. Yeah. I mean, I like it. Well, I mean, packaging, it's kind of a, you know, double edged sword because you know, it's a bunch of stuff and it gets, you know, thrown away eventually.

Maybe, but it takes up more room. But I worked really hard on that art and I have an art degree. Did you do the art to your record? Yeah, not by myself, but you had help then.

But there's a lot of, there's a lot of hard work inside the little booklet. If you're listening to this, please put that on Wikipedia that Nico had help. And just for the younger listeners.

And one thing also, a lot of kids don't, don't know if you haven't had a vinyl record at home, you'd have no idea how much cocaine you can do off one of those covers. It's amazing. It's an entire, like, first of all, it's 12 inches on a record. Yeah, it's huge. Or how much of your brother's ear you can cut off by just fucking hucking it out. Did that happen to you? Not to me personally. That felt specific. Yeah, that was a very specific reference. But you can take a piece of someone's ear off. Great. What if, it's a weapon and a toy. What if I buy the CD? Yes.

Will, will you be mad at me that I didn't buy the vinyl?

Okay. What if I download it from iTunes and I pay for it, obviously. Wait, wait, here's a question. What if he doesn 't pay for it? He gets an iTunes gift certificate from a friend. He's not paying for it. Technically. Is that still okay? I endorse it. Okay.

Last format. Okay. I come to see you live. Yes. I pull out my iPhone. I film my favorite. I film you performing my favorite song. But he's paid for the iPhone. I bought the iPhone. I put that on YouTube and it sounds horrible. But visually. Visually striking. Because he does a lot of cool camera work, aspect ratio. You know, what do you think?

Probably not the best way.

Especially for you as a performer, you want people to put their phones away and enjoy the music. I don't want to fucking see a single phone. Yeah. I don't want to, not so like I, I'm not into the copyright infringement, but most like people don't even think about this. Like mostly people pointing cameras at me make me so fucking nervous that I forget words and I just fuck up the phone.

Would you prefer if someone, if someone has to take a phone out, would you prefer they be calling someone on the phone and talking during, during your show rather than filming?

Yes. As a matter of fact, I would. So people should be doing that. If somebody wanted to take a photo, I wouldn't really care. But this filming the whole thing. Yeah. Just pointing it out. But talking on the phone, talking to their best friends. After being filmed. Yeah. That seems like a walk in the park. Tom, you have something? So this is weird . So I'm going to let's say this. I purchased the vinyl.

Okay. Okay. So I have the vinyl, but I'm going to put it on the phone.

Okay. So I have the vinyl, but I'm only doing cocaine off of that. You're never listening to it. No, I'm listening to it on Spotify, but I've got it on a loop on Spotify. So that's not you. We're making hardly pennies to the dollar here. But at the same time you've purchased the vinyl, which means you get a download code anyway. Yeah. But you don't use the download code. Cause I forgot. Cause I'm so high and I'm blowing these truckers that I just met. Yeah.

And I don't know who these guys are. And one of these guys, one of these guys seems dangerous. This seems like a very specific hypothetical. Let me finish, Rob.

These, one of these guys is like, we're going to pull off a heist. We're going to elaborate heist. I'm like, how does this have to deal with that?

Goes album. That's just that we're listening to on Spotify while we're doing blowing. You sound like that when you're blowing them. I'm keep my head together. Yeah. All right.

Don't don't. It seems like you would have a Dick in your mouth. Occasionally. Yes. During a break.

Do you know what chew is for? It's for practicing blowing and talking later. Chewing, chewing tobacco. Are you talking about Chewbacca from Star Wars? No, I'm talking about. I'm talking about. Okay.

Professional baseball players that I see chewing tobacco are actually practicing for when they have to blow in each other.

Well, yeah, cause they don't have a lot of free time and you can, that's true. And on the bus, you need to call home and talk to your kids. You get called up to the show. You got back to your hypothetical. Yes, that was it.

These truckers want to pull off a heist. We're going to rob . We're going to go get back all that money from Emward that he got paid. Hold on. Nico's chewing ice directly into the mic.

No, no, no. It's adorable. Adorable. Boom, boom, boom. Next thing you know, ran over our heads. We captured Emward. He 's like tied up and he's like, wait, he's part of this. We 're going to get the money back. Who's Emward? He got paid.

Emward played. Pay attention. Read Wikipedia once in your life. He contributes to Nico's album. Contributes or was paid in full. I'm sorry. He was paid in full. The fuck.

That's why we're going to get that money back from him.

With these, me and these two truckers. Wait, so Nico hired you to get the money back that she paid him for the record?

No, they're just confused. No, they're just confused about legal. Can I ask a real question? Yeah, here we go. If you 're performing in a concert for real and a lot of people are videoing it, is it annoying? Do you ever say anything? I tell them to stop it. Yes. Because it's really distracting.

Why don't you just enjoy it? Why don't people just fucking relax? Don't video everything in your life. You're never going to have time to watch. Look at that shit. Just look at it from your eyeballs.

I have tape recorded every day of my life and I listen back to it the next day. I don't like it when people record stuff. That's why we're not recording this. We're just talking. This is like a Tibetan mandala. It's a fucking piece of painting that you make with sand and then you wipe it away. I record every other day of my life. I record one day, I listen to the entire day the next day, just sitting in my room, then I record the next day and so on and so on.

So you're half alive. Yes, of course. Recording stuff is stupid, but can I get a little more Hubel in my cans? Can I get some more linen in my cans?

You guys in your cans. Speaking of recording, Nico, you're ready, or as some people say, not Ray-D, to play a song for us here. And this is a song from the new record. Is that correct? Yeah, an incredibly appropriate song for this.

Really? What is this one about? Just about how dumb it is that people talk about love all the time. We were just talking about love. It's fucking annoying and shut up about it because you don't know shit.

And what is this song called or do you want the title to remain secret until after you perform it? Oh, it's up to you. I would love to hear it. It's called Local Girl. Local Girl. We're going to hear Local Girl. Now, this is not a cover of Graham Parker's Local Girls. No. Okay, this is your own composition. I'm not that cool. Does M... Will M.

Ward contribute to guitar work while you're performing it right now? Or will he be paid in full? No, he will not. But Eric Bachman will and he will be paid in full. Hello, Eric.

Also, I'm not that cool.

Hello, Eric. Also, Kelly Hogan will be performing. Hello, Eric and Kelly. Okay, Eric and Kelly are all set up. You're ready to go. This is from the new record whose title is The Worse Things Get, The Harder I Fight, The Harder I Fight, The More I Love You. You're on the radio. You're on the radio. I'm a radio personality, of course. Nailed it. This comes out midnight tonight and this is an acoustic performance. Nico, I'm ready. Let's hear this. Okay.

Two, three, four.

I pass the light that the young people make How joyfully it 's wasted I feel the weight of the needles repeat inside Sang my weight in metric trash Ripped alive in sudden's embrace Don't you give up some local girl while our lights Our lights blot out her face All of you lie about some day Look pure on a first name basis All of you lie about some day Look pure on a first name basis All of you lie about some day Look pure on a first name basis All of you lie about some day Look pure on a first name basis All of you lie about some day All of you lie about some day Great group here today. Let me introduce, of course, sitting just to my left with me today, my special co-host.

You know him from MTV's Human Giant. He played the bad guy in the film I Love You Man.

Well, bad guy. Bad guy. There was no bad guy.

Okay. He played the man with a different point of view from the protagonist.

I was just tan.

Okay. So you played the tan guy, pardon me. And we can see you in Hell Baby coming up. Is that correct?

Uh, yeah.

Is that your bad guy, tan or pretty pale or what is it?

Pale.

Pretty pale in this one. Welcome, Rob Hubel.

Thank you for having me, Scott. Thank you. This is, uh, this is exciting.

This is so exciting.

Just want to get straight, um, Scott. Um, you know, I mean, I have to do this, but I got to get it straight.

Yeah.

What, what this show is about is the show. Is it going to be funny? Are we going to talk about stuff that's funny or what?

No. Yeah. No, the show is deadly, deadly dry. And we, we, we just explained why.

Yeah. We explained why something is funny.

Okay. So we're just going to deconstruct.

Yeah. That's all it is. That's all we're really going to do . We're just, okay.

So now I mentioned you're part of Human Giant, right? You 're, you're one third of Human Giant or maybe you're one fifth. I don't know how you guys divvy it up.

I think I'm a third.

Does disease get more or?

Yeah. It's done by a height. So I am, um, I'm four thirds.

No. Um, yeah. Yeah. It's a, you know, we do the show and it 's really fun.

Are you still doing the show? Is that the number one question you get or?

Um, I think we'll probably do some more stuff right now. We 're just all kind of doing different things like, um, like right now we're working on a movie script and stuff like that. So yeah, but it's good. Yeah. Everyone's doing different stuff. So, Yeah, sure. That's what happens to bands all the time. They do different things.

Yeah. We have solo projects.

They always get back together.

We have solo projects and we're all getting addicted to heroin.

How's that going for you?

It's going, um, what, what? It's uh, you know, it's uh, I got to tell you, it's way easier to get addicted to heroin than I thought. Really?

Because what I didn't know about heroin, what I did not anticipate is that it is so fun.

It really is. It's like really, really fun.

If you're out there by the way, and you haven't tried heroin, if there's one message that we can impart to you, I don't know. Pick it up. I mean, it's a great, it's a great habit to try.

I don't know if we should be spreading the word about heroin. I feel like people may have already heard about this.

We have a special guest who's going to be joining us.

Am I the special guest?

No, no. You're the special co-host.

Right. Yes, I am the co-host, but we do have a special guest.

Yes, of course.

Okay. And um, I'm looking at him right now.

He is here. I didn't want to actually say that. He is here from Reno 911.

Wait, am I pretending that I'm here or not?

You're pretending like you're not here at this point actually.

Oh, okay.

So we'll just tease. We'll just tease.

We're going to tease you. Okay. From Reno 911, also from I Love You Man and...

Yes.

Real quick timeout. We try not to say 911 when we say the name of the show.

Really? Yeah.

Why is that? You don't call it Reno 911?

Well, you know, we try not to invoke the worst history basically in the history of the United States.

The worst history? I don't know. Per Harbor Death Count. Is it higher? No, I don't think so. No.

No, I don't think so. No. So what we usually say is Reno 911.

Reno September 11th. I get it.

See, what Rob just did is exactly what we're trying not to do.

Oh, I see where you're going with this.

So let's try not to invoke Osama 911. Wait, did I just say that? Hang on a second.

Reno 911 in no way related to the greatest American tragedy that ever happened.

When you created the show, did you actually think of calling it Reno Pearl Harbor?

We did actually, but we felt like that was a little bit from Grandma's attic.

It was confusing. Yeah, yeah.

That little tragedy was just a little too old-timey.

Have we even finished this introduction? Do we say it's Tom Lennon yet?

No, it's Tom Lennon. That's true. Of course.

No, I mean you guys were in the very first episode of Comedy Bang Bang so long ago, over four years ago.

I wish I could remember what we talked about.

I wish that we could remember how we introed that show when we first got into it.

God, it was so long ago, but an historic show.

Right. And now we're at 240 blank blank blank.

I don't remember how, yeah, I don't remember any of that show.

No, it was a good one though.

It must have been around when I Love You Man came out.

It must have been, yeah. When Human Giant still was...

We talked about Human Giant.

And how you guys were writing a movie?

Yeah, how we're writing a movie.

How'd that movie come out?

It's great. Also we have Nico Case whose record is coming out.

Welcome Nico Case. Hello.

Can I say the name of that record one time?

Yeah, please do. Do you want to take a look at it?

Can you say it one time? Because I think it'll sound better .

Can you put some polish on it?

Yeah, can we put a little echo on my voice?

Check, check, check it.

Not to brag, but I do features. Ready?

The worse things get, the harder I fight.

The more I love you.

That was a sad version.

Wow.

I've heard some of the songs from it.

My blouse is open.

Magically, how did that happen?

The name of your album opened your blouse.

Let me do it one more time.

Can I request something?

Can you do it as the doctor from The Dark Knight Rises?

I could, or could I do it just throwing it out?

What do you think if I do it as the Pepperidge Farm remembers guy?

Pepperidge Farm remembers.

What about Sally Kellerman? Could you do it as Sally Kell erman?

I think I can do, I'm sure I can do Pepperidge Farm guy.

Kind of a mixture of the two.

You want me to do Batman's Doctor?

You do Batman's Doctor, I'll do Sally Kellerman, go.

I'm going to do Pepperidge Farm guy.

The worse things get, the harder I fight.

The harder I fight, the more I love you.

Pepperidge Farm. Pepperidge Farm remembers.

That sounds a lot like my friend Gerald. Little Gary's.

Oh, no, Tiny Gary.

Tiny Gary, yeah.

Don't come out of the box.

Yeah, I don't want to mention that.

Niko, do you want to do Sally Kellerman?

By the way, this is the dream promotion for the record, because now I know the title already.

Yeah, I'm going to try this.

Can I give you a note before you even start?

Just don't overthink it.

Slide into it.

This is me, Dr. Phil, reading this.

The worse things get, the harder I fight.

The harder I fight, the more I love you.

That sounds reasonable when he says it, actually.

I think it was Chet from Weird Science, actually.

Oh, thank you.

Niko, you want to do it as Sally Kellerman?

Sure.

The worse things get, rich and creamy, the harder I fight.

I can't even do it anymore.

I can't do Sally Kellerman unless I use the word buttermilk .

You Christian bailed on that right in the middle.

My blouse is wide open.

Is rich and buttery in the title as well?

Can I do this as...

Hidden Valley Ranch dressings, buttermilk, I can't do it.

Now I'm incorporating the...

I'd like to do it as Dismissive Jimmy Stewart, if I get it.

Great. Dismissive Jimmy Stewart.

The worst!

Wait, who am I doing right now?

Dismissive Jimmy Stewart.

Or Jimmy Smith's I Can't Remember You.

I think you're doing Jimmy Stewart having a stroke.

The worst things get, rich and creamy, the harder I fight, the harder I fight, the more I love you.

Very good.

Not bad. I wasn't as dismissive as he usually is.

Because he was high.

He was high all the time.

Can I do one more?

This is literally the best promo for your record of all time.

Just a room of people who are going to say the title over and over and over.

I'm not going to overthink this, I'm just going to do it.

Okay, but who are you being?

Jacques Cousteau.

The worst things get, the harder I fight, the harder I fight, the more I love you and also the whales.

That was amazing.

Does he just say anything and also the whales right after it?

You know, it's a very popular character with kids these days. Kids are obsessed with Jacques Cousteau, everybody knows who that is.

Yeah, they love it.

So guys, tell me Tom and Rob.

Rob, that's you?

You've known me for a long time.

I've known too long.

Have you guys been on the show before?

Yeah.

Tell me about Hell Baby.

Hell Baby is a film, you can get it if it's, you could right now go to Amazon and watch it.

People are already watching it on VOD.

Yeah, it's a big hit on VOD.

It came out on VOD when? Like a few weeks ago, right?

It's been out for a little while.

But wait, it's coming out this Friday, in my mind the best day to go see a motion picture.

It comes out the 6th on Friday.

And what is it? It's a, if you like, Human Giant.

Tom, you wrote and directed this movie, yes or no?

Yes, that's entirely accurate.

We went with the opposite title of sort of like, you know, the harder I fight, the long title.

We went with the short, dumb title.

It's a movie with some nudity, The Dudes from Human Giant.

Tom's underselling this movie. Let me sell it.

I don't want to read the reviews of it, they're amazing.

Let me sell this movie.

Funny as fuck. Super stony. Late night cult, alt comedy.

Here's what I say, Tom, also, I don't think this is a horror movie.

Some people think the only thing is...

The only thing is a very funny movie that will make you sh art your pants twice.

Dude, you'll fucking laugh your fucking dick until it ties itself into a knot.

And if it doesn't, I'll come over and I'll tie it in a knot .

That's a weird promise to make.

No, I mean it.

So, wait, if someone emails you and they say, Tom, big fan, I didn't love the movie, can you come over to my house and tie my dick in a knot?

I will. There's a big release you're going to have to sign.

Yeah, but yes.

My wife's sister and her friend saw the movie and I said, what did you think?

They went to the premiere. Thank you very much for inviting them.

Of course.

What did you think?

I said, ha ha ha ha ha ha. It was scary.

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It was funny.

I don't think it's so scary.

There's no better review you could get.

Yeah, well here's what I don't want.

I mean, we've gotten better reviews than that.

I don't want horror movie fans to go, this movie's not fucking scary.

This is a straight up comedy movie.

It's a straight up comedy. Let's talk about who's in it.

Cordry.

Nate Cordry?

Bob Cordry.

Rob Cordry. He's the lead.

Yeah. Bobbert Hubel.

You got Hubel, Sheer, Lennon, Grant, Ricky Lindholm, Ricky Lindholm, Michael Key, Keegan, Keegan Michael Key.

Keegan's going to get an award for this movie.

Also Leslie Bibb. Leslie Bibb is Cordry's wife in this movie and I think is so fucking funny.

And her name is exactly what her acting style is because she wears a bib the entire performance.

I don't know that part is true.

What happens is Cordry and his wife, Leslie Bibb, they buy an old fixer upper in New Orleans.

I'm already in. That's all I need to hear.

Which sounds like a lot of other horror movies and a bunch of crazy stuff starts happening in the house.

Is there voodoo?

There is a voodoo. There's a voodoo.

The house turns out to have quite a history. It's called the murder house, the house of blood.

There's been a lot of gangs, murderers, stuff like that.

There's also some supernatural shit going on.

This all sounds familiar because you see this in a lot of other movies.

However, what you don't get in other movies is Is barber Hubel acting hilarious.

Wait, before me though, the elitist exorcism team from the Vatican.

Because the Vatican has several layers of exorcist teams.

Team four is the most highly trained team of exorcists.

What if Human Giant and the guys from Reno 911 teamed up to solve an occult murder?

Wait, my favorite people from Human Giant and Reno 911?

Not necessarily, but some of them.

Disease isn't in this movie.

Disease is not in this movie?

Kumail is in it.

Ok, that's good enough for me.

So it's basically like Michael Ian Black?

It's like a super group.

You see the outline of his penis. Very specific.

So if you're interested in Michael Ian Black's penis.

Or here's the other thing.

Keegan fucking destroys this movie.

I've seen the film and he kills it.

The movie is written for him to do that.

The first time I saw a screening of this at the Sundance Film Festival I just dropped a little.

Did you say a screaming?

I saw Keegan's performance and I was like Oh, that would have been smart for me to do.

That would have been the way to go.

That would have been good.

With what you do in your career.

Can I point out something weird about the movie?

Sure. It's so much cheaper on Amazon than iTunes.

Is it really?

Yeah, it doesn't make a difference to me how you do it.

But I will say iTunes is like $19.

Amazon is like $13.

To own it? You mean to own it?

To own it for the rest of your lotion filled life.

I think it's because it's the Walmart of the internet.

Amazon is? Ok.

Is it the same with music? Do they do that with music also?

Probably.

What is your record on both iTunes and Amazon?

I have no fucking idea.

You don't care about money?

No, I want to talk about how you intro'd their movie.

Which is, you said, Hell baby!

Like you're Klaus Mein in the Scorpions.

And I felt pretty good about that.

Of course, I have often rocked them like a hurricane.

It is a hell baby!

Well, that's what I do for esteemed guests who have been on the very first episode of this podcast.

I mean, they took a chance on me, guys.

You know, I mean, four years ago.

I can remember exactly how we got into that show.

I remember the conversation that we had.

I don't remember it.

Oh, we talked about, that we were working on several years from now, we were going to do a funny horror movie.

Right.

We did in New Orleans.

Here's the problem. We shot this movie in New Orleans.

We talk about that some more?

Yep.

Do you have to?

I might have become an alcoholic for a few weeks.

I think.

Also, you can get away with anything in New Orleans.

Paul Scheer and I play cops in this movie.

And spoiler alert, at one point we get very, very bloody.

Almost everybody does.

I hope everyone turned off the podcast when you said spoiler alert, by the way.

That is proper. As soon as someone says spoiler alert, turn off whatever you're listening to.

Almost everyone does.

And Scheer and I would go out to eat lunch after shooting some of our death scenes.

And we would meet up as bloody cops in New Orleans in very official looking police uniforms.

They say NOPD, New Orleans Police Department, covered in fucking blood.

And no one batted an eye.

No one ever said, excuse me, officer, is everything okay?

Yeah.

When we were leaving, When we were leaving New Orleans, Scheer, I still don't understand this, had purchased a bicycle and used it the whole shoot and then he was selling it on Craigslist.

I don't know why he's doing this.

I don't know why Paul Scheer did this.

Met up with a kid on Craigslist in his, Gets weirder.

In his cop uniform with like 17 bullet holes in his chest.

Covered in blood.

Covered in blood. Sells the bike to this kid. Kid does not bat an eye.

He's like, great.

He was like, hey man, I just bought a bike from this bloody cop.

And this kid's name is?

Morgan Freeman.

That's right. And he grew up to be?

A little out of the box?

There he is.

Well, speaking of entertainment, Nico has another song from what I can tell.

She's picked up her microphone.

She's about to sing into it from what I can tell.

I'm holding it in my tiny little paws.

God almighty, your paws are so small.

Which by the way, no one has ever remarked in your entire career as a musician upon, you don't have hands.

I have little raccoon hands.

Perfect for ripping open like a garbage bag late at night or something.

I clean everything before I eat it.

What is this song that you're going to sing currently?

Song's called Calling Cards.

It's about?

Don't tell me. Let me.

Interpret it yourself.

I don't like that when singers tell me what a song is about .

You know what I mean?

Like I'm not a dummy.

You're 50% of the song, baby.

Because to me the song is about breakups.

That's what this song is.

And I haven't heard the song.

I bring my own shit to every song that I hear.

Are we swearing on the podcast now?

Are we not allowed to swear?

No, I mean we're allowed to.

How many breakups have you had this week?

None. Zero.

But you remember them in a fresh way.

It's about breakups.

Is it about breakups? Well, we're going to hear it.

We're going to hear.

Should I tell you if it is?

No, no, no. I want to listen to it and we'll figure it out ourselves.

Is it a prize if we figure out what it's about?

Yeah, definitely. I'm willing to give up.

Alright, so you're ready to sing. Guys, are you ready?

I'm ready to listen.

Okay, we're ready to listen. Here we go. This is Calling Cards, the song about breakups.

♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ Oh, totally breakup wishes.

That's not about breakups. I misinterpreted.

Alright, let's take a break. When we come back, we'll have more Nico, more Tom, more Rob right after this. Comedy bang bang.

Wow, the question mark was distressing.

I don't know, you said you had to go.

No, that's right. Yeah, no, we didn't want to break it to you this way.

Wow, this is a super weird way to find out.

Alright, let's come. Tom's going to deal with this. We'll come back.

Wow.

Comedy bang bang, we are back here with Rob Hubel, Tom Lennon, Nico Case, the Dream Team. It's Labor Day. We're having fun.

We got our white linen suits on.

We swapped linen suits.

Good job, yeah. We all wear the same sizes.

But lucky, so lucky.

It's time now to play a little game. It's time to play a little something that we call Would You Rather.

♪♪♪ Send the raven.

No talking during the Would You Rather thing, Rob.

♪♪♪ Tom, you're humming.

That is true. I've always said no talking during the theme, but barking and humming is actually allowed. You're right.

Nico, join in, whatever you like to do.

I'm just listening.

No talking! Barking and humming is OK.

♪♪♪ All right, it's time to play Would You Rather. We all know how this is played. People send me Would You Rather scenarios to my Twitter account, which is at cbbwir, comedy bingbong, would you rather.

I will read it out loud. I'll open the floor for questions.

You're then free to ask me any question about the question.

Check.

In order to narrow down your choice.

I will close the floor. You will not be allowed to ask questions after that. You will then vote when I point at you. I will have to point at you and also say it's time for your vote.

Kind of a complicated process, but it includes a point and speaking directly to you.

You'll then vote. We'll tally up the points. Here we go.

This comes to us from Lacey Days. Lacey asks, Would you rather have a true crime narrator...

Yes.

...or be sent off to war every time you gain weight? Would you rather have a true crime narrator constantly talking in your head or be sent off to war every time you gain weight?

I'm opening the floor for questions. Tom.

Is the war someplace cold or is it like a desert war or is it a jungle war?

Great question. It is actually in Antarctica, so it's a very cold war.

OK, chilly war.

Yeah, yeah, you have to wear like those Empire Strikes Back Hoth uniforms.

OK, Hoth gear. Got it.

Tom, you don't have to raise your hand.

Question over here. I don't like talking over people, so I raise my hand.

How much weight are we talking about? Like a couple pounds I get sent off to war?

Yeah, any time it's an actual pound. If you gain half a pound, no problem.

From my current weight.

Once you accept this and vote on the situation, then you are not allowed to gain any more weight or you'll be sent off to war.

And that is, anything under a pound, you're OK.

And as a true crime narrator, does he sound like Bill Curtis or what does he sound like?

Well, who's your favorite true crime narrator?

Morgan Freeman.

As a young boy before he grew up?

Yep.

Yeah, so he sounds like Morgan Freeman.

The penguins march across the Antarctica.

And murdered each other.

And he just tells every single thing that you ever do.

In your head, yeah, constant narrative.

He has picked up his desire for.

I'm Bill Curtis, Tom's about to urinate.

And then he started to urinate. Little did he know that moments later he would be tapping his very wiener, getting the dribbles off.

Alright.

I get it.

Making a slight turn to the left.

He picked up his iPhone.

Later, two seconds later, he's at the sink.

Really? What are you doing at the sink?

No, it would be a long time.

Nico, you have a question?

Nope.

What?

I don't.

I'll tell you when I make my vote.

I got one last question.

One last question? What is going on here?

Is the enemy that we're fighting in Antarctica, is it like people? Or is it like...

Great question.

Or is it like elves who have been like...

Tom, I'm going to just cut you off here. We're at war with Santa Claus.

Okay, that was my concern.

My concern, because these guys, he's gone weaponized and he 's gone rogue and he's gone crazy.

Yeah, no, Santa Claus has gone a little bit nuts.

Yeah, so he's using all of his magic powers.

There is a war against Christmas, we all know that.

No, we all know that, of course. Happy holidays, by the way .

Yeah.

No, yeah, you're up against the big man.

Let's put it to a vote.

Really? I haven't closed the floor.

It's not even really a toss-up.

Well, obviously, because you haven't asked any questions that are going to affect your vote.

I'm pretty certain about things.

Okay, I brought my sound effects.

Why are you bringing a cricket sound effect to my chat?

I have my answer.

Tom, I don't care. It's not time to vote.

Okay, when do we vote?

Well, obviously, you're the only one who wants to ask questions. Here we go.

I got to get on my motorcycle.

I'm making this podcast so audio-friendly.

Rob, what questions do you have? These guys don't want to ask anything. It's up to you.

I want to vote. I want to go ahead and vote.

Thank you.

I've already made my decision.

Really? You guys, boy, you are poor players all.

I have to say, there's so much more information, Seth.

Get out of your old-timey car and play the game.

Alright. I got one more question.

Yeah, I thought so. Tom?

Are the weapons, special weapons that have been designed, like Men in Black weapons designed by our government that were, so let's say our government...

To effectively battle Santa Claus?

Yes.

To battle Claus.

They are jelly-seeking missiles because his stomach is like a bowl full of jelly.

Of course.

But we are, we're prepared.

No, we're prepared. We can take down any chimney.

This is a scenario that they thought about for a hundred years.

They always knew that this day might happen.

Might happen.

Yeah, of course. And they are prepared. It's like...

Okay.

So I'm not just walking up to the North Pole with my dick in my hand.

No, it's like asking your best scientist, hey...

I mean, unless you wanted to do that.

I might also be doing that. That's a separate issue.

It's like asking your best scientist, hey, can you construct some kind of synthetic kryptonite because Superman is out there and he, you know, Michael is...

Ooh, they should do that.

You know what? That's not a bad idea.

I'm going to call Zack Snyder right now.

Write that down.

Alright, I've closed the floor for questions. It's time to vote.

Rob, how do you like to vote?

I'm going, if I gain any weight, I'm going to war.

Really? Yep.

With Santa Claus? Yep.

Why is that? Hate Santa Claus, love war.

Really? Hate gaining weight.

Hate gaining weight. So weight, but if you hate gaining weight...

Also, hate food. Hate food.

Really? Keep an eye on me. You'll see me. I don't eat food.

We all have to eat it though to stay alive, really?

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, barely.

We don't eat nearly as much food as we are eating.

I've been wondering what the deal is with your IV.

It's sugar water and I pull it around everywhere I go and it's a constant drip of fluid that I need just to survive.

Just to barely keep alive.

You're very gaunt.

Thank you. Thank you so much.

Alright, well, an interesting vote from an interesting player. Tom, we turn to you. How do you like to vote?

No brainer. I want to go to this war, honestly, whether I gain the weight or not.

Yeah, you want to take the big man down.

I'm like a volunteer. I'm like a fucking volunteer. I want to be there. I want to get in it.

What happened to you on Christmas that makes you anti-Santa Claus?

I can't say for sure, but I just know that I want to be there when some of my best buddies get taken out by elves and watch the life go out of their eyes.

It's going to be a massacre.

Oh, no, we're walking into a hornet's nest up there.

He's prepared as well.

He's way more prepared than us.

He's got his armory up there.

It's like Kurtz. This is basically, we're going up the river to find Kurtz.

Yeah, exactly.

He's a warrior and a poet, man.

But hey, you're willing to do it because it means a lot to you.

Yeah, it's more interesting.

Nico, how do you like to vote?

My insane hatred of Christmas makes me want to go to war.

That's not very Christmassy.

Well, it isn't, and it's not very Christian either, and I hate Christmas.

Why do you hate Christmas so much?

Because Christmas has a fucking version of that Santa Baby song, and they always sing it all sexy.

Santa Baby is goo goo goo be goo goo goo goo.

Oh, Rob.

Booby goo goo.

You are turning me on right now.

Showing you my boobies, Daddy.

Oh, it's fucking...

Showing you my boobies, Daddy?

Is that what you just said?

By the way, can I get this on Spotify right now?

Hold on, sing it from the beginning.

Sing it from the beginning.

I'm on the spot now.

Exclusive. Comedy Bang Bang exclusive.

Nico Case singing Santa Baby.

Infantilize the women and they just want stuff.

Get me on my...

I am super hard right now.

I'm also fucking turgid.

Take notes.

You're really? You're turd.

And also, Shelby Foote was not one of the people that were in line for Christmas.

You know, the people that were in line to be my internal dialogue.

Oh, well, you know, you didn't ask questions though.

Shelby is actually the one who took over your life.

No, he's not.

Yes, he is because you didn't...

No, he's not a crime narrator.

Hey, guess what?

You didn't ask the question about Shelby Foote.

I would have told you that he makes an exception in your case, but unfortunately...

Well, I'm still gonna plug Santa.

Well, you have to because...

Which is gonna be awesome.

Wait, you think you're gonna be the person to actually plug this guy?

They said no men.

It took Seal Team 7 to get together to kill Osama Bin Laden , but you think you're doing Santa Claus by yourself.

I think you're living in a dream world.

I would see this movie. I would be the first person in line .

You saw Lord of the Rings. You know how this shit works.

Especially if there's a Katy Perry video called Santa, I'm showing you my boobies that comes with the film.

Infantilize, Girls Want Stuff.

You know what? There's actually...

There's a sequel that she does that goes, Put the makeup on the baby, put the makeup on the baby, Gotta get a hot looking baby, Gotta pierce that baby's ears.

How... and this is a true question, we're gonna take a little sidebar here.

How young is too young to pierce a baby's vagina?

Oof. I'm looking it up.

It has to form first, so I guess...

What does it say on Wikipedia?

Yeah, what do you guys think? Before we tell it.

I think intervaginal piercings...

Because I should have left my...

In utero.

You think inside the mother's stomach.

I think Gene Kaysom did that, didn't she?

What we'll do is delete this part. We'll delete...

Yeah, maybe.

We'll bleep it out.

Okay, great. We'll bleep out the entire... just like a two minute long bleep?

No, no, no. Just that last part.

And we're back.

And we are back. Let's tally up the votes. Nico, you did not ask enough questions to realize that Shelby Foote would be your narrator, so I'm so sorry.

You wouldn't have given me Shelby Foote.

Oh, I certainly would have.

Rob, you hate eating, which I think is just kind of weird.

So you are disqualified as well.

I love the taste of my IV as it drips into my arm blood.

Bullion gel.

That means, Tom, you just are in it for love of the game.

You just want to kill Santa Claus.

I want to be in the mix.

Yeah, you want to be in there. No, I get it. That means you are a winner and that is of course how we play. Would you rather...

♪♪♪ Guys, great game. That was as competitive as it has ever been and that is how we play a Labor Day Would You Rather.

And there's only one thing left to do on the show.

Should we all switch pants again?

Yeah, while we do this, while we listen to the Plugs theme with some white pants.

Yeah, let's treat close.

We're very hard in these pants, so whoever is getting these pants just know that...

You're getting indentation, but you may not be able to fill the blousey stretch.

There's a little bit of a crease. There's a crease.

We've made a fanny pack in those pants and I appreciate it.

It's time for a little something we call Plugs.

♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ Wow, that is Get Down and Plugs by Aaron Fucking Singer.

I don't appreciate that kind of language, Aaron. I don't like to say it in public, but hey, you made me because you ...

Sexy jam, though.

It was sexy. That was really nice. Aaron, thank you so much .

If you have a Plugs theme, go head on over to earwolf.com.

You know what to do with it.

And Nico, as a professional musician, you're better suited than anyone to critique that Plugs theme. What do you think of that?

It moved.

Yeah, it really did.

Oh, it moved you. Oh, okay, sorry.

And here we go. Let's talk about it. Hell Baby, Tom and Rob . That's coming out Friday?

Friday, September 6th. Or just watch it on demand anytime you feel like it.

I don't even feel like we have to plug this movie. I feel like this movie is going to fucking destroy.

It's a good time.

If you don't like good times, then don't see this movie.

Yeah, that would be the only reason.

Or if you're my parents. If you're my parents, don't see this movie.

Yeah, because you're embarrassed by the choices you made.

Well, there's a lot of nudity. There's a prolonged...

We should talk about that. Friend of the show, Ricky Lind holm.

She's nude.

For about seven minutes at the front.

For a long period of time.

And Tom, you wrote this movie. This is kind of gross.

Yeah, it was a weird idea to pitch to her. I was like, hey, Ricky.

She's a friend of all of ours. And you pitched, hey, do you want to be in my movie?

It looks great. It looks great in the movie. There's nothing wrong with being naked.

But then I had to go run and write a movie real quick.

Because I was like, hey.

I just sold her on this idea.

We're all naked when we're born. Up until...

The whole movie was built around that nude scene.

I first pitched that to her and then I was like, I'm going to think something up real quick.

So it makes sense. Because otherwise it would just be weird .

That's why you live in a mansion. That's why you live in a mansion.

And I live in the back of my pickup truck.

So this is a good movie. It comes out on Friday. If you can 't wait, see it on VOD before then.

Hell, baby, I've seen it. I give it the stamp of approval.

Speaking of the stamp of approval, Nico, your record comes out and I'm about to let you know if I give your record the stamp of approval or not.

That's why you came here, of course. You wanted to get that stamp of approval.

I've been waiting for a year to find out.

This is, of course, your record that comes out at midnight tonight.

The worse things get, the harder I fight.

Perfect.

The harder I fight, the more I love you.

And the whales.

Creamy, buttery.

And this comes out tonight. And you know what, Nico? I give it the stamp of approval.

I'm crying. Thank you.

You literally are.

I worked really hard on it.

You really did. How long would you say that this was a lifetime in the making?

It was a good two years in the making.

Is there a song on the record that goes, Santa Baby.

That's my favorite song.

It's my favorite song.

Santa Baby.

I'm walking with my feet turned inward.

So I look just a little bit helpless as I approach you.

I'm going to eat some candy real slow.

Every part of this works.

I don't mind it.

When does the Halloween one of this come out?

I worked on this album as hard as someone is.

As hard as Rob Ubel is.

I'm hungry for candy.

Could somebody nurse me?

I'm hungry.

Record that song.

Please record that song.

You have to.

I'll pay for the studio.

I'll pay for M. Ward.

I'm bending over suggestively.

Great job. This is a great record.

I can't wait for people to hear it.

Where do you think you're going to place on the charts?

Probably in the heavy zeros.

Nice! Not bad.

I don't know how the charts work. Is that good?

You're one of the people. I'm the other of the people who don't know that either.

What do I want to plug?

This Friday, watch Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

We have Bill Hader is on the show as well as Bobby Moynihan doing one of your favorite characters from this show.

He'll be on as well as Jimmy Pardo fan favorite.

This is a really great show. Friday 10 p.m. 9 central IFC.

Please watch that show.

Let's see what else.

Oh, Comedy Bang Bang Tour.

This is exciting.

Tickets are almost sold out in a lot of places.

New York Second Show almost sold out.

I know Philly, Toronto, you're next to sell out.

This is cool.

Boston sold out, but we added a second show, Matinee Show.

A 4 p.m. Sunday Matinee Show that we are going to do there.

So tickets are on sale today for that.

And Detroit, that is selling out, so we're actually moving into a bigger venue.

We're going to be at the Royal Oak instead of the Crowfoot and all of your tickets will be honored there.

So that's really exciting. Second show, Boston now on sale and Detroit more tickets on sale right now.

So hit those up immediately before everything sells out.

Oh, and thank you to Kenneth F. Gray.

Kenneth, $100 to Comedy Bing Bong.

Thank you so much for donating. Something special is coming to you from all of us.

Thank you so much.

And let's close up the old plug bag and guys, fantastic show.

Thank you so much.

Congratulations.

Let's close it up. Here we go.

Ken Marino, of course.

Casey Wilson.

Adam Pally, the closing of the plug bag theme.

We go jack that money back from M. Ward.

Yeah, we got to go.

This is, yeah.

It'll be easy. All you got to do is go, give me that money back.

Do you have his address?

Nico, can you give us his address? Just write it down right here.

He lives there?

Oh my God. 1-1-2-2 boogie woogie. Crazy.

He'll be like, just don't touch my baby, man. Here's the money.

His baby is his guitar.

It doesn't mean anything to me.

Well guys, thank you so much. This has been a great Labor Day and the dogs are ready.

Here they come.

Shout out to the laborers.

Thanks laborers.

And women in labor.

Thanks for getting your one day off. And guys, thanks so much for being on the show.

We will see you next time. Thanks. Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production. Executive Pro ducers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

And as always, thanks for watching.

Earwolf Radio. Boom. Dot.com.

The wolf dead.
