You know her from the Comedians of Comedy, one of the greatest stand-ups working today.

Maria Bamford is here, we're gonna get into it.

She's not been on the show in a really long time, and we've known each other for a really long time.

Expect to hear in detail everything about our relationship for the next hour.

All of that and nothing more all on today's...

♪ I would like to ask all listeners and friends of the show to join me in raising a glass.

Ha!

I didn't say Simon Says. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Uh, good catchphrase. Thanks so much to April Fools Rebel for that catchphrase.

Don't know if that one's gonna... that one is gonna stick.

Actually, none of these have stuck since What's Up Hot Dog?

That's...

Anyway, thanks to him. Hey, April Fools Rebel, you've been writing a lot of them.

You should just do this, I think.

You're good at these.

Welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

The podcast!

I'm your host, Scott Aukerman, and, um...

So, you know, I know some of you come over from the TV show and you're like, What? There's a podcast?

I don't know why you're all Southern, but, uh...

It's different. It's just me as the host.

My main man Reg. You know, he's off on his own travels.

Never know where or when he's gonna turn up, but, um...

We talk to friends, we talk to people, and then, uh...

You know, every once in a while a weirdo will drop by.

But, uh, speaking of the TV show, and we have one of the weirdest of weirdos coming up, and I'll introduce her in a second, but, um...

All right. All right.

Speaking of the TV show, though, I want to say this Friday, Comedy Bang Bang, 10 p.m., 9 p.m. Central.

Watch that show. This is our big mid-season finale.

Musical episode. What, you say? You're crazy. Why would you do a musical episode?

Well, we thought it would be funny, and it turned out it was funny.

We have been showing this episode. We showed it in L.A.

We showed it in Seattle a couple of weeks ago, and people really love it.

It's our big blowout. We spent more time on this episode than any other episode, I think.

And I think you're really going to love it. Andrew Lloyd Webber is on that show, as well as Tom Lennon. Casey Wilson is the guest of honor on that show, and I think you're really going to enjoy that. So please watch that show Friday, 10, 9 Central. And of course we don't need to explain the Central time zone.

As we...

♪♪ What is... Frank. Engineer Frank, can you please stop that?

What is that?

Is that a sound effect?

What's...

Engineer... No. Engineer Frank, you're not doing this, are you?

No. Oh, no.

Oh, no. Not the Tom Likest show.

No, it's not.

No, it's not a Flash... No, you're not!

Oh, God, no!

No, Tom!

No, I'm not on Tom. You're on Scott.

You're not on Tom, but Tom's on top.

You know what I'm talking about?

I don't. Tom... I'm doing great.

Tom... Oh, God. What is your question for the professor?

To the listeners, I'm sorry about this. Tom Likest, who's a radio personality of note, he hasn't been on the show in a year.

I'm sorry. What do you say most often to a woman after you get done with her?

I'm sorry, baby!

Tell me about it!

Please, this is not the way the show normally is.

If you're listening to the show for the first time, this is not what I want the show to be.

Tom Likest, you're a disgusting human being. We talked about that last time. You were here with...

Thank you.

But I only let women talk to me like that, and only if they 're stuffed with my balls.

You know what I'm talking about? I'm talking about colitis.

I think we talked about that with Amy Poehler last time, about how you like to stick your balls into...

Anyway...

You never know where the balls are going to fit until you go to blowmeuptime.com.

That's blowmeuptime.com.

Tom, are you planning on being here the entire show?

I don't make plans!

I don't know if you can see this right now, but I have a beautiful, young, emotionally vulnerable woman right now.

No, she's my guest.

She's licking... No, it's under the table.

Oh, it's under the table? Okay, what's going on under there ?

She's licking the back of my knees because she's not good enough for the rest of it yet.

Oh, God.

Can't you handle it, dear?

I think he's talking to our guest. Tom, if you're going to be here the whole show, at least let me introduce our guest .

It's Flash Fridays.

It's not!

If you're Flash, Tom Likest, you get a free date at Long John Silver's.

Oh, God.

Blow Me Up, Tom!

BlowMeUpTom.com, or your own Tom Bielo.

All right, let's introduce him. Maria, you're a fan, it seems.

I love it! I love Tom Likest.

Oh, okay.

I know you do.

Do I do?

I mean, I know I'm too old for you, Tom Likest.

Oh, you think you're too old for me?

Oh, man, I think you'd let me cup your balls.

There's always room on the roster.

Did I work the shaft?

There's always room on the roster if you know how to play a keystard.

You know what I'm talking about?

Tom, please, this is a respectable show.

I want to know legitimately if she knows what I'm talking about.

Do you?

We can find out if she knows what you're talking about.

No! What I'm talking about.

I do. I know that you respect women, and you respect people of color, and you...

I respect women the way I respect a buck in a popcorn shrimp.

In what way is that?

Because they go down easy.

Are you married, Tom? I forgot.

I don't get married.

Oh, that's right.

Let me tell you something about women.

Women want to get married, and I know Maria comes in here, and she goes, I want Tom to propose to me and get me a ring.

Let me tell you something, sweetheart.

I do.

The only ring you're going to be getting from me is a real wet ring around the backside.

You know what I'm talking about?

What?

The only ring you're going to be getting from me...

He means he's going to put his, um, uh, cock into my bungh ole.

Oh, that ring.

Ring around the rosy.

That's what that song is.

A pocket full of posies.

This is not, this is not the way the show normally does.

Take me out fairytale style.

I don't, okay, what is fairytale style?

Now I actually am.

Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, Rapunzel, Rapunzel, oh yeah.

Wait, it's fairytale style if you just say Rapunzel, Rapun zel, oh yeah?

You got it!

Okay, well, I've never heard that before.

All right, let's get to our guest.

Oh my God.

And Maria, I apologize for having you on with...

No, I'm so grateful.

Oh, I love that.

It was supposed to be just you and me for the entire hour just talking about old times and...

No, yeah, no, this is perfect, you know, because sometimes, Tom, I just do want to, you know, cause I, I really, I do want, um, I want to live with my boyfriend.

We've been dating only six months and we're going to move in together maybe...

Six months and you want to get your hooks into him?

Yes!

Let me tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, Maria here !

What if I lost the sentence that I just remade to self?

It seems like that happened.

Do you remember what she was talking about?

I'm doing great!

But, but what do you think is the best, I mean, if I were not a good person, if I were a manipulative person...

Maria Bamford is here, by the way.

Oh, yeah, yeah, no, I, um, you know, as I, as I said earlier...

Do you compliment his bank account when you submit?

You know her as a comedian?

Yes.

Maria Bamford.

Yes, thank you so much for having me on the show and this is serious, I used to listen, I have listened to Tom Likas as well as...

Wait, you said you used to listen, what does that mean?

You're not currently listening.

Well, no, I don't know where to find him!

Let me tell you something about broadcasting, Scott.

Pause!

Yeah, that's right.

Broadcasting is a bad word, pussy.

I'd miss most of that.

When are you on, Tom?

I am on the internet.

Oh, so always on?

Yeah, you can listen anytime you want to blow me up, blah, blah, blah.

See, that's the only problem, I only listen to Tom Likas when I was in the car, super bored, you know, I mean...

Super bored, what?

Did you pull over?

Because you can't listen to Tom with both hands on the wheel.

Oh, God.

Do you understand the inference that I'm making?

Yes, of course, Tom.

Look, let's talk to Maria here for a little bit.

If you're, let's maybe tag team on questions for Maria, is that okay?

Oh, you want to double down, big boy?

I don't know, but maybe one...

I'm not gay!

I've never heard a woman on the Tom Likas show, either.

Yeah, so this is interesting.

Oh, you think there should be a woman on Tom Likas' program ?

Well, I would just assume that at least you'd have exotic dancers, or at least...

I sign racks live on the air.

Would you like me to sign your rack, Maria?

I don't know if it would be possible, it's such a small surface area.

Oh, don't worry, my signature's very splashy.

Oh, dear.

Okay, so that's your question.

Let's trade off on questions.

Yes.

Would you like me to sign your rack, Maria?

That was your question.

Yup.

Oh, no, I'm all right, I'm all good.

Okay.

Now, for me.

Okay, so Maria, what's...

Oh, God, I've got to make this good, because Tom's going to come in after me.

If you could scrapbook stamp my chest, then that would be ...

If you had a number of stamps that were like a carrot and a little elephant, and you had a number of stamps...

Oh, you mean good job stamps.

You mean ink pad stamps.

Yeah, ink pad stamps.

Then I might be interested.

Okay, sorry.

Tell us what, in detail, in great detail before Tom can ask another question, what you are up to in comedy.

You just released, I know, a special, which sounded very unique.

So give us the full spectrum.

Special, special, special.

It was a hour-long special performed for only my parents in my living room, and you can download it from chill.com, or you can buy it with a bunch of other comedian specials, Louis C.K.

Ooh, he's hot right now.

Yeah, that guy.

Why don't you like that guy?

Oh, you already do.

I see.

Now that's Hubert.

What?

Okay.

Hannibal Burress.

He's fat, he's bald, he gets a lot of pussy.

That's true.

It's true.

I don't know if that's true.

No, two out of those three.

I think he doesn't have a long-term girlfriend.

I have no idea.

I would not care to speculate.

I do know that he's balding.

Yeah, and he's a sensitive, loving man.

Sure.

As well as an incredible businessman.

That's his biggest mistake.

Okay.

All right, Tom.

So it's with a humble bundle.

A humble bundle, you can get a bunch of comedians all at the same time, and then you just pay what you want.

So you can get a bunch of things for a dollar.

Personally, I want to pay nothing, usually.

Yeah, then I think you have to pay at least like a 99 cents or something.

That's not paying what you want.

I would pay top dollar for the men, but for the women, I would deliberately pay a little bit less.

The thing is, we're part of the package.

It's like you have to buy us.

It's a humble bundle.

Yeah.

I got a bundle, dear, but it's not very humble.

Okay, all right.

Come on, Tom.

It's like, whatever I think of you, Tom, is like I can't, I almost don't even think of your radio personality.

I just think of the thing you have in your pants.

Oh, yes, my wallet is well hung.

You may have a humble bundle, but I've got a rascal of a package.

Okay, so please, that doesn't cover the entirety of your career, I hope.

It covers it all.

I hope there's more before he asks a question.

No, I have, I'm working on a couple projects.

Okay, good.

Still doing stand up around?

Oh, I love, yes, stand up, I'll be doing that.

One of the best, one of the greatest.

Let's not get into specifics, but you are doing stand up.

I have a certain style.

Specifics are for plugs.

You know what I mean?

Like, talk about it in the general sense.

Oh, in the general sense.

Oh, I see.

People don't want to hear the plugs yet, they'll turn off the program.

Like, ah, we got what we want.

Well, this is a joke I'm working on.

Oh, great.

Which is that I have, I've not had a loving, committed relationship last over a year in...

Good.

Yeah.

And six months in...

Burnham and Turntable.

At this point it is my fault.

I know I'm 43.

And, but then I realized I had an epiphany.

The reason everything's going so well, because I used to ask that question to people in relationships.

How did you guys meet?

Did your hands come together by accident in a garden?

Because it seems so mysterious and confusing.

And I understand it, but I remember that I used to ask a very similar question many years ago, desperately, in the same way.

How did you get into showbiz to move to San Diego and disguise yourself as a bush?

Were you really demanding at a restaurant to the waitress that she got on her knees to beg you for a tip?

That's my kind of romance.

So you're, similarly, you don't know quite how...

Well, here's the thing, is that people in relationships always say, we just met and we just got to know each other, we like each other, and we stay together.

And, oh, I'm sorry if you're bored with your miracle.

And, but then people, comics would always tell me, oh, you just do whatever you want to do, you keep doing it.

Even if you never get paid for it, at least you get to keep doing it.

And the next thing you know, you've been doing it 30 years, people still ask you, hey, you still doing that?

Which is profoundly true.

And I think that's what a relationship is.

Hey, you still doing that?

I can do that.

You know, it's just about showing up.

Yeah, that's 99%.

99% is perspiration.

Like just sweaty relationships.

Because people will say once you've been doing this a long time, oh, you always wanted to be a comedian.

I didn't want to do this podcast today.

And not because, you know, because, you know, there's ambiguity and doubt.

Yes, doubt. How's it going to come out? Exactly.

Yeah, you never know.

I used to think, like, I used to hear about people saying, oh, if I'd never turned that corner, I never would have met my husband or wife.

And so I used to be like, should I just be walking to work on like a crazy route, just taking corners, every single corner that you can take?

I am successful enough that I have people brought to me on platters.

Oh, dear.

Well, and do those relationships, are they lasting?

Lasting? They last long enough for me to get through the ob très.

I have women brought to me with apples in their mouths.

I taste the delicious delights.

And then I throw them in the garbage chute.

Oh, dear.

Do you know, has any- It's 99% perspiration, 1% prosecution. You know what I'm talking about?

I don't know what you're talking about, actually.

You know what I'm talking about.

I'm doing great!

But it shows us the same thing. Like, it's like this whole magical, oh, you're going to get discovered. Oh, you're going to do this one thing.

You're going to sit in Schwartz's Deli.

Yeah.

Is that right? Is that the reference?

One moment. And in fact, it's just showing up a billion, j illion times, and maybe 10 years in, somebody notices. And if they don't, who cares? You're having a good time.

Yeah.

Making faces.

But, I mean, Maria, you're considered to be one of the best stand-up comedians in the business!

Well, uh- How does it feel?

Maria, you like making faces, don't you?

Absolute power. Corrupts absolutely.

Um, you know, that is a, I can't say, that's a very nice thing to say, but I think- Address the fact that people like you!

Yeah, well, I like them!

Ooh, now hold on a second. I detected that it's a little bit hard for you to accept a compliment.

I do.

Is that true, Maria? You got very nervous when I said that.

I do get a little, well, especially- That's a princess in my book.

Oh, you mean you don't want to hear anything positive? Come on, baby.

Listen, I just- Get to work, these floors are dirty.

Are you actually talking about floors at this point, or?

Would you- Anything I walk on, I'm talking about.

Okay.

If we went for dinner, Tom, have you ever paid for dinner?

I would never spend more than $40 on a dinner.

Like is 101.

Has that number gone up?

Nope, it's not inflation adjusted.

So you started at that number.

This is my slow austerity program.

When you started, it was actually kind of a nice thing.

It was kind of a nice thing. You can see a movie, whatever.

Nowadays, it's enough money for me to take her to the arc light, and I get to go in and she waits outside.

That's the kind of date I'm going.

So it's more, it's not an anti-women thing, it's more just inflation in general.

You don't really- You got it. I'm not letting my coin go out of the purse.

Now, I don't want to confront you directly, but you seem- Go ahead, I've had worse.

You seem to not like women in general, or at least did not respect them.

Well, they're not on the show very often.

I respect women the way I would butter.

Have you- I respect women like I would a fine wife.

You keep them in a cool, comfortable place.

I do. I do keep them in a cool cedar room.

You take care of them.

You take care of them, you fall over them, and then you bust into them.

And the older they get, the better they are, right?

Oh, interesting.

You like older women?

Nah.

So that's where the wine analogy falls to pieces for you.

That's not all that falls to pieces.

You should see what happens to my genitals.

Wait a minute, what's going on with your genitals?

My organs fall apart when they reach an ecstatic phase.

So when you become turgid and erect- I set my balls rolling down the floor like bowling pins.

What?

Yep.

Wobble, wobble, crash.

What is the thing that gives you most pleasure?

I mean, if a woman were to- Tears, dear.

In fact, if you want to go to blowinguptob.com, one of our sponsors is inflatabledolls.org.

We have a special Tom Lagis doll.

It's a woman that has actual tears, so you have to fill it up with water, but it'll cry if you fuck it.

Oh, dear. Oh, if you're just listening to- For a limited time, only two for one.

If you're listening to this show for the first time, I apologize.

Tom is not normally here. I don't know, what brought you here today?

We are down on our fuds, and we're double-timing the studio here.

So you're trying to get in on a popular show- Well, so maybe- As yours is on the wane.

Oh, you want to come at me. I get it.

You're just jealous. You're one of these finger-wagging- Jealous? Jealous?

You're jealous.

You're a shrieking- you're a shrill shrieking shrew.

I don't think so.

And you're wagging your finger at me, because you can't handle how happy my life is.

I can handle it. It's just, I do my show, you should do your show. I don't know why the twain should meet.

I'm as happy as a marshmallow getting laid on top of a fire .

Yo.

Smack me down to some of those s'mores, mama.

So you want to eat s'mores that someone's penis has been inside of?

I don't need to eat s'mores. All I need is a graham cracker to sandwich what I already got.

I forgot what you're talking about.

A little dark, a little white. Ooh, smush that together.

Oh.

Maybe? Okay.

Interracial? Is that what you- Yeah, we're having a hard time following you. This whole s 'mores analogy is just not- I'm talking about my butthole!

Oh!

Wait, what's going on with your butthole?

I totally did not get that.

There's comb dripping down into it.

What?

Oh my gosh!

Wait, wait, hold on. Maria, what did you just say?

Trust me, you don't want to open metaphorical doors.

Oh yeah, because we'll- who's back there?

Right now.

Oh, is there someone back there right now? I can't see you.

Oh, you can't, I'm sitting here.

You're in the corner of the students.

Yeah.

She was a district attorney until she met me.

Now she doesn't clean up crimes, she cleans up my crimes.

Oh dear.

Oh goodness.

And I make a lot of messes, baby.

I know, I know, you're a sloppy sally.

You listened to me for a long time, didn't you, Maria?

Yeah, oh- Now you've heard my voice change utterly.

When I was much younger it used to sound like, I used to sound like this!

You know what I'm talking about? Way up there!

Telling them I got a program.

And then years of hatred Yeah, just a little bit more.

have caused an elastic effect.

Yeah, well- Where I'm a mere husk of a voter.

Have you ever listened to Adam Carolla?

Blah, blah, blah.

Because his voice is very high, which is always funny because he always says how a women's voice, if your voice is high, that's the age at which you were molested.

Oh dear.

And his voice is quite high for a man.

Well, interesting.

Have you ever turned that back on him?

I have not, and that was something I think I'll keep to myself because I don't like, I just like to say things behind people's patents.

Yeah, just keep it to yourself. There's no reason for that to go out there on any podcast.

That's not right, I'm sorry.

If you ever need a back to tell secrets behind.

Oh!

Let me tell you baby, I've got an ample porkage.

You seem to have some sort of fascination with- How does your body work? I can't understand where everything is!

There's a system of buckets, there's pulleys, there's a buoyancy.

Yeah, because there's a number of systems.

There's a number of systems. Steam. There's a lot of steam.

You're wearing like a black t-shirt of some sort, but I can 't really tell- You can't see.

I can't tell how your body's put together.

You think those are sweat rings? Let me tell you something.

I hoped they weren't sweat rings.

Liquid petroleum.

Oh dear.

Oh boy.

I operate like a robot.

I said I'd humiliate.

Maria, have we gotten to everything in your career?

Everything's done.

Tom's next for a question. Please come up with anything else.

Well, I just, you know, I think it's important.

I only have a matter of time on this earth.

I text and drive. I also paint and drive.

I'm going to finish that watercolor, come what may.

And so I'm trying to tell people how much I love them.

Is that why you came on the show today?

Yeah, is that I love you guys and I know I don't always show it because I can't look in your eyes right now.

No, you're not.

That's weird.

What is that about? Look up here.

I can.

Up here. Hey, hey pal.

It's too much!

You know, Maria, when you have that kind of positive outlook towards humanity, and you really want to save the world and just shine love on it, let me tell you something.

When you give up all that dream and you come crawling back to papa with a bottle of tequila hanging around your neck, on all floors, wearing nothing but fluffy carpet.

Fluffy carpet?

The humiliation that you're going to experience is going to turn you on so much.

You're going to want to push the world away like it was a shitty dog.

When you say furry carpet, do you mean you're not into women shaving?

Oh, no, I want you to shave extra, but then put on a false one.

Wait, are you talking about like a Saint Bernard costume made from furry carpet?

I am pretty much talking about a Saint Bernard cartoon costume.

Okay.

Instead of any kind of brandy or almanac, I want tequila.

I want casadores.

All right. Well, Tom.

And you don't get any.

Can you handle that?

I can.

Why don't you share your bottle of tequila?

Like what's wrong? I mean, do you drink the whole bottle yourself?

I mean, come on, share it.

I never spent more than $40 on a woman.

But she brought you the tequila.

That's right.

You're not paying for it.

See, that's the way you cash in.

This is like it's 101.

Tips for men out there who want to get laid.

And they only pushed around a woman.

Tom, is your mom still alive?

My mother.

My mother is a monster.

Oh.

We've never talked about this.

My mother is institutionalized.

Really?

By whom?

Me. I made sure I put her away.

What kind of thing does she have or was it just?

She would not stop giving me advice.

Oh.

Yep, so I just put her away.

Pack, pack, bam.

Where is she?

Where?

She's in Sing Sing.

That's not where you put.

Yep, no, we had her transfer there from Bellevue.

So you had her arrested on trumped up charges?

Who says they're trumped up, baby?

I say she's crazy.

I'm Tom Lagas.

People listen.

Well, that's where the mentally ill are kept these days.

In prison.

Yep.

Yeah, that's true.

So you had an unhappy childhood.

How do you know I had an unhappy childhood?

I was great.

Is your father still alive?

Where is he?

My father is a convicted serial killer.

But he didn't kill you.

They made it work and their biggest mistake was staying married as long as they did.

So she knew he was a serial killer.

And she stayed with him.

She stayed with him.

Boy.

Who did he kill?

Yeah.

Priest, social workers.

This is bad.

We've never gone into your background.

This is fascinating.

You had a father who killed.

He had a fake shelter for people who just needed somewhere to stay.

Okay, and priests and social workers.

So priests needed places to stay.

Homeless priests.

Oh, the worst kind of priests.

Tom, what do you like to eat for breakfast?

What do I eat for breakfast?

Besides pussy.

I eat for breakfast.

What do I eat for breakfast?

Besides pussy.

I eat, well, it's.

I don't know if you do ever eat pussy.

I don't ever eat anything without pussy.

Oh, interesting.

I eat Cheerios and I don't use a bowl.

Let me put it that way.

Oh, God.

You don't need to put it anyway.

You don't need to give us this kind of detail.

Let me give you a picture of my breakfast.

Yeah.

Okay.

I got a girl with lipstick and high heels.

She's pouring Cheerios into another girl.

Do you know what I'm talking about?

Not too graphic.

There's a bee buzzing around, jacking himself off.

It's okay if he watches.

A bee?

Let me tell you, I dip into that bowl one by one.

One ring of delicious rolled oats after another.

I roll the oats and then I roll the bitches.

So you're saying the Cheerios bee is flying around.

It's a part of his complete breakfast, baby.

And she's upside down, so her entire vagina is filled with Cheerios.

Oh my gosh.

Have you ever done anything like that, Maria?

Oh my God.

I mean, I haven't, but there's no reason I wouldn't be...

Are you hungry?

If it were in a loving, committed relationship.

Let me tell you, it's low in calories.

It's good for your heart.

And if somebody has a heart like you, Maria, you're going to want to take care of it.

Why don't you come over for some munchies sometime?

You said something really sweet and then followed it up with an awful, awful request.

Tom, also...

Never spend more than $10 on a woman for breakfast.

Okay, $40 for dinner, $10.

So we're talking $25 for lunch or so?

Nope.

Lunch, lunch?

No, for lunch, you got to go.

Figure your own shit out.

So wait, you have women over for breakfast because they're staying all night?

$10 breakfast, but only if I've already bought it in bulk.

Okay, and then you kick them out.

Let me tell you, I love everything in bulk.

Now, Tom, you've lost a lot of weight.

Is it because of using a sponsor?

I know, I've been trying to find it.

That was an important part of my bulk.

Do you know what I'm talking about?

I noticed you've lost a lot of weight, but your body still doesn't look like it's lost weight because of the contortion.

The volume was there.

Yeah.

No, yes, there's parts of me that have washed away, but the frame is still that of a walrus.

That's because what I read about you, because I read up a little bit on you since the last time you were on the show with Amy Poehler.

And I have been known to get up on a mini rock from time to time.

What I read about you is that your frame and your shell is always the same.

You lose the weight, but it all just goes away.

It never makes you smaller.

Yeah, you won't have any idea.

Look at me right now and you'll have no idea how fat I am.

How much I weigh.

How much do you think I weigh right now?

I mean, you look like you're a 350 pound man.

350 pounds.

Rippling, you see the ripples.

Yeah.

You throw a pebble onto my stomach and it would ripple.

Is this sort of like a dragon kite where it's way lighter than you think it would be?

Yes.

Lift pick me up, Scott.

I'm going to come with him.

Okay, whatever.

I want to pick him up.

Oh.

I'm like, Oh, like a beach ball baby.

I'm bouncing you around the room.

It's crazy.

Whoa.

This is like we're at a concert.

Oh my God.

But how do you, how do you, whoa.

Oh yeah.

Sorry.

Bouncing back here.

Hold on.

I can turn myself heavy again.

Oh no.

Wow.

And then you just.

I'm all over you baby.

Turn light, turn light, please.

Oh, you're like a cumulus.

You want me to roll off of you?

This does remind me of the elephant seals I saw near Big Sur.

Tell me about those.

Let's talk about anything pleasant.

Sometimes people release me at baseball stickies.

Could you just float above us if you wanted to?

Are you, are you that light?

If I want to go to the right now, but I can easily look, I can press a button.

I can, I can.

So it's a button.

It's a matter of ballast.

Ballast and buoyance.

Is it a mechanical thing or is it like your belly button?

Well, it's a mechanical operation.

Bio, biomechanical.

I wonder, I love that radio speakers usually have sponsorship.

Are you saying, do you have a sponsor?

We do.

We have very many, we're about to take a break as a matter of fact.

Oh my gosh.

And I would love to hear who your current sponsor is.

Well, you can go to blow me up Tom.com.

We got inflatable dolls.

We're sponsored by Long John Silvers.

You can take a woman in there.

The bathrooms are quarter operated.

You know what I'm talking about?

Are those American made?

Those blow up dolls?

Blow up dolls, they're made in America, but then they're humiliated at Mexico and then brought back.

And if you're interested, you can also, one of my sponsors is wife stop.com.

If you really need to stop your wife, go to wife stop.com.

What is it?

Is that some sort of execution, like murder for hire situation?

Look, it's a website.

I can't tell you what we do.

Okay.

All right.

Are there any discounts on that?

Wifestop.com?

Yeah.

If you put in a, you know, a password or something like, can we get as listeners?

Promo code?

Yeah.

I need a new mom for my kids.

All one word, capital letters.

Lowercase doesn't work.

Oh, that's a good deal.

That is a good deal.

Cool up.

All right, guys, let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Berea, Berea Bam, I'm talking like you all of a sudden.

Berea Bamford.

Hey, Berea, have you ever been wrapped up in burrito for, for a Berea Burrito?

I do like being wrapped up in like a burrito around my meat and cheeses.

Swaddled you to.

Swaddled an avocado.

Coming up after this, we'll have more Berea Bamford.

Wait a minute.

Hopefully time will be gone.

It'll just be me.

There's no way to stop it.

It started.

Berea Bamford.

I've become, I've become another Tom.

Blow me up, Tom.

Blow me up, blow me up, blow me up, blow me up, blow me up, blow me up, blow me up, blow me up, blow me up.

You got it.

Do you care?

I don't care.

We'll be right back with Company Bang Bang Show.

Company Bang Bang, we're back.

We are back, baby.

We are back.

Not only are we back we're back fat. Right before the break I turn into Tom.

Tom! Tom! Tom! Tom! Tom! Tom!

1-800-1-800-1-800-1-800.

1-800-1-800-1-800-1-800-1-800-1-800.

One of the best stand-up comedians for a woman. Maria backward.

Do you care? I do care. I do care. I know I don't always show that sometimes I send a friend I send her emojis when I know she has an Android phone and she can't get those emojis. Yes I'm sending her basketballs and you know all she sees are squares. Maria Blanford let me tell you something you will never know the unique joy of sending a woman an emoji that is a picture of you texting another woman while she's going down on you. That's the kind of emojis I 'm sending. You make your own emojis Tom. I do. Where are you? Oh you can create your own tiny emoji of wow that's wonderful. You can't we can't. Humiliatingemojis.com another sponsor of a TomLag is program. Gonna blow me up Tom. Blow me up Tom.

Tom. Blow me Tom.

Blow Tom. Tom blow Tom. I bought my own form of web address . Yeah your own internet. Yup. Your own. This bell is wearing off. My dark powers have worn off for the moment.

Where is? I will control you again. Where am I? I shall like control you again. Maria.

What are you doing here? Welcome to the Lycosphere. You're back. I haven't seen you in about a year since we did that podcast. Welcome home . Oh my god. He is a magical horror lad. You're not responsible for some of the things you did. Oh Tom is here too. The last time I saw both of you was together when we did that podcast a year ago back in 2013. Well we taped it in 2012. Are you insane?

I believe I might be insane. That's a great question. Do you want to be committed? No not I don't want to go to sing sing.

Or do you want to act out on your impulses one or the other baby? I'm sorry for whatever happened while I was out.

So Maria hi. Hey how's it going? It's great and Tom hello.

Yellow. Comedy Bang Bang we're back huh? Yeah. Yeah. Now what uh Comedy Bang Bang when first bang. Spit it out. Was it the first bang bang.

Was it first bang and then there's two two bangs. How did the name come to be? Not enough bangs we figured. Yeah. With just comedy bang. We thought that was boring you know. Yeah comedy bang. It is. If you get in there once you want to drill that same hole. Yeah. Drill baby drill. That's intimacy. Are you a Republican?

Let me put it this way. I don't care about babies getting aborted but I love my buddy. Okay so some sort of libertarian? I'm just some kind of asshole. Yeah. Maria it 's almost my favorite time of the year.

Oh Halloween. Thanksgiving to Christmas when I get to see you in commercials. Oh no. You're not doing those anymore?

No no no no no no no but that's very kind of you to think of that. I love doing those. Well you know. How many years were you were you the crazy lady? It was just three years on the target and it was a good run. Let me tell you you've been a target of mine for a lot longer than that. Tom I feel like you're very sweet you know like you know a lot of people. Focused in baby. Yeah because you have this rough exterior and seem misogynist and then. Look anybody who's a spokeswoman for a big-box store has got me hooked. Who else would that be?

Rosie O'Donnell? Wasn't she at Mervyn's or Walmart or something like that? Something like that sure. Would you ever be with someone like Rosie O'Donnell?

Mm-hmm. Well I'd be with her do you mean use her as a as an afghan? Do you mean as a polar bear on my floor? Oh boy.

Have you ever had. I hope you mean a rug. You're not keeping literally a polar bear. I keep a live trained polar bear on my floor. He likes secondhand pussy juice.

Oh my god. You talk about sex so much I almost think that you never have. Yeah how much sex do you actually have?

Wait a minute you're telling me that someone who's constantly talking about sex probably doesn't get laid.

That sounds like someone who has issues. You are not comfortable with your sexuality because you're getting older.

Oh no. And you're clinging to this man that you keep talking about. I just bought three books about how to make love in from your 50s all the way to your 90s. So wait you 're just like going seven years in the future? I'm getting ready. What it is about is about unglints and salves and j ellies and jams.

It's about allowing yourself to take whatever things you need because your body you know can't create certain secret ions. Oh okay. Are you talking about saliva? Saliva as well and making it easy for everyone because sometimes you start off if you know your back goes out. Sure. But you still want to have pleasures.

Yeah you're not there yet though you're a young vibrant woman. No but I like to prepare for the future. I have a subscription in the mail I just haven't worked out yet but I read it at my therapist office AARP. I love reading about the whole paper. The American Association of Retired Persons.

Have you ever thought about retiring Tom? Let me tell you I 've retired a few racks. No but you've retired not voluntarily a few times. I've retired a few people. I've put a few bitches out of a business. No no I mean you're not talking about dating. Let me put it this way I've slammed some cooter and then shut the door. No please we're talking about work you've been fired for many jobs.

What I'm talking about is that I've dipped into the magical scepter and then I've closed the curtains. You've dipped into the scepter? Who are you porking? That's what I want to know. I'm married everything's fine. Gross.

I really think it's good to always have sex as much as you can. You're very comfortable with your sexuality. How much business are you getting? I'm not getting that much. Not a ton of business because I am older. Like twice a day.

Yeah I was talking to this lady who was like oh I have to have it twice a day and I you know. Who's this lady? Bobby Oliver she says it on stage. Wait a second two ladies at once two horny women. Has it had a conversation? Yeah. Two women talking and they immediately start going out. In their mid forties.

I get laid all the time to answer your question. Oh and how does that usually happen? I insult women on the air and then I open the door to leave and there's a carpet of women begging for me. I don't know. Are you saying that my perception my story of the women in my life doesn't match up with your experience with the way women are in real life ?

The way you talk about sex and relationships sounds a little bit like science fiction or some sort of like fantasy sports league. Let me tell you. It's like we're talking about the ice planet of Hoth. Women like to feel misery. They love it. When you provide them with that feeling they can't get anywhere else.

Maria is that your experience? Let me see. I mean I do have a lot of misery within me that could be an act. But you're looking for a relationship for someone to alleviate that.

Break that to the surface baby. I'll pop that purple.

What do you like better in a relationship? Do you like fun or do you like comfort? Or do you like getting slammed down Burger King style? Is that where you just shout out Burger King? Have it your way? No that means I put patties on both sides of you and then we just go at it.

You have to calm it down. This show is not... He puts the meat between your buns. You put the meat between the buns.

That's what he speaks. You put the cheese under the lettuce . No pickles. Look you gotta calm it down. This is not... I mean we've talked about sex more this show than the entire ... It's not a family program certainly but I mean we never talk about sex. Unless Jason Manzoukas is on we're talking about watching you know Ice Star. I'm very comfortable with my body. I'm very comfortable with my whole heart. I wish you were not so comfortable.

I'm very comfortable with how much I have sexual relations with women of the human species. By the way during the break you've taken off all of your clothes. You're floating three feet off the air. Yes. Don't I look like a Buddha but instead of enlightened I look in heaven. You look like a maze. Like one of those mazes in like Jack and Jill magazine. You know it's just like all of your body parts kind of like twisting around. Oh and your skin has cup holders. Yes it does. I had those those weren't surgically installed. I learned to cup my fat.

Just evolution. Yes you can do kegel exercises but with all parts of your body so that they form natural cup holders.

Oh my God. Answer the question though Marie. Do you like fun or comfort more? Oh my gosh. You like going out there and like you like spending time with a person and going out and having a ton of fun or do you like when you get back home and it's like hey baby I've had a hard day.

I don't I mean because it is fun to do stuff like last night we went to this thing was like about records and we 'll listen to listen to a bunch of music. It was about this new book. Enjoy the experience. It's all about record collecting. That was real fun. And then we went to the grocery store grocery shop. Did you walk three steps behind your man. He did abandon me at one point. What did he do.

He had some fun. He went to go get brownie bites. What.

Yeah. Son of a bitch.

Yeah. A little tub of brownie bites. Marie I would never leave you to get brownie bites. There's nothing so sed uctive as a woman who's been abandoned who's taken you back.

It's two trees right. Two trees. Who's that poet. Two trees in a wood. Two trees fell in a wood. Let me tell you they were hoardy babies. Come on Tom. Marie is trying to talk about her. You want to come on where. I don't want to come on Tom. No.

So you like having fun. You like going out there. I like having fun. But I am. I like to sit around. But it's so hot . I don't have central air. Oh that's right. We didn't do the weather report. It's hot. Thank you. It is a hundred and a thousand degrees. Yeah. And so it's hotter than the temperature at which paper burns. Yes. Fahrenheit 451.

It's too hot so you got to go someplace. You got to sit at the AMPM and keep refilling your 36 ounce. Nothing on that.

36 ounce. Tom's gross. Suddenly solitary and silent. Tom is like shut down almost. There's nothing behind his eyes.

There's no pupils. I'm just meditating. Oh my gosh that's wonderful.

I meditate every day. I center myself. What kind of meditation is it? Yogic or mindfulness? Well I do. Let me put it this way. I do transcendental meditation. TM. Yeah.

Wow. TMI. I center myself. I think of my chi. And I think of how much, how many buns have bounced on my belly. Right where my chi is. Is that your jade stem?

I imagine all my chakras. I picture myself neck deep in a bucket of supernatural pussy. Who is grosser to listen to on this show? You or Meryl Schindler? We have a guest on. M eryl Schindler's a great friend of mine. Wait you know Meryl Schindler? Yes. Come to think of it you have a similar like kind of. I don't know who Meryl Schindler is. He's a food critic for, where's he a food critic? Well he's a food critic wherever I, he shuffles around.

Various radio stations in Los Angeles. Wait you're starting to sound a little like him actually. What about what about time? You're saying that by meditating I can simply transform myself into food critic? Well all I would need to do is have a little bit of a gulp. Oh my god he's turned into Meryl Schindler. Well I don't know what to think of what. Thank god a respite from the sex talk now let's hear about gross food.

Ooooh. Hi. What are you eating lately Meryl? Well I haven't been here in a long time. I'm not even physically here. How is this happening? I started meditating and now I'm suddenly back in Los Angeles. He's channeling you somehow but welcome. Welcome to the show. I've been on vacation in the sandwich islands and it's been wonderful. Before that I had a little bit of a mishap. What happened Meryl? Well I was in the hospital. It was fine. I was in a Mayo Clinic.

Oh so you were alright.

I was just slathin' and eggy goodness. You gotta come join me in the sandwich islands sometime it's a die for. Oh I would love, by the way this is Maria Bamford a comedian of note. Hi I can't see you because I'm not in the room but I can feel your chakras. Now what's the easiest thing to make as a cook? Because I don't like cooking. Make? I would make I only eat. Somebody else makes it I foot push in my face.

Oh that's what I want. Let me tell you the greatest scam in the world is make a food critic.

Because all you go places you say that it's buttery, it's tender, it's vinegary, it's strawberry-ish and they keep pushing food into your face. And sometimes it falls down your throat and sticks there and you get to have some later on. That's right you have pockets in your throat. I've got like a kangaroo's pouch. I've got a lamb kebab skewer right there wrapped in bacon just waiting for later tonight that I couldn't finish. What do you eat on the sandwich islands?

Well everything's a little bit salty there. It's right by the ocean. Everything's kind of fishy, briny with a little pickle taste to it. Buttery? Yeah. Well there's absolutely no butter involved at all. But it is buttery. The fish there from what I hear are just so juicy that it tastes buttery without there being any butter.

Well that's right. It's like a sea bass. It's like a fishy sea bassy buttery bass. Have you ever been, oh I have, you know what I'm doing some charity work? I opened a sheltered for beer battered shrimp. It's right here in my mouth.

Yeah. You're delightful though. I prefer this to Tom. Just reach out and tickle. I'd be tickling Tom but okay. No but see you can tell. Well I got you. No! No! No! Meryl's gone.

You just got Tom gassed. You just got. What happened? How could he do that?

Oh I think he's on this. Tom is, I'm chitling Tom at the same time at the sandwich islands and he's raping a cupcake . Oh my god. Now what's the best place to eat when you're at the Delta terminal at LAX? Oh great question. The Delta terminal at LAX?

Well you know there's a wonderful, you could go down there 's a Wolfgang Puck. If you want to have, if you want to have a gourmet dog food go to Wolfgang Puck. Look it might as well be Campbell's. It's Campbell's except they put a little bit of oregano in it. It's Campbell's dog food snot out of the can and they put a little bit of oregano in it.

Bam they put it on a plate. Boom.

Bam and boom. Bam boom. Are you allowed to say bam because that's Emeril's thing.

If I'm going to be sued I'm going to plead no contest I want to eat. No lo contendere. No lo contendere. Mmm. Well I love having you here. Can you stay the whole time and Tom never come back? Is that possible?

Well let me ask him. No don't. Don't wake him up. No.

Yes. What's your question? I want to go to LAX. I want to know. Is it $40 or less?

Oh no. No he's coming back. Goodbye Meryl we love you. It's the worst of all worlds. What? I'm Meryl Ikes. Oh not Meryl Ikes. I've got a boner and I've got strawberries on my fucking dick.

Oh no. Look we have to take another break. How are we going to deal with Meryl Ikes? Break off a piece of that Kit Kat bug. Oh god. Alright we'll be right back with more Maria Bamford. More I guess Meryl Ikes. Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang we're back with Maria Bamford and during the break Tom Ikes who had been floating three feet above the ground engaged in some sort of transcendental meditation had been channeling Meryl Schindler our old friend the food critic and now they seem to have combined into some sort of hybrid cyborg.

Well it's fine because we separated ourselves just enough.

Oh okay. Yes like butter separates from chocolate when it's in liquid form.

And now they have two separate personalities. Barely different. We're like an odd couple. You know but they match. In some ways they are you know I think they would get along. You know because Tom says what he means and M eryl you know is really easy going.

They both like eating things. They both like sticking things in their mouth. They both have weird pockets in their body that save up things. I got a cup holder. And I 've got a little sort of like a take out tray.

And you know food is a food critic. I mean you talk so much about food. It's like Tom talking so much about sex. But you do eat a lot of food. I eat a lot of food and I eat a lot of women.

We know. Meryl do you eat in bed a lot? Do you eat while you have sex? Sex? I've never had sex. What? No I have a daughter or something but I don't know where she came from.

What was your family life like Meryl? We learned earlier some shocking news about Tom's family.

Oh it's fine. When you get to hang out with him you realize the troubles he came through. Yeah. But what was your home life? Nobody understands me like Meryl Schindler. We met at KFI years ago. That's right! KFI Los Angeles.

Did you guys do the night shift where they would interview a woman who were in porn? I lived in the night. I lived at the station overnight. And I would wake up and Schindler would come in and I would eat off of his food tray.

I don't travel by car or bicycle. I get around the city in a dim sum cart. So when I show up Tom totally he took a liking to me. He took a liking to me. Did he just stow away underneath a dim sum cart and wherever it goes?

It's a little motor powered dim sum stuff. I can take gasoline from a car. It takes like a lawnmower gasoline. Oh my gosh. It goes all over the city just fancy shoving key lime into my...

Does your family miss you because you're out of town so much? Going to restaurants and your daughter and your wife?

I bring them along as much as I can. I get a lot of food for free. They're always welcome to join me. What?

I love just eating anything. Look, do you want to go have something nice? Yes, I would love to eat someplace good.

What's good in your house? What are you looking for in the Palet's hole? I love salads. Salads? Look, you want to go down to Porky's.

It's a southern barbecue. They specialize in collard greens with bacon. They specialize in pork sandwiches of all kinds . Pulled pork, pushed pork, pushed down the stairs pork, and abused kick to the face pork.

Jerk chicken, jerk ground chicken, pulled by leg chicken.

But the best thing is if they have an off meat you have a salad. And guess what? There's no lettuce. It's just shredded pork skin that looks like lettuce.

Where is this by the way? Where is it? Redondo beach or something. It's underwater between Redondo and Catalina. Is it part of the lost continent of Atlantis? Yeah, you have to be in one of the Catalina whale watching fairies as it goes down. It just thinks, I've done that for fun.

Yeah, that's what most people do for fun. Let me tell you, when Lycus rids a boat and goes out to Catalina, the whales watch me. Tom, what is your favorite restaurant? To take a lady to? Besides Long John Silver.

I'll tell you, I take a lady, look, if there is a run down Taco Bell that lost its franchise, I'll take her there. If they still got that bell dang it on the top but they don't have the menu in the bottom, boy oh boy. Ding dong.

Alright guys, well, yes. You know what I'm talking about. I do. So is there anyone else in there that we can talk to?

Are you bored? No, I'm not bored with that. It just pops in my head that somehow, Merrill, you reside within Tom's head .

I was wondering if there's a little bit, we can switch places from time to time all around the world. Right, right . It's an easy way to travel through time. The sooner the people realize you don't have to bodily travel to face the time, you can do it through your mind, the faster we're going to evolve to the next phase.

It's like the internet, you know, like these documents we read on the internet aren't physically traveling. No, it's the ideas. It's all information. It's really the energy, when you get down to it, it's fascinating because the universe is just energy. Well, we're all made up of electricity.

You know what I mean? The same way that information is traveled through electricity to our devices. So why can't we be transferred, right? The same way that a convection oven would just bake that creme brulee just perfectly.

Exactly. And then an electrical baster would just put it on fire and suddenly you got a face full of shit. I don't know if that metaphor is really traveling. But is there anyone else in there with you?

Well, can we talk to anyone in there? Well, let's find out.

Oh my God. He's going into another trance. His pupils have disappeared. Everybody's busy. Oh, everyone's busy.

What are they on? Scarborough country? They're on school.

They're just all busy. Oh, that's too bad. You know, I've never been on that show. I hate those assholes. Yeah, I get it. I've been on. Let me tell you, get laid. Do really if you're on Scarborough, you're getting laid for weeks.

Because it's a sports show. Women love sports. Women love not understanding sports. Women love to bring you booze while you're watching the Broncos. It seems like in a lot of commercials lately, there's a lot of like women in beer commercials who are into sports now of like, yeah, they like sports just as much as their husbands.

Yeah, because there's no funding for women's sports in the schools. Right. Because I didn't remember ever having sports as a kid. I'm not, I'm not here to do jokes now. Now I'm just here to advocate for.

Yeah, what programs would you like to see returning?

Let me give you my take it on a bamf. Yeah.

Here's my idea of title vibe. Okay. Women should be allowed to play any kind of sports as long as they're showing it off. Showing off the goods. I want women on the football team. But you know what? I want them to be the goalposts.

You're telling me I'm not scoring some touchdowns if I see a woman contorting herself at the back of the insult?

Do you run?

Do I run? I haven't ran since the police were after me 30 years ago.

What were they after you for?

I'm gonna call it aggravated battery.

Was this part of your parents' whole career?

No, I just got angry at a radio shack.

Yeah. Oh, I get it.

I would give myself a high five on that, but I can't reach for it.

Well, guys, I think there's just one last thing to do here on the show, and it's time for a little something that we call Plugs.

We've come to the end of yet another comedy bang bang show, and that means there's only one thing left for us to do. Pl ugs!

Before we say goodbye to our guests or two, who came along today and did this thing for you, they kinda got a lot of projects so the least you could do is check them out.

www dot and then whatever they say, is it a book or a play?

Maybe a movie or a pilot on the way? Whatever it is, if you enjoyed them on the bang bang today, then get your ass up and help support comedy.

That was good! That was Before We Say Goodbye or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Plugs by Aaron Mason.

Aaron, thank you so much for that. Professional grade.

Maria, what do you think of that? You love music, you were just talking about buying a book about collecting records.

Yes, yes.

Which I didn't quite understand.

Yeah, no, it's about found records, records that are vanity labels. Oh, okay. Where it's people who only put out records. Yeah, they only put out a few of them at a time.

And some of them are really wonderful.

Yeah, I think Neil Hamburger collects those.

Yes, he is. And I don't know very much, my boyfriend is a collector. Oh, really? What does he collect? He collects records. Really? I don't know very much about him. I just love him.

Yeah, you show up and you smile and look pretty.

And I just go, that sounds interesting. Oh, what's that? Oh , yeah.

I think it's great in a relationship where you don't share interests. You know what I mean? You show up and go, oh, the record thing, that's interesting. And then he comes to ...

Whatever.

What are your interests aside from comedy?

I like going to my local coffee shop with my dogs. I like community building. What that means is I say hi to everyone in my neighborhood, even if it's awkward or weird or my face isn't doing the right thing.

There's some drug dealers in my neighborhood that seem...

Those are the friendliest people, actually, who always say hello. Now that means that's because they're there all the time, 24 hours, sitting on an abandoned couch.

But, yeah, I like that.

Any hobbies?

Hobbies. I did take art classes for a while, so I was painting a lot of pictures of my dogs. That was pretty great.

Do you keep them? Are they hanging up?

I give them to people who are needy.

Good. They would appreciate a picture of you.

Yeah. Some people have nothing. And what they need is a poorly articulated acrylic portrait.

Does it look like your dog at all?

Yeah, and that's what's... I mean, it's all about connecting spiritually with my dogs, because you stare at them long enough and you feel relaxed. Now, what else do I do? I think I just like hanging out with my friends, and we go to the beach every Sunday.

You're a beach bunny.

Yeah, drive down to the long beach and go swimmies in the swim tank, the ocean.

And uh...

Big swim tank.

Who are these friends that you go with?

Do you bathe nude?

Why yes, Tom.

Do you have a device that could lower a larger man into the swim tank?

Like at the Red Roof Inn.

Why would she own a device?

I ask if the city of Long Beach has one to provide.

She's taking shots at the dark. If you ever find that woman who has that device, will you stay with her?

I stay with her overnight. And I tell her a lot of promises that evaporate with a morning dew.

At every Hampton Inn, they have a special lowering thing into the pool.

I always stay at the Hampton Inn.

It's really nice.

But uh, yeah, I just hang out with my friends. My friends live nearby. I make friends with whoever's close.

So if you live in Marina Del Rey, it's probably not going to work out.

I do have one friend, an old friend who lives in Marina Del Rey.

And we meet in the middle, but she drives out to see me, so it's worked out real nice.

See, I think if you live outside of Hollywood, you should always come to Hollywood.

You know what I mean?

I think it's their responsibility to come where all the action is.

Okay.

You know what I mean?

I have friends down in Orange County and it's like, come to me.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There's more fun.

Yeah, it's more fun up here.

Even if you're just coming to my house and we're just hanging out, it's more fun.

It's more fun.

My house is too hot right now. Do you have central air?

I do, yeah. I have central. I have all around, 360.

I've got central, eastern, mountain, and Pacific standard, baby.

Tom, what kind of place do you live in? Do you live in a house or a condo?

I live in a villa, a villa, a villa.

Oh, a villa?

Yes. I live in a villa halfway up to Santa Barbara.

Oh.

I usually stay there ensconced in a large, oversized couch built for two.

Oxnard?

I sit in a love seat like it's my office chair.

Is it near the beach or more close to the strawberry?

It's close enough to the beach that the bitches find their way there, but it's far enough away that they can't get out at night.

What?

All right, Maria Bamf, the nightcrawler of comedy.

Yeah.

What do you have to plug? I know you have some upcoming dates.

I'll be in Portland on the 11th.

Helium, I believe.

Helium, and then...

The Neptune in Seattle on the 12th, I bet.

Neptune in Seattle on the 12th.

I also think that you're going to the JFL42 Festival in Toronto, September 25 through 28.

Yes! I'm going to go there, and it's going to be super fun, and that'll be in New York City in November.

Oh.

Going to be in Minneapolis November as well.

That's where you're from, isn't it?

That's where I'm from.

You can check out all my days at www.mariabamford.com back slash pound sign tour.html.

www.mariabamford.com.

That's right.

And you're one of...

I want to see your reaction to this again.

You're one of America's greatest stand-up comics living.

Wow! That is not...

You are.

Well, I think that is not true.

People got to know you on the Comedians of Comedy tour, and then since then, superstar!

Yeah.

That is...

Scott, I like her just the way she is.

Yeah, yeah.

Don't try to inflate that ego anymore.

Yeah.

People general...

What percentage...

No, no, you're just making fun of me, Scott.

No.

What percentage of people would you say leave saying, that was a great time?

Oh, it was pretty good.

Well, now I think because of the internet, the power of the internet, people get to see exactly what they want to see.

You know, the shows go a lot better.

They're not stumbling into a comedy theory going, okay, this is comedy generally.

Yeah, but I can bomb every night of the week, should I really do poorly.

I don't think...

You know, it's not liked by all.

So...

I am, you know, a certain niche market.

But people in that niche...

Oh, yeah, they're happy. They're pumped.

They're very happy.

They're very supportive.

I have a lot of...

Yeah, I'm very grateful for my career, Rio.

And I have an S-Corp.

Great.

Yeah.

What is it called?

Well, it's called Bamfuko, comma, incorporated.

And yeah, it's going good.

Some things are going good.

You have an S-Corp.

Oh, yeah. Oh, my God.

Everything's... It couldn't get better.

Do you have any room on the board of directors?

Yeah, their corporate offices are in Atlanta, so you'd have to move there.

Ooh, I'd have to move there?

Yeah.

Or maybe the mountain will come to...

All right, Tom.

Let's see, what do I want to plug?

Of course, I was talking about it before, the Comedy Bang Bang TV show this Friday, the musical episode.

Casey Wilson, Paul F. Tompkins, Tom Lennon, me and Reggie, all singing all the time.

You are going to enjoy that episode, I think.

So please watch that. Watch it live.

If you're a Nielsen family, you know what to do.

And the Comedy Bang Bang tour coming up very soon.

We are going to be out there starting on the 28th in L.A.

That date is sold out.

A lot of them are sold out at this point, but we've added shows.

The added show in New York is just about sold out.

We added a matinee in Boston, a Sunday matinee, a 4 p.m. matinee.

Go see us be crazy.

We added a second show in Washington, D.C.

That's me.

Paul F. Tompkins and the Birthday Boys out on the road.

Oh, that is going to be an incredible show.

Thank you, Maria.

Yeah, yeah.

And you can hear the podcast portion of that show if you go to earwolf.com slash store.

You can get those sent to you every single night or in the morning.

I don't know when they come out.

But in the morning, you'll wake up and there will be last night's show.

They're just sitting there waiting for you.

Oh, my God.

So go to earwolf.com slash store for that.

Okay, those are my plugs.

Tom slash Meryl, what do you got?

Well, let me tell you something.

I want to blow me up top dot com broad p-plodcasting 24-7.

We're looking for listeners.

If you're a listener out there, give it a shot.

A shot.

That was one of the big game of the plot.

Okay, good.

Yeah.

And for me, I'm not, my career's over.

I'm not doing anything.

I'm just cashing you.

I'm just looking for, I'm looking for anything salty, sort of buttery, maybe with a little, like a hint of vinegar or strawberry taste.

I think Tom has something for you that tastes like that.

Oh, I got a raspberry.

You want to dip down into my cold Meryl?

Blah, I thought nobody would have rasp.

Does it taste like sugar, pops?

And because Meryl is just in Tom's body, in his consciousness right now, one hand of Tom's is now shoved firmly up his rectum.

We are a two-headed monster.

We have the same body with two hands.

One of them's mine and the other one's mine.

This is the magic of meditation.

Sometimes you physically change your body.

All right, very good.

And if you wait a little, hold on a second.

I've got somebody, I'm not doing anything, but if you happen to be in Bloomington, Indiana.

Bloomington!

Or Montreal, Quebec, or Atlanta, Georgia, you can go see James Adobe.

That's how we met.

That's how I met Tom.

I like that guy.

He is a spectacular performer and artist, and it is an incredible show.

I think the two of you guys should go on tour together.

You should drive at least nine hours to go see him.

You know, if you're not part of the ego, oh, but I don't live in that state.

Oh, why'd you drive?

That would be too close.

Why don't you have a fun road trip?

Yeah, road trip!

Yeah.

What about Maria Bamford, James Adobe, and tour?

Oh, I'd like to see that.

Well, here's the thing.

I'm an older lady, and I don't really do tours anymore.

I just go out like two times a month.

I do two times a month, and then I go home and I sit with my dogs.

I understand.

But I have a lot of merch.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

I want my chance to get out.

Wait.

Wait, I've been waiting.

Hold on, turn off the plug bag.

Turn off the plug bag.

What is happening?

I was almost out, you idiot.

Oh my god, it's Jessie the Mind, Body, and Soul Ventura.

I was stuck in the plug bag last time.

I've seen the ends of the universe.

Oh my, I'm sorry, I locked you in the plug bag a few months ago.

Somebody let me out!

Let him out, let him out.

Open the plug bag again.

No, no, that's close!

There's that endless number of events happening!

Oh, we locked him in the plug bag.

Oh well, we'll get him out next week, I'm sure.

Yeah, he'll be fine.

Yeah, OK.

Well, that's been it.

Maria, thank you so much for dropping by.

Thank you for having me.

I really had a wonderful time.

You're one of my faves.

And, uh, Tom?

I just came mayonnaise.

And I loved every bubble of them.

Alright, we'll see you next week.

Thanks, bye.

Earwolff!

This has been an Earwolff Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolff.com.

Earwolff Radio, boom.com.

Ooh, ooh, ooh.

Eeeeek!

The wolf dead.
