The sixth season of Parks and Recreation comes out this Thursday, and we have the star of that program, Amy Poehler , returning to Comedy Bang Bang once again.

Plus we have a brand new visitor from, uh, north of the border!

All of that plus fan favorite, Neil Campbell. All of that and more all on today's...

♫ You win some, you dim some at the Hawaiian Gardens bingo room. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Uh, yep. That is a catchphrase, certainly.

Uh, thank you to Donovan Tripp for that catchphrase. You win some, you dim some, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Hollywood days, certainly.

Okay, Comedy Bang Bang weather report, uh, pretty hot today .

Um, so hope that helps.

Whenever you listen to this. And, uh, what else is in the news? Let's see. What else do we got?

What else do we do on this show? I do want to say hello to my co-host today. You know him.

He's been a fan favorite on the show this year, Neil Campbell. Welcome to the show.

Why, hello! Hi! Hi, everyone.

We bought an applause track. And, uh...

What's going on, Neil?

Oh, you know, I just...

Hollywood days.

Hollywood days. Um, New York nights.

Of course, yeah. Probably at this point.

Yeah. Uh, well, not a lot's going on. I've been driving my car a lot.

So, let's get to our guest.

Uh, you know her. She comes around here every year around this time. Day after the Emmys.

It's tradition. We're gonna talk about her surprising appearance on the Emmys.

Uh, you know her as...

number one on the call sheet.

On Parks and Recreation.

Camera one?

Maybe? Yep.

Uh, Parks and Recreation... I'm nervous to talk before I'm introduced.

Please don't. Am I allowed? No, you are not.

You shall be punished for that outburst.

Um, Parks and Recreation comes on for its sixth season this Thursday. Uh, probably sometime in the 8 or 830 or 9 or 930.

It doesn't matter. Okay.

Just block out your evening. Yep.

You know? Cancel all plans.

Uh, and, uh, her name is Amy Poehler. Welcome back to the show.

Thank you for having me. There's the applause machine.

Very, very excited to be here.

Thank you, everyone. That was a good investment.

Yeah.

Your applause machine is just, uh, like all these mechanical hands.

It's actually huge. It's not a little box that has the sound of recorded applause.

It actually is.

It's as big as a refrigerator and it's for mechanical hands .

And it's not automatic. That's the other thing.

I have to crank it every single time that we do this.

And sometimes when you crank it, it's like, uh, it's conce ited because it seems like you think you're going to get applause.

Yeah, let me do it really slowly here.

Speed it up a little bit. Oh, no.

Oh, no. It's out of control. It's out of control.

That was me making the sound of an explosion meeting.

I'm very excited. Um, welcome back to the show, Neil.

Oh, shit. Uh, Amy, uh, let's talk about it.

The Emmys were last night. This is coming out at midnight.

Yeah.

Uh, probably just wrapping up. You just left the governor's ball.

Mm-hmm. I just, I just, I'm just coming in for that.

And I got to tell you, there's so many new fashion trends this year.

Oh, my gosh. What colors are in? What colors are out?

Well, last year it was, it was really about, from what I read, clean skin, long legs, and just symmetrical faces.

And this year, this year it was all about just dirty mouths , like smudged, smudged mouths.

Yeah. And crossed eyes.

Yeah. And tongues akimbo.

And tongues akimbo. And a lot of lying down, which we don't see a lot of on carpet.

So people were just lying down and like, pushed in on skate boards, I was looking at.

Yeah, it was a lot of prone fashion this year.

Just really beautiful poses on settees and stuff.

I noticed a lot of the actresses, uh, they weren't even dressed.

They just went into shops and laid down and people threw garbage on them.

Yeah. The new thing is to just act like you're a bed at a party and everybody just throws their coat on you.

Their coats, of course, and their keys, some of their car keys get lost on you.

Cell phones.

It was just so, there was so many cool things about the Em mys this year.

Like, I just thought it was great how everybody won.

You know, everyone who had been nominated won.

Yeah, that's great.

That was fun. And, uh, and, and, uh, and I loved, uh, the In Memoriam.

Oh, the In Memoriam was my favorite one.

Some big ones this year. Some big names.

Big names this year.

Big entire cast of Gunsmoke.

Everyone.

Mm-hmm. Everyone from Law and Order.

Yeah.

SVU.

I mean, crazy.

Crazy.

I mean, I...

That's an insane accident.

I blame the Ice Team.

And it wasn't, they weren't together. That's what's weird.

No.

It was like a Rube Goldberg kind of thing.

Yeah.

Just, it bounced all around.

Well, at home it was insane.

I mean, actually, scientists will be studying it for years because they all died from that terrible black blood coughing disease, which is so weird to transfer.

And how do you feel about your category and what happened in it?

Thanks for asking. I feel, I feel okay? Question mark?

Yeah.

You know? I feel like some of the things that I said were a little misconstrued.

Mm-hmm.

And I feel like maybe things shouldn't have gotten so physical.

Yeah. Now I know. That was weird what happened between all the nominees.

Mm-hmm.

Just that orgy that broke out.

Yeah.

Really.

Yeah. Because I like my sex to be very mental.

Yes, of course.

With no touching.

I think George Michael once put it, sex is best when it's one-on-one.

And he was a gentleman that I truly believed was straight when I was...

So did I, until I saw him personally.

Mm.

I saw him personally in 1994 at a party, and I truly believed he was straight, and then I saw him in person and I went, oh, he's gay.

It was just like a light went off in my head.

I truly believed.

Yeah. It was fantastic. Remember that period of the 80s and early 90s when every song that was about sex had to have some sort of condom reference or just do it with one person?

TLC, Lisa Left Eye had to have a condom on her glasses.

Right. And then LL Cool J and Doing It, Doing It, Doing It Right had to be like, are you my lover? You wear a rubber? Who cares?

Well, because we grew up in the time we all thought we were going to die of AIDS.

And it might happen still.

Yeah.

And it was like that, and it was a whole idea of like, that was sexy. It was like, I'm going to take care of you by...

Not transmitting like gross disease into you.

I don't know about the kids these days, though. Do they use condoms? I don't know.

I don't know. Who knows?

Your audience should let us know.

Yeah. Call in if you can right now. We'd love to take some calls.

This is Love Line, right?

Yeah, it is. Of course. What types of condoms are you wearing? What sizes? And Amy, we have to, and Neil, back me up on this, we have to talk about Parks and Recreation this year.

We have to.

Okay.

I have to back them up here.

Thanks, Neil.

Here we come.

Thanks, Neil. Season six, you have a lot of changes going on. It's tumultuous at this point.

That's right.

Some ups, some downs. Things are sideways.

Always.

You know? You have Rashida and Rob leaving after 13 episodes. Are you going to go with them?

I'm going to, well, I'm chaining Rashida to her bed like misery, and I'm not going to allow her to leave. And Rob, I've already written off.

Yeah, he's fine.

Yeah, I can barely speak to anymore.

I think you should just go with them. Just be like, you know what? See you later, Parks and Rec. Vroom, vroom. Car keys screech. Pull into the left lane. Apply the brake.

I think I had pitched that Jerry- A little bit slower.

Jerry comes in and just shoots them like those characters from Lost.

Oh, yeah.

Just kills them.

Wait, which characters from Lost?

Remember this- Claudio and- Yeah, the- And just buries them alive?

They got- No, well, I've only watched a few episodes. I have seasons of Lost.

Oh, okay. You've only seen the last two episodes?

The only two episodes. I've only seen the first and last episode of Lost.

It's very cyclical.

I was just like, oh, it makes perfect sense.

Begins and ends on the high.

Yep. Michelle Rodriguez. Remember Michelle Rodriguez?

Who are Rodriguez?

Walsdag shot them all, right?

Oh, yeah. That's right. Spoiler alert.

Yeah. Sorry.

Yep. Sorry- How long do you- how long is it before you- it's not a spoiler alert?

Till death.

As Brett Garrett once said.

Do this.

Do you think he ever actually said that?

Mm-hmm.

I don't know. I hope he did.

Did he ever, I guess- I hope he said it- He must have said the title of his show.

I hope he said it, someone laughed, and someone said, that 's a show.

At his wedding.

Garrett, you've done it again.

Hey, that's a show!

That's a show!

He went, yeah, you know what? You're right.

It's weird that he doesn't talk like that in real life, isn 't it?

No, he does now, for me, forever in my head.

So Parks and Rec, you have Adam Scott. You got married on the show last year.

That's right.

Is this the season-long arc of the divorce, or what?

Yeah, that's right. It's going to be the slow, slow and painful divorce.

Just a real- just a lot of us misunderstanding each other.

Sure.

We're going to have an emotional affair.

Because you guys got married too soon, in my opinion.

Of course.

I prefer a longer courtship.

Yep, we're going to argue about money.

One of us is going to let ourselves go.

Which one of you- because you look great.

Thank you, thank you.

Is it Adam, really?

It is Adam, that's the way.

He gains 40 pounds this season, I heard.

His character gains it all in his ass.

Mm-hmm.

And it's- yeah. No, this season, Leslie Knope, the character that I play, Who's that?

Is going to have to fight to keep her job.

She might get kicked out.

Oh!

I hope she gets kicked out!

Do you?

Yeah, I kind of hope she does too.

It might be fun, but.

Yeah, so they might kick her out because she's done a lot of stuff.

And people don't like change.

Okay, so on the season premiere- Thank you for saying it right.

You're welcome.

This Thursday, what can we expect from Parks and Rec this Thursday?

Tell us the plot of this episode- I have no idea because- With act breaks, if you could.

Okay, so we open on a dusty field.

What is the aspect ratio at this point?

Oh, we're in 1215, but what's so beautiful about shooting on these new reds is you can download instantly.

So the whole thing is uploaded immediately.

Oh yeah, and just get it right to the editors.

Your download upload switch is just X5, so you can X4 the whole time.

Fantastic.

So you just switch into Dolby Digital and suddenly you're analog dependent, which is better for synchronizing your residual stuff.

Okay.

So you get your residuals faster.

Immediately, really?

The minute that you shoot a scene, you get residuals from it?

That's nice.

And we're using an alien cam this year, which is just a camera that you point at people to see if they're aliens.

See, if they're aliens, much like the glasses in They Live.

That's right.

John Carpenter's They Live with Roddy Piper, I believe.

Yes. You don't have to believe it.

Take it on faith.

It's like, you know, George Michael once said, take it on faith.

You gotta take it on faith, the faith, the faith. You gotta take it on the cast of They Live. Take it on faith.

Do you guys remember the Freedom video George Michael did in all those Supermodels in the bathtub and Cindy in the bathtub?

Yeah. What do you think?

I loved it.

Yeah.

Did you have aspirations of being a supermodel?

I did.

Yeah.

But I got hurt early. I hurt my vagina bone, so I couldn't fuck as many guys.

Oh, no. You couldn't fuck as much as you needed to?

Yeah. I couldn't fuck like slimy model agents.

Oh, that is heartbreaking.

Yeah, I know. So I pulled my vagina bone. I bruised it in a horse accident.

A horse's dick?

A horse's dick.

Oh, no.

I bruised it on a horse's dick.

And so I was out of modeling for a while, for a while. And then I'm back in.

Getting back into it now with that Emmy situation.

I'm going to be, I'm going to, I'm really interested in doing like the over 40, like kind of gray-haired, like tw inkly-eyed yogurt stuff.

Just letting your roots grow out.

Just barefoot and real nice pedicure.

Tell me about other show business ventures you have going on.

Oh, sure. Let's see. I've got a lot of great stuff happening. Do you guys like reality shows?

I love them. Yeah. My favorite type of reality show.

Great. So I'm going to do a couple of those. Just, I'm just going to do a reality show about talking about it and how great it is.

Yeah. Okay. Just all the interviews?

Yeah. Just me talking about the different shows that I'm watching.

Oh, okay. Cool. I would love to see one based on your family, just called like polar opposites or something like that.

That's a great idea.

You know what I mean?

That's a great idea.

Yeah.

The polar ice caps or...

Polar ice caps is another great idea, you know, where you 're stranded out there on the ice caps.

You have to get home within 24 hours. You're naked.

Naked. I've heard about that shit. Naked and insane.

You have 12 wallets, but you're naked.

Yep.

You know?

Each wallet has a key to a chest that's buried under the ice.

Yeah. No shovel. Just do it with your hands.

Yeah. I mean, that's the kind of stuff, I mean, it's where I feel like I want to go next.

Yeah. I mean, you've got to branch out, you know? Parks and Rec is good.

Thank you.

But good is the enemy of great. And I think what you need to do...

Oh, that's so, so disgusting.

Now, you're teaching a workshop, right?

Oh, of course.

Teaching a good workshop.

How to diversify.

Yeah.

Yeah. I only teach top tier Hollywood talent.

Oh, like whom?

Well, you know, like Rob Lowe, your mortal enemy. I told him, you know, you got to get in there and, you know, like move on from the scandals, you know, back in the 80s.

Smart.

You know what I mean? And it took him 20 years to do it, but he's finally there.

Smart.

Yeah, it is smart. I mean, I'm really smart. And thank you for saying that.

It says that on your business card. You handed me.

Yeah, it just says smart on it. It doesn't have my name on it.

Smart.

Which some people say isn't smart, but you know, what are you going to do?

You have a movie coming out.

I do. Do I?

I don't know. You did one with Zach.

I did one with Zach. Yeah, that's hopefully coming out. It 's going to a festival, which I feel like means it should come out.

Like Lollapalooza?

It's going to Lollapalooza. It's going to be Red Hot Chili Peppers, this movie. And I think weirdly like Pavement coming back.

Wow. Coming back again just to play Lollapalooza.

Yeah. No, it's called You Are Here. And I play Zach's sister. And Zach Galifianakis and I, I will say, when he is clean shaven, we look a lot alike.

Really?

I think so. We look like...

Or when you have a beard.

We look like... Yeah, or when I have my beard. Which is most times. We look like we could be of the same family.

That's interesting.

I think so. I buy that we're related.

And who else is in... I know that...

Owen Wilson.

From the Cars movie.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, the one where all the cars drive around.

Yeah.

Lightning McQueen.

Yeah. Lightning McQueen.

Are you forced to call him Lightning McQueen on set?

Yeah.

Wow.

He's a... He... When I first met him, he came up to me and he grabbed my arm really hard and he pulled me really close and his breath smelled like...

Motor oil?

Yeah. He was drinking gasoline. And he said, you're going to call me Lightning McQueen and you're going to shut your mouth.

Wow.

Yeah.

Can I ask, did Larry the Cable Guy and Mater ever come by the set? Are they hanging out together a lot?

I have to say that I have watched the Cars movie because I have two sons, five and three. They've watched that movie, I'm not kidding, a hundred times.

I think Mater and Larry the Cable Guy's performance is one of the best voice performances I've heard in an animated movie.

You don't say.

I do. I...

Okay.

Separate perhaps from the content of his other comedy, I think his performance as Mater, I will go to... And that's why I said it at the Emmys.

I wanted people to know that Mater was a real performance.

That's right. That was really weird. Because you gave a speech and we're, you know, I mean, we've all seen it last night, why you gave a speech.

Right.

And I thought that was weird that you just exclusively focused on that.

I did. I just talked about, I think it's just difficult to create an indelible character and I think he did amazing stuff with it and I, you know.

You should do, how many of those cartoons have you done?

I've done a few. I'm doing a Pixar one.

What?

Yeah.

Which one?

Are you upset?

No, I'm excited.

Oh, he's auditioning.

Hey, can I be in this?

Oh, that's a great point. Where did Scott go?

What is that character that you're doing?

Um, I assume this is for Cars 3. I'm a Pinto.

Oh, that's funny. That's funny.

That's pretty funny.

That is good.

I explode anytime anyone touches me.

That's a modern reference, right?

Yeah, you're always talking about the love canal.

Even I don't get that one.

Yeah, what are you doing?

It's called Inside Out. It's about a girl who's got all her emotions in her head.

Her entire body is inside out? So you see the blood and guts on the outside?

Yeah.

You live inside her head.

Wow.

And I play Joy.

Joy? The emotion?

The emotion of joy.

Oh my God.

Mm-hmm.

Wow, anthropomorphized?

Yeah, she's like a little pixie person.

Oh, okay.

And yeah, it's just...

Like one of the band The Pixies? Is that what you're talking about?

Yeah, she looks like Kim Deal.

Wow!

Yeah.

That's amazing.

I wish, I wish, man.

You know, guys, I mean seriously though, what's up with music these days, guys?

Seriously, let's talk about that.

Time signatures alone. Seven, eight?

Who's supposed to keep up with that?

I can't.

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.

Oh, clapping machine, clapping machine.

Clapping machine can do it for us.

What is your favorite song of all time?

Oh, this is a good question.

Desert Island Discs. If you could only take one single and it can't have anything on the B-side, what would your...

One single, no B-side.

You're allowed one record player, an endless supply of needles, one record of just a 45 RPM.

The record player only plays 33, so you have to listen to it very slowly.

What song do you pick?

Monster Mash.

Of course. Working in the lab.

It's a story.

You want to spend time with that.

I want to hear that. It's a beautiful melody. It's a great story.

And it's going to remind me of Halloween, which is...

I'm on an island and I'm going to miss people.

Well, no, I mean everyone's there with you.

The entire population of the United States is there with you on this island.

Except for your children.

Your children are on another island?

Yeah, they're on a totally different island.

Oh my God, this is what Lost should have been about.

In a way it was, man. I mean we're all on our own island.

That's what I got out of it from the first and last episode .

Yeah, of course.

Neil, what questions do you have for Miss Poehler here?

Please make them really specific and good, Neil.

Okay.

You're just, right now you're thumbing through a newspaper.

It doesn't have to be about current events, Neil.

I pull it off the wall at a Subway restaurant.

A laminated old-timey newspaper.

What do you think of...

You're just looking at words. Random words in the newspaper .

But they make sense though. That's not bad.

They do.

They're in order.

They have pigs.

That's an old newspaper.

Yeah. Well, that's their sort of theme.

I think they're actually probably going for an older theme than that.

Look, Neil, you used to work as an employee of Amy.

That's right. Oh, that's interesting. How was I, Neil, as a boss?

Wonderful.

Great.

I was the artistic director of the upright citizens brigade theater in Los Angeles in 2008-2012.

So now you have Amy here. You know improv comedy really well.

You're saying it right.

Oh, good, good, good, good.

Comedy.

But you have one of the masters and your boss here right in front of you.

Ex-boss. We had to stop working together once we started sleeping together.

That's true.

How was that? I mean, that's what I want to hear about.

So does the work.

Is her vagina still bruised?

It's still bruised.

Mine is now.

I don't know.

Yeah, I bruised.

This is a momentous occasion. I mean, your book is out, Amy , right? The improv manual.

Oh, yes, yes. That's right. The UCB comedy manual written by Ian Robertson, Matt Besser, Matt Walsh.

And that's out.

And we have someone who knows so much about it. What have you always wanted to know about improv?

I mean, this is like we could, it's almost like you're taking a class right here.

Wow, that's cool. Let me get my class pose. I'm not going to get in my teaching position.

Teaching position.

Oh, that was a weird position. How are you reaching back there? That is crazy.

Oh, trust and energy. Okay. What do you have?

Are you supposed to sound so bored when you say trust and energy?

Okay, what have you always wanted to know about improv?

And this is for the listeners out there who want to know what is the secret of what Amy does. Let's hear it.

Funny voices. What's your take on those?

Thank you for asking.

She's dreaming up her answer.

Amy. Amy!

Hey. Hi guys.

Hi, how are you?

Thanks so much. That was great. Thank you.

I've been up all night at the Governor's Ball.

Of course, yeah.

I'm sorry, what was the question? Funny voices. I think they're great.

Yeah, me too.

The more the merrier, right, when you're doing improv?

Yeah, I think that if you come out with a really big, strange, funny voice, particularly one that people can't understand or is incongruous to the scene.

Yeah, of course. The bigger the choice, the better.

You want to let people know, hey, I'm funny.

Exactly.

That's the thing. I'm so funny.

Yes.

Yeah, yeah.

That's great. That's the number one rule of doing improv is let people know you're funny.

Right away.

Right away. You have to. Otherwise, how are you going to stand out?

Exactly.

You know what I mean?

Here's a real question I'd like to ask you guys.

Okay. Yes.

Lady, we know that we've maybe perhaps in the show you've talked about the herald form, right?

Sure, yeah.

This idea that you start...

Every week we talk about one aspect of it.

Right.

So this idea that you have a little opening and you get a suggestion from the audience, do an opening, you get some ideas, and then you do scenes off of that suggestion, that opening.

Do you feel like Lady Gaga...

Yes.

...if her career was a herald, do you feel like Lady Gaga has gone too surreal, too crazy in the first beat?

You think that this is the first beat of her career?

I was discussing this with a friend of mine, and we were saying that Lady Gaga has, I think, come out of the gate so ...

Where does she go?

...and is transformed into a... Where do you go?

And I was saying it's a little bit like a herald that starts on the sun.

Too quickly. Madonna almost did this as well back in the 90 s.

She was in Body of Evidence. She came out with the Sex Book .

Dick Tracy?

Erotica and Dick Tracy.

That's right.

And Dick Tracy, out of all of them, I think was the worst.

I mean, I went to see it with my parents, and you could see through her shirt.

That is true.

And no one told her.

Yeah.

That DP.

That's how I feel about those proactive commercials. Like, who was filming Katy Perry and released that up as a commercial?

I mean, she's obviously just talking to her friend.

Yeah.

Telling her about what, you know, how difficult it is to do that.

I think you might be right. I mean, it's a long career. You don't want to, you know...

I just think it's going to be tough. She's a young person, and she's...

But maybe she takes it back, and she, like, you know, dresses very conservatively, and then all of a sudden is like, no, no, no, no.

Oh, sure. That's a way to go.

I'll say I'm fairly... I don't have one of those radios in my car where it says who's singing what song.

So I'm fairly ignorant of who is singing...

That's the DJ, by the way.

Yes. Oh, okay. Yeah.

You know, those radios that make noise.

Yeah, it's not the radio talking to you. That's the DJ saying, that was Lady Gaga playing applause.

Right, right, right. And then you turn on the car, and you hear the DJ go...

Oh, that's not the DJ.

Okay. So I don't got one of them cars.

But I guess I... Here's the thing. I don't know much... I guess I know what some of her songs are, but to me, I don't think I've ever really felt like her music seems that much weirder than anything.

So you don't think her music is as weird as she is herself?

I feel like she, maybe appearance-wise, is strange, right?

But is she really, with her art, getting that weird?

Or is she just kind of...

But isn't her appearance her art? Really? And the music is just a conduit to get to that, perhaps? You know what I mean?

I don't know enough.

That is a... That's the kind of thing that's going to get you laid, buddy.

Thank you so much. God, I want to...

Those kind of things. Isn't her appearance her art? I mean, that's the kind of line ladies want to hear, right?

Do you... What is the best line that anyone has ever said to you...

Oh, God, so many have worked.

...that's just made your panties drop?

So many have worked. You know what? I actually thought that was pretty funny. That's a good one.

I actually thought... Just plop, panties on the ground.

Boom.

Oh, once another good one. Oh, when men who are younger than me tell me they're proud of me.

Oh.

I love that. That works. I'm just like, boom. Yes.

Wait, but it's okay if a man who's older than you tells you that?

Well, it's not as weird. I don't know why.

Interesting. Interesting.

But I like when young 20-year-olds tell me they're proud of me.

They're proud of you. Interesting.

I just immediately take my bruised vagina out.

Have you ever been surprised by a young man coming on to you? Have you ever been like, hey, buddy?

Like you're... Like been upset by it?

Yeah, well, like, hey, this is inappropriate.

No.

I've never been upset by it. Or been like, hey, buddy, this is inappropriate.

Hey, buddy. Back off.

No.

No. Did you ever...

No, I've never been in problem.

Did you ever, when you were teaching improv, did you ever use your influence in order to...

I did date a student or two when I was teaching improv.

Fantastic.

I know. It was really great.

Like while they were in your class?

Yes.

Great.

Did you keep it cool while you were in class?

Yeah, I'd be real hard on them.

Like, you know, I'd be like, yeah.

This is taking a dirty turn, hasn't it?

But yes, I did. I did. Because at the end of the day, perhaps, but I find that I have a hard time dating anybody who isn't funny.

Yeah. You know, and improv isn't like real school. You know what I mean?

No.

It's like the real...

The subjects, the schedule, they're totally different.

You know what I mean?

The age of the students.

Yeah. I was no Mary Kay Letourneau of...

Wasn't Mary Kay Letourneau of UCB?

No.

And Billy Falau was my improv student. No. I'm throwing out some old references today.

Do you think it's different for a male teacher to do that, or is that fine too?

I think that the age difference was so small that students that I were teaching were maybe a few years younger than me .

What's the line?

That's a good question. I was just talking about that to a friend of mine because...

You have a lot of improv conversations with your friends. I like it. It still means something to you.

Well, this conversation was not about improv, but about how young can you go, and is it different with men and women?

How low can you go?

How low can you go? If a guy showed up at a party and he was our age, 40, and he said, this is my new girlfriend, and she was 18, everyone would be like, ugh.

Gross.

But gross. I think it would be the same with women if someone brought a young guy.

Who's that dude who plays kick-ass?

Oh yeah, he's married to an older woman.

Yeah, I believe it's 2020s.

Aaron Taylor?

Yeah, I believe his wife is 23 years older than he is. And it surprised me when I read it, but why should it?

I don't know.

Or is that either way not the right way to do it? I don't know.

I don't know. I kind of feel like if we're going to be European about it, which we're playing by European rules today, right?

Yeah, of course.

That's why I was talking about horse cock. Then you know, love is love. Except when it's gross and weird.

Good. And with that, we have to take our first break.

Take our first break.

I'm still auditioning for this Pixar thing.

Oh, no, the Pixar.

That's my southern character.

That's like Mater's brother.

Yeah, or cousin. You know what I mean?

You know what I mean.

Take our break.

Husband, cousin, wife. I mean, it's all the same thing over there.

We will return with Amy Poehler and Neil Campbell. And we have a surprise special guest coming up in this second act.

Alan Thicke will be here.

No.

Yes. Crazy.

I'm going to talk to him about his relationship with his son.

Okay, great. We'll cover it all. We'll cover it all. Come right back. This is Comedy Bang Bang. We'll be right back.

Comedy Bang Bang. We are back here. We have Neil Campbell.

Oh, my goodness.

What happened there?

Hi. Hey, it happens.

It does. You know, when you talk as much as we do, we shouldn't be embarrassed by stuff like that. You know what I mean?

Like, we should just acknowledge, hey, my voice just did something weird. Let's move on.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Your voice is your instrument.

Yes, of course. Have you felt that way about your art, Neil ?

That my voice is my instrument?

Mm-hmm.

No. I would feel horrible about myself if I felt like my voice is my instrument.

What is your instrument? Would you say your brain, your fingers? I mean, they type.

That's true. No, I guess I would say, yeah, like my wrists, my joints.

All of your joints?

Yeah. Just anything that kind of helps move things nearer to me or farther from me.

That would be weird if we as humans were totally stiff. You know what I mean?

I agree. I doubt we would have made as much progress as we 've made as a race.

Yeah. I don't believe we would be able to walk.

Uh-uh.

We wouldn't be able to pick things up, I think. I'm fairly certain.

I think you're right.

You know? I think, you know, that would have meant like one week and we're done.

One week?

Yeah, it's been. All right. So Amy Fuller is with us from Parks and Recreation and from X Saturday Night Live.

That's right. It ended when I left, I think, right?

Yeah, that's right.

Oh, that's good.

Oh, that's cute.

It is cute.

Shit.

You going back to do any more of those really with Seth and Amy's this year, do you know?

Seth Meyers has got a new gig. He's going to be leaving.

You're going to do it on his show?

I'm going to do it on his show.

I bet you do.

I'll do anything with him.

I bet you do it the first show. That's my prediction.

That we do a really? Okay, that's a good prediction.

I bet you will.

Okay, I'll take that bet.

In the same way that when Jimmy Fallon did his show and Tina came on the first show and they, a little kind of reunion, I bet you were at least in the first week.

I think so. I think I'm hoping to be on his show that week or the first show or whatever.

Yeah.

I love doing it. It was really fun. And I think he's going to be great.

What about the Winter Olympics? What do you think about those?

It's weird. The gay people can't go, right?

No, I know. That's crazy.

They're really, are they?

They're scanning them. It's crazy.

There's no gay people allowed.

Yeah, they're letting, like they took out all of the metal detectors. They're like, you know what, bring guns. Nice.

Whatever you want.

Just no gay people.

Yeah.

It's weird.

I want to do a TV show about Putin called Putin! And I can 't wait for Putin to just pretend like he wins everything.

He'll just do that. It's very much like the dictator, but he'll just constantly cross finish lines and grab things away from people and just pretend that he wins.

Yeah.

He's really something.

Are you going to boycott the Olympics this year?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely.

You've boycotted them several times.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I like to boycott. Yeah , yeah, yeah. It's my thing.

What else have you boycotted?

Oh, everything. I boycott presidential elections.

Good, good.

You've never voted from what I understand.

No, no, no, no, no.

You get jury duty that way.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I boycott barbec ues on weekends. I don't do any of that shit.

Oh, good. Just midday, weekday barbecues.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Only, only, only. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, great.

I don't want me in on this bullshit.

Well, it's great learning more about you.

Thank you. Every time I come here, I feel like I've, I feel like you've taken a small pound of my flesh.

Thank you.

You're welcome.

Thank you so much. We have to get to our next guest.

Of course.

This is going to be exciting for me. I would imagine for you, Amy.

Very exciting.

Neil, I have no idea where you stand on this. I'd love to hear though.

Quite excited.

Okay, great. Well, we have a quorum. Let's introduce our next guest. He is the star, or was the star, I should say, of, I believe, the 10 seasons of the television show Growing Pains.

Thereabouts, yes.

Thereabouts? So not exactly, but.

10 or thereabouts, yes. We did it for quite a while.

Please welcome Alan Thicke.

Hello. Oh, I do like your steampunk applause machine.

Thank you so much.

Wonderful.

I'm really getting into the steampunk aesthetic.

It's, I enjoy your top hat with those goggles glued to them .

Yes, of course.

It?

Them, it.

I don't know, a top hat is so large, I don't know if you refer to it in the plural.

Alan, welcome to the show. This is such an amazing honor.

Scott, thank you for having me. What a wonderful thing this is, that you can do this with friends.

Yeah. And I'm such a big fan of yours, not only Growing P ains.

Thank you. Amy, fantastic to meet you.

Oh, thank you Alan.

It was great to see you last night at the Emmys. I don't know if you saw me in the audience when you were up there giving your statement.

Thank you.

But we were all behind you.

Thank you.

Everyone applauds you and thinks you're very brave.

Thank you Alan. It's a difficult thing to discuss, but I appreciate you not thinking I was racist in the way that I said it.

No, I feel like I was taking it in the spirit in which you intended it.

Thank you. Thank you Alan.

I'm winking right now.

And thank you for offering your lap as a place for me to sit on after the event of the release.

Well, what kind of a gentleman would I be?

Thank you.

I'd be a sorry gentleman at that.

You're from Canada, of course. That's right.

Oh, there are boots.

Do you think if the Emmys were held at 7.30 in the morning, anyone would go?

Yes.

You think so?

Well, Alan should know. I mean, Alan's been in the business for, I mean, I'm sure you've been to so many awardships.

I've been in, here's how long I've been in the business and I don't want to make you all feel too young.

Ha ha ha ha.

Thank you.

It's an expression that I just coined.

I remember back when we were doing pains, I would start preparing for the Emmys the night before.

I was never invited. But I would start preparing to go to the Emmys, figure out how I was going to get in there.

Sometimes it would require, you know, a very long overcoat.

Oh, yeah, sure.

Standing on Kirk Cameron's shoulders.

Wait, is he on your shoulders? Wait, why would you be on his shoulders?

He was younger and stronger than I.

Sure, but.

And he was filled with the power of the Lord.

Oh, of course.

Oh, also sometimes I would just have a blow up hot water bottle for fun.

Oh, okay.

Ha ha ha ha.

Is there a Canadian equivalent of the Emmys?

Yeah, the Junos.

The Junos, okay.

That's right.

Another is Juno, yeah, another music.

Oh, is Juno a music?

Well, it might be all encompassing.

There's only one award show for Canada.

You know, there's only a thousand people in the whole country.

Really?

Wow.

Yes.

I've met just about all of them.

Wow.

Do you have like a checklist?

Yes, I do.

Would you like to see it?

I would love to.

Do you have it handy?

It's an accordion file.

Oh my goodness.

Look at that.

Only ten to go.

Ha ha ha.

Oh, they are really in different places now.

That's right.

Nine of them are named Gord.

And then the last is Bryan Adams.

You never met him.

That's right.

I have to meet Bryan Adams and nine Gords.

Then I've met the whole country.

But you know who I have yet to meet is the guy inside Alan Thicke.

Who is that guy?

Oh.

That's interesting.

Of course.

I'm very in touch with myself.

Oh, good.

Good.

You go to therapy?

I go to therapy of a sort.

In that you don't go?

I drink.

Yeah.

Okay.

I like to drink.

Okay.

Now, gosh, Growing Pains.

That's right.

You did that.

Thick of the Night, your talk show.

That's right.

That was my short lived American talk show, Thick of the Night.

Yes.

Where you were the host.

It was like your Carson type tonight show.

Yes.

And my name was Alan Thicke.

That was a title.

It was.

And my name and the expression, Thick of the Night.

Oh.

Great expression.

Yeah.

I use that expression a lot.

You know, it's an expression, yes, that people, it denotes a certain time that I think everyone understands.

How many times have you turned to a friend, stayed between the hours of midnight and 4 a.m.?

I suffer from night terrors.

Oh, do you really?

Yeah, of course.

What are you seeing right now, Bats?

Of course I am.

Because mainly I suffer from them during the daytime.

Yes.

You have that look about you.

Yeah, yeah.

It's one of the rare, rare night terror disorder that I only get them during the day.

That's right.

Yes.

People like you are the inspiration for the Blade series of films.

Of course, yes.

I'm one of the original day walkers.

They changed it slightly.

Yeah.

Well, I'm not a vampire at all.

For dramatic purposes.

No, I should hope not.

I just walk around during the day.

And I suffer from day terrors.

It's fun to do.

It really is.

Walking around during the day.

It is.

You know, I mean, a lot of people, they exclusively walk around at night.

And I go, guys, come on.

And sometimes in the thick of the night.

And we're back to the show.

Exactly.

Yes.

Tell us everything about thick of the night.

Every detail.

Who is your favorite person?

If I may, Scott, who is your favorite person to interview?

Answer that and then tell us every other detail.

I think it was, oh, all right, in that order.

So answer Amy's question first and then every other detail about every show.

Let's see, my favorite person to interview was an interview that didn't get as much press as I thought it would.

But the former President Richard Nixon, when I got him to admit that he had loved every minute of Watergate, breaking the law, wielding his presidential power and abusing it.

And he said it was a lot of fun.

I remember he took off his tie, waved it around over his head.

And then – It was one of those clip-on bow ties, too, I remember.

That's right.

Yes.

And there's a play about that, right?

Thick Nixon?

That's right.

A lot of people stayed away because they think they thought the title referred to something else.

I see.

Yes.

And let's be honest, it did.

Because at the end, everyone does fuck each other.

The entire second act of the play was just – It never occurred to me that people would think that.

I think that people thought it was going to be an interview with me playing myself and an actor playing Nixon.

But of course, I played Nixon and then another actor played me.

I'd love to hear some of your Nixon impression, by the way.

Oh, certainly.

Sure.

Sorry about that crook business.

I'm not one, by the way.

Now tell us every other detail about every episode.

Well, we had glass-topped coffee tables.

I remember that.

That was a mistake.

Good.

Day one – It just caused a lot of worry.

Yeah, yeah.

And people – the guests, when they would have their mug at the thick of the night mug.

Sure.

And they would – I mean, you talk about coasters on that show, like, hey, do you have a coaster?

Do I need to put this on a coaster?

Yeah, so unfortunately a lot of that heavy lifting fell to me.

And while we were on the air, I think critics rightly sav aged us for talking too much about coasters.

Right.

And then I thought it was weird that your first episode you had to ban the coasters on as well.

Yes, yes.

I mean, that's bizarre.

We had the two surviving coasters on.

Of course.

Well, because of your show, now that's a term for when you 're talking too much about scenery or set pieces is don't coaster, just get to the point.

Exactly.

And you know, that caused further confusion.

I mean, we – it was almost like the Eskimos with snow.

We used the word coaster to mean so many things.

It was like we were living in the Smurfs village.

I remember when we had the two surviving coasters on, we had them wet their feet and then stand on giant coasters.

We hoped that people would get the point to use a coaster.

And the entire floor was glass on that show.

That was a huge mistake.

Oh man, when the ladies walked out there.

When everyone did.

Yeah.

That was not a good idea.

Yeah, no good.

Yes.

Yeah.

Many deaths.

Speaking of the ladies, I know you were quite a lady.

I probably are quite a lady.

I am quite a lady.

Quite a ladies.

Ladies man, I was going to say.

Ladies man.

I thought you meant I was in touch with my feminine side, which I like to think that I am.

Sure.

You seem like a terrific guy.

You're Alan Fink.

You've had quite your share of the ladies.

Yes, I've loved and lost and loved again and then lost again and then loved again and then lost again.

Then loved again, then lost again.

Pretty much alternated between loving and losing.

Oh, you're saving me some time with that.

Thank you.

Sure, sure.

Yes.

Fantastic.

And who is your favorite woman that you ever dated?

Hmm.

That's tough.

That's like picking a favorite child that you have a sexual relationship with who is an adult.

And not related to you.

Let's see.

Of all the ladies, well you know I love the ladies and I love to have my fun.

Probably Gene Stapleton.

Oh, he is.

Too soon.

It was taken from us too soon.

So terrific.

You and your son ever compete for women?

Oh, my son Robin.

Oh, let's talk about him.

He's very...

Oh, he's doing really well.

I bet you're excited about that.

Well, yes and no.

I mean, I'm certainly happy for his success, but that song, I'm a little...

You know, I understand some people are upset about it.

Well, the video especially.

I mean, the song is kind of...

What video?

Oh, so you think people are just upset about the song?

Oh, I thought people were upset because the tempo was too ...

Oh, yeah.

It's too dancy.

That's the complaint I'd heard was that the song is too d ancy.

You can't sit still.

Yes.

If it's ever played at work on the radio, everyone just gets up and dances and it's just not productive.

Yes, not good in a car.

Yeah.

Who can dance while they drive?

Not me.

You're not supposed to.

Talk to my front bumper about that one.

What do you mean?

I just mean that I had an accent.

I talked to my...

Oh, you don't have a sentient car.

Well, I wish I did.

Well, I don't know.

I wish I had one of those cars that talked to me vroom, v room when I turned the key.

Oh, that's the DJ.

Oh, that's right.

I forget.

Yes.

Now, what are we talking about, Robin?

You're happy for his success.

I'm happy for his success.

And look, the tempo aside, it's a fun song.

It's called Blurred Lines.

Of course, everyone knows it's a song of the summer.

And it's a really fun song about how men know better than women what women want.

Yes.

It's fun.

That's so true.

Fun song.

It's so true.

Fun song.

Yeah.

Blurring the lines between just gender equality.

Yeah.

Well, yes.

I think that people nowadays try to make everything so equal that it's like women saying, I should also have a say in when I feel like having sexual relations with someone.

And men saying, well, you think that, but you're wrong.

It's like someone has to be on top.

Exactly.

Tell me about it.

It's like Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In, the whole thing.

It's all just one big.

Of course.

This culture.

Yeah.

And really no means yes is what I feel like Blurred Lines is saying.

Thank you.

Finally.

I think the case could be made.

Everyone's afraid to say it.

Everyone's afraid.

And thank you means you're welcome.

It does.

Yes.

And you're welcome means I'm scared.

And I'm hungry means goodbye.

Yeah.

Get out means have a seat.

Use a coaster means both hello and goodbye.

Of course.

Yeah.

Yes.

If you're on the set.

Much like aloha or namaste.

I don't know those words.

Yeah.

I'm a bit of a musician.

You know, it's success in the music industry.

Of course.

You're a musician, right?

Well, I'm a bit of a bit of a musician myself.

Yes.

Yeah.

You are not just an actor.

People know you mainly as the dad on pains was mixed.

Excuse me.

Yes.

Don't call it pains unless you've been there.

Oh, so sorry.

So sorry.

It was growing pains to you.

Growing pains.

Sorry.

I don't mean to insult you.

No insult taken.

I mean, I'm really I really am.

I know a lot of people just say they're sorry when anyone confronts them, but I legitimately am sorry right now.

And I want to apologize to you.

Do you mean you're sorry?

That's right.

I'm sorry.

That's what I thought you.

Okay.

I don't mean to confuse you.

No, no, no.

That's what I thought you meant.

But I wanted to be certain.

Okay.

Yes.

Because if if you were saying a different thing and I mis construed it, then I would be the one who was sorry.

Of course.

Well, you know what?

I believe that we're on we've found common ground right now .

Yeah.

Like they say on the Goodfellas, forget about it.

Of course.

So, yes, I in addition to my my acting and hosting duties, I'm also a songwriter.

I've written many famous television theme songs, different strokes, facts of life.

Really?

Yes.

Did not know that.

A little bit of a little bit of trivia.

You take the good, you take the bad, you take them both and then you have the facts of life.

You take the good.

Well, we know that one.

What's the other one?

A man is born.

In a man is born and man, a man is born.

Well, a man is born.

A man is born.

It comes out of his mom's vagina.

You're taking some liberties.

Did you do Lost?

I did not do Lost.

Do you think the THX people sued Lost for that song?

Oh, I hope they sued them into the poorhouse.

Have you ever been sued or sued anyone for you?

Both.

I've been sued and I've sued other people.

One time I found out I was suing myself.

Wow.

Goodness.

It gets complex and twisted up.

The Canadian court system's a mess.

Ask Dave Foley.

That's what George Michael talked about in his famous song.

Well, you know I thought he was a straight man and then I saw him in person once.

That's what we were talking about.

Oh my God, really?

That's crazy.

We were just talking about that before you came here.

It was at a party many years ago.

Wait, which party was this?

Was this the It's My Party Rap Party?

Yes, that's correct.

Oh my gosh.

I was there.

I was the one passing out coasters.

Of course.

I had a drink and I almost set it down upon that antique credenza and oh my gosh, that's crazy.

Sorry, sorry.

That was you.

Oh my gosh.

Crazy.

And you were humming to yourself a song, the Facts of Life theme song.

That's right.

Oh my gosh.

You know, it's a song that I'm reminded of every day because every day I experience life.

You know, I wake up in the morning and I'm alive and I realize.

My first thought of every day upon waking is I'm alive still.

And then of course that just starts that earworm going and the Facts of Life themes in my head all day long.

What if life was nonfiction?

Whoa.

What?

Meaning facts.

Isn't that what the song's about?

About?

Well, it's.

The only word I caught in that sentence was aboot.

Life is nonfiction, man, when you think about it.

Yes, life is nonfiction.

The Facts of Life.

Exactly.

That's right.

I'm just trying to blow your mind right now.

Did I do it?

Now, the world never seems to be living up to your dreams.

That's a line from that song.

Oh, sure, sure.

And that's a feeling we've all had that we have.

You have dreams, you wake up, and then the world isn't like that.

No.

You're not naked at your old high school.

You're not battling a dragon or a zombie.

Right.

It's so true.

Yeah.

Is that how you came up with that song?

How do you come up with your songs?

Well, they're mostly commissioned.

Someone says, we have a TV show called The Facts of Life.

So you didn't come up with the song The Facts of Life on your own before the show?

No.

Well, all the lyrics accept the title.

Okay.

So you came up with, you take the good, you take the bad, you take them both, and there you have.

And then I was stuck.

And then luckily someone called.

So we called and said, we have a TV show, Alan, it's called The Facts of Life.

And you went bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing.

A rummage through my old sheet music truck.

Now what if Mash had called and asked for that song?

The Mobile Army Surgical Hospital show?

Yes, exactly.

Well, they had lyrics to their song already.

Yes.

And then they used a non-lyrics version for the television program.

Me too.

That reminds me, Amy, your show, Parks and Recreation, has a theme song, but there are no words to the theme song.

That's right.

And they had written an entirely different theme song with words for Parks and Recreation.

May I share it with you?

Sure.

Oh, I'd love to hear it.

And you can take your hand off my knee too, but thank you.

Oh, I didn't realize that was that.

Well, you know, I'm an older fellow and I was just trying to steady myself.

I appreciate it.

Earthquakes.

Okay.

So let's give it a listen.

Yeah.

Now this is a different song as well?

This is a completely different song.

This is, if they had approached me to write a song for Parks and Recreation.

You want to plug that in or do you?

No.

Well, this is just a shell of an electric piano.

Oh, okay.

I carry it around because it's light.

It's lighter than an actual electric piano.

Oh no.

Yeah.

It's lighter than a functional piano.

And so what I'll do is I'll just be tapping my fingers on it as if I'm playing.

Great.

But you won't hear any sound.

Okay.

Is that all right?

That's fine by me.

Perfect for radio.

Oh, thank you.

Oh, I forgot you were here.

Hello.

Hi.

Your name is Neil, I want to say.

That's right.

We never introduced you guys.

No, you never did.

Yeah.

I mean, in fact, your nose has been about three inches from her nose the entire time we've been talking.

Well, it's, you know, a game recognizes game as they say.

Thank you.

That's nice.

We're both in the business.

We sure are.

Here's you fellas.

I'm just happy to be here.

I'm sure you are.

Here we go.

That's nice.

Theme song for Parks and Recreation by Alan Thicke.

Okay.

Actor, host, songwriter.

Look at you tapping that piano.

Day after day in a concrete canyon running around and it's wearing you down.

You need to be where streams and birds are the only sounds.

Gotta get out of bounds.

It's up to you to make the break because your spirit could use a vacation.

You need a combo of parks and recreation.

I'm not done.

Oh.

Parks and recreation.

Oh, wow.

Thank you.

Let's get that machine going.

That was so.

I'm not done.

That's part of the song.

That is part of the song.

Because every character on the show is supposed to kind of inhale and go, and hold their finger up at that point.

That is really, really, really good.

Well, thank you.

It's a shame that you can't use it, but I'm glad.

Why not?

I mean, sometimes people change the newsroom did.

They changed their theme.

Ed famously changed their theme from the Foo Fighters or no , from yeah, the Foo Fighters to Clem Snide back again to the Foo Fighters.

Ed was the bowling alley one.

The wire.

The wire, of course.

That's right.

Change their theme every year.

Every year.

I mean, I would love to get a copy of that and bring it to the powers that be, if you're comfortable with that.

I'd be happy to lay it down in my home studio.

Great.

Speaking of the wire, can we get this in under the wire for Thursday's show?

Oh, absolutely.

I mean, I'll do my favorite year.

I'll run this over.

We'll put the VCR in a thing, and someone will throw me something else in the control room, and then we'll splice the wires together.

We'll put that VCR in the thing.

I'll tell you what.

It's like broadcast news.

If it makes it easier, after we're done here, I can just lay it down in my car in my trunk studio.

Oh, wow.

Yes.

That would make it a lot easier.

Do you have to crawl into the trunk and shut it?

Just about.

I pop open the trunk.

I get as much of myself as I can in there, and I throw a blanket over myself, sort of Matthew Brady photograph style.

Right.

Of course.

This is, tell me if I'm wrong, would it be easier for you to just sing it live every week?

Is that strange?

Oh.

I wouldn't say no.

Isn't it?

I wouldn't say no.

Is Parks and Rec live every week, by the way?

It is.

Yeah, it's live.

It's live.

It's hard to do with film.

Very difficult.

Yeah.

You have to edit in camera while you're doing it.

We edit in camera.

Cutaways to talking heads.

The locations are a bitch.

When we did Pains, we rehearsed every episode for four months with out-of-town previews.

Doing 22 of those a year or two is tough.

It was a punishing schedule.

26 months a year.

Well it never stopped.

We never had a hiatus.

No, of course.

We were working every day all year long.

Yeah, of course.

See, that's why Kirk became such a vehement Christian.

He was making up for all those Christmases you missed.

He celebrates Christmas every day with Christ.

He does.

Do you have other songs that, or just Parks and Rec?

Well, you know, I would have loved to have written a song for Comedy Bang Bang, but of course it has lyrics, but I could certainly write a song for you, Scott Alkerman, the person.

The person!

I would love, and would you sing it as I walked around, or I would have to sing it, or I'd have a recording of it?

Yeah, it could be a thing that you have in your head and that you can enjoy and cherish in your heart for the rest of your days until God and his wisdom separates us by death.

Okay, well please, let me hear it.

All right, now this is just off the top of my head.

This is not from the tank, as they say.

Yes, off the top of the dome.

Off the top of the dome.

Who would have guessed this geninous Sunday best was hiding a secret?

He's got lymphoma.

What?

Oh.

Ooh, that's the problem with these sort of improvisational sessions is that I should have told you that the weird quirk of my songwriting abilities is that if I sing about an actual person, the thing that I sing about comes true.

Oh my, what?

Oh no.

So are you feeling all right right now?

No, honestly, I haven't been feeling good at all.

I have a doctor's appointment scheduled right after the show.

Have you been feeling lymphoma-y?

Yeah, sort of.

I woke up the other day and I was like, I think I have lymphoma.

Yeah, you look lymphomic.

You do.

Yeah.

Oh, ow.

Oh.

Certainly sorry.

Yeah, sorry.

Wow.

Let's see if I could.

Can you sing something else that I get cured or something?

Scott Ackerman was a guy who likes to take his time, then he woke up this morning, he was feeling fine.

The end.

That's not exactly curing me.

That's saying that I am going to wake up one day and feel okay.

Oh, that's true.

I should have specified today.

It doesn't even have to, I mean, more than one day I would like to maybe have you sing about like, he's cured of his lymphoma, he's never going to die.

Oh, I see.

More direct.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm not going to take notes, but.

But you're going to take them right now, right?

I'll take them right because life hangs in the balance.

Good.

Scott Ackerman, he's not an okie from Oklahoma.

He woke up today without a trace of any lymphoma.

Oh, thank God.

Very nice.

I'm sorry about that.

That was a close shave.

While you were going through that, did you learn anything about yourself?

I really like peanut butter without nuts.

Oh, interesting.

It's good to know.

It's the creamy style.

I find that the chunky, it sometimes can hurt your gums.

Yeah, exactly.

My dentist doesn't like it.

She's always like, stick to the creamy.

Stop calling your wife your dentist.

I know.

Well gosh, we have to take a break.

Is that okay?

I don't care.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Amy, we'll have more Neil, we'll have more Alan.

Sounds good.

All right.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

This is a really interesting show.

This is a great show.

Thank you for coming back.

Oh, I'm sorry.

My old host instincts.

That's okay.

No, hey, it's an honor.

For a weekend update, I'm Amy.

Oh, I'm Amy too.

You've got it too.

Really?

You've got it too.

That's a play on her thing.

That's good.

We have an interesting cross section of people.

We have a current superstar, a former superstar, Neil, a never to be superstar.

Oh, that's very negative.

Neil, that's not true.

You never know.

I was a child model.

Is that so?

In Japan.

What were...

He was.

He used to, he grew up in Japan.

Whereabouts?

What neighborhood?

Camp Zama Army Base.

And his blonde hair was unique in Japan.

And so a lot of people pointed cameras at him.

That's right.

So I peaked around 1988.

Well, now, is people just taking pictures of you the same as being a child model?

I mean, they would ask me to pose.

Were you asked to do a lot of peace signs?

No, no, more of just hands on hips.

Were you ever in a George Michael video or anything like that?

I was in an ad for tiny little wieners.

Okay.

Was that the brand name?

Well, I had a line in Japanese.

Do you remember your line?

I don't remember it.

I haven't.

Can you speak Japanese still?

No, I never, I lived on an American Army Base.

Can you still speak American?

Barely.

Wow.

This is more than I've ever heard about your life.

Well, it's pretty boring.

When you were in the...

I'm the fifth most fascinating person in the room.

You're including the engineer.

When you were a model in the modeling game, was there a lot of cocaine?

I mean, snorted off of me, yes.

Oh, but you didn't indulge.

Oh no, I was too young.

Amy and Alan, what's the best cocaine you've ever had?

I'm going to say post Nirvana, like 90, 96 maybe.

The Governor's Ball of that year?

Governor's Ball, 96 Governor's Ball.

I was not invited.

No.

You had a dream?

Yep.

I knew Andy Richter and he got me a ticket.

Wow.

Yeah.

And I met, oh God, I met the cast of...

Guiding Light.

Yes.

Frasier.

Guiding Light.

It was Guiding Light at the time.

Thank you.

The entire cast.

Were some people from Frasier there as well?

Yes, Frasier as well.

Wow.

Best cocaine I've ever had probably is Kirkland brand, the kind that you get at Costco.

Oh yeah, that's over the counter.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

That's okay.

That stuff's good.

Just a big 64 ounce tub.

That's what's great about it is it comes in bulk.

You get so much of it.

I don't want to be running out all the time.

Of course.

And what if I'm entertaining?

Because I still have all those glass top coffee tables from my talk show.

You kept all those.

Well, they kind of fuel the cocaine habit if I'm honest.

Ah, thank you for being honest.

I really appreciate that.

What was that?

Alan got a phone call.

Is that Paula Patton?

Your daughter-in-law?

It was Joanna Kearns.

Oh, you're still in touch with Kearns?

Just saying, hey, yes, we just joined Voxer.

Did she ever say to any of you, hey, I'm going to give you a Kearns-al of truth here?

Many times.

Yeah, I bet.

I bet.

Why would she stop saying that?

She never did.

She still says it to this day.

She has like an OCD about it, doesn't she?

There was a time where she was carrying around a can of cre amed corn that she had...

...doctored to say Kearns-al, whole Kearns-al.

We were all embarrassed for her, of course.

No one ever mentioned it.

But she would throw it at people, I read.

When she was doing cocaine.

Yeah, of course.

Just constantly throwing that can of corn.

Yes.

Take that, Kearns-al.

She would say.

Of course.

Well, guys, a lot of you listening, probably when you heard what the lineup is here, you guessed what was going to happen, OK?

It is time for our freestyle rap battle.

Oh, no.

I'm intimidated to do this next to Mr. Thicke.

Little backstory.

Well, this is good for me.

Don't be intimidated by Mr. Thicke.

You got to be intimidated by Neil Campbell, who recently, about a month or two ago...

For the premiere of the show.

... laid down what many consider to be GOAT.

You were GOAT at one time of the freestyle rap battle.

Neil laid down maybe the greatest verse of all time here on the show.

So I want to have just a head-to-head battle.

We'll get involved, of course.

Certainly.

I'm up for new things.

I mean, I'm no Usher Raymond, but I'll certainly give it a try.

Ancient Year Cody, I'm going to need...

Now, you froze last time I asked you for one word.

And it took a really long time for you to come up with even one.

And all you did was looked at something in the corner and said that.

Clear your mind.

As they say, don't think, right?

Just come up with one word.

What do we got, Engineer Cody?

Don't look in the corner at what's over there.

They also say, don't look.

Don't think and don't look.

Don't speak.

Don't breathe.

Yeah, don't breathe.

Engineer, what do we have?

Butter.

Good.

All right.

So I kind of want to save these two for the end.

So Alan, what do you say you start us off here?

Oh, really?

Or it could be me.

You don't want to warm it up?

I'll warm it up.

My name is Wrappin' Scott and I'm here to say it's fun to wrap in a butter way.

Creamy, creamy, creamy.

Dreamy, dreamy, dreamy.

Spread it on my toast.

Yeah, I love it the most because I like to get fat by eating toast every day.

That's where it's at.

I think that when I spread it, that is where I like to put it on my bread-it.

Yeah, I went on Reddit and talked about bread-it, but you know what?

I like peanut butter without nuts because I like looking at butts.

Pretty good, right?

Very good.

I mean, I'm traditionally the worst at it.

Right.

Very good.

All right, Alan, what do we got right now?

Butter.

There's a pain that's growing in your arteries.

And guess what, guy?

It's because of me.

I'm butter.

I'm gonna kill you too soon.

You eat too much, you eat it with a spoon.

Why don't you slow down?

Eat a carrot for God's sake.

Sort of a-is that part of it?

You yell exclamations?

Yes, of course.

Yeah, advice.

Am I supposed to swear?

Oh, yeah, please do.

Hey, go to hell, you.

How do you-you're big and round.

They're gonna take you to the pound where they take stray dogs.

You know, this is very difficult because- It is very difficult.

You know, the-the-the-the chord structures, the-the rhyme scheme, everything is unpredictable.

Oh, of course, yeah.

You know, I like things that are very predictable.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, if you were to sing a song about butter, one of your theme songs, how would it come out?

Well, I don't know if I could do that with this backing track at the same time.

Well, I say give it a try.

Oh, right?

There you go.

Looking for something to spread on your toast.

This is-this is very difficult.

It's taking me-I feel like it's taking me to a dark, emotional place.

Oh, no.

That sounded very ominous, and it made me afraid of breakfast.

Yeah, well, this is a minor key.

It is a minor key.

Yeah, yeah, and you're-you're usually not afraid of breakfast.

No, I'm-no- Does it have any effect on you at all?

No, I'll-I'll wake up, uh, remember that I'm alive, uh, start singing in my head the Facts of Life theme song, uh, go down, make myself some breakfast.

And then you'll look at it and not be afraid of it.

That's right.

I'll have, uh, a bowl of, uh, sugary cereal, uh, glass of juice, uh, two slices of toast and butter, large glass of milk, and, uh, two Pop Tarts.

Everything that you see on the television commercials.

Okay, great.

All right, well, great verse.

Should I give it another try?

Sure, why not?

Well, I don't want to hog anyone's time.

No, we have a ton of time.

Oh, is that so?

Yeah.

The time to burn.

Yeah, like when we were doing pains.

And here we go.

Jam, fuck you.

You'll never beat butter.

Why don't you come out of a cow's udder?

That's what I do.

I'm butter.

And I'll-I'll come and send come all takers.

Oh, uh, I can't, I'm sorry, I just- Hey, it's not bad for an old- Not very good.

It's very difficult.

You're no Robin Thicke.

No, that's true.

Or Pharrell.

That's true.

Who?

Alright, let's go over to Amy.

Oh, this is-I honestly have a stomach ache.

What?

I honestly- You're the best at this.

No, I'm not, I'm not, I'm with the best.

Yeah, that's true.

I'm with the best.

Alright, here we go.

I feel like I'm gonna throw up.

Okay.

You've had a lot of time to stew on this one.

I have, but that's almost worse, right?

Yeah.

To have time to- Do you want a different suggestion?

I feel as if I did, but how come she gets a different suggestion?

If you want, Cody can come up with something different.

I feel as if Cody had a pat of butter in his pocket and he was- He was feeling it the entire show.

He was like the hobbit, he was reaching into his hand, trying to come up with a stall tactic.

The suggestion is butter.

Wait, are you doing a Maya Angelou pose?

I'm just finding my beat here.

Getting my- clearing my space, getting into my rap battle pose.

Here we go.

2013.

Paula Deen's a motherfucking racist.

Makes food and says, let's taste this.

Popping and bombs all over America.

She's got a problem like Comerica Bank, which doesn't have any more money.

No more money.

Isn't that funny?

You can't get your cash.

You can't buy a car.

You can't go to Spain.

You can't travel far because you're broke.

You're broke.

I spoke.

I spoke words of wisdom and that's no joke.

Butter and jam, butter pecan.

Butter is off.

Butter is on.

Butter be good.

Butter be bad.

Butter be the best motherfucking thing you've had.

And now I'm going on a diet.

I think you should try it.

I'm not going to lie.

It's hard to eat healthy in America because poor people can 't afford real food, real food.

I'm in the mood.

So Paula Deen, queen of me.

It's not my zine to be so rude and butter and butter and butter and butter and butter.

I fuck a butter face.

Yeah.

Crank up the machine.

That was incredible.

Shots fired.

What I also enjoyed about that was that it had the social commentary that is common to hip hop rap music.

And I like that the queen of mean is no longer Lisa Lampan elli.

It's now Paula Deen.

Who inherited the mantle from Leona Helmsley.

Of course.

Yeah.

All right.

Neil Campbell.

Here we go.

Butter.

Oh, hold on.

I'm coming up with it.

Here we go.

Is that part of it?

It's going to be bang bang 2013, 13, 13, 13.

They say butter comes from milk, but I'm not of that ilk.

I think butter is a movie and I think that it stars Rob Corddry.

Milk.

Hey, that's a movie too.

It's got Sean Penn.

What you going to do?

You can rent that one with I am Sam and watch them all night.

Yeah, that's my plan.

If you go on a date with me, it's a double feature with those two movies.

Then you'll see me make some butter too.

I'll make it in my pants.

Then I'll put it on you.

I'm sorry.

That's not what I meant.

It may have sound sexual, but it ain't.

It was just about making popcorn.

I make it in my pants cause they are extra worn out.

They got too much room and I put a churn in there and a lo om, a loom like Arachne used when she pissed off Athena all those years ago in Greece.

Greece in my pants, Greece on my face when I learned how to dance.

I did that on Broadway in the musical that I played in all these years ago.

I don't know where I'm going with this song, but I remember we were talking about milk, milk and butter and San Francisco is where it took place.

James Franco was there with his face.

So pretty.

I hope it don't get roasted, but I think Rogan is gonna do it and it'll be toasted.

That's what I put my butter on.

Toasty butter and I like to keep it warm.

Well that's it.

I'll say goodbye.

Thanks everybody for hanging here.

Bye bye.

Oh wow.

That was good.

That's tremendous.

That was so good.

There were so many topics.

Too many, some might say.

Decidedly less about picking up young boys by the pool.

I decided to try to avoid that topic this time.

Some great raps everybody.

Good raps.

Really good raps.

Good stuff guys.

I think Neil is still the GOAT.

I think you guys are tied at this point.

I can't come up with a winner.

I think we're looking at the two coach champions.

Well guys this has been an amazing show.

It's been alright.

Five great people in a room as far as I'm concerned.

Shall we rank them from most interesting to least interesting?

Why not?

Start number five.

Do you want to go descending or ascending?

Let's go descending.

Okay great.

So starting at number one?

Starting at the tippity top, who's the most interesting and then working your way down to least interesting.

Let's see.

This is going to be a battle between you two I feel.

Well who needs it more Scott?

Of course Amy Poehler, number one.

Thank you very much.

Yes I do.

She's a lady of course.

You're welcome to sit on my lap.

You must be tired from being number one.

And then coming in at a hot number two.

Boy Alan Thicke.

I'm happy to be the vice president of that elite fraternity .

You might not have been as interesting but all of a sudden you have a son who's famous and then that's you know.

That's true.

That's how it works in the business.

Thank you for cracking the machine.

Sorry he's a little late on that.

Needs a little oil.

Then I would go with Cody, number three right there.

You know I see him skateboarding around town.

He had a broken hand for a long time.

I still don't know how it healed because I'm looking at me there's no cast now.

I never asked him about it.

Well you're no doctor so why would you know how poems heal?

That's true why do I want to get involved?

Yeah of course.

You know casts are involved.

I just watched the movie Unbreakable for the first time on an airplane.

I'd never seen it.

Congratulations.

What'd you think?

It didn't really hold up.

Although I can't I don't know because I never saw it the first time.

Yeah that's true.

Have you seen The Happening by the same director?

I have not.

It's a wonderful film about plants getting angry at human beings.

Would you like to do an M. Night Shyamalan film?

Oh I'd jump at the chance.

Like recent Shyamalan or?

Any period.

Are you saying if I had a time machine I could do any M.

Night Shyamalan movie?

Sure is that what you would do if you had a time machine number one and then follow up which period?

If I had a time machine number one I would probably appear in the film The Happening.

As one of the plants or as a human being which side do you fall on?

I'd love to play a dual role.

Much like The Wizard of Oz, Margaret Hamilton.

Yes she played the witch and also the lion.

That's right.

Who played the wardrobe in that film?

That's interesting there probably was a wardrobe in that film I wonder if CS Lewis got his ideas from that.

Certainly there was a wardrobe department I don't want to get too inside baseball for the listeners.

Yeah.

Oh so The Happening and then what was the other part B of the question?

Part B is what else would you do with a time machine?

I mean the whole world is at your disposal.

I'd probably go forward in time and see if we all are wearing those jumpsuits.

And if so?

I'll be ready for it.

Scott, so Scott we would say is second to least interested.

Yes yes yes I'm number four.

Thank you so much.

And coming up bringing up the rear, Neil Campbell.

I try.

Japan?

Not that hard.

That's kind of interesting.

Hey then they moved to Germany which is where I saw Unbreak able.

Very good.

Neil what would you say are the building blocks of your interestingness and how could you improve upon them to be a more interesting person?

Great question.

I feel like I'm a really great listener which on podcasts radio is just a very valuable skill to bring to the table as a guest.

What did we all say during this show?

We talked.

Can I do a regular statement right at the end?

I just recap the show?

You just listen to it?

Don't even recap it.

I would love for you to do every single thing that we said.

Well I didn't memorize it.

You have a phonographic memory which is anything you hear you memorize.

I don't know that that's actually.

Like you I'm no doctor.

I see someone with a cast and they don't have a cast anymore I don't know what happened.

Sure you're like hey why bother trying to find out?

Yes what am I the farmer's almanac?

Well guys speaking of the farmer's almanac there's one thing left to do on this show.

That's a little something we call plugs.

Plugs!

I woke up this morning with one thing on my mind.

It's plugs!

Wow beautiful.

That was amazing.

That was Alan Fick worthy.

I mean that was like a theme song.

That was a beauti- who are those people?

They did a wonderful job.

That was the Mans with their song plugs theme.

Really really good.

Really great job.

It reminded me of the Beach Boys.

Yeah we were really enjoying that.

If you were to do a plugs theme what would you kind of do?

It's time to get out the old broom and sweep out from under those rugs it's plugs.

I think I like the Mans better.

To each his own.

Okay I will then take the Mans.

I'm rich.

And they are not probably.

I would hope they're not.

I actually hope that they are rich that that's what gives them so much time to write a plugs theme for us.

Oh you think they're eccentric millionaires?

Yeah of course.

Oh they're from the San Francisco Man family.

They're very very rich.

In their spare time they're having contests of like relay races with you know billion dollar prizes.

Their family invented concrete.

They're very rich.

They have a private zoo.

Great with human beings.

That's right and they hunt them for sport.

Of course.

Alright guys what do we have to plug?

Of course Amy this Thursday Parks and Recreation season six .

Do you suggest watching the episodes?

I do because what I find is watching them can give you a better sense of how they are.

I like to read entertainmentweekly.com recaps.

Sure sure I like to read reviews of music.

Listen to television shows without watching them.

Great.

You know in any way you can you know whether you watch it on your phone, your watch, your eyelid cam, the roof of your mouth.

However you get just make sure that you check that box and put it's very easy to get ratings.

You have a worksheet, a workbook.

You match the worksheet to the workbook.

You check the show that you watch then you fold it up.

You put it in an envelope.

You have to have the right postage.

You send it.

Throw it up in the air.

That's right and then it comes back to you.

You have to confirm and get it notarized that it was you who sent the thing.

It's just very easy for us to get the ratings that we need.

If TV shows were edible what would Parks and Rec taste like ?

Mmm.

The cinnamon bun.

Mmm.

Great.

Do ratings matter at this point for your show?

They don't.

Not like in my day.

No.

Ratings are very important.

Ratings were king and you know when we were doing Pains I had a network of children much like Fagan's pickpockets who would go to...

Nielsen family households?

They would go to electronic stores and watch, tune all the televisions in the showroom to go in Pains.

That's why they're all tuned to the same thing.

That's right.

Mmm.

Of course.

My army of children.

Okay.

When you say Pains, you know I don't know if this would upset you but sometimes I think about that show Royal Pains.

Does that bother you at all?

It does.

I wish that there was a sense of common decency in the television business but as you know there isn't one.

It would have been nice if someone had given us a heads up, hey we're going to use the word Pains in our title.

I would have said, well I'll see you in court.

I think any...

I may also be the defendant.

Any word that's used in any title of any TV show should not be used in another one.

It's too confusing.

For instance, the facts of life.

Yes.

Come on guys.

The Untouchables?

Guys, come on.

The Wire?

Yeah.

God.

That's why we didn't call it The Growing Pains.

Yeah.

It's very lucky, Amy, that Parks and Recreation is the first TV show to have the word and in it.

Yes, very lucky.

We were really surprised because we did a Nexus Lexus search of words and realized and had never been used.

The ampersand of course is...

All ampersands.

That's correct.

Quite a bit.

Will and Grace.

We almost had an ampersand.

It was almost growing in Pains.

And I was going to be Joshua Growing and Joanna was going to be Marsha Pains.

Sure.

And she insisted on her character being called Kearns.

Yes.

Yeah.

Yes.

And that just doesn't fit with Pains.

Which later we had to fix in ADR and have a sound-alike.

And what's weird is in your four months of rehearsal for every episode, she would get it right and then the minute the cameras are on, Kearns.

Yeah.

Crazy.

She's very unprofessional.

Yeah.

She was the worst, right?

Well, I think she's mentally ill.

Of course, yeah.

So Amy, anything else to plug?

No.

I probably should plug something else.

Upright Citizens Brigade.

Sure.

The website and the theater.

Just the idea of it.

Just the whole thing.

Yeah, the whole mentality.

Are you guys a cult, would you say?

What would constitute a cult?

Let's see.

People joining in a group mind.

Certain people being treated as all-knowing leaders.

Taking people away from their families and sort of separating them from their loved ones.

Right.

Yeah.

Creating an environment where people can have an interesting and often dysfunctional sexual experience with it.

Yeah, then I think we are.

I think we are.

Okay, great.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

Yeah, amazing.

Neil, what do you like to plug?

This will be interesting.

I'm teasing you, of course, because you've said that you're not a very interesting person.

It's true.

I watch the TV show Comedy Bing Bing and go to the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater.

Woo hoo!

Sure, of course.

I want to plug, hey, our tour starts this Saturday.

The Comedy Bing Bing Tour.

We're going to 12 different cities.

We're starting this Saturday in LA, then we're hitting the West Coast, going to the East Coast, the Midwest.

That's with, of course, myself, a very funny comedian named Paul F. Tompkins.

The Birthday Boys opening.

We're doing a couple shows in New York at this point, and it's going to be a big success.

That's great.

Yes.

If you want to see the live portions of the show, go to ear wolf.com store and you can follow us along on tour and you'll get them sent to you in the morning, every single morning.

That's very great.

Yes, thank you, Amy.

Well done on your technology and your talent and your content, your curation.

I like to be a content provider.

You're a content provider, curator, and a real tastemaker.

Thank you.

A pop culture enthusiast.

A mensch.

Thank you so much.

And thank you to William Winters, who donated $500 to Comedy Bang Bang.

My goodness.

Or to Earwolf Studio.

Thank you so much, William.

Something special coming to you.

That's great.

Alan, what do you like to plug?

Well, I'd like to plug a television show.

I did a multi-episode arc upon called The L.A. Complex.

It's a Canadian television show.

It's since been canceled.

Oh, of course.

Yeah.

Great show though.

I'd like to plug it.

I didn't get a chance to plug it before.

Martin Garrow was the creator.

Yes, great.

Yes, it's canceled, but I was on it.

They kept the film stock, so...

Sure, why wouldn't you?

You could still see it.

It's still available to see.

They haven't destroyed...

Do they keep every take?

They kept every single take.

Great.

Yes.

I would love to see an alternate cut.

Will the end of those episodes.

The unused takes have been sent into space.

They were put on a golden DVD.

That's what that movie Gravity is about, right?

That's exactly right.

Of course.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Here we go.

Closing up the plug bag.

Dingo, dingo, dingo, dingo, dingo, dingo.

Close it up, close it up, close it up, close it up.

Brow.

Sorry.

Well, that's the Alan Thicke remix of the Casey Wilson, Adam Pally remix of the Ken Marino Closing Up the Plug Bag theme.

Plug bag.

That was a bit of a blooper.

Tip of the hat to Kermit Shafer.

Did you have any bloopers during Growing Pains?

We had three.

I'd love to see those sometime.

And weirdly, Dom DeLuise was in all of them.

Yes, he would come in out of nowhere.

He'd slap someone.

Well, he would force us to slap him.

Oh my goodness.

It was weird.

I don't know how he was able to do that, but everyone to a man instinctively knew I must slap this fat intruder.

All right, guys, I'm hungry.

That means goodbye.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks, Amy.

Thanks, Neil.

Thanks, Alan.

Let's crank up the machine.

Bye bye, see you next week.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

Dot.

Com.

The wolf dead.
