---
layout: page
title: 246. Casey Wilson, June Diane Raphael [21722⧸21132].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

From Happy Endings and Saturday Night Live, Casey Wilson is here from NTSF, SDSUV, and the How Did This Get Made podcast, June Raphael is here.

Together they make up the writing team and stars of the new movie, Ass Backwards. We will talk about that.

Plus a couple of other ladies come in here to talk about something very serious. All of that and more all on today's ...

♪♪♪ If it looks like a duck and walks like a duck... It might be a goose. How am I supposed to know what a duck looks like and walks like?

I've never said I was a duck expert. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. If I tripped on that, it's merely because this person literally put the wrong words in this.

He says, if it looks like a duck and walks like it duck...

Come on, Michael Foley. Good catchphrase submission. I picked it. But then... you didn't spell it right.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. I mean, I guess you spelled it right. You didn't use the right words is what I'm trying to say.

Maybe that's what the author intended.

Really? You think so?

I don't know.

Let me try again. If it looks like a duck and walks like it duck... Walks like it duck. Is he trying to say walks like it ducks lowers its head?

We'll never get to the bottom of this. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. I am your host for another week, Scott Aukerman.

This is the podcast, Comedy Bang Bang.

Now, let me explain. What does that mean? Okay. iTunes back when it first started, back in the early 2000s, they started putting out... Let me back up even further. Back up more.

To the computer.

The computer. Great. Steve Jobs.

Further back up.

Alright. Well, cut to today. Podcasts are popular. You're listening to one. Cut further. Further and further. In the future. Okay. 2020. Thank you.

Alright. What do you think is going to change in seven years? Do you think anything will change? Like, what's happened... And I'll get to your introductions in a minute.

What's happened in the last seven? Let's establish that.

iPhones have certainly been...

iPhones are the last seven. The Kardashians.

Or what? They're with us. I mean, they've been around for longer than seven years. They've exploded onto the scene post sex tape. But you know, is anything big going to happen in the next seven years, do you think?

I feel like the big thing will be something in the realm of the automobile. What? Something that big. How do you mean?

Something that big. Something as big as the cotton gin? Yes . Really?

Something will be changing in the way that we travel in an everyday manner. You sound like the way you're saying it is that you know. Well, it's something I'm working on. Do you have inside info? What? Really? Oh, very much so. What is this contraption called? A flying car. What?

I feel like something... Well, you know, I think Apple will eventually come out with a car. The Apple car. Interesting.

I like... I think the Apple TV... It's the way everything is integrated. I think the Apple TV will be out by then.

The television set. That's definitely going to happen.

You think a car. I think flying cars are more trouble than they're worth. Just think of all the air traffic controllers. The guys pushing tin out there as they say.

The Billy Bob Thortons. Like the Yigs of the John Cusacks of the world. You know, they have to... How are you going to be able to fly around in a car? It's like vertical space .

Well, see, but you don't have to... You could obey the rules of the road, essentially, but you'd just be lev itating. Don't you mean the rules of the sky, Jim? Okay. You wouldn't be going that high anyway. Anyway... So you think you're just hovering off the ground? Pretty much, yeah.

I do want to mention we're in the last day of September and last week was our last week of the big fall TV season episodes. That was exciting. That was... Oh, man. Thrilling . Seeing all those new episodes. I had so many ha's.

Brooklyn Nine-Nine.

We had Brooklyn Nine-Nine two weeks ago. We had Amy Poehler last week. And... Jackson Recreation. Yeah. Now all the shows are out and we're not doing that anymore. All those shows about dads. So many shows about dads. So many dad shows. And some of them are reality shows. It's dads as...

Modern dads. I mean... It's real dads. It's fake dads. It's every kind of dad. Jumping into a pool. Jumping up in the air. Step dads. Bio dads. Bio dads? Maybe you're thinking of bio domes. Oh, yeah, that's the dome. That's a different show.

Under the bio dome. That would be a spinoff I'd like to see of Under the Dome where it's just the people in Chester's Mill watching bio dome. Because that's the only video tape they have. I've never seen that show. Under the Dome?

Really? Yeah. You gotta see it.

Okay, so September. We're at the end of September. All the shows are out. We are transitioning into movies now. Okay?

We're back in awards season. Stuff's coming out. The big Oscar bait movies. And to introduce you to exactly what...

I'm glad that Oscar bait leads you right to our movie. Our comedy. Yeah, what is the connection? Well, these two ladies I'm speaking to have a movie out and it will be eligible for Oscars in February. Which is why it's being released when it's being released. Of course. Of course.

Now, you know them separately from, let's see, June, you have a podcast on this very network. Oh my god. How did this get made? You're also on NTSF SUVS... Nope. Fuck. NTSF SD SUV. You... Burning Love. You were the star of the second series of Burning Love. You are inventing a flying car.

Yeah, I'm working on several other projects. Have nothing to do with the entertainment industry. June Raphael. Divers ifying. Hello. Hello, how are you? I'm so good. How are you?

Don't need to talk about that. Now, moving on to... You know her from Saturday Night Live. You know her from Happy Endings. That covers it, right? That's about it. That about does her. Please welcome Casey Wilson. Hello.

Now, together, the reason you're doing this together, you 've been friends for a while. Oh, quite some time. I believe I saw... Over a deck. I believe I saw your UCB sketch show, Road Hard and Put Away Wet, back in the year of our Lord, 2006 maybe? Sure. Somewhere around... Probably, yeah. 2006 in LA, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And you've worked together for a while. You... All of a sudden, say to yourselves, hey, you know what? We've been working together for a while, but you know what we haven't done? Is written a really awesome, successful movie. You're like, you know what? Let's do that today.

All of the sudden, cut to stars, glamour, glitz, hair, makeup, wigs, 6 a.m. calls, drivers, second meals, trailers , forced calls, hardwood, hedges, refrigerators.

Yes, then hard cut two, smash cut two. Now it's opening.

That's right. You have a movie together. It's called Ass Backwards. It is out today on VOD and iTunes. That's right.

It's already rocketing up the charts. I would say creeping in on number one because it has ass in the title and that's sexy or it's funny.

It's got an edge to it. Sure does. I remember when you could barely say kiss my grits on television and now you can put the word ass into a movie title? Things have changed, guys. Things have changed. What do you think we're going to be able to do by 2020?

Besides everything we've already outlined? Could you put out a movie called The Butthole Chronicles? That's a project I've been working on.

I think it was going to be that show that was on ABC for a while, the Be In Apartment 23. Happy Enigs? Oh, happy Enigs . I don't know if you heard of it. But it felt to me like the network executives were so excited to have the word bitch in the title. Like, oh, we're being crazy.

It could have, I believe, but then it just confused me because I was like, what are you talking about? What word are you saying that's in Apartment 23? Or is it literally, is there a big giant bee living in that apartment? I mean, I was confused.

Well, and then I feel like there was some campaign on their part to just have it be called like Apartment 23 or just the bee. Like I would see on the line. Don't trust the bee.

I took that marketing, that marketing got me good. I was like, I'm watching the bee.

Whittle down, whittle down, whittle down until it's just like, hey, watch the bee tonight. You know? And then it's just like, watch the. Anyway, guys, your movie Butthole Police is out on VOD right now. What does VOD stand for?

Video on demand, Scott. What? Video on demand. So essentially, because, you know, people have a chance to watch it before it's in theaters. It's a little bit more expensive right now, but well worth it. And then it will come out in theaters on November 8th. And then you could see it as God intended it, which is on the big screen.

Now, the theory is mugs, these mugs exist best blown up.

The theory behind that is not that, hey, it's more expensive because it's earlier. The theory behind that is like, get all your friends together.

That is the that is the. And that way, like, yeah, you're spending twenty dollars for it now. But if three of you watch it at the same time, that's cheaper than going out to the theater. Right.

Well, that's pretty much what happened with Bachelorette.

Like it did so well on VOD before the movie was out and then it did well in the theaters, too. And that's what's going to happen here, because it is a dynamite movie. I've seen it. Thanks, Scott. Thank you.

Yeah, we were together at Sundance. Did you see it there?

You saw it before. I saw it before. That's right. That's right. Because you had left you had left by the time our screening happened at Sundance.

OK, but talk about this movie. Go. OK. June and I wrote ass backwards over. It's kind of based on our lives. We went to NYU together and then it's based on our lives after college , where we lived in a shithole on St. Mark's Place in New York.

You lived together now. We did. We shared a bed and we shared credit cards and we had no money and we were basically just constantly building each other up in all the wrong ways to make each other feel good about our sad lives . And that's sort of where the title came from. Like we were just ass backwards about everything.

And it was also it's loosely based on an actual it's a road trip. Oh, I was gonna say this sounds like a sad movie with two sad people. Well, it is loosely based on a road trip we took to go perform at the Charleston Comedy Festival.

And it was just sort of curse to begin with. And we were driving in the wrong direction for a few days. That was June's fault. The travel plan I had laid out made no sense.

And this is not in the movie. I'm not giving anything away.

No spoilers. No spoilers. And she did this all to save one dollar. Go on.

Well, it was like I don't even come up with how it like I wouldn't even be able to do it now just because it was so cockamamie. But essentially we rented a car in one place.

We dropped that car off in another and at one point flew away from where we were going by six hours then drove it back.

Yeah, it was it was truly and all we had and we were really our friendship was breaking down like at every turn at every stop. All we had were these the CD book, my CD book, which was all just like musicals and Billy Joel and and this Les Mis CD which was just so scratched.

And this is in the movie, but we just were like, God damn it, you know, we want to listen to CDs. We don't have to talk to each other. So we listen to them so many times that we just memorized the skips on the CDs, which is a very funny scene in the movie where you guys are singing along to a skipping.

Yeah, CD and the but basically the movie is about it's not about you guys going to a comedy festival. It's about you guys find out about this beauty pageant that you used to compete at when you were in high school. Is that right? Or even younger, even younger? Yeah.

This is happening in your hometown. Yes. And you get the idea as grown ass women. Grown ass ladies to go back to compete because we had lost as children and their friendship was born.

Alicia Silverstone plays our nemesis and she's doing really fabulously. We're doing horribly and we decide to basically drive back home and kind of, you know, show the world and ourselves that we're not losers.

And this is it's a road trip in the in sort of like dumb and dumber in a whale. Yeah. In a whale. In a whale. So you guys basically drive into a whale stomach.

Yeah, it's dumb and dumber. We have to find our way out. In our own special way. Our ladies taking comedy back from the men. Here we go. Scott stay.

I asked the tough questions. You know, I really, I really like this movie because it is just like it's just, you know , when I read the script, I just thought it was like, Oh, wow, this is just like, you know, it's not really a female movie or anything.

It's just a funny movie that you guys happen to write with really interesting characters, but it's a movie that isn't like girls acting like guys, you know what I mean? Which a lot of times when people go, Hey, you know, are girls just as funny as guys?

It's like girls acting like bros or like, Hey, let's watch sports and, you know, talk about farting, you know? Right.

No, you guys are like very specific. You have very specific characters that only you guys could write that are very obviously female, but it is just as funny as any other movie. It's not a girly movie, if that makes sense.

That does. I feel that too. I think it's a hard, I don't, I don't know why it's not or I, or I guess I would love to say that was intentional in any way. Just sort of what came out. But.

Yeah. I mean, we knew we wanted to make a hard comedy and this kind of R rated road trip comedy, but I think we didn 't want it to have a wedding. Although, you know, we have a lot of fun with the pageant is really fun and stupid.

And, but yeah, we wanted to play, it's kind of, we're playing heightened characters and we love like Romeo and Michelle and Dumb and Dumber. Those it's in that mold, I would say.

It is. And you know, in that sense, they're, they're not, they're yeah, they're bigger characters, like Hazy said. So it's not like, it's not, you know, your everyday typical girl who's going through all the trials and tribulations of her life.

They are, they're a little strange.

June plays an egg donor and thinks she's like a big time business woman.

Yeah, they're a bit delusional and that's, you know, I haven't seen that type of sort of bigger comedy being done in a while and I'm excited for people to see that.

You've seen your own movie though, right?

No.

Oh no, I can't wait. Today I'm going to get it on BOD.

Me too.

I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait.

And we have really fun comedic guest stars.

Boo Bode and Jerk is in it.

Oh yes.

These are great.

A lot of, yeah, a lot of comedy bang bang regs. Paul Rust makes an appearance.

Paul Shearer.

Paul Shearer. Bob Odenkirk. And also John Cryer is in it, Vincent D'Onofrio.

Some great people, Vincent D'Onofrio is really funny.

Great putes.

So it's, yeah, I really like this movie and.

And you've really watched it progress from table read to table read to.

I have, went to table reads and stuff. I read early versions.

You've been a very huge supporter of the film. Thank you.

Well thank you so much.

These are really smart notes.

Thank you. That's why I wanted to have you on here. So you would finally admit it.

And you said you wanted us to read the notes you gave us.

Yes please.

And then see if we took them. Is that right?

Yes. Let's hear the first one.

Okay. Well there's a lot so.

Oh boy.

So you guys are filmmakers now.

So you must know about film trivia.

Oh God. Okay.

Orson Welles' first movie he directed was Citizen Blank.

Kane.

Very good.

Good one.

Very good. All right. You guys are going to do well.

But what are your favorite films I will also accept made for TV movies?

Oh thank you.

Because there's a lot of overlap there.

Favorite films.

Annie Hall.

Terms of Endearment.

Maybe it's just me but for me Annie Hall was where Woody Allen finally started getting a little more serious and added a little more pathos.

And you know for me it's one of his best films.

Just for you.

I love that.

Just for you. Yeah.

Have you seen Blue Jasmine?

I did. I saw it the other day.

I haven't seen it yet. No spoilers. Please.

Okay. Well and this is what I've been wondering about this.

Is saying the title of a movie a spoiler?

Shouldn't movies not have titles if people are that concerned about spoilers?

Shouldn't you just like get to the theater and just pick something?

Right. Like number one, number two.

Yeah. And then whatever happens to be there.

Right. No spoilers.

You know what I mean?

Like Blue Jasmine in itself is kind of a spoiler.

Yeah. It's like well you know the end now.

I know. Where we're headed.

Sort of.

When I hear Blue Jasmine.

What do you think. When you hear Blue Jasmine what do you think it's about?

Okay. Only because I've heard people talking about Cate Bl anchett's performance.

I feel it's about a woman.

By the way I have no idea why I think this.

I really don't know anything about the plot of this movie.

Sure. But this is interesting to see what you know.

Yeah. It is. In my mind this is about a woman who is maybe struggling with mental illness.

Okay.

And there's a love story.

You're getting this from the title?

Just from the title.

Okay.

And there's a, and I feel like she's wealthy.

Or am I right?

Yeah.

On both?

You're obviously getting stuff from people who have talked about this.

No, no. You guys I'm telling you I have, I know nothing about the plot of this movie.

Okay. But you.

I've only heard that Cate Blanchett gives an amazing performance.

That is the only thing I've heard about the.

You've never read one review of it.

No I haven't read a review because I want to see it.

So you're already getting that she's wealthy and she's struggling with mental illness.

No I'm telling you because of the title Blue Jasmine I thought to myself she must be struggling.

That's what that makes you think. Because Jasmine, what is, that says wealth to you? Or?

I have seen photographs.

Okay. Here we go.

I've seen a still photo or two.

All right.

You're like I've read some deep analyses.

This experiment is suspect already.

But I have not seen the trailer. Otherwise I remain completely objective.

But I think even the stars that are in a movie is a spoiler . You know what I mean?

Right.

Like shouldn't all of a sudden Blue Jasmine comes up you're like.

Oh Blue Jasmine. Oh that's Cate Blanchett I think.

You know.

And you're already drawing conclusions.

Although in that movie is a good example with Andrew Dice Clay you are thrown a bit for a loop.

Mm hmm.

I think.

Yeah but shouldn't it be better of like instead of hearing oh Andrew Dice Clay gives a great performance.

You just hear A B C.

You just yeah. Exactly.

And all of a sudden B comes up. Oh that's Andrew Dice Clay.

Oh F is in this.

No even more than that. That's that character.

Right.

You know what I mean.

Right.

Anyway I don't know I don't get it. I don't get why we have to title movies.

Ask backwards to me like that already is like I know too much about the movie.

Right.

Really.

Mm hmm.

You know all of it.

I just don't know how would you talk about the movie ever though.

You would never. That's the other thing you are never allowed to talk about any piece of art.

Wow.

Ever.

So my podcast would be taken off the air immediately.

That's right. Now your podcast let's talk about this. How did this get made.

A great show. I've been on it a couple of times.

You talk about shitty movies.

Yeah but like movies that are kind of comically.

Comically that and what is your catchphrase again.

It's not like a review show.

My catchphrase? Do I have one?

Yeah I believe you do because we have Jason Manzukas on the show.

Your catchphrase is how did this get made.

You put the emphasis on this.

Jason's is this is next level bonkers and literally.

Oh you mean what people have done memes of and stuff.

Yeah what is your catchphrase.

Oh I know.

May I ask a question. Is that what it is.

Probably. And also this is really upsetting.

I feel like your catchphrase would be what I just started to say is like I feel like.

I feel that maybe.

Can I just say something.

Can I interject.

If I may.

You had a lot to say about tornadoes in the Sharknado episode that I did.

You had a lot of theories about them.

And by the way I haven't researched any any other info about tornadoes.

Is that how you do your podcast you don't you just glean from the title.

Well without having watched anything.

No we did watch the movie but Scott was really taking the piss out of me because I said from what I know of tornadoes .

And he wanted to know exactly what I knew of tornadoes.

It was very little.

Yeah did we come up with much.

Yeah no.

She had her theories about tornadoes that mainly proved to be unfounded.

From what I know.

Yeah.

Casey podcast of your own.

None.

OK.

Any in the works.

Working ideas but.

The podcast is truly the new one man show.

It really is although there's two other men in your.

That's true.

So now Casey what's going on with happy endings is that.

That's not coming back.

It is not not coming back now movie in the works.

Do I.

Yeah happy endings movie.

Is that ever going to happen.

You know that has that that idea has not been floated yet but I'm going to float it out there.

OK.

And Veronica Mars.

Yeah exactly.

Yeah.

Some sort of Kickstarter at some point.

Well at some point I think Sony did float not to call them out but kind of floated the idea that you know maybe a Kickstarter and everyone was just kind of like why would anyone give a Kickstarter.

To a billion dollar company.

Exactly.

A little.

Keep the show going.

Yeah.

Bolt.

Wait a kick.

Hold on.

OK back up.

Yeah.

This is not for a movie.

To Sony for the licensing fees.

Like can you imagine.

Like I really want to chip in on those licensing fees for Sony.

OK.

Well I think I think it's time to kind of lay down our swords.

Sure sure.

And.

Once asked backwards now that it's out.

How are your lives going to change do you think what's.

I don't know.

I think it won't be back here.

I will not be back here.

Wait do you mean on this podcast or your own podcast.

No I won't be back on this block.

Yeah.

Nope.

Straight to the tap.

I think we're going to blow up in a way that people cannot even anticipate.

Would be my guess.

OK.

Yeah I agree.

I think it's just.

I don't think it's going to be easy for either of us.

I'm not talking to you.

To you.

To anyone in here again.

I think we're going to have to listen this trends.

I don't know how we're going to handle the stardom.

Have you guys always chased fame.

I hope we hit rock bottom.

Have you guys always chased fame and has the idea of money ruled your life at all.

100 percent.

June can I tell them what you've emailed our agents.

Sure.

You might.

Not a joke.

June has emailed agents a couple times get us money.

And when they've replied like haha I will write back just the money sign over the dollar bills over and over and over.

I think it's like people are expecting us to be like very cute it's like where's our money.

Get us money.

And now is this money that doesn't exist yet like future jobs or just any money.

Yeah any money.

Yeah they're feeling it's not always just chasing down existing money it's it's new money.

Yeah it's new money as well.

It's also like get out of your meetings.

Get out of your retreat.

And like you have a spare moment.

Just come away.

Find me money.

Yeah.

Just do it.

That gets you rank these in order of importance.

Love, money, sex, friendship.

Oh my gosh.

Food.

Food is first.

You have to have it to survive.

Yeah and I personally well you struggle with it too we both struggle with low blood sugar.

Sure but three times a day you should be eating right?

Yeah but.

At least.

Yeah.

Unless you're playing four or Wolverine you should be eating eight times a day.

Dehydration.

Yeah Casey has been hospitalized a number of times.

Twice for dehydration.

When?

Well I think it was our sophomore year of college.

I was like can you come get me?

I was like where are you?

She's like the student health center.

I'm like are you okay?

She's like yeah just come just come now.

I don't know what's wrong with me.

I went over and she was hooked up to an IV.

It was very upsetting to see and she had been admitted for dehydration.

That's happened since and the problem is I have a hard time drinking a ton of water and I'm dehydrated a lot.

I don't like water and when I drink it I have to go to the bathroom a ton and I'll tell listeners what's going on currently.

Yeah what's happening down there?

Things have been stepped up to another level where I have been, this is not a joke, prescribed a medication to mask my urges.

Which means I am on a medication so that I can drink more water but don't have to pee so much.

Basically to make her more camel-like.

They have a medication to make you not want to pee.

You have to pee but you don't want to anymore?

I think I said the phrase masks my urges.

You don't feel the urge anymore.

The grossest phrase in the human language.

It's prescribed for like astronauts and truck drivers.

People who literally like their jobs.

Not mid to low level actress comedians.

Their lives depend on them not taking breaks.

Because everyone's like you are chronically dehydrated you must drink more water so I am drinking it and then literally it's like I can't get to bathrooms quick enough.

I have a very small bladder.

How many times were you thinking you were peeing a day?

Or how many were you just peeing?

I'll tell you if I'm drinking a glass of water, a normal glass of water I probably have to go to the bathroom four to five times.

Per glass?

Per glass.

Can I say something else on this issue though?

And this is not about you.

June told me a number of times it seems to be about something else.

Well I do think it's about something else but I also think that toilet bowls were created for men.

This is what our OBGYN has told us.

I told June but I love that you're telling me as though she just tried to pass this off as though she came up with this.

I told you this.

Go on.

You did tell me.

I appreciated it.

I'll tell our listeners.

Toilet bowls were created for men so when women go to pee our pelvises are at an angle.

So when we think we're done guess what Scott?

We still got some rustling around in there.

But we can't feel it because of the physics of the toilet bowl.

What angle should they be at?

When you're done?

You're leaving yourself.

I'm sorry to go here.

You then tip forward to where your hands are touching the ground.

But don't touch the ground because it's a bathroom.

It's sort of like a yoga pose.

A hover.

Yeah.

And it will tilt your pelvis forward and empty out your bladder.

And you'd be surprised when I started doing it.

You'd be very surprised at what's left up there.

You do it every time you do it now.

Absolutely.

It's a really weird thing to do but.

If they were designed for women they would have been at an angle.

It would be at a steep like a 45 degree or something.

These are the kind of forward thinking kind of feminist type things you'll find out in this background.

Well here's the thing.

Let's get these toilets going because men wouldn't care.

You know what I mean?

For them it doesn't matter actually.

It doesn't matter.

So why shouldn't it be more of what you guys.

Well actually it does matter because I think.

Well I'll ask you.

I think for a man to.

Look several things happen in the bathroom.

Sure.

Yeah let's establish that.

Yeah.

Several things happen on a toilet bowl.

Right now we're talking about number one.

OK.

But.

Number two are you thinking the angle maybe it might like drip down and slip down.

I think for number two the angle that the toilet bowl is currently constructed at is actually better for number two.

OK so here.

You know I hate talking about that.

Let's get this done.

Let's get this done by 2020.

Let's have a toilet bowl that you can adjust for one or two .

Like all of a sudden you press a button and it like gets you up on that angle and guys don't have to use it.

But then all of a sudden there's like I'm sure there's going to be arguments of like honey why didn't you put the toilet down.

Oh wouldn't that be funny.

Yeah.

Oh wouldn't that be funny.

Yeah.

Oh man.

Let's get this done.

I wouldn't mind it.

I'd be into it if it helped you guys.

You know what I mean?

It would help us quite a bit.

And I'd like to see these pee pills free for everyone.

Yeah what's the worst thing you've ever stolen.

Biggest thing not worst thing.

I mean.

Other than hearts and ass backwards.

Other than America's hearts and minds.

You guys weren't kleptomaniacs.

I like I remember feeling like I have authority.

I was like stealing eyeliner from a Duane Reade but I still feel badly about it.

I used to when I was little I'd go to the little green store down the street and I would say one time I said it was my birthday and I had my friends sing every birthday so that I could get a Fifth Avenue bar.

And but then I am so scared of authority my hands were shaking by the time I got home I just told both my son and my parents like to the foyer I was like I've done something and they walked me back and I'm just too scared.

I just did this the other day with you at dinner.

They all sang happy birthday to me.

I didn't like it I'll tell you that.

In my heart I was like this is raw.

Didn't they say they came up to the table said what are you guys celebrating and we just said that's my birthday and then they came out and brought a cake.

But the waitress like halfway through she had the candle she was singing she just walked away she was like happy birthday and she just walked away.

Everyone walked away after I don't want to say but everyone just walked away in the middle of this happy birthday to you happy birthday boom they were gone.

I think they knew halfway through our we were kind of lacklusterly singing I think they knew this guy's lying.

Yeah that must happen all the time.

What amount of what percentage of birthdays are real?

In the world.

Let's put this worldwide.

Let's cast a worldwide net over this.

I feel like at restaurants.

I'm talking any situation.

Like when someone says it's my birthday.

I don't I don't know what other situation there would be but I feel like to move on with my life I have to assume that at least 50 percent are real.

Yeah I think just move forward.

I think 10 percent of the time if anyone ever says hey it's my birthday I think 10 percent of the time it actually is their birthday.

I want to say 90.

I don't have any statistics to back me up but hey.

Actually felt this is a terrible feeling though knowing that you spent a long time with someone or spoke to someone on the day of their birth and didn't acknowledge it.

I've done a number of times and I always feel terribly.

Once we're once we're past 30 it's it shouldn't feel no one care about birthdays anymore.

Well it does feel strange past 30 to say to someone who you don't know that well like by the way today is my birthday feels so naked.

Yeah it's just so wrong.

But there have been times I've wanted to say like just so you know today is my birthday.

Why what do you want from them?

Just so you know that this entire interaction I've been working under the fact that it's my birthday.

Just like a little you know just like taking into consideration I'm not asking for anything different.

Well comedy fans it's your birthday today because ass backwards comes out today on VOD.

iTunes Amazon is that a thing?

Unclear I would say you can definitely get it on iTunes.

If you just Google search or Bing ask backwards do you have to put ass backwards June Casey will that get more hits?

I would put ass backwards movie.

There we go or film what if people want to call it a film is that OK?

It's very much a film.

Motion picture what if they say ass backwards the motion picture?

Perfect you'll find.

Do you have all those web domains?

Every single one.

Most of the budget was spent on just different variations of what that website could be.

And I'm pretty proud of that.

Fantastic well I want to get into kind of the where you started in life after we take a break here like what what kind of I don't know for lack of a better word actors pain that you guys have just really like what you know what's hurting inside and what you know kind of made you start yes Casey by the way you're sitting in the shortest chair compared to everyone you look like a toddler.

Before we go there and that all sounds really great.

Could I pee?

Got to pee.

All right let's take a break when we come back we'll have more June more Casey right after this comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang welcome back to the show and during the break Casey and June went to the restroom together and they did not return.

That said we have our next guest here on the show and they seem to be very interesting people.

They have some important information they say that they want to share with our listeners.

Please welcome Janelle and Jolene Johnson.

Hey Scott are you okay Janelle?

Scott oh my god this is crazy.

First of all thank you for having us on.

Thank you so much.

My pleasure.

Are you okay?

Sorry which one are you?

I'm Janelle this is my sister Jolene.

Janelle are you okay?

I'm okay.

We're very shocked right now.

Our sister is missing.

And we wanted to we need to just get the word out and we really want to enlist your listeners for all their help because we are absolutely devastated.

Our sister Janine we're triplets so you can imagine our bond is so close.

Unbelievable.

I mean it's like it's unbelievable she's been she's been missing.

I was gonna say you look like twins but you're actually.

We are.

You are well no you're triplets.

Well we're triplets.

We're missing.

You're two thirds triplets.

You're not twins.

We're missing our weakest link.

I mean not weakest but you know.

Can I.

It's like we're missing ourselves right now and you know I 'm sorry we're not like radio ready or whatever you call it.

We're very panicked right now.

We're very panicked.

I mean how would you feel if you lost your triplet?

You know you wouldn't feel good.

Can I ask a procedure.

Janine Johnson.

Procedural question.

Yeah.

If you lose a triplet does that make you guys twins?

I don't want to think about that.

I don't want to think about that okay.

I'm sorry.

That would be in the event of her death.

It just popped in my head and I just was wondering if you guys had planned that far in advance.

No we haven't because.

Okay I'm sorry.

I don't mean to be crass about it.

She's missing.

She's not dead.

What happened?

Can you tell me exactly what happened?

Oh God it's so terrible.

I really want to let the listeners know that if there's any any information they have.

If you see her.

If you hear about her.

Please we've we've set up a Gmail account.

What is her name?

Janine Johnson.

J A N I N E J O H S O N.

Janine Johnson.

No T in Johnston.

Okay so it's Johnson.

No Johnson.

Okay great.

And a little bit about her.

Okay so you know you see that we have you know beautiful long blonde hair and bright blue eyes.

She looks not like us.

No she's very different.

Okay.

Her face looks kind of like not as bright.

I don't know how.

I would say that she's.

God I miss her like crazy.

I love her so much.

Kind of like a mousier.

Like you know that term poor man's version.

Yeah.

I don't know that I've ever heard it applied to humans.

Oh she's like kind of like a poor man's version of us.

Is just what some high school kids started saying a long time ago which isn't right but it is also true and right now we're trying to find her so we're trying to tell you what she looks like.

Yeah yeah yeah.

Wait is she's not identical to you two?

She is.

But like she also.

She's let herself go.

And loves loves loves to eat and she's kind of a good time gal in that way and she's.

What do you mean a good time gal?

You know she loves the drink she loves the eats.

Oh I see.

So she hasn't been as fortunate as Jolene and I have in just the way of like popularity and like.

Yeah.

And I hate to say this it's just I want her found.

Well yeah the more information we have about her the better so.

Absolutely.

Are you suggesting people should take a look at your picture and then imagine someone.

Well I am maxed out in terms of like Facebook friends.

I have five thousand and my sister you don't have as many as me but you do have a lot so it's going to.

You can view my page if you want to become friends maybe send me a private page.

That message or something and that'd be awesome.

But people could just look at the page.

Are you asking for people to befriend you or.

If they want they could do both.

That's all I'm saying.

We just don't want our accounts getting shut down I guess is what we're saying.

Oh too much activity.

Well look.

God it's so hard.

And again this is this is about Janine this is not about us .

Sure.

But to give you context of what she looks like she looks very similar to us like she could be our twin.

In fact she really is just not as attractive.

Does she have her own Facebook page that people could look at?

Very few views not a lot of likes.

But people could still look at it if it exists.

I mean.

Yes that is correct.

And let me just say this because I really want my sister back.

If you meet her like OK let's say if you meet us you'd be like I love those girls like they're so fun.

Right.

And if you meet her you might be like.

You might be like oh that woman that that bank teller was nice.

Oh she's a bank teller?

Before she lost her job.

Yeah.

How did she lose her job.

I mean I would.

She is.

Yeah.

You don't want.

I mean we should I mean the more information we have the better.

You know the more luck we'll have in finding her if we know she's a former bank teller and exactly why she lost her job that might help out the search.

She's a former bank teller.

She had a pretty serious gambling addiction.

OK.

Online gambling.

Online poker.

That sort of thing.

Sure online gambling and online poker.

And online poker.

Yeah.

I mean it took a turn for the worse this year.

And she's obviously not been in a great spot which is why we're in the position we're in right now.

Like her house is like disgusting.

Oh.

You know what I mean.

I hate to say this because.

But this is all to get her back and that's what we really want to point out like if you see her you know she doesn't have.

God I don't want to say this.

Her she has a bigger build a bigger frame.

She's a bigger frame.

Terrible skin.

You know sweaty.

OK yes.

Sweats a lot.

That's a great detail.

If you see someone with sweat stains under her arm.

And not just under her arms.

Perc up.

To be honest not just under her arms.

Maybe from every orifice.

Oh OK.

Yeah.

So someone who's sweating out of their mouth.

Their their underarms.

They're behind their knees maybe.

Well you know more specifically and I just want her found.

So if you're making a sketch of her to put up we've also included that she's sweats from her.

I'm sorry.

No.

It's not our fault.

We didn't do anything.

We didn't do this.

We didn't ask for this.

Damn her.

Keep her in your prayers.

Please everybody pray for her too.

Please everybody pray for her.

We have to turn this over because it's honestly gotten so hard for us.

Imagine our lives.

OK here we are.

You know I'm a successful psychic slashed colon hydro therapist.

Oh I didn't know that about you but OK.

And I know obviously I'm a dental hygienist.

Obviously so our lives are so busy.

Yeah.

When when did she disappear.

Are you still having about two months.

Two and a half today.

My goodness.

And what happened you.

You went over to her disgusting house and.

Man well it was you know it was dad's birthday.

And which is usually the only day we see her.

And honestly we would have gotten the word out earlier.

I'm sorry to interrupt.

It's just been so crazy but go on.

No it was dad's birthday.

And you know we went to go to her house which is.

Joanne said is a real you know.

It's a real pigsty over there.

So you celebrate over why don't you celebrate.

To pick her up and bring her to dad.

And here's the thing.

Yeah she doesn't have her own car.

No no God no.

How does she travel.

Well.

I mean I don't know.

I don't really know honestly.

She's like I said a heavyset gal so I was banging on the door I'm like where are you let's get in the fucking car I'm texting her you know because she's always like.

She's late she's always like not dressed and I might get the fuck out of the house is what I'm texting her you know.

And nothing I mean and then I'm like opening the door and I 'm telling you it was like skeletons of like I feel like there was like cat skeletons or like rat skeletons.

Yeah so that was see that was two months ago but Joanne honestly that was two months ago now and I'm thinking maybe she had been gone even longer.

Really.

Because.

You know because.

It had been a year since you'd seen her.

Well yeah we only see her on dad's birthday.

Right.

And then she's been gone for like back to 14 and a half months she's been gone.

And see let me give a little context about our family if I can because like obviously you know Jolene and I are like superstars in the town and our dad is like so great and see he has been telling us since we were little that something like this could happen.

He's told Jolene and I over and over again you guys are insanely molestable.

We.

Like since from an early age we've had to live with this burden of just our beauty.

Not so much for our sister which is why it's so crazy that it was her that's been kidnapped.

That's what they say it's the thing that you don't expect that of course is going to happen.

I mean who would have expected that.

Wait.

What.

Look Scott all we're saying is.

Find our sister.

Find our sister please listeners and again if anyone was going to have been raped and killed it would have been one of us.

I wish it was me.

Me too.

Can I ask you can I just point of order can I ask you a quick.

Your father said this to you guys.

Many times.

Did he I mean did he ever take action upon this?

Oh don't be disgusting.

Don't be disgusting.

Oh my God.

He was saying it as a compliment and please take it as such .

No he was very nervous about something like this happening but again only about the two of us.

He specifically said that only to the two of you?

Yes in fact he said you know Janine you don't have to listen to this speech like you can go watch cartoons.

Would she not listen to it?

Would she go watch the cartoons or would she stay and listen to it?

No I don't know what she used to do sometimes she'd go out to a woodshed and just sit there and cry I don't know.

Okay are you I'm very confused right now because there's two things I think that could have happened a she might have just gotten tired of all of you guys and just like took off maybe I mean like doesn't want to talk to you guys anymore?

I want to just say I find it really upsetting that you would blame her beloved sisters who are doing everything we can to look for her.

Everything we can.

All we want is her back.

Yeah okay well.

What I would give to see her again next year on dad's birthday.

Like all I want is to stare at those dull eyes.

And those greasy ass bangs.

Oh okay.

That matted matted.

Excuse me I'm sorry this is hard.

Is your father a suspect can I ask?

Yes he is.

He is okay.

He absolutely is.

Which is hard too you know.

They always look at the family members though you know that from TV that's the first place they're gonna look it has nothing to do about.

They were upset okay I guess the police were upset that we didn't call them for so long.

Oh how long did you just waited until when?

This morning.

What really?

I know.

Yeah that's no good.

But I have been saying to every one of my colon hydrother apy clients my sister's missing and they're like I didn't know you had another sister and I 'm like yes of course I do.

Then you explain the situation to them of how you guys grew up kind of separate and yeah.

And I've been telling all of my patients you know while they're getting worked on them I have a sister who's missing right now and I describe her and you know so it's not like we've been not doing anything.

It's not like we haven't been getting worked out.

Really I take actually a great amount of offense to that.

I don't mean any offense I just think that you guys and I don't even think I said anything you could take offense at but I think that you could have widened the net perhaps a little bit to more than just people you run into in your jobs.

I mean.

Well that's why we're here.

Okay.

Yeah.

Better late than never.

This is like you know we wanted to go to a podcast specifically you know that had a lot of listeners so you're welcome I guess now we're getting you know treated this way that's fine.

I mean if you would have gone on another popular podcast say how did this get made you know I mean you would have had to have talked about movies the entire time and what you guys want to talk about is your sister and that's why this is such a great forum for that.

I'm sorry you guys I'm getting really sad because I'm just starting to think that like my sister left me so many messages the week that she you know went missing like frantic frantic messages and it's like see I blocked her so I don't I never got any of that stuff wait of course I feel terrible about what are these messages say.

The messages were like I'm scared I feel like something weird is going on.

I you know and just like just nonsense and it's like nonsense.

That's not nonsense.

She ended up missing.

How could that be nonsense.

Wow.

Did she ever say who weird going on with whom.

Look she wasn't a great speller so there were always a lot of spelling mistakes in her text and like sometimes the text came in like really fast like you know when someone doesn't just wait to send the whole thing like it's just like here like help me something weird is going on I feel unsafe.

It's like put it all in one right or use an emoji like please like get it with the times please.

She you know you know our sister can I just say she did not have an iPhone 5.

OK so that's like also put that and we should put that in the picture.

Does not have iPhone 5 if you see this sweaty woman with horrible hair and bad skin if she's holding an iPhone 5 this is not our sister.

That's not going to be her.

Right OK but if she does not if she is not brandishing the latest in iPhone technology this may very well be it may be our sister.

And let me just say if you think you see her look if you even see like a little sparkle in her eye or that's not her.

She's so boring like that's the thing people need to remember like she's so boring.

Don't go looking for someone who's like having glass of wine.

Well I mean.

OK.

But if you strike up a good.

Like having fun that is not our sister.

Couldn't be hard.

If you strike up a conversation with someone and you're enjoying it this is not her.

No.

Look for someone.

There's no way it could be her.

It takes no joy from life.

Who is just like.

Really bitter really sad.

Really negative.

Yeah just like a negative outlook on life.

That's her and we miss her so much and we are I will we are literally like not whole people.

We have a reward.

I think we should talk about that.

Oh yeah.

I mean I would hope that people.

I'm giving a colon hydrotherapy session.

And I'm doing a free teeth whitening session at the dentist 's office.

Dr. Koplovitz.

Do you have his permission for that.

No I get that.

It's pending.

OK.

You were going to do that.

What if he says no.

Will you end up paying for it yourself or.

No if it says no that I guess it's off.

OK so maybe that should be an addendum to this reward.

OK.

OK great.

So our sister's been kidnapped.

We don't know who did this.

It's honestly dear listeners and we really like to find her if anyone could look for her before Christmas.

What area.

Fun plans.

What area was she last seen in.

Toluca Lake.

Toluca Lake great area.

And what.

These messages can you.

Did you delete them or do you.

I'll tell you.

I actually called her backwards.

I mean you know this but.

I called her and we got into like a humongous fight like I was just like please.

I'm like I don't have time to talk to you.

You drive me fucking crazy.

You make me want to fucking kill you.

You know right.

So it's just yeah.

And then like the two of us had gone over to her place you know because there's there's a lot of debt and a lot of financial issues she had gotten involved in.

Right.

You know she borrowed a healthy amount of money from us in the past.

So the two of us just went over.

That was unfortunately the last time we saw her and it brings tears to my eyes.

So you did see her before.

Right before she went hissing.

But here's the thing about it we were like super heated when we saw her so it's sometimes like hard to remember it was like a white rage.

Yeah when you can't even remember what you did.

OK.

Was the phrase you're worth more dead than alive ever uttered.

Yes that was actually you said that.

I think I did.

Huh.

Interesting.

Did you say that or did I.

You know I don't remember now but it was it was a crazy night that night.

Which night was it was it the night before this before you found her missing.

It was the night she disappeared.

OK.

And I think it was probably like about the exact same time that she went missing.

Yeah.

Was the night that I went over there with a crowbar arrested pipe and you had a big hammer and you had some dental equipment.

Dental equipment?

Yeah Dr. Koplovitz is very generous which is why I assume it's going to work out with the teeth wiping.

Is he going to give the teeth wiping in session or not?

I feel like how could it not you know how could it not.

He was generous with the dental equipment that night though .

Yeah I just said can I sort of sign this out for the night and he said no problem.

He didn't ask any questions about their use.

No he likes her.

Everyone loves her.

Thank you.

Because she's so pretty.

It's a funny joke we have because obviously I look just like her.

I know you look so beautiful.

So find our sister.

OK.

Yeah this is you know.

This is a rough situation for you.

This is a really I know this is a comedy podcast.

I know that you guys like to make jokes.

Well not right now.

No no I mean right now it's very serious and we want we want to get the word out.

I would file this one under toughie.

Yeah and I want to say you know I want to say thank you for having us on you know and giving us the airplay forum to really really talk about find our sis.

I think and you know I'm maybe you don't want me to speculate here but I think it's your dad.

I really do.

You know I think I think your dad might have something to do with that night.

Yeah it's the night she disappeared.

Yeah there's no way there's no way it's dad.

You have no idea.

Our dad's the most awesome guy in the world.

Really yes.

He's the most awesome guy.

I've only heard one fact about him.

What's this now.

I said our dad's really cool and no no I think you said he 's sexy like he's like sexy you know he's just like don't make it like that that's so gross .

That's so gross.

Okay and all I'm saying is he was not there that night so I really don't think it was him because we were honestly the only ones there.

Yeah how could it be him.

We had talked to him before.

Sure.

But we went we did it.

We went over there.

What I'm saying is we went over there and we saw her.

We took care of her is what we.

Yeah okay well good luck guys.

I mean this is Janine Johnson.

J-L-E-S-I-N-E-J-O-H-N-S-O-N.

Okay well this is very serious but can you guys stick around for another segment maybe play a game.

Absolutely I'd love to.

I have nowhere to be.

Let's take a break when we come back more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we're back here with Janelle and Jolene Johnson and they have a missing sister of course.

Janine Johnson.

How do people contact you or the authorities what happens here.

The website is let's just say it together www.findjanine.

com.

You seem a little shakier on it than Janelle does.

So why did you want to say it together.

Well I wasn't sure if we had said it.

I have to talk to Dr. Koppelwitz because it's you know I had asked him if he could sort of on that.

I know because I got his website together.

Oh wait so.

Hold on did he call you back last night.

No.

We'll figure it.

So his website redirects to your to your site now.

There's a lot of moving pieces when your sister goes missing that's what I have no idea like we have full time jobs and now this is an entire other shift.

I cannot juggle this.

It's it's women cannot do it all.

It's crazy.

No I've got a lot on my plate.

Everybody says they can they can't.

Try having a sister go missing or become dead at your hand.

Yeah that would be tough for anyone.

Well I hope you guys get to the bottom of this.

I mean this is a mystery.

Thank you.

And thank you for your listeners.

A true who done it.

Yeah it's I just hope.

Here's what I hope.

I hope it's over by Christmas so we can have a great holiday.

You know we have a lot of fun plans scheduled for Christmas .

You don't see your sister on Christmas though.

No but I would just like this wrapped up instead.

For her dad.

Wrapped up.

That's like a pun.

A Christmas pun wrapped up.

Not bad.

You're really pretty by the way.

Thank you.

Hey.

That's kind of a joke we do.

That's fun.

Well good luck to you girls.

But you know it's time for a little something that we like to play on the show.

A little something we call Would You Rather.

Sounds fun.

What's that?

You're whispering into the mic?

Nope nothing.

She got a text from Dr. Koplovitz.

Why what's Dr. Koplovitz?

He just said we're a go with the teeth whitening special.

They're also they've been I'm sorry seeing each other aren 't they?

Yeah.

You and Dr. Koplovitz?

That's correct.

Yep.

Okay so.

So he can offer it fully discounted but he'll he's willing to take 10 percent off.

So that's.

So are you are you going to pay for the other 90?

What's happening here?

No we don't have the money to pay for that.

Basically what I'm offering though is a 10 percent discount .

But what if people find Janine and they say okay where's my free teeth whitening then what do you do?

I'll say it's a great service.

And you have a psychic reading from me of course I'm a psychic.

Right of course.

As well as a cool and hydro therapist.

What kind of psychic are you?

I just tell the future like if any horrible event or anything happens like I can just I know what's coming out.

How did you not know this was going to happen to you then?

You know it's so weird.

I just didn't.

You know I had no clue.

That is weird.

Yeah I think sometimes with psychics things that are the closest to them they can't see but like she could probably tell you anything.

Right.

About you.

Just do a quick read of him.

Yeah yeah.

I would love to hear about myself.

Unkot unkot unkot.

What's your name?

It's Scott.

Say she's like amazing at it.

Well I mean I said it at the top of the show.

Anyway okay.

Yes.

What areas of your life would you like to see the future?

In accidents happening to me.

Lots.

Oh god you should be careful.

Lots.

Lots are going to happen.

Be careful.

Will I ever go will I go missing?

Most likely.

Oh wow.

Not today I hope.

Not today but soon.

Soon.

Alright alright.

Well that's really interesting.

Creepy huh?

Creepy stuff yeah well good reading.

Really makes you think.

I told her about Dr. Koflovitz.

She believed me.

What did you say?

She was like.

I was like this isn't going to be like super serious because he's married you know but I'm like it's going to be like a love of your life.

Right.

And you were like it's going to start it's going to be a guy whose name starts the letter P and I was like what?

What's his first name?

Frank.

Alright.

It's time to play our game.

We all know how this is played.

You'll send me would you rather scenarios to our Twitter which is at CBBWIR comedy bing bing would you rather and then I read them out loud I'll open the floor for questions you can ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios okay.

It's tough to play a game right now but let's do it.

Okay well I expect you to be your best.

Thanks.

Okay this is what your sister would want.

Oh my god that's a great point.

That's so nice.

This is absolutely what she would want.

We don't have a ton of time because we're going to happy hour down the street which is also very hard to do when your sister is missing.

Yeah.

Why are you going to happy hour?

To have a drink.

With whom?

Lots of friends.

Frank.

We're celebrating.

Yep.

Celebrating?

It's our birthday.

It's your birthday today?

Yeah.

We didn't want to say anything.

It's so weird to say after you're 30 like that it's your birthday.

Yeah.

But I've been working this entire time kind of under the fact that it is my birthday.

Yeah.

Oh okay.

So it's your sister's birthday as well.

Yeah.

Oh my god.

It is.

I totally forgot.

I did.

It is.

Wow.

It makes it even a tougher day.

This makes it like a really hard day.

Should people then be asking people they see on the street, boring, sweaty people without an iPhone like, is it your birthday?

That's a great idea.

I mean she's technically, you know, we were born about a minute.

I think people lie about that.

You think so?

I think like 10% of the time it's actually someone's birthday.

So if I were the people searching for people I wouldn't be out there shouting, is it your birthday?

Because so many people say yes and then it's not them.

Okay, so don't do that.

Yeah, don't do that.

So in any case, we got to get done with this before happy hour.

Yeah, it stops at 7pm.

Okay, well we have a few more minutes here.

It's about 6.48 at this time.

I also just doubt our sicil answer because...

Oh because...

Oh that's true.

I forgot about that.

Okay.

I'm gonna just ignore that and move on with the game.

This comes to us from John Severs.

John asks, would you rather watch every James Bond movie back to back for the rest of your life or use the word butthole in every sentence?

Watch every James Bond movie back to back for the rest of your life or use the word butthole in every sentence.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Wow, this is a real toughie.

Can you be doing other things like while you're watching the James Bond movie you can be living your life?

It's just on in the background?

You have to watch it in a darkened theater.

You're not allowed any kind of flashlight or iPhone light.

It's like a terrible life.

To live in a darkened theater where, yeah.

You're allowed...

Can you have popcorn and Goobers?

You can, yes.

I will allow that.

You're allowed to leave the theater when you sleep.

There's a bed in the lobby of the theater.

You have to immediately, the minute you want to sleep you have to immediately leave the theater and within three minutes you have to be asleep or you have to go back into the theater and continue watching the James Bond movies.

And the toilets they have in that theater, are they just the regular kind or are they the special kind that sort of...

They tilt up.

They're like 45 degree angle toilets.

They've been modernized for women.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, by 2020.

That's good.

Yeah.

I think I probably say I'd rather...

Whoa, don't vote yet.

We all know how this is played.

You can't vote until we close the floor for questions.

We haven't even asked anything about the word butthole in every sentence.

I mean I know how I feel about it.

It seems hard to work that into every sentence.

Does that have to be within the sentence or just kind of at the end?

No, you'd have to work it in.

If you had to, try it right now.

Like if you had to.

Find my sister butthole.

See, I don't even know if that counts.

Find my butthole sister?

Yeah, see that?

I mean...

And that's more accurate.

Yeah.

That is so true.

She is such a model.

She's annoying.

Like I miss her but seriously.

I know what it's like.

It's a relief when I look at her.

Did she do something to you guys?

Did she ever...

She honestly looks like a butthole.

I know.

Well, it's important.

Well, whatever.

I think that begs the question, what does she smell like?

She smells like a butthole too.

Wow.

What does she sound like?

So there's some clues if you're looking for...

Scott, can I say one more thing?

Yeah, sure.

She sweats out of her butthole.

She sweats out of her butthole?

I know a lot of people sweat from just that area, the crack .

I know.

And the one thing about all of this is we're describing her and people are going to want to run away from her.

But we also have to be honest.

You want them to find her.

Yes.

Don't run away.

It's very hard.

Ignore your instincts.

Yes.

Run to her.

Even though everything, everything in your body is saying don't.

It's like when a bear attacks you.

Exactly.

You want to curl into a little ball.

No, rise up.

You got to punch it in its nose and pretend you're bigger than it.

Exactly.

Yes.

That, okay, do that exact thing with Janine.

Yeah, ignore all your instincts if you see that butthole running around.

Okay.

Are you saying she looks like a butthole, like her face looks like a butthole or just she looks like a, like.

Her actual face and features are scrunched up like a butth ole and then she looks like, and then she's got hair around it.

It almost reminds me like, you know, mom, when she was having us, she only thought she was having twins and she was told she was having twins.

And so we were born just a minute apart.

Right.

But then, you know, almost a day later, mom went to the toilet bowl.

And this was back when toilet bowls were just, you know.

Just flat.

Yeah.

Just, yeah.

And then mom's like at the toilet bowl and she's like, I feel something coming out like near my butthole.

Near my butthole, yeah.

Yeah.

And so, you know, it sounds really crazy but long story short, that was Janine.

Wow.

She had actually not been in the womb with us.

She was in the butthole?

Mm-hmm.

It's very rare and it's, it's very life-threatening.

I've never heard of that.

It's a, well, it's a life-threatening pregnancy for a woman .

I don't know how, well, I don't know how she could have survived just in that butthole with the only sustenance being, you know, the poop that she scraped off the butthole walls.

I'm telling you, if you met her, you'd understand.

This is the kind of person we're dealing with.

Yeah.

Wow.

I feel so bad for you guys.

Thank you.

A butthole baby.

That's terrible.

And then for a butthole baby to like go missing.

It's like really hard.

Yeah, that's tough.

All right.

Well, um, any other questions about either of these scenarios?

I feel like we've gotten off track but the game continues.

I guess I would have to say because butthole's so fresh for us, you know, our sister being a butthole baby.

Please don't vote yet, please.

No, we're still asking questions.

I know, and I know you've never played this game, Jolene.

So I'm giving you a little leeway.

Thank you.

I know your mind's a million miles away.

It is.

I'm missing a sister right now.

Yeah, and almost missing happy hour.

We're getting close to seven here.

What time is it?

It's currently, god, it's 656.

Scott, could we drink now?

Did you bring stuff with you?

Wow.

It's such a fun day.

Pull out the little bottles.

Oh my, oh, look at those.

What are those little bottles of, what are those, Amaretto?

Yeah.

Amaretto.

Wow, what are you having, like Amaretto Sours?

Our sister would really love this.

Let's cheers to her.

Oh my god.

To Jolene, to Jolene Johnson.

Honestly, let's cheers to ourselves though.

By the way, cheers isn't a verb.

It's something you say when you toast to one another.

Anyway, go ahead.

Cheers.

You can say, let's toast to each other, and then you say cheers.

Anyway.

Don't treat my sister that way.

Like she's some sort of dumb butthole baby because she's not.

That's Jolene.

You know, if anyone should be treated that way, it is that butthole fucking baby named Jolene.

Okay.

Runs around looking like a fucking butt, acting like one, and smelling like one, and sweating like one.

And sounding like one too.

When she talks, does it just come out like, pfft, pfft, pff t?

Pretty much.

Yeah.

Because that's all she knew growing up.

She did have very few verbal skills.

So what I read, I know that this is very rare, what I read about butthole babies is it's not like when you're growing up in the uterus, in the womb, you can hear your parents talking to you.

In butthole babies, all they hear is pfft, pfft, pfft.

You only hear you know what.

Exactly.

So when she came out then, that's how she talked?

Exactly.

She didn't say mama, she didn't say dada, she just pfft, p fft, pfft.

No.

Gosh.

This is rough.

No, it's terrible.

It's absolutely terrible.

It's horrible.

We miss our, like, crazy.

Yeah.

Okay.

So what do you think about either of these scenarios?

It's not a question as much as it's a comment.

Okay, I'll take those.

Which is it has been pretty easy to put butthole in every sentence, especially when we're looking for our sister.

So far, yeah, you've been very good at it.

So maybe we- But for the rest of our lives, I mean, you and I both know we're not going to be looking for her for the rest of our lives.

How long do you think you guys are going to be at this?

A couple more days.

Tops.

Just for appearances or?

Oh, I mean, I'm sure she'll be found one way or the other.

By Christmas at least.

Yeah.

We've got to be put Christmas.

Yeah.

So there's a ticking clock of two and a half more months on this.

Sort of.

Yeah.

Okay.

And so any other questions or comments?

I'll take either.

And this butthole thing is for life?

This is for the rest of your life.

Either scenario is for the rest of your life.

I have my answer.

You have your answer?

Well, it's not time to vote yet.

I think I have my answer.

No, it's too bad.

How much longer?

It's not time to vote yet.

Until I close the floor, and of course there is no warning.

I have closed the floor.

See, that's how quickly it can happen.

All right, guys, we're going to have to vote.

I'm going to go to Janelle first.

Janelle, how do you like to vote?

I'll tell you.

Okay, thank you.

As easy as it was seamlessly interchanging and moving through buttholes in every line, I just don't want to be reminded or think about my sister that much.

So I will choose James Bond movie every moment for the rest of my life.

Okay, great.

Interesting vote.

Thank you.

Sure.

Okay, so Janelle, how do you like to vote?

I respect what my sister just said.

I almost feel the opposite though, if you could believe it, even that we're twins.

You're triplets, actually.

You're two-thirds of triplets.

I just want to say I knew she was going to say that.

Yeah, I know.

Our twin daughter is crazy.

We're really twins because, you know, if you think about it , Janine was a butthole baby.

I guess when you really think about it, Janine was a butth ole baby.

When you really think about it, would you want a butthole baby just walking around and around out there?

Exactly.

I mean, there almost would be a kindness, in my opinion, and I'm, look, what am I?

I'm just a podcast host.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, no, I never heard of you before today.

Thank you.

But in my opinion, it might be a kindness to kind of put a butthole baby— Put a butthole baby out of its butthole misery.

Yes.

You know, it can't be a fun life.

Looking— Not for anyone around.

Looking, smelling, sweating, and sounding like a butthole.

That's got to be tough.

That's got to be a tough road to hoe.

How do you like to vote then?

Well, in memory of her, as gross as she may be, you know, I also always with her, I try to look at more the baby than the butt.

That's really interesting.

So in her honor and as a tribute to her, Janine Johnson, having gone missing two and a half months ago, reported missing today, I will choose butthole baby.

Butthole baby.

I would choose butthole.

I'm going to add a third scenario.

If you could have no butthole baby sister— No, that sounds like a life.

Would that I could.

Well, that's one of your choices now.

I'm going to open the floor back up.

You can vote again.

Oh, then that one.

That one.

Oh, okay.

Great.

All right.

Well, let's tally up the points.

You both voted for the non-butthole baby life.

And that was the correct answer.

And you both tied for a— Yay!

That's what twins do.

They tied.

I'm able to celebrate fully and completely, even under these circumstances.

Oh, I know.

Let's close the floor for questions.

That's how we play Would You Rather.

I already closed the floor, but that's how we play.

Fantastic.

Guys, it's creeping up on seven.

Your happy hour is almost over.

Thank God we have the Zamorados first.

Yeah.

How are you feeling now?

I'm feeling really loose and I'm starting to get the party started.

Do you mind if I just take down the lights here a little bit?

Sure.

No problem.

I'm just like, the sun's going down.

I just, you know, it's like kind of shining in through the blinds.

Yeah, let's all relax.

Honestly, we deserve it.

Yeah, you guys have been working hard.

Oh, yeah.

We have been working.

You have no idea.

You can't even imagine.

What stops on this publicity tour?

First of all, my arms are like—can I just say, like, my shoulders are like hurting so bad because we dragged this humongous load.

And then we had to lift it into this trunk.

We were talking metaphorically of the—I'm sure—the load of— No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

It was like dead weight.

Well, I guess it was dead weight, but it was about two and a half months ago, but we're really— It's still hurting.

Yeah, our bodies are so sore.

Well, you have to take care of yourselves.

I mean, that's the thing.

That's what I've been saying.

You told me, bend from the knees, bend from the knees.

And then I said, get down to the bottom half, get down to the bottom half, because I was like holding everything.

Yeah.

This was—oh, this was when I was moving out of my apartment.

Your house.

Oh.

Into Dr. Koplovitz's— You live with him now?

In the guest house.

Yeah.

Do you think he's going to mind that you're here with me so late?

Is that okay by him?

Oh, I can't imagine.

He's the coolest.

And let me just say something, Scott.

He's an awesome guy.

He's a really awesome guy.

He's so awesome.

Yeah.

Scott, in case you're getting any, like, wild ideas, yes.

The answer is yes.

Oh, okay.

Awesome.

Hey, what's your dad up to tonight?

Oh, man.

We should call him.

I know.

It's so fun to party with Dad.

Wait, does he know about— He's pretty upset right now.

Like, he hasn't really wanted to come out of the house.

Yeah.

He's like crying a lot.

Yeah, I know.

Which is so weird.

When did he learn about this for the first time?

This morning?

Yeah, this morning.

And now he's under investigation from the police?

Yeah.

Wow.

He said, it's crazy, someone's framing me, and we're like, who?

Huh.

You know?

Yeah.

He's like, hey.

Did he say anything to you of like, hey, I know I mist reated you guys in the past, but you can't do this to me?

I know that I did bad things to you when you were young, but this isn't just repayment.

He didn't, but like, it would be really beautiful to hear that.

Yeah.

That would give you some closure?

He's awesome.

Dad's awesome.

Where's Mom in all of this, by the way?

Mom died in a freak accident.

Which accident?

Very quickly after delivering her butthole baby.

What happened to her?

Yeah, that's a very sore subject.

But basically, apparently, like when we were young, we...

She you know, because she had a butthole baby, what happens is, you know, the butthole is not exactly like the vagina, and then it doesn't go back to its natural form.

Oh, it doesn't which one?

Something that large has passed.

Oh my goodness.

So it's just kind of like a windsock?

Just kind of...

Exactly.

It was just sort of hanging out there.

And you can imagine that it's just a breeding ground for infection.

Yeah.

When you have an external butthole.

I mean.

Yeah.

I mean, I think you can imagine.

You can imagine.

It's just constantly, I'm sure, like picking up stuff on the ground.

Oh, it was like a vacuum cleaner, you know.

It's just...

It's like a lint brush.

I mean, I think you can imagine.

God, it was pretty gross.

Yeah, it was pretty gross.

But she gave it a good run for a couple of years.

But ultimately...

That is funny.

It is funny.

I mean, I know it's in poor taste a little bit, but you know, you have to laugh at a certain point.

God, you get us.

Yeah, that is funny.

But ultimately, she succumbed to the gaping wound that had become her butthole.

Yeah.

So we had...

It was Super Bowl Sunday and there were a lot of chips that had fallen on the couch.

Oh.

And mom, you know.

You can imagine.

I don't want to go into these details, but basically she had a massive infection.

That's okay.

No, this is a safe space.

Yeah.

Of just like nacho cheese dust.

She sucked up so much stuff.

We also had these Buckeyes.

If you've ever had those chocolates with peanut butter in them and someone had brought those over.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Those are delicious.

And she always kept a clean house, but it was just like people were over.

People, yeah, yeah.

And there were crumbs.

And she was usually pretty vigilant about it because of her condition.

But unfortunately, the party...

But...

That is funny.

Yeah, she passed.

She passed.

I'm so sorry.

And we blamed our sister, you know.

Yeah, because she's so fat eating all that fucking shit.

Yeah.

Anyway, well, great, guys.

This is quite a success.

But, oh, gosh, it's just coming around the bend of seven.

You know what?

We missed happy hour.

I say we just kind of like hang out here if that's cool.

Yeah, that's very cool.

I got nowhere to be.

That's very cool, Scott.

All right, very good.

Well, before we do that, it's time for a little segment on the show we call Plugs.

♪ Don't want your future engagements Swept under the rug ♪ ♪ Come on down, pull up a chair It's time for plugs ♪ ♪ It's time for plugs For motherfucking plugs ♪ Oh, very nice.

Next up is Nancy Falco from Ireland.

My goodness, from all the way from Ireland.

Thank you so much for that.

That was really gorgeous.

At first, I was going to apologize for such a beautiful song to be directly adjacent to all this butthole talk.

But then she said that MF word.

I don't feel so bad anymore.

Nancy, thank you so much for your plugs theme.

If you have a similar plugs theme or hey, you know what?

I'll even take them if they're dissimilar.

Send them over to Earwolf.com under the comedy bing bing message boards under the appropriate thread of pugs themes.

And you can have your pugs theme paid on the show.

And you can be famous for one peek.

Okay, guys, plugs.

Plugs.

No pun intended, right?

That's what usually goes into a butthole.

Instead, your sister came out of one.

Well, you know, obviously, we just want to plug that website findjanine.com, which will hopefully be up and running.

If you go to it right now, it may direct over to Mr. Koplov itz.

If you go to it right now, it is Dr. Koplovitz's dental practice.

You can sign up for a rudimentary website just with his address.

Right, but at some point, it's gonna switch over to a tip line.

Yes, I would like to plug the poster that I made and the drawing that I did of my fat sister.

Okay, great.

Oh, oh my gosh, look at that.

Wow, that's a beauty.

Wow.

My goodness.

What art form?

What medium did you use?

Um, you know, this was just kind of like, I've been up all night just like working on this.

It's, you know, it's pointillism.

Oh, that's like a Seurat painting.

It just took so long because of her girth and I wanted to get it right because she deserves that.

You might try, you might try instead of pointillism, which is a lengthy, lengthy process, you might just try, you know, drawing straight lines next time.

That's not who she is, though.

To each his own, Scott.

Thank you.

This looks remarkably, by the way, like a butthole, like a woman with a butthole for a face and just to like a, it's weird that you drew it.

Thank you for that compliment.

I did a great job.

Thanks.

It's weird.

It's weird that you drew in dots.

Uh, the stink lines coming off of her.

I want people to find her.

How many times do I have to tell you that?

It's the only reason why we're here.

My God, my God, my God, my God.

Yep.

Uh, what do I want to plug?

Well, you know what?

We're currently on the Comedy Bing Bing tour.

Uh, we are this week, we're still on the West Coast leg.

We just did a couple of days.

We did, uh, LA and we did San Francisco and we're doing Seattle and Portland coming up this week.

And if you want to follow us on tour, first of all, come see us.

We're coming to a town near you, but if you want to follow us on tour, you can subscribe to the live podcast portion of the tour.

That'll come out every morning, the day after the show, and you will get them sent directly to you.

And that is only $25 and we're doing, I believe 14 shows on the tour.

And plus you get the two Montreal shows that we did as well .

So that's a great deal.

And $25 over at earwolf.com and come see us if you're in Portland or Seattle this week.

And then coming up next week, we'll be in Milwaukee, Chicago, Pontiac, Michigan, Toronto, New York City, Boston, Philadelphia, DC.

So many shows come see us.

Look out for Janine in all those cities.

Okay.

Yeah, I'll do what I can.

Do you think she might be in one of those?

I have no idea where she is.

I think Janine might be in those cities.

And also I think this movie, Ass Backwards will be in those cities too, maybe.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah.

Now the Ass Backwards, are you guys fans of this movie?

We were talking about it before you guys got here.

No, we just want something to take our minds off like what 's going on right now.

It's great to see a comedy.

Like mindless entertainment.

No, no, actually not just something you can go check out in .

We just wanted to see like a really fun, smart comedy.

Like a James Bond movie or?

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Just like something that's...

Like something like you make...

I don't mean this offensively, but not girly.

Mm-hmm.

And also something, if I may, that would just like take your mind off the fact that your mother died from...

A massive butthole infection.

I'm not sure cheese does.

Yeah.

And so we're going to probably check it out on VOD tonight.

And then we'll also, in addition, probably go see it in the theaters November 8th if we're dealing with all this stuff.

Boy, well I hope you're not still dealing with it by Christmas.

Better not be.

But I hope that movie's still out there by Christmas, because that would mean it was a big hit.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Wow.

That would be great.

And Lawrence, thank you so much for donating $100 to CBB, Keeping the Lights On.

I appreciate that.

And guys, that's it for Plugs.

Let's close up the old Plug Bag.

Closing up the Plug Bag.

Bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo.

Closing up the Plug Bag.

That is Ken Marino with the Closing the Plug Bag theme, Casey Wilson and Bro remix.

Very talented people.

And guys, that's all the show we have.

Find our sister.

Definitely.

Janine Johnson.

Thank you for that.

And guys, let's take the lights down even further.

What do you say?

Alright.

Okay.

Yeah, this amaretto's feeling real good.

Sounds really good.

Do you mind if I have one?

No, we've got a couple more in that bag.

Okay, great.

Alright guys, well, we'll see you next time on Comedy Bing Bing.

Thanks, bye.

Bye.

Eer-woo-th.

This has been an Eer-woo-th Media Production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit eer-woo-th.com.

Eer-woo-th Radio.

Boom-to-com.

The wolf dead.
