---
layout: page
title: 247. Tim Meadows, Horatio Sanz [21867⧸21133].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

10 seasons on Saturday Night Live. Tim Meadows is here, the ladies man himself.

Plus we have a very interesting first time guest, a musician and an author.

All of that and more all on today's...

♪♪♪ PS, your mother and I are getting a divorce. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Great catchphrase and so true. Your mother and I are getting a divorce.

Thanks, Brennan, for that one and welcome to another edition of Comedy Bang Bang.

I am your host, Scott Aukerman. And what a week we have.

We have a couple of first time guests and I am looking at the one across the table.

I like to look at my guests when I host a show.

Nice.

Yeah. So how's this for you?

It's a little uncomfortable because you got your eyes like lasers.

Like the picture out there.

No, no, no. Yeah. There is a picture of me with lasers replaced with my eyes.

And that was drawn. That was actually a portrait because my eyes are lasers.

They shoot lasers. Yeah.

Yeah. A lot of... Well, what it was was I got that laser eye surgery.

And here's how they get you. I signed up for laser eye surgery and I signed the form and they turned my eyes into lasers and they charged me $ 200,000 for it.

That's not bad though, actually. Consider how much power you have now.

That's true. I could overthrow the government if I wanted to.

Yeah, you could.

I choose not to.

I'm Tim Meadows.

Oh God. I wanted to introduce you so bad and you just... Oh , you took it away from me.

Let's go back.

I was going to go down all your credits. I spent all night memorizing every single thing you've ever done.

Oh, great.

I was going to say all of them.

All right.

Okay. You have Saturday night. I forget. What was this?

Live.

Fever. I was a Saturday Night Fever.

Has there ever been anyone who was a cast member of Saturday Night Fever and Saturday Night Live?

I think that's a great trivia question.

Wow. Cast member, no. But hosting.

No, no, no. Nope. Nope. Doesn't count.

No, I don't think so.

One person.

There is one person.

There is one person. John Travolta.

Well, he hosted.

No, no, no. He was a cast member from 1980 to 81. Him and Gilbert Gottfried.

I thought you were going to say Tony Rosado. I thought you really had a...

Yeah. Close.

I feel like Tony Rosado was in Saturday Night Fever for some reason.

I don't think he was, but I think he probably did many par odies of it on SCTV or something.

Yeah. Yeah.

But okay. Saturday Night Live. You have The Ladies Men. You 're the titular star of The Ladies Men. You were The Ladies Men and perhaps even are The Ladies Men.

Yeah. I do pretty well right now. I date a lot of women all under 30.

Great. So that's like dating... If you date three women under 30, that's like dating a 90-year-old.

It is. So I'm dating a 140-year-old woman.

Tim, you have never been on the show before. You're a first timer.

It's such a pleasure to have you. I've been a big fan of your work.

Likewise. Thank you.

And you were on the TV show. You were on... Oh, boy. I just hit myself in the chest. I don't know if you heard that. You were on what is one of my favorite episodes of the TV show that we did. You were the narrating custodian who had his own voiceover business.

Yeah. I love that that's where it ended because when you sent me the script, I had no idea where it was going.

And it turns out nowhere.

Well, it did go somewhere. He wanted to become a voiceover guy.

So he just started interrupting the show. And my favorite is he does not work on weekends. He's very clear about that. Like, why are you trying to get into the business and you have a hard and fast rule about that? That was very fun. That was fun.

Thank you for having me.

Oh, my pleasure. It was great. You were so great.

It makes me seem hip to people.

Well, you are. First of all, you were on Saturday Night Live. And I want to talk to you about this because anytime I have anyone from Saturday Night Live, the name is bad of that show, isn't it?

Because it's like Saturday, then day, and then night. Which is it? You know what I mean?

Yeah. I know what the problem is. You're saying it wrong is what the problem is. You know how to spell, right? Because it's S-A-T-U-R-D. Somebody... Sat-t urd is the word? Yeah. There's a turd in there.

A? Yeah. You're saying it like... A. Whitney Brown? It's Sat-turd-A Night Live?

Yeah. You're saying Saturday Night Live is like sat-er.

Like it's really sad.

Sat-er-day. Yeah. That's exactly how I've been saying it.

Don't say it like that anymore.

But either way, it's a bad title because if someone like me can get confused, then there's a problem, right?

Well, I don't know. I would say it's a good title because it's been around forever. It's part of our lexicon. Our lexicon, not yours.

I think it's been successful in spite of its title, like A Fish Called Wanda. You know what I mean? It's like, hey, you know what? Not great, but...

Not a great title.

Let's all go see it.

Yeah. Not a bad movie though. What would you call Saturday Night Live if you can name it?

I would call it Funny Times at 1130 starring these guys.

And then I would list every cast member.

And so the title would constantly change, but it would be accurate.

Yeah.

And that's what I'm looking for is accuracy in a title.

Yeah.

You know?

If it's really accurate, it would be the Last Half Hour of Saturday Evening.

Correct.

Because that's all it is.

And the Early Waking Hours of Sunday Morning.

It's a Sunday morning comedy show.

Yeah. Well, that's what it is.

It is.

See? You know what I mean? Like, come on, Lorne. Come on, L orne.

Ah, I've said that before. Come on, Lorne.

You spent... How many seasons were you on that show?

Well, I was on there for 10 seasons altogether. First couple, I was a writer and featured player.

And then I got bumped up to a cast member.

Did you write after that or was it like, no looking back, writers?

I cracked my pens and threw them in the garbage. Like, no.

Like Walter White cracks phones?

Everyone would be tracing me.

Yeah. I wrote for a couple of years and then that was it. I continued to write.

Even though I was not paid to write, but you sort of expected to.

What is the process then of you're a writer? Were you auditioning to be a cast member or did someone just say to you at some point, you know what?

Get over here.

In front of the camera.

Stop cleaning that lens. Get in front of it.

What happened was I came out there originally and Lorne Michaels said, you know, we think we're going to put you on camera. And then they, they did eventually, but it was, and actually they did the very first show, but it was all like small parts.

But I think they originally wanted me to come in and sort of write for Chris Rock.

And, and so that was, do you have that Chris Rock voice?

You know, once you, you, once you hear Chris Rock, you get the Chris Rock voice in your head.

Timmy, let me tell you something people don't understand what it's like to be from Brooklyn.

You're from Detroit, Timmy. That's how he was.

Maybe the best Chris Rock I've ever heard.

Better than Fallon.

Timmy, let me tell you something.

He's the thing I love about rock. My impression of rock is always him lecturing me because I don't know if other people have that experience.

Wasn't he a young guy? Like.

Yeah. He's younger than me.

Yeah.

But he, yeah, he was, yeah. He'd always lecture me about stuff.

Timmy, if you're going to get a car, you got to get an American car.

Why, why Rock?

Support America, man.

So he's a patriot. I like to hear that.

So you wrote for Rock for a while.

Yeah.

Did Rock leave by the time you became a regular, I can't remember the chronology of it.

We both, we were both in the, yeah, we were both in the cast at the same time.

And then I sort of focused on writing for myself and writing for people.

You're like Rock, you're on your own.

Yes. And then they brought in Warren Hutcherson, who is another writer.

Oh yeah. He's great.

He's great. Do you know him really?

I do. Yeah.

He's great.

You said, he said, he's great as if I'd said any name. I could have said it.

Abraham Lincoln came in and wrote for him.

Oh man. Love him.

Four score in seven years.

I mean, a lot of people just say 28.

He's good.

I may be getting the math on that wrong. I don't think four score in seven years equals 28.

No. We had a computer. Anybody?

Yeah. I think, I can't even remember. Four score. A score is two weeks, maybe.

We're never going to figure this out. You know, and I could look to the person in my right and say, look it up, but I don't want to do that. That's not that kind of show.

I'm going to say it was four score is six years.

20 years. Someone says 20. You think a score is four years?

Four score in four score in seven years ago then would be 23 years ago.

Four times seven is 20.

People are screaming at their iPods right now. What's the score for engineer Frank?

20.

20. A score is 20 years. So we're talking 87 years.

Yeah.

Wow. Because yeah, if it was four years, if a score is four years, idiot over there, why wouldn't he say five score and three years ago instead?

Okay. You're saying 20 years as in a score is 20 years.

I thought that was your total.

We're having a lot of fun.

The other thing you can look at is the year of the speech and then you could just go backwards.

So yeah. And then figure out minus seven and then divide the rest by four.

Yeah. He was, that's too much work.

No, fuck it.

Yeah. Fuck it. Abraham Lincoln.

And why are you putting on so many airs Abraham?

Why can't you just say 24?

You know, no one in that movie Lincoln ever called him Abraham. You know what I mean?

They're always like Mr. Lincoln or Mr. President. It's like no one ever came in and said, Hey, Abraham, sarcastically like that. Hey, Abraham.

80 plus seven equals 87 years.

Yes, we know. Stop asking me notes.

What's 87 minus five. You and I let's keep talking.

82.

No, I don't want to know your answer. I want to hear this guy's math.

We have another guest over here furiously scribbling notes to us and passing them to us.

Oh my God. So you were there for?

Four score and seven years.

But you were there for one score minus nine years. Is that correct? No way.

Yes. I was there for 10 years.

Ten years. So half a score.

Half a score. And I scored half the time.

Very nice.

What?

And you're the creator of such indelible characters as Leon Phelps, which is your Twitter name.

It is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I took it because I didn't want anybody else to take it and capitalize on it.

And you were there during the whole OJ thing and so many interesting, interesting times.

Who was the subway dude?

Yeah, the Long Island Railroad guy. I wrote that sketch.

Oh, that's a great one.

Thank you. I wrote it for Bob Newhart.

Wait, was he hosting?

He was hosting.

You just hoped he'd become a cast member.

Oh man, one of these days.

They were trying out some older people. That year it was Harvey Korman and Bob Newhart.

Harvey Korman didn't make it. He got cut after dress.

Do you think Harvey Korman and Harvey Keitel ever made a movie together?

I thought you were going to say love. No, I don't think they've ever made a movie together.

They should have.

Korman and Keitel.

Yeah.

2HK.

Who's your... I love both of those guys.

Yeah, they're both great. I'll give Korman the edge. I loved him.

I would love to see Harvey Korman do Bad Lieutenant.

Yes.

Can we see that right now, please?

Headly. Here's my penis.

Isn't it sad that the only thing we remember from Bad Lieutenant is that Harvey Keitel showed his penis?

Yeah.

Like that's the only thing I can remember about that movie.

Yeah.

It's just his dong flapping around.

And he cried in that movie too, like while he was masturb ating or something.

It was some weird scene.

Yeah.

It's like when you make a movie, shouldn't you want anything else to resonate other than a dude's dong?

Yeah.

You should be like...

What is that the one thing?

That should be like on the board when they're planning the movie out.

Okay, so we got his dong scene here.

We got to have something to balance it out so we have other things to talk about.

Nope.

Car crash?

No, that's not going to do the dong.

Yeah.

You ever show your dong in anything?

Um, not in...

Well, not in public, you mean?

No.

No, either way, public or private.

I'll take either.

I'll take it.

I showed it in private a lot.

I was looking at it a few minutes ago, actually.

Really?

What was going on?

We were just talking, just talking about stuff.

Just rapping.

Just yeah, I used the bathroom before I came here.

Yeah.

And sometimes I'm just amazed at how beautiful my penis is.

Yeah.

And I'm sure every guy says that.

What color do you have?

That's not telling a secret.

No, we can talk about it.

Mine is, it's a light tan.

Okay.

I was in a fire when I was a kid.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Um, acid.

It was, it wasn't that bad, but I'm like, you know, from waist down is white.

Right.

And then, so my penis is long and thick, but is white.

Yeah.

Great.

So it's strange looking.

It's strange, but I mean...

I think it's beautiful.

It's effective.

Yeah, it's strange that you were bragging about it so hard.

It sounds so incredibly disfigured.

Yeah.

I shouldn't be bragging about my bird penis.

No.

So, so Tim, nowadays, uh, what do you have going on?

You're doing a lot of standup.

You were telling me when you were on the TV show, we were talking about that.

Yeah.

I've been doing a lot of standup.

I've been touring the country.

I took the summer.

I took the last couple of months off, uh, cause America just couldn't take it much more.

Yeah.

Now I got it.

Please, Tim.

My ribs are hurting.

So give us a couple of months.

Yeah.

Take the summer off.

Let us enjoy baseball.

So I did.

I took the summer off and, um, uh, so yeah, I'm going back out.

I'm gonna start doing more shows in a couple of weeks actually.

And when people see you, what can they, what do they have in store other than laughing themselves silly?

Yeah.

Well, I mean, I talk about my life.

I stay away from...

Who better really, to talk about your life?

That's true.

Um, what else do I talk?

I talk about like, you know, I don't know what people, I talk about growing up in Detroit.

I talk about being divorced, talk about having kids.

I'm just running through my set list in my head.

Obama, uh, baseball, uh, uh, I talk about Obama.

I talk about being divorced.

And then I do some conceptual comedy bits.

Um, I do a scene about, um, Burt the bailiff on the Judge Judy show.

It's all in silence.

And it's a scene where he is in the courtroom during the t aping of Judge Judy and he realizes the missteps he's made in his life.

And at the moment that he's having this, you know, um, this breakdown, Judge Judy asked him to bring some evidence from one of the plaintiffs.

I want to see this now.

So that's like a, it's a literally like a one minute scene.

It sounds great.

Just in silence.

That's going to sell, I guarantee you that will sell you a hundred thousand tickets.

Just that description right there.

I hope so.

I hope people go out and see that.

Where can people, uh, or do you play comedy clubs or where?

Yeah, um, comedy clubs.

And then I'm also doing a tour with Chris Kattan and Rob Schneider.

To, uh, SNL as, by the way, that's an abbreviation for Saturday Night Live.

Saturday.

Yeah.

Uh, to SNL people who were on at the same time as you, did you and Kattan overlap?

I can't remember.

I overlapped with both of them.

Okay.

And, uh, so yeah, we're doing that pretty soon.

And that's like, we started off in Canada and Toronto in a couple of weeks.

And then, um, and then, yeah, my shows are basically comedy clubs and occasionally colleges and stuff.

Right.

None better than you.

Thank you.

In my opinion.

Um, although I have not seen you.

No, no, I, it goes, you, Martin, Richard Pryor, George Car lin, Newhart.

And then everyone else is a piece of shit.

Thank you so much.

Thank you.

And you know what?

I, I, I support your list.

I think that's a good list.

It's a good list of comics.

I don't like to laugh necessarily, but, um, you know, so I 'm maybe not going to really judge.

Yeah.

So I'm number one in your list.

Yeah.

Not laugh.

Yeah.

I hate it.

I hate how, and you know, bill Cosby didn't even make your list.

Oh God, he's too funny.

Makes me laugh too much, but you are the best at my list, which is people who do not make me laugh.

Oh, it's good.

I'm number one.

Thank you so much.

Um, and, uh, you're also a master improviser.

You do ASCAT here in LA a lot.

And you're on the Improv for Humans podcast a lot, which is a great podcast.

Anyone listening to this show should listen to that show, Matt Besser's show.

And you were just on, not just, but you were, you were on in the, uh, the Bumbershoot shows.

Um, and some of those were, so I saw those, a lot of those live and those were really good.

Yeah, yeah.

I was there in the audience.

Yeah.

The one where the, uh, the heckler, um, I don't even know if I've ever called him a heckler.

As much as he was just an idiot.

Just a guy who likes to shout, uh, homophobic epithets.

Yeah.

You.

Well, he, I assume it was at you.

Yeah.

No, it was not at me.

It was at the whole audience.

Actually, maybe I'm homophobic.

Yeah.

No, he, uh, he got upset because one of the other people I was working with started talking about Jonestown and started doing it.

By the way, I thought that was rude.

I agree with him on that.

I thought that person who was talking was, it was un professional.

You know what?

I was on stage with that dude and I'm like, I'm going to support him because that's what improv is about.

But like, I was like, why Jonestown?

Why now?

After all the things you could talk about, there's been more tragedies since then.

Uh, so anyways, that person talked about Jonestown and it got under this person's skin.

Yes.

Which threw everybody in the audience because we, nobody could figure out why you would be upset about someone talking about Jonestown in 2013.

And so he got, he, he made a lot of noise.

He was talking throughout, uh, one of the scenes and the person next to him asked him to be quiet.

And then he shouted at that guy and then stood up and, um, then said, uh, a homophobic epithet at, uh, either you, the performers or you personally, I tend to think the latter.

Why do you keep saying that?

It was not at me.

Um, I think he actually called, he said, I think his word, his phrase was everybody in here is a F word.

Yes.

Oh, I think that was how, and then we were just all amazed that he felt comfortable saying that out loud.

That's so weird.

And he was also, you know, I, I just kept, my hope was that like a big muscular, like homosexual dude would be there just to punch him out, you know?

Um, yeah, but Horatio wasn't around.

So, well, I didn't have that to happen.

Oh, but that was a really funny episode.

And that was, uh, you guys were great up in Bumbershoot and I hope you do more of those and people can see you at the UCB theater, um, on Saturdays and Sundays, not all the time, but when you're in town.

Yeah, when I'm in town.

Um, and I'm out on the road and stuff.

I'm also on this show called, I do voices on Bob's Burgers, which is a cartoon.

Great show.

It's on Fox.

Great show.

My wife was on that for one episode and been waiting for that call to come back.

It's a long wait for those people.

Yeah.

I mean, I don't know what happened, but they will, I'll, they just call me in and they'll just go, can you read these lines in the care?

And I don't know what the episode is about.

Now, see, I'm different because when I act, I like to know what I'm talking about.

And I like to, you know, know the context of the scene.

I ask questions.

Yeah.

If I'm ever confused, I ask the director a question, but you just prefer to just randomly spout out words.

Yeah.

Just give me a sentence and I'll say it.

Don't tell me the context or anything.

Cause I'm that good.

Wow.

I'm that good.

You can read something like Saturday Night Live and it makes sense coming out of your mouth.

Yeah.

Cause I just read it as it's pronounced and as it's written , basically.

Is that the secret to acting?

Reading it as it's pronounced?

That's yeah.

Just one of the secrets.

The other secret is showing up on time.

That's like another big thing.

But even if you don't, no one really cares.

No, you know, this is the only business you can actually be a drug addict and nobody, nobody cares.

No.

Yeah.

He has a coke problem.

And will he make it to work tomorrow?

Yeah.

He'll be here.

Will he be two hours late?

No problem.

Yeah.

We'll wait for him.

Yeah.

Do you ever have, did you ever have a big, uh, coke problem ?

Any kind of, any kind of drug problem that you had that you 've ever, uh, either.

Yeah.

Seriously.

No.

Yeah.

I mean, I had a big, um, I was real, I had a big, I was addicted to, um, sniffing glue.

What?

Yeah.

Really?

In the old days.

No, I'm kidding.

Okay.

Oh man.

Yeah.

I asked like, yeah, I asked like a question.

I blurted it out without thinking.

And then I was like, that's not really a question you should ask.

No, it's okay.

I'm going to be honest.

No, I, I've, uh, I had a drug major drug problem.

I would say no, I've done a little bit of everything.

You dabbled.

I've dabbled.

Who hasn't dabbled?

To excess where it affected your work.

Who hasn't done that?

Yes.

I was drunk many times at Saturday Night Live.

Well, you see part of the problem with that show is they tape it on Saturday, which is a great night to get drunk and do drugs.

Yeah.

You know, and that's why so many people over the years have had, have had issues, you know, with that show.

Yeah.

Because it's like tape it on a Tuesday, you know, where you 're just like coming down from the weekend, maybe everyone would be sober doing that show.

Well, I think maybe, um, part of the problem is that it, it , you know, it sort of stops you from partying on Saturday.

And so then you go, okay, well, on Sunday, I'm going to fucking let it all go.

Right.

Cause I had to work last night and then Sunday, you see, you just let it go on Sunday.

You let it go.

And then that continues into Monday.

And then it's like, you know what?

I'm doing it Sunday and Monday.

Why not all week?

Hair to dog, you know, Tuesdays.

And, uh, and then by the next thing you know, it's Thursday .

You don't have any scenes written.

Yeah.

But, um, but hey, so no scenes might as well start partying .

Yeah, exactly.

And then you, then 10 years go by.

And then, yeah, you're here.

You're doing an interview in the Earwolf.

Well, speaking of an interview, let's pause the interview right now to take a break.

Okay.

How's that sound?

It sounds good.

Okay.

Cause I feel like we need to cool down.

I want to do some blow during the break.

Is that okay?

Yeah.

All the talking about it is really made me want it.

All right.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Tim Meadows.

Oh, and we have another special guest as well that I'll introduce all of that more.

Uh, I just launched into the cold open almost, uh, come right back after the break.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang. We're back with Tim Meadows.

Hi.

With his catchphrase.

You just had to trot it out for us.

Thank you so much.

You're welcome.

Hi.

You're welcome.

Pause.

You're welcome.

Yeah.

Good stuff.

Love it.

What, what, what were some of your signature catchphrases, um, from some of your, uh, your, your cavalcade of characters?

Uh, well, the, uh, the old lady who lives in a shoe was one character that I did.

And that was the catchphrase was you kids drive me nuts.

And, uh, so then I had the guy who would fall down the flight of stairs.

And his was like 14 hours.

Yes.

Yeah.

And then it ended with a trombone going in.

That was one.

And then Leon Phelps was the ladies man and his catchphrase was, um, yeah, listen, the European bank thing.

I can't even cash my check.

It was a long catchphrase.

Yeah.

And it was long, but it caught on and the t-shirt sales were amazing.

Yeah, they did.

They had to make extra long t-shirts just to fit that catch phrase on.

Yes.

Yeah.

And that's what started that whole just phase of people wearing extra long t-shirts and baggy pants.

That's why baggy pants are so baggy is because, Hey, got to fit that long t-shirt.

And that's a lot of people don't know that.

Well, the phrase was even longer and the t-shirt actually came with extra letters.

So you just put in your pocket.

Sure.

And if anyone asks me, that's your teacher, you then assembled those letters.

Yeah.

You roll it out, put it together.

It's kind of cool.

It's a conversation piece.

Not really that comfortable to wear really.

No, but yeah, but you know, it's kind of tiring.

Cool.

Fanny pack.

Yeah.

Oh, it had a fanny pack.

Yeah.

With letters in it.

Oh, great.

Fanny packet.

Fantastic.

Well, we have to get to our second guest.

I mean, I guess we don't have to, we could ignore him.

He's here now.

We shouldn't.

We should take, we should turn our heads and locate him and actually talk to him.

All right.

I'm gay.

All right, let's do it.

He is the author.

Well, he's a musician, first of all, from what I can tell.

You're a musician?

Yeah.

I mean, I play bass.

Oh, okay.

Bass guitar?

Yeah.

Bass guitar.

Okay.

A standup bass.

Electric bass.

Yeah.

All bass.

Both types of bass?

Yeah.

Are there more than two types of basses?

Well, a cello, but not really.

That's funny.

All right.

Well, he is a musician and the author of a book entitled when the rock stopped rolling my life in the LA rock scene.

Please welcome Chico Davis.

It's a pleasure to be here, man.

And I like to say one thing.

Say more than one thing.

When Nirvana played SNL, I was there, I was helping out with some of the equipment.

Yeah.

And dude, that shit was crazy what you guys do.

Oh, thanks, man.

Yeah.

Thank you very much.

Man, you had a great show.

Oh, thank you very much.

Do you remember that show, Tim?

I do remember.

I'm trying to think.

I don't remember who the host was, but I do remember.

It might've been Kurt Cobain himself.

Maybe he did double duty like Britney Spears did.

That would have been great.

He would have been so great in sketches.

He would have been, man.

Rest in peace.

Yeah.

He was a great guy.

Yeah.

It's kind of a shame that he passed away before he could really make his mark in sketch comedy.

What were you doing in the show?

He was funnier than Dave Grohl, definitely.

And now Dave Grohl gets all the credit for being the funn iest rock and roll guy.

Dave Grohl, funny guy.

Dude, he's funny.

But no Cobain.

Absolutely.

I mean, shit.

I'm back there all was funnier than fucking what's-his-face from Nirvana.

Yeah.

But he's a good guy.

Wait, who?

Who's a good guy?

Chris Novasilich.

Oh, OK.

Right, right, right.

What were you doing on the show, I believe Tim asked?

Yeah.

You were helping out, you say?

Yeah.

I was not the road manager, but I was like the assistant to the road manager.

So we just made sure all the guitars got there in time and stuff.

And it was pretty great.

How were you at your job?

Did the guitars get there on time?

The guitars got there on time, but it wasn't my thing.

It wasn't what I was into.

I wanted to be in the band.

I went to LA, and I just got involved in the LA music scene .

I was talking about LA Guns.

We talked about Hollywood Rose, GNR, Velvet Revolver.

You know, these dudes.

This was after Nirvana.

This was before Nirvana.

I'm getting the chronology wrong.

OK, you did this before Nirvana.

Right.

The Nirvana thing was a favor.

You know, it's like a, come on the road with us.

And I'm like, all right, you know.

OK.

But what the book primarily is all the crazy shit that happened in LA, like 90 to 99.

It's nine years.

Those 10 years, actually, is by my count.

Because I think you count 90 as your one.

Oh, OK.

Definitely.

So that's half a score?

91 would be your two.

92 would be your three.

93 would be your four.

94 would be your five.

What would 97 be?

That would be your eight.

And 99 would be your 10.

So a 10 year stretch, then.

That's a lot.

And then the next book's going to be 99 to 2006.

And that also features a chapter where Dimebag gets assassinated very tragically.

And I go into depth about seeing that happen.

Well, you were actually there.

I was next to the guy shooting.

What?

And I ran out as fast as I could.

Wow.

Why were you next to the guy?

I was watching the show.

Oh, OK.

And I saw this guy pull out a gun.

And I'm like, I'm getting out of here.

And I was behind him.

I mean, I could have stopped it.

But I was panicked.

And I just ran the hell out of there.

It's weird that that's a detail that you would bring up.

Well, that's going to be in the next book.

Oh, OK.

I'm here to promote the first book.

Well, yeah.

Why are we talking about the next book?

We don't even know what the first book is about.

I guess I just want to get people wet.

You know what I mean?

Because it's going to be good.

That's what they say in publishing, to get the audience wet .

A lot of it is because the ink is wet when they first publish a book.

So it makes a lot of sense.

And so 90s, so were you around the time when the Johnny place on Hollywood Boulevard, the Viper Room?

The Viper Room.

Yeah.

You ever play there or anything?

I got a great story about the Viper Room, man.

And this is right before that River Phoenix.

Unfortunately, this is right around that time River Phoenix was.

A lot of people died around you.

Dude, I mean, we have a lot of survivors too, though.

OK.

I mean, Rock and Roll took a lot of great people and took them to Rock and Roll Heaven.

But I guess it's like any profession.

I mean, there's probably a lot of lawyers who have died over these years.

And they go up to Lawyer Heaven.

F. Lee Bailey.

Yeah.

He died.

He's definitely dead.

Johnny Cochran.

He died.

Another one.

Kardashian.

He's up there in Lawyer Heaven.

The whole OJ team practically is up there in Lawyer Heaven.

I think God said, fuck this, man.

I'm taking these bastards.

You think so?

You know what I mean?

Because, yeah.

Why would he take OJ?

Well, fucking OJ didn't do anything except.

What?

He didn't do anything except pretend he couldn't put a glove on.

But those lawyers were really fucking doing some evil shit.

You know what I mean?

I mean, OJ's, is he guilty?

Yeah.

Did he kill his wife and that dude?

Yeah.

But it was in a heated moment.

So what are you going to do?

Is this in your book?

It's not in your book, is it?

It's going to be in my third book, which covers my intensive.

Yeah.

All my, I investigated the OJ trial.

I watched 1,000 hours of videotapes.

And I have, the third book is going to explain everything.

Oh, man.

I can't wait for that book.

That's going to be my favorite.

Hurry up and write the second one so you can get to the third one.

Yeah.

I'm trying, man.

But Viper Room.

Yeah, tell me about that.

So Velvet Revolver is playing the first gig as Velvet Rev olver.

And I had been involved in the beginning.

Wait, hold on.

Velvet Revolver, what year is this?

This is like 93, 94.

Okay.

Velvet Revolver.

Yeah, the band that Guns N' Roses became and Stone Temple, the lead singer of Stone Temple Pilots after Stone Temple Pilots broke up several years after they broke in 94.

This is his band.

And what year is this?

This is 93 or so.

This is 94, 95.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I mean, and so they're doing their first gig ever.

And I'd done a little session.

I'd written some songs with Duff McKagan.

And those were featured on the first Velvet Revolver album.

So I'm psyched about this.

I'm not going to play this night, but I do want to see this show because it's going to be legendary.

Sure.

Playing your songs, that's a dream.

And that's why I'm like, dude, Duff and my song is going to be playing tonight.

And so I went there and you know that the Viper Room is right behind that hotel where Suge Knight hung Vanilla Ice out the window.

Right, right, right.

Were you there for that?

Yeah.

Wow.

I was and I was going underneath him to catch him.

I was going, I'm going to try to catch Vanilla Ice because I mean, fuck, that'd be cool.

From the floor below?

I was on the floor in the parking lot and I saw Vanilla Ice hanging from this balcony.

I'm like, what's up, dude?

And he's like, I'm getting, what the fuck?

Help me.

You know, you're like, get the fuck out of here, motherf ucker.

I'll hang you too.

And I was like, all right, later.

So you had no plan to catch him then?

It was right in that same parking lot where I'm trying to, I fucking, I can't find my ticket to the show.

And I'm like, fuck man, what am I going to do, man?

So I see a guy and he's like from the club and I'm like, dude, it's a crazy fucking night.

I'm drunk as shit.

And I offer to blow him to get into the Viper Room.

Wait, what?

No, I'm not gay or anything, but I just said, let me blow you and get into the Viper Room.

That was your first thought?

Yeah.

So I blow this guy.

He unloads at my fucking head.

He tosses in my head like a fucking lunatic.

And then I get to the fucking door and there's another do orman.

And he's like, I don't know what you just did.

You just blew the parking attendant.

What the fuck?

You don't know.

Tell me nothing.

You got free parking.

So I got to blow this guy now.

Wait, so that's okay with him?

He's like, yeah, go ahead, but you're not going to get in here without this.

And he goes to town on my skull.

And I get into the fucking Viper Room and I see Stacey Jennings, who used to rep Velvet Revolver publicity wise.

And she's like, you're on the guest list.

Yeah, that's what I was going to say.

Why did you have a ticket?

I didn't check, man.

I bought a ticket.

I blew these two dudes and I didn't need to.

That's like chapter two of my book.

Oh, Chico.

Man.

What a story.

Yeah, man.

It's so rare to find two consecutive male employees who want another man to blow them.

Yeah.

And that's the rock and roll scene.

That's how it was in the 90s, though, huh?

Back in 94.

When Velvet Revolver was just starting out.

Yeah, I love that name, Velvet Revolver.

I mean, to be honest, in the early 90s here in LA, people were blowing everybody to do anything.

I mean, if you got to renew your license, if you wanted to get ahead of somebody, suck your dick in the bathroom, then you go.

Even just the guy right in front of you?

He would just swap places with you?

Just to get one person over.

I mean, fuck.

And this was generally known in LA during the time.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, man.

It was drugs, sex, and rock and roll, just like you hear in the fucking TV shows.

It's usually sex, drugs, and rock and roll.

And this just seems to be all sex so far.

No rock and roll.

I haven't heard about any drugs.

Yeah, you haven't even talked about the rock and roll part of it.

How was that show?

Dude, groundbreaking.

Yeah.

Groundbreaking.

And they went on and they didn't use me after that.

But I mean, they deserve to be in rock and roll Hall of Fame just as much as GNR.

What was one of your songs?

It's Late.

Oh, that's my favorite Belvedere volume song.

It's late, it's late, let's get an ace.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

That's great.

The part I wrote was, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And then Duff McKagan had the, he wrote most of it.

But I wrote part of the chorus, part of the callback.

Yeah, a technical term in songwriting, the callback.

The callback, yeah.

But you guys want to hear about drugs, man.

The 90s were insane.

That's when they were doing a lot of crack back then, right ?

They didn't crack, but mostly we were just doing cocaine still and heroin.

But heroin didn't start until Izzy Stradlin came on the scene.

And at that time, Izzy Stradlin, before Guns N' Roses, he was a small-time heroin dealer.

And now he's famous now, now he cut to when he's famous for GNR.

GNR is like the biggest rock band in all the world.

And he says, can you watch my dog, Dixon?

I'm like, yeah, man.

He goes, yeah, fucking watch my TV, go to the pool, go to the hot tub, have a good time, but watch my dog.

I'm like, cool, I'll do it.

And I'm in there and I fucking look in the cigar box and I see two eights of cocaine, two eight balls, two beautiful eight balls.

Wow.

And I know what an eight ball is.

And I got two of them.

So now you think about it, it's two eights of a gram of cocaine.

That's like a quarter of a gram.

Yeah, that's like a quarter.

I didn't even, I've never thought about that, but that's absolutely right.

Yeah, wow.

Did they have a score of cocaine by any chance?

I don't know.

I guess we haven't talked about that.

If you score cocaine, is that getting 20 pounds of cocaine or 20 grams?

Oh, that's interesting.

That's a great question.

Now, usually scoring is just getting it.

Yeah, but I mean.

But if you do two eights and a half.

Yeah.

Two, if you do two eights and then a half an eighth, that's 20.

That's a score.

Four score of cocaine.

Wow.

Anyway, so you see this cocaine, you probably shut the thing, say that's his and you leave it alone.

I wish, Scott, but I see this and I go crazy.

You do it all yourself?

I do.

I do like, I do the one eight ball.

It takes me about five hours.

And then an hour later, I'm digging into the other one and I'm like, fuck man, I got to pay this dude this money so I don't have money.

Like I got to get him, I got to replace the coke that I took.

So I call Tracy Guns, he started LA Guns and he's like, he 's always up for a good time.

He's got, well, I got two eight balls.

I'll bring them over.

We'll put them in there and you could pay me tomorrow.

Yeah.

Why would he agree to this deal?

He's got two eight balls of coke.

He's going to come over.

He's always up for a party.

He's going to go leave them at this guy's house.

And that's why, because he was caught with an underage girl in his hotel room.

And I pretend that I was retarded and that she was my sister and he never forgot it.

Like I walked her past the security and she needs to get out of here because I'm retarded.

And so fucking Tracy Guns was always cool to me after that.

Yeah.

I guess he owed me.

He sounds like a good guy.

Oh, he's still a great guy.

You sound like a good guy.

I try to be.

And I think I am, but sometimes I feel like a lot of people don't remember how cool I am.

And, uh, yeah.

You know, and I got beefs.

I got beefs with a lot of guys.

Oh really?

Oh yeah.

You know, fucking Stevie Vai's an asshole.

Oh, from, uh, David Lee Ross guitars for awhile.

Yeah.

He's a real dick, man.

Is he in Fleetwood Mac also?

I don't think, I think he was in Chicken Foot.

That's McFleetwood.

Oh McFleetwood.

Thanks.

Or Christine McVee.

Oh, that's what I'm thinking.

Christine McVee.

She's in Fleetwood Mac.

So Tracy Gunn shows up to Izzy Stradlin's house with the two eighths.

Oh yeah.

Right.

And it's like, perfect.

Uh, and Izzy Stradlin's coming back from the airport and we 're like, cool, it's going to be here for Izzy.

And it's like, nothing ever happened.

Fucking Izzy, uh, stays in Mexico.

And so we're like, shit, what are we going to do?

So we start doing the two eighths that he brought.

Oh no.

Yeah.

Oh no.

So you did, you did a half a gram of cocaine total over the two days.

And then, and then what happens?

And then I left.

Uh huh.

I left the house.

What about the dog?

I left the house.

The dog, I left the dog.

I forgot about the dog.

I was doing so much cocaine and the dog, uh, he had heat stroke and he was in a coma for two days.

Why didn't he jump in that pool?

I mean, you know, it was a bulldog Dixon Dixon, the bulldog , and they're, you know, they're fucked up.

They don't, they can't, the shoulders are too big.

They can't be born or medical problems and they don't know when to put water on themselves when they get a heat stroke.

Oh, they deserve to die.

Basically.

Oh, that's a terrible story.

So did Izzy ever forgive you or did he ever, did you ever hear about it?

Did you ever find out about it?

No, Izzy didn't forgive me.

Izzy put a hit on me.

What?

Yeah.

He's tried to murder you?

Yeah. He tried for like three years and then he gave up and , uh, you're just too hard to kill.

No, I just, I went away for a while.

I was in Germany for a few years.

In the mid nineties?

Yeah.

When I say a few years, I mean, three months here, four months here, two months here.

You know what I mean?

Oh yeah.

No, I know what you mean when you say three years.

Yeah.

So, uh, that was after the, um, so in Germany in the nin eties, what, that must've been pretty exciting.

There's a lot of, yeah, like Rammstein must've been starting.

Oh yeah.

That's right.

That yeah.

Rammstein was, the Rammstein were like the Beatles there.

Yeah.

Uh, people were wearing Rammstein boots and getting Ramm stein haircuts.

And so it was either join them or die by them.

Those are the two choices?

Yeah.

Get crushed by Rammstein or fucking, you know, they will get in on Rammstein.

So either you get in on them or they will personally kill you?

They'll kill you with their fucking shows.

They're live shows.

They'll kill you with their releases, with their products, everything.

Is Rammstein, I mean, Rammstein is still a big group in Europe.

Oh, amazing.

There.

Yeah.

Top of the charts.

That's amazing.

So you had time in Germany, three months here, four months there.

Hasselhoff was big during that time in Germany in nineties too.

Yes.

Yeah.

Wow.

Nikki and Olaf from Daft Punk were there.

Wow.

Right around that time.

Yeah.

Is any of this in your book?

No, not in Germany.

Germany is not in the book.

Total Wash for you.

Is that a separate book?

Well, the publisher said, well, like, no one cares about Germany.

Yeah.

And he goes, more LA, more LA, more drugs, more sex.

So that's, that's what ended up happening, but I might include it in my fourth book.

Wow.

Just all Germany.

All.

Yeah.

It's all Germany.

And it's called three months here, four months there in Germany.

Yeah.

It's going to be called three months there, two months there, two months here.

Great.

Hey, did you ever work with like, uh, any of the LA bands, like in a punk bands like X or, uh, you know, uh, Los Lobos or any of those bands?

You remember Los Lobos from the La Bamba theme.

Yeah.

Back in 1985.

We didn't know who Los Lobos were at first when they first started coming around.

So we were a little rude to them.

Oh, wow.

Like, like where's our fucking food.

Um, who made this shit?

Uh.

So you treat them like waiters?

Well, we thought they were waiters.

Wait, now you are, your name is Chico Davis.

But yeah, I'm not Mexican.

That's Chico's because my, I have a medium sized penis.

My name is Dave Chico Davis.

You can call me Chico.

So your real name is Dave Davis.

Yeah.

Davey Davis.

Davey is, it's on my birth certificate.

I'm named after Davey Jones and the monkeys.

And I got to jam with him in Glendale.

So that was cool.

Yeah.

Oh, that sounds like a dream.

What'd you jam on?

Um, we, we both banged on, um, paint cans.

In Glendale?

Yeah.

Wow.

We were right outside.

Were you guys jamming or getting ready to like do some home decorating?

I mean, you know, come see, come see.

A little bit of this, a little bit of this, a little bit of that.

But yeah, I was helping him work on his house and I'm like, if we hit these drums right now, we can tell people we jammed.

And he's like, come on, make the fucking house.

You know?

And I'm like, nah, come on.

And so I banged and he like, he threw a pop bottle at me and I was like, that's technically a jam session.

That's sweet.

Wow.

That's amazing.

You know, I want to hear more of your stories.

We have to take a break here, but I got to hear more of these stories.

This is amazing.

Tim, is that okay if we hear more?

Yeah, I'd love to.

Oh my gosh.

Here we go.

All right.

Let's do, let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Tim Meadows and we have Chico Davis, Davey Chico Davis.

Who's named thusly because of his medium-sized penis.

Yeah.

Davey Davis.

Davey Davis here.

Chico Davis.

He's got a book, When the Rock Stopped Rolling.

Now, what is that referring to?

Because as far as I know, rock music has never really stopped rolling, but you're alluding to some big tragedy, much like, you know, when the plane with Buddy Holly and the Big Bopper crashed.

What is the, what is your book talking about?

It's one of the hardest things I've ever gone through my whole life.

Was when the rock stopped rolling.

Was when in season two of American Idol, they didn't hire me to play bass.

This is the year 2002, I'm guessing.

Yep.

Around there.

Yeah.

And the fucking guys, they had, I was, they knew I was one of the best session players in all of LA.

On that day, when I didn't get that callback, I went to the ocean and I put a .45 right in my mouth and I was about to go.

Wow.

.45.

Cold .45?

A Cold .45 cowboy gun.

Oh, I was guessing it was a drink, but you actually had a real pistol, a Cold .45.

Yeah, an old-timey Western pistol.

Wow.

How did I guess that so?

That I got from Chad Davies, who used to run Dinks at the time on Santa Monica.

Chad Davies used to be, as you all know, Chad Davies used to be nephew of Kinks front man, Ray Davies.

Sure.

And you had similar names.

Yeah.

So you, you struck up a bond.

When we started doing coke, people would be like, Davy and Davies.

Davy and Davies were fucking going at it, you know?

Also Davis and Davies, that would have worked too.

Yeah.

Wow.

But guess what happened, man?

What, man?

Fucking Izzy Stradlin and Renee Surron, who used to be Slash's ex-wife.

Izzy has been trying to murder you for three years.

Keep that in mind.

Okay.

He sees me.

Yeah.

And he's like, bro, what's going on, man?

We lost too many.

Enough.

And I was like, Izzy Stradlin, are you telling, are you trying to save my life?

And he's like, yeah, dude, beef over.

Whoa.

And gave me a hug.

Oh my God.

And his magic words, beef over.

Had you been waiting to hear those two words?

My whole life, man.

The breakup with Izzy, it ruined me, man.

It ruined, it damaged my soul.

Yeah.

You got to understand, we were like brothers, man.

And to have him and what was almost certainly going to be my suicide on the ocean was the best thing in my life, man.

That's amazing.

That's the best thing ever.

That's the life, man.

Now that being in 2002, it's probably not covered in your book, which just goes up to 99.

That's in book two.

And yet you call your first book, When the Rocks Stopped Rolling, referring to this incident.

Yeah.

It doesn't stop rolling in the first book.

It stops rolling in the second book.

Okay.

And then it starts rolling again because he was doing a reunion of the Juju Hounds.

And he needed a bass guy.

So boom, I go right in there.

Beef over, you're back in.

Beef over, fucking we do a three-state tour with the Juju H ounds.

Just three states.

Very successful.

California, Arizona, up to Oregon.

And dude, we fucking, it was just like old time, by the way .

So California to Arizona, and then up to Oregon?

Yeah.

Seems like you started maybe in Oregon and gone all the way down and done a boom.

We got on the wrong plane.

Oh, boy.

And this is before people...

Before planes had like things that said where they were going on them.

You could smoke on a plane.

You could walk in.

All you needed was a pair of shoes, basically.

Now they put your hand in your nuts.

And we've established that this is around 2004.

2004.

Post 9-11.

Right.

Because it got real crazy after 9-11, then it got real...

Real loose.

They're like, we got to pull back.

Yeah.

We've gone too far.

You know when they were throwing out your toothpaste and shit and doing that kind of stuff?

They're like, that's too much.

So then they went too far in the other direction.

We got on the wrong plane, went to Oregon, and then that was the swan song for Juju Hounds.

But fuck, what a great time, man.

That sounds amazing.

God, I want to read that second book so bad.

And then that third book about the OJ.

Oh, yeah.

The third book is going to be all about OJ.

Yeah.

Your first book, though, sounds good.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's good.

It's also a lot about how I managed things.

What's that?

I managed at Dink's for a while.

The bar, Dink's.

It was with my buddy Chad Davies.

Oh, OK.

He had a bar, and you managed it?

Yeah.

Mostly we were just doing cocaine for days and days and days.

And finally, Dink's, you know, not Dink's, it's called D ingo's Stable.

What's that?

It's called Dingo's Stable.

Dingo Stable is the nephew.

I've seen that place.

Of Kent Stable, the quarterback.

Right, right, right.

I've seen that place.

I didn't know that that's where Dink's used to be.

I've heard a lot of Dink's.

It's a lot of DJs and shit now, so it's not even fucking worth going.

It's not even worth going and getting a drink in that place , because it's all DJs and shit.

I think DJs are bullshit.

If you can't do it fucking live, then fuck off.

And if you're just going to play a tape, and you're going to get up there and fucking go, look at me, look at me, well, you don't deserve it, man.

You don't deserve a spotlight.

Yeah.

I guess it is kind of, you know, we miss having musicians like you, guys like you, who actually came out and played the instrument and stuff.

But did you ever really play with anybody other than the Ju ju band?

With the Juju Hounds?

Yeah, Juju Hounds.

Yeah, for those three dates.

That's weird that you can't remember the name, because they were pretty big.

Yeah.

Sounds like you played three dates, and then gave up, and then you've never played in any other bands in a while.

Well, Duff McKagan had, I would sometimes play bass lines while Duff McKagan was writing music.

Okay.

And oftentimes, he'd tell me, shut the fuck up, get out of here.

But a lot of times, he'd be like, yeah, that's interesting, let's go with it.

So I was kind of a session guy with Guns N' Roses.

Mm-hmm.

Well, cool.

When is he left?

Right.

Did you do anything on that Chinese Democracy album?

Yeah, we call it Chinese Trigonometry, because it's so hard to get into, man.

Ah, that's good.

There's no hits on it, man.

Axl's a fucking...

He's a great guy, but he's out of his fucking mind, man.

Yeah, yeah.

So is that joke in the book?

Is your book a lot of jokes like that?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah, man, it's a fucking hilarious book.

I mean, ultimately, I lost a leg, but...

Oh, shit, I didn't even know.

Yeah.

Oh, wow, yeah, you are missing a leg.

But other than that...

What happened?

What?

Did you talk about that in the book?

Yeah, that's in the book when I lost my leg.

Is that in the first book or the second book?

Or it couldn't be in the third book?

That's in the first book.

What year did you lose your leg?

It refers to the second book, because it happened yesterday .

So it's kind of like a psychic thing.

I kind of knew what was happening.

Wait, you lost your leg yesterday?

Yeah, I lost my leg.

What are you doing here?

Well, it's all good.

I mean, I went to the doctor.

I can't...

I'm not going to stay in the hospital for nine weeks, because I lost a leg.

Wait, you had a traumatic accident yesterday?

What happened?

I got busy on my own.

What happened?

Oh, I tried to stop.

I tried to open up the bus door.

And a biker, just a motorcycle guy, just went right by.

And took my leg.

So you were on the bus, and then you put your foot through the bus door?

While I was rolling.

Because I didn't want to wait for the next stop, because it was like three blocks down.

Yeah.

And then a motorcycle...

I was right there by Chick-fil-A, right there on Sunset, and that's where I wanted to go.

So I put my foot through the door, and the red bell started going off.

And then a biker just, boom, took my leg.

Was it a famous person on a bike?

Yeah.

It was Dog the Bounty Hunter.

What?

Wow.

And this fucking piece of shit, fat waifu.

I'm sorry for fat ladies out there.

You're not all pieces of shit, but...

This particular one was.

Yeah.

Because that bitch didn't want to stick around and try to get my leg reattached.

She's like, we gotta fucking go.

And then like, uh...

So wait, they...

Why do they need to stick around?

When they burst onto your leg, was she holding it?

Because it was a crime scene, man.

My leg is gone.

Yeah, but why does she have to stick...

What's it matter to you if she sticks around to have it re attached?

A witness.

A witness for it being to be reattached?

Witness to what happened, which was Dog ripped my leg off.

Okay.

You know?

Wow.

And she wanted to get going.

And I thought, you know, that chick, I could take a shit on her.

And I wouldn't feel bad about it.

Wow.

You're still...

I'd take a shit on her and I wouldn't even wipe.

Wow.

You know what, though?

You know what?

I know this just happened yesterday and it's fresh for you right now.

And maybe, you know, you haven't really made peace with your emotions over this.

But I bet she would love it if you would say those two words to her that you had said to you.

Beef gone.

Well, beef over.

You can't even remember the most important part of your life.

There's about 4,000 words in my book, man.

You want me to remember every single one?

This is like two words out of those 4,000.

Beef done.

Beef over.

Well, for her, I'll just say, yeah, you're right, Scott.

Tim, you're both right.

I'm going to let this shit go and bury the hatchet.

And I'm just going to tell Dog the Bond Herner's Wife, beef finished.

Right?

Yeah.

Wow.

It seems like...

I just met you and everything, but it seems like every story you have, there's a famous person in it for some reason.

Have you ever had anything happen that's not, you know...

Yeah, like just a regular schmo off the street, you know?

You know, we all have those stories, but I mean, that's not what sells the paper.

Right.

As they say.

Meaning the paper in the book?

Yeah.

As they say in the book industry, we got to sell these papers.

That's what they say.

They say, let's sell the paper because...

In the magazine industry, they call them books.

That's right.

Now the internet's killing everything now.

But haven't you had any moments in your life that were like transforming or, you know, important to you that didn't involve a celebrity from Los Angeles?

Yeah, what's the most important thing that's ever happened to you in your life, other than Beef Over by Izzy?

Well, that's number one.

Okay.

But number two.

But...

Hold on.

Let me look at my notes.

Okay.

Yeah, you have your book right in front of you.

Oh shit.

So much stuff going on.

You're sifting through the chapters.

Uh...

Yeah, no, I don't have anything else about regular people.

Because I don't care about regular people.

We're all stars in the heavens and we're making life better for everyone.

And regular people are kind of just like wasting space.

Yeah.

Right.

You know, I mean, I love fans and everything, but not really.

If you had to choose to get your leg ripped off by Dog the Bounty Hunter and his fat wife, or a regular person, who would you choose?

Honestly, Dog the Bounty Hunter.

Yeah.

Because it's another story.

Yeah, it's a good story.

You know, I'm like that guy from Benjamin Buttons.

Brad Pitt?

Brad Pitt.

I just have all these life stories that happened to me.

Or Benjamin Buttons.

Yeah, I couldn't tell which guy you're talking about.

You know, Brad Pitt had a lot of stuff happening to him.

And he seems to get younger with age.

And he has these fabulous stories.

Now you're talking about Benjamin Buttons.

No, I'm talking about Brad Pitt.

He has all these great stories where he seems to be younger .

Right?

Yeah.

He made that movie Inglourious Basterds.

Yes.

OK.

Yeah.

With Tarantino.

Yes.

Mm-hmm.

And BJ Novak.

Yeah.

BJ's so fucking great in that movie.

So what are you saying?

Big BJ Novak fan?

I'd give BJ a BJ for that performance.

Just kidding.

All right.

You like him on the Mindy Project?

Yeah, man.

He's solid.

He's a solid performer.

Fan of The Office?

Love it.

I love both offices.

The American Workplace?

The English one and the new Turkish one that's on Hulu.

I don't like the American one.

No offense.

Oh, but you're a big BJ Novak fan.

Totally.

But you've never watched it?

Nope.

You only know his work from Inglourious Basterds?

Yeah.

And that's enough for me.

You just said he's involved in The Office.

I say Office is OK.

All right.

Makes sense to me.

Wow.

Tim, any questions about, I mean, we haven't covered almost anything in this first book.

Well, I just noticed in one, he has a section with some photos in his life.

Oh, wow.

I saw a picture of you and Brian Wilson from the Beach Boys .

What's happening?

You guys are standing near Pacific Coast Highway or something.

Yeah.

Brian Wilson is one of the nicest dudes I know.

But he's brain damaged.

Should you say that in an interview, though?

I mean, he's a nice, you said he's the nicest person you know.

The guy lived in a fucking cat litter box for nine years.

But no one's ever confirmed it on the record that he's brain damaged.

Yeah.

Well, until now.

Well, here we go.

Debate over.

Guy's a fucking half a momo.

Your life is about to change.

We have it on the record.

You know, a guy walks around wearing two different shoes.

Let's update his Wikipedia page.

That said, he's one of the best friends I ever have because we go get Philly cheesesteaks and a Magnolia every third Monday of the year.

Every third Monday of the year, which would be the third Monday in January.

Yes, that's the way to put it.

That'd be a way to put it.

And then you never see him until the next year?

Yeah, until next January.

Yeah.

But he's actually going to be performing at this benefit I 'm doing for Dimebag Darrell.

Oh, OK.

And when we talk about him, people maybe don't know, but he 's the Pantera guitarist, right?

Yeah.

And he was a Pantera guitarist, and then he had his own band damage plan without Phil Anselmo.

And they had beef for a long time.

And the assassin maybe even thought that it was Dimebag's fault that they broke up, but it was actually Phil Anselmo's drug use.

Is this in your book?

That's in my book.

That's in the book.

Were you partied in any of this, or are you just talking about it in the book?

No, what I'm saying is that I don't know.

This guy was crazy, and I was there, and I could have stopped him from shooting everybody.

Yes.

I had two opportunities to stop him from shooting everybody .

In the bathroom, he said, look at this gun.

I'm going to unload it on the audience.

And I'm like, what are you, fucking crazy?

Man, get out of here.

I could have probably just locked him in the bathroom then, but this is hindsight's 20-20.

Do you wish you had done that?

I don't have any regrets.

Hindsight may be 20-20, but why use it?

Why?

I mean, you know what happens if you go back in time?

You fuck everything up, you know?

Yeah, that's the thing.

Back to the future, and that's the thing.

Like, if I save people, then maybe, you know.

Yeah.

Maybe Pantera gets back together.

Yeah, and what kind of world would that be?

I mean, you don't know.

You don't know.

Yeah, so everybody come.

It's that space land in Echo Park.

Um, formerly space land.

Yeah.

And we're going to do a benefit for Dimebag Daryl.

And so what is, where's the money going?

Um, it's going to me first, and then I'm going to talk to his widow and see what she wants to do with the money.

Okay, but it is going to his family.

Eventually it'll go to the family, yeah.

And Phil Anacello will be there also.

Okay, what's he going to be doing?

He's going to be selling t-shirts.

Oh, really?

No, just kidding.

That's a good joke though.

That's, and that's.

The book's full of jokes like that.

That's the kind of sense of humor that your writing is filled with, right?

You feel like, damn, this is tragic shit, but it's not.

But because you're laughing all the way through the tears.

Yeah.

One question I have is for somebody like me who's not, you know, that into the heavy metal scene of the Los Angeles 19...

90, 99.

Yeah.

What's in this book for somebody like me?

Well, there's a few chapters on the Juju Hounds.

Oh, okay.

And I heard about those guys today for the first time.

Are you serious, Tim Meadows?

Yeah.

Because that's not just the LA scene, that's the Arizona scene and also the Oregon scene.

Yeah, and there's a lot of parallels.

No, Chico, seriously, I never heard of those guys until today.

Okay, well go home.

This will change your life.

Go home.

Okay.

Get on a computer and then put Juju Hounds in the Google box.

Okay.

It's usually the one that's upper left.

Don't try to put it in your email because then you're just going to be looking for Juju Hound emails.

Yeah, don't email that.

That's no fun.

I would never do that.

No.

You can use Chrome's, Google it, or Chrome's it.

Chico, I know how to Google stuff.

Thank you.

Oh, I'm sorry, though.

It's not new.

It's been around for a while.

Yeah, but when you don't know what the Juju Hounds are, what do you know?

Yeah.

He's got a...

You're right.

How do you spell Juju Hounds?

I don't even know.

A lot of people think it's J-E-W-J-W, but it's not.

It's Juju, J-U-J-U.

Hounds like the hounds of hell.

Right.

Or the hounds of the Baskervilles.

Or the hounds of the Baskervilles, but more like hell because we're more dark or we're more on the edge.

Yeah.

But the Hounds of the Baskervilles was a pretty dark Sherlock Holmes story.

Was it?

Yeah.

It was pretty grim.

What happened to that?

Well, Sherlock, everyone thinks that they've been drugged and they keep seeing these hounds, these massive hell hounds coming out.

Sounds like Saturday Night at Axl Rose's house.

Or Saturday Night Live.

Yeah.

Saturday Night Live.

Starring Bob Newhart and Axl Rose.

Yeah.

God, I wish those guys...

And Kurt Cobain.

I wish those guys would start a sketch group up in heaven.

If you have a shitty life and shitty wife and kids that you don't care about and your job sucks and your parents are getting sick and you're thinking about, I'm going to have to take care of them because they're dying and do my kids care about me and have I done anything as a human being?

Pick up the book and it'll cheer you up.

Okay.

Great.

It's good to know.

There's a lot of death stories in there, though.

But there's so many jokes.

There's a lot of surviving stories too.

Sounds like just one and it's not even in the book.

It's in the next book.

Well, Duff McKagan and Izzy Stradlin overcame addiction and they're great.

So I mean, that's something positive to take with you.

Do you talk about that in the book?

I don't put it...

I didn't put it in the first book.

I fucked up.

But it might be in my OJ book because...

What would it be doing in your OJ book?

Because I invited Izzy and Duff McKagan to my house to check out some of the tapes of the OJ trial.

I was pretty drunk at the time.

I would just sit in my apartment and just watch OJ trial tape.

What year is this?

This is 2001.

Oh, okay.

This is before Beef Over.

Before Beef Over.

So you're just inviting this guy who's been trying to kill you.

Yeah.

Over to your house to watch.

To watch OJ trial.

Okay.

When it was... it was already over, but I had tapes.

Because at the time I was unemployed, so I recorded the whole OJ trial and VHS tape.

Yeah.

So he would come over and watch these while the beef's still on.

Was he trying to kill you while he was there watching these tapes?

He wanted to kill me and Duff, I guess, stopped him.

Was restraining him while you're watching the tapes.

Yeah.

And when I say he tried to kill me, he tried to kill me.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

He took like a dog collar.

He took Dixon's dog collar.

Put it on me.

Made me dog food and stepped on the back of my neck for 20 minutes.

Finally, Duff McCagan's like, enough!

Enough!

So this is his dead dog's collar.

Well, the dog didn't die.

Oh, I will...

He had heat stroke and became paralyzed.

Okay.

That's still pretty bad.

Yeah, that's bad.

Some people just put your dog to sleep after that.

Yeah.

But he didn't.

Why is he taking his collar off of his dog, though?

I mean, what is his...

That was like a message.

But why...

You fuck with Dixon, you fuck with Izzy, you fuck with your life.

What if his dog were to escape and not have its collar on?

I don't know.

That's not...

He can't escape.

Yeah, he's paralyzed.

He's paralyzed below the snout.

Really?

But everything above?

Yeah.

Working just fine?

Mm-hmm.

So everything above the snout means...

His eyes.

His eyes, his nose, his forehead, his brow.

He's always trying to communicate with his eyes.

It's pretty cute.

Is it like Diving Bell and the butterflies just blinking?

You know, Izzy seems to know how to communicate with this fucking thing.

They make it work.

Yeah.

Because the thing's still alive.

Just blink four times and that means bark.

Three times for woof.

And you can't...

Well, he can't bark because he's paralyzed below the snout.

Yeah.

And he also...

So what you have to do is you have to fill a condom up with dog food and then shove it in his mouth and squeeze it.

Why does it have to be a condom?

It's hard to get dog food in a balloon.

Yeah.

Honestly.

That's true.

That should be your fourth book.

That's going to be the title of my fourth book, I think.

It's Hard to Feed a Dog with a Balloon.

Yeah.

Right?

Or no, How to Get Dog Food in...

It's Hard to Get Dog Food in a Balloon.

Yeah.

We'll write this book for you.

Oh my gosh.

You have great lines, but then you forget them all.

Yeah, immediately.

Chico.

Beef not happening anywhere.

All beef off.

Uh, all right.

Well, Chico, it's a pleasure to hear from you.

And we just have one thing left on the show.

And that is a little something we call Plugs.

♪♪♪♪♪ ♪♪ We had a good time ♪♪ ♪♪ Now it's almost over ♪♪ ♪♪ But I ain't going to cry ♪♪ ♪♪ We had a good time ♪♪ ♪♪ One person to another ♪♪ ♪♪ Now it's public relations time ♪♪ ♪♪ I can't get up now ♪♪ ♪♪ They just can't wait ♪♪ ♪♪ What will you plug? ♪♪ ♪♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪♪ Ooh, I like that.

Wow, that's really nice.

That was a great one.

That was Now It's Almost Over, parentheses, What Will You Plug?

by T.W. Bond.

Thank you, T.W. Bond.

That was smooth.

I really enjoyed that.

Well, I will be performing in Kansas City at the Kansas City Comedy Club October 10th, 11th, 12th, which is going to be nice.

We'll not be out by then.

Oh, okay.

Then I'm going to Hawaii around for Halloween.

So check me out in Hawaii.

Where can people find out your dates?

Do you have a central hub?

It's Tim Line Meadows.

Tim L-I-N-E Meadows.

No. What's the line?

Underscore.

No, it's not the underscore.

Oh, so it's the hyphen.

Yeah.

Dash.

Yes.

Tim-Meadows.com.

Dot com.

Yes.

What does dot com stand for?

Communication.

You think so, or is it computer?

That's a good answer, man.

I don't know.

That's good, because org is the other.

Organization.

Yeah.

Net.

Internet.

dot net.

Business.

They all have different...

Gov.

Government.

But com, we don't know.

I don't.

The most popular one, we don't know.

This is what I'm talking about.

So Tim-Meadows.com, and people can find out all of your dates, and you travel around the country and you make people laugh.

And do you have any TV shows, movies, anything like that coming up?

I'm working.

Like, things I'm doing right now, I don't know when they're coming out.

One movie I just did is going to Sundance, and it's called Anyone's Goes.

I am doing...I just do stuff and let it come out.

I don't even think about it.

Who cares, man?

Just do it.

You do it for the experience, right?

Yeah, and the money.

Oh, right, right, right, right.

And then I let everybody else decide to promote it.

As long as that check clears, though.

Yeah, I don't care.

Oh, man, I love it.

Let's see.

Chico.

I'll be performing with Hollywood Rose.

What is that?

Hollywood Rose is my new band.

Oh, okay.

It's an old band, but I'm back in it, and we're going to reboot that, and we're going to try to do a three-state tour of that.

Just three?

But also, I had another psychic vision, and so when this show airs, I'm going to let people know what they can do.

I'm going to have a benefit for the tragic events of 6-14- 2014.

And this will be to pay money to all employees of Disneyland after there's a terrorist attack in Disneyland.

On June 14th?

June 14th, 2014.

Of 2014.

Oh, my God.

So look out for that.

If you're at Disneyland that day, look out.

Don't go.

Oh, you just think they shouldn't go.

They shouldn't go.

You heard it here first.

That's probably a better choice.

So there's that.

So you got that going on?

Like the Jews did in Twin Towers.

They all knew, and then they stopped.

They didn't go to work.

I have not heard this story.

You have not heard that?

No, I have not.

All Jews called each other and were like, don't go to work.

What?

It's a conspiracy.

Yeah.

Wow.

Well, we'll get into that another time.

Is that a book that you have coming out?

That's a great idea.

I might have to do that because it's a crazy story, how 9- 11 was bullshit.

Yeah.

Fifth book.

Because I want you to write that dog food won't fit in a balloon.

All right.

Then that'll be the fourth one.

Let's go to the phones.

Caller, you're on the air.

Hi.

This is ... Wait, is this ...

Is this Stradlin's wife?

Is this Trina Spadaro?

Yeah.

Hey, Trina.

How you doing?

Hey, we got Chico.

Oh, it's Chico.

David Davis here.

Chico David Davis.

I miss you.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry for all the shit that happened.

You owe me $15,000.

Don't you forget it.

And where's my Coke?

Trina, I'm so sorry, baby.

I'm so sorry.

Don't call me baby.

Look, me and your husband, man, we're going to have a party .

We're going to have a party.

I'm so sorry, baby.

I'm so sorry.

Don't call me baby.

Look, me and your husband, man, beef over.

But not between you guys, huh?

How about us?

Beef is starting.

Oh, my.

Beef beginning?

Beef beginning.

Oh, God.

Well, I only have one other piece of business.

And that's to follow Horatio Sands, Mr. Horatio Sands at Twitter.

Yeah.

Are you so fucking good and funny with that shit?

Yeah, he is funny.

I'm going to hang up on this one.

I'm going to be like, don't you dare.

Bye, Gina.

See you later.

Bye.

No, Horatio Sands' Twitter feed is hysterical.

I follow him.

That's good, his Twitter feed.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's great.

Yeah.

What's he do on there?

He'll talk about suicide or make a joke about some tragedy that just occurred.

One or the other.

Something like Jonestown.

And he follows a bunch of webcam girls.

It's pretty awesome.

You should check it out.

All right.

That's it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Plug bag.

Bingo.

Brows.

All right.

That is it, guys.

Great shit.

Tim, thank you so much for being a part of this.

Yes, sir.

Thank you for having me.

I really enjoyed it.

And Chico, good luck.

I mean, I still don't know what is in this first book.

I don't think we've talked about anything that's in this first book, but I'll go with it.

Well, you're going to have to find out, man.

And I'm going to get you a copy before I leave both of you guys.

Really?

Yeah.

What are you going to do?

I mean, you don't have any on you.

I'm going to send it to your email, Kantz.

Oh, okay.

You could get it an audio book.

Oh, do you narrate the audio book?

Mm-hmm.

That's the real fucking shit to get into, because I break down.

I cry.

I cry when there's something sad, and I laugh when something's funny.

And it's just a real nice look into the LA rock and roll scene of the 90s.

I always wanted to hear a book read by someone who's continuously laughing or crying.

I think that would be a pleasant experience.

Or telling their own story.

They know the answers to.

Yeah.

I've heard this before, but I'm going to cry anyways.

Yeah.

Well, I'm looking forward to it, Chico.

Thank you very much, man.

You guys are awesome.

Thank you.

Hey, you're awesome.

All right.

Deal.

I can't find my wallet.

You can't find your wallet?

Really?

Have you looked to your left?

Mm.

No.

Here's your wallet, man.

I was just fucking around.

Chico!

I was just fucking around.

Here's your wallet.

Oh, Chico.

All right, guys.

Thanks so much.

We will be back next week.

Thanks for, well, listening.

Okay.

We'll see you.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio, boom.com.

The wolf dead.

dead.
