The titular star of the Eric Andre show, Eric Andre, is making his first appearance on the podcast.

And I'm a little worried today, we'll talk about that, but all of that and more all on today's bonus...

♫♫♫ I may have muscular shapely arms, but socially I'm hopeless . The only thing I can throw is a party.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

I don't believe that's true.

About my muscly arms?

Don't be hard on yourself. Not today.

I know, today of all days too. I'm a little distracted. We 'll go into that in a second.

I do, on with the show, the show must go on.

Show must go on.

Welcome to the show, that of course, oh I forgot to mention who that was from, that is a catchphrase from your uncle, the one with the.

Thank you so much. If you have a catchphrase, go set it, set it, go set it, just say it.

We'll find you.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. This is Scott Aukerman, your host.

And across the table from me today is...

Boy oh boy, it's a meeting of the fake talk show hosts.

People keep trying to get us together.

It's Jiminy Glick.

That's right. I love Jiminy Glick.

Me too.

Welcome Eric Andre from the Eric Andre Show.

Hey, thank you for having me.

How are you? First timer.

Yes.

First time on my show.

Yes.

But now you and I have not.

Popped my cherry, spread my legs wide open. Get my butthole on wet right now.

Do you consider your butthole to be your cherry?

Yep. I have an anal hymen that I popped in karate class. I did a roundhouse kick and it burst.

Eric, you have never been on the show before and a lot of people, and I sort of alluded to this in your intro, but a lot of people try to get us to do interviews together , especially when your show and my show came out around the same time, I think.

Yes.

Because you and I both do sort of what they perceive to be new talk shows or fake talk shows.

And so in a lot of people's minds, there is a battle between us of who is the best.

People are trying to start a Tupac Biggie feud between us, but I'm not going to let it happen, brother.

I'm not going to go for it.

You and I have known each other a while.

I do think we should have like a no holds bar, like cage match, like barbed wire WWF death battle.

Definitely. Definitely. To the death.

Yeah. To the death.

Definitely.

But not out of like hatred for one another.

No, no. We would like each other the whole time. And when I ripped out your throat, I would probably cry to the heavens , no!

No, my friend.

I'd feel terrible about it.

Why did I do this to my friend?

But I, you know, I just, and this just struck me. What if your show and my show did a crossover episode?

Yeah.

When CSI and Two and a Half Men did their crossover episode .

That's not true.

They did.

That's not true.

They did.

Is it?

Yes.

I was going to say The Simpsons and The Critic.

Yeah, well, yeah, exactly.

I think the CSI Two and a Half Men one was- Is that real?

It is real, but I think it wasn't- That sounds like a mess. Was it awesome?

I don't think it was a crossover, meaning the characters crossed over. I think what it was was the writing staff switched shows.

What?

So the writers from CSI wrote Two and a Half Men for a week and vice versa.

It's really bizarre.

It's really strange.

I really want to see both those episodes.

I only watched the Two and a Half Men one and it was like done like a CSI episode where they were investigating something and they kept like flashing into Charlie Harper's body.

That's like I almost have more, they have like more cred with me now.

Credibility.

That's short for credibility.

That's cool.

I think that doesn't seem like they do something that cute.

What's the best crossover that you can think of? I mean, you thought of The Simpsons and The Critic.

The Simpsons and The Critic came to mind first. I don't know, there's not a lot of them. What do I have to pick from?

They used to have them all the time, like, you know, Different Strokes, Facts of Life.

Yeah, it was really exciting when that happened.

What's another one that I'm thinking of right now?

Family Matters.

Oh, Family Matters and Just the Ten of Us?

Full House? When did that happen?

Oh, Full House.

That never happened.

Where, Urkel. Urkel was in both of them.

Oh, now I remember.

It's all coming back to me now.

Urkel was in both of them?

Yeah.

Who would, maybe, what, does Hannibal come over to my show?

Yeah, that's what I was thinking.

And Reggie goes over to yours?

That's what I was thinking.

I have Reggie for an up and you have Hannibal for an up.

I would do it.

Or we could get real bizarro and it's Hannibal and Reggie do Bang Bang.

And then I'm your sidekick?

Wait, how come I get relegated to sidekick rolling this?

And then neither of us show up to my show.

It's just empty. It's just an empty set.

What if it's just you and I both switch and those guys stay the same?

Like, we vice versa into each other's body?

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Body switching. Body swap.

We get electrocuted at the same time?

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

We get, not from the same source either.

We just happen to both get electrocuted at the exact same moment from two different things.

I buy the science behind that.

I wonder if any two human beings in the world have ever been electrocuted at exactly the same time.

Oh, I'm sure.

No, I don't think so.

Yeah.

I think it's statistically impossible.

No.

Did you see that Full House Family Manage crossover?

Oh, that's true. No, you're right.

There you go.

So Eric, your show is back.

It's back.

You're back, baby!

A major wave!

Back, back, back, back, back!

Your Adult Swim.

Yeah.

Right off the bat, let's talk about it.

Your show is on it.

Let's get into it.

Adult Swim.

Let's move on from there to say that it's on Thursdays.

It's on Thursdays.

What time?

1230 at night.

Do you like that time slot or do you think that your ratings would be higher if it were earlier?

I do like that time slot.

I think that's the right time.

You're going right up against Fallon's monologue, the part that everyone loves!

I think it's like an appropriate time.

It's a talk show-ish time and it's, I don't know, it's like right when the bong rips are flowing like wine.

How many episodes are you doing this season?

What was my abbreviation before?

It was Cred.

Cred, yeah.

Cred Epsees.

My favorite actor, by the way.

Cred Epsees.

He's so good.

My favorite canter, actually.

Cred Epstein.

Ten.

Ten big ones.

Ten big ones, meaning 15 minutes.

Fifteen minutes.

Huge, huge ones.

You did a 45 minute New Year's Eve one, I remember.

Do you like the 15 minute better or the 45 minute?

I like the 15 minute better.

I think it's like leave the viewer wanting more rather than giving them too much.

The New Year's thing was a special, so it was a little bit different.

And I think a New Year's special kind of wants to be long and feel alive.

Did you count down the ball or was it, like did you count down to New Year's Eve?

The ball dropping is what I mean.

We count down.

Did you count down the ball?

That's one of those phrases that everyone knows what I mean .

We counted down to New Year's and then we counted down to 1206 AM.

Great.

You got to do everything different, Eric.

I do.

What is with you?

You know what?

I just turn it on its head.

I don't know where it comes from.

What is going on with you?

Come on, man.

I've been meaning to talk to you about it.

I don't like your attitude on the show.

I'm glad you brought that up because enough is enough.

Yeah, come on, man.

Because you know, the interview that we, when we interviewed each other last year for Time of New York, I sent that article to my parents, but I forgot that I mentioned I got arrested in it.

They got arrested?

No, I got arrested.

Oh, you got, I told you I got arrested.

They didn't know that you got arrested?

No.

And I totally just sent it to them.

I was like, oh, cool.

This came out.

Didn't even finish reading it.

And just like, like as soon as I saw it forwarded to them.

And then they're like, I had to like have a talk with my parents.

So your parents don't approve of you doing the show or getting arrested or both?

No, of course they approve of me doing the show.

But no, they're just worried.

You say of course they approve of you doing the show.

Well, I was so broke.

I was so dirt broke before the show.

Yeah.

Got, you know, just the fact that.

And then you're rolling an adult swim.

And I'm making a hundred bucks a year.

10, 15 minute episodes.

So they, what did they say to you?

They were just worried.

I don't know.

And I just had to be like, no, no, no.

I just like kind of like downplayed it.

And I was like, Hey, so I just changed the subject.

Did you get actually convicted of whatever crime you were arrested for?

No, it was two misdemeanors and they were both reduced to infractions.

But still I'm like, I still have to have a 20 minute conversation with whatever cop is at the Canadian border.

And every time I play Toronto or Montreal.

And what do they say?

They say, they're like, well, what do you want to tell us what happened last March, 2012?

And I was like, yeah, I did a hidden camera prank where I dressed up like a frat boy with a backwards O'Doul's hat on.

And I went to a town hall meeting in Rancho Cucamonga.

And while the mayor was talking, I ran up to the podium and screamed, vote for me for class president.

And I'll put beer in the water fountains and cameras in the girls locker rooms, go Bobcats.

And there were 12 sheriffs there.

And they politely escorted me outside and I was all like, don't tase me, bro.

And then when they asked what my name was, I told them my name was jazz legend, Ornette Coleman.

And then I went to jail.

Now the only thing that sounds illegal in that is the telling them it was jazz legend Ornette Coleman.

Yeah, no, that was one of my charges.

But they actually like, what was it?

Disturbing the peace and lying to a cop.

It's something sounds, it's like, it sounds way more technical.

I think that disturbing the peace law.

I think that's bullshit because technically a cop can just say to anyone, hey, you're disturbing the peace.

It is.

It's a catch all kind of bullshit thing.

Yeah, it's left up.

I don't like it.

It's subjective.

I don't like it.

Fight the power.

You always stroke me as like a public enemy type of guy.

I really am.

Well, Elvis was a legend to most.

You never meant shit to me.

Straight out racist.

What is this little buckle under this table?

That's my belt buckle.

Go ahead and pull on it.

Oh, I've been jacking you off this entire time.

Thank you.

I didn't want to say anything.

I've been enjoying this interview immensely.

So you're back.

You have 10 episodes.

You already have premiered last week, but Thursdays 1230 at night.

And then to top it all off, to put the cherry on the whipped cream, which is the technically the whipped cream is the topping of a Sunday, but the cherry is the topping on the topping.

Yes.

To do all that, you're actually going on.

Don't even ask the question.

Great.

Move on.

Okay.

What were you saying?

You're going on tour.

Yes, I'm going on tour.

Several tour dates that I forget all of them.

But you're going on tour with the Eric Andre show, which is different than you as a standup comedian or?

Yeah, we do the talk show live.

So I come out, I destroy the set.

I interview people.

We show videos.

It's a lot of fun.

And does Hannibal come or does come?

I'm not sure if he's coming on this tour.

I will know by the end of this week.

He's a very busy, busy man.

You're hearing this.

We'll know if Hannibal comes or not.

Yes.

Yeah.

We're figuring that out now.

He has done the majority of the live shows, but that he is a very busy gentleman because he is on a rocket ship to the moon.

Same thing with Reggie and my tour.

You know, Reggie has his own wonderful magical adventures to go on.

Yeah.

Follow me around on tour.

Yes.

I thought Reggie was going to be here.

Does Reggie do the podcast?

No.

I mean, once a year, baby.

He does the theme song.

He used to do the theme song every week and how did you and Reggie start collaborating?

Collabo.

Um, yeah, he was on this show.

He did the theme song.

And so when, you know, much like you, I would imagine when with you and Hannibal, is it the same kind of thing of where they said you need a side kick?

Yeah.

Hannibal was in it from the beginning, from when we shot the presentation.

I shot the presentation on my own, on my own dime in this like abandoned bodega in Brooklyn years ago, 2008, 2009.

And Hannibal was written in like the earliest versions Hannibal was written in.

Like, um, I scripted it out, I think in 2007.

But you knew you needed a sidekick.

Yeah.

And I just thought Hannibal was perfect because he's like the opposite energy and he, I knew he would ground the whole show and, um, uh, but he, but he was still like, comedically, I feel like we were both like doing kind of out there shit, man.

But he just like to have that odd couple dynamic on, on the screen would be beneficial.

And you guys, speaking of the screen, you guys light up the screen every time you're on it.

Dynamite.

I want you to come up with like a crooner kind of album.

I always wanted to actually.

I want you to have a Brandy Sifter in your hand.

Um, yeah, Reggie and I, same thing.

Just I knew I needed a sidekick and he did the theme song to this podcast.

So you guys have been bros for a while.

You guys have known each other for a long time or what?

I mean, we've known each other in the sense of like, I, you know, I booked that show at UCB and, and MBAR and so I would have them on those places, but, but, and see them at festivals, you know, comedians, we all know each other, right?

We're all friends.

We're all bros.

We all bro out.

We're all friends.

There's some beef.

Comedians don't get along with each other as much as I thought they would.

Let's talk about the beefs.

What beefs are?

I don't have any beefs.

I've squashed my beefs, but who did you used to have beefs with?

And you can talk in the general terms or you can talk very, very specifically.

I want to be very vague.

Um, I don't know.

I'm a fan.

Comics are so sensitive that I don't, I'm not even sure I want to like talk about old beefs.

Yeah, because if you talk about an old beef, all of a sudden it's like, it's happening.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But I don't know.

I think comedians are very sensitive people and, and you know, can be looked a little neurotic and insecure.

Are you sensitive?

You get very sensitive.

I think I'm very sensitive.

What hurts your feelings?

Like what, what could someone say to hurt your feelings?

Oh, girls hurt my feelings.

Women hurt my feelings.

I get easily heartbroken and uh, you know, I want to feel, um, accepted and I want the validation of strangers and the validation of other comedians.

You keep track of what people say about your show and what people say about you and what people say about your act.

I, uh, it depends on who it's coming from.

If it's from, from like racist lunatic, 12 year old on Twitter harassing me, then I don't really give a shit.

Then you definitely pay attention.

Then I definitely, I'm all ears.

How can I convert this guy into a fan?

What if it's like a comedian I admire or just a good friend or somebody whose work I liked and I'm sensitive about that.

What's the nicest, what's the nicest compliment that a comedian has given you?

Can you think of anything like that?

What was a thrill for you?

Someone you admire ever say they're a fan of your work?

No, I try to push the compliments out of my mind because I want to feel like, I want to feel like some drive.

I don't want to get like a comfortable.

No I don't know.

I can't tell you off the top of my head.

Um, you know, Magic Johnson came up to me and he was like, good shit man.

Had you just done something or just, wow.

No, none of this is true.

I just like, that would be cool though.

Well, I'm sorry to put you on the spot if you could.

I will get back to you on that.

Could you get back to me and we'll drop it in here.

So just, could you say a sentence and we'll drop in?

Yeah.

Uh, it was when Weird Al Yankovic came up to me and he says , sweet mama mia, pasta prima vera.

And he kissed me on the lips and slapped me across the face .

So no, no, you didn't, you just said that sentence with none of the details and we dropped him in a little later.

So I'm excited to hear this episode to hear exactly who did what to you.

But um, I want you to edit this episode all out of order.

It just sounds like some weird John Cage art.

Tell people about your show if they, if they don't know anything about it.

I don't know any person who wouldn't.

It is a talk show.

Everyone has, everyone ever, that has ever existed has seen it, but I'll just explain it to people to remind them.

Um, it's a talk show.

Um, it's a dysfunctional talk show.

I play a dysfunctional talk show host and I have a co-host named Hannibal Burress.

When you say dysfunctional, you're not functioning correctly.

Is that what you mean?

Yeah, I just mean it's not, you're not, it's not Jay Leno.

That's, I'm just, it's not quite Jay Leno.

I would say every talk show but the Tonight Show is not Jay Leno.

That's true.

I would say Jay Leno has a more conservative approach than the way.

And you're not talking politics, you're talking the content .

Perhaps, well, who knows?

That's the great thing about Jay is like, he does a couple of jokes about the Republicans.

He does a couple of jokes about the Democrats.

You don't know where his politics are.

Why would you want to alienate half of your audience?

You know what I mean?

Now me personally, me personally, I'm not afraid to say that all of a sudden Barack Hussein Obamacare has opened up October 1st and I'm st inking mad about it.

I'm not afraid, I thought you were going to say, I'm not afraid to say that 9-11 never happened.

It's a conspiracy.

No, I'm not one of those.

Truthers?

No, thank you.

9-11 never happened.

The towers are still there.

That date in fact did not exist.

It went from September 10th to the 12th that year.

Yeah, that's what a lot of people don't know is the...

It's a leap year, it was a leap year.

The Roman calendar has never had a date called September 11 th on it.

We have all been brainwashed.

I watch Zeitgeist, I get it.

Mass hypnosis.

So your show is a little...

I have to give a shout out to my friend Devin Nelson.

He is a huge fan of Comedy Bang!

Oh, hello Devin.

He is a huge, huge fan.

That's very nice.

He's my good buddy from...

He's like a brother to me.

He's like a brother from another mother.

Where are you from by the way?

Pittsburgh?

From Florida.

Very close.

Boca Raton, Florida.

Yeah.

Nice.

Boca Raton, Florida.

3-3-4-8-4.

Is that the zip code or the area code?

Just a bunch of random numbers.

You just like to say?

I have no idea what the zip code is.

What's the area code?

It changed a bunch.

It was originally 407 when I was little, then it went to 5 61.

Where are you from?

Seattle?

Yeah, actually.

LA?

Yeah, why would you think Seattle?

You seem like a Seattle kind of grunge kind of guy.

Grunge?

Yeah.

Why do I seem like a grunge guy to you?

You got the hoodie, you got the Husker Du CD, Pearl Jam.

I'm carrying a Husker Du CD, they're from Minneapolis.

I'm going to Seattle for my first time.

On the tour?

Yeah.

You've never been?

Never been.

Why not?

Just never got around to it.

Never had an opportunity to, never got asked to play a show there.

It's great.

I don't know anybody that lives there.

A lot of comedy fans up there.

You've never done Bumbershoot?

Never done Bumbershoot.

It's great up there.

Where are you playing when you're in Seattle?

Oh, man.

I should really do a spring grab on my tour thing.

No problem.

We'll just drop it in.

I wish I knew.

We'll drop it in right now.

Can you drop it in?

Yeah, here you go.

Can you pull it up?

It's on Adult Swim's website.

Maybe just Eric Andre Adult Swim tour or something.

Something like that.

We'll get all these dates by the plugs.

Okay, good.

Alright, good.

We have to take a break.

How long have you been doing this show?

This is four and a half years at this point.

Yeah?

Yeah.

What do you think?

Four and a half years.

You think I'd be better at it?

No, I think you're fantastic.

Oh, here we go.

Seattle at the crocodile.

Crocodile.

Have you been there?

I have not.

Are you familiar with Seattle?

I'm familiar with crocodiles.

Okay.

So, what was that?

Was that like a little ding?

Spadoon?

Do we have sound effects on this show now?

Spadoon.

What is happening?

Spadoon.

I'm familiar a little bit with Seattle.

I've been there maybe five times.

I was just there for Bumbershoot.

But you went to Hollywood High School?

No, no.

I went to the Orange County High School of the Arts.

You were in Orange County or you were in LA?

Orange County, yeah.

Oh, you were in Orange County?

Mm-hmm.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah.

So, you say up around here, not LA?

No, not LA proper.

No.

Not LA proper.

But Southern SoCal?

Yeah, yeah.

Right on the Long Beach floor.

School of the Arts?

Yes.

Oh, you were a musical guy?

Yeah, yeah.

That's right.

West Side Story?

I did West Side Story once, yeah.

I was Officer Crocky.

Bernstein.

Awesome, right?

Yep.

Leonard.

That's the way to do it.

Yeah.

Just work your way through the woodwinds.

If you know what I mean.

Meaning you're going to have sex with all the people who play the woodwind instruments.

What's your favorite?

What are you, Oklahoma?

What's your favorite?

I did Oklahoma.

Yeah?

I was currently in Oklahoma, yeah.

What about Les Mis?

I have never done Les Mis.

Did you see the Anne Hathaway movie?

I did.

What did you think?

She and Jake Gyllenhaal had a lot of chemistry, I thought.

But you watch musicals with a critical eye?

I do.

If you're talking about Les Mis, I...

Not a fan.

I enjoyed it.

The problem with Les Mis is they cast a lot of stars who maybe could not sing all that well.

Anne Hathaway was great.

Right, right, right, right, right, right.

Yeah.

What's your favorite?

My favorite musical is probably Sweeney Todd.

Yeah?

I always picture you as a Porgy and Bess kind of guy.

Really?

What's your favorite music?

You seem to know a lot about them.

Oh, Dancer in the Dark with Bjork.

My wife walked out of that literally with 10 minutes to go.

She looked at me and said, I can't take it anymore.

Walked out and hung out in the lobby.

So depressing.

At the time they were like hanging her.

It just was like...

She was like, yeah, this is about it.

Spoiler alert, dude.

Come on, you're ruining it for people that haven't seen it.

Everyone in the movies gets hanged at the end of the movie.

So it's not really a spoiler alert when it happens in every single movie.

Do you like musicals though?

Or do you think they're...

I've never been...

They've never...

Appealed to you?

Appealed to me.

But you know a lot about them.

I like... I actually did like Dancer in the Dark.

There was another musical I think I liked.

I don't remember.

But you know, because I played in d'orchestra.

I was in an orchestra.

What'd you play?

I was an upright bass player.

I went to Berklee.

I went to a music school.

You did, really?

So you must be really good.

I sucked.

Berklee's living off a lie.

It's a joke.

I mean, it's a 75% acceptance rate.

You have to write two essays to get in.

There's not even an audition.

They never even hear you play?

They don't even hear you play.

I think I did audition to get a scholarship, but the audition wasn't necessary.

It's totally like selling kids a dream.

They used to be...

I think they're living off their rep.

Juilliard's the same way.

Reputation.

I apologize.

Juilliard's the same way, really?

I think Juilliard has a rigorous audition process, but I don't think it's as good as it used to be.

Did you think you were good going into Berklee?

No, I got better once I got to school, but upright bass is hard.

It's really hard.

Why did you start?

I was an electric bass player and a cello player, and it just seemed like the natural progression and I liked the way the instrument looked and sounded.

Did you sort of feel bad that you missed out on the...

I would play trumpet or drums if I did it all over again.

You feel bad you missed out on the ska scene?

No, I got the tail end of it.

Like those whole squirrel nut zippers type things?

No, I was right in the heart.

You were in there?

I was right in the heart of third wave ska.

Oh yeah.

Ska movie and the Epitones and all that stuff.

Anything with ska on its name?

Skadalites?

Yeah, skalites.

They were first wave, I think.

That was the original ska.

They were first wave.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I like second wave.

Yeah, me too.

Specials.

I've been getting into the first wave recently, but I like ...

First and second are for me.

Second wave.

No, thank you.

Third wave.

Less than Jake.

Give me a break.

Yeah.

Try beating more than Jake next time, guys.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Were you a ska fan?

You were a squirrel nut zippers fan.

Yeah.

I actually, when I was in high school, I went around to a lot of the second wave, like sort of post second wave, late 80s bands, the Donkey Show, Fish bone.

You were like two and a half wave.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh, Fishbone, that's great.

Yeah, they were my favorite band.

Fishbone sucked, but they rocked.

They were amazing live.

One of the best bands I've ever seen live.

They were amazing, but I listened to a CD and I'd just be like, eh, and then I'd see them live and I'd be like, whoa.

Their first EP, great, like their best recording.

That's what I gotta get.

You gotta burn me a thing or something.

But what was I going to say?

So you, oh, yeah, yeah, the base.

So you, what's your favorite bass line?

Boom, but don't boom boom boom, but don't boom boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.

Yeah.

Fantastic.

Did you ever learn to play that one or is that too hard?

Is that fourth year?

That's like fourth wave ska.

All right.

We have to take a break when we come back, we will.

Let's play us out though with one of those baselines.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang after this.

But don't boom boom Reggie watch out.

I'm digging your job.

Reggie watch out.

Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Eric Andre and I thought that interview went, went really well considering considering, I mean, uh, but just like I, how my mindset is right now.

I told you before we started recording about what's going on with me.

So it's, you know, I think it, I think it went well though.

I really enjoyed that.

Yeah.

I feel bad for you.

I know it's, I'm worried about you.

Well, I'm not necessarily worried about myself, like the consequences necessarily as much as I'm worried about Todd.

You know, I mean, it's, it's, I mean, that's funny, but it 's not really something to joke about right now because Todd, sorry.

I'm feeling a little insensitive.

Uh, sorry.

Just to catch people up.

I was mentioning this to Eric before we started, but my nephew Todd, who has been on the show before, um, went missing a week ago and we were at a carn ival and that Todd.

Yeah.

Oh, sorry.

You were thinking of Todd point.

Oh, I was.

Oh, that's why you said that.

Yeah.

Okay.

I thought you were making a joke about my nephew Todd saying Todd point.

Oh, he's oddly sensitive about that.

But you were actually talking about Todd point.

I was.

Well, he, no, Todd point.

It was great.

Yeah.

It's a great, okay.

I'm sorry that to shut you down on it.

Oh yeah.

That was really weird.

I thought you were being insensitive to mine.

Hey Brett, someone's at the door.

Can we, can we like get this door locked or I'm coming in.

So whatever I'm in here, Todd, Todd, you knew it was me.

I knew it was you.

What do you mean?

I mean, I look really different.

What I know your voice.

I hadn't turned my head yet to look at you.

Hey, look at me.

Oh my God.

Todd, you look hot as shit.

I'm 30 years old.

You hear my butt cheeks on bubble right now.

Wait a minute.

I I'm trying to process this.

You're saying that what is happening right now?

A lot of info coming at you brother.

Todd shows up banging on the door.

All I, all I know is I was looking this way.

I heard a knock on the door.

I did not turn my head to see who was going to walk in.

I hear my nephew Todd's voice.

I turn and there's a 30 year old man here.

Did you miss me or what?

Todd, what is that really you?

Have you ever been looking for me?

Todd, you're you're how is this possible?

You're 15 years old.

I was.

Yeah.

Till we went to that carnival.

You rat uncle.

Wait, hold.

Okay.

To catch people up.

I took Todd, my, my sister's son, my nephew, who's been staying with me.

We talked a lot about it.

It's over and it's the worst.

Yeah.

And you've been a terrible house guest.

You're the worst host.

Okay.

But she's always punishing me.

Easy guys.

Look, just because I ground you a lot and always ground.

I can't do anything.

We finally went to a carnival and I got to make a big wish in a machine.

And guess what?

I wanted to be Scott.

You wanted to be me?

All I got was your age.

Wait, but you're 30.

How old are you?

Scott is.

Yeah, I'm about 30.

You're old.

You're like 30.

I was like, I want to be like 30 years old, a million.

I'm 30.

So you've grown up into a 30 year old man?

I can estimate.

I don't really know my age, but I look 30.

Yes, Scott, back off your nephew.

God.

Jesus Christ.

Have doctors cut open your leg to see what age you are?

No, I don't have insurance because Obamacare.

Cut off your leg to show you how old you are.

Isn't that how it works?

That's crazy.

What are they?

Concentric circles like a tree trunk in the way?

And this one's about seven years or so?

Oh, anyway.

Todd, I can't believe this.

This is incredible.

It's so weird.

Have you ever seen anything like this?

I've never seen anything like this.

I mean, you haven't seen Todd beforehand, so you don't know exactly the difference.

No, but one time I made a wish when I was 15 to become Scott Aukerman.

It's a weird coincidence.

You did?

Yeah, and actually, that's the only other time I've seen this.

But other than that, I've never seen anything like this.

Also, we were electrocuted at the same time from totally different things, and we switched minds.

Yeah, yeah.

Forever?

Yeah, I've been trapped inside.

Forever, yeah.

That's why you're the worst.

Yeah, yeah.

No, that is, I am actually Eric Andre.

Yeah.

Well, hey, I don't know how you feel about that, but I'm Scott, so I don't care.

Fuck you.

I don't believe in you.

This is really weird, I have to say.

So you're definitely not Todd.0?

No, I don't really know.

No, he's great.

He's great.

You know, as soon as I'm wearing all your clothes, I'm wearing your sweatpants and your sweatshirt.

Wait, where have you been for the past week?

How long did this wish take you?

The wish took me overnight.

Okay.

And the next day, I scrambled out of the house before you woke up so you wouldn't get scared that I was an intruder.

Okay, that's smart thinking, because I've been known to carry a pistol on my bedside table.

You've been known, you've shown me it many times when I'm going to sleep.

I've brandished it.

What's that about?

What is that about?

Very mean.

You're brandishing that pistol.

He likes to...

You know what?

Yeah, I want to get to the bottom of this.

Why do you fillet the pistol?

First of all, I...

He wants me to suck it at night.

You want your nephew to suck off your pistol at night?

Look, that's five levels of inappropriate.

He doesn't like to go to bed.

I hate sleeping because I have to dream about my life.

Yeah.

So I make him suck off my pistol.

Yeah.

And that puts him into a fear state, which he just shuts down automatically.

My eyes cross and I'm gone.

Okay, that I kind of am on board with.

So then I put my pistol away.

He dreams about his shitty life.

So no, it was right for you to leave the house.

Yeah, I pretty much escaped immediately.

I rode a bike.

I think it was yours.

I got out of there.

I've been worrying where my bike...

That's the other thing.

I was really upset my bike was missing.

Well I stole it to survive.

So I ended up getting a job at this cool place.

You stole a bike to survive?

I had to get away.

We live in the burbs.

That's insane.

Your nephew is crazy.

Look, Todd has some issues.

Wait, Todd Coino or Todd your nephew?

No, no, no.

Todd Coino is great.

Todd Coino, the host of videos?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The host of videos.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

I love all the videos.

I love the videos.

The videos are great.

Can we make a pact that any time we say Todd from now on, we're talking about Todd Coino.

Do I need a new name?

No, no, no.

You're fine.

You're Todd.

If we ever talk about you, we'll say Todd the person right in front of me.

But if we ever just say Todd, we're talking about Todd Coin o.

So Todd the person right in front of me, you got a job where?

Well, I ended up getting a really cool job actually.

I was trying to be like you, so I started my own podcast.

What?

Yeah.

It was really successful and it took off really huge in one week.

It's called Todd's Life 2.0.

That's going to be a little confusing because there's already Todd Coino out there.

I know.

The one that I was making sure was the video Todd, not my podcast, Todd's Life 2.0.

Okay, great.

Makes sense to me.

What's your podcast about?

Oh, it's mainly about everything I hate about you and how I 'm so happy to be a grown up with a long penis.

Wow.

Wait, okay, hold on.

Hold it.

Wait a minute.

How long are we talking?

Do you have a long penis?

Well, it's long.

I mean, I grew up.

Yeah, it gets long.

You were 15 though when you made this wish.

Did you not have a...

Oh my.

Penis was a 15-year-old penis.

Were you sort of pre-pub?

Medium.

And now I'm a grown up and it's long and my pubic hair is very big.

Here's the thing.

It's 13 inches long, but it's the size of a spaghetti string.

It's very thin.

Well, it's very thin, but it's the length of a subway foot long sandwich.

So about 12 inches?

It's a foot long.

How long are your pubes?

They're big.

They're not long.

They're thicker than her penis, his penis.

If you don't cut them from 15 to 30, which you didn't do because this happened overnight.

I never need to cut them.

Yeah.

Do they grow super long?

They got big.

Don't you understand?

Use the right word, Uncle Scott.

They got big.

My penis got long and my pubes got big.

I'm sick of this and you can never ground me again because I'm a grown up and I'm never getting little.

Look, I ground you because I love you and I make you eat that ground beef.

That's part of when...

I have to have ground beef.

Stop calling me a girl.

You know what?

I'm going to take your pistol and shoot you in the head next time you call me uncle.

If you do that, you are going to be tried as an adult, young man.

We'll see if I care.

I need a place to live.

You don't have a place to live?

JL would be great.

Where have you been living this past week?

I've been sleeping in a dumpster.

God, you're so invasive.

Just asking you how you are?

It's better than the cube you keep me in.

It's a room.

A room is a cube.

What's wrong with a room?

Why do you keep them in that cube?

That windowed cube with the door.

It's ridiculous.

I hate it in there.

Is that a 32 by 32 cube?

Yeah, it's a prison.

It's like an animal cage.

It's 32 foot longs.

Please, it's 32 feet.

Imagine lining up 32 foot longs.

We can just say feet.

We don't need to reduce this down to subway foot longs.

I don't know.

Did you notice that I'm 6 foot longs tall now?

Yeah, you've grown up.

I noticed that.

I was getting hungry.

I was licking my lips looking at your height.

That's anytime I look at someone, I automatically calculate how many subway foot longs they are tall and I just get so hungry.

I'm 6 foot long.

Sorry, 6 feet.

I'm 6 feet tall.

I tell my doctor when I'm at my physical.

Like 6 and a half foot longs.

With Italian bread or the cheesy bread?

With the whole wheat.

Whole wheat, whole wheat, whole wheat.

Come on.

Come on, come on.

We're TV stars.

We've got to keep it light.

This doesn't happen overnight.

Look at these legs.

Whoa.

My sister was going to be so worried about you if I ever told you.

She never cares about me anyway, my mom.

Well, I know.

She left you with me.

She wants you to raise me and be my dad, which you won't even do.

Well, I'm not going to marry my sister.

Marry her.

You had sex with your sister, dude?

That's disgusting.

Sure, but I'm not going to marry her.

Marry her.

You can't have the milk without the cow.

Exactly.

If you're going to have sex with your sister, you've got to be your husband.

You don't marry a cow that you milk.

Yes, you do.

You sure do.

God, you're dumb.

I'm dumb.

I learned a lot this week and I learned everything about being a grownup that exists.

Maybe you learned some responsibility, young lady.

Okay, I'm going to fucking murder you.

Watch out.

I'm going to die tonight.

Your nephew's very antagonizing.

And I got muscles in a week.

Those are big, I have to say.

So I'm a grownup.

So live it up.

Here's what I don't understand.

You didn't have any muscles when you were 15.

Because I never lifted anything.

You're a skinny bean pole.

Yeah, you never picked up your clothes.

You had a medium penis.

But I had to fold your clothes every night and day.

And I can under...

Yeah, no.

All your underwear.

I did make you fold my underwear every night.

Only.

Here's what I don't get.

Yes, I get the penis growing because the penis is natural.

It's long.

But even when you wish to be big...

I wish to be Scott Aukerman.

Is that why you get so many muscles?

Because I don't think...

No, I just got your age.

I didn't get anything else that you had.

I just got your AIDS.

That's what I thought you were going to say.

I got your AIDS and I'm dying.

I've seen Philadelphia.

I get it.

This is what I don't understand.

Why do you get the muscles of a person who's worked out consistently?

Because I did a lot of stuff in the time that I skipped ahead.

This is like the Matrix.

Is that part of your wish?

That I wish I was 30 years old and I was working out for the 15 years that I...

The machine that I talked to...

What is this machine, by the way?

Tell us about this machine.

Your phone.

Your cell phone.

My cell phone, which I wished into as I was at the carnival with you.

I couldn't even look at you.

I turned around and looked at my phone and said, please make me as big as Scott and as old as Scott.

So you didn't have to be at a carnival.

This could have happened anywhere.

I don't know.

It was the magic of the lights.

Okay.

That makes sense.

Okay.

And anyways, I forgot what he even said.

Well, I forgot what I said.

How did I get my muscles?

Yeah.

How did I get everything?

I mean, here's the thing.

When I talked to my phone, it said, now you're going to have everything you ever had between the time you were now and the time you would be then.

It will happen immediately.

Your phone said that.

It said all of that exactly word for word.

What app is this?

Zoopa?

What app?

It's just the phone.

It's a new update.

iOS 7.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

iOS 7.

That's what it is.

I haven't updated yet.

Oh, see, because you're a loser.

Man, I got to update so I can wish you back down to 15.

You will never do that.

I'll wish you back down to iOS 6.

Am I right?

No, it's the worst.

The slowest model.

High five.

We just high fived.

Oh my God.

Todd.

Well, anyway.

Todd.0 or?

No, Todd that's right in front of me.

I'm so sorry.

If you talk about my podcast, it's Todd's Life 2.0 podcast.

Well, Todd.0 of course is great.

Yep.

Yeah.

I met a woman, I will say, and I did have my first sex time .

What?

I met a woman and- My sister is going to be so pissed at me.

I touched her boobie.

Was it your mom?

Yeah.

Everybody just fucking- But she didn't know who I was because I'm grown up.

So I got to finally touch her boob.

Wait, so you grew up, you made a pilgrimage to your mom's house.

To your wife's house.

No, she's not my wife, she's my sister.

Could have been.

Sister wife.

And you knock on the door presumably or you ring the bell.

I know what happens.

Well, I know it's like this.

Yeah.

Oh, same knock that you did.

Same knock I used here.

She was not looking, presumably, at the door.

Definitely not.

Did you speak when she heard your- When I said I pushed a note under the door first because I wanted her to look first because if she heard my voice she would have known it was me.

Okay, so it said look at me instead of listening to me.

Uh huh.

I said nothing, I was like Little Mermaid to see if I could get my first action with someone- Wait, did the Little Mermaid choose me?

Yeah, what she took her voice.

What are you talking about?

She's all singing throughout the whole movie.

You've never seen that Disney movie.

I will show you the world.

You've seen it.

She sings for part of it and then she's mute for part of it .

I love Disney.

What are you talking about?

She's that mute first single second in that movie.

She can't talk when she gets on land because she loses her voice because her voice is so pretty that she- Don't you remember Kiss the Girl?

That's why they're all singing to him and she's just like sitting there- She's nodding like a dumb idiot.

Yeah.

Anyway, I did the same thing.

It worked.

I got to make out with my mom and kiss her and touch her ho - How does this happen?

She opens the door because she reads this note saying look at me, don't listen to me.

Yes.

And then what do you do?

I leaned in and I showed her my six pack.

Wow.

Can I see it?

Yeah.

Whoa.

It's actually very thick.

God, I wish I could have made a wish like that.

Thick as your pubic hair.

Yeah, but it was a lot thicker than my penis.

Your six pack is as curly as your pubic hair too.

Yes.

It's because of- It's an oily and brittle- I must have been doing a workout routine that will exist in the future.

Okay.

So you show her the curly, oily six pack.

She loved it.

She kissed it.

She kissed that first?

She kissed it.

Wow.

What a woman.

So you knew you were onto something at this point.

I knew I was onto something.

Okay.

So she's kissing your curly, oily six pack.

She made me a hot dog for lunch.

Oh yeah, that's right.

You love hot dogs.

I ate it.

You love sucking on hot dogs?

You suck on them all night.

You suck on guns.

I suck guns.

You suck hot dogs.

I don't even want to suck guns.

It's all you.

You force it upon me.

You're perverted.

Wait, you're the one who went to your mom's house.

You did to your sister.

Wait a minute.

You go to your mom's house.

She starts licking your six pack.

Kissing it.

Get it right.

Kissing it.

Get it right.

And then you start making out with her and you touch her boobs?

We kissed, no tongue.

And then I touched her boob.

I got, and then I left my bike.

You never said a word because she would have known it was you.

No, but when I got it said, I was like, oh, I did it.

Wow.

What a day at the carnival.

Is this still a carnival day or?

When's the carnival coming back?

It's a very complex day.

I have another wish I want to make.

Oh yeah.

What's your wish?

My wish is to murder you.

Wow.

Very hostile.

I don't think you need a wish for that.

Oh yeah.

You could just do that.

I could?

Yeah.

All right, I will.

You know where I keep my gun?

In your mouth?

Hot dogs.

In your mouth, young man slash lady.

Never.

You keep it in your butt and then you.

Wow.

The truth comes out.

And you always will hope that maybe it goes off in the night.

Why do you have to tell everyone listening to this show that I keep my gun in my butt and hope that it goes off in the night?

I always just assumed you just, you know, clarifying.

It never does.

Never does.

I read your journal and I knew that.

I cock it too.

Yeah.

You know?

He likes to cock it in his bum.

Like I'm just hoping for an earthquake.

With your, you cock it with your internal organs.

Yeah, no, of course.

Anyway, do you like how handsome I am now?

Yeah, I do.

Thanks.

Yeah, you're handsome as fuck.

What do you think?

Yeah, you mentioned it when you walked in.

I mean, you're a supermodel.

This is what I want to look like anyway, so it's pretty cool to know in advance.

You're like a Brad Pitt.

Do you get 15 years on the other side?

Like just, you miss these 15 years.

Do you, do you live 15 years longer?

Yeah.

Do you get 15 extra years in heaven?

In your eternity in heaven?

Or hell if I kill you.

Do you think you would go to hell if you killed me?

Maybe it's 15 years in hell, then you get the rest in heaven.

Yeah, I think, um, that seems like a fair sense.

Here's the thing.

Murderers go to hell.

Yeah.

People who never murder go to heaven.

Well, there's also murderer heaven.

We covered that on this show before.

Richard Harrow came.

There's seven different murderer heavens.

You never taught me about that.

How would I know?

I only know everything you teach me because you homeschool me.

Yeah, why do you homeschool?

Look, she is.

Oh my God, you literally want to die.

I went to ITT Tech High School.

So I'm a computer engineer.

Todd right in front of me is a handful.

And a boy.

You forgot to say and a boy.

Todd right in front of me is a boy and is a handful and I have trouble with him.

You always want to punish me, but now you can't because I'm a man.

Your mom passed me off on you.

Your mom passed away.

Your mom, my mom passed.

My mom did not die.

You said my mom passed you off on me.

That is what the punishment was.

Wait, wait, what?

You said your mom passed me off on you.

No one can really.

I say that?

Oh, how paging Mr. Freud.

It's time to become a doctor.

Yeah.

God, what is wrong with me?

But anyways, so that's basically what happened.

I had to finally take care of you, Scott.

Will you come back home?

I don't know if I want to.

I need a roommate.

I need.

I'm not going to pay rent.

Why not?

You have a job?

Or you just want a roommate because you're scared.

That's what an adult does.

You pay rent.

She's not going to go to your cube.

She's not.

God, everyone here is terrible.

He's not.

He's not going to go.

No, let's talk about somebody else.

Oh.

She's not.

I'm not going to show.

His friend Jessica, I really wanted to come to my cube.

So every time you've said she was about somebody else.

Yes.

Todd, I know you're a boy.

You better because if you want to see my dong, I'll show you.

All right.

Let's see it.

Here it is.

Oh, nice.

Zipping down.

Zip, zip.

Look at that.

It goes down my paling on the side.

Hey, Eric, do you want to do sort of a lady and the tramp thing with the spaghetti?

Sure, yeah.

Who's on the other side?

No, you're.

I'm.

It's.

Well, there's a spaghetti going into your dick hole.

That's also shaped like spaghetti.

It's very meta.

It's very hard.

Whoa, it hurts.

Oh.

This is new.

Oh, I haven't done that in weeks.

I feel different.

I think I combed.

You combed.

OK, look, we have to take a break.

This is this is an interesting story, right?

It's unfolded.

I can barely wrap my brain around it.

One of the more interesting stories we've told on this show .

I'm sure there's more to it when we come back.

We'll be right back with a little more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Eric Andre, my nephew, Todd.

Do I call you something different now that you're a man or is nephew the right term?

Toddson.

OK, so we can call you.

Toddson.

It's like a Japanese thing.

We can call you Toddson.

OK, so my nephew Toddson.

That'll take care of the Todd point.

Oh, I'm not your nephew anymore because I'm grown up.

Wait, you're still my nephew, young man.

Nope, because I'm the same age as you now.

30.

I can have a nephew who's older than me.

Can't I?

OK, I don't know about that.

What are your hopes?

What are your dreams, Toddson?

They pretty much changed a lot because this whole week really changed my whole life and I pretty much did everything I ever wanted to do in my life this past week.

Test your mom's boob.

That's one.

Became a man.

That's two.

Got a job.

What are you doing?

Three.

I have a podcast that's more successful than yours.

Right.

And that's really great.

Wait, that's your job?

Yeah.

I'm going to be a manager.

What were they even doing on Earth?

That's why they got hanged.

That's so funny, but they're from France.

It reveals that they actually are from France.

They just came out of their mom's vagina with a push that came out like a cone.

Yeah, they were shaped like bullets in order to just shoot out of their mother's vaginas.

Oh.

And they killed the doctor and the nurses when they were...

Was that their thing?

They were from France?

Yeah.

Was it really?

I'll never get to know because...

No, no, you won't.

But come back home.

Uncle Scott, quote unquote.

Come back home.

Dad, quote unquote, my mom's husband.

I'm not going to be your mom's husband.

My girlfriend's boyfriend.

Cousin's, sisters, roommates.

Look, I admit our family is unconventional, but hey, we love each other.

Do we?

You never say I love you once.

He just said it.

He said we love each other.

He's probably talking about his wife.

Your sister.

My mom.

His sister.

Do you want me to say I love you?

Is that what this is all about?

It's all I've ever wanted.

As I stick the pistol into your mouth?

No, as you stick it in your own mouth.

In my butt?

In your butt.

Just say you love me, I'll probably turn 15 again all of a sudden.

Do you think...

Oh my God, do you think that might happen?

That's what it...

I really want him to be 15 because he's...

You gotta believe.

As a 30 year old, he's very muscular and I...

What are you guys whispering about?

Hey, Eric, I think that this guy could actually beat both of us up.

I think he could beat the fucking shit out of us.

He's really ripped.

Part of the language.

Oh, that's okay.

I don't mind.

Now, if Todd Point O were to say something like that, I would take offense.

Oh, I would change the channel.

Yeah.

But from you, I expected.

You're a little unconventional.

Thank you.

I've seen the Eric Andre show.

Much like your family.

That's true.

Your sister, wife.

I kind of want to lie to him and say I love him just to see if he turns back into 15.

I think that's a good idea.

I think that would be a good idea.

Okay.

Todd, I have an announcement.

What?

Where'd you go?

When you whispered, you disappeared.

Yeah.

I never realized that before.

We got to come back to this whispering.

Oh my God.

If we whisper, we're invisible.

Let's, okay, I have a new plan.

I'm going to rape and murder your nephew.

Yeah, I have a new plan.

Let's just keep whispering and then we'll get the drop on him.

Oh yeah.

Because we're invisible.

Okay, here we go.

And one, two, three, now.

Ouch.

Ah.

Oh.

I don't know what the drop on him meant.

No, no, no.

We're visible again.

We're visible.
