You've seen him on Mr. Show, you've seen him on Breaking Bad.

Well, now he has a new TV show coming out this Friday on I FC called The Birthday Boys.

Bob Odenkirk is here with me the entire show, as well as those titular birthday boys. All of that and more all on today's...

♫♫♫ Tacos, burritos, and tamales, you will receive none of these.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Hi, uh, welcome to the show, October, Hollywood October Days.

Uh, tacos, burritos, tamales, you will receive none of these. Thanks so much for that, uh, catchphrase submission, Foos.

We'll see if that one sticks. If I return to it next week, then it's the one.

We so far have not found the one. We haven't found the replacement.

What are you looking for?

Uh, I'm, well, I abandoned my catchphrase a couple years ago now.

Right.

And, uh, it was a very popular one.

I like it, I like it.

Oh, that's a great one. Can I steal that or is that yours?

I thought that was yours.

No, well, yours is, of course. God damn it.

Yeah.

Of course. But, uh, no, mine was What's Up Hot Dog.

Put it in already.

Put what in where?

It doesn't matter. You can use it for anything.

The audience just kind of substitutes whatever. No, uh, mine was What's Up Hot Dog.

Hot cha cha.

What?

Oh, it was what?

What's Up Hot Dog was my catchphrase for a long time.

Oh, I remember. Yes, my God.

You remember this, of course.

Throw it into the ground.

Yeah. Well, that was what I'm saying. I've been looking for a new one forever.

And, uh, so people send me them and, uh, so far none of them have been that good.

Honestly, I say them every week and they're all terrible.

Enough McPhee, enough.

Is that Catherine McPhee?

You're just going to have to hire a guy named McPhee to be- Okay. If your name is McPhee out there, please, we're taking submissions.

The best McPhee will be my cohost for the rest of the, if, come back next week, there'll be McPhee here.

Ya Ya Woo.

It's good. Anything with like an actual word in there?

Uh, like I like the Ya Ya Woo.

Maybe add one actual real word.

Put it in there and press play.

Or, uh, put it in the box and put it in the doorstep.

Put it in the box and put it in the doorstep.

In the doorstep.

In the doorstep. Okay. Great. I'm sold.

Put it in the box and put it in- No, put it in the box and- Once it's in the box, you put it in the doorstep or- Flush that, flush that thing already.

How about that?

Flush that thing already.

Yeah.

Perfect. All right. That is our new catchphrase.

We will be saying that every episode from now on.

Flush that thing already. Thanks to Bob Odenkirk, by the way.

Bob Odenkirk, our special guest here.

Hello.

Hello. And my name is Scott Aukerman, your host and host with the most.

Uh, here for another week of Comedy Bing Bong.

Just not, you're not referring to your, uh, crotch area.

No, no, no. My hosting abilities.

Oh, just being very clear about that.

My penis is incredibly small.

You can get sued.

Yeah. No, if you ever say your penis is big- And it is not?

Oh man. That's a lawsuit waiting to happen.

Oh my God.

Um, welcome to the show. Now, Comedy Bing Bong, what is that? It is a podcast.

Maybe you've come to us from the TV show. You've seen the TV show and you're like, ha ha, what is this strange sensation? I'm saying these two syllables, ha ha, out loud.

Over and over and over.

What's going on here?

This is confusing. I don't know where I am anymore.

Stop it.

Suddenly the world's in color. I liked it in black and white.

Sure. I live in Pleasantville.

But, um, and you like this feeling. So you said, you know what? I want more of this stupid thing.

Yeah.

And you've searched out the podcast and you found it. Well, what is- Maybe, maybe they're on because they were like, oh, this new device of mine gets podcasts. I want, I'll check. I want to check the app on my device.

Which podcast should I use just to check it?

I want to use this device to the fullest.

Right. And then they just, they're literally running this as a test of their device.

Look, if you're listening to this show as a test- Like in a stereo store.

I'm so sorry. If you're listening in a stereo store currently, I salute you.

I wonder if there's one person listening in an actual stereo store.

And, uh, check the faders.

Are there stereo stores anymore?

No, I don't think so, but- Where do people get stereos then?

I think they're probably, are there? There's seven guys- Engineer Brett would know. Engineer Brett, you got any stereo stores anywhere?

Um, I haven't seen any in years.

Yeah, that was a good use of mic.

Yeah.

Okay. So maybe you're over here from the show, what have you, but hey, it's a very exciting episode. First of all, I have my old Mr. Show buddy, Bob here. We have Bob and David on the show. That's incredible. We'll talk to- Oh yeah. Dave Ferguson of the Birthday Boys.

We'll talk to them in a second.

Oh man. People just turned off by the millions.

Get me out of this stereo store.

But I have big news, Bob.

Okay. What is it?

I have big news. Maybe you don't even know this. And I'm- All right.

So I'm going to look right directly in your eyes as I say this, if that's okay.

Can you play some music?

Sure. Can we put on a little sexy music behind this? Here we go. Now, over the weekend, we were at New York Comic-Con and we let it blast with a big announcement, just a huge announcement. Comedy Bing Bong, the TV show, which is by the way, coming back this Friday for the second half of our season with a big episode with Rainn Wilson and Andy Daley.

Wow.

Picked up for a third season and we're coming back. We will be back next year in 2014.

The answer is yes. Yes, of course. Yes. I'll marry you.

Oh gosh. This went the other way.

And yes, I have a boner. Of course I do. Why do you even have to ask?

I wish more women would admit they had boners when they're getting proposed to.

No, but Bob, it's big news.

A girl boner.

20 episodes. 20 episodes. We're doing 20 more.

Congratulations, Scott.

Thank you so much. And Reggie.

Couldn't have done, well, all right. But couldn't have done it without you being on the show for two minutes this season.

Oh yeah, yeah. I think that really pushed it over the edge.

Pushed it over the top.

I had fun doing it. That was a really fun bit.

That was great. You, Bob and David, you both were on the show.

David, you've been on the show.

That's great.

I have been on the show, but in a different capacity. I was a dry cleaner in one episode.

Yeah, which is not seen yet.

That's true.

Yeah. So you're thrilled about that, right? I mean, obviously it's a lot of work for you and you pretty much just finished your last season.

Or your most recent season, the one that's playing right now has just been edited.

The finished...

We just finished it. You've heard of the thriller in Manila .

This is like that, but without Manila. It's just a thriller .

Is that a Michael Jackson album?

It also is a Michael Jackson. It's a lot like that, but without Michael Jackson.

It's a thriller for you.

Yes.

I'm saying personally for Scott Aukerman.

Yes, sir.

How does it feel? Triumphant?

A third season is a big deal on TV.

Thanks. Yeah.

That's really like making a mark.

Yeah. It's a lot.

There's a lot of things that come and go in one season or sometimes a season and a half.

And then they give up on it.

Get a Life is a great little show, but it only made it to basically a season and a half.

Yeah. Yeah.

Cheers. Cheers is another one that got cut short.

Didn't happen. Never worked out.

It's like after 11 years, they're like, let's cut days.

It's not going to... It's just not ever going to find its voice.

What about Seinfeld?

Seinfeld came close, right? Came very, very close.

That Kramer spinoff, though, that went for years.

Yeah, that was good. That was really good.

Thanks, David of Bob and David fame.

Yeah.

Standing by.

But so we're very excited. Thanks so much for all of your support and tweets to IFC and you watching the show and everything. And we're coming back this Friday with a big episode, so please continue to watch the show. And now we're back in the writing room and we're getting set to film more. We'll be out in 2014, but let's move on to what's happening in 2013. I mean, this is the year in which we currently are residing. Why not talk about that ?

This is a pretty good year we're living in.

Yeah.

I've looked at the other years. I'm okay. We'll stay in this one for now.

Have you been to the future?

I have. I have. Everything's faster.

And the people are nicer, right? They're prettier and they 're more handsome.

Do cars go like one mile an hour faster every year?

Well, I don't know if you saw, did you see the movie with Tom Cruise that where the cars were on tracks?

No. What was it? Minority report?

The Last American Virgin.

Remember those cars?

No, he's not in that. Yeah. Minority report. Yeah.

That's exactly how it is.

You had me at minorities.

That's exactly how it is. The cars are like in little rac etracks and they go scooting around.

Really?

Yeah.

So has he been to the future?

No, just the movie got it right.

Wow. The only movie to get it right.

Oh, also the FBI can hear your thoughts and is monitoring everything you think.

And sometimes they're placing thoughts in your head.

Inception style.

Right. But usually they're good thoughts. The FBI has a lot of real nice people working there.

So they're just going around giving you happy...

Yeah. They're like planning thoughts like you're a good person, you can do anything you set out.

That's really nice.

A lot of people don't realize that the FBI...

Oh, a lot of people are angry about their thoughts being manipulated.

No, no, no. Look at it in another way. It's great. And they 're mostly very kind, wonderful people. J. Edgar Hoover was one of the sweetest guys, if you've ever read or know anything about him.

That movie, J. Edgar Hoover, didn't go into that.

Well, it had Leonardo DiCaprio, who's just one of the most handsome creatures on earth.

That's true.

And so was J. Edgar Hoover. Just really beautiful person inside and outside.

And it's wonderful that in America we can celebrate people like that.

It is. I think everyone should have a movie made about them .

You know?

And a building named after them.

We've just started with the famous people. And finally we 're going to get down to like, Jim Robards. And everyone will go see that movie. You know what I mean?

The Jim Robards story.

Yeah. We got Captain... What's Tom Hanks' movie that's out?

I think it's out now?

Phillips.

Captain Phelps.

Yeah.

So like, that guy's not famous, really.

But he gets...

De Schmo. Joe Schmo.

He's just De Schmo. How about...

What if your name really was Joe Schmo? Could you sue everyone who does that?

What if your name really was Joe the Plumber?

Like your middle name was The.

Yeah.

That would be amazing.

So I think, you know, what would the Bob Odenkirk movie be like?

It would be...

God damn it. The Bob Odenkirk story.

Kitchen sink mess of emotion and frustration and anxiety and tiny victories, minor victories.

And people would walk out going, I don't know. I think it was good. I don't know.

It's okay.

It must not have been great to be him.

Yeah. I'm glad. Anyways, I'm glad I wasn't him. Anyway, it makes me feel better about myself.

He had wealth, certainly.

Yeah.

But the rest of it?

Yeah.

It's a big mess. Anyway, going back to my simpler, more understandable life.

So Bob, but speaking of your simpler, more understandable life, you are involved in something currently, which debuts this Friday.

I'm super excited. October 18th.

This Friday.

It's a great day. It is a great day.

It really is. It's a great day for a lot of reasons too.

It is. I mean, yeah. I mean, Scott, lead me into it.

Well, I mean, uh, sure.

The host, if you will.

I don't know why he said it sarcastically. I literally am.

Oh, right. Yes. What did he actually did that?

Feel like you've been cheated.

You're the, you're the interviewer. Ask away.

He like was so rude to Tom Schneider. You can watch it on YouTube. I'm sure.

Did you guys ever see that? Oh, it's great.

Johnny Lydon getting interviewed on the, on the tomorrow show. And, uh, and it was like, uh, Snyder asked him something. He was like, no.

And Schneider was like, well, could you elaborate? And he, and he turns to Schneider and he's like, you're the questioner. Ask away. Come along. Do your job.

So rude.

Is it Schneider or is it Snyder? I think it's top Snyder.

Tom Snyder was the guy from a one day at a time.

And then John Lydon had his own talk show where he was the host.

I wish people would just act like that to him.

Yes. It would have been great.

Yeah. She was on the other foot. Johnny Rotten.

Well, speaking of something that isn't rotten.

And shoes that are on other foots.

Yeah. Uh, the birthday boys, the birthday boys.

Yes. The birthday. I was wondering why Dave Ferguson was here.

Comedy sketch show, October 18th. It begins.

And, uh, IFC Fridays, 1030 PM following all new comedy bang , bang, boings.

Yeah.

And this is a sketch show that you're involved in. This is the first sketch show that you, Bob Odenkirk master of sketch.

Got on the air.

First I've done.

Sure. But the first one that people will see.

Yeah. I did a bunch of them actually.

And that does more than two episodes.

Yes. This is the first one that got to air.

It's because Bob actually pitched in the room as the reunion of Bob and David.

Yeah. I said, Bob and David will be together on screen.

And they never asked.

Okay, great. But David who?

I mean, would you?

No, I would just.

In fairness.

Is it, uh, Bob is almost called you David is, or I actually did. Hey, I went for it.

Is it important to you that people know that it's the first one that got on the air?

So they know you've done a whole bunch in between Mr. Show and this one.

I don't know when you put that much work into shows. I mean , every single show I did, I worked really hard on. It does feel a little weird to.

That's your catchphrase.

Just someone else saying hard on.

It's a hard catchphrase to use because you have to wait until someone.

Yeah, I think it happens a lot.

When you work this hard on something.

Hard on.

Oh man.

Whatever. You want people to, you do feel like, wait, what about all those things I did that didn't get on?

Next was one that we worked on together. That was fun.

It was.

People can see it on YouTube.

Yeah, there's some great, some of it.

But this is, this is great. This is the first time people can see you in a weekly sketch show.

Since Mr. Show and it's 10 episodes, which is, you know, like five hours of TV.

Lots of ideas. And, uh, the, the group is called the birthday boys. They're an LA based sketch group. And say that again.

Hollywood.

I like it.

You're hired.

I don't know what for, but.

So, uh, so yeah, they're an LA based sketch group and we work together on, in some charity events that my wife, uh, throws every new year's holiday.

You guys sound like really good people.

Well, I do a lot of charity work. Uh, I sweep the street once a year.

This street in front of your driver.

Yeah. And I, um, I, uh, tear up whenever I see a starving child.

And I feel like that helps them a little. Sure. Like wherever they are starving, they're like, somebody's feeling a little bit of emotion.

Everyone just wants to think that other people are thinking of them.

I'm just incredibly good. Um, but anyhow, uh, that's where I met them. And, uh, and, and we started to work together and it was a kind of a long process. That's super boring, but everyone will ask me about it in a few years at the museum of television.

And please attend that event. And I will explain.

Until then, mums the word.

We did some live shows together and talked about what the show would look like. And then, uh, uh, IFC was, uh, crazy enough and good enough to let us make a pilot and then work on us with that and make a series. So we've got 10 of them coming in. And you know, I got to say one thing.

IFC asked us to promote other shows that also are coming on .

All right. Yeah, we should do that.

Well, it was kind of an agreement. They said, if you're going to talk about the Birthday Boys on October 18th, you kind of legally have to also talk about our other great shows that were really.

Oh, I have no idea what's coming on.

Well, uh, I, I said I'd do these. I'll, I'll just promote two other IFC shows and we'll show a little clip from each of them. Oh, great.

Um, I know it's a podcast, but we'll show it and you'll get to hear it.

No problem.

Uh, the sitcom Dads. Oh yeah. The Fox show. Oh, great show.

It's been such a massive hit.

It's still on the air, right?

Oh, it's been a huge hit, Scott. It's taken over TV. And I FC noticed that. I mean, they, they are not stupid. They do read the trades over there.

Right.

And so they immediately very quickly developed their own show that is kind of based on that sense of humor and it's called Horrible Shitty Idiots.

Oh, I've heard of this.

Yes. And it's about eight sons and 12 dads who live together in a shoebox or just a small trailer.

What is the math on that? There's eight.

Whatever. It's, there's eight sons and 12 dads.

So how many of the dads don't have kids?

There's a couple of step dads. There's a couple of step dads.

Oh, I see. Okay. I get it.

Right. So, um, and they all live together in a very tiny place. They've, they've not established how big the place is. There is one bathroom. That is a big joke. And in fact, in this clip, you will hear it, because you can't see it. The clip I'm going to show is the seven sons and the 12 dads. It's the morning. The show starts in the morning every time.

Every time. Oh, that's a good hook.

And they're all waiting to use the bathroom.

Okay.

Because there's one guy in there.

That's great.

Twenty people in one tiny space, one bathroom.

So anyhow, here is now a clip from the new IFC show that premieres alongside the Birthday Boys on October 18th. Comes on right after us. And it's based on the wonderfulness of dads.

And it's called Horrible Shitty Idiots.

Come on. Get out of there. Hurry up in there.

Hurry up. Gotta get in there. How many times has he flushed ?

That was number two.

Yeah, I got it.

There you go. Did you see Giovanni Ribisi in there? He gu ested on it.

He'll yeah.

He plays two of the sons, the twins.

Yeah, that was so weird.

So good to see him.

It wasn't CGI. He just ran back and forth.

Yeah. They just didn't have the money for CGI.

Yeah, I get it. Yeah.

Nobody cares really.

No, they just want to see Ribisi do his thing.

The Ribisi.

Hey. Then one other show I promised I'd mention. I see we can get it out of the way. We can talk to the Birthday Boys. We can talk about the Birthday Boys.

You know, the show Marron has been such a big hit.

Oh, Marron.

Marron.

Starting Mark Marron himself.

Sorry, Mark Marron.

Hey, lock the gates.

And a lot of people don't get that you're supposed to pronounce the title as in the Italian expletive Marron.

Yeah, people don't get it. I have listeners at this show.

His name is Mark Marron and that's whose character is. But you're not... They never intended...

They never even... Honestly, when I told Mark, why did you name your show after yourself?

He was like, what?

What? Right.

Oh, you mean my name Marron? No, no, no, no, no, no.

He was like, no, my show's called Marron. Motherfucker.

Mother...

What does it mean? It means...

Mother goose.

Whatever. Because that's his attitude, you know?

Yeah.

And he's, I guess, at least part Italian. And he lives in an Italian neighborhood, if you've seen the show.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. The red, white, and green flags everywhere. I wondered what that was all about. And people throwing farfalla pasta at each other constantly.

Right. There's a great set of comic. You know him. I know him. He does UCB all the time.

Bafanggu, that Asian comic.

Oh, Bafanggu. Yes.

Well, his show is actually oddly called Bafanggu.

Which means fuck you in Italian.

But it's not named after him. It just happens similar to Marron.

He's an Asian comic.

It's similar. But anyhow, let's listen to a clip. It's an Asian comic and he ruminates a lot about his life. And it's very funny and the music is very indie.

Hmm.

And it's kind of a big rip off of, you know how Louis is like a rip off of Marron?

You know how the FX went and made the Louis show?

Louis!

Louis G.

Anyway.

Which a lot of people don't know Louis is based on Louis G from the Mario comics.

Yeah. Quick clip of Bafanggu. Literally, this is a four second clip.

What am I doing? I'm not ever going to make my parents happy.

Yeesh.

You said it, Chim Chim.

So there you go. A lot of soul searching.

Bafanggu!

But with an Asian slant to it.

Oh, I get it.

Please, don't go there.

I hate girlfriend.

You asshole.

Girlfriend, don't go there! Look, TMI, Bob.

And then, sorry, now I can talk about the birthday boys. Y ay!

TMZ is what I meant.

Okay. Talk about the birthday boys. This is, who better to talk about the birthday boys but Dave Ferguson of Bob and David fame.

Hey, it's good to be here. It's good to be back with Bob.

Oh boy. Okay. So Bob, tell me about the birthday boys.

Well, why don't we talk to them? Can we say hi to them?

I mean, yeah, but Dave's right here.

Dave Ferguson is one of the birthday boys. How's it going, Dave? Where did you guys first meet?

Well, a bunch of us went to Ithaca College.

You're going to have to say that a billion times in your life. So start getting used to it.

I like it. It rolls through.

Say it again.

A bunch of us went to Ithaca College in upstate New York.

You're emphasizing it. Wait. No, no, don't own it.

Yeah, toss it off.

A bunch of us went to Ithaca College in upstate New York.

Change it to all of us.

All right.

That sounds better. You're going to have to explain who didn't.

So the best way to get a career in show business is to go to Ithaca College.

And I should sell it that way? I feel like I'm getting one of the most.

Just think about the message you're sending.

Right.

A bunch of us went to Ithaca College in New York and you should.

Smash cut to TV show.

Right.

That's pretty much how it went.

And you signed up for a class called Give Us a TV Show.

Give Us a TV Show 101. A couple of us met in 201, but it worked out great.

I mean, we had it by the time we graduated.

Wow.

And it was easy and fun.

Yeah, it's one of those classes, you know, you show up for the lecture, but that's just for FaceTime.

Also, we should mention you're a 13-year-old boy.

Yes.

You were in college at a very young age.

Right. Well, and I think everybody can tell by my voice.

Yeah, no, it's very high.

Yeah.

And you've pitched it down, I assume.

Oh, no. Yeah. People hate high voices on podcasts.

They're always like, lower, lower, lower.

So, yeah, we pitch it down for you.

Right. Yeah. I mean, if I know I'm playing to an all-dog audience, that's about the only time radio appearances don't edit my voice.

Sure, sure.

All-dog podcasts are very popular these days.

Extremely. Extremely.

Dog casts is one little nickname I give them, but it hasn't stuck.

I do sit here. The birthday boys are all sitting with us.

And every time I want to introduce them, I'm like, really?

I got to say seven fucking names?

Do you know our names, Bob?

Could you guys do anything about that?

We could kill one person.

Mike Hanford, Matt Kowalik, David Ferguson, Jefferson D utton, Tim Kalpakis, Mike Majl...

Chris Fonart-Stalin.

Fun.

I say it the proper way.

Yeah. They're all the birthday boys. They're all sitting here staring at us.

But is there anything you can do about this?

No. I mean, I think the reason IFC caught on to this show was our number. Volume. It was a volume by. And diversity.

We had seven people for one.

Look, you've never seen a show with seven people in it.

Never been done. NBD. Never been done.

The NBD network. Let's start that.

You know, it's funny. I've always...

Hey, what's the deal?

One thing I've experienced in show business is everybody on every show thinks they're doing something unique. Like if you asked, I remember there was some writer from Boy Meets World who I was talking to because it was next to our offices from Mr.

Show. Do you remember?

Oh, yeah, I do.

In the second season. And he was like a nice guy. And he was like, wow, you know, the show's this. It's for kids and all. You know, we're the only show that doesn't show.

He had something they did with the camera that you would never even know. He's like, never been done. Like, whatever.

Yeah. He's probably right.

Yeah. But...

I think we should have come out with just, you've seen it.

That should have been our slogan. That should have been our catch phrase.

YSI network.

We have seen it.

Yeah. But you guys are all in a sketch group. That's weird.

No, it's not weird at all. We enjoy sketch comedy. I mean, that's kind of what brought us together.

Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I thought it was weird.

Interestingly enough, Scott, this is something you wouldn't know, but a couple of these guys have written for comedy Bing Bo ing.

Yeah, you may know a few of us.

Wait, Dave, is that where I've seen you around?

That's right. You're used to not seeing me in the pairing of Bob and David.

Oh, okay. I was wondering, why is this guy from Bob and David hanging around the office?

But you've been writing on comedy, Ben going.

I've crafted some of the words you're saying right now.

Yes. That's well, everything I'm saying right now is written.

It's been written. Everything has been written. Yeah. But yeah, you know, I think that was our first foray into IFC comedy work.

Foray. That's a great word.

I'm picking up.

We'll use French words.

Yeah.

French people don't listen to this.

I just got to throw it away.

No, I'm saying that nobody knows what the word foray means.

Right. Right.

Are you guys seriously not going to talk because you're afraid to cross talk? You can talk.

Go ahead. Somebody say one word.

Somebody else talk.

Hey, it's Mitch.

Oh, God. Good God.

See, you asked for it, Bob.

You asked for it, Bob.

It could have been me, Mike.

Uh, I, uh, I, I'm a big fan of these guys. We've had a great time writing together.

Please watch the birthday boys.

And, uh, and currently I'm on tour with a bunch of you.

That's right. That's right.

When this comes out, which is, we're recording this in the morning that it comes out.

Yeah.

We've been on tour for a few days, uh, for about a week at this point.

Cruising through the Midwest.

It's been great.

Grueling.

This has been a lot of fun.

Oh, I meant to tell you all you're fired.

Oh, thanks.

From what?

From the tour.

Oh, for crying out loud.

Thank God.

This is how you tell us in the morning?

Yeah. On a podcast publicly.

You could have told us last night.

Why were we fired?

Uh, you know what you did, Mitch.

Yeah. I ate the entire food supply on the bus.

And the bus.

Surprised you waited this long. That was day one.

Yeah, I know.

No, you guys are great. You guys were, uh, one of my favorite sketch groups out here at UCB.

That I saw.

We lost.

You haven't been performing lately.

It's true.

There's some TV show.

We've been locked away on a TV show.

It was great.

Bob, Bob's, uh, in every episode.

So we, we, uh, we had a lot of fun working.

We had him up on a roof one day.

We put Bob Odenkirk in dangerous way multiple times on the show.

Yes.

And, uh, that's the funnest thing about show business is to almost die every day.

I almost got, uh, incinerated by an unauthorized fire that I had to start on my show.

That's right. I was there for that day too.

Yeah. You were right next to me.

Well, you know my middle name, don't you?

What?

Thomas.

Oh, right. Right. Right.

So yeah, I got to the set one day and there was a piece where we were supposed to have a fire and, uh, I found there to be no stunt coordinator or anything.

And they said, here, light this thing on fire.

And it, it lit.

Oh, it lit and I didn't get a scratch on me.

It's but you guys, you guys' eyes.

No, I didn't get burned either.

That was good.

Usually fires like to scratch at you.

I avoided that, but also didn't get burned.

But yeah, you guys is all of you guys' eyes are just like wide with terror.

And then you threw it at us.

Of course.

And my wife, my wife looks at that and gets very mad every time she watches that scene.

Mavis, of course.

But Bob, uh, you're on TV regularly now, which, uh, is amazing in sketch and, you know, I get to see the old, uh, Oh yeah, I get to do sketch, uh, clowning around.

Uh, it's loads of fun.

I still love it.

You're still great as ever.

Oh, that's nice of you.

Thank you.

And, uh, and then meanwhile, another one of me is doing dramatic acting.

So I hope that you'll, Yeah, we'll talk about, we'll talk about that in just one second.

Why don't we take a break?

When we come back, we'll have more, we'll have the dramatic , we'll show this dramatic side of Bob Odenkirk.

How's that?

Did you bring your monologues?

Oh my goodness.

I have them memorized.

I can do any monologue that you want from the last 300 years or so.

I can do Shakespeare.

I can read from a phone book.

Do you like this?

The phone book?

Do you like that?

I can read from the phone book.

This is the monologue.

I can do almost anything.

When we come back, Bob Odenkirk will read.

British people have just, they put that stupid fucking accent.

That's what they learn at college.

That's all it is.

That is a fake accent.

They learned that accent at college.

Yeah.

It's the first thing they have to take is lessons in speaking fake.

Cornered the market on that.

Why don't we teach those classes?

Just give me a movie, famous movie.

I'll do any scene from a famous movie.

Uh, Casablanca.

Casablanca.

I don't like running this nightclub, Casablanca anymore.

I am tired of it.

I don't like the Nazis.

Great dialogue.

First of all, that movie.

That movie, the dialogue.

I don't like the Nazis.

Crackling.

That, who, you know, it's so...

It's never been expressed that way.

It's so compact and just, you know, what they did with the syllables are, I don't like the Nazis.

They knew it would come out so fluid and beautiful.

Resonates.

And it just means more than all these people like gilding another famous movie.

Oh, uh, Gone with the Wind.

Gone with the Wind.

The wind, the wind itself is gone.

And so is all my dreams.

Wayne's World.

Uh, it's not the world that I would come to know.

It's the world of Wayne that I bemoan so.

That movie was written in couplets.

Yeah.

Rhyming couplets.

Yeah.

It's crazy.

People, no one talks about it.

Yeah.

No one.

Great.

Literally zero great actors in that.

All Royal Shakespeare Company people.

That is all.

Wayne's World 2.

By the way, yeah.

I'm trying to start a new Royal Shakespeare Company here in Hollywood with a sitcom actors.

Oh my God.

Who's in this?

Wow.

Well, Giovanni Ribisi might do it.

Yeah.

French Stewart.

If I can get him off of horrible shitty idiots and dads.

Is French Stewart available?

Absolutely.

He's in.

He's our permanent Hamlet.

Great.

You got it.

Once you lock Hamlet down, the rest is easy.

Yeah.

I don't even know Shakespeare's plays.

Did, is that.

Was it Hamlet is his name, right?

Shakespeare's first name is Hamlet Shakespeare.

Yeah.

And did he write plays named Hamlet or did, was the play name Shakespeare or Hamlet?

I don't, I'm not sure.

I think, you know, honestly, you better, you should look it up on Wikipedia or something, but.

Something.

I think that Shakespeare was the name of the play and the guy who wrote it, his name was Hamlet.

Right.

I think you're right.

I think that's actually, look it up.

Might be right.

So yeah, that was the first biopic.

Oh.

Yeah, my name is Hamlet and I've written a play entitled Shakespeare.

I do hope that you'll all see it when you come to Stratford -upon-Avon for the theater festival.

Bob, will you give us a.

It's a good voice, right?

It's good.

It's like resonates.

That's it.

It's so easy.

They can say whatever they want.

They don't sound like mumbling idiots, like Americans.

You know what I mean?

Take the worst dialogue in the world and filter it through that wonderful, full-throated, just rich voice.

And you just get.

That is very full-throated, by the way.

You just get music.

You get, you get words transformed into music.

Bob, speaking of words transformed into music before, as we go to a break, will you take us out with your catchphrase?

Yes, Scott.

I would love to transform myself into your instrument, your orchestra.

It would be the greatest dream of mine.

You know, that's great.

Dramatic acting.

That is really good.

But give us a classic Bob and David.

God damn it.

If you would, as we go to a break, we'll be right back with more comedy.

Bing-bong.

God damn it.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bing-bong.

We are back here with Bob Odenkirk of Bob and David fame.

And, uh, Bob, let's talk briefly about Breaking Bad.

It just ended last week and no spoilers for, uh, don't worry for anyone who hasn't, uh, watched the entire series yet, but, uh, how does it end?

Oh, so, but everybody's already seen it.

No spoilers.

Yeah.

Everyone's seeing no spoilers, but, uh, uh, like what's the final, uh, image?

Well, he's on the beach in Bermuda, right?

He's got the sunglasses on.

Well, he doesn't have mine.

He has them on his forehead.

Oh, like Shane Tipp style?

You know, the last, that last moment is so classic Vince Gilligan.

The guy shows up with the daiquiri and Walter White leans back and flips the sunglasses down and you see that Bermuda sun reflecting the sunglasses .

I could get used to this.

And he says, I could get used to this.

Yeah.

Fantastic.

A lot of people, I, and in the press, since the final episode, people haven't been making the connection that Walter White ends up on a beach on an island.

Vince Gilligan, Gilligan's Island, you know, I mean, Yeah, they haven't made that connection yet, but you did and you see it.

I mean, really perceptive viewers see, you know, when he's on the Island, he buys that Island with his meth money.

Sure.

And it already has that huge hotel.

Cause he shot all of the, the, the, the, the, we'll call them the antagonists.

They all die.

Yeah.

The DEA, essentially, They give up.

Give up.

You know what?

Yeah.

You're the best at this.

They write him that letter.

He gets that letter.

We are so sorry we bothered you at all.

Here's your money back.

Here's some of the things we accrued from pursuing you.

Please forgive us.

Best of luck in the future.

The DEA.

He goes to that Island.

He's like that last half of the last episode where he's trying to find an Island to buy.

Just, yeah.

It's just about real estate.

And that, and that great argument that he has with his wife , who they're now back together.

Right.

And she's like, I don't want an Island with a hotel on it.

Don't you know me?

I want a deserted Island.

And he's like, can't we just get along and find the perfect Island?

And, and they've picked that Island, right?

Which has a beautiful four seasons hotel.

And they, he goes in perfect, Walter White is so smart, right?

I'm going to run this Island.

He buys the Island with the hotel and he rents out every room.

Every room.

Now they got the hotel.

She's happy.

He's making money on top of that from renting out the rooms .

And that's smart.

And he becomes the caretaker of this hotel.

Walter Jr. is like that last shot.

Baby Holly is super happy.

She's speaking, you know, she's like, Hey dad.

Yeah.

Hey dad.

It's great.

She has a Southern accent.

You're really great.

She's got a nanny.

And, and then Walter White, that junior Walter Jr. is on the diving board, the high board and he runs and jumps.

Yeah.

And he, look what I can do.

Oh, splash.

Perfect splash.

He looks across the pool.

There's his wife.

She gives him the thumbs up.

Why is she on a skateboard?

There'll be more.

I think Vince is planting an idea.

Oh, wait.

She's another season.

I think he's that skateboard.

You know, um, Skyler on the skateboard is that's a whole nother story.

I don't even want to start on it.

They both, they both start with SK Skyler skateboard.

Here's the other thing.

Think about another S that rides a skateboard.

Think about where we've seen an S on a skateboard.

The Simpsons.

Bart Simpson, his last name is Simpson.

And then Jimmy cliff, who he got to play that Rastafarian guy who sells them the hotel and is the caretaker.

Hey, Mon.

Buy my hotel.

That guy's a hilarious character.

He's so good.

Jimmy cliff, one of the best.

It's just a great final, that last half hour.

I could have, I could have done with less of the conversation about, you know, islands.

I don't know.

I learned a lot about real estate and some good real estate tips, which I think was the main, I think you got a little too much information about tax write-offs and stuff, but it's okay.

10 minutes of that stuff.

Hey, it's, you know what?

We can sit through it just for that final scene.

Man.

Oh man.

That last moment I could get used to this.

Man.

So good.

And then do you see the monkey?

Then that monkey jumps on his shoulder.

I didn't see the monkey.

I close it again.

I close my eyes.

Your DVR cut it off after he says I can get used to this.

You hear, and the monkey little monkey, the cutest monkey ever jumps on his shoulder and dances around and he laughs.

I think I just turned it off because I was so satisfied, but if it had, I known there would be a monkey.

It's great.

And certainly there's a lot to think about there, you know?

And what I thought was interesting was the line of dialogue earlier in the show when Walter White says to your character, better call Sal.

He says, Sal, you gotta listen, Scott.

He says, Sal, you gotta admit, we broke some bad.

Well, I know a lot of people have been wondering when are we going to really hear the title of the show?

Because it's really something you owe the audience to use the title of the show at some point in your show.

Broke some bad?

The title.

We broke some bad.

And then he sings the theme song.

He's like, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, doo, doo, doo, doo .

I mean, you know, Vince is not going to let a thing go by without giving it significance and meaning.

And so for all these years you've been listening to that song, you've been hearing Breaking Bad, when is it going to resonate in the show?

So having a character say, we broke some bad, sing the song .

Yeah.

And then he says, high five, and you go, I prefer 10 down low.

And then you do a low 10.

It was incredible.

It was one of those classic...

Man, that last episode of Breaking Bad, oh my God, it all comes together.

Okay, spoiler alert off.

If you've not been listening because of the spoilers, you can now return to listening.

But great television, man.

Congratulations on that.

I mean, it's just like an incredible achievement.

I don't really like the episodes leading up to that last one.

Yeah.

But that last one was like just right what I like to see.

Everything.

Yeah.

So good stuff.

So I do want to introduce our next guest, by the way.

He told me it was very important that we say his name is Robbie.

I don't know why that's that important, but his name is Robbie.

And he is the...

It says here he's the guy who has the secret recipe for Coke.

Coca-Cola.

Yeah.

How you doing, Scott?

How are you?

Oh, I'm yelling into the microphone.

That's okay.

I ought to stop doing that.

Yeah.

I'm the one of the guys who knows the secret formula for Coca-Cola.

There are two of us and we each have part of the formula and we're not supposed to be around each other.

Oh, okay.

Now Coca-Cola is a secret formula that they've never revealed the recipe.

Although I don't know if people could really make it.

Well, yeah, it's a very simple recipe.

If it got out, people would start making it in their batht ubs and drinking Coca-Cola out of the bathtubs.

Could you excuse me a second?

Oh, oh, refreshing Coke.

Oh, that's a good Coke.

I just opened a sweet Coca-Cola classic can with Coca-Cola inside of it.

And you know everything that's in there and in what amount.

And I ain't saying.

When you swallow...

But there's two men who have the secret formula because if something happened to you...

That's right.

Then there'd still be a person.

And so that's a safety measure.

That's the safety measure.

That's the big Coke secret.

That's right.

That's fantastic.

When you swallow a little bit of Coke, are you thinking about every little molecule?

That's in there.

Well, I can taste each one of them.

Is it still possible to enjoy it at this point?

Well, David, it's a Coca-Cola classic.

Yes, but knowing how the sausage is made, I feel like...

I feel like I could enjoy it more knowing the sausage.

You know when you intimately know a sausage before you cook it up?

Yeah, bun, pork, mustard.

You know the buns that they put into the casing with the pork?

You know that taste test that they give chefs where they put something in their mouth and they're blindfolded?

The Pepsi challenge?

Yeah.

It's impossible to enjoy that.

You know, when you're trying to guess what you're eating or drinking, you know?

Like, how are you supposed to enjoy what you do?

Like, knowing what's in there.

That's the only way to enjoy your food.

To really enjoy your food.

This goes for any food.

Anything that touches tongue, you need to know every single bit of ingredient that goes in.

And yet you won't tell us the ingredients of Coke.

Come on.

I'm a selfish...

I'm very selfish.

I want all the flavor for myself.

I still think we can catch you off guard if I ask you just the right moment.

We'll see.

Hey, Robbie.

That's an interesting name, by the way.

Is it?

How'd you get that?

Well, it's from a longer version of the name, Robert.

Okay.

Oh my God.

Is that your mother's name or your father's name?

My father's name.

My mother's name was Robin.

I think.

So it's not at all like that.

Obviously, that's not the derivation of it.

By the way, Robbie, what is the formula for Coke?

Well, first of all, you're going to need a lot of...

Wait a minute!

Hold on a second.

I'm not that stupid.

That was stupid.

Almost, though.

I am stupid.

Yeah.

But not that stupid.

Yeah, we could hear it in your voice.

So why are you on this show?

I mean, you're not going to tell us the formula for Coke.

Nope.

You're not that interesting.

Yeah.

What are you talking about?

I'm wearing a big Coca-Cola sweatshirt.

Well, I mean, I haven't told the people listening to this, but yeah.

Yeah.

What else are you wearing?

Well, I'll describe it.

I'm wearing a red Coca-Cola sweatshirt, khaki pants that come up just above the ankle and a sweatsock.

One sweatsock.

Yeah.

Two.

I mean, a sweatsock on each foot.

What's this hat on your head?

This hat?

Yeah.

The pointy one?

Yeah, the big pointy one.

It's a Santa Claus hat.

Santa Claus Coca-Cola hat that's stuck straight up.

It's stotched.

Classic iconography of Coca-Cola.

That's right.

Hey, what are those Coke polar bears up to?

Right now, they're getting ready for their big Christmas photo shoot.

Oh, man.

I can't wait for that.

I can.

I can wait.

They do not go well.

They don't like each other?

They do not like the photographers.

Oh, OK.

How many photographers have you gone through every year?

Every year?

Yeah.

About eight.

Wow.

Eight per year.

That's right.

That's like one of those National Geographic shoots.

They get the underwater cameras.

They go up to Antarctica.

Yep.

They bring them underwater up to Antarctica, take them out of the water.

They swim.

Snap away.

From Los Angeles, California, underwater.

Yep.

Good stuff.

Well, it's great to meet you.

Yeah.

I just wanted to come by, talk about my job a little bit.

No, he has to.

I'm serious.

Do you have the recipe in your head, or do you have it in your pocket?

Well, that's what Coca-Cola pays me and the other guy who knows the formula to.

We have an office.

We each have separate offices, and I sit there at my desk.

Yeah, what's a day like for you?

I just sit at my desk from 9 o'clock in the morning until 5 , repeating the recipe.

It's right in my head until lunchtime.

I'll forget it, go eat lunch, come back, and just keep remembering, remembering.

Seems very dangerous.

I'm curious, where is the other guy on a given day?

Yeah, where's the other guy?

The other guy who knows the secret formula for Coke?

Yeah.

Well, you can ask him right there.

He's sitting right there at the table with me.

He's here.

He's here right now.

What?

Hey, how you doing, everybody?

Hey, how's it going, Scott?

Yeah, that's the other guy.

Oh!

That's the other guy.

Wait a minute.

So the other guy is here?

That's right.

I'm sorry.

No, this seems, this is stupid.

This is extremely dangerous.

I mean, Scott, I don't mean to alarm you, but if there was a fire...

Exactly.

Oh my God.

Everyone get out of here!

Hold on, wait a minute.

Is there really a fire here?

There's not a fire right now.

I'm saying hypothetically, if there was a fire...

Okay.

Get everyone out of here!

Or a flood.

I'm all right.

Okay.

Hey, hey, hey, my socks.

I've always wanted to drown.

I hear it's very euphoric.

Well, the moment right before you die, the moments leading up to that moment right before you die...

It's very panicky.

I love panic followed by euphoria.

Well, then you love drowning.

Yeah.

But here's the thing.

The euphoria of dying aside, if we lose these guys, that formula is gone forever.

Am I not mistaken?

Well, now hold on a minute.

Wait a minute.

Yes, you are not mistaken, but there is no fire and no flood?

No, I'm saying hypothetically, if there were to be a fire, that formula is gone forever.

Yeah, you guys should not be together.

That's the main point.

Oh, no, I get what he said.

No, wait a minute.

We're good friends.

We shouldn't just split up.

Just be, we're good friends.

We hang out all the time.

You're like the...

No, you're like the only two people in the world who can't be friends.

Bob, am I crazy here?

You're exactly right.

I can't think of any...

You guys, the whole point of having two instead of one is that if something happens to one of you, the other one is still alive with the secret formula memor ized.

Right.

By being together, you put yourselves and the recipe at great risk for a tragedy that could happen before one of you would easily befall the other.

Right.

The great storied history of Coca-Cola, 100 years probably?

Easily.

It's tossed out the window.

Yeah, but we can't bear to be apart.

No, we're friends.

We're classic friends.

I'm sorry, we're friends.

You can talk on, you can write each other letters and emails.

You can't be together physically together in the same room.

What are you doing?

Oh, Jesus.

What are you doing?

I just popped a fresh coat.

Oh, that looks like a DC.

That looks like a Diet Coke.

Oh, no.

In the theater.

Same formula?

No, it's in the theater of the mind.

It's a classic red cab.

In the theater of the mind.

That's right.

All right.

So you guys are...

Where...

Like, what do you guys talk about when you hang out?

Oh, Coke.

The recipes for Coke.

No, you shouldn't be saying that.

Okay, well, I assume when you have these conversations, you 're in the privacy of your office.

Yeah, that or in a sort of a mall.

Or car.

Or a plane.

No, guys, don't you get the point of your existence and your job?

You're not supposed to be blabbing the secret formula for Coke around, nor sharing it to anyone, even each other, and you're not supposed to be together.

You know what?

What can be done to separate you?

We should separate these guys.

One of you in a safe, soundproof booth type structure, some kind of...

Are there air holes in this booth?

Small air holes, sure.

Let me put it very simply for you.

Okay, do you think the guys know the formula for Pepsi Air Friends?

No.

Yeah.

They're right here with us.

Look at them.

Hey, how you doing, Scott?

Jesus.

Robert, how are you?

Oh my God, two other guys.

Who are you?

Oh, we're the two guys that know the secret formula for Pepsi.

Oh, that's great.

Yeah, now we're me and the Coke guy.

We're great friends.

But these two Pepsi guys...

Oh, they're great friends.

That's right.

You said the same thing twice.

You said you're great friends.

And then as if heightening the stakes, you said, but they 're great friends.

Did I say great twice?

Better friends.

You may have.

You know what I meant to say?

No.

Ah, that's all right. I meant to say good and then great.

Hey, you know what?

Why quantify friendship?

That's what I want to know.

Yeah, you like you guys like each other and that should be enough.

Friends are friends.

Well, you know what?

Go Pepsi, right?

Same thing, but with Coke.

Listeners beware.

Go Coke, not Pepsi.

Oh, Pepsi is better.

But you guys don't get along.

I can't imagine the four of you get along.

Oh no, we're good friends.

We get along famously.

We always hang out.

Damn it.

This is not...

Yeah, this is stupid.

We are good to great friends, all of us.

Okay, but as long as you never discuss the secrets with each other.

We're always swapping recipes and secrets.

No.

You realize, I mean, there's a chance.

First of all, you know, catastrophic catastrophe.

Yes.

Are you English?

Yes.

Catastrophe aside, that actually does work, Bob.

You were right before.

I mean, you sounded amazing.

I could feel myself getting sexier in that moment.

Not us.

Impressive.

I was impressed by it.

I hate to imagine even just what if some of the Coke and Pepsi ingredients got intermingled.

Can you imagine that?

What would that taste like?

It would never.

It'd be like some bastardized Mountain Dew.

Our scientists tell us it would be highly poisonous.

There you go.

Yet another danger.

Never mind the fact that if you guys die, the future of Col a is in this country.

You are together as you guys hang out together.

There's two teams of friends hanging out together.

Yeah.

What's wrong with it?

Wait, hold on.

So someone's at the door.

Hold on.

Somebody ought to open this door.

Come on in.

Hey, what about us?

We're the two guys who know the secret formula for TAB.

We're brothers.

Oh, hi guys.

Hey, how's it going?

Scott.

Hi.

Hi, Bob and David.

And most of all, hi Robbie.

Okay.

Yes.

Thank you very much.

Hello to you too, TAB guys.

All right.

Have you ever met a guy named Robbie before?

No, and I'm very excited.

Yes.

Oh, wait.

I get that very much.

TAB guys.

Yes.

Do you know the Pepsi and Coke guys?

We're big fans, but we've never met them.

We've never met them and we're shaking with excitement.

Well, yeah, these two have left packages of TAB on our door steps from time to time.

Thank you very much for those.

And don't do it again.

Have you drank the soda that we left for you?

I opened them.

And you poured them into your mouths?

I poured them.

Yeah, I poured them out, but I did not.

We did not like the smell.

We gave them to charity.

When you're chilling with your lady, there's nothing better than an ice cold TAB.

I would challenge that.

Did I say stab?

That will certainly seal the deal.

I think you might have said stab there.

This guy's like a closet serial killer.

Ice cold staff.

What?

Ice cold staff.

Yes, it's called stab.

Can you not pronounce the company which you work for?

Stab cola.

Now, wait a minute.

That doesn't seem right.

It doesn't seem right.

That doesn't seem right.

Okay, but TAB guys inside the fact remains with the Coke and Pepsi.

I mean, these are some important recipes.

Yes, and TAB as well.

And we know what you're thinking.

Oh, no, the two TAB guys are together.

I hope that the studio does not collapse upon them.

I mean, that's not what I'm thinking.

I'm thinking why are you guys sitting on each other's laps?

Does that necessarily have more than enough chairs in this room?

I'm actually allergic to the fabric on the chair.

I like to sit on my brother's lap.

It can go through your jeans?

It goes through everything.

It can travel through.

We should describe that the TAB guys are wearing jean shorts cut at about the upper thigh.

When you say about the upper thigh, you're being very generous.

I'm being generous.

Yeah, pockets are below the cut.

It's like a mankini.

A man in denim.

Thank you.

Self-cut.

It wasn't store cut.

It was self-cut.

No, I don't know where you would buy those.

I don't think they would be store cut.

We make them out of fabric and we ensure that it's not the same fabric as the chair that we sit in because on account of my brother is allergic .

Okay, so he's allergic to any chair fabric.

That is correct, David Ferguson.

Okay.

It's actually a very normal disease.

A lot of people are affected by the whole blue world.

Name one.

Is there one other person?

Yes.

Your brother?

My brother.

When he says name one person, you can't just say yes.

Yeah.

You want me to name?

It doesn't work as proof.

The band, yes.

Oh, the band, yes.

Okay, I'm so sorry.

You've called us out on this one.

You are right in this one situation.

Is this the Trevor Horton era?

Never mind.

Yeah, it's not important.

Well, maybe it is important.

I was wondering the same thing.

You were wondering that, Robbie?

Yep.

Wow.

Well, this is an historic meeting.

I mean, between the Coke and Pepsi guys.

Tab guys, you know.

I can take it or leave it.

You're probably very afraid that we're going to leak the secret.

Yes, but no, no, no.

To Tab?

Yes.

Yeah, I couldn't care one way or the other.

Oh, please, Scott.

Acherman.

We're not buying your act.

You're creeping me out, man.

You really are.

I mean, if it's all the same, do you guys...

I mean, we should just...

You guys want to...

Stop.

What was that?

Please stop.

That looks delicious, brother.

That's a smell.

Oh my God.

It's an icicle.

Tab.

That was the saddest...

I'm reading the can.

It says Tab.

You're saying Stab.

Can you spell Tab for me, sir?

Why...

My question is, on your can of Tab, you've, with a magic marker, put an S right before the Tab.

No, that was there.

Also, if you don't mind, we had to differentiate between our brothers.

Oh, he's British.

Can you say any word?

You know what?

I think this Tab guy's British.

We had to differentiate between me and my brother's Tabs, so sometimes I mock my Tabs.

With an S?

What's your name?

I mock my Stabs.

I sometimes mock my Stabs.

But what is your name?

My name?

Yeah.

Is it Steven?

No, it's Val.

It's Val?

Valerie.

Oh, boy.

Is this a well?

You know, so you mark it with an S?

I love you, Valerie.

I love you, Melanie.

All right, guys, break it up.

Okay, come on.

Jesus Christ.

Put those shorts back on.

Stop giving each other gentle kisses.

It was beautiful, though.

That's friendship.

Now stop giving the microphone to the brotherhood.

You guys are just...

Hey, don't hate.

Just because you don't like our lifestyle doesn't mean that you can't get on board with the Tabs.

What lifestyle is that?

I don't mind the homosexual lifestyles.

The brothers.

Excuse me?

What are you talking about?

He said he doesn't mind the homosexual lifestyle.

That's not at issue here.

You're brothers.

Incorrect, Scott.

I love ladies more than anything.

More than to stab?

I almost dabbed him second.

Ladies first.

Whoa.

Wow.

Okay.

All right.

How about you, Coke guys?

Does that ring true for you?

Ladies before Coke?

No, not for me.

Always Coke first.

Okay.

That's before God encountered.

Robbie, are you married?

Well, I'll tell you something interesting.

Okay.

I went to church once with a couple of Cokes in my pocket, and I asked the priest if I could marry the Coke full of Cokes.

Wait, marry the full of...

Which?

The Coke.

Marry all three.

Marry the Coke, Coke, and the Cokes.

That's right.

The Coke.

He said, no, I couldn't, and I had to leave that particular church.

Okay.

End of story.

No, it's not an exciting story.

It's not a good story for me, but it's a story that I like to tell.

Oh, it was exciting.

Me and my brother have some stories about the ladies.

Oh boy.

Oh yeah.

Well, we make love to them, that's for sure.

Okay.

I don't want to hear this.

Yeah.

I mean...

After going down on a lady...

Oh boy.

Oh, wait a minute.

Should you really be the spokesperson for stab?

I love stab.

After going down on a lady, there's nothing like an ice cold stab.

Oh God.

That is the worst slogan I've ever heard.

But there it is right on the cane.

Yeah, that's true.

With a magic marker again.

Yeah, wait a minute.

I have to differentiate.

Well guys...

I think we should get out of here.

Maybe the Coke and Pepsi guys.

We'll just...

I'll take you to your kids' place and parties, and I'll lead you to a movie, and you can go somewhere else where these guys aren't...

But we're just...

We're going to leave.

Yeah.

Okay?

Is that okay?

Yeah.

Let's all just get out of here.

We're going to go together in the car.

See you guys.

All right.

Bye Coke guys.

Bye Pepsi guys.

Thanks guys.

You don't want to know what the formula for stab?

Yeah.

Okay.

What is it?

Go ahead.

We can't tell.

We forgot.

Oh my God.

All right.

That's not a...

You stopped us from leaving to tell us that.

Is every can of stab like 20 years old?

Yes.

Scott, do you know that they age wine?

Yes.

I didn't know that brother.

That's interesting.

Yes.

During the wine making process, they barrel it and then they age it.

Do you know that brother?

Are you guys all getting this?

I actually...

I am writing this down.

I didn't know about this.

This is interesting.

I'm wondering if the news blogs are going to pick up on this podcast.

Hey, speaking of your podcast, we're big fans.

Thank you.

And do you know where we listen to it?

Where?

One time we were at the stereo store.

Oh geez.

And these are the one guys.

We wanted to practice downloading a podcast to hear on a stereo and see if we would buy it.

And then we accidentally downloaded yours and we listened to the whole thing.

Well, thank you so much.

We loved it and we laughed and we walked over here to your studio.

Oh wait, so this is not 20 minutes ago?

No.

This was 20 minutes ago.

Did you buy a stereo?

Oh brother, my brother didn't want to.

He said we couldn't afford it.

Oh, but you're like the only guys that know the formula to a, I would say mildly successful.

Yes.

And you don't know the formula.

That's true.

Maybe that's why they don't make their pay.

You're the only two guys who've forgotten the formula.

Yes, thank you.

Are you getting paid by the way?

We get $600 every two years and we get as much tab as we'd like.

And how much is that?

Oh, how much stab can you drink?

We're asking you.

That's what we're asking you.

You can't just, by the way, anytime you're asked a question , repeat a question, repeat it or say yes.

Oh, you don't like getting a taste of your own medicine.

I see.

Oh, Mr. Ockerman.

I can ask the questions, but then when the stab guys ask you questions, you get all nervous.

Yeah.

It looks like the Choctaw has...

I don't think you ever asked me a question.

Oh, we didn't.

We think that's a question.

I think the Choctaw has met his match.

All right, guys.

Well, you guys are all fun people and I love Robbie.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

You got a great name.

I wish I had heard more from the birthday boys personally, but...

Yeah, you know, what are you going to do?

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Bob Odenkirk, more of the birthday boys right after this.

Comedy Bing Bong.

We are back here with Bob Odenkirk of the late Breaking Bad show and the upcoming...

By the way, you want to announce the sitcom spinoff is for sure, right?

And it's airing in like two months, right?

Yeah, the sitcom spinoff Better Get Sal.

Better Get Sal.

So I always miss that name.

Better Get Sal.

And it'll be on...

What's that network?

Conan's on?

TBM?

Yeah, BNT.

Very funny.

Yes, it's on Very Funny.

Great.

Very funny.

And what's the show like?

Is it like...

Oh, it's going to be great.

Do you ever see Three's Company?

Yeah, yeah, definitely.

We literally, we just do those scripts.

Oh, fantastic.

So you, are you Jack Tripper or are you one of the girls?

I get both.

I get to do both lines.

So is it just you saying all the lines?

No.

Well, if you saw Breaking Bad, you know that Huell was in that.

And QB and those characters are not in this.

Okay.

So it is just me.

I should have just told, said yes.

And you just reading the stage directions and all the lines ?

Yep.

In front of a live audience?

There's like four people there in the room.

Are they allowed to laugh or comment?

A lot of them, they can do anything they want.

A lot of times they're going to be listening to their personal device.

Look, it's a free country.

You can do whatever you want.

Are there two seats available?

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Do you have two extra seats?

The Tab guys, by the way.

On account of we're your very biggest fans, Mr. Bob.

By the way, the Coke guys and the Pepsi guys all took off.

The birthday boys are here, but the Tab guys stuck around.

Hello?

Bob, we love your work.

We love Just Shoot Me.

Oh, well, thanks.

Well, Tab is a great drink, I'm sure.

Just Shoot Me?

You guys seen Mr. Show?

I assume that's or maybe Breaking Bad.

We have not seen either.

Just Shoot Me.

Just seen his episode of Just Shoot Me?

Bob, were you on Just Shoot Me?

Once.

Better call Spade.

Oh, very funny.

Yeah.

Good stuff.

All right, guys, it's time to play a little something we like to call Would You Rather?

Rock and roll.

Zip, zip, zip.

It's time to play Would You Rather?

We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is cbbwir.

Camody, bling, bling, would you rather?

Don't send them to me.

We all know why.

And I'll read the question out loud.

I'll then open the floor for questions.

We're going to play in teams.

Bob, you're a team.

Tab guys, you're a team.

Birthday boys, you're a team.

As long as I'm not on the Tab guys, that sounds good.

All right, great.

I'm going to read it out loud.

You can ask me any question you like in order to narrow down your choice.

I will then close the floor for questions.

We'll tally up the points and then we'll determine a winner .

That's pretty easy, right?

So here we go.

This is sent to us by Brian Reinhardt.

Hello, Brian.

At BG Reinhardt, he asks, would you rather give birth to a chipotle burrito every nine months or always sneeze out M&Ms?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

I have a follow-up question, Scott.

It's not a follow-up.

You have to ask the first question.

I'll follow up to my first question.

Here's the second question.

Now, the contents of the chipotle burrito, would that be barbacoa, carnitas, or apoyo?

Meaning chicken.

I'm unfamiliar.

So every time you eat an apoyo...

When you go to chipotle, do you ever order apoyo?

Yes, I always have.

I've never had the other two.

I have apoyo every time.

What is it you think you're eating?

Well, I imagine it's...

Brother, help me out.

I believe it's poultry of some sort.

You can say what you're imagining.

Well, I don't want him to get mad at me after the show.

I love you guys' style, by the way.

Anytime you ask the question, can you help me out or just repeating it back.

He loves our style, brother.

So we have the choices, would rather give birth to a chip otle burrito.

By the way, it is...

It's apoyo.

Yeah.

Delicious.

Yeah.

Coming out the other way, though.

I'm definitely going to say sneeze.

Don't, please don't vote, Bob.

Please don't vote.

I went over the rules so explicitly.

Yeah, I know.

That's a big problem with you, right?

What the hell happened?

What is the rules?

You asked me questions to help narrow down your choice.

What is this rule?

Okay.

You know, because it's not as...

So when it says you birth the burrito, do you actually...

I guess through my penis?

No, actually you grow a vagina about five days before you give birth to this burrito.

Right.

So the great part is you have a vagina for five days every nine months.

So if you're into that kind of thing, that's kind of cool.

Does it hurt as much as a regular birth?

It hurts exactly as much as a regular birth.

But your stomach does not grow.

I have a question.

Yes, sir.

Can I ask a two-parter?

I'll allow it.

Did I have intercourse to bring about this pregnancy and with whom?

Yes, and with Zorro.

Okay.

Action hero.

Every nine months.

Oh, that's right.

Of course.

Yes, he comes around the house.

Knock, knock, knock.

Right.

Hello.

Time for another burrito.

No, it's not Puss in Boots.

From the trademark knock, I would have guessed Puss in Boots.

Time to fuck.

Yes, well.

Well, he sounds like Puss in Boots from the movies.

Yeah, but it's not.

It's actually Zorro.

Oh.

Okay.

I have a question about the sneezing, Scott.

Yes, sir.

You said always sneezing?

Every time you sneeze.

Oh, I see.

It says always sneeze out M&Ms.

Yes, you are continuously sneezing M&Ms.

No, always.

Yes.

See, this is why you ask the questions, Bob.

Could have, you know.

Yeah, you were going to vote, but there's so much more to this.

Mr. Ockman, I have a question.

Yes, from the tab, gentlemen.

Well, would you be able to eat the burrito or any of the M& Ms?

You are able to eat the M&Ms.

You alternate between sneezing and then you shove whatever you sneeze out into your mouth.

So it's like, ha-choo!

Meanwhile, the burrito you are forced to eat.

It is covered in baby goop, you know.

Mucus.

Yes, of course.

And vagina juices.

Body mucus.

Oh.

Would you like that?

When a baby comes out, is it covered in both mucus and vagina juices?

Like, is there like...

It is.

Yeah.

I assume you're addressing that question to Bob because he 's the only one who has children.

I'm the only one with a doctor.

Is it, does it, you know the vagina juices that when you're having sexual relations with a woman it tends to like, you know, get a lot of juices flowing down there.

When you give birth, is it the same thing?

It's covered in that kind of...

The tab guys look really confused right now.

We actually came out of our mother's vagina at the same time.

You're twins, that's what I hear.

Side by side?

Side by side.

I've heard of side by sides.

Maybe this is the first time I've had one on.

Oh no no no, there was that other guy.

Yeah, never mind.

Congratu...

Wait, one guy.

I remember every bit of it, brother.

Oh, like spooning you came out?

Um, here's a question.

What flavors of M&M's are we talking the traditional...

The green ones.

Red, okay, just green.

Yeah, you know what I'm saying.

Chocolate inside.

For those of you who can't see Scott at home or wherever you're listening to this podcast, he's pumping his eyebrows.

Green M&M's.

And he's been doing it since the beginning of the podcast.

So, nothing different when I say green M&M's.

Bringing it up now.

Is there any possibility that you could sell the M&M's and make a profit?

You can sell them if you like, and in fact, you know, you do so and you put the Mars company out of business.

Because you have...

Good riddance.

Because you're sneezing the M&M's from the supply of M&M's in the world.

Right.

And they're being transported into your mouth as you sneeze .

So when they go out of business, do you stop sneezing?

Yes, once the last M&M is eaten, because they're out of business, they stop making M&M's.

So once they're all gone, then you stop sneezing.

And you're the guy that finally took down big candy.

So that's good.

Yeah, so that's good.

So you got that.

All right, any other questions here?

This is now very complicated.

Very complicated.

Or every nine months, five days, every nine months you have a vagina.

That's something.

And then, can you at least have a baby shower before you give birth to a...

Great question.

You are allowed one baby shower every nine months.

Okay.

And all your friends come over and they give you wonderful gifts.

I can register anywhere?

Where are you thinking of registering?

Well, Crate & Barrel for one.

Yeah, you are allowed Crate & Barrel.

Yeah, great.

Yeah.

Bob, you have a question?

No, I'm starting to see the attraction of giving birth to a burrito.

One other, when you give birth to a burrito, is there any chance of getting postpartum depression?

Yes, and in fact, you have postpartum depression until you grow that vagina five days before the next one.

We all know why it goes away at that point.

Even while Zorro comes over and does his thing to you, you 're depressed the entire time.

Zorro.

Was that Puss in Boots?

No, no, no.

I just walked into this conversation.

No, he's doing Puss in Boots, catchphrase from the movie.

That's you.

We have all seen Shrek 3.

I know, I just, some people out there haven't.

Hey Shrek, time to fuck.

Donkey!

Don't look!

You like that, Bob?

Is that your kind of humor?

Oh, he is laughing hysterically, is he not?

You're wiping tears from your eyes from laughter.

What is happening here?

That sounds so bad.

I've closed the floor for questions.

Guys, it's time to vote.

Let's go to Bob first.

How do you like to vote?

Burrito.

Burrito, really?

Yeah, I don't want to sneeze all the time, constantly.

That would be so, you couldn't have a thought in your head.

It's only for two weeks.

No.

You didn't ask the question, see?

You put them out of business within two weeks, you're sneez ing so much.

Oh well, but now for the rest of your life, every nine months, you're giving birth to a Chipotle burrito.

All right, Bob, you chose the burrito.

Let's go to the birthday boys.

We'll confer real quick.

Yes, you're crazy.

I could be good.

We should go with the funniest.

Scott, we want those candies shooting out of our nose.

Yep, we gotta have them.

We're already used to having sinus infections all the time.

That's true.

Really?

Even though you die after two weeks of it, because it's so painful.

Yep, that's right.

I thought of that possibility.

Stay in my mind.

You voted that way.

All right, Tab guys, how do you like to vote?

Well, we choose both.

Oh, God.

One of the guys, you can't...

We want both.

We're requesting both?

You each want both or one of you gets one and one gets the other?

I mean, you could have at least said you choose neither.

No one's ever chosen both before.

This is unprecedented.

We want both.

They both sound like they have their upsides and we would like to enjoy the upsides of both.

So you're going to...

What's going to happen to you is day one, Zorro comes over, knock, knock, knock.

You want the fuck?

He...

Celebrity.

He does that.

The minute he does it, you start sneezing M&Ms.

Achoo.

God bless you, brother.

And then two weeks later, you die and you never give birth to Chipotle burrito.

If you will allow us that opportunity.

Yes, we will take it.

All right, let's tally up the points.

No hesitation.

Bob, you somehow knew that you would die two weeks into that sneezing.

So you voted for the correct answer.

Birthday boys, I'm sorry you voted incorrectly.

But the tab guys, my goodness, you guys have done something never been done before.

Yes.

You chose both, which was a horrible choice.

So you are the absolute losers.

Bob, you're the winner.

Congratulations.

Congrats, Bob.

That is how we play Would You Rather.

All right, guys, great game.

Very competitive.

Thanks.

Bob, you're the winner.

How's it feel?

Oh my God, I've never felt so good.

I've never felt so sure of myself and full and, you know, just great.

You don't have to shout God damn it.

Not at all.

You've, uh, have you ever been in that situation where you don't have to shout God damn it?

No, never before have I had that yolk removed from my neck.

All right, guys, it's time for the last thing on the show.

And that is a little something called Plugs.

Plugs.

Comedy.

Nice.

Uh, that was by Juice Man.

That's how you pronounce it, right?

Brett?

Yeah.

Juice Man.

Uh, that's Plugs Theme, volume 3073.

Thanks, Juice Man.

And, uh, he's sent us some cool sneakers and all sorts of great stuff.

Yeah, thanks, Juice Man.

Uh, if you have a Plugs Theme, send that over to earwolf.

com in the Comedy Bing Bong message boards.

And let's get to it.

Bob, what do you like to plug?

The Birthday Boys, October 18th, IFC.

This Friday, 10 30.

Watch this show.

You're all over it.

Mm-hmm.

As well as the Birthday Boys.

For 10 weeks.

And then what happens?

Do you like act out sketches at home?

Yeah.

Oh, at home and Fridays.

Same half hour.

Fill the half hour.

Uh, Birthday Boys, what do you have to plug?

Uh, Breaking Bad.

You can catch in a finale on DVR.

Yeah, just watch it and watch all those.

Available now on iTunes.

Great scenes we described.

And, uh, oh, you know what?

To get ready for that Friday premiere, you can watch an episode of the Birthday Boys show online.

Right now.

Where do you do that?

You can do it on iTunes.

You can do that at IFC.com.

I'm sure there's other formats, but come on.

So a lot of people, they don't like to watch something if they're like, look, I don't want to commit to 10 weeks of this.

I got to see a half hour first.

Get it out of the way.

You know what I mean?

Is that what you're saying?

Yeah.

You can do that.

I got to do it half hour at a time.

Yes.

Start with this first half hour.

That's right.

Which episode is this?

You can see online.

Um, it's called Skewered.

Another SK.

It's another SK.

Like Skyler on the skateboard.

I think you're picking up on the world we're all swimming in here.

The motif.

Um, but, uh, yeah, yeah.

It's one of the later episodes, but they're pre-releasing it.

And then of course, we're going to be in a one hour block with you.

That's right.

Yeah.

You can watch this Friday.

You can watch at 10 PM Comedy Bang Bang.

This episode is Rainn Wilson.

He is very funny on this.

And also Andy Daly is Dalton Wilcox, the Cowboy Poet Laure ate of the Old West.

Nothing better.

And this is one of our favorite episodes.

It's really good.

So watch this Friday, 10 PM Comedy Bing Bong, followed by The Birthday Boys.

That's a good hour.

That's a power hour.

That's a good hour out of your life.

And then you're going right to bed.

Yeah.

Then go to bed, young man.

Or young lady.

Also, you can catch us on tour for another few days.

We're in Philadelphia tonight.

October 14th.

We are, and then we're doing DC.

Washington DC, two shows on October 15th.

And the second show is still, I believe it's not sold out by this point yet.

Come see us.

And that'll be fun.

Even Mitch.

Hey, we have something to plug too.

Oh, okay.

Tab guys, you have something?

We have a new Tab product that's going to hit the market soon.

It comes out next month, November 3rd.

Okay.

It's a Tab that never gets cold, no matter how much you refrigerate it.

It always will stay room temperature.

So look for that.

It's called Tab Warm November 3rd.

And do you suggest people try to refrigerate it?

You can try, but it will not get cold.

Try as you might.

Try all you want. Good luck.

Not going to happen, my friends.

Why?

Oh, because for people like my brother, they can't drink cold drinks.

Oh, they have sensitive teeth?

When I sip a cold soda, it chills my core.

He was in a coma for three months last time he had ice in his drink.

Oh no.

I had to soak in a jacuzzi for up to nine hours.

Oh my God.

Were you there by his bedside as he recovered?

Oh, every day.

Yeah.

I didn't move from his side.

Well, I just think that's a small group of people.

I mean, more people like it cold.

Yeah, why don't you sell them by a great margin?

Mr. Odenkirk, have you ever sold any drinks before?

I don't think you know what you're talking about.

Oh my God.

He's getting mad.

Oh my God.

The Tab guy's pulling out a lighter.

He's going to set the studio on fire.

Hey, hey, be cool.

Don't set the studio on fire.

The Coke guys and Pepsi guys might still be close.

We haven't even closed up the plug bag.

We can't set the studio on fire.

All the plugs will get out.

Do it.

Push us over the edge.

Do it, brother.

It's all been leading to this moment, brother.

Take the last sweet sip of stab, brother.

Simply delicious.

My skin.

The secret fire.

My skin is sliding off.

Coke is nutmeg, coriander, and neroli oil.

And Pepsi is coriander, nutmeg, and petite grain.

And we forgot the Tab one.

Goodbye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

Dot.

Com.

The wolf dead.
