---
layout: page
title: 25. Neil Hamburger,Mike O'Connell,Brent Weinbach [166⧸21210].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Death Ray ♪ ♪ Comedy Death Ray ♪ ♪ Comedy Death Ray ♪ ♪ Comedy Death Ray ♪ Indie 103.1, waiting for that to fade.

Hey, it's Scott Aukerman, it's time for Comedy Death Ray.

This is noon PST.

We go from noon to one every Friday.

I am your gracious host, and I have a very special guest with me all hour.

He's sitting across the table from me.

You all right, everything okay there?

Let me introduce you before we ask if everything's okay.

I know that's valuable time wasted if you're not okay.

But Neil Hamburger is my special guest this week.

Hello, hey gang, how's everybody doing?

Now you're speaking to the gang out there in radio land.

No, I'm speaking to any doctors out there that know how to treat a stroke, which I'm having right now .

What was that?

That was like the stroke theme.

Yeah, yeah, I'm familiar with it.

Do you hear that sound when you have a stroke?

You don't, the people that are standing around the hospital bed watching you hear that sound because that's the sound of the gauge that determines whether or not you're still alive.

How many times have you had a stroke, Neil?

On or off stage?

Let's start with off and then move to on.

Oh, geez.

37 off stage and 119 on stage.

That is a lot of strokes.

We had a stroke on stage just two weeks ago.

I did a show with Bad Religion and No FX in Sydney, Australia.

And they were, I don't know, maybe 6,000, can you swear on this, Reid?

Sure, please do.

6,000 young asshole prick, cock-shucking, little weasel vermin in the audience.

And when I started having the stroke, we called out for a doctor in the house.

And of course these kids are too young and there was nobody there to help, nobody.

Young punk fans are not usually in the medical profession.

They're not even medical students, you know?

I mean, they sniff a lot of glue and they watch a lot of television and do a lot of crystal meth, but that doesn't qualify you for a medical degree unless you're attending the University of Phoenix.

Now you've had a lot of health problems over the years.

I've been following your career for quite some time.

You've had a lot of health problems.

Your career has been pretty rocky, I have to say.

It has, not good.

A lot of ups and downs, more downs.

More downs. We had some ups, we did.

Sure, what were the ups? Remind our listeners.

Being booed at Madison Square Garden.

Okay.

Having people throw, 17,000 people at the Manchester United Arena, throwing two-pence coins at me.

Now a lot of people wouldn't count those as ups.

But there were so many people there, you know?

That's the mark of success of a short, right?

That's a big audience.

Even if they weren't enjoying you, they actually- They were there.

They paid to see you.

Yeah, I mean, I've done a lot of shows to people that didn't like it when there were six people there, but to have 17,000 angry paying customers, that's a real feather in your cap, you know?

Now you're going out on tour very soon with one of our next guests, Mike O'Connell.

What is this tour called again?

Oh, it's the Pabst Blue Ribbon Canned Laughter Tour.

And that's because Pabst comes in a can now.

Oh, that's right.

As well as a bottle.

So you choose now.

It's all about freedom, not only with this free form radio, where you can say motherfucker, but also with a marketplace where you can buy beverages in all sorts of formats.

Two great ways that America is really blossoming.

Freedom. Freedom.

Freedom to drink, and that's what this show is about, is you drink this Pabst Blue Ribbon and listen to these people spew their hatred, and hopefully it's a good night.

Have you started out on the tour yet?

Or are you in the middle of it?

Are you just embarking?

This promotional appearance is in fact the beginning of the tour.

Really?

Yeah.

That is quite exciting.

I am so honored that you would start the tour right here.

Well, thank you. Thank you.

There's no Pabst in the house though, so.

Yeah, I know.

That seems like an oversight.

Very, very.

On your part? On my part?

I'm not sure.

You know, we don't have to carry the cases of beer to the shows.

You have people to do that for you?

Have you graduated to that level of performer?

Well, you know, it was just in the contract.

I guess they cart around semis full of the stuff.

It's that popular.

Wow.

And I can't drive a semi.

I don't have a license for that, you know?

All right, well, we'll talk a little more about the tour.

We'll have Mike out here.

We also have Brent Weinbach coming up.

But, you know, first, as we always do, we always start on the show with a little bit of entertainment news.

So I'd love to hear your take on the news of the day.

Of course, the biggest news yesterday was Balloon Boy.

That son of a bitch.

No, that, you know, those people, that's as bad as it gets.

Now, what I would like to know is can you die?

Is it fatal to have a gigantic Mylar balloon and your six-year-old son shoved up your ass?

Because, no, that's horrible.

To do that for a publicity stunt, you know?

They think it's a publicity stunt because when Wolf Blitzer was interviewing the family, the little boy, they asked him, why didn't you come out when people were calling?

And the little boy said, you told me it was all for the show.

And then, as Alan Yang pointed out, he immediately farted right after that.

I don't know if you see the clip, but he says, you told me we did it all for the show.

And then- That's sort of a Larry King move.

Sure wasn't Larry hiding behind the console and doing that?

That's what he does.

He may have been.

And then the father was just kind of stunned that the boy would say that and or that he would fart like that.

We're getting our levels turned up.

I love it.

Well, a little too low?

Engineer Joe is walking out.

Yeah, I like more.

I like it a little fuller.

Thank you so much.

Well, I'll tell you, the good thing about finding out that it may have been a hoax, the good thing is now I feel better about rooting for the kid to fall out of the balloon, you know?

Starting to think I had no heart.

You know, he really should have gotten in that balloon.

You know, I mean, he could have been famous.

He could have been the boy who traveled across worlds in a balloon and instead he just hid in the attic.

He hid in a box.

I know, he's kind of a coward.

In a cardboard box.

Little prick.

Let's see, what else is going on in entertainment news?

Oh, here's something- That's entertainment news.

Yeah, well, that was the whole, all of America was just glued to their screens yesterday.

Yeah, yeah.

Both literally and figuratively.

I guess I thought that was more of like military news.

That's true.

Let's see, what else is going on?

The other members of U2 have fired their entertainment lawyer because they heard he was working pro bono.

Oh, boy.

That seems like a strange story.

Oh, boy.

That's gold.

That's a piece of gold there.

Sell that to Don Rickles.

Co-written with Nick Thune last night.

That's a good one.

What else is happening?

Marge Simpson on the cover of Playboy this month.

Did you see that?

She's not inside.

She's not inside?

I haven't taken a look at it.

Yeah, no, she's not inside.

You know, they had Ed McMahon on the cover of Playboy once and I bought that and there was, you know, no Ed McMahon nudity.

They gotta sue the people for false advertising there.

They really do.

If someone is on the cover, you expect them to be inside.

Naked.

Yeah.

Now, she is not the first TV mom to appear in the magazine.

In 1958, Barbara Billingsley showed her beaver.

Oh, boy.

Does that make sense to you?

Wow, wow, wow, yeah.

Oh, that's interesting because I, a friend of mine once had taken part in a gang bang with Barbara Billingsley.

Really?

That they set up on Craigslist.

So, yeah, this was about six months ago, I think.

So, it's good to see.

That doesn't seem possible, but.

Well, no, I mean, you know, she's a very sprightly lady, despite her age.

Hugh Beaumont unfortunately passed on recently.

Oh, yeah.

I don't know if you reported that as well.

I don't believe I did.

We just started doing entertainment news with horrible jokes a couple of weeks ago.

It's going very well.

Not a lot of response to it, but.

It's because there's nobody in the room.

If you enjoy those jokes, log on to my Twitter account, at scottaukermann, and tell me what you think.

If you don't, please don't ever write me with criticism.

Can't stand it.

Mm, no.

All right, let's take a song, and then when we come back, we'll have Mike O'Connell.

A little later, we'll have Brent Weinbach.

It's a crazy show.

Neil's gonna be with me all hour.

This is Indie 103.1, Comedy Death Ray with Steel Panther.

♪ All right ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ All right ♪ ♪ Metal ♪ Yeah, Steel Panther.

Formerly known as Metal School, Metal Shop, and one other name.

I can't remember what they were.

There's something, I can't remember, but they're a hilarious band from LA.

They play, I think they have a residency every Monday night or something.

They used to be at the Key Club.

I don't know.

I don't know a lot about them, but they're really funny.

That's from their album just released, and we have Neil Hamburger on the show.

My name's Scott Aukermann.

This is Comedy Death Ray, and we have another special guest from the, now, Neil, this is the Pabst Cold Beverage Tour.

What kind of tour was it again?

The Pabst?

It's called the Pabst Number One Selling Beer in the World Tour 2007 to 2010.

Oh, wow, that's a long tour.

And you guys are just on part of the tour, correct?

No, that's just the name of the tour.

Oh, okay.

It's just a catalog number.

All tours have to have catalog numbers.

It's not the years.

Well, we have another guest from the tour.

It's Michael Connell.

How are you, buddy?

Hello, lovely.

How are you doing?

Fantastic.

It's great to see you.

It's important.

We don't see each other enough lately, I have to say.

It's made me sad.

I know.

You're the most felt.

Oh, thank you so much.

You've changed.

You yourself look fantastic.

You've grown the mustache back out.

I like it.

It's coming back.

Hair is still short.

Yes.

That's of interest to all of our listeners, I'm sure.

Well, it's to be honest.

Wait a minute.

Did we just go, did you just put a little, oh, I like it.

This show is getting, it's like a Pink Floyd album.

I like it.

Or other references from the 70s.

Mike, you are a musician as well as a comedian.

Yes, that is what I do in the world.

And you brought your guitar and it's a special treat for everyone.

We're gonna have a live session here.

I thought maybe I'd do a song.

Yeah, why not?

See, that is what I do.

Let's see what you're all about and then we'll talk to you a little bit afterwards.

How's that sound?

I agree with your stance.

Okay, what are you gonna sing?

Well, this is a song that I wrote because I recently broke up with my girlfriend.

And you know, when I break up with my girlfriend, I like to go back to my room at the YMCA because it's warm there and the bourbon flows like an undammed river.

I also take that time to write songs and this song is for her.

And it's all about how she's coming right the fuck back to me.

♪ She said she was done ♪ ♪ She said she was done with me ♪ ♪ But the end was something I couldn't comprehend or see ♪ ♪ Sometimes you've gotta take the bull by the horns ♪ ♪ And the monkey by its tail ♪ ♪ The giraffe by its neck ♪ ♪ And I don't know what you'd grab on the way ♪ ♪ But I do know this ♪ ♪ She'll be back to me someday ♪ ♪ Cause I stole her insulin ♪ ♪ My God ♪ ♪ I stole her insulin ♪ ♪ My Lord ♪ ♪ Well she'll be sorry ♪ ♪ She said it was over ♪ ♪ When she's deep inside a diabetic coma ♪ ♪ And now she needs me in a way ♪ ♪ That science can't understand ♪ ♪ Please take my hand ♪ ♪ And I'll give you all the insulin you need ♪ ♪ Come back to me now ♪ ♪ Come back to me now ♪ ♪ Come back to me now ♪ ♪ I've got your insulin ♪ ♪ And you need your insulin ♪ ♪ I've got your insulin ♪ Fantastic, bravo.

Thanks so much.

Wow, that is a touching song.

Thank you very much.

It's from my soul.

Really?

Mm-hmm.

That's a great place to start when you're writing a song.

That's the only place from what I understand, unless you're just stealing from other songs.

That's true.

How did you two get hooked up together?

Neil, are you a fan of Mike's?

Was this a- It was strictly a beer business.

Really?

The beer company set it up, you mean?

Or- Beer companies know what's going on with comedy.

Not all the beer companies, but Pabst does, and they set this thing up.

Especially Pabst, their sound and their comedic sensibility .

Are you a fan of that kind of comedy?

Beer-related comedy or- Well, Mike's comedy.

Well, I like what I hear so far.

Okay, as you've never met before.

Well, normally I don't like any other comedians or any other musicians or anyone that would cut into my audience, but you do make exceptions.

What a gentleman.

Well, no, because these people will take jobs from you, and they'll slit your throat while you're asleep backstage.

That's happened to me a couple of times.

Vultures, vultures everywhere.

Some of these sleazy up-and-comer comedians, you meet these guys, 21 years old, they got all fire in their eyes, and they're all excited.

Oh, Neil, I love what you do.

I'm a big fan.

Give me some advice.

You know, when you talk to them for a couple minutes, they go out on stage and do their opening act.

You lie down on the couch and take a nap, wake up with a knife at your throat, blood coming down all over your tuxedo, and it's this goddamn opening act, these young pricks.

And you know, because they want the gig the next night.

You see?

Do you have plans to do that kind of thing?

I look forward to the tour now.

I didn't know it was gonna be so bloody.

I'm prepared for you.

I travel with a team of, they're trained, former Iranian dissidents that escaped the country, and they needed work, so now they work for me, and they have AK-47s, and we post them throughout the clubs to shoot hecklers in the back of the head, because you don't even feel it, you know?

You just feel the blood trickle down your neck.

And then also the opening acts, we also take care of them, you know, if they cause any trouble.

Yeah, I'll try to be on my best behavior.

All right, we're gonna come back with more of Mike and Neil , and we also have Brent Weinbach coming up after this.

Neil, this is a song from your album.

Talk about your album just a brief bit.

What's it called?

It's Neil Hamburger Sings Country Winners?

Oh yeah, yeah, we did an album, you know, to try to get on the music charts, because I don't know if you know this, but the spoken word charts are dead these days.

Yeah.

Yeah, no, ever since- Boy, they used to be a fire.

Well, you know, the Dwight Eisenhower collected speeches, that thing came out, oh geez, early 60s, and that sold a lot of copies.

And that got people into the record shops in the spoken word section.

At that time, at that time, but now when they did the Lyndon Johnson collected speeches , that thing was a real dud.

You should find that in the bargain binge.

And I did some of my comedy records, hoping to get on those charts and fill the gap.

And again, you know, flatline sales.

Yeah, so did you get on the charts with the comedy, or with the country charts?

No, no, we didn't.

Another failure.

Well, let's hear a song from it.

Maybe we can get you back up on those charts.

This is At Least I Was Paid, Neil Hamburger, Indy 103.1.

♪♪♪ ♪ I was paid last night in casino chips ♪ ♪ Made of corn that was stale ♪ ♪ I was paid last week in pizza crusts ♪ ♪ Remnants of someone else's great meal ♪ ♪ At least I was paid ♪ ♪ However low your pay ♪ ♪ At least you can say ♪ ♪ At least I was paid ♪ ♪ An Egyptian man spent 30 long years ♪ ♪ Pushing a boulder up a hill ♪ ♪ A barrel threw him into the tomb ♪ ♪ The king had no respect for his skill ♪ ♪ At least I was paid ♪ ♪ However low your pay ♪ ♪ At least you can say ♪ ♪ At least I was paid ♪ Play something, folks.

♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ ♪ There's a volunteer fireman ♪ ♪ Who dies screaming in the flames ♪ ♪ And what about the poor five-year-old ♪ ♪ Burmese boy applying gold paint ♪ ♪ To plastic chains ♪ ♪ At least I was paid ♪ ♪ However low your pay ♪ ♪ At least you can say ♪ ♪ At least I was paid ♪ ♪ At least we were paid ♪ ♪♪♪ That is Neil Hamburger, my special guest here on Comedy Death Radio.

Comedy Death Radio, oh yeah, that was what Paul wanted to start.

No, we're not gonna do that.

Comedy Death Ray.

Neil, thank you so much for singing that.

Oh yeah, it sounded just like the record.

I mean, singing it in the past.

Oh, in the past, right.

Singing it on record, and then so we could play it right then, thank you so much for that.

Well, thank you.

Normally a lot of people don't get thanked for stuff they've done in the past, the long past.

Just Abe Lincoln, and he gets thanked a lot.

Yeah, that's true.

Mike O'Connell, also my guest, but now we have an interesting treat.

Every once in a while I'm out there on the streets where I spend a lot of my time.

I'm out there on the streets, just trying to figure out what's going on.

And I found this gentleman, he was doing a book signing over where, where did I see you, Anthony?

Circus of Books.

Circus of Books, that's right.

Circus of Books, he's doing a book signing, and I thought he had a lot of great things to say.

He's a political analyst, and this is Anthony Rivera.

How are you?

Thank you.

What's up, what's up?

Like, first off, I just wanna give a shout out to homeboy, say Westside Praja Tresse.

I wanna give a shout out to A1A Harry, Adam Banyce, and I wanna give a shout out to Westside Saly, and I wanna give a shout out to Westside Sorrito, Santa Nast, Sorrito Rosada Square, El Sorrito, and I wanna give a shout out to 92.3 The Beat, Where Hip Hop Lives, Baker Boys in the Morning, Aight, and I wanna give a shout out to Scott Aukerman, Comedy Def Jam Radio, Whatevers.

I'm down for like, Whatevers, so thank you for having me.

Yeah, now normally we don't let you do the shout outs at the beginning, we usually save those to the end.

Oh, it's all good though, it's all good though.

Oh, I didn't know that, okay.

Thank you so much for coming.

Now, describe a little bit of what is it you do?

Well, like first off, before I get into it, I think that we should all do, when's the last time you did a Pledge of Allegiance?

Gosh, must have been grade school, I would say.

Yeah, like you guys did Pledge of Allegiance recently, or whatever.

Either of you guys?

I think we should all do to get into it, or whatever, we do a Pledge of Allegiance or whatever right now, so can we do that?

Yeah, sure, sure.

Do you wanna lead us?

Yeah, I'll lead you, repeat after me, you go like, I Pledge Allegiance.

I Pledge Allegiance.

To the Flag.

Of United States.

Of the United States.

Of Jameriqui.

Of Jameriqui, okay.

And to the Republic.

For which it stands.

Stands.

For which it stands.

Stands.

One Nation.

Under a groove.

Hold on.

Indivisible.

No doubt.

Indubitably.

Bloody and blood out.

With liberty.

Justice.

For what hours.

Wherever.

Alright.

Basically, I'm down for like what hours.

Like, that's what like, that's what I came here to talk about today is like, I'm down for like whatever.

Like if you want a party, that's cool.

You guys down to party?

No.

Okay, Neal.

Neal, you're not.

Let's take a little poll.

Mike?

I would maybe party.

Maybe.

I'm a definite yes.

So we're sort of running the spectrum here.

That's tight.

That's tight, cause like I'm down for whatever.

Like I'll pick you up on Frat Five, He's Sunset.

We can go dancing or what hours.

Go to the movies.

And I think that kind of attitude is revealing of the socioeconomic stuff going on right now or what hours .

Because it's like, basically if we take like all the money that we just keep like pumping to the war, you know, we just keep bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp, bomp it up, right?

We take all that stuff, we put it into like healthcare, you know, like other stuff, you know, benefits, you know, friends with benefits, what hours.

This country as a whole would be much more like what hours.

Okay.

Right?

Right, okay.

I think I get it.

Yeah, basically it's kind of like a moral conundrum.

And like, no, I don't mean to get all like philanthropy or what hours, but like, you know, like what is what hours?

What hours is like what hours.

Whoa.

But like, hold up, hold up, but like, but like what hours?

It's not just like what hours, it is like what hours.

Wow.

Never really thought about it that way.

Yeah, it's tight, it's tight though.

But like, so like I'm gonna open it up some Q&A right now.

So like, if you got a Q&A, like, you know.

If I have a QR&A?

You got a Q&A.

Okay, well, I mean, after hearing you speak at Circuits of Books, I just had a few questions that I wanted to ask you because I really enjoyed your point of view, but I mean, you know, we're in tough times right now, the country.

I mean, you know, this is- It's like what else?

Yeah.

It's like what else, right?

You know, the current economic climate is really rough, but do you think there are any steps that the United States needs to take in order to kind of get back on its feet?

Definitely.

Most definitely.

Yeah, that's a good Q&A.

You got any other Q&A?

Okay, sure.

I can move on if you, okay.

That was good, that was good.

Okay, thank you.

What's your stance on gay marriage?

Well, I'm down with gay marriage.

I'm down with gay marriage.

Are you down with gay marriage?

Sure, yeah.

I'm down with gay marriage because it's like, say like a fine girl want me to put in her butt, I'll put it in her butt because I'm down with gay marriage, right?

But like say she don't want me to put in her butt, I'm like, damn girl, I guess you're not down with gay marriage then.

Like why you gotta be a homeopathic and whatnot?

Okay, right.

You know, I noticed that you're, from your dialect, that you're a Latino, a Latino or you are Latino?

What would the proper?

Chicano, Latino, whatever.

Okay, do you have any messages for our Latino listeners?

Oh, well, I'll be honest, like I don't even speak Spanish, dog.

You don't?

I don't even speak Spanish.

I grew up in East LA, I don't even speak Spanish.

Like I know how to say like three things in Spanish.

Oh, like what?

I know how to say like, hola, que tal?

Which means?

That means like, what's up?

Okay.

So, the carne hueso.

What does that mean?

That means like, I'm only meeting bones, whatevers.

Okay.

And I know how to say, two packs of life, he's a live fool.

That fool was a live for real, dog.

Okay, all right.

That also means like, what's up?

But it's like more like familial, like family.

For friends.

Like family kind of thing, yeah.

Who are some of the people who influenced you the most in your life?

Oh, well like, my father is a very important person in my life.

Yeah, a lot of people their father is the most important.

Yeah, he's like a VIP.

Like VIP club card for my life.

Okay.

And it's like, he used to say like a lot of stuff that like, like sayings, you know, like that is stuck in my brain.

Oh yeah, like the way he would teach you things?

Yeah, he always used to say like stuff like, he always used to say this one thing he always used to say was, you know, I can check in the back if you want me to, but pretty much everything we got is on the shelf.

And he also used to say stuff like, he always used to say this one thing is like, I'm pretty sure it's your thermostat, but just to make sure I'm gonna run a full diagnostic.

Wow.

And that kind of stuck in my brain for like my whole life.

I still think about it, you know, it's a very important person.

Wow, that's fantastic.

So it's tight.

Yeah, it is tight.

Well, thank you so much for coming.

No, thank you for having me.

Like, you know, I just wanna like, you know, say like, you know, vote yes on prop, prop, prop 187 on the undercover cop.

Okay.

And like check out westside.gov and you know, you know, like, just like we can make a difference.

Like, you know, like seriously, like, you know, like, no, I'm sorry, like, no, we can make, no, I'm sorry, like, no, I don't mean to get all like emoticons and whatnot, but like, like.

You're welling up a little bit.

Yeah, no, like, no, I'm sorry, dog.

I'm sorry, like, no, no, like.

This is like Glenn Beck talking about me and Joe Green.

No, for real, like, like on the for real tip though, like, like, like you can make a difference.

Oh.

And life, life is like what it was.

Oh yes.

Thank you for having me Scott.

Thank you so much Anthony Rivera.

Thank you.

Wow, Neil, what do you think about young Anthony?

What region of France are you from?

I ain't been out of California before dog.

Really?

But like, you know, like, I like to go to France, you know, eat some breads, cheese, whatever's, you know, they got like good, like, you know, like eggs there.

Toast is really good.

They got some good toast I heard.

We should have gotten you in on the Q and A section of this .

Well, I would like to know some things about you.

You got a Q and A?

Well, I'm just wondering what about your book?

He said you had a book.

Well, he was at Circus of Books.

He didn't have a book.

He was just kind of, I just kind of met him in the eye.

No, I mean, I was signing a book, but it was like, I was just like, it was like a rental book or whatever.

It was checkout book.

I signed it, I signed out on a book.

It's not a library, actually.

I meant to tell you that.

You just kind of signed someone else's book.

Yeah, well, you know, it's like, they were down with whatever, so I signed the book.

You know, I said, what's up?

I'm Anthony Rivera, whatever.

It's like, I signed your book, whatever.

I speak out against, you know, abuse, whatever, violence.

So...

I didn't notice a lot of that speaking out against abuse and violence in what you just did.

I have to say.

Oh, I think you're missing the point, Scott.

I could be, I could be.

I'm gonna go back and check the tapes.

Check the tapes, man. It's all the same, man.

If it doesn't acquit, it fits.

Okay. All right.

Well, thank you, Anthony.

We're gonna come right back with a little bit more of Neil, a little bit more of Mike.

This is Tim Eric.

Shrimp and wild wine.

♪ Shrimp and wild wine ♪ ♪ Take your clothes off ♪ All right. We're back, Indy 103.1.

This is Comedy Death Ray.

My name's Scott Aukerman.

I'm your host.

We're here with Michael Connell and Neil Hamburger, and Brent Weinbach came by to join us.

Hey, Brent, how are you, man?

Hello. Thank you for having me.

You're a very funny comedian.

You're out there on tour coming up.

You just released a record, right?

That's true, yeah.

Called The Night Shift?

Called The Night Shift, yeah.

Is that based at all on the Henry Winkler classic film?

I wish, I wish it was.

I should have, yeah.

Your life has a lot of uncanny parallels to that movie.

Yeah, there's a song by Al Jarreau from that soundtrack that's really good.

That was actually...

♪ I was coming down on the night shift ♪ ♪ Oh, motherfucking night ♪ Oh, I didn't know that you were allowed to say bad words.

Oh yeah, sure.

Oh, good, that's good.

Would you have done a few more bad words in your Anthony Rivera comedy piece?

I would have said the SH word at one point, maybe.

Hmm. Maybe.

It's not too late.

And actually I would have maybe said, well, whatever, whatever.

Oh wait, did we just slip back into character?

Yeah, whatever, whatever, whatever.

Whatever.

No, yeah, so the night shift isn't even the album and based on Al Jarreau's hit song from the movie.

Now it's a 60 minute comedy album based on a three minute song.

Yeah. How does that work?

Well, it's basically kind of a deconstruction piece and you know, like basically for every minute it was like whatever, 20 minutes.

And yeah, so it's, if you really want to know more about Al Jarreau and his life and his music, just check out this album and you really just get the full package, I think.

I think it was the Commodores that did that song, wasn't it?

That was, that's the night shift.

That's another night shift.

Making the album more complicated.

Yeah. Yeah.

That's another facet.

That's my next album is Commodores.

It's night shift to the Commodores.

And then there's a third one, which is the Susie and the Banshees edition coming out.

That's like scheduled for 2020 release.

Wow.

What a career you have.

Yeah. That's my thing.

Yeah. It's a night shift.

Anywhere.

So now Neil, I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this, Michael Jackson's movie is coming out.

This is it.

It's coming out.

It's not his movie.

It's his, his, his, his creepo brothers movie.

Jackson's in hell.

He has nothing to do with this movie.

You know, somebody had a camera in the toilet at Staples Center and then, you know, that's the movie.

It's a nightmare.

So you're looking forward to it?

Well, I'm going to go see it because, you know, you might get a couple of jokes out of it here or there.

But I mean, this is not, this is not what Jackson would have presented for his final appearance.

I mean, this is a terrible, terrible footage of a man at his worst.

Wracked by drug abuse.

Mobish away from death, supposedly singing these happy songs.

Look, you know, you see the space between his pupils and his eyelids and it's gray and there's, there's a, you know, it doesn't look good.

The man was going to die and you're supposed to think this is a concert you want to attend?

It really is an interesting documentary about someone who is literally hours away from death.

I never thought of it that way.

Like you're, you're looking at a man's final breaths.

The Walking Dead.

And that's fun.

How are you going to get popcorn during that?

You know, you end up throwing up the popcorn watching something like that.

But you know, the state of- A man dancing his last dance.

The state of concessions at today's movie theaters though, maybe it tastes better to throw up the popcorn.

Yeah, you got a point.

Now it's no secret that you had a lot of Michael Jackson jokes in your act.

We had a couple.

Hundred.

Who's this, who's the we?

Well, you know, the act.

Oh, you and the actor.

Me and my jokes, yeah, I have bags of jokes.

Give us like one example of one that you would do before he died that worked so well before he died that now you just can't do the same.

Well, I don't even remember.

We threw out a couple hundred jokes.

They were out of, all we have is the new death ones, you know.

For instance, what's the official restaurant of the 2009 Michael Jackson funeral?

No idea.

Jack in the box.

Oh boy.

So it's that type of an act.

So would you say you're doing more Michael Jackson jokes than ever because he's dead?

Well, I wouldn't call them jokes anymore.

I'd call it a loving tribute to a great entertainer who has passed on much too soon.

So we do have a segment in the show now in which we honor Mr. Jackson with some respect.

Now here's another gag for you.

What do you call four sad, depressed, financially bankrupt, tears streaming down their faces, black men carrying a coffin?

I don't know what.

The Jackson Four.

God.

Anyway, but we do pay tribute as well.

This is very sad.

This is very sad to lose one of these great entertainers.

They don't make them like that anymore.

Now you get Taylor Swift.

I mean, that's not a suitable replacement.

No.

He's terrible.

I tell you, I would trade like a hundred JC DeGards just to get Michael Jackson back.

You know? Sure.

Sure we got her, but you know what?

Forget it.

I'd trade a hundred of her.

I'd cut her up into a hundred pieces to get Michael Jackson back for just 10 minutes.

Just 10 minutes.

And what would he do during those 10 minutes?

You know, maybe do one of his old hits, I Want You Back.

That would be a good one.

You don't want him to do Earth Song because that's about a seven minute song and then he only has three minutes.

I don't want to hear any of the molestation songs.

Any of that, you know, what's that?

They Don't Care About Us.

Yeah.

That kind of garbage.

And I want the old, the Jackson Five.

Remember when he was the kid and that was very entertaining .

I noticed in the description of the movie, Jackson would keep coming up with ideas, they say.

Kenny Ortega, the director, he would keep coming up with ideas.

I want to replicate an entire waterfall.

More propofol.

Yeah. I want to, you know, do a video montage of me around the world and then like stuck in there is, oh, and a children's choir.

Don't really mention he wanted 50 children to be on tour with him at all times.

The man's brain was fried, I'm sorry to say.

Did you go to the exhibit of all his garbage?

Yes, definitely.

Wasn't that a nightmare?

Yeah. Were you there?

I went there, yeah.

Did you have any fans come up to you?

A couple.

Hmm.

A couple. I had a guy wanted me to autograph one of the programs.

Hmm.

Was one of my jokes.

But no, that was a nightmare.

I had to leave after 20 minutes.

I was overcome with emotion because you...

What kind of emotion?

Well, you just don't see such a poorly made furniture in one place that often, you know, outside of an Ikea or something.

But this stuff was worse.

You know, it was like antique Kmart type, you know, fiberboard desks and things like that.

And then those wax figures of the household held a household help that he...

Oh yeah.

He had wax figures of his butlers.

And if you did you pull, did you get close enough to sort of yank the pants down on that and see what sort of equipment those things had.

And the butler was a big, you know, the butler looked a lot like myself.

I hate to say it.

Same glasses and all that.

Same dimensions.

But I pulled down to the pants and the penis on that was a child's penis.

Oh really?

Yeah.

Is that how he got around it?

Guess so.

He just fooled everyone into thinking, hey, well it's an adult body and then you pull it down and it's a child's penis.

That's what I discovered.

That's why I had to leave.

It was tearing me up as a fan.

So would you say then, if you're a Michael Jackson fan, that you should go to a Neil Hamburger show because you'll get a loving tribute.

Anybody should go to the goddamn Neil Hamburger show because we're desperate here.

Mike and myself and the rest of the gang really need some folks to come out.

And you know, you could go watch one of these horrible movies, horrible, horrible movies.

I don't know if they're sponsoring this show or not.

No, no, we don't know.

Please talk about it.

Horrible movies and these awful, awful indie rock slob bands, you know, these dirty people with five thumbs on each hand playing these out of tune numbers and these slovenly sorts of appearances that these bands make.

Or you could come out to our comedy show and have a great time.

Now the choice is yours.

If you make the wrong choice, you know, expect real bad luck for many, many years.

What is the wrong choice, by the way?

To do anything other than to go to the Pabst Blue Ribs and Canned Laughter Tour 2007 to 2010.

How can people figure out what the dates are, how to get tickets?

Very easy.

Go to www.

Okay, hold on, hold on.

Pabst Blue Ribbon Tour that's going on over the next week.com.

Now is that HTTP colon backslash backslash?

No, no, that'll get you to the wrong place.

Oh, okay, so just- It's www, I want to see Neil and Mike and the rest, Randy and the whole thing.

All his jokes.

I want to drink this beer and all the jokes.

Thanks, I didn't want to get the address wrong.com.

And I don't know, I mean, look, this is, you know, these guys are on the internet, obviously, if you're listening to this, they should be able to figure out how to find out where the fucking shows are.

Yeah, they should be the ones, yeah, exactly.

You call us and tell us where the shows are, asshole.

Seriously, otherwise you may not show up.

Yeah, exactly.

Are you doing an LA date?

Yes, yeah, we're doing one at Spaceland, which is of course the most prestigious club, I think, in the country right now.

After appearing in that, what was that movie?

Was it Robin Williams?

RV, you're gonna have to be a little more specific.

Father's Day.

There was one that was Spaceland.

What was it?

Patch Adams, that was the one?

Patch, I don't know.

Anyway, that's where the club is, that's where the show is.

Get to the show, stop screwing around with the internet.

Seriously, people have to stop screwing around and actually use it to- To come to these shows.

We're playing Bellingham, Washington.

I know you guys are listening.

There's nothing else going on there.

Seattle, Portland, and the rest.

All right, we're gonna come back.

We're gonna have another song from Mike.

Brent, you have something, a little special treat you're gonna be doing, I think, a little later.

Great, so why don't we play a little bit from, oh, this is from the South Park movie.

We'll be right back, Comedy Death Ray.

♪ Well, cause my bitch, she's a big fat bitch ♪ ♪ She's a big ass bitch in the whole wide world ♪ ♪ She's a stupid bitch, she's a bad boy ♪ ♪ She's a bitch, she's a bitch who loves her ♪ ♪ Boys and girls ♪ ♪ And you have met my big hot mom ♪ ♪ She's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world ♪ ♪ She's a mean old bitch, she has stupid hair ♪ ♪ She's a bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch ♪ ♪ Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch ♪ ♪ She's a stupid bitch ♪ ♪ Cause my bitch, she's such a dirty bitch ♪ ♪ I really mean it, cause my bitch ♪ ♪ She's a big fat, I can't behave ♪ ♪ She's a bad fucking bitch, I'm mad, yeah ♪ All right, comedy death ray, we're back.

We have Neil Hamburger, we have Brent Weinbach, and this is Michael Connell.

You're gonna do another live session for us.

What do you got?

I've been doing a lot of research into the annals of music history, and I've found that there have been a lot of songs written about love.

Love in an elevator is one of them by Aerosmith.

Am I wrong?

No, let's just move on.

I've also found that there have been a lot of songs written in hatred and in spite, but I've found in my research that there's never been a song written about how cute I think Asian babies are.

And who better to write and sing this song than me?

♪ I want an Asian baby from Korea or Japan ♪ ♪ Vietnam, it doesn't matter ♪ ♪ I just want it in my hands ♪ ♪ But no one will let me play with their Asian baby ♪ ♪ Maybe it's my dodgy past ♪ ♪ Maybe it's the way I dress ♪ ♪ But every time I approach ♪ ♪ The parents get so upset ♪ ♪ And they won't let me play with their baby ♪ ♪ Do I have to steal one? ♪ ♪ Yup ♪ ♪ Well, they seem to be always smiling ♪ ♪ And their skin it seems so soft ♪ ♪ Want to look into their eyes ♪ ♪ And give back all the hope I lost ♪ ♪ But no one will let me play with their Asian baby ♪ ♪ Tell me this ♪ ♪ Why won't you let me play with your Asian baby? ♪ ♪ Why won't you let me play with your Asian baby? ♪ ♪ Soft little Asian baby ♪ ♪ I want to play with your baby ♪ ♪ I think you have a special baby ♪ Wait, I have one more thing to say before I part.

♪ I deserve an Asian baby from Korea or Japan ♪ ♪ I swear I've been a good boy ♪ ♪ Just put it in my hand ♪ ♪ But no one will let me play with their Asian baby ♪ ♪ Baby, baby ♪ ♪ Shangunrungunrunga Asian baby, baby, baby ♪ ♪ Shangunrunga Asian baby, baby, baby ♪ ♪ Shangunrunga Asian baby, baby, baby ♪ Fantastic.

Really going all out.

Oh yeah, I love it.

Hard to do it mellow.

Mike, you have a really popular video out there that people should check out if you like your songs called What's It Gonna Be with Dr. Ken, who was in the hangover.

Yeah.

Getting way more famous than you.

Hey, he did.

Did you ever think that would happen?

He's always been funnier.

It kind of works itself out, I guess.

Cream rises to the top.

Exactly, and then all the liquor's at the bottom.

Hehehe. Uh, alright, let's do a song when we come back.

Brent Weinbach has got something special. This is The Glass Beef.

One, two, three, four.

Derp Derp!

Da da dahThere!!

Didial Connecting the dots. Connecting the dots. Connecting the dots. Connecting the dots.

Da da, da da da Da da da, da da da ya I'm connecting the dots There's no connection between the dots There's only a line There's no connection between the dots There's only a line There's no connection between the dots There's only a line There's no connection between the dots There's only a line Between us, both The Glass Beef, that is Paul Rush and Charlene Ye...

...that just cuts off, doesn't it? Their band.

Let's see, I want to mention our good friend Thomas Lennon.

You may know him as Little Gary, my friendly announcer. He is at the Improv all weekend here in LA, so he has shows tonight, Friday, he has shows Saturday with a lot of special guests that will be a lot of fun. Also at the Comedy Death Ray the Live show this week, Tom Lennon will be there as well with Mary Lynn Rice Cub, Donald Glover from Community. Tickets are only $5 at ucbtheater.com. And I want to play this thing. We recorded It's Almost Halloween. Would any of you guys disagree with that?

Yeah. Okay, Neil, you would? No, it's almost Christmas.

That's true. It's so subjective.

Both can be true, right? It is Almost Halloween and our good friend Eben Schleder, who did all the music for Mr. Show, among other things, has a great Halloween record, which I will be playing a lot of songs from next week. But he put together a little promo for it starring Paul F. Tompkins, and I thought we'd play it and talk a little bit about it. So let 's play that promo for Eben Schleder's Witching Hour. Oh, great. Just what I need. A thunderstorm.

Like the long and treacherous drive through these dark and foggy mountains wasn't unn erving enough. Yeah. Oh, maybe there's something on the radio. The radio, sure. Looking for a fang -tastic way to take a bite out of the midnight doldrums? Then you'll go positively batty over E ben Schleder's Witching Hour.

It's a real scream. No, thank you. What else is on? Get your freaky freak on with Eben Schleder's Witching Hour. What a strange coincidence. A seven-corpse meal in the restaurant of fear.

Just a coincidence, that's all. This time of year, what I like to hear is Eben Schleder's Witching Hour. It just started out cute and then it got terrifying.

Release your inner monster with the record scientifically proven to release your inner monster, Eben Schleder's Witching Hour.

Oh boy, talk about your media saturation. Toll the bells, raise midnight's power, resonate through wind and sea, Eben Schleder's Witching Hour for download and on CD.

I never thought I could be scared of media platforms.

Somebody, Eben Schleder's Witching Hour. Eben Schleder's Witching Hour. Eben Schleder's Witching Hour.

Oh boy, I'm sure glad that night is over. Oh and look at this beautiful sunny day. You know, it truly is darkest before the dawn and kindness is the sunshine in which virtue grows.

Hey, I wonder what's on the radio. Hello, I'm Sam Levine.

You may know me from the classic television show Freaks and Geeks or perhaps from Quentin Tarantino's blockbuster hit in Glorious Bastards.

I know you because you're adorable. But most people know me because I'm adorable. And how do I keep my youthful looks? Well, it's partly because I am in fact quite young, but also because I maintain a well-balanced diet, get plenty of exercise, and at every solstice and full moon, I listen to Eben Schleder's Witching Hour. Oh wow, I fell asleep at the wheel. I could have been killed. I must stay awake. Maybe something's on the radio. Looking for a fangtastic way to take a bite out of the midnight doldrums? It can't be. Don't say it! Eben Schleder's Witching Hour.

Whoa, whoa, I fell asleep at the wheel. I could have been killed. I must stay awake. Okay, maybe something's on the radio. Eben Schleder's Witching Hour, a fun-filled grommet featuring fantastic performances by Sam Levine, Paul F. Tompkins, Dave Foley, Tom Kenny, Grant Lee Phillips, Jill Sobiel, Scott Ockerman, and many more. Spice up your party with the scrumptious sounds of Eben Schleder's Witching Hour if you dare. That is of course available on iTunes, Amazon, all sorts of stuff. A lot of people would make those like a 60-second commercial.

He chose to make a three-minute one. That's one way to go.

You guys are sharing headphones. I like it. Mike and Neil putting their heads together like they're in a doo-wop group. Don't go breaking my heart. Yeah, so that's a record. It's got a lot of really funny Halloween songs on it. I'm gonna play a lot more of them next week, but you can order that now on all the major services, iTunes, all that kind of stuff. It's very funny. Okay, so Brent, you're here. Hi. And what do you have for us? You called me up. You said, Scott, I have a special treat for everyone. And I said, well, you know, sight unseen, I want to hear it. I don't even want to know what it is. So what I need you to do right now is describe for me what the special treat is. Well, it's not really as much a treat. I mean, it is a treat, but it's more of an experiment, I think. Oh, okay. I mean, an experiment is a treat, I think. I would not have let you do it, but go ahead. Well, when's the last time you went apartment hunting or room hunting? About seven years ago, I would say.

Yeah. What about you guys? You guys? Five years. Never.

Neil, where do you live, Neil?

Cardboard box, New Mexico. So there's, like, how do you guys usually find places to live? Like, what kind of resources do you use usually? Well, you could just go right into the bid, or we could keep doing these rhetorical questions. I think a longer, more boring setup is gonna, like, increase the funniness of this piece, I think. So, okay, the idea is that I spent a lot of many years living in San Francisco, and living in San Francisco and looking for places to live, I always came across and called from classified ads very creepy people. I'd always call people on the telephone, very creepy people, and I was curious...

A lot of creeps, you would say.

Like, creeps, you know. And I was curious if that sort of thing existed in Los Angeles, and I'm sure it does. So I went on Craigslist this morning, and I looked at some rooms for rent on Craigslist, and I brought in a list of phone numbers of these people who have rooms for rent, and I thought it'd be a neat thing to do is to call these numbers on your show.

Oh, okay. We're gonna call them live on the air, in other words? Okay.

Yeah, call them live and see if we run into the same kind of situations I used to run into in San Francisco.

Okay, so now you're gonna call the people, and we're going to just kind of sit back and listen to you interacting with them? Sure, yeah, yeah.

And these are some real creeps. I mean, hopefully. I mean, hopefully, maybe not. We'll see what happens. Okay.

Yeah, let's plug into the phone line for that. Let's dial this number here.

Okay. Do you need any help from me?

No, maybe commentary afterwards. Okay, great.

Oh, hi, brothers. You calling about the room?

Yes, hello. I am calling about the room. I saw your ad on Craigslist.

Uh-huh. Well, what kind of room you looking for, baby?

Because I got a double, but I also got a single that you can fit a double in. Now, what you think about that, baby?

Well, I'm only interested in a single room for rent.

You Puerto Rican? I'm sorry?

Are you Puerto Rican? No. I'm half Filipino.

I don't know if that counts. Oh, that's even better.

I got a good deal for you, baby. Okay, I'll call you back.

Okay, yeah, that qualifies as a creep, I would say.

Oh, you think so? I don't know. I just thought he was kind of smooth sounding.

And you think he was a he. I thought he was kind of like an R&B, smooth vocalist. Like an Al Jarreau type?

Yeah, I think that was just Al Jarreau.

A little bit of a sweet sound. A-clomin' down, motherf ucking- Now, you think that was a guy. It sounded more like a girl to me.

I mean, I don't know. Hey, to each his own, you know, whatever floats your boat, right?

That is a great point. Do you want to call another one?

I think, I mean, I don't know. I wasn't really satisfied with that one.

Yeah, I'd say let's try one more and see if we can get even creepier.

Yeah, sure. Okay, let's open up this one.

Yeah, let's do the phone. You have the number? Okay, here we go.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay, we almost- Oh, here we go.

Hello?

Hi, I saw your ad on Craigslist. I'm calling about the room for rent.

Okay, well, I was wondering how many people live in the apartment all together?

Well, I was wondering how many people live in the apartment all together.

A numerical answer I was looking for.

I'm sorry, I can't hear you very well. Can you speak up, please?

Okay, I'll call you back.

Oh my gosh, that was, uh, that was disturbing.

Well, sure.

Huh.

I mean, what do you think was going on over there?

I don't know, what do you think was going on?

It sounded like he was smacking, or was he smacking something, or was that the exhalation of breath?

I don't know, what did it sound like to you guys?

Push-ups?

It sounded like a paper bag was involved.

Just get, just take the room before someone else gets it.

It's a gem, yeah.

Do you have another one, or is that it?

Uh, we could try one more.

All right, let's try one more.

We could try one more.

Let's do one more, because we're almost out of time.

Yeah, let's do all right.

All right, here we go.

Dialing the number.

Here we go, Brent Leenbach calling for a room.

Hello, my name is Chad.

Hello, my name is Brent.

I'm calling about the room.

Are you calling about the room?

Yes, I, yes, I am calling about the room.

Are you calling about the room?

Yes, yeah, I...

Are you calling about the room?

Yes, I am calling about the room.

Are you calling about the room?

What?

Hello?

Hello, my name is Chad.

All right, hang it up, hang it up, hang it up.

Oh my gosh.

I don't know, what do you guys think?

Yeah, I guess I wouldn't take that room.

No, you wouldn't take that one?

The one before sounded good though.

Well, the last guy just sounds too young, you know, too immature.

Guys like that, you know, they're gonna eat your food out of the fridge and things like that.

You need someone older who has the breadth of experience to know how to treat people.

Like the second guy or even the first.

The heavy breathing was the breadth of experience.

Yeah.

Like oof, oof, that was it.

At least it's not some dumb kid who's playing video games when you're trying to sleep.

I know, that last one kind of sounded like a frat house or something, right?

Robot frat house.

Well, thank you so much Brent for bringing those in.

Well, thanks for doing that experiment with me.

Yeah, sure.

And I think that's gonna wrap it up for us.

Brent, your album, The Night Shift on sale and all the major services.

I'm on tour right now.

The remaining dates are in.

Just look it up, brentweinbach.com.

brentweinbach.com.

We have Michael Connell, you're on tour here with Neil.

Going to Bellingham, Washington, the 20th, the 21st in Seattle, the 22nd in Portland, the 23rd in San Francisco, and the 25th in Los Angeles at Spaceland.

Fantastic.

And Neil, thank you so much for coming.

It's always a pleasure.

Thanks guys.

And we're available on the 24th.

If anyone has a tent that needs to be lit up with entertainment, let us know.

One last joke for the road, Neil.

Can I, you got anything?

How?

How do you stop your small children from sobbing uncontroll ably over the loss of their mentor, entertainer, Michael Jackson?

Well, you inject them with 25 milligrams of propofol.

Very good.

That's the kind of material you can hear out on this tour.

I want to thank engineer Stephanie, intern Stu.

We're going to come back next week with Sarah Silverman.

In the meantime, this is Spinal Tap.

We'll see you then.

Thanks comedy death ray.

I'm Scott Aukerman, Twitter at Scott Aukerman.

Bye.
