Star of the Pete Holmes show on TBS, Pete Holmes is here making his inaugural appearance on Comedy Bing Bong.

Plus we have a world famous athlete coming up and I have a new intern on the show.

All of that and more all in today's...

♫ Music ♫ My father hath two cabbages, yes two cabbages he doth have, and when you see them cabbages you will surely become green with cabbage envy. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. What an incredible catchphrase!

It was a pleasure saying that one. I could not wait to wrap my lips around those words and propel them from my throat hole. Thanks to Spaceball87 for that. Oh we've heard from him before.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. We have a great show this week , mid-October, well let's call it Rocktober. Fall has truly fallen and we're here in the middle of it. It's just falling on top of us if you know what I mean. And I'm your host Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to the podcast Comedy Bang Bang.

And boy if you've come over here from being a fan of the TV show, welcome! We do this show every week, sometimes twice a week, and we talk to weirdos pretty much. And there is none more weird than our guest of honor, but we'll get to him in just a second. If you've heard that laugh you know who he is. I won't, don't say my name, but I just want to go uh. Do you want me to say his name?

I forget what I'm supposed to do here Scott. Let me talk to you for a second. Okay so fans of the show who have been with us for more than four years at this point know that uh I have interns on the show every once in a while. One of the most famous I think was Marissa Wampler who uh to be honest never did any of her intern duties and I'm expecting more out of you. Oh yeah yeah I'm uh almost you know I'm in my third year at Nassau Community College radio major. Coming out here for the semester I'm so pumped to be doing stuff for you guys here and I'm ready to go. Like you tell me what to do I could do it.

Well the first thing would be you know I mean you're not supposed to necessarily talk this much on the mic but I got it but I did I did address you so it's okay. I apologize I will keep it radio silence. See what I did there.

I'm not going to say anything else for the rest of this hour. Well this is I mean it's not really it's to be honest it's not radio it's a podcast. What? So that joke doesn't really make any sense.

This is this is technically radio though right you listen to it you don't watch it. I guess but it's not broadcast on the radio waves I think would be the the difference. I feel like even though it's a podcast as you call it that my radio major will help me out in this situation.

I feel like you should have said podcast silence. Like I'll keep it podcast silence like and and that's something I need to talk to you or our guest about.

Should we change this term to podcast silence in general now that radio is going away? Are we really saying radio silence so much that we need to like revamp it? I believe so. I've actually never said radio silence on radio so I was excited to have done that. Yeah but now it turns out I said it on a podcast. Your name's Luis? No this is Gino Lombardo. Luis is my mother's name.

Luis Lombardo is my mother's name that's really funny. I like this guy. Well we got a lot of coinc idences floating around us you know what I mean. Coincidences are just God having a little fun in between. Is that a cuckoo or is that a Scott Aukerman a ridge? You think that that's a cuckoo that 's a me. Any time I hear something new agey I'm going to assume that cuckoo needed an into you in a massage. Our guest by the way and I'll introduce him in a second. Luis of course he's been on who charted. No it's Gino. Can I still talk or you want me to apply? No Gino you're yeah as long as you fulfill your duties as an intern.

You got it. I filled up some waters. I plugged in the AC adapters. I put up some of the styrofoam on the walls so it doesn't make too much noise. We were DC.

We were exclusively DC for a while so we needed to adapt it to AC. Yeah you need some alternate current as well besides you can't go this is what I learned in level one comethics at school that you can't have just direct current.

You got to alternate the current so someone's going to get their hands fried. Boomp and then wait a bit and then boomp and then wait a bit and then boom . I'm impressed you knew what those men.

Oh yeah. Well he's my yeah he's an intern. He has to know.

I'm a third year radio major at Nassau Community College. I think I know a thing or two about AC DC. I'm not just a band. Radio Silence. Oh god. Podcast Silence. Podcast Silence. See I go to like Melbourne. I was in Melbourne and I've been to other countries. You plug something in and I just get a like a burning chemical smell and then I can't use it anymore and then you find somebody like you but the Australian version of you that knows the like they're. That'd be terrifying if there wasn't a true Australian version of my. Do you think there might be an Australian version of all of us? Yes. Like every person in the United States they probably there's probably.

They're just a little bit of a little bit of a tanner. They're like a little they got a little deep.

Well I don't know if you can get much tanner than I am right now. No you are you're dark. Yeah well you come out to California you know that's what they say. Soak up the rays. You're you're like. That's what they always say.

That's like who's who. You're in a full house you're so tan . Get it? They were the tan the tanners.

Oh right. Podcast Silence. I understand that though. And we 'll introduce the mind behind the twisted mind behind that joke in just a second but I do want just Gino uh what do you what are you gonna do while we're doing the show here? I'm gonna keep it completely quiet. No it's not that you have to just do your duties. Right I'll be doing my duties. I'll make sure that everyone's got water that this guy I can't say his name yet because I'm gonna let you have that.

Okay yeah if you were to say his name before I was gonna say his name. I'm gonna let make sure this guy the guest of honor has water. I'm gonna make sure the engineer has water.

You know even as a little bit being called the guest of honor really makes you feel nice.

It does feel good doesn't it? It feels great. Are you a fan of our guest of honor? Don't say his name. Just keep using it. Uh the guest of honor I yeah I uh just listened to you know I got serious xm in my house I just listened to one of his uh one of his stand-up hours with hilarious. We were laughing our balls off. I bet I bet. Uh let's get to him what do you say? Can I tell you a story about tan? You just talking about how tan you are? He was talking about that checks out he was talking about that. That's like an old stand-up instinct I have to be like ah Luis I know what is it? Uh it's Gino but you waited two whole minutes for your segue. I'm just hey I don't know that's level two segue. Oh you covered that and we thought we do we do segues give me give me two things and I'll segue in between them right now. You know what what happened was I was politely listening but I still have let me give you two different things it's fall so we have pumpkins okay uh and then uh supermarkets now that that's they're too closely tied together okay pumpkins is good pumpkins is good. Wait what's that? What's that?

Wait what is this? Why are you he's gonna do segues? I thought you wanted me to segue off of that because my segue had expired apparently.

That no he's he's greater than he says okay so pumpkins god damn we'll say pumpkins and shakespeare. Oh yeah okay so pumpkins jack o lantern why don't you jack off hamlet because he has full nuts you're welcome. I don't know about this that was like a robin williams ask free association like jack o lantern jack off hamlet needs some release I doth protest too much.

He did he did guess teach at a segue class. Who's sh akespeare? No uh robin williams but as shakespeare so you were okay to be or not to be that's a lot of bees I'm allergic all you poets are dead what's a society oh captain my captain tom hanks captain captain jones I'll be back in two I'll be back in 200 years or a bicentennial man. Wet dreams may come yes.

Yeah you were spelling com c-u-m right? I believe I was yeah I believe I was yeah.
